Garbo’s Faces


Ulf Wolf

Smashwords Edition
May 2013

Copyright


Garbo’s Faces
Copyright 2013 by Wolfstuff


All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.



Smashwords License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

::




::Prologue::

When my mother was twelve years old, directing imaginary plays from the little outhouse roof in her tenement back yard, she knew that there was absolutely nothing wrong with the world.
Standing by her living room window, catching a brown and watery glimpse of the East River these many years later, she knew it to be a bad place.
Whether this knowledge had gathered little by little over the intervening years, cloud by cloud, and just now let on; or whether it had sprung, a gray horizon to horizon upon an unsuspecting sky just moments ago, since finishing her breakfast, she couldn’t tell. Only that it was so obvious now.
But she mustn’t let this ruin her day. She slipped into her beige duffle coat, donned her sunglasses, covered her head with a gray and black scarf, patted her coat pocket to hear the keys tinkle, made sure she had her cigarettes, and her lighter, and without as much as a word of good-bye to Claire, headed out for her morning walk.



::A Gift::

My mother gave me away when I was two weeks old. Yes: I was a gift. That’s what she later told me: a gift. Of course, I was also the unthinkable, in a world that must never know about me, at least not the world which knew and celebrated her. I was to be hidden from it.
Later I realized that I was also to be hidden from her, the deeper the better.
“And given sounds so much better than hidden, don’t you think?” she said once after I had come to know her. “So much better than unthinkable.”
The original benefactee—if that’s a word—was my father. His name was Jiddu, and at that time (I was born on April 10, 1928) he was a reasonably well known mystic. Indeed, he was quite famous in his day, even though in this day and age, if remembered at all, he seems more myth than man. Still, he has left a bit of a legacy, along with not a few schools and foundations scattered here and there about the world. But the man on the street, were you to mention his name, would look at you blankly, then shake his head, taking his time about it.
At first Jiddu argued that she should keep me. “Children should be with their mothers,” he said. “That’s why women give birth and not men.” Besides, would a child not be in his way as much as in hers? This, however, he soon had to admit—even to himself—simply was not true. Sure, to him I would be a burden, an inconvenience and an embarrassment, but to her I would be the end of a career, the end of a successful life.
So in the end he relented—though, from what she later told me, not all that gracefully—and accepted me: a gift to be hidden.
You could plainly see that I was his and her son. The color of my hair and the color of my skin were his; the color of my eyes, and the shape of my nose and mouth were hers. If my father had entertained any thoughts of contesting his involvement, he must have abandoned them the moment he saw me. Very much his, and very much hers. Not that I cared then.
So he accepted me, but didn’t keep me around for long. A week or two, from what I’ve been able to piece together; just long enough to realize what a burden I actually was. Then he packed me off to Madanapalle, a small town smack in the middle of Southern India where he had grown up, and where his mother still lived.
The long and the short of it: I was raised by a wonderful Indian woman named Madhuri (who among other things knew how to talk to snakes) in a town not so seldom overrun by rats (not in and around Madhuri’s house of course, her snake friends saw to that) and, for three months of the year, inclement weather.
This all happened in the spring of 1928. As I said, I was born in April of that year. In other words, I’m getting on a bit. Well, you do the math, as they say. But I’m doing pretty well, not all that much worse for the wear, if I may say so. This I ascribe to clean air and vegetables.
A month to the day after giving birth to me, and with the embarrassment now safely out of the way (I was enroute to India, in fact), principal photography of War in the Dark—which was the working title for The Mysterious Lady, one of my mother’s many films—began in Los Angeles. This was the first time Harriet was seen in public since she grew too large to be seen at all in December of the year before.
As an aside: I’m afraid that I can’t refer to my mother by her real name for her estate has trademarked it, and I really can’t be bothered with the legal wranglings it most likely would take to obtain the right to use it for this little tale, if tale you can call it. So instead I’ll use Harriet Brown, her alter-ego, the name she herself used on so many occasions in the (often misplaced) hope of staying out of sight. They didn’t, or couldn’t, trademark that. Besides, strange though it may seem, she was always Harriet to me.
Even though she had exercised hard and showed no evidence whatever of her recent pregnancy, no sagging or stretch marks—she was only 22 years old then, and quite resilient—she nonetheless wanted no one on the set that did not firmly belong there, just in case, and she requested that it be blocked off by a maze of black screens. This request was granted, as were most of her wishes.
She worried unduly. No one did notice, and no one ever found out.
I am mentioned nowhere, by anyone. Not by Beaton, who did know but had given Harriet his word—which he honored—that he would never reveal her secret. Not even by Miss de Acosta who, if indeed she knew—I am sure she suspected—kept me out of her rambling diaries.
Officially, I still don’t exist.
But I came to exist for her, and she for me, and when all is said and done, that is what counts.


::Shoes and News::

I got my first pair of shoes in 1942. My new school would not hear of bare feet in class, so there you have it. It was not my idea. And of course I had to go to high school, both Harriet and Jiddu insisted apparently, and what was an old useless woman to do, said Madhuri. So, newly shod, off I went to a private school near Hindupur, two dusty days from Madanapalle and my life so far, to learn how to speak English, and how to wear the damn things.
It took me four months and a lot of pleading with incarcerated toes and protesting insteps, along with many a long discussion with stiff leather and slippery soles stiffer still, to use them with even a modicum of comfort. For weeks the greatest thing on Earth, what kept me going, that shining light ahead, was that one moment, that one glorious moment when after hobbling into my room, after closing the door behind me, I could finally sit down on my bed and ease my feet out of their twin prisons. And there I would sit, on the edge of my bed, minutes without moving, watching these two sore escapees pulse with hurt and indignation. They didn’t care much for the British, did my feet—for these unreasonable English teachers who saw fit to enshoe their Indian pupils without even the fleetest of notions that Indian feet might beg to differ with their stuffy protocol.
Free at last.
Until morning, and what kept me huddled under the blanket until there simply was no putting if off any longer: the painful reintroduction of blistery feet to their dark, constricting cells.
But, as Madhuri said, everything can be mastered, even shoes apparently, and in the end I tamed them (or they tamed me, one or the other).
By spring the shoe-battle was but memory and I was free to fall in with the many books they gave me to read. And read I did. And read. Which is how I discovered I had a gift for the English language.
Another thing I discovered that spring was that I loved buildings. The grace and mystery of their rising—the British were nothing if not industrious—the alchemy of their conception and design. Seeing marble, or bricks, or plastered or wooded walls rise around the intricate skeletons of beam and balk to the beat of the architect’s score, a little every day, until one day, new and complete, and with pomp and sometimes a marching band, they almost shone with the long effort, I decided to make buildings my life. And that’s exactly what I’ve done. But now I’m getting a little ahead of myself.
At this time I still did not know who my mother was.
Over the years I had asked Madhuri often enough. Pleaded with her for an answer. Especially on those days that the question of my parentage was cruelly raised by those neighborhood boys who knew me to be motherless. But while Madhuri would do all she could to comfort me—she’d cook my favorite meals, tell me wonderful stories, teach me snake talk—she could not answer my question, for she did not know either. Jiddu refused to tell her. But, she’d add, your mother must be someone very special. Just look at your eyes. Look at your beautiful blue eyes, Nachiketa.
In the end it was Jiddu himself who told me, and this on the very day I graduated from college. This was in May of 1951 and I had just turned 23.
“You’ll be going to England now, to attend a real school,” which he said as if there was something quite the matter with Indian schools, even those run by left over Englishmen. “I’ve secured you a place at King’s College,” he said. “Oh, and by the way, Harriet Brown is your mother.”
At first—I’m sure you can imagine—I misunderstood him. Of course I did.
“Sorry,” I said. “What did you say? I must have heard you wrongly.”
“No,” he said. “You heard me just fine. Harriet Brown is your mother, is exactly what I said. And now you’ve heard it correctly, twice.”
Coming from anyone else, I could have shrugged this off as the insanity it should have been. Good joke, fine show, and all that. But this was Jiddu Krishnamurti, and the terrifying thing about hearing this from him was that my father, from what I had so far experienced, just didn’t lie. And to make matters worse, Madhuri had told me on more than one occasion: Jiddu was the most truthful person she knew. “Were my son to tell you that the moon would strike the Earth tomorrow,” she’d laugh, “I suggest you find some very solid cover.” And so I had to assume that his news, no matter how hard far-fetched, was true.

:

I had heard of her, of course. All the world had heard of her. And, yes, it would explain my pale blue eyes, the twin mystery of my dark face. Pale Eyes, that’s what they used to call me in elementary school. Motherless Pale Eyes. And had Madhuri not taught me snake talk, I am not sure I would have survived my shoeless Madanapalle school days.
Motherless Pale Eyes, son of a whore or a goat, bastard son of no mother to be found. And sometimes the larger—or richer—boys, the principal bullies, would then chase me and push me to the ground and kick me, or poke at me with sticks, once or twice even urinate on me. Motherless Pale Eyes. Get out of here. You don’t belong here. Go find your whore mother, if you have one, if she’s still alive, if she didn’t kill herself when she set eyes on you. Find yourself a she goat.
Look at Pale Eyes, crying now for his goat mother.
But I did know snake talk, and in the end, after I had reached my limit of shame and humiliation, it took only one demonstration for the word to get out.
Ganaraj, a fat boy with a very rich and much fatter father, was usually the first to goad, the first to kick, the last to leave me to my misery. One morning they found him not dead but near enough to serve my purpose, bitten not once but thrice by cobras during the night.
Such a thing had never happened before. Never, said the doctor. Three bites, and by three different snakes—different spacing between the fangs you see: here, here and here. The wonder was that Ganaraj was still alive. Well, a wonder to them. I had asked the snakes specifically not to kill, only to mark, and they had done exactly that, deep bites with only a trace of venom from each, though even that had ushered Ganaraj next door to death.
When, the following day, I brought the three perpetrators to school—well, that’s not exactly right: the cobras had agreed to come and appear with me at first recess, which they did—it grew very clear to the children what had happened. Especially after I first told the stunned little crowd I would, then did ask them to circle me three times in the dirt and leave in a straight line for the nearby brush, which they did, much to the wide-eyed and still shocked amazement of now very meek bullies and their hangers-on.
And so, word got out and I had no problems with bullies after that.
Of course, Madhuri soon put two and two together, and while she understood why I had done what I did, she did not approve. She never said anything, though, not as such, but her eyes, usually warm, turned cold and sympathetic both—if that’s a possible mix.
And so they remained—reproachful and loving, both—until she finally spoke with the perpetrators herself and learned that the cobras had indeed agreed that something had to be done about my unfair treatment at school and were only too glad to do my bidding. Not that this made her approve, but it softened her considerably, and that night she hugged me again, and read me some more of her stories.
They are a wise race, cobras. More of that later.
Ganaraj was nursed back to life, but he was never quite the same after that. There was nothing wrong physically, is what they said, but every now and then, especially when he saw me, seems he had trouble working his tongue and he would grow hard to understand. He also had some problem controlling his bladder whenever snakes were mentioned. As you may have already gathered, he never called me Pale Eyes again, and neither did anyone else. Nor was I called motherless, by anyone.
The downside of this was that I was left to myself. Even those who had been my friends, few though they were, were now afraid of me. Which left me and Madhuri, with a lot of time on our hands. “Perhaps not a bad thing,” she said. “I have a lot to teach you.”

:

So, “Oh, and by the way,” said Jiddu, “Harriet Brown is your mother.”
I still held his hand in mine. The light curtains upon which many white suns and golden moons danced in a repeating pattern swayed slowly in the open window and I could hear many people moving about outside, some talking, some laughing, some taking what sounded like tearful leave of each other. We, too (though now suddenly stranded), were in the middle of a goodbye. Jiddu was off to somewhere again, America I believe, or Japan, I could never keep track; well, I could, but chose not to. At least he had come for my graduation, that was something, but now he was off again.
He was always formal with me, always shaking hands, never embracing, just hand embracing hand.
“Sorry,” I said. “What did you say? I must have heard you wrongly.”
“No,” he said. “You heard me just fine. Harriet Brown is your mother, is exactly what I said. And now you’ve heard it correctly, twice.”
“Harriet Brown?”
“Harriet Brown.”
“The Harriet Brown.”
“Yes.”
I still held onto his hand, no longer in farewell, but for support. The curtains still moved with the breeze, still swelling with light, but everything beyond them had gone silent, as if the world outside had simply emptied, or as if everybody in it had suddenly frozen in place, holding their breath, the better to hear.
“But of course,” he went on, as if all this were well known to me, “no one knows, or must know. You have no mother, Nachiketa. Officially. You know that, of course. You cannot tell anyone.”
I didn’t know that, of course, at all, but I said yes, of course, of course.
He then, with some difficulty, let go of my hand—or rather, made my hand, which now seemed to suffer some strange rigor mortis, let go of his. And with my hand now left clutching the air, he turned and walked out.
“Take care of yourself,” he said as he reached the door, and with that quick, dark backward glance of his that I had come to dislike, he left. The door closed behind him with a light squeak and a soft click, leaving me still holding his hand, or so my hand seemed to think. Left me thinking of Harriet Brown and her blue eyes and of me and my blue eyes and of Jiddu who was leaving me to pack my books and clothes and not so many other things and travel back to Madanapalle on my own, and of me and who I was, had suddenly become, no longer motherless, though I had no mother, of course. Officially.
Three days later, safely back in Madanapalle after a blistering and a little too eventful journey, I told Madhuri. By this time Jiddu had told her as well, because she hugged me and cried and spoke to me in snake talk about how unfair the world had been to me and about how much I looked like Harriet Brown, really, if you paid no mind to my black hair (it was so black by then it was nearly blue), or my dark face, and looked at me as I would look had I been born a Scandinavian prince, which is what Madhuri said I was, wasn’t I? And would I please to take off my shoes in her house, if I didn’t mind so very much. Her house was not a Hindupur school for snobby boys, you now.
We didn’t mind so very much at all, neither me nor my feet.
And Harriet Brown was my mother. My mother. Harriet Brown was my mother. Now that Madhuri said so too, it was wholly true. Completely.
But no matter how true it was, you might as well have sat me down and told me that Devaki was my mother and that Lord Krishna and I were indeed brothers, the news could not have been stranger to me. Born to a living Hollywood Goddess. Jiddu, as my father, yes, that I could reconcile. At least he looked like me, and I knew that Madhuri was my grandmother, some things you just know. But Harriet Brown. That would take some getting used to, to put it mildly.
Scandinavian prince: pale blue eyes looked back at me from the bathroom mirror. Scandinavian eyes, perhaps, yes, but that was about all. All that made any sense.

:

Naturally, I became not a little obsessed with her. Especially once I arrived in England and could see, over and over, her many films.
Harriet Brown: my mother.
Still, there were studies to attend to, and perhaps luckily so, for they took my mind off her, sometimes for hours at a stretch. And so my days passed, and my years.
I got to go back and see Madhuri during the summer of 1953; Jiddu even paid for aeroplane tickets this time, but other than that, it seems I did nothing but study and watch Harriet movies for four years.
And yes, of course, my love for buildings grew: somewhere along the way I had decided to become an architect.


::The Christina::

It is in the summer of 1955 that I get an unexpected telephone call.
This is the summer I have just moved from Cambridge to London, where the endlessly well connected Jiddu has found me a simply wonderful flat. The weather is warm and sunny and I’m looking for work as an apprentice architect, though not too hard, not yet anyway.
Actually, Jiddu has already found me a position with the well-respected, if rather stuffy, architectural firm of Grason and Hewitt, but I have second (and third) thoughts about it. To Jiddu’s credit he seems to understand why and has given me time to look elsewhere for something more to my taste, before a final decision. I’m not looking too hard, though—Jiddu is very generous that way, and he’s given me until the fall to find something else. Meanwhile he’s paying the bills and I am not starving.
This is also the summer that the papers confirm that Harriet is no longer making pictures but lives in an apartment in New York and does not see anyone; and it is the summer when, as I said, I get this telephone call. It is from a man who introduces himself as Mr. Beaton, and who then proceeds to not so much invite me as to order me to come with him to Greece: we’re leaving in two days, he informs me, he has already purchased the tickets; someone wants to see me.
Naturally, never having heard of the man, I decline and protest that some mistake has been made, so he goes on to explain that the someone who wants to see me is Harriet, and that he is a friend of hers.

We left two days later, a Friday.

:

I had never been to Greece—only to India and England, and to America if you count the first two weeks of this curious life of mine, which I don’t. Neither had I ever set foot on a boat quite as beautiful as the Christina. I say boat. That’s the wrong word. She was a ship. She must have been over a hundred meters long. The only boat I had seen up close before this was the Andromeda, the passenger freighter which brought me from India to England and King’s College. They were both seagoing vessels by definition, the Christina and the Andromeda, but that’s pretty much where their likeness ends.
White, sleek, and, well, dangerous is the word that came to mind, she lay quite still, although testing her mooring lines—which protested by creaking—as if impatient to get away, as if insulted by being tied to the dock. All I could do was gawk at her, a child again before a wonder of the world.
Mr. Beaton, so English the moon falling down in his back yard would not have ruffled a single one of his feathers, was not as impressed, apparently, and left me to my gawking for a while to see about getting aboard, as he put it.
In my experience, there’s wealth, and then there’s wealth. And then there’s the Christina. What I had trouble reconciling, as I stood gawking on the dock, was how any one man—for Beaton had briefed me that the ship belonged to Mr. Onassis, one of the richest men in the world—could possess, privately, what surely should belong to nations. He owned many boats, Beaton had explained, the Christina just one of them. How does any one man amass such a fortune? And in one lifetime? There was no getting my wits around this, and I was still grappling with it as Mr. Beaton returned, trailing a short man who turned out to be Mr. Onassis himself, and who—much to my surprise—came at me with arms outstretched in welcome. Then he embraced me, and patted me on my back several times, fatherly: welcome, welcome, welcome, kissed me quite wetly on both cheeks (to my continued amazement), then turned and led the way up the long gangway. Mr. Beaton fell in behind him and I, still stunned—the assault of welcome more like an unexpected whirlwind than anything else—brought up the rear.
Once aboard, we were guided by Mr. Onassis through a maze of dark, oak paneled passageways to finally arrive at a light brown, highly polished door marked: Lesvos.
He knocked, then again, then entered, closing the door behind him. After a short while he returned and signaled for me to go in. I hesitated, as if for confirmation, and he nodded, yes, then stood aside and again gestured for me to enter. I finally did, alone, and I heard the door shut softly behind me.
I found myself in a large cabin—a stateroom is what they call it—with several large, rectangular portholes facing the sunlit sea. The cabin was very light, and smelled faintly of lemon. She was sitting in a low armchair, her face at first hard to perceive, an outline against the bright light of the sea behind her, but as my eyes adjusted, her features materialized, one by one.
She sat very still, looking in my direction, and did not rise to greet me.
Once I could see all of her properly, she struck me as an unfriendly woman with largish feet—I tend to notice feet, foundations.
Then, as her eyes met mine, she struck me as a very lonely woman.
Then, as she looked away, although age had made some inroads, she struck me as the most beautiful woman I had ever seen.
This was my mother.
Still, she did not greet me. Nor rise.
Instead, she said, “Let me look at you, Nachiketa.”
I said nothing.
“Turn around,” she said. “Turn around.” And she signaled with her hand the little swirl she wanted me to perform.
I performed it.
“Again,” she said.
And again.
“Who picked your clothes?” she asked.
I wore a brown suit with a blue shirt, open at the neck. Jiddu had bought them for me during my second year at Cambridge. I thought they suited me rather nicely. “Jiddu,” I said.
“Your father.” Perhaps it was a question.
So I answered, just in case, “Yes.”
“I thought he had better taste than that,” she said.
I did not know what to say to that.
“You know who I am, of course,” she said, which I thought was an arrogant thing to say.
“Yes,” I said. “I know who you are.”
“And you know that I can never be your mother.”
“But you are my mother,” I answered. “Are you not?”
“I am, yes, of course I am, but can never be,” she said.
“Officially, you mean?”
“Yes.”
“Jiddu told me.”
“He is right.”
To which, again, I had no reply.
“Tell me about your school,” she said. “What subjects are your favorites?”
“Actually,” I informed her, “I live in London now, I’m finished with school.”
“Ah, yes.”
“But I went to Cambridge. And to answer your question, my favorite subject was Architecture. Medieval Architecture, to be precise.” I found that I did not like her very much.
“Yes, yes” she said, as if I were wearing on her patience a little. “I remember. Jiddu told me. You are an architect. That is what you know, how to make buildings. You design them.”
“Not quite yet,” I said. “I am an apprentice. I am learning.”
To which she made no reply. Instead she said, “What else do you know?” which struck me as an odd question, deserving of a odd answer.
“Snakes,” I said.
Which she ignored. Then, after some apparent deliberation, she said, “Buildings are good things. They don’t fly away.”
“Ma’am?” I said.
“It’s a good career, designing buildings.”
“I agree.”
“There is much value in buildings,” she went on. “Good things to own. They stay put, buildings do. They don’t fly away. Or age.”
“I wouldn’t own the buildings,” I said. “I would only design them.”
“I know,” she said.
She looked me over again, from head to toe, then her eyes reached my face and settled on mine. Held them for quite a while. In silence. I could make nothing of her expression. Then, as if she suddenly had lost interest in me, she found and lit a cigarette with a gold Ronson lighter. She inhaled deeply, looked back at me, then asked, through a cloud of smoke, “Why such old buildings?”
“Ma’am?” I said again.
“Medieval. It means old?”
“Yes,” I said.
“Why did you study such old buildings?”
“It’s a way of—” how was I to put this, now that I realized that her English was not the best? “To me it was a way of grasping the fundamentals of the subject,” I said. “Like examining its foundation. What modern architecture is based on. The roots.”
She studied me through the smoke for a brief moment, squinted a little. Then said, “I understand.” I was glad to see that she did.
Then, before I could say anything in turn, she asked, “Snakes? What do you mean, you know snakes?”
“I grew up with them.”
“Yes, there are many snakes in India, I know that. But you said you know snakes. How can you know snakes?”
When I didn’t answer right away, she said, “What is there to know about them?”
“There’s a lot to know about them,” I said.
“Snakes are snakes,” she declared for my benefit.
“No, snakes are not snakes. There’s a lot more to them.”
She frowned.
“They are not much understood,” I said. “Much maligned.”
“Maligned?”
“Spoken badly of,” I explained.
“Well, they should be. They are horrible creatures.”
“No, ma’am, they are not.”
Again, it was as if she had not heard me. Instead of answering she said, “What else?”
“Ma’am?”
“What other things did you study?”
“Oh, Mathematics. Literature. Some Religion.”
“What sort of literature?”
“Indian, and American. And some English too.”
“You have read Hemingway?”
“Of course.”
“And Huxley?”
“No.”
“I am a friend of his.” With some pride.
Before I had a chance to reply, she continued down the list. “How about Henry James?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You have read him?”
“Yes.”
“Do you like him?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I find him boring.”
And this was the first time I heard her laugh; and the first time I glimpsed the person behind that beautiful face. “That’s because he is boring,” she said. “His sentences are far too long, and they twist and turn too much. I can never make out what he’s talking about and by the time I come to the end of one of those long slithery things I have to start all over.”
“Yes,” I agreed, “he is a little convoluted.”
“What does that mean? Convoluted?”
“Twisting too much,” I said.
“Yes, yes,” she said.
Then she said convoluted several times to herself. Looked up at me. “That’s how you say it? Convoluted?”
“Yes,” I said. “That’s how you say it.”
“It is a good word, convoluted.”
I agreed. It is a good word.
In the long silence that followed she looked down at her wristwatch, then up at a beautiful and painstakingly polished brass clock on the teak wall to the right of me, as if to confirm her initial reading. Then sighed. Whether from regret or for show, I could not quite tell.
“We’re about to sail,” she said. “You must leave now.”
When I said nothing, she added, “Cecil will take you back.”
“Back to where?” I found my voice again.
“To England,” she said.
When again my voice went missing, she realized correctly that her sudden announcement had quite stunned me, and added—and I can only assume by way of comfort—“I will send for you.”
I stood still for several more moments, not sure what to do, still surprised at the sudden dismissal. Then I took a step towards her, to shake her hand perhaps, maybe even to embrace, I’m not really sure what I had hoped. But I stopped when she did not make to rise but instead waived her right hand at me, “Tell Cecil to get you some decent clothes.”
Then she turned her face towards the nearest porthole, and made a show of surveying the glass and the sky beyond. The audience was definitely over.
Mr. Beaton and I watched the Christina pull away from the dock, happy to be untied at last, and head out into the Mediterranean. Harriet was not on deck, there was no one waving in our direction. All we saw were deck hands, busy pulling in and storing the thick lines that had tied her to the dock.
We spent the afternoon at our hotel and flew back to London the following morning. Two days later Mr. Beaton, who must have gotten word from Harriet, pulled up in a black and gray Bentley and brought me to his tailor. Time to spiff me up, he said. Harriet’s footing the bill.
His tailor was a man who fussed and mumbled a lot, but who really knew what he was doing. He measured me for what must have been an hour before letting me go. Back into the Bentley, for shirts, coats, and shoes, and a “decent umbrella,” as he put it.
Three suits were delivered a week later, and I must admit, Mr. Beaton (and his mumbling tailor) knew clothes. Spiffy indeed. I examined myself in the closet mirror. Absolutely nothing wrong with these suits. I looked rather smashing, what.
The new wardrobe also came in handy as I continued to look for positions at firms other than Grason and Hewitt. I had returned to that outfit twice, once to meet the partners and a second time to meet some of the senior architects, but each visit had left me with an ever stronger sense of mothballed and spider-webbed antiquity. G&H—which is how Jiddu referred to them when he called on the phone to see how I was getting along—was a very proper firm, and was well regarded throughout London, but I was not all that sure that buildings were actually designed there.
Although they talked about designing, and drafting, and about building permits, and structural integrity, by my—admittedly limited—observation they seemed to spend most of their days over meals with clients where no such things were discussed; instead the topics ranged from hunting to gardening to cricket to the damn rain, good for the grass though, don’t you think? No, G&H was not for me.
In August I finally found an apprentice position. It was with a small firm in Kensington called Hawkes and Rand, and was exactly what I was looking for: a place where architecture was indeed practiced. Evidenced everywhere. Every horizontal surface covered with designs, tubes of drawings littering floors and corners. Cigarettes and coffee. Laughter. Late nights. Dedication to craft. Home.
Apart from Mr. Hawkes and Mr. Rand, both of whom were still active in the firm, we were four architects, including me, the apprentice. Add to that two draftsmen and  two secretaries, and you had the lot of us.
It was a busy and productive place and you could tell that the founding partners got along well by their adjoining offices, doors often left open so they could shout to (and sometimes at) each other rather than using the telephone. I fit in well. To my surprise, Jiddu was fine with my choice, too. He’d checked them out, he said. Perhaps not the port and brandy club, but up and coming, he said. Bright people, he added.
They taught me well, Hawkes and Rand did, and I think back to that time often and fondly.
As for Harriet: I thought of her often, but she apparently did not return that favor. I did not hear from her again for over three years.


::Wit’s End::

Cecil Beaton called me at work in the early afternoon of December 18, 1958. Harriet, he informed me, wanted me to come see her in New York.
“For more than ten minutes?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he answered, ignoring, or oblivious to, my sarcasm. “I will pick you up tomorrow morning at eight,” he said. “I already have your ticket.”
“Are you coming?” I asked.
“No. But I’ve arranged for someone to meet you at the airport with a car.”
Turns out my mother had paid for, and Mr. Beaton had booked me, a first class flight to New York International Airport (which Mr. Beaton referred to as Idlewild Airport, something to do with golf he said when I asked). The flight was very pleasant.
The someone sent with a car to meet me was a man in a black uniform—so worn it was shiny in places—who held up a large sign which read Nashiketa, misspelling my name. I walked up to him and told him I was Nachiketa, and he told me his name was Jack Larson, and that Harriet had sent him. He was tall and blond and did not shake hands. Instead he asked about my luggage, and I told him I had checked one suitcase. Brown, leather. This way, he said then, and led me through to the luggage retrieval. After a while my case came tumbling down and he, expertly—he had certainly done this before—fished it out of the rapidly growing jumble of luggage, and then carried it for me to the car. He was a very polite man, if a bit on the silent side. He had brought a large blue American car, with, as it turned out, an extremely soft suspension.
And off we went.
This was my first time in America—not counting those first two weeks—and it all struck me as quite unreal, more like a very large movie set than anything else. The forests of giant billboards, one even puffing smoke to show you how delectable Lucky Strikes were (odd choice of word that, I thought, delectable), at light-up time, as they put it.
And all the cars, all these big American cars. Just like in the movies. And more billboards.
My first sight of Manhattan stunned me. It was getting towards evening when we got over that hump on the Queensboro Bridge where the Manhattan skyline suddenly springs on you, and being all lit up it struck me as the most magnificent view I had ever seen (before or since, as it turns out). Mr. Larson, who hadn’t said much during the ride, must have heard me gasp at the sight of the city, for at that point he finally turned to me and smiled, “Quite a sight, isn’t it?”
I couldn’t find words to reply with. I only nodded: yes, yes.
I recognized the Empire State Building and a few others, though I could not name them. As we drew closer, the city seemed to me something not of this earth, like a giant spacecraft recently landed, refueling perhaps, just as likely to lift at any moment, leaving behind her just so much rock at the foot of the bridge.
But then there was no more bridge and we suddenly found ourselves in the engine of things, and her ethereal beauty dissolved into noise and shadow.

:

My mother lived on the fifth floor in the building at 450 East 52nd Street they called the Campanile. It was the building—I later discovered—that Dorothy Parker had dubbed Wit’s End, which I found amusing. I didn’t know that then, of course, as we turned left on 2nd Avenue and drove down to 52nd Street. Then we turned left again and for a moment the city almost looked like London, for the street narrowed between naked trees and somber brownstones. That impression, however, took wing the moment I stepped out of the car, for then I could see, again, the towering giants beyond and above, all lit up. This was New York, could be no other place.
The elevator was small and slow. Mr. Larson—as I said, quite a large man—and I with my suitcase, used up most of the room. I could hear the elevator cable rattle and hum above me, pulling me closer. It was strange to think that she was waiting somewhere above me, getting closer and closer at about two inches a minute. How long, I wondered, was I to stay this time: a day, a week? Surely longer than last time, or Mr. Beaton would not have suggested I bring a suitcase.
Finally. The elevator shuddered a little as it came to a halt, glad to be done with the lifting.
Mr. Larson pressed the doorbell button and I heard a faint gong from deep within the apartment, almost as if from a different floor. It took quite a little while before the door opened, and there she was: Harriet Brown, my mother. She smiled. A tentative but oh, so beautiful smile. “Welcome,” she said, then stood back to let us in. I entered first. Mr. Larson, however, did not follow. Instead he shut the door softly behind me, just like Mr. Onassis had done aboard the Christina.
The hallway was well lit with a warm yellow light and she was all there for me to see, not hiding against a sunlit sea this time.
She had aged more than three years since then, that was my first impression. She has been sick recently, that was my second impression. Then—as if unsure whether she should—she made as if to embrace me, thought better of it, then changed her mind again: yes, she should. It was a tentative hug that I thought wanted to pull me closer to her but in the end didn’t. I hugged her back, as lightly, as if I too were feeling my way.
Then she stood back and smiled, like a mother this time. “Let me look at you, Nachiketa.” She did not ask me to turn around. “You look very nice,” she said.
“Thank you,” I answered.
“Here, let me take that,” she said, and reached for my suitcase. “No, please, don’t worry,” I said. That she ignored; instead she picked up the case, seemingly with little effort, and walked off down the hall with it. I followed her.
She turned right at the end of the hall and led the way down another short hallway and then right again into a smallish but very comfortable bedroom. She put my suitcase by the bed, and turned around to face me.
“Are you hungry?” she asked.
“No, thank you, I am fine,” I answered.
“Well, then,” she said, looking around the room and then back at me. “I know what it’s like to fly to New York from Europe. You are very tired. I can tell. I must leave you alone to settle in.” At that she made to leave.
A step from the door she held up and turned to me again, as if just remembering something. “The toilet and shower are in here,” she pointed to the white door on her left. “Claire has put in clean towels.” She surveyed the room again. “And clean sheets, yes, and a warm comforter,” she added, as if going down a short checklist. “Everything you need, yes?”
“I’ll be fine, I’m sure,” I said.
“Then I’ll say goodnight,” she said, and smiled. Then turned and left and I didn’t see her again until morning.

:

Although she was right—I was indeed tired—I had trouble falling asleep. I think I was too tired, and also not a little overwhelmed by the city and its many noises—I found myself inside a large, breathing engine, even if at rest at this hour—and by the knowledge that Harriet, much more like my mother this time, was expecting me to stay with her for a while. I finally did fall asleep but soon woke again to realize that it was well past eight in the morning in London. My attempts at returning to sleep proved mostly fruitless.
There was a loud knock on the door. It opened before I had a chance to respond.
“What do you eat for breakfast?” she asked. I was still in bed, and still tired. And I guess still a little stunned at where I found myself.
“I usually only drink some juice,” I managed to answered.
She entered the room and withdrew the curtains, letting the morning sun in through the window. She stood for a moment looking out towards what I later learned was the East River, then she turned to me.
“I’m sure I have some juice,” she said. “You look tired,” she added. “Did you not sleep?”
“Not very much,” I said. “I’m still on London time.”
She nodded, but said nothing in reply. Looked at me, almost smiling.
“I’ll go look for the juice,” she said and left me. She didn’t shut the door behind her.
I fell back on the pillow and looked up at the ceiling. Clean, and off-white. A beautiful lamp—Scandinavian, surely, I thought—smack in the center of the ceiling. Mathematically centered, I wagered with myself. Someone had measured it to perfection, at least to my eye. Through the open door I could hear Harriet’s voice from some distant kitchen. She was talking to someone who responded now and then. Then a blender or a juicer sprang to life, and within a minute or two Harriet returned with a tray. A glass of juice, a cup of coffee, and two or three hard little breads she said were rusks, or skorpor in Swedish, she explained. “They are very good for the digestion,” she added.
She placed the tray on the small table by my bed and sat down in a simple beech-colored armchair by the window which, in the morning light, struck me as an Alvar Aalto design. I looked again, a little harder this time.
“Is that an Aalto?” I said.
“Sure,” she answered. Pleased, I think, that I recognized it. Proud, even: either to own it, or to have a son who recognized it.
I drank my juice and replaced the glass on the tray.
“More?” she asked.
“No, thanks. I’m fine.”
The coffee smelled invigorating and my eyes went looking for the sugar, for I took it sweet. I found none. Just the coffee mug, the empty juice glass and the rusks. “You wouldn’t have any sugar?” I asked.
“It’s not good for you,” she answered. And that, as they say, was that. I have not used sugar in my hot drinks since.
I didn’t answer, but instead sipped the hot coffee, which at first tasted bitter but which mellowed with each sip. Despite, or perhaps because of, the missing sugar—or maybe it was because of the now fully awake New York City just outside—or maybe it was because my mother was sitting not eight feet away from me, not quite smiling and not quite not smiling—this struck me as an amazingly real cup of coffee, and as I said (as if to hold on to it), I’ve not sweetened my coffee since.
“You’re Jiddu’s son,” she said.
I wasn’t quite sure what to say to that. “Yes, I know,” is what finally arrived.
“No, well, yes, of course you know,” she said. “What I meant is that if anybody asks, you must be Jiddu’s son. Not mine.”
“Yes, of course,” I said. “I know.”
“I’d like you to stay for Christmas,” she said.
“That is what I had hoped to do,” I said.
“So that’s settled then,” she said.
I was taking another sip of the strong coffee, and didn’t answer immediately. “That’s good,” she said, more to herself this time, and rose.
She looked out the window. “It’s nice outside. Let’s go for a walk when you’re ready,” she said without turning.
“I’d like that,” I said.
She turned from the window to face me. “I’ll leave you to it then,” she said. “We’ll leave as soon as you’re ready.” Then she left. She closed the door this time.
From my low bed I could see nothing but sky through the window. It was light blue and looked cold. As if on cue, the radiator moaned a little as if to remind me what a good job it was doing—the room was rather warm, bordering on a little too warm. The cold sky made for an odd contrast.
I tried one of the hard, crispy things she had called skorpor and found it oddly, if plainly, tasty. Hard to eat though without getting crumbs all over.
She later showed me how you’re supposed to eat them: you dunk them in what she called saft. There’s no good English word for it, she said, and I would have to agree. Saft is not juice, it’s more like a fruit-syrup to which you add lots of water, which then colors and sweetens. And, she was right, when you dunk the rusk in this mix, and then suck the saft from it, you find the rusk very soft and tasty, and not at all crumbly. She laughed when she saw that I got the hang of it, all the while busy dunking her own rusk in the strawberry saft.
But this was my first New York morning, and I had yet to have such lessons. Which meant crumbs all over my blanket.

:

I found the kitchen and in it a lady up to her elbows (literally) in dishes, who introduced herself as Claire. “The maid,” she added with a smile. I was carrying the tray and was looking for a place to put it down. “Over there,” she said, and nodded in the direction of a counter top that looked like marble. I did, then made as if to shake hands but she held up her wet and sudsy ones and shook her head. “Forget it,” she said.
“Harriet?” I asked.
“She’s getting ready,” she answered.
“I’m Nachiketa,” I said.
“You’re Jiddu’s son,” she confirmed. Stressing Jiddu’s ever so slightly, as if to let me know that she knew the truth.
“Yes.”
“She’s talked about you a lot.”
When I didn’t answer, she added, as if in confidence, “She’s talked about little else these last few days, getting ready for your arrival. Frankly, she’s been a pest.”
I smiled, both at the news and at her wry face.
“She’s very happy you’re here,” she added. “And a little nervous I think,” with a friendly wink.
“I’m happy to be here as well,” I said for lack of something better. “And a little nervous myself, thank you.”
She was about to say something else, about to impart some advice I think, but at that point Harriet arrived and Claire returned to her dishes, her advice ungiven.
“Ready?” asked Harriet.
“Will I need a jacket?” I wondered.
“Oh, yes,” she said. “Heavens, yes.”
I had brought two jackets. Back in my room, she held them up, looked them over. Shook her head. “Perhaps they’ll keep the London winter out, but they won’t do the job here,” she said. “I’ll find you something better.”
The elevator seemed larger this morning. Well, there was no suitcase, I thought. And, of course, Harriet was nowhere near the size of Mr. Larson.
Once outside I could see my own breath, and I realized how right she had been about my London weather jackets. I may have looked a little ridiculous in one of her coats, but I was warm, and very appreciative.
My mother set out at a brisk pace, and I had to pay attention to keep up. That, however, was easier said than done. Too much to see. People, yes, in all sizes and shapes, but people I was used to from London, and from India. But not these buildings, these cars and taxis and buses, steam rising from grated manholes, doormen hailing cabs for cold tenants (stamping their feet to keep warm), these very American sights and sounds. In a strange way it was like walking underwater, submerged , making our way along the city floor. Briskly.
I could tell that many of those we met recognized her though they didn’t let on that they did. An older couple across the street, however, had stopped, and the woman was pointing at Harriet. I don’t think she noticed, or if she did she ignored it marvelously well. Others still, particularly shopkeepers, arranging their street-side wares even in this cold weather, eyed me with some interest, as if I were some unexpected addition to a routine.
We arrived at a street corner and I almost ran into her. She had stopped short at seeing something that she didn’t like. She frowned as she looked to her right up 2nd Avenue.
“Come,” she said, spun around, and took me by the arm. Then set out back down 52nd Street, walking so fast I almost had to trot to keep up. We then turned right on what I now know to be 1st Avenue and left on 51st Street, still at the same brisk pace. I was more or less jogging by now. Down Beekman Place and then right again on 50th Street, before she finally slowed down.
“Pemberton,” she said as if that explained everything.
“Who’s Pemberton?” I asked.
“He won’t leave me alone,” she said.
“Who is he?” I asked again.
“From a television company. He wants to make a program about me. Which will never happen,” she added.
I nodded that I understood.
Turns out, there was a small café at the corner of Beekman Place and 50th Street whose owner she seemed to know well. He smiled when he saw her, gave me a well-masked second glance, then showed us to a table in the corner by the window. There were only Harriet and me, and a couple, father and daughter was my guess, in the café. Harriet took off her gloves and looked back towards the owner, who came right over.
“Two coffees, please,” she said.
“And pastry, today, ma’am?” he asked. “It’s fresh out of the oven.”
“No,” she said.
I was hungry by now—all that running—and would very much have liked some toast and marmalade, but Harriet had ordered with such finality that there was no room for elaborations, besides, the owner had already left to fill our order.
The coffee arrived and Harriet reached for her purse.
“No, no,” said the owner and backed off. “My treat.”
“Nonsense,” said Harriet, then fished around for, found and snapped open her wallet. But by the time she found the right amount, the owner had already backed away and was behind his counter again.
She looked at him thoughtfully, then at me. “They will not take my money,” she said to me in not quite mock despair. “I can’t even write checks to pay my bills. People don’t cash them.”
“Why not?” I asked.
“They keep them for my autograph.”
I saw the problem and could not help laughing.
“It’s not funny,” she said.
“Oh, but it is,” I said.
She just shook her head.
“So, how do you pay your bills?” I asked.
“I write Claire a check to cover them. They will, thank God, cash her checks.”
“Ah.”
The coffee was very hot and very strong. Again I looked around for sugar. Other tables had a jar, but ours did not. I reached for the nearest one.
“Sugar is not good for you,” she said, and actually slapped my arm. Quite hard.
“Right,” I said. “Sorry. Forgot.”
I sipped my coffee and looked up and out the window. A creased and checkered curtain screened the lower part of it and all I could see were the tops of buildings and the tops of heads, and now and then a cloud of breath to accompany them. It was very cold out there, and very hot in here, sitting as we were next to the radiators.
“You are still an architect?” she wondered.
“Just about. Officially I am still an apprentice, but I do a fair bit of my own designs now.”
“You have a job? A good job, I mean?”
“Yes,” I said. “I have a good job. I work in a small London firm called Hawkes and Rand. There’s Hawkes and Rand, the founding partners, and ten others.”
“And you like what you do?”
“Oh, yes.”
“Did not Jiddu mentioned Graven something? That they would take you on.”
“Grason and Hewitt?”
“Yes, I think that’s what he said.”
“Yes, he did arrange for me to work there, and I met with them a few times. Too big, though.”
“You’re saying they wouldn’t hire you?”
“No, they would hire me all right. Jiddu has an amazing influence with these sort of people. But I did not want to turn into a small cog in a big wheel. Besides, I got the impression they were more about schmoozing than architecture.”
“Schmoozing?” she asked.
“You know, lunch at the club, sherry and cigars, what?”
She laughed, if only a snicker, at my mock English airs. Then she looked intently at her coffee for a while.
“You are happy there, where you are. Hawkes?”
“Hawkes and Rand.”
“You are happy there?”
“Yes, Harriet,” I said. “Yes, I am very happy there.”
If she noticed that this was the first time I had called her by her name, she did not let on. “Then you’ve made a very good choice.”
“I believe I have.”
“Buildings are very good things. Dependable.” Then she added, looking sternly at her cup again, as if addressing it. “Not like faces.”
“Ma’am?”
“They don’t wear out so quickly.”
“I guess they don’t,” I replied, not quite knowing what else to say.
She finished her coffee, and put on her gloves. “We have some Christmas shopping to do,” she announced.

:

The taxi ride to Macy’s was something of an experience.
He was very polite, the driver. I guess professional would be the better word, for though I could see that he recognized Harriet—and was no doubt dying to ask her for an autograph (for his son or daughter, I imagined: the perfect Christmas surprise)—he said nothing. Harriet didn’t seem to notice, and I said nothing either. However, these observations aside, the man behind the wheel was certifiable, a maniac driver. Something Harriet could not have helped noticing.
From what I could tell, he never honked his horn nor in any other way signaled his intentions to turn, swerve, brake, or to cut other cars off, to slip by, or to stop; he just went ahead and did it. I knew we were going to have an accident before we got to the Macy store, since the probability, mathematically speaking, of not having one, given the factors present, was approaching zero. Harriet, however—in light of my internal hysteria, which must have been noticeable to her—seemed unnaturally calm about the whole thing.
In the end I guess she was right to be, for somehow we did not crash or kill or crumble anything, and I learned something that day about New York City traffic: it is entirely based on the law of first come, first served, simple as that. That is the law, and this law is supreme, revered, respected and upheld, no matter what. The other car, cab, bus, motorcycle, vehicle of any sort or description—even pedestrians, who are normally spared this agony in London—will brake, or stop, or get out of the way, just in time to avoid colliding with you—or getting killed by you. Without fail. So, though by my count we should have had at least seven of them, we had no accidents on the way to Macy’s.
I did however shake, and my mouth had turned desert, by the time we finally skidded for the curb by that enormous department store entrance (and cut off a very large bus in the process, who did honk, or blare rather, but did not crush us).
When we had come to a full stop, Harriet leaned forward to get a better look at the meter. It said two dollars and twenty cents. “What’s five percent of that?” she asked me.
“Eleven cents,” I said.
“That would make it two dollars and thirty-one cents, then,” she said.
“Yes,” I said.
Meanwhile, the driver, finally admitting recognition, is telling her that he will not take her money. This is on him, his treat, he goes on. Harriet chooses not to hear, counts out two dollars and thirty-one cents, hands it to him (I noticed he touched her hand in receiving the small sum) and asks him for a receipt.
“Sure,” he says, and scribbles a small note out acknowledging the receipt of two dollars and thirty-one cents. He hands it in her direction, and is just about to blurt the question, I can tell, for he has finally worked up his courage to asking for that autograph, but Harriet doesn’t notice for she is already halfway out of the cab, leaving it to me to collect the receipt. I do, then I follow her.
My last look back at the maniac cab driver showed him regarding the money in his hand: the two dollars and thirty-one cents that Harriet Brown had personally handed to him. Money not to be spent, I thought. But to be shown, and talked about, and treasured. A sad image.
Lost on Harriet, however, who is halfway through one of the large doors before she looks back at me to make sure I’m coming. Yes, I am coming, but not at her pace.
I too head for the huge entry doors but then almost collide with an extremely large Father Christmas, complete with beard and paunch, who tells me: “watch it, buddy” none too kindly. I mumble an apology, sneak through the doors and catch up with her by the first set of escalators, where she’s decided to wait for me.
Macy’s, by the way, is an American attempt at Harrods. By no means quite as stuffy its London inspiration, but neither does it have the its class. Nor is it quite as monstrously large as Harrods, but right now it is beautifully dressed up for Christmas, if a trifle excessively.
Christmas carols descend on us quite loudly from hidden speakers in the ceilings, like some happy, but very insistent, mist. Elves run around asking shoppers if they can be of any help, and I see at least three additional Santas. The red and green and gold of garlands and tree decorations and the smell of pine from the many trees, almost assault you, well, not almost, they do. This is Christmas, buddy, and you had better believe it. But for all that, quite nice. The Holiday spirit, in spades, as they say in America.
Harriet leads us up three flights of quite speedy escalators, to the crystals and unaffordable ornaments department.
“Do you have any money?” she asks me.
“Dollars?”
“Yes.”
“No,” I said. “I haven’t exchanged my Sterling yet. Mr. Larson met me before I had the chance to. Perhaps they have an exchange service here?”
“I will give you some money,” she says.
“No, please.”
She does not hear, or ignores this, and instead comes up with several new hundred dollar bills from her wallet. “Here,” she says with a finality I was getting used to. No room for objections. I take the money. Gratefully. “Thank you.”
She returns the wallet to her handbag then looks around. The says, “I miss PUB.”
“Sorry?” I don’t quite hear. The carols are quite obtrusive, and I have to listen around them and focus on her mouth to hear her clearly.
“It’s a department store at home. In Stockholm. PUB. I used to work there, you know.”
“Ah,” I recalled, and said, “Bergstrom’s.”
She turned around and faced me squarely. “You know?” Surprised.
Suddenly I felt embarrassed, intrusive. I had read Bainbridge’s biography, and many articles about her, and her youth—all in the public record if you will—but now I felt as if I had been prying, eavesdropping on my mother’s life early life. I didn’t know how to respond. Her question was almost an accusation.
“I have read about it,” I finally said.
“You have?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Well, I miss that store. Christmas just does not smell right in this country. It’s like a perfume.”
“Yes, it is sort of gaudy,” I said. “Loud.”
“Yes,” she said. “That’s it. Loud.”
Then she took my arm as if I were an escort and not a son. As we passed a massive bulk of green tree and shiny ornaments, she said, “These Christmas trees do not belong to the same family.”
I looked at the tree, rising some twenty feet up toward the ceiling, perfumed, I swear, by gallons of Christmas, to put one and all in the spirit of things. I looked back at her, wondering what exactly she meant. She must have noticed, for she went on.
“Our trees were smaller. Perhaps a little scrawnier, but they smelled right. These,” she looked up and down the length of the Christmasy giant, “they don’t smell right. You said it, Nachiketa—too loud. And they don’t have any gingerbreads, and no saffron buns for Lucia Day. No Lucia Day for that matter. Here it’s all about buying, I think. Not so much about giving or sharing. All about buying. Loudly.”
She looked up at me—barely: standing side by side, we were almost of equal height—to see if I had heard. I had. Then we set out again, her arm hooked in mine, slowly now, past a wall of crystal vases, obscenely expensive from what I could make out. Then she continued:
“I remember Christmas as a child in Stockholm. We lived in a small apartment: it was little more than a living room, where my parents slept, and a kitchen, where my sister and I slept. Mostly it was gray, all the time gray; yes, brown and gray. Dad would sit in one corner, scribbling figures on a newspaper—we were always a little short; Mom would sit on the other side of the room, darning our socks, which always had holes in them, now and again heaving one of those big sighs of hers, for my father’s benefit, I think.
“But at Christmas, Nachiketa, at Christmas, the apartment would fill with the smell of gingerbread, with the smell of the ham roasting in the oven, covered with mustard and breadcrumbs, with the sweet smell of candy boiling on the stove.
“And the tree—you know, we didn’t get our Christmas tree in November, like they do here nowadays, we would all go out on the morning of Christmas Eve and select the best we could find, or afford, and carry it home. And it would smell just right. Fresh from the forest, from perhaps that very same morning. Not so loud. And Mom would get out the ornaments from the top shelf of the hallway closet, and then we’d all dress it together, Dad finally placing the star at the top of it, then stand back, with the rest of us, to admire our handiwork. ‘Merry Christmas,’ he’d say then, and smile.
“And then he would get out his beautiful book of Viktor Rydberg’s Tomten, and ask us all, including Mom, to sit down on the floor, at his feet. And then, like a priest almost, reading a sermon, he would read us the tale—or poem rather, it is a poem after all—of Tomten, and of his musings early Christmas morning, stopping now and then to show us the pictures that Jenny Nystrom had drawn, the illustrations. Those wonderful illustrations.” She stopped and looked at me again. Was I still with her?
Yes indeed.
Out of the corner of my eye I could see a few people stopping, one old man pointing: that’s her, that’s Harriet Brown. But Harriet didn’t notice, and not noticing she didn’t mind.
“Snow is covering the roofs and only Tomten is awake,” she said.
When I didn’t answer, she added, “That’s how the poem ends. And then Dad would close the book and we would always ask to see the pictures again. ‘Be careful,’ he’d say, meaning with the book, for it had not been inexpensive, at least not on his wages, and he always put it away safely after the holidays and didn’t take it out again until next Christmas.
“And that was wonderful, that wait was just wonderful. Imagine that, Nachiketa, waiting, I think for months, just to be able to look at those illustrations, looking forward to such a simple thing with such joy.”
“I can imagine,” I said. “Madhuri, in a way, in my life, is the same as your father.”
“Jiddu’s mother,” she said.
“Yes,” I said. “Jiddu’s mother. Every Diwali—that’s the festival of light, the Hindu New Year—Madhuri would make these wonderful, wonderful sweets called naivedya. And that was something I, and all children, began to look forward to months beforehand. And when Diwali finally arrived, and we lit the candles and placed them everywhere around the house, you knew that you would soon get to eat her naivedyas again, and for the next five days. But not at any other time of the year. I think that is what made is so precious. Just like your gingerbread. Or your illustrations.”
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, that’s it. That’s what it was. The waiting, the long waiting, and the anticipation.”
She had stopped again, and now looked around her, at the gaudy display of surplus that permeated the store. “Let’s go,” she said. “I don’t want to be here anymore. Let’s go home. We can shop tomorrow.”
I had no objections.
We found another taxi and she told the driver her address. Again, we arrived amazingly unscathed, and once we did, she again asked me to help her calculate the five percent tip, which she, again, paid to the penny in a manner, and with a precision, that could only have come from long practice.

:

Claire had lunch prepared and ready to go, and it was soon on the table, which was a good thing for by now I was very hungry indeed. The meal consisted of small potatoes boiled with dill, some carrots and peas and some spinach (good for you, Harriet pointed out), all with a delicious fried Swedish fish which Claire called Baltic herring and which Harriet called stromming and informed me, quite loudly, that Claire could never get right.
Be that as it may (and I don’t think Harriet was all that serious), it tasted very good, and I had to refrain from wolfing it down.
“You’re not a vegetarian, then?” said Harriet, observing me cutting my fish into bite-sized pieces. “I thought perhaps you were. Jiddu is.”
“Yes, I know,” I answered.
“But not you?”
“Sometimes.”
“What is a sometimes vegetarian?” she wanted to know.
I finished my mouthful and put my knife and fork down, all the while trying to come up with something that would make sense—not too easy since my eating habits didn’t make all that much sense to me either.
“A sometimes vegetarian,” I began, as if I were about to recite a poem, “is a person of Indian heritage who knows what he should eat but who does not always follow his own better judgment.” I had no idea how to continue.
“Is that what it is,” said Harriet. She sounded a little disappointed. Either that or she was making a very subtle joke. I tried to make out which of the two, but she didn’t give anything away.
“Yes, that’s pretty much what it is,” I said. “Before I came to England, back in India, I was a vegetarian. It was easy then. Madhuri was, and still is, a strict what they now have begun to call vegan. She will not eat anything that has lived, other than plants. Nor will she drink milk or eat butter. This was fine for me when I live with her. It was fine during high school, too. Many of the boys were vegetarians there, and the school kitchen cooked many strictly vegetarian dishes for lunch and dinner. For breakfast I’ve never had much more than fruit.
“But when I came to England I found that discipline much harder to practice. So I cheated now and then, and then a little bit more now and then. It’s only as of late that I’ve grown somewhat serious about returning to my roots, food-wise.” Then I quickly added, “Once I get back to England.”
“It’s good for you, no?” she asked.
“I believe that to be true,” I said.
“Claire,” said Harriet, turning. “What to you think?”
“I think you need meat and potatoes twice a day,” she answered, not entirely kidding.
“She’s a fool,” said Harriet, turning back to face me, not entirely kidding either, and I could not quite make out how deeply their mockish animosity ran.
“I need to become a vegetarian,” she said. “After the holidays,” she added. Then she rose. “Thank you Claire,” she said, “That was a very good stromming, not quite right yet, but very good. We’ll take coffee in the sitting room.”
“Ma’am,” said Claire.
Sitting down on a sofa in the large and light and warm sitting room I lasted not longer than a minute, two at the outside, before I fell asleep, the journey and the change of time zones and the lack of sleep the night before finally catching up. I didn’t wake up until two in the morning, now lying down, still dressed, but covered by a blanket.
Somehow I got on my feet and made it to my room, where I managed to undress, climb into my bed, and fall back asleep. Which is how I stayed, log-like, until the New York morning of December 21st, 1958.


::Books::

When I next opened my eyes, Harriet was already in the room, sitting in the Aalto chair looking at me. I could tell she had been there for some time, for she looked very comfortable, very settled in, her legs tucked under her, quite still, looking at me looking at her. She was smoking a cigarette, and the remnants of several others lay in an ashtray on the floor.
“About time,” she said.
“I must have been very tired,” I managed.
“Yes,” she said. “You were.”
I looked at my watch on the little bedside table: it showed ten-thirty. I looked out the window: she had parted the curtains and I saw nothing but blue sky.
“A nice morning,” I said.
She turned her head and followed my gaze into the blue sky. “Yes. It’s a very nice day,” she said. Then she stirred, unfolded her legs, put her feet on the floor and her elbows on her knees, looked back at me. “What do you want to do today?” she asked.
Something I had not had a chance to consider. “I am starving,” was all I could come up with.
“It’s Sunday,” she said, and straightened. “Claire is off. But I will try not to poison you. I will make you something nice.” Then, after a second or two of what seemed like looking for the right words, she said, “Today is the darkest day of the year. The shortest day of the year. The winter solstice. Tomorrow the day will be a little longer than today. And each day a little longer still until midsummer, when the sun doesn’t even set at home.”
“Do you, I mean in Sweden, did you celebrate the Winter Solstice?” I asked.
“No,” she answered. “Not the solstice. But I think Lucia Day, which we celebrate on the 13th of December, is a celebration of the dark. Or a cure for the dark. I remember mother telling me when I was very little that Lucia Day was the darkest day of the year, at least when she was a child. Not that I think it has changed since, she must have been wrong. But for a long time, until not so long ago in fact,  I was convinced, too, that the 13th of December was the shortest day, which it isn’t.”
“What’s Lucia Day?” I asked, quite awake now. “Who was Lucia?”
“It’s Santa Lucia. She was an Italian or Sicilian saint, burned at the stake for refusing to marry some pagan or other or something like that. But I seem to remember that no matter how hard they tried she wouldn’t burn, so in the end they had to cut her head off instead.
“To celebrate her courage and to ward off the night, we used to—they still do, at home, of course.” She hesitated for just a breath. “We used to select a pretty girl with long blond hair to be Santa Lucia and make a crown of candles for her hair, which we then lit. The rest of us—I was never picked as Lucia—would carry candles in our hands and sing hymns. All of this took place so early in the morning that the stars were still all out. And it was cold and snow covered the ground and I could see the two churches at each end of my street like looming giants on my way to school. And we had saffron buns and coffee. It was a grand time. No such thing here.”
I could see how her own description had transported her back to her childhood and I waited for her to return.
When she finally looked back at me, I asked, “You don’t celebrate Lucia Day here?”
“Who would be Lucia?” she asked. “Not me, I was never selected, and my hair isn’t nearly blond enough.”
“Wouldn’t Santa Lucia, if she was from Sicily, have dark hair,” I suggested, logically.
She looked at me as if I had put my foot somewhere it had no business being put.
“Lucias are blond,” she said and that was final.
I wasn’t about to argue.
Then she stood up and stretched. “You’re starving,” she said. “I’ll see what I can fix you.”

:

She made me crispy thin pancakes which she served with cloudberry preserves and whipped cream. It was one of the finest breakfasts I have ever had, and I said so.
“Hidden talent of mine,” she said, smiling. “Please don’t tell Claire, she’d have me cook my own food if she knew.”
By the time I had finished that wonderful breakfast—Harriet only had a cup of coffee and some skorpor, which she dipped in her coffee with some relish—the sky outside the dining room window had grayed and darkened, and quickly at that. Massive clouds were racing to cover what blue patches were left: a job they had finished a minute or two later. Thoroughly.
Out of nowhere. Was this an American thing? Back in England the weather gave good and proper notice: this is where I’m heading; same in India, where there were always signs. Not here.
“That was quick,” I said.
She didn’t quite understand.
“The sky,” I said, and glanced back out the window.
She did too. And nodded. “It does that here.” Then added, “They say on the radio we should have snow by this evening. And just in time for Christmas.”
“I’m not much for snow,” I said.
“A Christmas without snow is not a Christmas at all,” she said. “I had so many Christmases in California that were nothing but sunshine and palm trees.” She frowned at the memory. “And parties. And shopping.” Still frowning.
“I so longed for the dark and dreary of Stockholm then, crisp snow on the ground, the church bells ringing for Christmas Morning service. That’s Christmas. This, this other holiday out in California is, is, I don’t know what it is.”
She took a long look at me. Then looked down at her hands by her cup of coffee. She drew breath to say something, but didn’t. Then she tried again, it was as if what she wanted to say needed a running start.
“When we first met. On the boat. On the Christina. I was very nervous. Could you tell.?”
“No. No, not really. I thought you were cool as a cucumber.”
“A cucumber?”
“It’s an expression.”
“You mean cold, don’t you, not cool.”
“Well, yes, to be honest. And no. I guess both.”
“I am sorry, Nachiketa. I am. As you know, I’m not good at being a mother. You can forgive me?”
“I forgave you when you welcomed me with a hug this time.”
She smiled at that, a happy girl. “Good,” she said. “That’s settled then. Friends?”
“Why, of course.”

:

She cleared the table and put the dishes in the sink for Claire to do the next day. “I want to show you my books,” she said, “then we must get some shopping done.”
Her living room—she called it her sitting room—was large and light, with many windows. It had plenty of room for bookshelves—in fact, it had a nicely built-in set of shelves by one of the windows, and below another—but they were empty of books, as was the rest of the room.
“A sitting room is for sitting,” she explained. “I read in my bedroom. So that’s where I keep my books. Besides, it’s nobody’s business what I read.”
She led me down a wide hallway to her bedroom. She entered first, then took me by the hand when I, by some inbred instinct hesitated, and led me through the door.
I gaped. I’m pretty sure I did. Should have, in any event. Library or bedroom? Good question. This was definitely where she kept her books. To be sure, one wall was so much mirror and closet, but of the remaining three, one was floor to ceiling shelves and the other two housed three large bookcases between them. Harriet looked pleased at my reaction, a little proud I think.
“My private crypt,” she announced with a little flourish. “Here is where I keep my dead friends.”
“That’s a bit macabre.”
“Well, it’s true. Pretty much, no?”
The thing about this library—about the books that filled these many shelves—was that they had been read, and yes, from what I now know, they had all been read by her. My mother had a lot of time on her hands, and she refused to buy a television. So she read.
I scanned the backs of her many dead friends. There was Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass and other collected poems. It looked like she had all of Emily Bronte’s novels, along with a set of Hemingways. I pulled out a nice copy of The Great Gatsby.
“Have to confess, I never finished that one,” she said from very close to me. “Just couldn’t make out what he was getting at.”
She had a nice collection of Conrad’s stories, and I pulled out a beat-up paperback of The Heart of Darkness. This one had been read all the way through, and more than once.
“Do you know,” she said, “that he didn’t speak a word of English until he went to sea in his late teens, or it may have been early twenties, I don’t remember which.”
“No,” I said, surprised. “I thought he was English.” Someone in college had told me that he found Conrad boring; and that, for me, meant he was English. He had said it several times: boring, boring, boring—I don’t remember the occasion, just that boring was very thoroughly the word—and it stuck with me as one of those opinions you form without looking for yourself, and they have a tendency to stick. As a result I never sought Conrad out, nor did I actually read him. Besides, in college I was somewhat partial to American writers.
“Polish,” she informed me. “He was born Konrad Korsinovski or something like that. I know I’ve got Konrad, that’s Konrad with a K, right but I could never quite figure out his last name. Later, when he became a writer, I guess, he changed his name to Joseph Conrad, that’s Conrad with a C.”
I replaced The Heart of Darkness and pulled out another Conrad: a leather-bound and much read copy of The Condition of Art. A collection of essays and comments, said the subtitle.
“What amazes me,” said Harriet, “is that you actually can learn another language, a language other than the one you’re born into. And learn it well enough to write in it. To shine in it. For this man shines.”
“I’m still amazed that he wasn’t English,” I said, and that was true.
“He must have known English before,” she said. “Earlier.”
I looked at her, “Earlier?”
“In an earlier life,” she said.
I watched her face closely to see if she was putting me on. She was not. “Yes,” I said then, “Yes. That could very well be.”
Then I looked back at the book I held. The title made such a bold promise that I had to open it. It fell open at the principal essay, and its much-read, and underlined, opening.
“Read it,” she said.
“This?” I said, showing where the book had opened.
“Yes. Aloud.”
I looked at her again; she was serious in her request. So I read:

A work that aspires, however humbly, to the condition of art should carry its justification in every line. And art itself may be defined as a single-minded attempt to render the highest kind of justice to the visible universe, by bringing to light the truth, manifold and one, underlying its every aspect. It is an attempt to find in its forms, in its colors, in its lights, in its shadows, in the aspects of matter and in the facts of life, what of each is fundamental, what is enduring and essential—their one illuminating and convincing quality—the very truth of their existence.

Quite a statement. I made a mental note to find and buy the book when I got home to London.
“I wish I had read that when I was a girl, before I decided to become an actress,” she said. “Then I would never have pursued it.”
“Why on Earth not?”
“Art, as Conrad says, should be enduring and essential. You tell me, Nachiketa, what is there that is enduring and essential in a face?”
It was a rhetorical question.
“Nothing,” she said after a brief while. “Nothing.” Then she looked away, out the window and up at the sky, a famous profile. “Nothing,” she said again, to the sky. Then by a force of will that struck me as tangible, she gathered herself back to my side, and smiled. A tentative smile to be sure, but a smile nonetheless. My mother was nothing if not a strong woman.
I smiled back.
“I’m not sure it was a decision,” she said. “Not a conscious Now I will sort of a decision. It was more like a dream, always present: an always dream. A wish. All I ever wished for. And it came so horribly, horribly true.”
I was quite taken aback by her intensity, but I did understand. At least I felt I did. I did not, however, know what to answer, so I said nothing.
“Conrad’s long gone,” she said into my silence. “He’s nothing but bones now. But the beauty of what he wrote remains. It is still alive, unscarred. That’s the lesson. That’s what I have to live with.”
I read the opening passage again, silently this time, and I shivered. Yes, I must not forget to find this book when I returned to London. Conrad was someone I would have to read, and in earnest. I replaced the book, almost reverently.
Goethe’s The Sorrows of Young Werther was lying on its side, and leaning against the end of the shelf, Heine’s Book of Songs and The Harz Journey kept each other company.
“Now, there’s one who speaks his mind,” she said.
“Heine?”
“Yes. Have you read him?”
“Yes. A little. He’s a card.”
“A card?”
“Yes. Means he’s a character, a witty and somewhat eccentric character.”
“How does that become a card?”
Now, I actually knew the answer to that. “It was Arnold Bennett’s doing. Where he got it from I don’t know, but he wrote a novel called The Card. That title referred to the main character—Edward Henry, if I’m not mistaken—who turned out to be an odd and loveable character. A real card, in other words. And I guess it stuck.”
“A card?” she said again, more to herself this time. “Perhaps it’s only an English expression?”
“I don’t know, possibly. Bennett was certainly English.”
“But you like Heine, and you think he’s a card?”
“Yes ma’am,” I said and smiled.
She had a nicely bound collection of Sappho’s poems, one of only a handful of books bound in leather (Conrad’s Condition of Art being another). From what I could tell, the bulk of her library consisted of hardbacks and paperbacks, mostly second-hand.
She followed my eyes.
“Did you know that Plato called her the tenth muse?”
“Yes,” I said. “I did know that.”
“Amazing woman,” she said.
She had an old Encyclopaedia Britannica. A 1911 Handy Edition in very nice condition. “Isn’t this encyclopedia a bit out of date?” I wondered.
“I know what’s happened to me since I was born,” she said. “I’m interested in what happened to me before I was born.”
“That’s a curious choice of words,” I said.
“Well, I don’t think I began in Stockholm in 1905, do you?”
“No, I don’t think so either,” I said, which was true.
“Well, I’m like you there,” she said. “I believe in reincarnation. The only thing that makes any sense.”
I nodded my agreement, for her thoughts paralleled mine.
A large volume, Swedish, said Troll on its spine. I pulled it out.
“Trolls?” I asked.
“Oh, yes,” she said. “It’s mainly pictures. You should look at them.”
The book was large and heavy, and I looked for somewhere to sit. She noticed and said, “Here, please,” and moved a couple of pillows out of a green armchair. I sat down, sank down—the chair was very plush—while she remained standing beside me, a guide at the ready.
The first picture was of three huge and one smaller troll surrounding a fairy princess. She’s all light and they are darkness personified. “John Bauer,” she said. “The best troll painter I know.”
“They’re amazing,” I said.
“I love trolls,” she said. “They are so ugly, they are absolutely free.”
Although I heard what she said, I didn’t stop looking at the picture long enough to make sense of what she meant. But her words lingered while I flipped through to the next picture, also by John Bauer: a huge troll, an amazing nose. “They’re not ugly ugly though,” I said. It wasn’t quite what I meant to say, but then I hit on it. “They’re not evil ugly.”
“No,” she said. “Most trolls are not evil. They’re mischievous, yes, and they’ll run off with your children tucked under their arms sometimes. They may even boil and eat them on occasion, but they are not really evil. Not evil ugly, no. Not ugly ugly, as you said. Free ugly. That’s what they are.”
There it was again. What did free have to do with ugly? I looked up at her. She must have seen the question on my face, for she stepped away from the chair and walked over to the window.
As if addressing the sky she said, “Can you imagine what it’s like?”
When I didn’t answer she said it again, and again to the sky. “Can you imagine what it’s like? To walk into a room full of people you have never met and see, quite clearly, that because you arrive—that because you and your famous face arrive—every man in the room has now changed, instantly; and not for the better?”
I looked at her, but did not, still could not, answer. She was still facing the sky.
“People who only a moment before—while you are still outside that door, still unseen by them—may have been laughers, talkers, sharers, lovers, suddenly become gawkers, gapers, whisperers, starers, fawners, grovelers, droolers, flatterers.”
I drew breath. To protest, I guess, but she continued before any sound reached my lips.
“I once read an article which said that there are many phenomena that are impossible to truly observe because the act of observing them alters them, so what the observer sees is not what is there when nobody’s looking, only what is there when someone is looking.
“As an adult, I have yet to observe real people. I have yet to see how they behave in a Harriet-less world. I have yet to observe the world as it is without me, for whenever I look, whenever I arrive, the world changes from what it was just a moment ago, its real self, into something else: in the presence of Harriet Brown. Can you understand that, Nachiketa?”
Whatever my protest might have been, it was too feeble to resurrect, because I did see, I did understand my mother’s dilemma.
“Yes,” I said. “I do understand.”
She did not turn around. Her shoulders fell a little as she steadied herself on the window sill.
The book of trolls felt heavy in my lap.
“And trolls,” I began.
“And trolls,” she said as she turned around, “are ugly, are free to come and go, are free to look and see, are free to be. They will never harm with their beauty.”
Her eyes glistened a little, as if with tears—or it could have been a trick of the light.


::Christmas::

And there was snow. Lots of it. Just as Harriet had predicted: by the evening of the 21st, the winter solstice, snow had started to fall, and had kept on falling. Through the night, all through the following day, and well into the morning of the 23rd.
We had finally made it out in the afternoon of that, the shortest day of the year, and had, again, found shopping in full swing, Sunday or not. Actually, Harriet informed me, stores are not supposed to be open on Sundays, but this is America, she said, where commerce is everything, some sort of holy thing, a deity. I wondered why she lived here if she objected so much, but I didn’t ask.
The following day, despite the weather, I had then gone shopping on my own to get Harriet something I had thought of. It took me the better part of the day, and many phone calls from one store to the next, to track it down, but there is apparently the saying that you can find anything you wish for in New York City, and I found that saying to be true.
I had it wrapped very nicely, thank you.
On my way back to Harriet’s apartment that afternoon from I’m not exactly sure where—it was an antique book shop on a low numbered street in the Greenwich Village district somewhere—I saw quite a few stranded cars, held captive by the snow, and even an abandoned bus, a frustrated white whale. My taxi driver cursed the snow almost incessantly on our way uptown, but we did make it there in the end. Harriet was relieved, I could tell, that I was back and that I was fine.

:

Now, while the city was digging itself out, I was to discover that Christmas Eve is not the day before Christmas for Swedes, it is Christmas.
Claire had been and gone. She had come early and had got everything ready for our dinner before rushing off to take care of her own—husband and children somewhere in Brooklyn, from what Harriet later told me.
As I entered the living room, still surfacing, I found Harriet waiting for me, but the moment she saw me she rose, saying something to herself that I missed, and vanished in the direction of the kitchen. “Just be a minute,” she tossed back at me over her shoulder. “Sit down.”
When she returned she brought a tray with hot chocolate. With whipped cream. She handed me a large cup on a matching saucer.
“Quick,” she said. “Before it forms a skin.”
I was about to ask her what she meant when the phone rang. It was a loud, almost alien noise that rended the cozy atmosphere of the apartment. At first I wasn’t even sure what the noise was, I had not heard it ring before. Then it rang again. I looked around. Found it. Sitting on a small table in the hallway, black and yelling. And a third time. Harriet was staying put, faced hardened, not answering.
There was not a fourth ring. Instead there was a brief sort of leftover silence where the fourth ring should have been, if that makes any sense. Harriet looked at me, about to say something, when it rang again. And again.
“Would you answer?” she said in the end.
“Of course.”
“I am not in,” she added quickly.
“Sure.”
I picked up the heavy receiver. “Hello.”
There was no immediate answer. Then, “Is Harriet there?” A woman’s voice. Not American.
“Who is this?” I said.
“Mercedes,” answered the non-American voice. Then asked, “Is Harriet there?”
“No,” I said. “She’s out.”
“In this weather?”
I didn’t answer.
“Please,” she began, then hesitated, then seemed to make up her mind. “Please tell her that Mercedes called to wish her a Merry Christmas.”
“Yes, ma’am,” I said. “I will.”
Without another word she hung up, and I too replaced the receiver.
“Mercedes?” said Harriet.
“Yes,” I said, surprised that she knew.
“She will not leave me alone,” she said.
“She wished you a Merry Christmas.”
Harriet nodded, but didn’t answer.
“Now we’ll have some glogg,” she said.
Glogg is a spicy wine mixture that you drink hot. The day we had gone shopping she had ordered the ingredients—almonds, raisins, cardamom, cloves, cinnamon, ginger root, brandy, port, and lord knows what else—from the local market, and they had delivered everything, along with a mountain of other Christmas food, the next day.
I must have looked mystified, for she said, “Glogg. It is our Swedish Christmas wine.”
“Ah, yes.” I remembered. She had told me about it in the market, while reading out the ingredients from her list, and checking each as the smiling proprietor yes, yes, and yes’ed.
Whatever else glogg is, it is not for the meek. At least not my mother’s version of it. To demonstrate alcohol content Harriet set a match to the finished hot mixture and the surface instantly caught fire and burned with a blue and white and here and there green flickering flame, a thin sheet of colorful movement.
“And you drink this,” I said.
“Ah, it’s not that bad.”
She used a ladle to scoop me a glassful of the stuff, and I must admit, once in the glass it looked a lot less dangerous and it smelled deliciously of spicy warmth. She ladled herself a glass and said, “Skol, and God Jul.” We touched glasses and drank.
You could feel the stuff make its way down your throat and into your stomach. And not painfully. Very nice, in fact. I had a second sip and she said, “Not so bad, right?”
“No,” I said, “not so bad at all.”
We brought our now refilled glasses of glogg back into the sitting room.
“Now,” she announced, a little louder than normal, “we do the tree.”
Tree was perhaps a misnomer. It was a small Douglas spruce that Claire had brought that morning. Only five or so feet, if that, but it smelled quite nice. Claire had also found a proper stand and filled it with water. The tree looked happy enough nestled into the corner between two windows.
Harriet put her glass down and vanished for a while. While she was gone the phone rang again. I answered.
“Is Harriet back yet?” Mercedes again. The voice was hard to mistake.
“No,” I answered.
There was a pregnant silence at the other end. “I had planned to come over, surprise her,” she said finally.
“She is not here,” I said.
Harriet arrived, arms full of ornaments and festoons, frowning at the phone.
“When will she be back?” asked Mercedes.
“I don’t know.”
“Will she be back today?”
“I don’t know.”
“What do you know?” she said, to which I said nothing: the English way of dealing with rude remarks.
“If she’s there, please tell her I called,” she said, and hung up.
“Mercedes again.” said Harriet. Not a question.
“Yes,” I said.
Then Harriet did something I have only seen done in movies. She carefully put the armful of ornaments down on the sitting room floor and came over to where I stood, still holding the receiver, wondering at the intent expression on her face. She crouched by the edge of the little table and crabbed the telephone cord tightly with both her hands and in one swift motion ripped it right out from the wall with a little explosion of plaster and paint. “That should take care of that.”
“Yes,” I had to admit, “that should.” And replaced the receiver atop the now neutered telephone.
“Now we do the tree,” said Harriet.

Two generous glogg refills and some wonderful ham sandwiches later (which, by the way, she blanketed by a strong Swedish mustard—hot and sweet both, almost Indian), we sat down by the decorated tree, pleasantly stuffed, groaning a little, and warmed by the wine. Evening had crept up on us and with it fresh snow: large flakes swirling down, illuminated momentarily by the window’s light before they continued on down, out of sight, to make more work for the city cleaners. And to think that tomorrow was Christmas Day. Would anyone mind impassable streets? I thought not.
Harriet was telling me about Stockholm again, about her childhood holidays, white, cold and joyous. She seemed content.
We exchanged presents. She had bought me a wonderful fur jacket, warm enough for Amundsen’s South Pole trek it seemed, but that was exactly what I needed, at least here in New York.
I had bought her a pair of soft skin gloves, lined and warm, and she tried them on, held them up to the light, turned her hand this way and that and proclaimed that they were perfect.
I, too, received gloves, and I too proclaimed them to be perfect.
Then she ran out of presents to give me. To make sure, she looked around as if perhaps she had misplaced one of them, no she had not—which seemed to disappoint her a little. But I had one left to give her.
“Back in a tick,” I said and rose, with some difficulty—as I said, her glogg was not for the meek. Once in my bedroom I retrieved the nicely wrapped package from my suitcase, where I had hidden it.
“Here,” I said on my return. “Merry Christmas.”
She took the package and turned it over twice. Squeezed it. Shook it. Frowned. “Hard,” she said. “One thing. A book, no?”
“Open it.”
She did, and then she started to cry.
“Oh, Nachiketa,” she said. “How could you remember? How could you even find—?” Her voice trailed off as she opened it, then closed it right away. Looked at me with glittering eyes. “You found it,” she said.
I smiled, very happy that I had thought of it, and happier still that I had found it.
“It’s the very book,” she said. “The very very book. The book dad used to hide so carefully. How could you have found it?”
“Luck,” I said. Which was true. That, and that New York saying.
The illustrated poem by Viktor Rydberg was protected by a transparent, plastic covering which Harriet now removed. Then she put her nose to and smelled first the dustcover, then some of the individual pages. “The same smell even,” she said, and closed the book. She dried her eyes with the sleeve of her shirt.
“I must read it to you,” she said, “I must read it to you and try to translate. It is such a beautiful story.”


::The Poem::

She opened the book, looked over the first page for a little while, then began:

Tomten
Midvinternattens köld är hård
stjärnorna gnistra och glimma 
Alla sova i enslig gård
djupt under midnattstimma
Månen vandrar sin tysta ban
snön lyser vit på fur och gran
snön lyser vit på taken
Endast tomten är vaken

She read the first Swedish verse to me in a clear, almost frosty voice. I am not lying when I say I could almost hear those distant forests shift and move among her words. Perhaps the glogg had something to do with it, perhaps illuminating things, but hearing her read, that evening, in that strange language they speak so close to the North Pole, was magical. I must have glowed with the experience.
She however, still looking at the page, was frowning.
“My lord,” she said. “This is not going to be easy. My English is not good.”
She looked up at me to make sure, the way she did now and then, that I was with her.
“Tomten,” She said. “A tomte is a gnome, but Tomten is also the name of the poem, so I think we should leave it alone.”
I nodded. Yes, let’s leave Tomten the way it is. No need to translate.
“Well, that part was easy. Tomten,” she said again, then continued, “The cold of the midwinter’s night is hard. The stars . . . , the stars, what is gnistra,” she said more to herself. “I have to get my dictionary,” she said to me.
She carefully put the book down, then rose and stretched. “Be right back.”
She returned with a largish, gray book, which translated both ways as she put it, and sat down.
“Gnistra,” she said, “Let’s see. Sparkle, it says. Or Gleam. The stars sparkle and glitter? Now, that doesn’t sound right, does it?”
I said nothing.
“The stars . . . ,” she began. Then started over, “The stars glitter and gleam. That’s better. Yes. The stars glitter and gleam. That sounds more like a poem, does it not?”
I said nothing, just glowed.
She looked up at me, smiled, and then read:

Tomten
The cold of the midwinter’s night is hard
The stars glitter and gleam
All are asleep on the distant farm

Here she stopped and said, “I am not going to try to make it rhyme. I just want to tell you what it says, what we heard when Father read it to us.”
I nodded. “That’s fine.”
“Good,” she said, and began again.

Tomten
The cold . . . or chill . . .

And stopped. “It really should be The cold, but chill sounds better,” she said. “Don’t you agree?”
“The cold of the midwinter’s night is hard,” I said. Then compared it on my own tongue: “The chill of the midwinter’s night is hard.”
“I agree,” I said then. “Chill is better.”
“Good.” Then she looked down at the book, which was rather thick for being a single poem, even if amply illustrated. “This is going to take all night,” she said.
“We have all night,” I answered and smiled.
“That’s true,” she said, and smiled back at me: a child now, with her Christmas book. She started again.

Tomten
The chill of midwinter’s night is hard
The stars glitter and gleam
All are asleep on the distant farm
Deeply at midnight’s hour
The moon travels his silent path
The snow lies white on pine and spruce
The snow lies white on the roofs
Only Tomten is awake

“Does it make any sense?” she asked.
“Oh, lots,” I said. “It is beautiful. You’re doing fine.”
“It’s not me,” she said. “I’m only telling.”
“Telling?”
“Telling you the way Father told us.”
“And I am you,” I said.
“Yes, and you are me.”
She continued, first in Swedish—to sip, to taste it:
 
Står där så grå vid ladgårdsdörr
grå mot den vita driva
tittar, som många vintrar förr
upp emot månens skiva
tittar mot skogen, där gran och fur
drar kring gården sin dunkla mur
grubblar, fast ej det lär båta
över en underlig gåta.

“Boy,” she said. “It doesn’t get any easier”

There he stands all gray by the door to the barn
Gray against the white drifts of snow
And looks, like so many winters before
Up towards the disk of the moon
Then he looks to the forest, where pine and spruce
Encircle the farm with its somber wall
And ponders, without much luck
an old, strange riddle

“Dunkla should really be dark,” she said. “But I think he, Rydberg, means it more like dyster, which means somber. That’s the feeling I get.”
“The feeling,” she said again, to herself.
I didn’t say a thing. She was wonderful to behold, absorbed by the telling.

För sin hand genom skägg och hår
skakar huvud och hätta
“nej, den gåtan är alltför svår, 
nej, jag gissar ej detta”
slår, som han plägar, inom kort
slika spörjande tankar bort
går att ordna och pyssla
går att sköta sin syssla

He pulls his beard and touches his hair
shakes his head and his . . .

“Bonnet?” she says. “Bonnet?” She looks up from the dictionary. “They say that hätta is bonnet. Well, let me tell you, Tomten never wore a bonnet. He wore a cap. This dictionary has it all wrong. Let me start again.”

He pulls his beard and then his hair
He shakes his head and cap
“No, this riddle is much too hard
I cannot guess it”
Then, as always
He dismisses his wondering thoughts
and goes off to make his rounds
goes off to do his chores 

“That wasn’t very good,” she said. “But do you get the picture?”
“Oh, yes,” I said. “I do.”
“Good,” she said. And continued.

Går till visthus och redskapshus
känner på alla låsen
korna drömma vid månens ljus
sommardrömmar i båsen
glömsk av sele och pisk och töm
Pålle i stallet har ock en dröm
krubban han lutar över
fylls av doftande klöver

He goes to the storehouse and then to the tool shed
He makes sure that all is secure
The cows dream in the moonlight
summer dreams in their stalls
Forgetting harness and whip and rein
Pålle, the horse, has a dream as well
The crib he leans over
is filled with fragrant clover

“Ah, the poor thing,” she said. “Dreaming about food. And I rhymed,” she suddenly realized, and laughed.
I was no longer sure whether the person I saw, sitting on the floor, book open in her lap, was the little girl from Stockholm or her grownup, New York counterpart. Could easily have been either.
“Actually,” she added. “Rydberg doesn’t say Pålle, the horse, he just says Pålle. But how are you to know that Pålle is a horse? Only a Swede would know that. At home, you see, just about all horses are called Pålle. It’s almost like in Swedish Pålle is another word for horse. I added the horse for you. Still sounds okay, though, no?”
“Sounds wonderful,” I said.
“I need some more glogg,” she said. “What about you?”
“Please.”
She stirred to get up, but I said, “Please, let me get it.”
The glogg was still simmering on the lowest flame, and smelled of what I have always thought of as Christmas since.
“Here you go,” I said.
She took the glass, took a sip, said “Aaah,” smiled at me and continued.

Går till stängslet för lamm och får
ser, hur de sova där inne
går till hönsen, där tuppen står
stolt på sin högsta pinne
Karo i hundbots halm mår gott
vaknar och viftar svansen smått
Karo sin tomte känner
de äro goda vänner

He walks to the pen for the lamb and sheep
sees them sleeping in there
goes to the chicken, where the rooster stands
proud on the highest pin

“Wait, I can make it rhyme here, too” she said, and giggled a little. She took another small sip of the glogg and started again. “I’ll do this verse from the beginning,” she looked up at me, not quite asking for permission.
I just smiled. She brushed the hair out of her eyes, and started over.

He walks to the pen for lamb and sheep
sees them sleeping within
goes to the chicken, where the rooster stands
proud upon highest pin
Karo enjoys the doghouse straw
wakes and wags his tail a little
Karo knows his tomte
they are very good friends

“Well, at least the second and fourth lines rhyme,” she said.
I agreed, and she went on.

Tomten smyger sig sist att se
husbondfolket det kära
länge och väl han märkt, att de
hålla hans flit i ära
barnens kammar han sen på tå
nalkas att se de söta små
ingen må det förtycka
det är hans största lycka

At last he steals to check on
the dear master and mistress
for he has long noticed that they
honor his hard work
then he tiptoes to the children’s bedroom
draws near to see the sweet little ones
no one must threaten them
they are his greatest joy

Without looking up, she takes another little swallow of glogg, and continues.

Så har han sett dem, far och son
ren genom många leder
slumra som barn; men varifrån
kommo de väl hit neder?
Släkte följde på släkte snart
blomstrade, åldrades, gick—men vart?
Gåtan, som icke låter
gissa sig, kom så åter!

He has seen them, father and son
for many generations now
sleep like children, but from where
do they descend here?
One generation after the other
flowered, aged, and departed, but back to where?
The riddle which does allow
itself to be guessed returns

“Oh, can’t you just see him?” she said. “Poor thing, he cannot figure us out.”
“The riddle which doesn’t allow itself to be guessed,” I said.
“Yes,” she said. Then looked briefly up at the tree, warm with lights and silvery festoons, then out into the now dark and snowy night. Then back to that other winter, so long ago:

Tomten vandrar till ladans loft
där har han bo och fäste
högt på skullen i höets doft
nära vid svalans näste
nu är väl svalans boning tom
men till våren med blad och blom
kommer hon nog tillbaka
följd av sin näpna maka

Tomten then returns to the barn loft
where since long he has settled
under the roof in the fragrant hay
close by the swallow’s nest
empty now of course
but come  spring, with leaf and flower
she’ll return
with her sweet husband

“Yes, that’s what he says. Sweet husband.” And then, as if to prove it, she turned the book my way so I could see the illustrations for myself—not that Jenny Nystrom had drawn any sweet swallowy husbands to corroborate—“Followed by her sweet husband, he says. I always thought of swallows being males with wives, not females with husbands. Not that it matters, of course.”
I didn’t get a chance to reply, for she had lowered herself into the book again.

Då har hon alltid att kvittra om
månget ett färdeminne
intet likväl om gåtan, som
rör sig i tomtens sinne
Genom en springa i ladans vägg
lyser månen på gubbens skägg
strimman på skägget blänker
tomten grubblar och tänker

Then she always has a lot to chirp about
many a travel memory
but nothing about the riddle
that still stirs in Tomten’s mind
Through a crack in the barn wall
the moon shines on the old one’s beard
the streak on the beard glimmers
while Tomten ponders and thinks

Then, without hesitation, transported:

Tyst är skogen och nejden all
livet där ute är fruset
blott från fjärran av forsens fall
höres helt sakta bruset
Tomten lyssnar och, halvt i dröm
tycker sig höra tidens ström
undrar, varthän den skall fara
undrar, var källan må vara

The forest and fields are quiet
life out there is frozen
although, from far away
you can her the slow rumble of a waterfall
Tomten listens, and half adream
seems to hear the stream of time
wonders where it goes
wonders where it begins

“Adream,” she said. As if tasting it. “Is that a word?”
“I don’t know.”
“Adream,” she said again. “It should be a word.”
“It is now,” I said.
“So I made it, didn’t I?”
“Yes.”
“Does it make sense?”
“Absolutely.”

Midvinternattens köld är hård
stjärnorna gnistra och glimma
Alla sova i enslig gård
gott intill morgontimma
Månen sänker sin tysta ban
snön lyser vit på fur och gran
snön lyser vit på taken
Endast tomten är vaken

The frost of the midwinter’s night is hard
the stars glitter and gleam
All are asleep on the distant farm
deep till the morning hour
The moon sinks in his silent path
the snow glows white on pine and spruce
the snow glows white upon the roofs
Only Tomten is awake

Again, her eyes glistened as she closed the book. And again, she wiped them with her shirt sleeve.
“Frost,” she said. Then she opened the book again and looked at the first verse. “Yes, it should be frost. Frost is better than chill.”
“Harriet,” I said. “You should have been a poet.”
She didn’t answer.
“Tomten listens, and half adream seems to hear the stream of time,” I said, “that is a beautiful rendition. Is that how he wrote it?”
She opened the book again, and found it, “What he says is . . . is Tomten listens, and half in a dream, thinks that he hears the stream of time.”
“Half adream,” I said. “It is the right word, and you’ve made it. I know exactly what you mean by it, and I’d venture it is exactly what Rydberg meant as well. It takes a poet to translate poetry, you know.”
“You’d venture?”
“It means propose, or offer as a guess,” I explained.
Suddenly she looked sad, and quite tired. “I wish,” she said. “I really wish I had chosen a different life for myself. That I hadn’t wished everything so hard.”
She took me in, solemnly. “To them I was never an actress, you know. Never, no, not really. I was a face. Only a face. A face that sometimes could act, if they were lucky. A face. Always a face.”
I was about to protest, but she waved me silent with her hand, not unkindly.
“Always a face, Nachiketa. Salvador Dali—you know him of course?”
“Yes,” I said.
“Well, he was right when he told me, had the nerve, or courage, to tell me, that he didn’t want to paint me because there was no one there to paint. I got furious with him at the time, of course I did, but he was very perceptive, and right. There was just the face. I was never allowed, or expected, to be more than a face. That is what everyone wanted of me, everyone. Mayer, the boss, and William with his perfect lighting, and the public, always that paying public. They wanted only the face. Always the face. And Nachiketa, when your art is your face, when your life has become your face—something time will, and does, tarnish and dismantle with every passing second—then your are doomed.”
She fell silent and so was I.
After several heartbeats I suggested, not that I wanted to give her the impression I agreed, “But why not write, then? You are a poet, you really are.”
“Don’t think I haven’t thought about it,” she said and took me in again. A long silent look, as if unsure whether to go on, afraid to perhaps; I couldn’t tell. “I’ve tried, believe me. But I am no Conrad. And now, here, I find myself in the terrible place of not knowing English nearly well enough to do a job I could be proud of, and of not knowing Swedish well enough anymore. I’ve forgotten too much of it, all those important words. I’m caught midair between two languages, drifting. Rudderless,” she added, as if to underscore her dilemma.
“Are you really being fair to yourself?”
“It’s not a question of fair, Nachiketa. It’s a question of being honest. I cannot be dishonest, not with myself. I am too close to the consequences and I’ll not blind myself just for comfort.”
She took the book from her knee and placed in on the carpet. She then reached over and took my hand. “I’ve grown old with my face, Nachiketa. But with you here, now, and with Tomten, I’ve grown young again. No longer my face, no longer this awful commodity that’s not me at all.”
I felt her strong squeeze and returned it.
Then she let go and stirred and said, “What’s this gloom? Let’s have some more glogg.” And with that she was up and on her way to the kitchen with both our glasses.
“What do you want to do tomorrow?” she asked when she returned.
“I don’t know,” I said. “Sleep in?”
“No, no,” she said, shaking her head. “One can’t sleep in on Christmas day. It’s just not done. For one, there’s the early service.”
She handed me my glass, and sat down again, crossed her legs, arranged her skirt. “We call it julotta. It’s six in the morning. When just the stars and Tomten are out. And it’s cold, and the snow crackles under your feet as we trot off to church. And it’s always full, too. The church is. Sometimes you have to stand. Even so, you always go to julottan. That’s part of Christmas.”
“They have that here?” I asked.
“You can find anything in New York,” she said. “Even a julotta.” With that she rose again and disappeared into her bedroom. Soon returned with the paper. “Let’s see,” she said, and began perusing the classifieds.
We found a service at the Gustavus Adolphus Swedish Lutheran Church on 22nd Street, and yes, she was right, it was scheduled for six in the morning. Did I want to go? Well, she asked in a way that didn’t leave a second option.
“Sure,” I said.
“We’d better get some sleep then,” she not so much suggested as proclaimed.
I looked at my watch. It was well past midnight. “Yes,” I said. “Would not be a bad idea.”
“I’ll wake you at four,” she said, as she bent down to collect our glasses and the book of Rydberg’s poem. She was not leaving it on the floor.
“At four?”
“I doubt we’ll find any taxicabs at that time. We may have to walk.”
Interesting prospect.
“Good night, Nachiketa,” she said. “And thanks for your wonderful gifts.” Then holding up Tomten, “Especially this.”
“You’re welcome. And thanks, and good night to you too.”
On the way to my room I heard her place our glasses by the sink in the kitchen, then, from just outside her bedroom, her voice, one last time, “God Jul.”
It made its way down her hallway, round a corner and down mine. A faceless Swedish greeting.
When I didn’t answer right away, this followed: “It means Merry Christmas.”
“Merry Christmas,” I answered, and not long after that I was sound asleep.


::Snow::

At four-thirty that Christmas morning, the doorman, muttering that there would be no cabs out at this hour—especially not today—nevertheless went through the motions of hailing us one; but, of course, he was right: there was nothing to be had at this hour, not on this day of all days.
Also, he informed us, all the streets were heavy with snow. Undrivable, was the word he used, twice, then a third time—to himself—as if to prove it. Should have ordered one the day before, he suggested, with a plow. Don’t worry, Harriet told him, we’ll find something. Oh, I doubt that, he replied, to which she said nothing, just left, me trailing, still surfacing—a little off center from the glogg and not enough sleep. The first breath of frosty air did much to bring me around.
Into the frozen predawn. The wind had died down and the snow had stopped falling too. The stars were out in a pitch black sky, forming a brilliant and glittering roof to the giant buildings that loomed around us like dark sentinels, only the occasional lit window—embers of parties, I thought—relieving their gloomy presence.
It was bitterly cold, but fortunately my new jacket was up to the challenge.
The wind had cleared the sidewalk of all but the last inch or so of new snow, but had formed tall drifts against the cars parked on the other side of the street, some even reaching their roofs.
“Stop,” she said suddenly. “Listen.” She took another step. “Listen. Hear that? That’s what we call knastra at home. It means crackle. Do you hear the crackle when I step down?” She took another step, slowly.
Yes, I heard it: her foot, as it came down, pressing snow into crackly protest.
I then tried it myself, a deliberate step, and yes, the snow was so cold that it crackled when you stepped down on it.
“That’s the way it should be,” she said. “We finally have a proper Christmas.” All alive. She certainly was more awake than I was. The image of a girl returned to me.
She took a few more steps, listening to each one, then stopped and looked up. She turned, looking for something in the sky, but didn’t seem to find it. Too many buildings in the way, I thought. “Come,” she said.
She set off toward the river. At the end of the block she surveyed the sky again, and now she found what she was looking for. “There,” she said, and pointed. “Look. There. Orion.”
I looked up in the direction she pointed into the spangled eastern sky and recognized the sword. “You rarely see Orion in Stockholm,” she said. “We’re too far north for him.”
“He’s a friend and protector of Indian children,” I said, and as I spoke I could see my own breath escape in dark little clouds against the stars. I took him in: Orion, barely clear of the eastern horizon, majestic; and I recalled one of many tales Madhuri used to tell me at night. “His sword is strong and can sever the strongest chains, even Time itself, the strongest chain of all.”
Harriet watched me watch Orion, then turned again towards the proud hunter, son of Poseidon. “He’s a friend of Swedish children, too, though he rarely visits.”
There we stood, quite still, at the very end of 52nd street, gazing at Orion. No hint of morning anywhere. “Ingen dager synes än, stjärnorna på himmelen de blänka,” she said, or sang, to herself.
I recognized the Swedish. “What does that mean?”
“It’s a line from one of our Christmas songs and says: There’s no hint of morning, the stars twinkle in the sky. It’s about this farm hand who is up very early on Christmas day to see to his horses. Everybody knows the song.”
And she began to sing softly.

Staffan var en stalledräng.
Vi tackom nu så gärna.
Han vattna’ sina fålar fem,
Allt för den ljusa stjärna.
Ingen dager synes än,
Stjärnorna på himmelen de blänka.

She sang with a surprisingly light voice, not as deep or husky as when she spoke. The image of a girl returned. And her breath, too, formed clouds as she sang, that rose darkly against the stars. Then she fell silent, still looking skyward. And for a moment the world consisted only of stars, my mother and the cold morning.
“We’d better get going,” she said suddenly. “Did you see any cabs?”
I think she was joking, but I answered her anyway. “No.”
“I much doubt we’ll find one.”
Then she turned and walked back up 52nd Street towards 1st Avenue. I quickly caught up, then looked around me as we made our way through the crackly snow. I saw no one else.
At the corner of 1st Avenue, I got the odd feeling that someone was turning out the lights—one by one or thousand by thousand—and when I looked up I saw clouds gathering again, obscuring the stars, not quite done snowing perhaps. I looked back toward the river, where the sky was still clear and starry.
1st Avenue was as abandoned as 52nd Street. No sign of life on the street and only the occasional flicker of candle in a window here and there. The light sprang on in a third story window, quite brightly, very awake. Other Swedes, perhaps. Early risers too for the Christmas morning service. But that was it. No cabs, no busses, no engines. Nor sounds of any kind. No one moving about. And everything covered with snow, even the street lamps wore thick white hats.
We turned left on 1st Avenue and now began walking in earnest, Harriet, much used to this, setting a brisk pace. The snow was deeper here, maybe as much as a foot. Harriet, familiar with the city and its weather, wore boots and didn’t seem to notice or mind. I, on the other hand, the opposite of familiar with the place, had only shoes to wear, and I did mind, for snow was already making its way into my shoes, where it quickly melted to cold, uncomfortable water. I slipped behind Harriet and tried to step in her footsteps to keep out as much of the snow as possible. It didn’t help much. Then the sidewalk suddenly cleared again of all but the most recent snow, traces of a fickle wind, to the delight of my feet.
We arrived at 51st Street, looked both ways: not a soul. A little more snow here, perhaps: it covered both sidewalks by a foot or two for as far as we could see. The cars, in white mostly past their wheels, seemed abandoned and forlorn. And cold.
“Can we make it there on time, walking?” I asked. Hopeful I’m not sure of what reply. A change of plans perhaps. The cold was getting to me, especially to my Indian feet, which did not like the melting snow and which were now thinking about going numb.
“Sure,” she said. “It can’t be more than a couple of miles. If that.” And set out again.
A couple of miles. I may have nodded, but I said nothing. Instead I focused on ignoring my increasingly offended Indian feet, as I trotted along after her.
The darkening overhead reached me again, and I looked up. No stars at all now, only the black of thick clouds. As we crossed 50th Street I looked to my left towards the East River, and now that sky was starless too, smothered. A storm. And a fast one. It had covered the sky in minutes.
“Harriet,” I said.
She didn’t hear me.
“Harriet.” A little louder.
“Yes.” She turned her head, if not all the way, at least in my direction, the better to hear.
“I think it’s going to start snowing again.”
“That’s fine. Let it.”
Not the response I had hoped for.
Ahead, and a little to our left, the UN building rose into the darkness like a tomb, stunted now by the lowering sky. A black rising. I could see no lights anywhere in that splendid building, which I found odd. Shouldn’t there be at least caretaker personnel,  guards and such, lights somewhere? Night watchman in the lobby?
“That’s odd,” said Harriet, as if she had been struck by the same thought. But she had not. She was not even looking at the UN building; she was looking up at the street sign.
“What?” I took two quick steps to pull up beside her.
“This should be East 49th Street, but it’s not. It’s, it’s, can you make it out?”
As I looked up at the sign and tired to make it out, the first flake fell, chased by a million million others—a cloud of white locusts rushing down to crush us. I almost ducked. I may in fact have. Then I focused again on the street sign and managed to make it out: “It looks like Saraganda,” I said. “Saraganda Street.”
“I’ve never heard of Saraganda street,” she said. “Are you sure?”
I looked again, and she did too, but the snow, suddenly everywhere—falling, shifting, rushing—made it hard to see. “Yes,” I said as I managed to catch another glimpse, “Saraganda Street.”
She made it out as well. “You’re right,” she said. “How strange.”
Then she took my arm and nestled up, a little cold perhaps, or maybe even a little afraid—the pressure of her hand spoke of tension—and we continued down 1st Avenue, leaning into the snow a little, heavier now with a fresh wind. There were no cabs. There were no buses. No cars. Nobody. Now there was only snow. And us.
After two more blocks we stopped. Not so much to catch our breath as to catch our bearings. The UN building should be just up ahead, but you could make nothing out now through the black whiteness.
We leaned into the wind again and made it one more block. This should be East 46th Street, but something told me it wasn’t. We stopped again and she put her head close to mine and said, quite loudly to be heard over the wind that was getting stronger, and over the muffling effect of a million million flakes. “I can’t see the UN building. Can you?”
I looked where she pointed, to where it should be, just to our left, but could make out nothing. No UN building. I could see the shapes of other buildings, lower, black, unfamiliar, unfriendly, silent sentries enduring the snow, but not the famous contour of the UN Plaza. “No,” I yelled back.
“It should be right here,” she said again, still pointing. “Right here.” She turned and looked all around her. Full circle. Then pointed to her left again, “Right there.”
Indeed. I looked again toward where the landmark building should have been, but instead caught a street sign. Clearly. Vaguely illuminated. As if it wanted to be seen, despite the snow.
And it said: 20th Avenue.
“Look,” I said, pointing.
She looked up and read it too. “20th Avenue? There’s no such thing,” she said, or at least that is what I thought she said. She grasped my arm a little tighter.
“I don’t know,” I said, which was true.
“No,” she said. “If there were a 20th Avenue it would be somewhere in New Jersey, or in the middle of the Hudson.”
She looked back at where the UN Plaza should be. “I can’t see it,” she said again. “It should be right here.”
Again I sought the familiar outline through the dark and swirling air. Hints of buildings, yes, but that was it.
“Are you sure,” I said. “There’s something there, but nothing like the UN building.”
“I’ve walked down 1st Avenue a thousand times,” she said. “This should be East 46th Street, and the UN is right here.”
But it wasn’t.
She gripped my arm harder and set out again. We made it perhaps another half a block, then simply had to stop. The snow was coming down even harder, and now made it impossible to see anything. It was as if we had vanished into some white underwater.
Harriet shuddered. The ripple leaped from her arm to mine and it sang of concern.
“Do you have any idea where we are?” she shouted into my ear.
Had this been London, perhaps, I might have been of some help. But not here. “No,” I said. “I’m afraid not.”
She faced me, only six inches away, if that, her eyes still, straining to see me. “This is crazy,” she said. “Crazy.” She turned again to look, or tried to anyway. Then shook her head and looked back at me. “I have no idea what’s going on. Do you?”
“No.”
She took two steps in I’m not sure which direction and brought me with her, then stopped again. One spot, in this amazing onslaught of snow, was as good as the next; there was no longer any difference between them. She looked around, and tried, like me, I guess, to find something to cling to, something familiar, but the bottom of a white ocean is just that: the bottom of a white ocean. It’s directionless, building-less. Unreal.
There were just her and me and the snow, which still came down as if some angry weather god was determined to empty the sky upon us.
And then there was the white horse.
Where he had come from is impossible to say; all I can say is that there he was, huge and white and friendly.
He must have been running, for his breath stood like a little storm around his large, warm face, and his chest was still heaving hard with the effort of lungs. As he lowered his head toward us I saw his black eyes glinting with the faint light of street lamps, and perhaps another, deeper light too. His eyes were intelligent, inviting, and regarding us with interest. And while there was no rational way that he could even be there, I think both Harriet and I thought the same thing: he had been looking for us, running for us, to find and to fetch us lest we die here, buried in the worst snowstorm in this city’s history, in a New York where we could no longer recognize the streets.
Then he kneeled. Kneeled all the way down like horses cannot or will not do for anyone, and Harriet—knowing now, as well as I did, why he was here—managed, with a little help from me, to climb aboard. I followed, with a little help from her, and then the horse rose again. Slowly, effortlessly, smoothly. As if we weighed nothing. Just so much snow on his back.
He was very large, like a little planet with a mane. Harriet buried her hands and head in the long white hair and I embraced her waist to keep myself from falling. Then we were off.
The horse knew where he was going, that was clear. And if his task was to get us there, our task was to curl down as closely to him as possible to brace ourselves against the wall of snow we now flew through. Was there still street under his hoofs? I don’t know. I tried to but could not hear them strike pavement. This could have been for all the snow, and probably was, but it could also have been because he never touched it. When I look back, I lean toward the latter.
Either way, he moved very fast, and I hung on for dear life. The wind sang in my ears, a speedy song mixed with the snorts of large and hard-working nostrils. Despite this, or perhaps because of this, I could, strangely, hear my heart, something no longer quite mine, beating its way out of my chest. It was beating so hard, in fact, that I feared I would hurt Harriet’s back with its violent pounding. She, however, was too busy holding on herself to notice or care; or perhaps she had similar heart problems of her own, afraid to hurt the horse’s back with its beating.
Then, after I have no clear idea how long, but it was minutes, not hours, surely, we arrived: out of the flurry and blinding snow and into a clearing of warm, yellow street light. To the sidewalk in front a church. Yes, it was a church, you I could it see just fine. In fact, looking up, I could make out the thin, tall spire, pointing up, up, up very insistently into a sky where, again, a star or two now looked back at us. The snow had stopped, and with the first hoof on the broad steps up to the heavy brown doors (which I heard quite clearly, by the way), the doors suddenly swung open and light, warmer still, fell out upon us and for a moment nearly blinded me.


::Theater::

“Whoa, who goes there?” said a deep, not friendly voice.
A tall, gray-haired man stepped out on the landing, white with new snow, yellow now with light from what turned out to be a thousand candles.
“Ah, so it is you, Phantom,” he said to the horse. “You’ve kept us waiting, and you’ve kept us wondering.” Then he saw us, looking up at him from the bottom of the steps. Took me in, then Harriet, then me again. With interest. “And what have you brought us this fine morning?”
The horse, quite at home apparently, gently ascended the broad steps up to the man, who patted his head in welcome. Phantom—if that was his name, it surely was an apt one—snorted in reply, and then, as gently, proceeded into the church. I heard the soft thunder of heavy wood falling back into place behind us, and the clank of large locks. Halfway down the aisle the horse stopped, snorted again—as if to say this is as far as we go—then kneeled again, both front and back (horses just don’t do that) to let us off.
I slid down first, and then Harriet—whom I prepared to catch but whom the tall man, brushing me aside, caught and helped instead.
“Welcome,” he said, mainly to Harriet. “And just in time for our play.”

:

The inside of the church was much larger than it had any right to be, judging by the outside which only told of a small chapel with a high spire.
It was warm, and it glowed as if lit by a thousand candles. When I looked again, closer this time, I realized that it indeed was lit by a thousand candles. At least. Candles everywhere.
And people, filling every pew, spilling into the aisles, sitting down in the center aisle, standing along the walls. A thousand faces, perhaps one for each candle, old and young, a thousand men and women and, yes, many children, each turned in our direction, each curious, each expectant, anticipating. Large-eyed. Smiling some, serious others. None welcoming.
Harriet looked around her as well, then took my arm, but said nothing, still taking in the place. I think we noticed it at the same time: quite out of place, at the end of the center aisle, or rather, occupying the very end of it, was a large stage, about four feet high, a hundred or so feet wide, and perhaps fifty feet deep: empty as yet. I could see the boards and planks holding it up: it seemed quite well constructed.
Our host—that was my initial impression of him, and it proved pretty much correct—stood by while we got our bearings, then said, again, and in the same dark, decidedly not friendly voice, “Welcome.”
We both turned to him.
“Welcome to the den of thieves,” he said.
The den if thieves?
I looked around me again, at the thousand faces looking at us. The den of thieves?
“Why, thank you,” said Harriet.
He held out his hand, and Harriet took it. “Pearly Soames is the name. Head thief and principal scoundrel. Legally and democratically appointed. Fair and square.”
Some chuckled at that. Lots of shifting about in the pews, the better to hear. More chuckles. Then someone very close and to the right of me, tossed a “Fair, my foot,” in our direction, loud enough not to me missed.
“Fair and square,” said Soames again, loudly this time. More chuckles. Ripples of laughter.
Then he looked at the horse, which seemed both whiter and larger than before, “And this,” he said, and patted his large white head again, then found some sugar cubes in his pocket and fed them to him. “This is Phantom, my pride and joy.” Then added, loudly, making sure he was heard throughout, “Best transportation in all of New York.”
This brought more chuckles. Though I didn’t see the joke, I could tell there was one in there somewhere.
“Well, I’m glad,” said Harriet, who seemed to have gathered her wits quickly, and adapted to the odd surroundings. “We’re still in New York, then. I must confess I was worried for a while.”
“Yes, ma’am,” said Soames. “New York City, the greatest city on Earth.”
“And this is the Gustavus Adolphus Church?” she asked.
“This is a church,” he answered. “But that is not the name.”
Harriet looked over at me. We’re in the wrong place. Then back at Soames.
“Which church is this?”
“This is the Church of Saint John the Baptist,” he answered.
Harriet looked back at me. Had I ever heard of such a church? I hadn’t.
“The Church of Saint John the Baptist?” she said.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You wouldn’t know where is the Gustavus Adolphus Church?” she asked him.
“No, ma’am. Afraid not.”
“Well, thank you,” I said, finally finding my manners. “Or thank you,” I said to the horse, “for finding us and bringing us here to safety. That was an amazing storm out there.”
Pearly Soames smiled. Not kindly. “The pleasure is all ours,” he said. “We are the grateful ones.” Then added, “And I’m not sure about safety.”
“What do you mean?” said Harriet. Looked from him to me then back to him.
“What do I mean?” he said. Then, louder, and apparently more for the benefit of the congregation than for us, “Whatever do I mean?”
This brought more chuckles from the pews and more shifting in seats.
“Well, how can I put this?” Then he fell silent, as if deliberating, or looking for words. I got the strong feeling, however—no, it was a certainty—that this was all for show, deliberately played by Mr. Soames for the benefit of the gathering.
“Well,” he said again. “You set out looking for Christmas Mass, did you not?”
“Yes,” said Harriet. “How did you know?”
“This is such a one,” he said, ignoring her question.
“Fine,” she said. “So we are in the right place. When does it start?”
“But,” he went on as if she had not spoken, “as Christmas Masses go, this is not yours, this is ours.”
Harriet did not understand, and neither did I. But what I did grasp was the subtle movements of large men which resulted in sentries by all exits; the sense was that of a sealing.
“Welcome,” he said again, and again for the benefit of the congregation, not ours. “Welcome to the beheading.” Then he bowed deeply and with flair, at your service.
“Beheading?” I said. “What do you mean?”
“Whose beheading?” said Harriet, who seemed to take him at his word, or had decided to play along, I could not tell which.
“Ah, yes, that is our little problem this fine morning,” said Soames. “You see, our mighty steed Phantom here normally brings only the one guest for the show, and now he’s gone and brought us two. Our little play calls for only the one head to roll, the one head of Saint John the Baptist, our Lord and Savior. But now he’s gone and brought us two heads.”
“You don’t really mean beheading?” she said. “As in cutting someone’s head off?” Still playing along, or perhaps not.
“Beheading, sweetheart.” He mock-sliced his own head off with a finger. “Chop, chop. With a sword.”
“You’re not serious?”
“I’m afraid so.”
“And that is why your horse found us? And brought us?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And the storm?” She said, suddenly apprehensive.
“I don’t know about any storm,” said Soames. “Hasn’t been much storming around here. Storms uptown, does it?” More chuckles, shiftings, expectations.
Harriet didn’t answer, but looked at me, uneasy. Scared, I think.
Seemed my mouth must have realized the danger I was in before the rest of me did, for it had gone parched, and I had trouble swallowing. The sight of many flames and the smell of melting tallow, warm and cozy only moments ago, had turned oppressive; and my eyes, curious and impressed surveyors until now, were suddenly alarmed and very awake informants.
Things around me were suddenly very three-dimensional, with an emotional depth that added a fourth. The expectation, the anticipation, had turned visible, and as palpable as an extra dimension, and in that depth I could see, quite clearly, that I would not live to see sun again. This man Soames was not joking, that was a fact, and his flock knew it. The gathering was too eager, too tuned to me, and my head.
My head. Of course my head. John the Baptist was a man, and suddenly I was dead sure that the play called for a head, a man’s head.
I was a man.
With a head.
Then I heard myself saying—it was some part of me I had assembled at King’s College—“Perhaps you should send him out again, this Phantom of yours, to see if he can get the count right this time.” It was not a suggestion, no not really, just words, I think, to see if I still could produce coherent noises. British ones.
“Not funny, mister,” said Soames with a slow glance in my direction. Cold eyes, now, heavy eyelids. Aware. Awake. Calculating. Then, “Come now.” And with that he set out for the stage at the end of the aisle, and Harriet and I, after a not so gentle prod by one of two large men—guards, I thought—followed.
I looked around me as I walked—well, my feet did the walking, I’m not so sure I participated. I took in the movements, the candles, the faces. More arriving.
For although full—and sealed, the sentries were still in place—the church seemed to be filling up still. Other, unseen ways in, apparently, with no ways out. Lots of shifting about in the pews, shuffling, rustling, sounds of people moving closer to each other to make room for friends and family. Still, no doors opened or closed. Then, as we reached the stage, the movements seemed to settle. What remained was the rustle of anticipation before the show: I could almost hear the orchestra tuning up. But there was no orchestra, nor was there a conductor or a pit. Still, this was a tuning up, a beginning, of something.
“Nachiketa.”
That was my name, whispered, or spoken, I wasn’t sure which. I turned to Harriet, who looked at me with still, uneasy eyes. Then they left my face and looked past me, up at the stage, alarmed. I turned and followed her gaze. Two men in dark gray workmen’s overalls had made their way onto it, climbed up from the side most likely, and others were now handing them pieces of props: boards, frames, what looked like bars, colored screens, from below, and soon—with amazing speed and skill, or was I losing all sense of time?—they had built a prison cell in one of the corners.
A man dressed only in a loincloth, with long brown hair and a very hairy chest, so hairy it made him he look more like ape than man to me, climbed onto the stage and took up his place inside the cell. One of the workmen, now stripped of the overalls and suddenly a guard, closed and locked the gate, which made just the right noise—as if the cell, quickly built from paper and wood, suddenly had turned real and steel.
“Nachiketa,” again. She tugged at my arm.
I turned to her. “Yes.”
“Do you . . . ,” she began, but then she looked past me again, in surprise. I turned back toward the stage, to catch the same surprise: three scantily clad women and two men dressed as snake charmers—so outfitted and so tanned and beardy and turbany as to seem the genuine article—had climbed onto the stage, each of the men carrying a large wicker basket containing what I immediately recognized as bickering cobras.
There was no doubt. From where I stood—not more than ten or so feet from the baskets once the men had put them down—I could make out their muttering, their murmur, their indignation, snake to snake, to be cramped, four snakes to a basket, for the entertainment of these odd people. Still, it’s a living, what’s a snake to do in this cold, cold city. Yes, yes, agreement all around. And they do feed us well, yes, yes, no denying that. And no shortage of rats in this place, millions and millions of them. All the rats one could want. Yes, yes, beats working for a living, ha, ha. But even so, damned cramped in here and stop shoving, will you? Sorry, what do you want me to do, get out? A few snaky snickers, then more bickering. Cobras, all right.
The charmers carried flutes as well—which they mastered—and soon their airy music filled the church while preparations for the play proper continued behind this, what must be the warm-up show.
The scantily clad women, who really were nothing but tall girls, were amazing dancers. Not sensual, not in the least, but aesthetic, weaving across the stage like water rippled by the music, fingers, arms, waists, thighs, knees, feet, all part of the constant flow, the weaving; and here came the first cobra, and the second, and the third, each sliding out of its cage and onto the stage and up to and now rising among the girls, swaying to the rhythm of this fine music and these fine legs, and soon there were eight snakes, each a beauty—some older and some taller than the others, but each as fine a cobra as I had ever seen—and six legs, each a beauty, forming a small forest of dance, behind which no further preparations took place, for the preparers had stopped to watch as well, the mock prisoner included, each swaying to this airy, leggy, snaky rhythm.
And the rhythm spread, a ripple across the lake of congregation, spread through the church and all its thieves, who now swayed in unison, as if hypnotized, to the dance. Even Harriet swayed; I did as well. But then I would, for I knew the snake dance and I had never seen finer.
As the dance was winding down, I realized that preparations for the play must have resumed at some point, for now the stage held not only a prison, and a cell, but also a courtyard with a rectangular, low-walled water well; an early Roman dining room with doors and large windows opening onto a blue and beautiful outside sky; and people milling about—tens, hundreds, hard to tell—in a town square over to the far right, the stage suddenly impossibly large.
As the snakes rippled back into their baskets, the bickering resumed. Hey, quit shoving will you, make room, here I come, good job tonight, by the way, thanks, you too, why thanks, I’m starving, you said it, I could do with a rat or two, watch where you’re going will you.
Once the snakes had all settled, the charmers tucked their flutes into deep pockets, picked up the baskets and set out after the young girls, who were now climbing off the stage by a short ladder a little to our left.
Once off stage, the two baskets of snakes were placed somewhere beneath it and not too far from were I was standing, for I could still make out the bickering back and forth, though barely.
Suddenly the rustle and shifting and susurrus of expectation ceased and the church went very still. The reason was:
A small boy with long, dark, curly hair, dressed in a single sheet with a braided belt, and with a scroll in his hand, was making his way across the stage toward front and center. I had the feeling that the play proper was about to begin. The boy looked very serious, very intent, and quite aware of the importance of his arrival. A magisterial approach. Acted well.
Once arrived, he halted and surveyed the congregation for a moment. Imperially. Then, slowly unfolding the scroll, he began to read in a loud and clear, quite beautiful voice:
“After the Baptism of his disciple, Jesus of Nazareth, our Lord Saint John the Baptist was thrown into prison by Herod Antipas, the Tetrarch of Galilee.”
At this point another boy, of the same general appearance, though blond, and with not a scroll but a large placard in his hands, arrived. He took up station about six feet to the left of the scroll reader. On the side facing the congregation the placard read, in big black letters, Parenthetical Notes. This boy, too, surveyed the congregation briefly, then read (I assume from the other side of the placard), in a voice similarly loud and clear, if not quite as stunning, his first parenthetical note:
“After the death of Herod the Great, the Romans divided Palestine into four parts, each to be ruled by a Roman henchman. Herod Antipas was appointed the ruler of Galilee by the Roman emperor Augustus.”
This for some reason brought wild applause and a not a few cheers from a small section to the left—startling both me and Harriet, but not Soames, apparently. The boy’s relatives perhaps.
The scroll boy, satisfied that the parenthetical interjection was complete, resumed reading from his scroll:
“The True Prophet of God, our Lord and Savior Saint John the Baptist, had openly denounced Herod for having abandoned his lawful wife, the fair daughter of Aretas, the Arabian king, and for unlawfully cohabiting with Herodias, his brother’s wife.”
Then turned in expectation to the parenthetical boy. Who read:
“His brother’s name was Philip.”
At this moment the church was stabbed into sudden darkness by the simultaneous extinction of a thousand candles (in uncanny coordination), which darkness was almost immediately stabbed in turn by a single spotlight on a wonderful, very tall, dark woman standing by one of the dining room windows watching the sky, and a rider approaching from the hills beyond. The rider arrived, far sooner than he should have from such a distance, quickly dismounted and rushed over to the door, which he then flung open in one elegant, exaggerated, silent movie flourish. The tall woman swooned, also very silent movie-like, and the rider rushed into her arms.
Another spotlight. Two, actually: one highlighting the scroll boy, from somewhere in front and above, while another, smaller and from behind, lit the scroll.
“Oh, Herod,” read the boy. “My darling.”
The couple kissed. A silent movie kiss.
“Oh, Herodias,” read the boy, “My darling.”
They kissed again. Another silent movie kiss.
Into black, except for the lit scroll, as the boy continued his narrative:
“On his birthday, Herod gave a banquet for his nobles, dignitaries and officers. Salome, Herodias’ young daughter, danced before the guests and she greatly pleased Herod. In gratitude to the maiden, Herod loudly proclaimed to one and all, the maiden included, that for this wonderful dance he would give her whatever she asked, even unto one half of his kingdom.”
Now the scroll light too went out and the church went pitch dark. Lots of onstage activity, all in this near-complete blackness. How could they see what they were doing?
Light erupted. We’re at a banquet. Nobles, dignitaries and officers. Salome, the lovely Herodias’ daughter, front and center, nudging the scroll boy to move aside, give her some room for crying out loud, which he did, albeit reluctantly—this was his spot. Then she began to dance. And this dance was sensual.
Herod, the rider, now sitting at the head of a table, Herodias by his side, grinned from ear to ear. His hair was slipping, though, and he had to adjust his wig several times during the dance. Still, he managed to look very pleased, very taken with the dance.
Salome finished her more or less erotic performance to a raucous ovation. The male thieves—the presumably unwed ones—having a great time. Liked this. Catcalls, shrill whistles, cheers, until Soames had had enough.
“Enough,” he said loudly, and things simmered down.
Salome withdrew a little and the scroll boy resumed his rightful place with a “so there!” look at Salome, who, although taller and quite mature, seemed to be about his age, could have been his sister. She turned to Herod. Curtsied, bowed.
A spotlight on Herod now, who rose, but did not speak—none spoke but the scroll boy. He did move his lips though, and I could not shake the silent movie image.
“That was wonderful, Salome. Spiffing,” read the boy.
Herod looked at the boy, surprised. Then at Soames.
“Stick to the script,” yelled Soames.
The boy blushed, then set out to comply:
“That was wonderful, Salome. Wonderful. A finer dance I have never seen, nor a finer dancer. To show my gratitude and appreciation I shall give you anything you ask, up to and including—but not exceeding—half of my kingdom.”
Salome curtsied again, deeply, and withdrew farther.
Into black. Pitch. Ten heartbeats, perhaps.
Lights on.
The scroll: “Salome, following the advice of her wicked mother Herodias, . . .”
Parenthetical Notes: “Herodias was the wife of Herod’s brother Philip.”
“We remember,” said someone in the crowd, loud enough for all to hear.
“Shut up,” yelled Soames.
The scroll: “. . . Salome asked Herod for the head of John the Baptist on a silver salver.”
Herodias leaned over to whisper in Salome’s ear. Salome listened, then nodded, too happily. Not quite in character.
“Ask Herod for the head of John the Baptist,” read the scroll boy.
Salome nodded again, then floated over to Herod, where she mouthed the words that the scroll boy read: “I want the head of John the Baptist on a silver salver.”
Some laughter in the crowd. Soames looked around to spot the offenders. Did not succeed, but silence was restored.
Herod looked devastated. Crestfallen. Quite convincingly.
The scroll: “This saddened Herod, for he feared the wrath of God which would visit him were he to murder the prophet whose words he himself had heeded in the past. He was also reluctant to offend the people who loved the Forerunner.”
Parenthetical Notes: “Which is what our Savior was called at his time.”
“We know,” someone else in the crowed informed the reader.
“Shut up,” yelled Soames, turning.
The scroll continued: “But because of his rash promise, so arrogantly made with his guests as witnesses, he felt obliged to order Saint John to be beheaded, and his head given to Salome on a silver salver.”
More laughter. Soames didn’t bother to look for the source. Futile.
Into black.
Lights again.
Herod handed a parchment to the executioner, a tall, heavily built, hooded man with a large sword. Mouthing.
The scroll: “I hereby order you to behead John the Baptist and give his head to Salome on a silver salver.”
This was all some of the children in the crowd could take of silver salver. Giggles at first, along the far wall, then some commotion and outright laughter, then the chant that must have been brewing for the last few minutes finally came to a boil: “Silver, salver, silver, salver, silver, salver.” Then more giggles.
The scroll boy giggled too, and for a moment could not go on. Then got a hold on himself, and managed to continue reading: “Behead him tomorrow morning at sunrise, and give his head to Salome as she has asked.”
“On a silver salver,” someone shouted. More giggles, laughter.
Soames, without turning: “Shut UP.”
The executioner answered silently.
The Scroll: “Yes, sir.”
Into black.
Lights again.
And a new spotlight: this one on the imprisoned, half naked John the Baptist, as he paced back and forth, three steps in each direction, then stopped, turned, grasped the oh so seemingly real bars with both hands, and screamed mutely.
The scroll: “Noooo!”
At which point Soames moved over to my side. Touched me on the elbow, quite gently. Whispered, one confidant to another, as if sharing important but secret news: “This is where you come in.”
I looked at Soames, not understanding at first. Then reality returned, and I asked, unsure—and not a little afraid—what the answer would be:
“This is just a play, right?”
“Oh, yes,” Soames said.
“As in make believe?”
“So far.”
“But these are actors,” I said, gesturing in the direction of the stage. “This is a play. This is not real. You don’t really mean?”
“I mean,” said Soames, who suddenly struck me as insane, and absolutely serious about needing my head to come off.
“There’s a man in the cell. The one looking at us. Why not use him?” I suggested. Pointing.
“He’s a good man,” said Soames. “Why waste him? Besides, you’ve got just the right complexion.”
“You mean?” I asked, with difficulty.
“Yes, I mean. Sorry.”
That said, two, or three, or a dozen men appeared around me, all purpose.
Strong hands gripped my upper arms and shoulder: I wasn’t going anywhere. Other arms at first guided, then more or less had to lift Harriet aside. She seemed too stunned to move on her own volition. Or talk. I caught her face, mouth ajar, wide-eyed, not seeing. No, that’s wrong, she saw all right, but her face did not believe.
Many hands proceeded to help me backstage, where I was rapidly stripped, loinclothed, and bewigged as Saint John the Baptist’s stunt double. This area, impossibly large, as was the stage itself now too—we were still in a small church, after all—was crowded with actors milling about, some yet to go on, some just come off from the banquet. Here was a horse, smaller than Phantom and dapple-gray; here were the dancers and the charmers too, and nearby—I turned to spot the baskets—the cobras, still bickering, unfed as yet, not so happy about that.
One of my guards stepped back and took a good look at me, head cocked to one side, critical-like, then nodded approvingly: “Good enough,” he said. “You’re on.”

:

I’m escorted—well, since I’m not cooperating, more like thrown—onto the stage, where two different guards (part of the play and much in character) seize me from behind and with what feels like leather thongs secure my hands behind my back. And  roughly: I feel the thongs first pinch then chafe my skin, and then my hands begin to hurt and swell as blood gathers, its return path expertly pulled shut. They hurt badly, and begin to throb, and I wonder how long before permanent damage, then wonder that I wonder at that, a minor point, considering.
I’m looking for Harriet at the front of the now crowded main aisle, and I think I can make her out, still stunned, still not believing, when another spotlight springs to life in the nearby sky with me as its focus, and I’m blinded. The last thing I see—or think I see—is a wide grin. Pearly Soames: play going off as planned. Much pleased.
My eyes adjust a little and I can see a large rock ahead; and my feet now notice that I am walking on real ground—these are not the planks or boards of a stage beneath my feet, these are pebbles, and this is dirt, a trodden path—and things suddenly seem terribly, terribly real.
The stage, the church, the world—I’m no longer sure which—has gone very quiet. The spotlight in blue sky has become true sun and the susurrant crowd has become the secret conversation among swaying palm trees to my left.
I am making progress toward the large rock ahead, guards by my side, making sure. I hear the crunch of sandals on dirt: theirs, an odd stereo effect, and mine—and suddenly can’t for the life of me remember donning them or having sandals donned backstage. My hands throb painfully, and seriously now, veins and arteries blocked by leather, and again I find myself concerned about permanent damage.
And I can still make out the muttering of snakes, wondering what’s holding up the food.
Then we arrive at the rock.
The scroll boy, somewhere off stage—to my left somewhere—springs to life in his very clear voice: “Our Savior John the Baptist was led to the rock by Herod’s men and made to lie down upon it. Then he was made to offer his neck to the sword.”
Since I make no move to voluntarily dramatize this spoken line, strong hands on my back and shoulders guide me forward and down and onto the rock, my chest heavy and not in the least comfortable on the sharp and uneven surface. But down I go, with only my head hanging out over the edge, my neck quite exposed: a clean target for a skilled swordsman. And my hands are really hurting from the thongs.
All is quiet now. Even the palm trees seem to hold their breath. In expectation.
Then I hear the boy unfurl his scroll, making ready for the next section. Then the snakes again, still not fed, still waiting, not happy about it, not at all, and suddenly I think about Madhuri: if only she were here, at least for a goodbye.
The swordsman steps up to my right. At first just a lowering presence. Then I turn my head to see him: massive, hooded. His lips move in the narrow mouth opening of his hood, or perhaps I’m just imagining that. There are no words, of course, and it is the scroll boy, to my left and so clearly, who asks me: “Have you any last words before you and your head part company?”
After perhaps two heartbeats the boy and I begin to speak at the same time. An odd jumble: my snake talk and his scroll talk. I’m asking—more like begging, and very loudly—the unhappy eight for some assistance here, while the boy shouts what I presume I should be mouthing: “My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?”
Next—and this only took seconds—one of the eight has slipped out of his basket and onto the stage, heading for where I lie, not quite soiling myself. I’m oddly terrified, not of the sword now so much as of what will follow once it has done its business.
The snake reaches me and rises to my eye-level, flaring his hood. He is very big, and old. Black eyes, curious.
“What is your name?” he asks.
“Nachiketa,” I say.
“You know snake talk?”
“Clearly.”
“And you need our help?”
“Clearly.”
I recognize Soames’ voice, loud and irritated, from the darkness beyond the horizon: “Who let the damned snake out? Get it out of here and get on with it.”
The hooded man’s reply is muffled, but has to do with the snake and about easier said than done.
“His head,” shouts Soames. “Now.”
“Stop the sword,” I ask the snake.
The cobra elder turns and hisses at the hooded man, who freezes—then orders another cobra I cannot see, but who has joined the action from below: “Bite.”
The panicked swordsman screams. I turn my head to get a better look. The new arrival—a younger, smaller cobra—has found bare arm, sword in hand and bent back to delivery my death blow, and is now hanging full-length from it, tail touching the floor, while injecting his venom, squirt by squirt. The young snake’s venom is potent and the man soon drops the sword—a loud metallic complaint—then himself drops in a heap, wide-eyed in death rather than panic.
The six remaining snakes arrive and now form a semi-circle by my head, risen, hoods fully flared, sentries all.
With some difficulty I turn my head to the left, finding one of the two guards who brought me. He stands not two feet from hood and fangs, seconds away from sharing the fate of his swordsman brother: not in a position to argue.
“Untie my hands,” I say. He complies, nervously but instantly. Fumbles the knot. Fumbles some more. Finally succeeds.
I scramble off the rock and onto my feet, then actually scream with the pain that is suddenly released from my hands. It rushes out from them with the blood leaving and seems to gain further strength from new blood returning. It takes me a while, a full minute perhaps, to find my way back to surroundings other than burning hands.
“What next?” asks the old cobra. Apparently for the third or fourth time, a little vexed at not being heard.
I look at him. Grateful, impressed, relieved, a jumble of feelings. I’m still alive.
“Not sure,” I finally answer. “But thanks for stopping the sword.”
He does not answer.
I look up toward the sun. “Kill the spotlight,” I ask. “Please.”
Someone does, and slowly the audience, including Soames, huge and fuming, return. Harriet too, I can see her now, a step behind him, to his right. Wide-eyed.
“The big man,” I tell the snake.
“Soames?”
“Yes,” I say.
The cobra elder orders two of the larger snakes to attend to Soames, and I see them speed off the stage and up to Soames, where they take up stations around his legs.
I thank the snake elder again.
Still rubbing my hands and wrists, I look out into the stunned crowd. “I’m afraid there will be no beheading this morning, at least not at my expense,” I announce, mainly for Soames’ benefit.

:

Pearly Soames, clearly a man of action under normal circumstances, now plainly did not feel at home. He fumed in place while I and my retinue of serpents made our way off the stage.
I walked up to him.
“You were going to kill me,” I said. “Are you out of your mind?”
He did not answer. I’m not even sure he heard me. Instead he wanted to know, “Who are you?”
“A visitor,” I answered.
“How, how can you, could you . . . ?” he said, which I pretended not to hear. Instead I walked over to Harriet, still wide-eyed, her attention now shifting between me and the snakes at my feet. “Talk to these things,” Soames finally completed his sentence.
“Are you okay?” I asked her.
“No,” she said.
“We must get out of here,” I said.
“We must complete the play,” said Soames, overhearing. “We must finish the play. You must allow the play to complete.” It grew to a plea. A loud one.
“Not with me in it, you’re not.” I said.
Soames studied me briefly, clearly aware of many snakes. Added things up. Made his decision. Turned toward the stage.
“Frederick,” he yelled to the original John the Baptist, still in the cell. “You’re going to have be a sport about this and be Saint John all the way through, I’m afraid.”
“You must be insane,” said I.
“Are you kidding?” yelled the celled man.
“No.” Then, to the guards: “Tom, Edgar, you two get him ready.” Then to a large man standing by the fallen swordsman, apparently wondering whether or not to move him. “Peter, take his hood. Put it on. You be the swordsman.”
Orders were followed, and quickly at that—in part, I suppose, not to give Soames a chance to change his mind and pick another candidate for John the Baptist.
Poor Frederick was still protesting and crying as his head came off—Peter did a good job, one clean swing—and the better part of the front stage become a dark, slippery mess of blood.
“Oh, for heavens sake,” screamed Soames. “You forgot the basket.”
“Sorry,” said either Tom or Edgar.
Enter Salome again, with a silver salver. A spotlight, a little late in coming on, caught up with her as she collected Frederick’s head—by his natural hair and with some skill (the wig had come off as the head hit the floor)—and arranged it neatly on the plate, careful not to get blood on her white tunic.
The boy, amazingly also back in character, read from the scroll in his clear, and (all things considered) very calm voice:
“Tradition has it that the mouth of the severed head of our Savior opened just once more to utter these words: Herod, thou shouldst not have the wife of Philip thy brother.”
Salome brought the salver with the head on it to Herodias, her mother. The scroll boy then repeated the line, as if the head were talking: “Herod, thou shouldst not have the wife of Philip thy brother.”
Herodias then delicately opened poor Frederick’s mouth, reached in for and pulled out his tongue, found a needle and with it repeatedly stabbed the tongue of the Savior.
Once finished, her lips moved an order to her servants, as the scroll boy read: “Bury this head in an unclean place.”
The Parenthetical Notes placard boy reappeared, and as the scroll boy drew breath to continue, it was Parenthetical Notes who began reading instead:
“But the pious Johanna, wife of Herod’s steward Huza, placed the head in a clay vessel and interred it on the Mount of Olives where Herod owned a piece of land. The body of Saint John was claimed the same night by his disciples and buried in Sebaste, the place where his villainous execution had taken place.”
The scroll boy looked surprised at first, and then angry, and down at Soames: “That was my part. I’m supposed to read that.”
“We changed that for this year,” Soames said. “Seemed more appropriate as a note.”
“No one told me,” the scroll boy complained.
“Sorry,” said Soames.
An angel entered from stage right, broad wings actually flexing in the bright light: they looked strong and real. He strode along the front of the stage toward center, carefully picking dry island-spots among the dark lakes of poor Frederick’s slippery blood; arrived and turned. He held up his hands, as if commanding the already silent congregation to silence, surveyed it for a heartbeat or two with stern, blue eyes, then began mouthing. The scroll boy, however, was still looking down at Soames, was still pouting, and said nothing.
“Read, damn it,” yelled Soames, “or I’ll find someone who will.”
The boy looked hurt but scrambled to comply, looked for his place, found it:
“God’s judgment befell Herod, Herodias and Salome even in their lifetimes. As Salome was crossing the frozen river Sikoris, she fell through the ice and was crushed by it in such a manner that her body floated in the water while her head stayed, stayed . . . ,” the boy, still smarting from Pearly’s rebuke, I believe, lost his place, then found it again and picked up his line, “. . . while her head stayed above ice. As once her feet had danced on the ground, now her limbs writhed helplessly in the icy water. Thus she remained until the sharp ice severed her neck. Her headless body was never found; her severed head was brought to Herod and Herodias just as the head of Saint John the Baptist had been brought to them at an earlier time.”
He paused to catch his breath, or for effect. Then continued:
“The Arabian king, Aretas, moved his armies against Herod to avenge the shame of his discarded daughter. Having suffered defeat, Herod incurred the wrath of Caesar Gaius Caligula . . .”
Parenthetical Note: “Who reigned from 37 to 41 A.D.”
The scroll: “. . . and was exiled, together with Herodias, to Gaul and thence to Spain. Tradition has it that they both perished there in an earthquake.”
Then, in unison, and in one strange, overwhelming voice—this was the cue and they had all been waiting for it—the congregation yelled, “Earthquake,” and the lights went out. Then, in the same strange unison, a thousand candles were relit and the church resumed its warm, golden hue.
I assumed this was the end of the things and I expected the shuffling and rustling of many leavings, but nobody moved. The church was dead quiet. You could almost hear the candles burn.
Then something stirred. It was an organ, somewhere above or beyond the main doors. I turned and strained to see it—that part of the church remained in shadow—and then I did: a pale aurora borealis of many pipes, almost shifting. It took two deep breaths and began to sing.
It was one of the most haunting, sadly beautiful melodies I have ever heard, before or since. Perhaps my senses were keyed up, sharp and focused from so recently staring death in the face, but the music was so palpable to me that it brought not only sounds and images but smells and the other senses along as well.
And what it brought was a moonlit Northern countryside—likely Harriet’s Sweden: small log cabins asleep amid nothing but forest and livestock and a small lake not far off. Cows—there are quite a few of them, black and white some, brown and white others—are asleep too, unconcerned and dreaming. Two dogs, one awake, one asleep. Fog on the lake. But it’s summer, not winter, not Christmas, and it’s not really dark, not at all, yet the moon is high, surprised perhaps at its own strength. And the grass and the pines and even the moonlight is fragrant.
Someone tugs at my arm. It’s Harriet. “I know that song,” she whispers. “I have heard that song before,” she says, louder this time.
But I’m not so sure I hear her, not with any sense of comprehension, for all I can really attest to hearing is the melody, rendered magically by whoever is playing that organ, a master.
No one—except for Harriet who whispers again that she has heard this song before, that she knows this song—makes a sound until the last note has reverberated all the way into silence among the high beams and against the distant windows. Then there is no sound at all, not even breathing. Even the candles are quiet.
And then it’s over: shuffling, rustling, talking, leaving.
“I have heard that song before,” said Harriet, still tugging for attention. Now seizing my arm with a strong grip. “I know it.”
I looked at her and nodded, still not really following, though. Then I looked over at Soames who, snakes still curled around his legs like thick boots, looked back at me with a frown. “Now what?” he said.
“Ask your horse to bring us back,” I said. A request he was not in a position to deny. He turned and spoke the necessary words to have the horse brought.
Phantom arrived from I don’t know where, and quietly. It was not until he shifted a little by our side that I again heard his hoofs on sturdy boards.
If indeed horses can smile, Phantom smiled. I smiled back, and I imagine that he nodded an acknowledgment before he kneeled for us to mount. Harriet got on, with my help this time, and I followed, with I’m not sure whose help—strong hands.
The heavy wooden doors already stood open on a still dark and snowy morning and I felt the cold air bite as Phantom approached them and then stepped out onto the stone landing.
“The snakes,” yelled Soames from behind us. Part peeved part terrified. He had not moved. He had not dared to move.
Oh yes. I must say my good-byes. But as I turned to do so I found that the cobra elder had followed us, presumably for the same reason. Now he rose, hood flared wide, majestically, beside the horse—who, if he noticed, and I think he did, in no way seemed to mind the snake—and looked up at me. Curious still. Who was I, and what was I doing talking their tongue? 
“Thank you, old one,” I said, with a bow. “I owe you my life.”
“You do the same for one of us,” he replied. Then bowed too.
“Surely as rain,” I replied.
“What about the snakes?” Soames again. It was almost a scream.
I looked back at him. “They know what to do,” I said. “And I wouldn’t even think of harming any of them.”
“Please let him go once we’re on our way,” I said to the elder.
“Of course,” he answered.
“Good-bye. And thank you again,” I said.
He bowed his reply.
At that, Phantom—as if he had understood our exchange—stepped down the stairs and into the dark, snowy morning. I leaned forward against Harriet as we took off.

:

The horse knew where he was going; we simply held on. Snow was still falling over lower Manhattan, or wherever it was we had been, but lightened as we moved farther up the island. By the time we reached the corner of 1st Avenue and 52nd Street, which is where we touched down (the best, if not the only way, to describe it), the sky had cleared again and the stars were out in force, a trillion spotlights.
Here Phantom knelt for us one last time, and we slid off his back. I patted his strong neck in thanks and he looked down at me with a curious glint that seemed to say, this was certainly a first. Then he turned and was soon gone in the dark.
For a while I thought I could hear his hoofs clatter softly down 1st Avenue. Then there was nothing. Neither of us spoke as we walked down 52nd Street to the entrance of her apartment building.
If the doorman saw us approach, he didn’t let on. But he did look up as we let ourselves in. “I told you,” he said, proven right. “No cabs.”
Harriet did not answer.
I thought I could smell the glogg even before we opened her apartment door, fumes making it through the wood and seals and onto the landing. Inside, the glogg was like a mist, everywhere. And I remembered: we had meant to take some before we left, and had put it on the flame to heat it up. Well, we forgot, but had left it on the flame.
There was not much left in the large pan, most of it evaporated, and making its way into our lungs.
“I don’t know about you,” said Harriet, looking down at what little was left. “But I could do with some of this.”
“Indeed,” said I, and brought two clean cups from the cupboard.
The brew was now so hot and so strong that we both grimaced as we drank it. I could literally feel the thickish mixture burn its way down my throat and well into my stomach, spreading heat in all directions.
“Where did you learn how to talk to snakes?” she asked as she sat down by the kitchen table.
“Madhuri taught me,” I answered
Then I told her about Jiddu’s mother.


::The Song::

It might have been ten, perhaps even eleven o’clock, before we made it to bed. The sun was up by then and outside everything was a sparkling white.
Nothing moved. Cars still huddled under the massive quilt of snow, the odd bus too. All waiting for the city to get its emergency gear back in order. And no one was out on the streets—not that I could see anyway, not even the odd person walking the dog.
Nothing. Nothing to soil the whiteness. A perfect Christmas Day.
I fell asleep on top of my bed, too tired, or too lost in thought, to undress.
And now I dream: about the Northern woods, about the organ music I surely must have dreamed in the first place. About a small forest lake, silver and black in the light summer night, a mist shifting across the surface and among the reeds along the shore, as if looking for something. Forest noises near and far: a cuckoo’s call, way off in the distance, though loud; and again. And a deer perhaps, it’s the rustle of one, but I don’t see her; then the cuckoo’s call again, not sure what it says, but it carries well on the cool air and very much belongs in this still night.
If there are people about, they are sleeping. Young girls here for the summer with the livestock; cows, white and black, and white and brown, all content to chew and dream their cow dreams all night, dotting the dewy meadow from the cottages all the way down to the lake.
And I dream about the melody, so perfectly played on the organ, so alien to my Indian ears, so unbearably beautiful.

:

I stirred awake and looked right into Harriet’s eyes. She was sitting next to me watching my face, hers not a foot away.
“You were dreaming,” she said. “Your eyes were moving underneath your eyelids.”
I looked at her for several moments before I remembered where I was and who was this woman looking down at me.
“What?”
“You were dreaming,” she said again. “What did you dream about?”
I didn’t have to think about it, for I had not left it yet. That song.
“About that song,” I said. “That organ melody.”
“Yes,” she said and nodded that she understood perfectly.
“And about the forest, and about the mist on the lake.”
She nodded again. “That’s what I’ve come to tell you. I remember where I heard that song.”
I came fully awake. She leaned back in her chair and I rose on my elbow, the better to see her.
“When I was a little girl in Stockholm, I used to sneak into churches.” She looked up at me: was I listening? Oh, yes.
“We had quite a few of them where I grew up. Seems like one in every block, although there really weren’t that many. Sometimes to warm myself, sometimes to rest, but often to hear the music.
“Sometimes there would be choir practice, or the cantor would be practicing the organ, you know, the psalms for next Sunday. Sometimes even strings, a string quartet or something. Always a lot of music.”
She paused and looked down at her hands. I don’t think she saw them though. I think she saw churches, long time ago churches. She faced me again.
“One day, I forget which church, it may have been the Sofia Church, I sneaked in as usual and sat down in one of the back pews; and I had just begun to thaw a bit when the organ began to rumble, almost like an earthquake at first, a distant quake, about to start but not arrived yet. Just breathing, the organ just breathing a little, gathering air to sing its song. For just a few heartbeats, this breathing, but so unearthly. Then the warm and ghostly reed of the melody rose up out of this breathing and my eyes filled with tears although I was not at all sad.
“Then I filled with a million little shudders as every cell seemed to notice a new song, a higher reed, the midsummer’s night and the mist and the sleeping cows in the meadow, and the cuckoo far away and I think I just vanished for the duration of the song, which seemed to last and last and fill the church from far beneath it in the frozen dirt all the way to high above it into the stars, and still he played this song, hands and feet, I could hear him move by the organ somewhere above me, soles hitting the wooden keys by his feet, fingers hitting and clicking the many keys meant for more hands than we have, and still he played and still I had ceased to be.
“When he finally stopped—and it was like a distant thunder rolling even farther away—I did not move. I could not move. It was as if God had spoken. Then a small door opened to my right and this man—he was tall and wore glasses, and his hair was gray in places, but I don’t think he was very old—this man stepped out, working his fingers into gloves against the cold outside.
“I asked him if it was he who had played, and he startled a little at seeing me but said, yes, it was he who had played it.
“What was it? I wanted to know. What song was that?
“Oh, it was something he was working on, he had not finished it yet. Did it have a name? I asked. No, not yet. But he would probably name it after what it was, he said, an old psalm, and old psalm from the mountain pastures.
“It does sound like a psalm, I told him.
“Yes, it is a psalm, he told me, though not an official one. You wouldn’t find it in our hymn book, he said. More like a folk psalm. He had first heard it in Dalarna, up north a bit from Stockholm, where he had heard it sung now and then in his home church. He’d only been a child then, he said, but the melody had never left him, and now he was working it into this composition of his. And, he added, he had been told that the melody had come down to the village from the mountain pastures.
“I told him that I thought it was wonderful, and that he didn’t have to work on it anymore, it was done, surely. I had never heard anything like it.
“Then he smiled for the first time—he wasn’t so used to smiling is what I thought—it was, what’s the word? As if he was trying it on. Not at all sure it would fit. And a little sad.”
“Tentative?” I suggested.
“Yes, tentative. That’s it. Then he finished pulling on his gloves and said, ‘Well, thank you, young lady. I’m glad you like it.’ And then he left.”
Then she added, eyes still back on the years, “I asked Mauritz about it once, about beautiful music for organs, if he knew of any, anything like an old mountain pasture psalm, or of any organists, but he didn’t know. He didn’t much care for organ music. Or for music at all.”
Harriet fell silent, and left me looking at sleeping cows, some still chewing now and then on some final remnant of clover. The cuckoo called from somewhere far away, and the night fell silent around it as my room returned.
“How come . . . ,” I began. But when I saw that she didn’t hear me, I said nothing more.
Then she sat up again, took my hand and held it to her cheek. “How I wish I could have been your mother,” she said.
“But you are,” I said.
“No, Nachiketa. I may be many things, but a mother I am not.”
“I saw the cows, too,” I said.
She nodded, but did not reply. Still clutching my hand.


::Letters::

The trip back to London was long and gloomy.
Harriet didn’t want to come to the airport. She disliked drawn out goodbyes, she said, and instead gave me a long hug on her landing, kissed me on both cheeks, and then gave me a sealed envelope. Read it on the plane, she said, and shut the door on me.
I missed her already. She had grown into a presence: Harriet, my mother.
I put the envelope to my nose, inhaled. It smelled faintly of lemon, her perfume.
Using the key to my flat, I opened it carefully—a proceeding that caught the eye of a lady across the aisle from me, but she quickly looked away when our eyes met.
Inside I found many sheets, carefully written. The airline hostess startled me when she seemingly out of nowhere leaned down and asked me if I needed something. I looked up into a friendly face, professionally so. No thanks. Can I get you a coffee? No. Well, a cup of tea perhaps. She brought it.
I unfolded and smoothed the many fine pages in my lap, peripherally aware that the lady across the aisle was still taking note of the proceedings.
Then I read:

Dearest Nachiketa,

If the truth be told I feel so much more comfortable writing than talking. It gives me time to think, you see, and time to find the right word to dress those thoughts. I am not very good with words, you may have noticed, and I am still conscious about my accent, it is obviously the accent of an uneducated dumbbell from Sweden, so obvious to everyone. But the pen does not betray me, at least not as much, and besides, I can take as long as I want to find just the right word—le mot juste, as Flaubert put it—since my bedroom, as you may have noticed, has become home to many a stray dictionary.
Did our Christmas Morning adventure happen? Really happen? Pearly Soames. The many snakes, and the poor man who lost his head. And the song, the psalm. In the light of day (I say “light of day” though it is still dark outside) it is hard to believe that it all took place. But equally hard to deny under starry sky. Was it your magic, Nachiketa, or was it mine? Or ours? And the horse? Where did he come from? How did he find us? And in all that snow.
Or was it that we simply dreamed the same dream? The same oh, so vivid dream. That must have been it, don’t you think? We dreamed the same dream. We dreamed it so hard we made it real. Sitting here, alone with my thoughts—you’re still asleep in the guest room as I write this—that’s what the silence tells me, that’s what the sky, still dark outside my window, tells me. What the faint aroma of glogg which still lingers—you’ve noticed it too, I’m sure—tells me. That it was a dream, our dream. Perhaps helped along a little by the glogg. Don’t you think, Nachiketa? Must have been. No?
You know, it was Jiddu that insisted on your name. I had wanted to call you Karl after my father, but Jiddu was absolutely against it. With an Indian father, he said, you must have an Indian name. And that name was Nachiketa. He was adamant about that. I asked him what it meant and he told me that Nachiketa was the name of the young boy who in the Katha Upanishad got to meet Yama, the Lord of Death, and who got to ask many questions of him. I remember that when I read it years later, I was very happy to have a son with that name. And now that I have met you, and have dreamed with you, I am even happier that you have such a magical name.
Remember how on Christmas Eve you told me I should have been a poet and I replied that I’ve tried. That is true, Nachiketa, I really have tried.
Here is one of my many tryings, if that’s a word. Even though I wrote this some time ago, I might as well have written it just now, for this says what I want to say to you, Nachiketa, about our dream:

If I were nothing but heart
within a nothing but cage
then I would wish I could tell us apart
though I would not know where to start

If I were nothing but word
upon a nothing but page
then I would offer my life to be heard
though you may well find that absurd

And when I dream
my life away
as no doubt I will
this is what I
wish to say
dreaming harder still

If I were nothing but song
upon a nothing but stage
then I would wish I could shine and be strong
that I would be where I belong

But I am nothing but now
within a nothing but age
within a heart and a song and a vow
that I will find you here somehow

And when I dream
my life away
as indeed I will
this is what
I came to say
dreaming harder still

If I am dreaming
then so are you
give me your hand
and I will see us through

If I am dreaming
then so are you
please take my hand
and I will see us through

Do you like it, Nachiketa?
But then again, what if it wasn’t a dream? What if what we saw, the horse and the horrible man Pearly Soames and all those candles were real? And the beheading? My Lord. What if the snowstorm was real, and the ride and everything, Nachiketa? What if it was not a dream? I am sure it was a dream (really, how could it have been anything else?) but how come we dreamed the same thing? And everything so real that we talked about it in the kitchen as if it had happened.
And the psalm. Not only did we dream the same dream, in the dream we heard the same song, and this song sang us both the same sleepy cows and faraway cuckoo that it sang for me so long ago in the Sofia Church back home (yes, I’m sure now that it was the Sofia Church). Ack, this is too much for my dumbbell brain.
But if it was a dream, which surely it was, whose dream was it, Nachiketa? Were you in mine or was I in yours? And in the psalm, perhaps we were both in his, Oskar’s dream. Oh, yes, that’s another thing: I remember his name. It’s Oskar. I asked him, and he told me. His name was Oskar, he said. Oskar. I wonder what ever came of him.
Can you really talk to snakes? Or was our conversation by the kitchen table—while we finished that last of the glogg—part of the dream as well?
Oh, Nachiketa, it’s so hard to make any sense of this, for right now, in this very moment, I am all sure it happened, and then, right now, just a moment later, I know, all sure as well, that it was only a dream. Mine, or yours, or Oskar’s.
I hope your trip back is going well, and that they are treating you well on the airplane. The little poem (the little trying) is my gift to you, for if I am dreaming, then so are you, give me your hand and I will see us through. Or, perhaps (you are so fond of using that word, perhaps, instead of maybe, have you noticed, Nachiketa?), perhaps it is your song to me, your dream that I am dreaming?
I am so very glad that you came to see me, and so very glad that I have come to know you. I know that we will meet soon again, whether for real or in our dreams.
Signed, simply, Harriet.

:

None of the record shops or music stores that I tried had heard of a Swedish organist named Oskar.
“That with a ‘c’ or ‘k’, sir?”
“Try ‘k’,” I said.
The clerk looked through his files. Took his time. “Nothing, sir.”
“Perhaps it’s ‘c’,” I said.
The clerk, in a show of being put out, re-checked his files. Took his time. “No, sir. No Oscars with a ‘c’ either, I’m afraid.” Not afraid at all. Really, there’s something about the English sales clerk that seems to repel sales. I mumbled a thanks, I’m sure, but not much more.
I may have checked a dozen or so places, same outcome. Truth was, if what I wanted to know did not have to do with Tommy Steele, or Elvis Presley, or Cliff Richard and the Shadows, they were simply not interested. “Going through the motions” describes it pretty well.
Maybe Harriet was mistaken: Oskar was not his name. If indeed there was a name, or an organist in a Sofia Church, or a psalm. The more stores I visited, the more he didn’t exist. The more places I called, the more likely it seemed that we had indeed dreamed a common dream, my mother and I, psalm included.

:

London was nothing but gloom that winter. It snowed on several occasions, snow that quickly turned into slush, then fog, then smog in the cold evenings when the whole city warmed itself by coal fires. Gloom indeed, and work—which I still enjoyed, by the way. And, of course, her letters. I received them weekly, sometimes twice a week. She wrote long, well thought out letters where I could see her clearly. They were what I hoped to find on the floor just inside my door every evening when I came home, they were what I looked forward to on my tube rides from the office. It felt so right to have a mother, and that it should be Harriet. Despite the gloomy weather, at heart, I was a happy person. Very.

In the late spring of 1959 I get this letter:

Dear Nachiketa,

Did you know that the Secretary General of the United Nations and I were born the same year? His name, as you probably know, is Dag Hammarskjold. I met him the other night at a party and that’s when we discovered we were both born in 1905.
We are fellow Swedes, you know, and we had a nice, long, quiet conversation where I got to at least glimpse the man behind the man that the world gets to see. I’m not sure that I let him glimpse the woman behind the woman the world gets to see (or used to). I’m not very good at that, as you know. I don’t like to show myself.
And he made me remember hearing his name when I was a child, Hammarskjold. My dad used to say it now and then, and not kindly. Come to find out that his father, Hjalmar, was the Swedish prime minister when I was about ten. I had never made the connection until he told me. Isn’t that amazing?
He told me about his childhood in Jonkoping, that’s a small town in Smaland, in southern Sweden. And he talked about his job and about the strains of just about every day and in a way it felt good to know that I’m not the only one who is not all that happy with life.
He is an amazing man, Nachiketa, I wish I can get to know him better. He is a loner, just like I am.
But I have a terrible confession to make. At one point he told me that one thing that helps keep him collected (that was the word he used), under all those pressures, is a diary that he keeps, and has kept for years. He says he puts in it things he doesn’t want to lose sight of. “Fixed points,” he said, “that were on no account to be lost sight of.” Things he has realized along the way, and wants to make very sure he remembers, and can review when he needs to, if he needs to, is how he put it.
‘When do we get to read it?’ I ask him, more as a joke, but I have to admit I was curious too. What would a man like that find too important to lose sight of? What things would he realize?
Then he tells me that he was thinking of publishing it, but not until after he’s dead, as a sort of requiem, that’s what he said, but I think perhaps he meant an epitaph, but that’s beside the point. The point is, and this is what’s so terrible, that as soon as he said that, even as he said it, the moment the meaning of what he said was clear to me, I wished him dead. Wished him dead, Nachiketa, just so that I could read the diary. The thought, the wish came so fast, so unbidden, so out of nowhere that I know it was a true wish, and I’m so ashamed. And I’m also a little scared, for sometimes my wishes come true.
You see, there was nothing I wished for more as a child than to become an actress. It was a wish so strong that the word wish is no longer the right word for it. It was so strong it was more like a know (like a future certainty) than a wish—but when things we know will happen have not happened yet, I think we call them wishes. At least the strong ones.
Actually, Nachiketa, I am very scared. What if he dies tomorrow? But enough of that.
I asked him if he wouldn’t let me have just a little peek, but he just smiled, and then looked at me with his pale blue eyes, and said that I would have to kill him first, for he must stay true to his own decision, he said. He must have seen how my face lost all color, for he immediately said that he was only kidding, of course. Of course, I said back, of course. But I felt that somehow he knew, somewhere inside him my wish had made an echo. What do you think, Nachiketa? Am I evil? That was an evil, and very selfish wish, was it not? And part of me, that’s the hard thing to tell, but part of me is that selfish woman who wishes United Nations General Secretaries dead so she can read their diaries. You can tell, can’t you, that I’m shaking my head in disbelief and not a little disgust. But it’s true, that is who I am.
Other than that, Mercedes is making an absolute nuisance of herself and people won’t leave me alone. Even my walks get interrupted many times by strangers wanting to talk or to get my autograph. It’s very difficult. Some days I just stay inside and drift in and out through the windows.
Harriet

At this time I was not yet in the habit of keeping copies of my correspondence, so I don’t know exactly what I answered her, but I must have tried to assuage her bitter self-reproach by saying that I’m sure we all wish some people dead sometimes; and I must also have mentioned that I had read somewhere that if thoughts could in fact kill we would depopulate the planet in a matter of hours, for she makes a reference to that in her reply, guessing, she said, it would take minutes, not hours.

:

On occasion she called me on the telephone, but not very often. She told me that she much preferred to write. The telephone, she said, made her self-conscious and made it hard for her to “find the right word” especially when speaking English. But on the 23rd of June—I’ve checked my journal—she called.
It was a wonderful summer’s day, I remember it well, looking out onto very green trees as I answered.
“Lindberg,” she said. No preamble, no “Hello.”
Her voice sounded very clear for a cross-Atlantic call.
“Lindberg?” I had no idea what she was talking about.
“Oskar Lindberg.”
“Ah.” I made the connection. “The organist. Are you sure?” I had told her of my failure to track him down.
“Oh yes, absolutely. He was the organist at Engelbrekts Church in Stockholm until 1955, when he died.”
“How did you find out?”
“I asked the right people.”
“Who?” I thought I had asked the right people.
“I was in a second-hand bookstore yesterday, when I saw this old man looking through a very large book on organ construction. I saw him, with the book, across the aisle. I looked at the book twice. I could see the cover, for he was holding it up, close to his face. I guess he was nearsighted. Organ Construction, it said.
“‘Are you interested in organs?’ I asked him.
“He lowered the book enough to get a good look at me; a little perplexed I guess, and also a little amused. You know, with a ‘why would I be reading a book on organ construction if I had no interest in them?’ sort of look.
“But he was polite and a gentlemen about it. All he said was, ‘Yes.’
“‘Do you know about organists?’ I asked
“‘One or two,’ he said, with a smile that said he knew many more than that.
“‘Have you ever heard of a Swedish organist, he must be long dead by now, whose first name was Oskar?’ I asked.
“‘Lindberg,’ he said. Just like that. Lindberg.
“‘Lindberg?’ I asked.
“He closed the book but marked his place with his finger. ‘Oskar Lindberg. The only Oskar of note. He was the organist at the Engelbrekts Church in Stockholm from 1914 to 1955, which is when he died. Prior to that he was the organist at Trinity Church, in the same city. This was from 1906 until his 1914 appointment to the more prestigious Engelbrekts Church. Well, maybe not more prestigious, but it had, in fact it still has, a much better organ. An important consideration for organists,’ he added.
“‘Lindberg,’ I said again. ‘How can you be so sure?’
“‘As I said, the only Oskar of note. Swedish or otherwise.’
“‘Oskar Lindberg,’ I said, more to myself this time.
“‘Yes,’ he said. Politely. Then he returned to his book. When I hadn’t moved for quite a little while, he looked at me again, curious about why I was still there, but he said nothing.
“And at that point, I swear, Nachiketa, although I wanted to ask him some more questions about Oskar Lindberg, I began to feel like Alexander the Great casting an unwanted shadow on Diogenes, who in this case was too much of a gentleman to ask me to move away and out of the sun. So I mumbled, ‘If I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes,’ and turned to go. I didn’t mean for him to hear me, but he must have.”
I burst out laughing at the picture she painted.
“And he must have read the same story, for then he said, ‘Diogenes appreciates that,’ without hardly even looking up. An amazing man. But then he did look up and added, ‘Good day to you, Ms. Brown.’ I thanked him and left. By the door I looked back at him and he had returned to his book, apparently not a thought left for me.”
“A true Diogenes,” I said. “Not awed by fame.”
“Yes,” she said, “that was an amazing man.”

:

Armed with a last name, it only took me three days to track down a recording of it, and it was the song. There was no doubt about it. Its Swedish name was Gammal Fabodpsalm, which translates to “Old Mountain Pasture Psalm.” Written, indeed, just like Harriet had told me, by Oskar. She was absolutely right. And so was Diogenes—his last name was indeed Lindberg, Swedish organist and composer. A small record store on Googe Street had what amounted to an EP, for the psalm was over six minutes long. It was a Swedish recording from 1953 with Lindberg himself at the organ, and they wanted twenty pounds for it, a small fortune. “Rare,” said the proprietor, a balding, serious man with a dark blue bow tie and light blue vest. “Very rare.” As if that explained pretty much everything, the current political situation included.
“I would have to hear it first,” I said, “before I pay that kind of money.”
And he said, “Fine.” Not quite frowning. With smooth and practiced motions—which struck me as a ritual more than anything else—he then slipped the record out of its colorful cover, then out of its inner sleeve, careful not to touch the tracks, then gently placed the black little disc on a large turntable, before handing me two handheld, once-white earphones, one for each ear. I sat down by the counter and brought the foam-covered little speakers into position.
Not correctly, apparently, for as fastidious man pointed out, “Sir, the one marked ‘L’ goes over the left ear.”
I complied.
With the same ritualistic care he then lowered the stylus onto the record. First came the faint scraping of needle on empty groove, two, perhaps three, revolutions, then the faint stirring of a large organ filling its lungs with air.
Then it sang: it was the song.
Every bit of it the very song we had heard that Christmas morning, in that candlelit church, in that dream. And, I’m sure, the very song Harriet had heard so many years earlier, while Lindberg was still writing it, in that Sofia Church of hers. Twenty pounds was a steal, as they say nowadays.

:

I had to call and tell her on the telephone.
She didn’t answer at first. So I called back, twice. Claire finally picked up at the other end. Once she recognized me, however, she shouted something into the apartment I couldn’t make out but which had my name in it, and then Harriet was on the line.
“Nachiketa?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“What time is it there?”
“It’s eight o’clock in the evening,” I said.
“It’s three in the afternoon here.”
 “I found it,” I said.
“Found what?”
“The song. Oskar Lindberg’s song.”
She didn’t say anything for so long I thought she might have hung up.
“It is the song,” I said. “The song we heard.”
Then she answered: “So it wasn’t a dream?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “I don’t think so.”
“I mean, everything,” she replied. “If the song is real, does that not make everything else real, too? The snowstorm, the church, the horse, the beheading?”
And that, of course, was the question. Was the very disturbing question that finding the record had brought back to life.
“I think it does,” I said. “I think it happened. All of it.”
She fell silent again. I could hear other conversations on the line, faint, ghost talk. Then she spoke again. “Can I hear it?”
“Now?”
“Yes.”
Well, I should have foreseen that, of course. “Just a second,” I said, and put the receiver down. I then pulled the gramophone—a pretty bulky thing—as close to the telephone as the electrical cord would allow. It seemed close enough. “Just a second,” I said again into the receiver, and placed the record on the turntable.
As the song played, I held the mouthpiece as close to the speaker as it would go, hoping she could hear it well enough at the other end.
When it had finished, I asked her, “Is that as you remember it?”
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, it is.” And then added, “It would have been so much easier, wouldn’t it, had it not been.”
I didn’t understand, and said so.
“Magic is hard to come to grips with. To accept. It is so hard on the soul.”
I wasn’t sure exactly what she meant, but I said, “I don’t know about magic.”
“If not magic, then what?” she asked.
“It happened. It just happened. We were there. We rode Phantom. We heard the song. It happened.”
Again, she had fallen silent, thinking. I could picture her face in a frown.
“So you actually can talk to snakes?”
“Why, yes.”
Another silence. “Can I come and see you?”
“Of course.”
“Maybe Cecil could arrange it.”
“I’ll ask him to call you,” I said.


::Summer Nights::

She was to arrive at Heathrow Airport at three-fifteen in the afternoon on the 28th of June. All arranged. Cecil was nothing if not efficient. The plane landed on time, and I stood, flowers in hand, simmering with anticipation, by the gate to greet her.
By four o’clock the plane had emptied, but no Harriet.
By four-thirty all they could tell me was that she had indeed been booked on the flight, but they could not verify whether she had actually boarded in New York. It would appear she had not.
By five they got word, Harriet never got on the plane.
I drove back into London a very concerned son.
I called her, but no answer.
I tried to call her again the following morning, still no answer.
Later that afternoon Claire picked up.
“Is Harriet home?” I asked.
“No, she went to London.” A brief pause. “She’s not with you?”
“No. She never arrived. She didn’t board the plane in New York.”
“Oh, my God,” she said. Then, more vexed than concerned, “What is that woman up to now?”
“You think she’s all right?” I asked.
“She’ll always be all right,” said Claire. “But I wish she’d let others in on it now and then.”
“Perhaps you could check with the airport,” I said. “See if they know anything.”
“I will do that.”
“And I will call if I hear anything this end,” I said.
“You do that,” she said.
Claire called the next day. “Sweden,” she said. “She went to Sweden.”
It was not until that moment that I realized how worried I had actually been. I felt a constriction leave and finally I could breathe freely again, as if a weighty band had just taken wing.
“Well, thank God for that,” I said.
“I tell you,” she replied, “that woman.”
“Thanks so much for letting me know,” I said.
“No problem. I’m sure she’ll call, eventually.”
“Thanks again,” I said and we hung up.

:

Finally, she called.
“Nachiketa?”
“Harriet. Why didn’t you call?”
“I’m in Sweden,” she said.
“I know,” I said. “Claire told me.”
“Claire? How did she know?”
“She found out for me. We were worried about you.”
“Yes, I’m sorry,” she said. “But I had to find out.”
“You should have called,” I said again.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I forgot.”
“Find out what?” I asked.
“About Oskar.”
“What about him?”
“Was he real or not?”
“Of course he was real. He wrote the song. I played it for you. His name is on the record. Both as composer and organist.”
“I know. But I don’t know. I mean, I didn’t know. How could I know for sure? A name is just a name. A word. It’s not the person. And I’m still not so sure what is real and what is not real.”
“Where are you now?” I asked.
“I’m in Sweden.”
“Yes, I know, but where in Sweden?”
“I’m in a little place called Gagnef. It’s where Oskar grew up.”
“Ganjof?”
“No, Gagnef.”
I could not picture anything sounding like that. “Where is that?”
“About a day north of Stockholm,” she said.
“And Oskar Lindberg lived there?”
“He grew up here, he lived here, he had a summer cottage here. All very real.”
I didn’t answer. I was still mad at her for not calling, for leaving me at Heathrow Airport. It was as if she noticed.
“I am sorry,” she said. “Really. I’m not sure what came over me. I had my ticket to London and everything, Cecil had arranged all that. But the ticket to Sweden was only another two hundred dollars, and they were very helpful at the airport.”
“And I am glad you’re fine,” I said.
“I’m fine,” she confirmed.
“How long are you going to stay? Can you come here?”
“No, Nachiketa. I want you to come here. That’s why I called. I’ve booked you a flight, well, Cecil has, and a friend of mine, his name is Einar Nerman, will meet you at Bromma Airport.”
“When?” I asked.
“Tomorrow. Afternoon.”
“Leaves or arrives?
“I think the plane leaves Heathrow airport around three o’clock. Cecil will know for sure. Give him a call.”
“I think the plane leaves Heathrow airport around three o’clock. Cecil will know for sure. Give him a call.”
Ah, the always helpful Mr. Beaton.
“And you, please, don’t go anywhere,” I said. Almost joking.
Cecil Beaton called me before I had a chance to call him. With all the details.

:

This was my third time in the air. The plane—it was an old BEA DC-3, I  know because I asked—was nearly empty, and quite comfortable. Quite noisy though, as I was seated just by the wing and the large prop engine. I asked to move, and they were nice about it. It was quieter further up front.
It was an uneventful flight, which over the years I have come to appreciate as an excellent adjective where flying is concerned. What I also recall is that the pilot made an absolutely perfect landing: I could not tell the actual moment of touching down, it was so smoothly done. I thanked the hostesses and the pilot for a nice flight and departed into a windy, and cooler than London, Stockholm.
Mr. Nerman was a rather short man who had spelled my name correctly. The sign he held up, which was beautifully lettered—and which, by the way, was also pretty much unnecessary seeing as I was one of perhaps ten passengers and definitely the only one with an Indian complexion—clearly said Nachiketa, and I said, “Yes.”
He held out a fine hand. “Welcome to Sweden,” he said. “Luggage?”
“No, only this,” I said, and I held up my small carry-on.
“Ah,” he said. Then led the way out to his car, a brand new Volvo Amazon P120 with a white roof, which I was to learn all about during our three-hour or so drive from Stockholm to Dalarna. He had bought it two weeks earlier and would not rest until I was well indoctrinated about every last detail. It was a nice car, I told him that several times by way of perhaps slowing him down, but that just set him off again. When I bought my own first new car some years later I finally got an inkling about his feelings. Pride does not even begin to describe it; I think car ownership—especially when it comes to new cars—is its own emotion, and Mr. Nerman had it in spades (as they say in America).
Harriet looked happy and healthy when she met us outside what must have been the only hotel in the small town of Gagnef, or village rather, for it was not much more than that. And though I say hotel, it was more like a large, red house with three guest rooms, run by a grim lady who, as it turned out, was an excellent cook—especially when it came to waffles, which, as I came to discover, was Harriet’s favorite dish.
“Did Einar tell you about his new car?” Harriet asked with a smile. Apparently he had told her all about it as well.
“I think he mentioned something about it,” I said, at which she laughed and he too, even if, albeit deserved, at his own expense.
It was nearly ten o’clock at night by now, but it was still very light outside.
“Are you tired?” she asked me.
“Yes,” I said.
She looked over at Mr. Nerman. “How long can you stay?” she asked him in English, perhaps for my benefit.
“A couple of days,” he said.
“Good,” she said. “Then we go tomorrow night, and Nachiketa can get some rest.”
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“Oh, that will be a surprise,” she said, and seemed very pleased with herself.
Then she took a good look at me and came over and threw her arms around me. “It’s about the song,” she whispered.

:

When I awoke the following morning, after an absolutely fantastic and dreamless sleep, Harriet and Mr. Nerman were already gone somewhere. The landlady did not speak much English but managed to indicate, by pointing at the numbers of a large kitchen clock, that they had left about nine o’clock in the Volvo Amazon car. It was now a little after ten.
Food, I have come to learn about the Swedes, is one of their major modes of communication. The landlady, who pointed to herself and said “Karin” over and over until I realized that she wasn’t “caring” but that it was her name, knew how to talk food.
“Caren?” I said.
“Caareen,” she said, which Harriet later spelled for me, K-a-r-i-n.
“Caareen?” I said.
She nodded, and smiled. A big smile, all the more stunning as it took place in such a stern face. “Sit you down,” she said. “Sit you down.”
And that I did, by a large, polished-to-a-shine oak or birch table while she poured me some coffee into a small cup on a saucer without asking if I, the quintessential tea drinker, wanted any. She simply placed it in front of me without comment. Just that oddly out of place smile. It smelled so fresh though, and so invigorating, that I had to taste it.
So hot it burned my upper lip, but I have to say it was delicious. Strong—you could probably stand a spoon in it—but oh so excellent.
“Which coffee?” I asked, wondering about the brand.
“Yes,” she said.
“Coffee, the coffee, which make?”
“Yes, I make,” she said.
“No,” I said, “what brand, who manufactured it?”
“Yes,” she said.
Harriet later told me that the brand was Gevalia, and was made almost locally, as she put it, in Gavle, a couple of hours to the east. It was great, I told her. Naturally, she said. It’s Swedish. We know good coffee. It’s what we run on. Our petrol.
I abandoned my fact-finding mission with the landlady, however, and savored the coffee in silence, blowing on the surface now and then to cool it. Karin, by now, was busy making waffles on the large black stove and the aroma, once it reached my nostrils, informed me I was starving.
Within minutes the first waffle arrived: golden and brown, on a large blue and white plate, upon which she added whipped cream and topped with what she called, with the same smile, “yortran” preserve. Hjortron, Harriet explained later, are cloudberries. They only grow in the northern marshes.
Well, for me it was “yortran” while I disappeared into the best-tasting breakfast I’ve ever had. Karin was happy to provide replacements for every waffle I finished. Not that it became a contest, or anything, but when I finally had to give up—really, there wasn’t room for another single cloudberry—and waved an illusory white flag in her direction with a shaking head and guilty smile, she looked quite proud, and very happy with herself. Victorious.
I thanked her profusely, bowed several times, Indian style—which she found so amusing she mimicked me and bowed in return—went out into the sunshine, found a low wooden bench among several fragrant lilacs by the side of house, sat down, leaned back against the warm wall, and promptly fell asleep.
I stirred awake an hour later by someone touching my shoulder. I looked up and into Harriet’s smiling face, dark against the blue sky.
“I see Karin got to you,” she said.
“Pardon?”
“Eight,” she said.
“Eight?”
“She was very proud of herself. Not many of her guests have managed eight for breakfast. No wonder you fell asleep.”
When she saw the question on my face, she added, “Waffles.”
Then I understood. “I had eight waffles?”
“That’s what she says.”
“She’s a menace to society,” I said and smiled.
“Good cooks always are,” she answered.
I stood up and stretched, still feeling quite full. “Where did you go?” I asked.
“Oh, just for a drive. Einar wanted to show me what his new car could do.”
“The Amazon,” I said.
“Oh, yes. The amazing Amazon. He’s like a boy with a new toy.”
And speaking about the boy, he came walking on the pebbly walkway making little pebbly rustles with every step.
“Good morning,” he said. “Did you sleep well?”
“Not only that,” said Harriet before I had a chance to reply. “Then Karin got to him and put him right back to sleep.”
“She’s lethal,” I said, meaning Karin.
“Lethal?” said Einar.
“Dangerous. Careen.”
“Oh, yes, very dangerous.” He smiled at what must have been the cream and cloudberry thoughts of his own waffles, then cast a glance back to the parking lot, as if to make sure that the amazing Amazon hadn’t run off or anything since he left had left it all those seconds ago.
I stretched again. I felt good pretty much all over.
As I looked around, a big, billowing cloud sailed out over the lilacs and into view like an immense schooner, all business, and so low that I had an urge to duck. I stepped away from the sweet-smelling bushes and looked up and around into this almost dark blue sky to find a whole fleet of them, all sailing low: perfectly white perfections.
“Why are they so low?” I asked.
“The clouds?” said Harriet, and looked up too.
“Yes.”
Einar joined the survey team.
“It’s normal,” said Harriet. “These are Swedish clouds.”
“In India,” I said, “our clouds, even these billowy ones, I think they’re called cumulus, are higher, they sail higher.”
They were both looking up with me. “In Los Angeles,” she said, “the clouds were always thinner and much higher than these, almost like thin watercolor clouds way up.”
“How high do you think they are?” I asked. Neither answered for some time.
“I have no idea,” Einar said in the end. “I never thought about it. They are just clouds, normal Swedish clouds. But you are right, there is something about them.” With that he vanished towards his car and for a moment I thought he was going for another drive, perhaps to chase the clouds, but he returned a minute or so later with pencil and sketch book. Two minutes later the sky was down on paper.
“Why are they so low?” I asked again, but neither answered, and it’s a question that to this day remains unanswered.
“Isn’t he something?” said Harriet and nodded at Einar, now busy sweet-talking another patch of sky down on paper.
I followed his rapid traces and had to agree, he was amazing. You could almost see the colors in the black and white of his sketch. And he even worked the sense of height into the image, the low-sailing majesty of these massive things.
“You are right,” he said, looking up at the sky, then down at his sketch again, comparing, “they are low, not like London or New York.”
“That’s how we met,” said Harriet, still admiring his drawing skills. “He drew the cover for a Swedish biography about me. I didn’t much care for the book, to be honest, but the cover was delightful. So I asked the publisher to meet this man who had drawn this nice picture of me.”
She looked up from Nerman’s sketching, and smiled at me. “He’s an artist.”
“That he is,” I agreed, admiring the second drawing, as vivid and as beautiful as the first. As alive.
“You take them for granted,” he said, “until someone who does not, comes along and points them out to you.” He was now surveying the sky for another vignette and, finding one, flipped over to a clean sheet, and began anew.
Harriet and I both stood silently behind him and watched the wonder take place, the base of a cloud almost exploding into billow with quick strokes of soft lead. With perhaps ten or fifteen lines he had captured the rim of forest over to our right, and another few strokes had a second cloud sailing out over it and into the sea of sky. There was nothing for us to do but admire. Harriet took my arm and squeezed with delight as he put a finishing touch, or two, to the drawing. I had never seen it done before, not this well, and if not shocked, I was pleasantly stunned by his skill.
“That’s really wonderful,” I said.
“It’s nothing,” he said. “Just a placeholder.”
“That’s what he calls them,” said Harriet. “Placeholders.”
I didn’t get to ask him to elaborate, for that was the moment Karin’s search for us brought fruit.
“Maaten aer claar,” she said, quite loudly.
“Food’s ready,” translated Harriet.
Food? I was almost incredulous. I had just eaten myself to sleep. Harriet still held my arm, and now pulled me along. “Mustn’t keep her waiting,” she said.
I managed to stay awake after what turned out to be a three-course feast. I went easy, though—which you could not say about Harriet and Mr. Nerman: they indulged.
The obligatory coffee still tasted as great, and the cinnamon rolls that I had to try—lest I upset Karin, Harriet informed me—were amazingly good too. This woman could open a restaurant in any part of the world, I was convinced of it, and make a fortune. When I later mentioned that to Harriet, she laughed. They all do, she said. This is a country where everyone can cook.
“Not like that?” I said, a little incredulous.
“Perhaps not like that,” she agreed. “Karin is special.”
We then went for a long walk, which did me good, must have, since toward the end of it I caught myself wondering what this woman would conjure up for dinner. She’d certainly found another disciple in me.
Mr. Nerman, who had brought his pencil and pad, stopped a few times during the walk to draw scenes, each time with the same stunning skill: barns like log cabins, so old they had turned gray and leaning; cows mulling about in the tall, green grass; the glitter of sun on a rippling lake. He was so good at catching the swallows’ darting dances that you could almost hear them.
It was a wonderful walk, and I’ve rarely seen Harriet so happy.
“Tonight we go to Knipbuan,” she said.
I could not pronounce that. “Where?” I said.
“Knipbuan,” she said again. “It’s a beautiful shieling by a lake called Insjon.”
“Shieling?” I asked, not so much embarrassed as surprised to hear Harriet speak a word I did not recognize.
“You don’t know shieling? It’s a mountain pasture,” she said.
“We don’t have any shielings in London,” I said. “Nor in India.”
“I know,” she said. “They’re a very Swedish thing. You’ll see.”
Then, after a moment or two of silence, she added, “It’s where the song was born.”

:

Dinner was what Harriet called an oven pancake, a thick, doughy thing replete with bits of bacon and oh, so delicious. This was a country where I would have serious trouble with my waistline. Karin, for some reason, seemed to have made me her special charge, or mission, or target, something like that, for even though it was my third helping of this chewy, savory wonder, she made sure I ate everything off the plate, clean.
And then the coffee again.
Mr. Nerman was ready to go now, and said as much by fidgeting and a couple of muttered it’s getting lates. Harriet leaned over to me and whispered, loud enough for Mr. Nerman to hear, surely, “He just wants to drive his new car.” I looked over at him— shifting again, very ready to leave—and I had to agree: a kid and his toy, he seemed in it for the journey, not the destination.
So we thanked Karin—I, again, profusely—and off we went. It was now nearly ten at night, but still almost as light outside as on a cloudy London afternoon. Harriet, sitting up front with Mr. Nerman, had a folded map on her knee. I was sitting in the back, behind Harriet, looking out at the dusky forest to our left and at the sleepy cows to our right.
Apparently Mr. Nerman had managed to tell us all there was to tell about his new car, for he drove in silence.
“Why is it your steering wheel is on your left when you drive on the left side of the road?” I asked. It was a question I’d had, but didn’t get a chance to voice, on the drive from Stockholm.
“What?” asked Mr. Nerman, briefly glancing back at me over his right shoulder.
“Your steering wheel,” I said, “it’s on the left hand side of the car. In England it’s to the right. So that you can see the other side of the road better, especially when you overtake other cars.”
“Ah,” he said, understanding the question now. “It’s because we’re soon going to switch from the left-hand side of the road to the right,” he said. “Well, in about ten years, nine now. They build all cars to be ready for that.”
He turned again to see if I had heard and understood. I nodded. He looked back ahead, and added, “Meanwhile, well, I guess we have to be careful when we overtake other cars.”
“Indeed,” I said.
“That’s why it’s good to have a passenger,” added Harriet. “A lookout.”
Then I remembered him asking me several times on the way from Stockholm to see if there were any oncoming cars, before he overtook the slower driver in front. And nodded. “I see.”
“Riding shotgun,” said Harriet.
That earned her a brief glance from Mr. Nerman. “What?”
“That’s what they call it in America,” she said. “Riding shotgun.”
“Riding shotgun?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know,” said Harriet. “Something to do with old cowboys, I think.”
I could picture that, actually. The stagecoach driver, and the armed defender by his side, looking out for bandits. Riding shotgun.
“In America everyone drives on the right side of the road,” Harriet informed us.
Mr. Nerman nodded, but said nothing. Harriet looked back at me and I nodded too.
An hour later we were lost.
“Maybe we should have turned at the last sign,” said Harriet.
“You’re the map reader,” said Mr. Nerman.
“I’m pretty sure we should have turned at that last sign,” she said again.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I wasn’t sure then.”
“Are you sure now?” he asked, slowing down and looking over at her.
“No,” said Harriet. “I’m not sure. What do you think, Nachiketa?”
I, not surprisingly, had no idea. Still, Mr. Nerman looked up and back at me through the rearview mirror to see what I was about to answer, as if I were going to contribute something constructive.
“I have no idea,” I said
Mr. Nerman lost interest in me. We drove in silence for another minute perhaps; the car was nice and warm and I felt a little like going to sleep.
Then he slowed further, and came to a full stop by a road sign. “Can I see the map?” he said to Harriet.
She did not give it to him. Instead she looked out at the sign and asked, “Where are we? Do you know? What does it say?”
There were actually two signs, both yellow with black letters. One told us that we were heading for Skeberg, which we would find 8 kilometers farther down the road. The other informed us that turning left would take us go Norrbysjon, 12 kilometers on.
“Lost,” said Mr. Nerman.
“I know that,” said Harriet, and to me they began to sound a little like a married couple. She was now unfolding the map further and spreading it across her knees. She asked Mr. Nerman to turn on the dome light, which he didn’t. Instead he reached across to the glove compartment and pulled out a small flashlight.
“Here,” he said. “Let’s see.”
“I can do it,” said Harriet.
“Fine, okay,” said Mr. Nerman.
He gave her the flashlight and Harriet studied the map closely in the sharp yellow light, then looked out again at the road signs. “We must turn around,” she said.
“That’s what I thought,” said Mr. Nerman.
“Well, I couldn’t read it,” said Harriet.
“Couldn’t read what?”
“The sign back there.”
Mr. Nerman didn’t answer.
“Sorry,” said Harriet.
“It doesn’t matter,” he said then. “We have all night.” To which Harriet did not respond.
Ten minutes back the way we had come, we arrived at the correct turnoff and swung left down an even worse dirt road. This one was pitted here and there, which made Mr. Nerman slow down to a near crawl, lest he damaged the amazing Amazon.
Harriet turned to me and said, “We’re on the right road now.”
The road now headed into a forest and it turned considerably darker. Mr. Nerman turned on his headlights and slowed even more. Still, it was a little faster than walking, said Harriet, with a smile. Mr. Nerman smiled as well, and the slightly frayed harmony seemed healed again.
I looked out and saw nothing but dark, very straight trunks of tall spruces to either side. Silent sentries, very straight-backed indeed. I could make out maybe four or five deep, after that there was only the dark heart of forest.
The little road wound its way deeper and deeper into the woods and then began to climb as well. A while later—it may have been as much as an hour—the spruces finally gave way a little, and then we suddenly found ourselves in a small village. Well, not a village precisely. I could count half a dozen or so cabins huddled just ahead, if that makes a village.
Down a wide pasture to our right I could see another cabin, and just beyond it a small lake, dark and still. Beyond the lake rose a mountain, entirely covered with spruce. The moon, waxing and a little over half, was rising from behind that enormous hedgehog and out over the lake.
“This is it,” said Harriet.
“You sure?” asked Mr. Nerman.
She studied the map again. “Yes,” she answered.
The scene seemed strangely familiar, though something was missing. Things were too still. “I don’t see any cows,” I said.
Harriet turned to face me. “I don’t think this shieling is used anymore, not for livestock anyway.”
“Did you tell him we were coming?” asked Mr. Nerman.
“No, how could I?”
“No telephone?” he asked.
“Not alive,” she answered.
“But,” he said, obviously perplexed. “But you said.”
“I know what I said. I said nothing about meeting him.”
Mr. Nerman seemed to briefly re-listen to an earlier conversation. “Well, strictly speaking, no,” he said. “But you surely implied.”
“I know what I said,” she repeated.
“So why are we here then? And at midnight?” he wanted to know.
“Well, that,” said Harriet with a smile in my direction, “is Nachiketa’s and my little secret.”
Mr. Nerman didn’t understand, and said so.
“We didn’t come here to see anyone. We came here for the atmosphere,” she said. “Could you wait here for a while?”
“Where are you going?” he asked.
“Out,” she said. “Will you be okay here?”
“Sure,” he said. Then stretched a little in his seat as if to settle in for a wait.
“Come, Nachiketa,” she said.
She climbed out and folded the front seat forward to let me out as well. It was no longer warm outside, and a faint mist had begun to form on the lake.
She smiled at me but said nothing. Then she set out down the path toward the cottages ahead. I caught up with her.
“Well, this is where he wrote it,” she said. “In one of these cabins.”
The night was quiet. Not like the Indian summer night, which is almost as loud as the day with its bustling millions of life, crickets mainly. No crickets here. Only birds. I stopped to listen. Voices, all calling each other like echoes.
A loud cry came from what sounded miles away.
“The cuckoo bird,” said Harriet.
And again.
I also thought I recognized what sounded like a rose finch, but I doubted they lived this far north. A cousin perhaps, some other sort of finch, involved in a conversation with itself or its mates.
Another bird sounded like a jay, several actually, a discourse spread over miles. Then there was the cuckoo again. I found myself listening for crickets, but there were none. Only birds. Hundreds perhaps, coming alive one by one, ten by ten, as my ear grew attuned to them.
“There are no crickets here,” I said to Harriet.
She looked at me, not understanding.
“In India,” I began.
Then she understood. “Oh. Yes. In California, too. I remember the summer nights there. All you could hear throughout the canyons were crickets. Millions of them. All summer and well into fall.”
“Not here, though,” I said.
She stopped and listened. “No. Here there are only birds.”
As if to underscore this fact the cuckoo sounded again. This was a different one, though, closer. And, as if to settle this once and for all, the long hoot of an owl from not too far away ahead of us. Like a wind.
Only birds, I thought. Or said.
Harriet took my arm. For warmth perhaps. For the nearness.
We were approaching the cabins. They were all dark. Asleep.
As we drew closer, I could see, a little farther down the path, two more cabins. One to the left, one to the right. The one to the right looked more like a barn. A little larger. Gray.
Occupied.
For there were sounds from it. Indistinct, but unmistakable. I listened harder.
Hoofs, perhaps, shifting on wood. Could be a cow. Or a horse. Or anything with hoofs. It moved again, yes, definitely hoofs. And again. A horse, for sure.
I looked over to see if Harriet had noticed.
“He built himself an organ here,” she said.
Then the animal moved again. I could hear the soft creak of boards. The creak of a large horse shifting his weight in his sleep, or awake, I thought.
“Organ?” I said.
“Lindberg,” she said. “He had an organ built for himself in one of these cottages.”
“Ah.”
“This is where he did his composing,” she continued. “He lived and worked in Stockholm, but seldom composed there. He spent his summers here, in this magical place, and this is where he wrote most of his work.”
“Do you know which cottage?”
“No,” she said. “They didn’t know, or they didn’t want to tell me.”
“Oh, I’m sure they would have told you if they knew.”
“I didn’t get that feeling,” she said.
“Who did you ask?” I wondered.
“Karin, for one.”
Then the horse moved again, loudly this time, and next we both froze at the soft scream of rusty hinges. A large door opened.
“Something’s in there,” she said.
“Or someone.”
She did not answer.
Next he stepped into full view: the white horse. Huge, just as I remembered him, majestic. Dark intelligent eyes. Watching us hesitate at first, and then approach. Waiting for us. Shifting again, silently this time on the dewy grass. Waiting. For us.
Though he was only twenty or so meters away, it seemed to take hours to reach him. Approaching a dream, you tread carefully lest you wake up. And slowly. But I heard him clearly, shifting again, breathing. Waiting. Some dream.
As we finally reached him he raised his head in salutation, then lowered it toward Harriet, who, seemingly more accepting of the impossible than me, touched him gently. Perhaps to make sure, perhaps by reflex, I don’t know. But finding him real, she patted him on the neck. He snorted softly and swung his tail once or twice in response.
Then, as before, he lowered himself to the ground in invitation.
Harriet turned to me, not quite sure.
I, still toiling to accept what I saw, was no more sure than she, and had nothing to offer by way of advice. Harriet looked back at Phantom and made up her mind. She moved to get on.
Which made my mind up too.
I helped her on, then swung up behind her. Settled. Then he rose, swiftly and without effort. As if we had no mass. As if he had no mass.
He set off at a soft trot down the road, past two final cottages and one last barn and back into the forest. The road became path and swung to the right. Then ceased to path altogether and became forest floor, soft and quiet.
At first the horse picked his way between the tall and silent trunks, but soon it seemed the trunks got the idea and begun to move aside for him; he picked up the pace to a canter. Then a faster canter. Then, once the trunks got the full hang of it, sweeping a trunky avenue—or more like a tunnel—before him, he opened up to a flat-out gallop.
Harriet hung on to his mane with both hands and I hung on to her waist. We both leaned forward to avoid low-hanging branches that should have punished us for this reckless intrusion but instead rose to form a roof, never touching us. 
Then the tunnel opened to true avenue, allowing Phantom to glide over the forest floor, to rise over the forest itself, and up into and out of mist, over a small lake, dark as a pupil below us, across a snowy field and above a large and wintry woods. Moonlit lands, silent mountains, and into moonless though starry night sky.
Into mist.
Out of mist. His hoofs glowed beneath us. Then they touched forest floor again. Summery. Moonlit. Then he slowed, and slowed again, returning, for all I could tell to the shieling we had left, path at first, then grassy road. The last two cottages and the final barn. Then the other barn, where he had waited. Then where Mr. Nerman’s car should have been but wasn’t.
He passed the huddled cottages and veered left down the wide pasture and made for the little house by the lake, soft lights in the windows. Lived in.
And arrived. Stopped. Lowered himself to let us off.
It could have been the night we had just left. The same birds were calling each other across the same stillness. The same almost half moon—though I noticed with a shiver that it was no longer waxing, but waning—looked down upon us. The same spread of mist, torn in places, roamed the lake. But where this cottage had been dark, it was now lit, and where no one had stood, an old man now did, to greet us.
“Welcome,” he said.
He was tall and thin. Bespectacled and almost formally dressed: white shirt and a necktie.
When neither of us answered, he held out his hand to Harriet and said it again. “Welcome.” Then added, “I’m Oskar.”
Again, Harriet accepted the impossible before I could, and shook his hand. Like you would someone’s you haven’t seen for a while.
“You knew we were coming,” she said.
“I knew someone was coming.”
“The horse?”
“The horse,” he agreed.
“You have grown old,” she said.
“So have you.”
“So, you remember?”
“Yes, I do. It was the Sofia church, I believe. And you were only a little girl. Though quite tall, as I recall.”
“Yes, I was. Tallest in class.” Harriet smiled. “You have a good memory.”
“And not much more, nowadays,” he said.
Then he looked at me. Harriet spoke. “And, yes, this is Nachiketa.”
“Your son, then?”
When Harriet didn’t answer, I said, “We are friends.”
“Friends?” he said. “As you wish.”
“How do you know?” asked Harriet.
“Know what? Friend or son?”
“Both.”
“Athansor,” he said.
“Athansor?” I said.
“The horse,” he said.
“I thought his name was Phantom,” said Harriet.
Mr. Lindberg shook his head and wisps of long white hair echoed.
“No, his name is not Phantom.”
“Athansor,” I said again, not a question this time.
“Yes,” he said, “Athansor. That is his real name. At least as far as I know.”
“Sounds like the name of some angel,” I said.
“Could be,” he answered.
“And he told you?” said Harriet.
“A mother and a son, he said,” said Mr. Lindberg. “He said he would bring me a mother and a son.”
Harriet wanted to say more, wanted to ask more, but I could tell she didn’t know what. Instead she turned in my direction, then looked around for the horse, who was no longer anywhere to be seen. She looked back at Mr. Lindberg.
Who said, “You have come, I believe, to see where I wrote the psalm.”
She nodded. As did I.
“Well, then,” he said, and indicated the little house with a sweep of his hand. “This, of course, is not where it was written. I did not even own this cottage then, but this is where it has its roots.” At that his gesture grew to include the shieling and the lake, and the world surrounding.
“This is where I live, musically, spiritually. Stockholm, if you will, is my day job.”
I heard the distinctive hoot of an owl from somewhere across the lake. It seemed to disturb the mist. “I can see why,” I said.
“I come here every summer. To walk, to think, to wonder, to compose. I’ve had a small organ built for that purpose,” said Mr. Lindberg. “Would you like to see it?”
“Yes,” I said.
“Yes,” said Harriet, but then turned again, looking back up at the little shieling, for traces of Athansor, I assumed.
“How long have you know him, the horse?” she said, turning back to face our host, but only in time to catch his back as he stepped inside his cottage. He didn’t hear, or if he did, gave no indication.
“Please,” he said from inside. “Please come in. And watch your head.”
We both ducked a little beneath the low transom, to find ourselves in a small kitchen. The floor of broad planks, walked to a gloss by two hundred or more years of feet, creaked a little under our weight.
“Coffee?” he asked. The obligatory Swedish question.
“Please,” said Harriet. “That would be nice.” I nodded as well.
“It’s through there,” he said and indicated another low door to our left. “The organ room.”
As I made to move towards the door, he added, “But let’s have coffee first. Please sit down.”
The table seemed to be made from wood left over from the floor. Broad planks, worn to a shine as well by generations of elbows and tablecloths. Mr. Lindberg placed small porcelain cups on saucers in front of us, with a small silver spoon for each. White with delicate blue flowers, the cups looked as formal as his clothing.
“I’m afraid I have nothing for you to dip,” he said.
“That’s fine,” said Harriet.
I looked out the window, still trying to accept the near-daylight outside. The mist had fully gathered itself above the lake and healed all seams. Now there was nothing but white meadow where the lake had been.
The tall man stooped a little and followed my glance. “That’s Lake Insjon,” he said, with the tone of a travel guide.
“How can it be so light?” I asked, although I knew why.
“We are far north,” he said.
“The land of the midnight sun,” I said.
He laughed at that. A short, merry laugh. “Oh, no. That’s quite a bit higher up the country. A two-day drive from here.”
I thought of Mr. Nerman and whether he’d be up for that.
Harriet looked out the window too, though not at the lake. “Athansor,” she said. “How come you know him?”
He looked down at her and held her face with his eyes. A stern man suddenly, dressed for a sermon, about to answer, when the whistle on the coffeepot went off and he turned away to tend to our coffee.
“I didn’t say I knew him,” he said, when he returned with the pot.
“But you said,” she said.
“I know what I said,” he answered as he began pouring the brown, steaming beverage into our small, white cups.
He replaced the pot on the stove and sat down opposite us. Tall even sitting down, priestlike still. He poured a little coffee from his cup onto the saucer and brought the saucer to his lips, blew on the coffee to cool it, and sipped.
I had never seen anyone drink coffee like that before and looked over at Harriet for an explanation. She, however, didn’t even seem to notice anything out of the ordinary. A common custom, then.
He put the saucer back on the table and looked at Harriet. “I’m sorry,” he said. “It is not my place to discuss him. I see him now and again. That’s all. He visits.”
“We’ve met him too,” she said. “Before, I mean.”
“So I gathered.”
“He’s an amazing animal.”
“I’m not so sure animal is the right word,” said Mr. Lindberg.
Harriet was about to ask a question, when he added: “As I said, he’s not for me to discuss. He comes and goes as he pleases.” Then he poured some more coffee onto his saucer and blew on it.
We savored our coffee in silence for some time. Harriet was now looking out the window again, but this time with more interest. Seemed she had laid her question to rest, or at least put it on the back burner for now.
“I would like to play for you,” said Mr. Lindberg.
“Oh, I would like that,” said Harriet. “Very much.”
He stood up, carefully, stooping again ever so slightly to avoid bumping his head on the ceiling, and stepped through to his organ. We followed.
“The organ room,” he said, as he sat down by the keyboard.
The organ room was much less a room with an organ, than an organ with places to sit. Lindberg flexed his fingers a little. Then he closed his eyes and took a very deep breath, as if not only to smell the instrument in front of him, but to inhale its essence. He then flicked a switch to his left, which spawned an almost imperceptible hum somewhere beneath us.
“Air,” he said.
I believe I understood. Some sort of pump to provide air for the pipes. Harriet, however, did not, and said so.
“There’s a small compressor underneath the floor,” he said, “to provide air for the instrument. I’ve had a soundproof compartment made for it.”
“Air?” she said.
“Air must pass through the pipes to make sounds,” he said.
When he saw that she still didn’t quite follow, he went on: “I’m sure you’ve seen a harmonium?”
She nodded. “Yes.”
“The pedals, you’ve noticed the pedals?”
“Yes.”
“Those pedals are really a pair of bellows that provide air for the many reeds in the harmonium. Same principle here, the pipes need air to function. Same as whistles.”
“I see,” she said, and nodded.
Lindberg shut the switch off and all went quiet again, except for the calling of another bird outside. Then he flicked the switch again. The faint hum returned. “Not too loud, is it?” he asked, almost inviting praise.
“No,” I said. “Not at all.”
Harriet shook her head, no, not too loud.
“Once I play, I cease to be aware of it,” he said.
Then he closed his eyes, again, took another deep breath and began his most famous composition: a private gift to Harriet, and I guess to me.
In that little place, sitting almost inside the organ that played it, the psalm had the effect of vanishing the room, the organ, the night; replacing all with music.
Then I thought I saw Athansor rising, though more as white shadow than as horse, as if the psalm had conjured him, or called him. Then he vanished too. And all there was, was music.
And the man making it.
His feet walked the lower notes with a gentleness that reminded me of ballet, touching, lightly, the wooden keys with his toes sometimes, with the side of his shoes sometimes, but always lightly, rolling, dancing slowly.
His fingers were long and strong, dancing the reversely colored keys, mostly black with white sharps, every now and then darting up to change the stops and with them the timbre of the note. Yes, it was a dance, a ballet, feet, legs, arms, fingers, head high and tilted back, eyes closed, as he steered his craft from star to star, with us his willing passengers.

There is no light in the depth of space. Night surrounded by stars.
This is not entirely true, of course. The stars and galaxies—some so distant as to appear like stars—are visible, and so there is light, but not enough to shine the way. I race through darkness.
Can there be sound here? Logic tells me not, yet I ride his psalm at incalculable speed from one galaxy to the next, knowing full well that this is memory.
My eyes see him, dancing still; my ears hear the pipes, softly now, loudly now; I sense the soft and distant rumble of bass notes like earthy murmur; and I smell the spruce and birch this room is made from: yet I travel too fast and too far to fathom. Does he know this, this Oskar Lindberg? That I am no longer here, in this room, in this organ, with him. I am sure that on some level he must.
I look over at Harriet, who has her eyes closed too, away on her own private journey. Through space as well? I cannot tell.
Then I notice that he has stopped playing. For how long, I don’t know, but it is almost as if it the outside is lighter now, day approaching.
Harriet is still savoring echoes.
Lindberg watches us, silently. Waiting.

Once Harriet opened her eyes, he said, “You must go now.”
Harriet looked as if just awoken, eyes almost hissing with distance. “Why?” she asked.
“You have found what you came for,” he answered.
“Yes,” she said. Nodded. “Yes, I believe we have.”
Then we heard hoofs outside, arriving. Now waiting.
“Yes,” she said again. “I believe we have.”

:

Athansor brought us back through layers of forest and mist, from old to new, and I remember thinking as I held on to Harriet’s waist: if he can travel back in time, can he travel ahead, too?
He came out of the forest at the very point we had entered it earlier that night and brought us up to the little barn where we had first seen him—a few years there, and the same years back, ago. As he kneeled to let us off, I could not help but asking, “Who are you?” in snake tongue. He understood, and answered, but not in the same language:
“I was rendered cubistically in 1922 by Salvador Dali.”
“I don’t like that man,” said Harriet.
“I know,” said Athansor.
“You’re a painting?” I asked.
“No,” he said, and then not so much walked as awayed away.


::Trolls::

Einar Nerman was exactly where, and when, we had left him. Not quite asleep. “Back already?” he said, and stretched, and yawned, and stretched again.
We drove back in silence, each to his own thoughts, and it was not until the following evening, once her friend had retired for the night, that Harriet and I were finally alone to talk about what had happened. We sat outside, surrounded by lilacs, fending off the occasional mosquito, drinking that sweet drink the Swedes call saft—which, of course attracted the little monsters—and wondered, to ourselves and to each other, what on earth had happened.
A faint smell of cinnamon or cardamom or both was seeping out of the house, mixing with the sweet smell of lilac. Karin at it again, and at this time of night. The woman was relentless.
“Once,” she said. “Once can perhaps be a dream, even if dreamed by two people at the same time. But twice, and like this?”
“This was no dream,” I said, everything still vivid for me.
“Athansor,” she said, as if tasting the name.
“It sounds like the name of some ancient angel,” I said.
“Maybe some ancient angel’s horse,” she said.
“Yes,” I said. “And airborne without wings. No Pegasus then.”
“No, no,” she said. “He’s more ancient than that.” She fell silent for a spell. Then she said, more to herself, or to the night, than to me: “Impossibilities are merely things of which we have not learned, or which we do not wish to happen.”
“What?” I asked.
“Something I read,” she said. “Impossibilities are merely things of which we have not learned, or which we do not wish to happen, or something like that.”
“Chesnutt,” I said.
“That’s right.”
“I remember because I used to wonder why he spelled Chestnut so strangely.”
“With two tees,” she said. “Chesnutt.” The she looked up and seemed to address the night again: “We wished it to happen, so it was not impossible.”
“And we have now learned,” I said.
She looked back at me. “But I don’t see what Dali had to do with him. Why would he say that?”
“Well, all he said was that Dali painted him once.”
“Yes, that’s true,” she answered. “Do you think he rode him too?”
“Who can tell?”
“And you think it was the same horse?”
“Yes,” I said. “It must have been.”
“And now we have learned,” she said. “And now we have learned—what?”
Some question. Apart from meeting a man four years dead. Apart from riding a large, white, impossible horse, twice. Indeed, what had we learned?
“We have learned,” I started, but fell silent again. My mind was grasping for words in thin air. Nothing, just vast, enchanted sky.
“Do you believe in trolls?” she asked.
Without waiting for a reply, she stood up, took her glass, and mine too, and headed back inside.
Trolls?
She returned shortly with a small wooden tray, bearing more saft and several freshly baked cinnamon buns, courtesy of the indefatigable one.
“Karin thought you might be hungry,” she said.
“Trolls?” is what I said.
She put the tray down on the little table in front of us. “I used to wish they were true,” she said. “As a child. Everybody knew they didn’t exist, of course, that they were just fairytales. But I wished they were all wrong, and that Bauer had actually seen them, that he knew where they lived, that he knew they were for real. That what he painted were portraits, reality.
“I didn’t get to go to the forest very often when I grew up, but those few times that I did get to go, I looked for them. The thing about trolls, though, is that they won’t show themselves to people looking for them, so you mustn’t be looking for them; still, you mustn’t not be looking for them, for then you might miss them. You must be on the lookout for them, but not so strongly that it becomes a looking for them, if you know what I mean, for this they will notice right away and stay out of sight. Trolls don’t want to be looked for. In fact, you must be very much surprised when they show themselves, if they do.”
She looked at me: was I following this?
I was doing my best.
“But if you’re not alert,” she continued. “If you’re not unexpectingly alert, you might miss them. This was a real problem for me, how to look without looking. How to expect without expecting.”
“Did you?” I asked.
“See any?”
“Yes.”
She didn’t answer right away. Then she shook her head a little, took another sip of the saft, put the glass back on the little tray with a careful sound, and said, “No.”
“That doesn’t mean they don’t exist,” I said. “If Athansor exists, and he does, I’m sure of that, then of course trolls can.”
She looked at me again, long and hard.
“You have trolls in India?”
“We have Rakshasas,” I said. “Or had.”
“Rakshashas?”
“Rakshasas.”
“They’re trolls?”
“Well, Rakshasas are more like daemons in troll form. They are never nice, however. Not like your trolls. Their fingernails are poisonous, and they feed on human flesh and spoiled food. They don’t just boil the occasional child.” I smiled at that. Harriet didn’t notice though.
“They sound like trolls to me,” she said. “Bad trolls.”
“Bad trolls would describe them well.”
“Have you seen them?”
“No.”
“How do you know about them?”
“The Mahabharata tells of Kimira and Baka, two Rakshasa brothers who ruled the jungle. I read about them as a child.”
“What is that?”
“The Mahabharata?”
“Yes.”
“It’s an ancient Indian poem, or tale, that tells the story of gods and heroes.”
“Like a fairy tale?”
“Like a very long fairy tale,” I agreed. “Our tradition says it was written about five thousand years ago by a man called Vyasadeva who lived in the Himalayas, and who some said was the literary incarnation of God. Some say he never died, that he is still alive somewhere in those mountains.”
Then I added, “It mostly about Lord Krishna.”
“Krishna,” she said. “Like Jiddu.”
“And unlike,” I said. “It tells the story of the Pandavas, who are powerful rulers, and their fights and wars and victories and adventures.”
“And trolls?” she asked.
“Rakshasas, yes.”
“Did you believe it?”
“What, the Mahabharata?”
“Yes.”
I had to think about that to answer truthfully.
Nobody read, or heard—for it was often read to children, especially by their grandparents—the Mahabharata with the conviction that it was not true. It all took place so long ago that anything could have walked the earth then, who’s to tell. Yet, had I really believed as I read, or as I heard Madhuri reading? True, Madhuri could talk to snakes, so wasn’t anything possible? Still, did I actually believe?
I could hear Madhuri’s voice again, reading to me by the watery light of a candle, sitting on her small stool by my bed, me under the cover, eyes wide and staring at the ceiling, seeing nothing of the room, seeing only the story as it unfolded in Madhuri’s beautiful sky of a voice, breathing trees and rivers and kings and princesses and battles so clearly that I could hear the men shout and could almost feel the cuts of swords, so clearly that I could smell the lotus petals as they fell from the exquisite hands of maidens onto clear pool water in preparation for Lord Krishna’s bath.
But, and that was the question, did I believe?
I looked at Harriet looking at me, waiting for my answer, understanding, it seemed, my silence.
I heard Madhuri’s voice again: “After Arjuna had left for the Himalayas, his brothers and Draupadi continued to live in the Kamyaka. They missed him sorely, and they had no idea how long he might be away or whether or not he would ever return. But they knew they would only be successful in their fight to regain the kingdom with Arjuna’s assistance. Thus they prayed for his safe passage to the mountains and for his success in gaining the celestial weapons.” And so I realized that I was sure, as I heard her then, that Arjuna would find the celestial weapons, and there was no sense at all of the untrue in me as I followed him up into the foothills to search for them.
“Yes,” I said, finally. “I believed it. Every word of it. To me, and to most Indians I think, the Mahabharata is not a fairy tale at all, but a book of our ancient history.”
“So you believe in trolls?”
“I did,” I said.
“But do you? Now?” She meant the question, urgently.
I thought of the word the snakes use for trolls, or what must be trolls, Hara: he who can move rocks; and suddenly I knew that the snakes didn’t make them up, in fact, I had never known a snake to lie.
“Yes,” I said. “I believe in trolls.”
“Can you drive?” she asked. Mischievously.
“Why, yes.”
“I want to go back.”
“To the shieling?”
“I want to look for them.”
“Mr. Nerman’s car?”
“Why not?”
“You must ask.”
“He’s asleep.”
“He’ll be angry.”
“He’s asleep.”
“We don’t have the keys.”
“I’ll get them.”

:

She did.
I had some trouble driving with the steering wheel on the left, but after a few fits and starts I got the hang of it.
Luckily, I have always had the knack of knowing exactly how to get to where I’ve once been. I remember roads traveled, very clearly. Harriet objected to a couple of my turns, but she was a terrible navigator, and once we were back on the dirt road heading into the forest she recognized, she said no more.
When we reached the shieling we found Athansor waiting, huge and white against the brown and black of forest. We parked and stepped out. I locked the car. God knows why, who’s around to steal it? I thought. Habit, I guess.
Athansor, shifting, shook his head and neck, then continued to watch us walk to him with dark, unblinking eyes. A little impatient to get going, was the impression I got: would we hurry it up, please.
I did not know what to expect in terms of the ride, but I had taken more or less for granted—once we saw him again—that, as before, we were getting onto his back. This, however, was not to be.
This time Athansor did not kneel; he simply waited for us to reach him, then turned and slowly walked into the forest, inviting us to follow.
This is where Harriet and I later disagreed. I could hear him clearly as he made his way over twigs, and moss, and stones. Harriet swears he didn’t make a sound. She was sure about it, she said, for she had found it amazing that an animal that size could walk so quietly, so soundlessly. She could hear her own progress, she said, and my feet too, but not a single noise had come from Athansor. Yes, she was positive about this.
True, he was walking quietly for a huge horse, but I heard him all right. I heard branches bend and swish back into place once he’d passed. I heard him breathe and sometimes snort like horses do. I heard his hoofs strike soft ground with a rustle and a muffled landing for each step. While she heard nothing of him. We never resolved that.
Be that as it may, he made his way into the forest and we followed. For a mile or more, perhaps two. We didn’t speak, we only followed, deeper and deeper into the denser and denser woods, watching his high and broad backside undulate softly forward, a white schooner almost, we in its wake.
Then he was gone. I may have looked away for just a second, and Harriet said she may have too. When we looked back—if indeed we had looked away—he was gone, and suddenly the forest was as dark as I’ve ever seen the Swedish summer night. It was as if the horse had illuminated our progress, softened the night, for now our eyes took their time adjusting to the lack of white horse. Finally they did, however, and we made out a large rock, covered with moss, to our right, then trunks and trunks surrounding us so densely they seemed to approach. To our left: a faint lifting of the night. We made our way toward it. And made it out as we got closer: a clearing.
Then trolls.
Not huge ones, not the twelve- or fourteen-foot ones of Bauer’s paintings, but trolls nonetheless. Not small though, don’t get me wrong, eight feet tall, perhaps nine: big. All of them. There were five I think, perhaps six, but who has the presence of mind to count accurately—to count at all—at a time like that?
Trolls. Twenty or so feet ahead, they stood abreast perhaps ten feet shy of the clearing, that lighter night behind them, so at first we only saw the dark outlines of several, oddly arranged mossy trees with long hair. Then the center tree shifted and said something in a deep voice that sounded more like stones touching than voice. The tree to his left replied and shifted his stance as well. Moving trees. Became trolls.
Harriet seized my arm and held on so hard it hurt. I turned her way and despite the dusk could see her face quite clearly. Eyes wide, but not in fear. Mesmerized.
“They are . . . ,” she said, or whispered, or screamed.
“Yes,” I said.
Stones touched stones again, and the center troll—maybe a touch taller than the others—took a long tree-like step toward us—no, not really a step: a gliding, but that wasn’t it either, he did have feet, and they did move—then he stopped, halfway between us and his comrades, surveyed us for quite some time, as if preparing an address, then spoke directly to us: and I could finally hear.
It took some time—well, it may only have been a matter of seconds, but long seconds—while I darted back through memory for the key to the sound. Those stones. That familiar touching. Those watery sounds. Like some distant waterfall.
Then I recognized them for what they were: snake talk.
“You wish to see us,” he said.
“You speak snake talk,” I said, too amazed to fully grasp it.
“I speak troll talk,” he answered. “The snakes stole it from us, and now claim it as their own.”
“But the snakes I know,” I began. “How could they have? They live thousands of miles away from here.”
“You are Nachiketa?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Athansor tells me you are from a land of tigers and many gods?”
“Yes,” I think I agreed.
“And still you don’t know that we walked the Earth long before the first snake slithered?”
“What is he saying?” asked Harriet.
I answered, not her, but the troll.
“I have heard the tales.”
“Tales,” he said. Almost sneezed. “Tales.”
When I didn’t answer immediately, he spoke again: “Why are you here?”
The water running over shifting pebbles and stones of his snake talk struck me as so natural, so of the Earth, that I had no problem believing that the language did indeed belong to them, that the snakes had borrowed it, or stolen it as the troll had put it.
“My mother . . . ,” I began.
“What is he saying?” Harried asked again, tugging at my arm.
“What is she saying?” he rumbled and pointed at Harriet with an enormous hand.
“She is wondering what you are saying?” I told him; then I quickly turned to Harriet, “He is telling me about snake talk, how it is really troll talk, and,” I added, “he is wondering what you are saying.”
“Why are you here?” he asked again.
“My mother wanted to see you,” I said.
“Who knows Athansor?” he wanted to know.
I didn’t understand the question, and I told him so.
“Who of you two,” again pointing with this large hand, first at me, then at Harriet, “knows the horse?”
That was an interesting, if odd, question, one that brought back a candlelit Indian night of me under the covers and Madhuri reading to me from the Mahabharata about Bhima’s first encounter with Hanuman and explaining to me—between passages, and with an understanding that twinkled in her eyes—that of course Hanuman looked like a monkey now, but when he was larger than the mountains and had leaped the oceans to come here, he had really been a white horse, larger than the skies. And his name then, she added, had been Atha-Sari, the veil of the world.
Atha-Sari, I thought to myself, or must have said aloud, for the troll waterfalled again.
“Atha-Sari? You know him by that name?”
“I don’t know,” I answered. “I’ve heard that name.”
“Who of you knows him?” he wanted to know again.
I turned to Harriet. “Have you known Athansor before?”
She didn’t understand.
“He wants to know which one of us knows Athansor. Have you seen him before last Christmas?”
“Not before the snowstorm, no,” she said. “When he was Phantom.” Then she added, “You?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “I may have met him as a child, in Madhuri’s stories.”
“Is it you?” asked the troll again. “Or is it she?”
“What does it matter?” I asked.
“It matters,” he said, and I could see that he was not about to elaborate.
“She never met him before the snowstorm,” I said. Then I said, and realized, at the same time: “I met him in many dreams as a child.”
“What snowstorm?” he wanted to know.
“Last Christmas,” I said, “New York, on our way to . . .”
“New York?” he interrupted.
“It is a large city, in America.”
“I’ve heard of America, and now that you mention it, I think I’ve heard of New York. What snowstorm?”
I was coming to that, I thought, but did not share. “Last Christmas morning we were going to Christmas Mass when the sky fell upon us. Nothing but snow. We were lost and seemed to have been moved to a different city. Truly lost.
“Athansor, his name was Phantom then, came to our rescue, but then delivered us into the hands of a congregation of thieves and almost got us killed, well, almost got me killed, sacrificed in stage play; would have, if I hadn’t known snake talk.”
“Troll talk,” he corrected.
“Troll talk,” I corrected. “Would have, if I hadn’t know troll talk to enlist the help of a small pride of cobras. Would have been one head short now.”
“Maybe his idea of a joke,” suggested the troll.
“Whose idea of a joke?” I didn’t quite follow.
“Athansor’s.”
What do you say to that? Perhaps Pearly Soame’s idea of a joke, but he had been quite serious about it. Athansor didn’t strike me as the joking kind. I truly didn’t know what to answer, so I said, “Maybe.”
I suddenly realized that the forest was dead quiet, no birds, not a single note of song. No movements. No wind. They commanded respect, these trolls, I thought.
And into this foresty silence Madhuri read to me from long ago: “Hanuman replied, ‘That form cannot be seen by you or anyone else. When I leapt over the ocean, things were quite different than they are now. It was a different age, and everything was greater. Now that Kali-yuga is about to begin, all things have diminished. I can no longer display that gigantic form because every being must obey the dictates of time. I am no exception. Therefore, please do not ask me to reveal that form.’”
But in her story Bhima had insisted: he wanted to see Hanuman in his ancient form, and eventually Hanuman relented and expanded his monkey form to massive proportions, to the size of a mountain. But, said Madhuri, we all know that he was really a horse. He was Lord Krishna’s white horse, Atha-Sari. And this was a horse I got to ride in many a dream, into many a great battle, against many an army where I slew millions with my sword, and millions more with my spear, and more millions still were trampled by Atha-Sari’s hoofs, thirsty for blood that they were.
Lord Krishna’s horse.
And only then did I make the connection: Atha-Sari, Athansor. Surely.
“Yes,” I said. “I know him.” But not in snake talk.
The troll waterfalled.
“Sorry,” I said, then said it again in his tongue.
“So, it’s you?”
“I rode him as a child in my dream,” I said.
Then he did smile. Well, it had to be a smile. It was a grimace with many teeth that made me feel good. Also, the tip of his tail still rested peacefully on the ground. Had it begun to twitch or whisk—were my dreams to be believed—I would have run, knowing the attack would be imminent. But that was not the case. He was all smiles, and even the others, the whole band I guess, made friendly movements behind him, with large mouths.
Then the troll turned to his comrades and asked for something, I didn’t catch what. They did, though, and soon something seemed to pass from one troll hand to the next and was at last brought to the troll who had addressed us. He turned to face us again, then covered (moved-shifted-glided) the remaining distance to Harriet and me. Stirred his way for us, might be a better way of putting it. Either way, here he was, looking down at me, hand outstretched, and a beautiful tiger’s-eye, dark and watching, nestled in his huge hand.
“I don’t think he meant to have you killed,” he said, sounding as conciliatory as water and pebbles possibly can. “He knew that you knew troll talk. Besides,” he added, looking down at his hand and the gem nestled in it, “he wants you to have this.”
I looked again at the silent stone, so small at first in that giant paw. Once I took it, however, it grew to the size of a small egg that shone with a light of its own, and I could see Lord Krishna wink at me when I shifted it in my hand.
Harriet moved towards me to get a better look, but the troll shifted his gaze threateningly—this moment must not be disturbed—and the long tail twitched just enough to tell her: stay put. Which she did.
Instead I turned to her, and held out my hand.
She looked at the stone and then at me and then at the troll. “What is this for?”
“A gift from our friend the white horse,” I said.
“They know him?”
“Yes.”
“What did you talk about?”
“He kept asking which of us knew Athansor.”
“And?”
“And, I remembered.”
“You know him?”
“I think I do.” Then “It’s a long story,” as the troll shifted what must be construed as impatiently, and without making a sound, tail at rest again, though.
“She wants to see trolls?” he asked, or stated, and pointed at Harriet, a curious habit apparently not at all impolite among them.
“Yes,” I said.
“So be it,” he said, and turned and pointed, “You, and you,” at two of his four comrades.
They came up to us, as silently and mysteriously as their apparent leader, and without any ado we found ourselves on tall, and very comfortable, shoulders. And then we moved.
Moved soundlessly and quickly over hills and around lakes, through woods and marsh and field, to arrive—after what could have been hours but was most likely only a matter of minutes—at a steep, foreboding mountain, bearded with pine and moon shadow. At a loud rumble from the leader an undetectable door slid open to the pitch blackness within and we moved through and into a musty warmness, glowing almost with life and lighting too once the door had closed behind us. Features seemed to grow out of the rock and into a hallway, then into a room, then into a hall, huge and expectant, for it filled with eyes, each large and paired, and turned in our direction.
Our bearers carried us a little farther into the vast chamber, then put us down, gently, and, like I had seen Athansor do, awayed away.
“Trolls,” said our host to Harriet, and revealed with a sweep of his hand what struck me as a congregation.
“Trolls,” I translated.
“I can see that,” she said, surveying the hundreds of stares. “Many trolls.”
Then she turned to me and asked, “This is happening, isn’t it?”
I did then what I had seen done in movies sometimes, and in cartoons, but had never seen done in real life: I pinched her and she squealed a little and held my eyes with her astonished ones.
“So we are not dreaming.”
“I don’t think we are,” I said.
“Oh, Nachiketa,” she said, and looked back out over the hall and the many eyes turned her way. “I should be terrified. In the fairy tales we will soon be boiled and eaten, but they mean us no harm, do they?” She looked at me. Not quite for assurance.
“No,” I said. And I knew that to be true. “They mean us no harm at all.”
The leader said something I didn’t catch to someone I didn’t see, but soon two chairs were brought, just about our size. “For children,” he waterfalled.
And so we sat down, to what I was soon to realize was a reception. For the many eyes—all with trolls to go along with them, now that our eyes had begun to accept what they saw—were forming a line, and at a word from what I to this day think of as their leader, though he wasn’t, they came, one by one: to shake our hands, which actually meant that we shook one of their fingers, and more importantly, especially for the she-trolls (females seems an inappropriate word), to touch Harriet’s face.
She jerked her head back at the first approach, the first large, black, hairy finger that reached for her cheek, and the leader growled just enough to freeze her stock still in her chair. But the finger meant absolutely no harm, and, from what she later told me, delivered the gentlest touch she had ever experienced.
One by one the she-trolls, and many of the (I want to say men, but that’s equally inappropriate), many of the he-trolls, after the formal greeting, touched her perfect skin in awe, and longingly, by the looks in their eyes. Harriet soon relaxed and seemed content to have the whole world of trolls touch her for themselves.
“She would make a wonderful sacrifice,” the leader bent down and rustled in my ear.
My heart sank like a stone and for a dark, exploding moment I panicked. I swung my head to face him and only then did I catch his smile.
“It’s a joke,” he said, when he saw my face.
“Some joke,” I answered.
When I looked over at Harriet to see if she by any chance had caught or felt my alarm, I saw that her eyes were shiny and full and that her cheeks were moist with a trickle of tears. She looked very happy.
Stirred by what I saw, I took another look, for something was out of place, or very in place, and then I saw it: her face. It was longer that of a fifty-year-old woman with traces of wrinkle, but of a girl many years younger and with milk for cheeks. I should not have been surprised, I guess, for most things were possible in Athansor’s world; but I nevertheless felt the earth shift while I tried to ignore the leader, who wanted my attention again and was now tapping the top of my head with a persistent finger.
I looked up at him.
“This is my wife,” he said, and pointed directly at a huge tree of a troll in a waist-to-floor skirt of leaves and a shirt of water-lilies. “The queen.”
As she wayed her way towards us she kept growing until, standing by the leader’s side and looking down at me, she was at least twice my height, and quite a bit taller than her husband. If she was the queen, was he then the king, their ruler? Something told me not. By the sudden silence in the hall I knew that these trolls were ruled by his wife.
I stood up and she offered me a long finger. I shook it and she smiled.
I told Harriet, who—seeing the line stop and back off in deference to their queen—looked in my direction with a wondering frown. “She’s their queen,” I whispered. She, too, stood up then, and shook the queen’s finger.
“Friends of Athansor are friends of us,” she said, which I translated to Harriet. Harriet smiled in return, and I realized that she had no idea that she had lost thirty or so years by coming here, or that at least her face had. I wondered in passing what age my face might be. I was myself, that’s how I felt, but there were no mirrors to tell about my face one way or the other.
A large chair, I guess you would have to say throne, was rushed to our side and the queen sat down, while her husband remained standing. Then the line reformed at a wave of her hand. I saw by the leader’s expression that his wife, indeed, ran things here, something I suspect he may not have meant for me to notice.
With the last of the line past us and returned to the greater droning of the hall, a space was cleared directly in front of us, like a stage, and the entertainment began.

:

Two acts into the performance, which had all the indications of being quite impromptu, what few notions I had formed about trolls during the greeting ceremony now had to be revised; or perhaps I should say that the deeper notions, those that tugged at me though they didn’t make much sense, were confirmed.
Trolls are huge and look awkward and clumsy, there’s no doubt about that; except, as I had already noticed, they could walk—glide may be the best word—without making a sound.
And clumsy is the one thing they are not.
The first act was a pair of jugglers. I have never seen anything like it. Not before, not since.
Motionless at first, like small, windless, side-by-side trees, they faced us without expressions. Each had a crouched helper who began the act by tossing each a stone, the size of an orange perhaps, which they each deflected with a quick move of fingers to the other, who as nonchalantly flicked it back: two stones were in play. 
The helpers then tossed them a second pair of the smooth stones, slightly larger, which were similarly incorporated into the dance. And so, by pairs—I lost count at about ten—and of ever-increasing size, a cloud of rock was forming between and around the two jugglers, whose hands were now moving too fast for the naked eye to see.
To this amazement the helpers added perhaps five more pairs of, well, they were small rocks by this time—small shiny melons—which were all received with the same wonderful dexterity and strength. In the end I could do nothing but gawk at the simply unbelievable whirl of mineral, arm, and finger.
Harriet, too, had trouble believing, for her mouth had come open and would not close. Her eyes did not blink, and she certainly did not return my glance.
Then I stole a glance to my left, at the queen and her husband, to confirm that this was indeed extraordinary (surely this was not commonplace). But when I saw the queen dozing behind half-closed lids I realized that she’d been there, done that quite a few times: commonplace, apparently.
I returned to the impossible. The helpers had now run out of stones, but the cloud still formed, shaping now with building speed, and with the growing thunder of feet stomping: softly at first and then, hundreds of them, harder and harder, while the two jugglers, hidden behind the swirl and dance of stone, began to chant in not-quite snake talk. I could only make out the occasional word like “Forest” and “Stream” and “Cloud” and “Mountain.” It could have been a prayer. 
The stones then formed an arch of whirlwind that spanned the air between them in strata of size, into a bridge of flying stone in the midst of growing thunder.
Then (everybody seemed to know exactly when; not a single foot hit the floor in the dead silence), the arch of stone changed direction toward us and the queen and then formed a pyramid at her feet, built from large to small, the two smallest stones landing last, one atop the other.
The jugglers re-were still and silent trees, expecting nothing. Not bowing.
No one clapped or gave any other hints of appreciation.
“Fine,” said the queen, awake now. “Fine.”
Fine?
The jugglers vanished into the crowd. The two helpers and two other trolls—the helpers’ helpers?—collected the rocks, and then the a cappella choir took their places in front of us and began their chant.
These were—and I counted them—an even dozen of what must have been young she-trolls, with voices so un-troll like, so pure and clear that you drank—or swam—them rather than heard them.
The only thing I have ever heard since that even resembles, or rather, makes a feeble reference to, this music, is the Bulgarian choirs which also sing a cappella and weave mysterious fabrics in the air. Still, that comparison does no justice to what we heard that night.
Voices like that had no business leaving throats like that, but then again, as Harriet later told me about them touching her cheeks: “How can something so ugly be so gentle?” To which she had added, answering herself: “Perhaps they are not ugly. It’s all a matter of viewpoint, isn’t it? Of what you consider ugly. To each other, I’m sure they are not ugly at all. We’re probably hideous to them.” I told her I very much doubted that they found her hideous, but she didn’t answer, just touched her cheek.
My question, hearing this choir (although choir seems a little incongruous), ran much along the same line: how can something so ugly, how can throats so hairy, so coarse, produce such astonishing sounds? And I answered myself in a similar vein as well: perhaps the only drawable conclusion is that they are not ugly at all, their throats are not coarse, that is all my misconception; all a matter of viewpoint.
I have never heard twelve-part harmony, not before, not after; and I am to this day not sure whether there in fact were twelve distinct melody lines—for who on Earth can count beyond four or five—but I do suspect that each of these trolls wove their personal path across the space between us and them.
Magic is another word that doesn’t quite describe it.
If the jugglers’ dance was rock, then this was twice the dance of voice. Even the queen was wide-awake and stayed so: this was apparently a little out of the ordinary then. Her husband was smiling, too.
Harriet had yet to close her mouth, and her eyes were wide and alert, astonished, like mine, to take in such wonders.
They stood still, these twelve voices, their feet at rest, their legs and arms at rest, and nothing rustled their leafy skirts. Shoulders, ears, tails, hair, all at rest. Eyes closed, only lips and tongues in motion, and below that, golden vocal chords.
Were there melodies and counterpoint, statements and replies? I honestly don’t remember. I believe there may not be a human ear in existence that can, at least on the fly, analyze and break into parts the fabric that arrived, fully woven, into ours, and, like a magic carpet, found and lifted us and brought us along.
Over waters; over snowy fields under star-spangled winter skies, a trillion ice crystals humming below. Then up and out into space itself, looking for and finding the winds of light to fill our sails. This was music of the gods, they way they intended it, the music I am sure Lord Krishna remembers fondly when he looks back upon his youth.
Then came one long simultaneous intake of air into twelve pairs of lungs and twelve notes emerged: crystal clear and in so precisely the same pitch as to be wholly indistinguishable one from the other; and this single note, this perfectly multi-layered single note, spread like a fabric, like a sheet, of ice if you will, that extended in all directions quite endlessly until with the same unearthly coordination it simply ceased into silence.
No one moved. No one breathed.
“Fine,” said the queen.
That, I thought later on, was the understatement of a lifetime.
The choir, like the jugglers, did not bow, nor move, but simply dissolved into the surrounding forest of troll. In a way I felt a little cheated, a little incomplete, in that I did not get the chance to thank them each individually for that magic, but that, apparently, just was not done.

:

And, as I said, I had to revise whatever prior notions I had about trolls.
A third act was assembling. It was apparently to be a dance of some kind, and since I now knew what level of artistry to expect, I was bracing myself for something impossible, when a quick pattern was rapped on the front door and the queen’s hand came up as a signal to stop.
A messenger opened the door and exchanged whispers with the guard outside, then returned to what I still thought of as the leader, and his queen, with the murmured news.
“Athansor,” the leader leaned into my ear, as if that was all that needed said.
“Now?” I was almost incredulous.
“Almost dawn,” he said. And that, I saw, was supposed to explain everything.
I turned to Harriet. “We have to go.”
She did not want to move either, that was plain, but when I repeated have to, and quite urgently, she sighed and stirred.
At a snap of her large, loud fingers, the queen had something brought to her. She held out her hand, and it was dropped into it like a little silver snake. Then she nodded, folded her fingers around it, and rose. She turned to Harriet—who rose too—then stooped down to give it to her.
Harriet, upon seeing what it was, lowered her head a little and allowed the queen to place the gift around her neck. It was a chain, silver or white gold, with a single crystal sparkling, almost humming, on her chest.
“Oh, thank you,” said Harriet, “Thank you,” and I translated.
The queen smiled and muttered, “For a true wisher.”
“What did she say?” asked Harriet.
“For a true wisher,” I said.
Harriet looked up at the queen and I could see on her face that she wanted to ask questions, many, but none came out. Then the queen nodded, first at me, then at Harriet, and turned away from us in a rather magnificent sweep that said goodbye. After a few steps she turned again, and bowed to Harriet. As graceful a gesture as a tree has ever performed. To me she spoke: “Thank you.”
Then she turned again and left.
Her husband led us outside, and lifted first Harriet, then me, up onto Athansor’s large back, effortlessly, as if we were nothing but children (which, of course, to him, we were).
“You have made us very happy by coming,” he said to both of us.
“What did he say?” asked Harriet.
I told her, and she smiled at him.
He smiled back, then turned in that same sweeping movement that said goodbye. And then we were off.
Off so quickly that we didn’t even have the opportunity to look back and wave, since we were elsewhere within a breath or two. Then, forests, lakes and fields later, we were back at the shieling and Mr. Nerman’s car, shining with dew in the morning sun.
As was his habit by now, Athansor kneeled to let us off. Then, without as much as a glance in our direction, he trotted off into the forest and was gone.
We drove back in silence, and among many other things I was wondering what to tell Mr. Nerman about borrowing his car.

:

As luck had it, Mr. Nerman was still asleep when we got back to the inn. Karin, however, was awake and at it, and insisted on feeding us what looked like a dinner to me, since we looked so hungriga (which I took to mean starving, and which Harriet with a smile confirmed was exactly what the word meant). Truth is, Karin was right, and I dug in to the fried potatoes and eggs with a vengeance. I felt as if I had not eaten for days.
I turned to Harriet and was a little surprised to see her normal, current face returned, the little wrinkles around her mouth shifting in the sun as she chewed the toast and swallowed the coffee.
“Did you notice . . . ,” I started, but saw that she had not heard me.
“Did you notice?” I said again, louder, and her eyes shifted from far away toward me, looking for the source of voice.
“Notice what?” she wondered finally.
“Your face. In the hall.”
She considered that, gaze off again into distance. “I noticed their fingers,” she said after a while. “They were so gentle.”
“Not the age?” I asked.
She didn’t understand.
“In the hall, when they came by to touch you, your face grew younger,” I said. 
She didn’t answer at first, only looked at me as if to unmask me somehow.
“Seriously,” I said.
“How young?” she asked.
“I’d say the face of Queen Christina,” I answered, truthfully.
“Ah,” she said, and touched her cheek, which seemed to remember and confirm. “There was something so . . . ,” she looked for the word, “so elating about their touch. Maybe that was what I felt?”
“I can’t say,” I answered honestly. “I didn’t see it change. Nor did I see it change back. But I saw it when they touched you. You were like a young girl again.”
“The touch,” she said. “The gentlest.”
Then I remembered the queen’s parting words: For a true wisher. Whose wish, I wondered, had rejuvenated her face?
Was it Harriet’s wish, returning her to the days of Hollywood? Was it my wish to see my mother my own age? Or was it the wish of the trolls, wishing with their fingers to touch the perfect skin?
We had almost finished our breakfast when Mr. Nerman sauntered into the kitchen, looking sleepy still.
“We borrowed your car last night,” said Harriet. Quite cheerfully.
I doubt many things could have woken him up quicker, or more thoroughly.
“You what?” Then he patted his pockets for the keys, which did not tinkle a response, and a small panic rose to his face. Then he spotted the keys on the table.
“Borrowed your car,” she clarified. “Just for a drive to the shieling.”
He looked at her for some time, then at the keys—which were closer to me than to her—then at me; then seemed to add two and two together, to arrive at: he relaxed a fraction. “You drove?” he said to me. It sounded a like a very short prayer.
“Yes,” I said. Then he relaxed all the way.
“I didn’t want to wake you up,” she said. “You slept so sweetly.”
He didn’t answer. Still recuperating.
“Nothing happened to it,” she added. “Nachiketa is a good driver.”
“Please don’t do that again,” he said. “Not without asking me first.”
“I promise,” she said.
He sat down to his own little mountain of fried potatoes and eggs, and I looked out the window, at the lilacs, at the birches, at the many birds, and across the wide, wild lawn toward the little creek at the end of it. So much morning.
And Athansor?

:

Later that afternoon we all piled back into Mr. Nerman’s car and headed back to Stockholm. He had an appointment with his publisher and Harriet had promised to visit the Wachmeisters, she told me. As for me, I was booked on a flight for London the following morning.
Before we left, we thanked Karin profusely and Mr. Nerman gave her a present of a hundred Swedish Kronor. That seemed like a lot of money, by Karin’s reaction, and she promptly refused to take it. It took quite a little persuasion to get her to finally accept. So much, in fact, that Harriet quietly shook her head when I reached for my own wallet to follow suit.
Karin waved with her entire body as we pulled out of the driveway and headed onto the main road. I waved back, as did Harriet. Mr. Nerman did not; he was again busy driving his new Volvo Amazon.
Harriet was quiet most of the journey. Mr. Nerman, who by now had told us all there was to tell about his car, at least twice, was quiet as well, concentrating instead on the drive. I sat in the back and wondered about Lord Krishna, whether he’d ever been a horse and what he would have looked like if he had. Or if he knew Athansor.
We stayed the night at Mr. Nerman’s apartment, a nice three-bedroom flat in the part of Stockholm called Ostermalm—it’s like the Upper East Side, said Harriet, though a bit more stuffy. Old money. And old money, in this town, she added, is old: at least a few centuries.
In the morning, before the taxi arrived to pick me up me for the ride to the airport, Harriet sat down with me in Mr. Nerman’s living room, and took my hand in both of hers. Her strong, dry fingers felt like a small embrace. My hand was very happy.
She searched my eyes and said, “Do you think I’m a horrible woman?”
Those were not the words I had expected, and I guess my face showed it.
“For why?” I said, aware of my grammatical bungle, though not sure how I had managed it.
“For why?” she repeated, and laughed. “Can you say that?”
“Not really,” I said.
“For because,” she said. “For because I won’t admit to being your mother.”
“But you have,” I said.
“Yes,” she said. “To you, but not to the world.” She fell silent. Then, after some reflection, she added, “Would it make you happy, Nachiketa, if I did?”
And there it was: the question I had not really dared to ask myself over these last few years, but that had lurked, unasked and mostly undisturbed, like some ocean trench, in the bottom of me.
I let the secret out then, into the open: I let Harriet announce me to the world, to the papers, to the radio reporters, to the television stations, to the millions of the world that now wanted to see me and touch me and know me as the son of Harriet Brown, and I saw the crowds waiting in London, as I touched down from my brief flight from Stockholm, and the crowds waiting for me in New York, and the mob waiting for me outside my apartment, waiting for a glimpse of me leaving or returning, and the reporters with their blinding flashbulbs stalking me like they have stalked her; and I saw my face on a rainbow of front pages, shielding my eyes from their glare, running away perhaps, or turning back to smile with an effort; and I saw a life wrested from me and thrown to the maws of curiosity, and suddenly it was brilliantly clear to me that this was the last thing I wanted.
Harriet remained quiet, and when my gaze returned, I saw that she was still studying me for my response.
“No,” I said then, with conviction. “It would not make me happy. You have told me, and that is enough. And you have shown me, with your own life, what would happen to mine if you did tell. It is none of the world’s business. And, perhaps,” I said, looking at the mob of reporters lingering still in my mind, “perhaps your silence has been your greatest, and ongoing, gift to me.”
I knew then, when she reached out and pulled me close to her, that she knew exactly what I meant. “I would like to claim that your protection had been my intention,” she said close to my ear, “but it wasn’t. Still, I see now that it was for the best, even for you.”
I nodded.
“I am happy, Nachiketa, to know you,” she said. “Not only as my son, but as you: as a strange, snake-talking Indian boy with blue eyes.”
Which pretty well summed me up.
I was still nodding slowly, a little drunk with the sudden intimacy. “And I am happy to know you,” was the most original thing I could think of.


::The World::

There was a heat wave in London that summer and early fall.
I didn’t mind all that much—this was nothing like India, after all—but those around me suffered.
A few days after I got back, I received a postcard from Harriet which she must have mailed from the Stockholm airport: it had a picture on it of the new traffic tower at Arlanda. “Change of plans,” she wrote in a hasty hand. “Going to Greece.”
This was followed about a week later by a letter she had written on the plane and mailed on her arrival in Athens. She had received an invitation from Onassis, she wrote. Seems he’d had a falling-out with Maria Callas, and she had accepted before he could change his mind, is how she put it.
She went on to tell me how nice he was, Mr. Onassis, and what a wonderful boat he had. “Well, you’ve seen it,” she wrote, as if she just remembered, which was probably the case. “The Christina. Where we first met.”
And she really liked the Mediterranean, so good for her complexion, for her many little wrinkles. No trolls anymore to touch them away. And he’s such a funny man, and considerate. And, oh so deliciously rich.
I felt a little moth of loss in my chest at reading the letter. It was as if she was leaving me behind again, dockside, while she and her important friends were heading out into the Aegean Sea. I told myself to not be silly, she was telling me after all, wasn’t she? And she ended her letter wishing I was there, didn’t she?
Her next letter, mailed from Monte Carlo a few weeks later, signaled another change of plans: Onassis and Callas were apparently seeing eye to eye again, and since Callas didn’t much care for Harriet, and was quite vocal about it, Harriet had opted to leave the Christina and instead accept an invitation from a Sam Spiegel, producer of some renown apparently, whose yacht, the Malahne, was moored next to Mr. Onassis’s Christina. George Schlee, her friend from New York, had arrived too, and while again ending her letter by wishing I was there, off she went. To be swallowed, apparently, by her world, same as I was slowly being reclaimed, chewed, and swallowed by mine.

:

And what is it with the world that it is such a bully? Such a jealous guardian of its onlyness.
I’m asking, because there were some days, within a month after our magical Christmas morning at the Gustavus Adolphus Swedish Lutheran Church—or what masqueraded as it—that I actually forgot that it had happened; so pressing were the details of now, of finishing the initial design, of answering this or that call, of meeting this or that deadline, of buying that milk, that butter, and perhaps some chapatti if only they would sell it nearby, that the world filled all there was of me with its many worries, large and small, leaving no room for memories.
And now, just a few months after seeing Harriet, and a several-years-dead Oskar, and trolls for heaven’s sake—and their incredible performances—the world of London gradually poured itself into me, minute by minute, filled me up, took me over, and softly muffled these incredible and still-recent events.
And isn’t the world even more devious? Can it not at times, I guess by strength of its inconsiderate realness, cast shadows of doubt upon the very certainties that fuel us? Can it not, by its persuasive everywhere, asphyxiate whatever does not agree—demand its banishment?
And I say that, for had it not been for the tiger’s-eye, which I always carried in my pocket as a sort of charm and a reminder of the magic, the world may have succeeded in drowning the summer altogether—succeeded in proving to me (logically, objectively, common-sensely) that all had been dream: analyzable and psychologically interesting delusions. But whenever I touched the stone, by chance or intentionally, I remembered again, and again, and again saw that huge hand, the tiger’s-eye a little lamp within. And that would send the world packing.
But the world is nothing if not persistent, and it assailed me, incessantly, that fall in London, and it never ceased to try to prove its supremacy. And I think that perhaps it was the same for Harriet during her summer of cruising, and then during her fall in New York. For while she still wrote me quite often, her letters grew shorter and shorter and her English more and more careless. About ports they visited: Capri, Palermo, Venice, the island of Ithaca, ending, always, with those almost obligatory, wish you were heres. About Mr. and Mrs. so and so coming on board, and then leaving at the next port. About Mr. Onassis, whom she called Ari in her letters, who had come aboard too, in Ithaca— Callas in tow, she said, looking at Harriet with Spanish daggers for eyes. Ari, she wrote, always playing practical jokes on people. Always so funny.
Then, October by now, it was back to New York with Mr. Schlee, and oh, so much to do to get settled again, and oh, how unbearably hot New York was, even in October, shouldn’t it have cooled down by now, it was nearly winter for heaven’s sake. And in her hurried scribbles, there was no mention of trolls, or of Athansor, or of Mr. Lindberg and his magical psalm. There was only the real world, swallowing her bit by bit and digesting her to pieces.
As mine never quite ceased trying to.
I guess immediate matters are immediate because you need food, and you need a place to sleep, and you need clothes, and so your attention rivets to the groceries and to the newspaper headlines, and to what your clients like and don’t like about the design you are explaining in great detail as they ask a thousand questions while caressing their pipes or using their stems as pointers, unmindful of whether little drops of saliva, brown with tar, fall on the drawing you’ve so carefully prepared: what if we put this window over here?

And then this letter arrives.

Wit’s End
24 November, 1959

Dear Nachiketa,

What happened to time? It seems like it was just the other day that you and I were eating ourselves silly in Dalarna while Karin, bless her heart, insisted on feeding us more. Do you remember?
New York has finally cooled down and I can breathe again, I can have the windows open and feel the moist air rush off the river and into my living room. I wish you were here, with me, and we could talk again.
I’ve heard from friends that Mercedes has finished a book, an autobiography, and that she plans to publish it. I hear there are pictures in it from when she and I visited a little island in California and sunbathed topless. There, I’ve said it. So, if you see this book, and these pictures, you will believe me, I hope and pray, when I say that there was nothing else going on, just sunbathing.
And, oh, I have another confession. I cannot find the necklace. You know the one, the one with the crystal. The one the queen of the trolls gave me. She did, did she not? It did happen, did it not? Sometimes I am no longer sure, it seems so misty, somehow, so far away and hardly possible, and when I last went to find my necklace to make sure I wasn’t making it all up, I could not find it. I still cannot.
I wish you could come for Christmas again, Nachiketa, but George Schlee and his wife have made elaborate plans to “keep me from brooding” and I mustn’t let them down. Their plan is to keep me busy, keep me doing things. Parties, which I hate, but feel I have to go to since they’ve all gone to the trouble of inviting me, and it seems to work, for I do brood less, I think less, I talk less to myself. But I can’t find the necklace.
I hope the weather is fine in London and that you are doing well in your job and that you’re making lots of money and investing it wisely. Real estate is the best advice I can give in that regard. Seems like prices of buildings are always going up, never going down, no matter what happens with stocks and bonds. Try to save some money and buy yourself a building or two. That’ll see you through.

Many kisses,

Harriet

To this day I have not laid eyes on the book Mercedes de Acosta published.
I think it was called Therein Lies the Heart, or something like that. Cecil Beaton made mention of it some time later, said the book was out and about, as he put it. I never bothered to find it, but I was touched that Harriet had warned me about it.
But the necklace.
I wrote back the same day.

London
November 28, 1959

Dear Harriet,
It is so good to hear from you again, and to hear that New York has finally turned habitable. I tried to call you earlier today, but you did not answer. You were probably out, visiting museums or something.
When it comes to weather, you should try London. We had frost last night, and the temperature has barely made it above freezing today. It spells a cold winter if you ask me. Not what I cherish. Far from it.
I wish I could visit you for the holidays as well, but I can see that you have a busy season in store, and, hoping to not sound too peevish, I see that I would not fit into those plans very well.
Thanks for telling me about the book. Please do not worry, I will always believe you, for you always tell me the truth. That I do know. And appreciate.
I am sorry to hear that you have lost the necklace. When did you last have it? Can you remember? I still have my tiger’s-eye—I touch it many times a day—so I am certain that it all happened, Harriet. It really did. Still, I wonder at times. That is, until I touch the tiger’s-eye again, for when I do it winks at me and tells me the truth, just like you always do.
As far as making money goes. Well, ends meet comfortably, thank you. Jiddu calls me now and then just to make sure, and I always tell him not to worry, and he seems happy about that. My profession carries considerable financial reward, if you’re good at it, and I have come to find out that I’m good at it, although I do not have enough saved yet to consider buying buildings. When I do though, I will certainly keep your advice in mind, for I agree with you, buildings are probably the best kind of investment you can make.
But back to the necklace. You must try to find it. It all happened. Please don’t ever doubt that. It was you who found the shieling. It was your face they touched. It was you they honored with their juggling and song. The necklace will prove it.
Call me if you find it, please. Without it, we may not see Athansor again.
Meanwhile, I hope New York stays livable.

I Love you,

Nachiketa

:

Two weeks later she rang. The 13th of December, Santa Lucia’s Day.
“I found it,” she said.
When I didn’t respond right away, “The necklace. I found it.”
“Where was it?” I asked.
“Well,” she began, then hesitated. “It was more like it found me.”
I waited for more to follow over the hissing line, marginally aware of the hard, cool receiver against my ear. I cupped my hand around it, the better to hear.
“Were was it?”
“In an ankle boot,” she said.
“Ankle boot?”
“Yes, that’s what they are. Brown, and lined. They’re warm. Winter shoes. This morning when I reached into my closet for my gray walking shoes, I came out with one of the ankle boots instead. I was about to put it back when I noticed it felt heavy. As if, you know, there was something in it.”
“And there was?”
“Yes. The necklace.”
“You hadn’t searched there before?”
“In the boots? What would it do in the boots?”
Good point.
“I don’t know,” I said.
“The thing is, Nachiketa, I meant to wear my gray walking shoes. I knew where they were, I use them every day. I reached for them, you know, without even thinking or looking. My hand knew where they were. But it was as if the boots and the shoes had traded places. My hand went in for the shoes and came out with a boot. And what was the necklace doing there?”
“I don’t know,” I said again.
“You think I’m crazy?”
That is a question you should never let anybody wait for a reply to. “Of course not.”
“But that’s how I found it,” she said. “Or it me. But it seemed smaller somehow. The chain a little thinner. The crystal a little darker.”
“Maybe it was sad,” I suggested, more as a joke than anything.
“That was my thought, precisely,” she answered, not joking; and we both fell silent. Me into an amazement at what she had just said, and perhaps the same for her.
When she returned she said, “You don’t know the half of it. When I put it on, it clasped itself at the back of my neck, Nachiketa. As if the ends of the chain were little hands, reaching for each other. When I brought them close enough they simply clasped.” Then, “Am I going crazy?”
Again, a quick: “No. No, you’re not.”
“Then I went into the kitchen to show it to Claire, to let her know I’d found it, and she began to ooh and aah about how beautiful it was and how it sparkled and shone, and as I looked down at it, I swear, it was back to the size and color I remembered. And the crystal was sparkling and shining.”
“Happy,” I heard myself saying.
“Yes,” she said. “It was happy.”
Then neither of us said anything for what must have been five long breaths.
“Did they make a sound?”
“What do you mean?”
I’m not sure I had meant to ask that, but I did wonder, and I must have wondered aloud. “The hands,” I said.
“Clasping?”
“Yes.”
Another short silence while she thought about that. “No. Not that I remember.”
“Well, hands that small,” I began.
“Wouldn’t make a sound,” she completed.
“Considering where it came from,” I said. “It’s no wonder . . .”
“It wanted to be found,” she interrupted. “I’m sure of it.”
I agreed.
“Well, I wanted to let you know,” she said, suddenly all business. Which sounded a little odd, and more than anything struck me as an attempt to swim back up to the surface and pretend that you’re not a fish. Then, “I have to go.” Just like a normal person with normal things to do.
But we were fish. We could breathe underwater. There was no denying it.
Though what I said was, “Thanks, Harriet. I really appreciate your calling.”
“I have to be somewhere,” she said, feeling, I believe, she owed me some sort of explanation.
“No, that’s fine,” I said, knowing that if she said she had to go, it meant she had to go, for I don’t think she ever lied to me.
“Bye,” she said.
“Bye.”
She hung up.
We are fish, I thought again, able to breathe underwater. As uncommon and unreal as people come. We are also lungless, wingless birds, able to fly and breathe among the stars, where anything is possible.
After I replaced the receiver, I brought out my tiger’s-eye, just to make sure.

:

I didn’t sleep much that night. Or, in any case, not very well. For I dreamed, and in my dream, the real world—the one with refrigerators and television sets, football games and drawing boards, telephones and gainful employment—was looking at me, watching my every move, with suspicious doors, furniture, pens, telephones, what have you.
And what it accused me of, again, and firmly, and sensibly, was delusion.
I awoke in a slight sweat. My wristwatch luminesced two-thirty in the morning. It was dark outside. With the help of filtered streetlight I could make out the ceiling, but barely. Had everything been a dream then, as the world claimed? Even the tiger’s-eye?
I had to get up, to touch it, hold that other reality in my hand and see it wink back at me, knowingly, reassuringly. To know that it was found and touched by, maybe even made by, trolls: imaginary beings that disagreed with the world.
I reached for it, but it was gone.
I kept it on my bedside table, every night. I carried it in my left-hand trouser pocket, every day. Neither place. Nor was it in the right-hand pocket. Jacket then? No. At the office? No, I remembered looking at it last night after Harriet hung up. In which hand? The left, yes, slowly up and down in my left hand. And then back into my pocket, as always, right?
No, no, by the phone, I put it down by the phone.
Out into the hallway, turn on the light, over to the phone. And yes, there it was. Thank God. It looked darker, smaller, against the dark wood of the phone table. Forlorn. Lost, I said to myself. It looks lost, unhappy.
I picked it up, embraced it—if you can embrace something the size of a pinball— and it hugged me back, I swear. Happy to be found.
Could everything still be dream, as the room and its many allies suggested?
I looked out at the silent street below. It was drizzling now, I could smell the rain, always a pleasant smell for me, at least in these quantities—the monsoons of India smell pleasant only for the first few drops, until they become a threat, which smells different. These rains never threaten, they only fall, and smell pleasant all through. The rain outside was so fine that any finer would have been called a mist. The streetlight below my window, struggling to reach the ground, wore a discernible halo, globe almost. A car rumbled down the street, slowly, picking its way around the forming puddles as if afraid to splash nonexistent pedestrians. I looked down at the tiger’s-eye. Warm now, shining again. Real. We were real. As real as the street, surely. Very real fish.

:

The following morning I called Madhuri.
It is always an undertaking to get her on the telephone. She does have one: Jiddu first, and later I, have made sure. But she does not like it and unplugs it from the wall as soon as she’s done talking. The ring (there is no way to soften those Indian telephone bells) could wake dead snakes, she says, and unplugs it again. So, reaching her means first calling her neighbor, Nilima, and asking her to send one of the boys in to Madhuri to ask her to plug back in her telephone, or, if she ignores him, or doesn’t comply, to plug the phone in himself. But Madhuri usually cooperates when she hears that I want to talk to her, is what she tells me.
I tried Madhuri first, but as usual the operator told me there was no answer. So I called Nilima, and then gave it five minutes before I called Madhuri back. She answered immediately, to silence the loud ring in her living room.
“Hello. Nachiketa?”
“Yes, it’s me.”
“How are you?” She was shouting to make sure I could hear her, so far away.
“I am fine, Madhuri. Fine.” The line, however, was not so fine, hissing and moving and complaining like the snake it was. “Can you hear me?”
“I am not deaf. Of course I can hear you.”
“Are snakes the only creatures that can talk snake talk?” I asked in snake talk.
“No,” she answered in the same language. It sounded like ‘of course not, silly boy’ and then I had to laugh: Of course not. I had just used that language myself.
So, I added, “Apart from us.”
“Why do you ask?”
“I think I have met some who can, who are neither snake nor man.”
She was silent long enough for me to say, “Madhuri?”
“I am here,” she answered, and continued her silence.
I waited. Then she said, slowly, and quite clearly, “They say that Hanuman, son of Vayu the wind god and Anjana, Keshari’s wife, received the language as a gift from Surya the Sun for saving him from Rahu the dragon, and that Hanuman then taught it to the Rakshasas who were then tricked into teaching it to the snakes. The snakes do not like that story.”
“I can see why,” I said.
“Who have you met that talk snake talk?” She wanted to know.
“Trolls,” I said.
“Trolls?”
“They live in Sweden, in mountains, and I think they must be related to the Rakshasas,” I explained.
“I know what trolls are, Nachiketa.”
“They speak perfect snake talk. Well, how snakes would talk if they were ten feet tall and had rocks where tongues should be.”
“I envy you,” said Madhuri, after a small silence.
“So, you believe me,” I said. Relieved.
“What is there not to believe, Nachiketa?”
Then I told her about our meeting with the trolls, and about the white horse that brought us there. Her reply made me shiver and almost drop the receiver. She said only the one word.
“Athansor?”
I had not mentioned his name. Now it was my turn to say nothing.
“Nachiketa?” she wondered after a while.
“Yes,” I said. “I am here.” Then, “You know him?”
“I know of him,” she answered. “I don’t know him.”
“You know his name.”
“Yes.”
“I, well, we, Harriet and I, have met him twice. Once in New York. He was called Phantom then. Then in Sweden. Twice in Sweden, actually. As Athansor.”
“I envy you,” she said again.
“Do you know who he is?”
“Some say Athansor is the Lord Krishna, others say that he is Lord Krishna’s horse, others still, among them some very wise snakes, even Esh, the wisest, have pointed out that Lord Krishna cannot help but be his own horse.”
“I just wanted to hear you believe me,” I said after another little pause, and then realized how utterly true that was.
“What is there not to believe?” she said again. “Silly boy, you can talk to snakes, Nachiketa, and you wonder about trolls. You surprise me.”
“I surprise myself,” I said. “Most of the time.”
“I would like to meet her,” she said. “I would like to see her.”
“Harriet?” I asked.
“Who else?”
“You would like to come here?” I asked.
“You know I don’t travel,” she said.
“Of course. I’ll see what I can do.”
“I would like to meet her,” she said again.
“I will ask her.”
“No, tell her. Tell her. Tell her I would like to see her.”
I promised I would do my best. Then I thanked her and promised to call soon again. Again she told me that she envied me, to have seen trolls, and to have ridden Athansor, Krishna’s horse. And please to be sure to tell her.


::Forgetting::

Christmas 1959 was a lonely affair. I had known my mother a full year now, and I wished I were back in New York with her. Although she had told me about her holiday plans, I had still hoped that somehow she would change them, that she would invite me back. But she did not. She was busy, whether by design or not, surrounded by friends and on an impossible schedule, and though she returned my calls, they were rushed, and a little strained, as if I were imposing. My feeling—and it’s perhaps the wrong word, it was more like a wind, a distant wind, stirring five time zones away—was that she was trying to forget, or had already—despite finding the necklace again—forgotten.
The forgetting I’m talking about is not the complete forgetting that blots out and renders unhappened. No, it’s the forgetting that leaves a trace, an analytical, though emotionless, record. Yes, it happened, I know that conceptually, but the feeling, the deeper truth, the re-living at a touch, is gone. I know that forgetting, for as winter rolled into spring, it began to catch me too.
It is the forgetting that the world, the real world, the oh, so agreed-upon one, demands of those fishes it may find.
Had it not been for my tiger’s-eye, which I still always carried, I reached a point late in the spring of 1960 where I could have said, with near certainty, that the whole thing was fantasy, that I had imagined the lot. Well, not my mother of course, but all that business with the white horse and Pearly Soames and Oskar Lindberg and the trolls. But there was always the tiger’s-eye to wink me back, and seeing it change both in size and intensity as it nestled in my hand: I knew.
And I had the record of the song. Playing it helped too.
Then, how come on the way home from work, jostling with polite and not so polite co-commuters on the tube, I could forget all about it. How come I didn’t smell the summer morning and see the troll jugglers again? How come the weight of the tiger’s-eye did not sing to me constantly: I am real, I am real?
I don’t know, honestly. It is something the world does to us, I’m sure of it, jealous of competition. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Only I am real.
But I did know snake talk, and I had my tiger’s-eye, and so I found it possible to breathe under water, albeit with effort at times.
Not so, apparently, for Harriet. And it got worse.
Her letters grew short and mundane. Then more infrequent. Then none.
By late spring she did not return my calls and by early June her phone number had changed. She may even have moved, I could not tell.
I read in the papers that she was back in the Mediterranean, on some yacht or other with Mr. George Schlee. Marriage on the horizon for the mysterious one? one paper asked. No, said another, Mr. Schlee was married and they had it on good authority that his wife would never agree to a divorce, estranged or not.
Jiddu stopped by twice that spring: his customary short visits. Almost like he was fulfilling some sort of father and son interaction quota. Nonetheless, I thought of telling him everything—perhaps he could shed some light on Harriet’s withdrawal—but each time we met he was so damn teachy, and the one thing I did not want him to analyze or pick apart or otherwise try to invalidate was my journeys with her. So my conversations with Jiddu steered a formal and quotidian course, always. Unfortunately.
Then, late June by now, Madhuri called. She had never called before—I didn’t even know that she had my telephone number. But one Sunday morning the phone rang, I picked it up, and there she was.
“Nachiketa,” over an amazingly clear line. She could have been in London.
“Yes,” I said, then recognizing the voice: “Madhuri!”
“You don’t call me,” she informed me.
“Been so very busy,” I tried.
“No letters,” she accused. Which was true, my last missive to her had been a Christmas card with a brief letter to go along with it, promising, again, that I would tell Harriet that Madhuri wanted to see her, which, I now realized, I had forgotten all about.
“And when are you coming? With her?” And then she switched to snake talk: “You have invited her?”
“No.”
A sharp silence said she was upset with me. Disappointed. Her silences spoke well. Carried messages just fine.
“She does not call back,” I said, truthfully.
“So, she knows I want to see her,” she said. “Perhaps she’s hiding.”
“Don’t be silly,” I said, mimicking Lana, our secretary, who would implore anyone who said anything out of the ordinary to not be silly, always with a smile.
“I may be many things,” Madhuri answered, quite coldly, “but I have never counted silly among them.”
“Sorry,” I said, getting hold of my tongue again. “I mean, how could she possibly know?”
“How could you possibly ride a white horse into six years earlier?” she replied.
“Point well taken,” I said.
“She does not want to see me,” she declared.
“Why ever not?” I asked.
“I am not sure. How should I know? She is your mother.”
“She does not even know you,” I said.
“I think, dear Nachiketa, that this simply is not true. I think she knows me very well. Well enough to stay away,” she added.
She was getting on in years, and I was tempted to ascribe her strange certainty to this fact, when she intercepted me: “And these are not the ramblings of an old woman,” she explained, which made much blood rush to my face, only to gather what was already there and leave with it. I had to sit down. No chair. I slid down onto the floor, back to the wall. She had eyes somewhere in this room. Good ones.
“No,” I managed. “No. Of course not.”
“You must tell her,” she said again.
When I didn’t answer, “Did you hear me? You must tell her.”
“Yes, Madhuri, I hear.”
“Good. So you will ask her then?”
“Yes.”
“Yes,” she echoed. And hung up. Not so happy with her grandson.

:

Easier said than done.
I could not reach her. I did, however, manage to speak to Mr. Beaton, who was very hard to get hold of as well—he too had changed his number, and I only managed to find him through a friend of a friend of Mr. Hawkes, my boss, who, while she did not have his new telephone number, knew where he lived. I simply parked myself there one Saturday until he came out.
To no avail. Mr. Beaton and Harriet were no longer on talking terms, and he did not know how to reach her either. He had also been the victim of her number change.
In effect: I had lost my mother again. She was not calling, nor writing me. And I could not reconcile why.
By December, Madhuri had called four more times, each time wondering where she was and why I would not tell her. She can be very unreasonable sometimes, and would not understand that I had no way of reaching Harriet. Again, and again, I promised: Yes, I will tell her, yes.
By that Christmas, 1961, I knew something was terribly wrong when I read in a weekly magazine that Harriet had been in London the previous month to visit Sydney Guilaroff while he worked as the hair stylist for Elizabeth Taylor on the Cleopatra set. Harriet had slipped in and out under everybody’s radar and the magazine, which prides itself on its stable of sleuths, did not find out until after she had left. She had apparently slipped up from Switzerland, before heading back home to New York.
But the real point was that she had been in London and had not called.
Nothing.


::A Plane Crashes::

Until nearly a year later, when she finally called, too upset, almost, to speak.
I remember it vividly, for I had just heard the news too, although I had not made the same connection Harriet had.
It was a Tuesday, it was the 19th of September 1961, and Dag Hammarskjold’s plane had just gone down near Ndola in Northern Rhodesia. He was presumed—and later confirmed—dead.
“He’s dead,” she said.
“I know,” I said.
Then, “I killed him.”
“What?” was the best I could muster.
“I wished him dead,” she said. “I have killed him.” She pronounced a verdict.
“Harriet,” I said. “What on earth are you talking about?”
“Dag Hammarskjold. Don’t you remember?” she said. “Don’t you remember?”
“Remember what?”
“We met,” she said. “His diary. Remember?”
“No.” But that was no longer entirely true: her letter was coming back to me.
“When we met,” she said. “I wished him dead so I could read his diary. I wished him dead, and my wish has been granted.”
“Don’t be silly,” I heard myself saying. I don’t think she heard me, though.
“He told me about his diary, how he was not going to publish it until after he died, and my wish, at that moment, was for him to be dead so I could read it.”
“His plane crashed,” I said.
“He was such a remarkable man,” she said. “Such a true . . . ,” she didn’t find the right word.  “He was so real,” she said instead. “He knew something. He had found what I need to find. And he had written it all down for me, only he wouldn’t show it to me, not then, not until he was dead, he said. And now he is.”
“His plane crashed,” I said again.
She heard me this time. “It was my wish. I didn’t specify how.”
“It was presumably shot down,” I said. That was the conclusion of the disaster reports.
“I didn’t specify how,” she said again. “Just that he would.”
“It was just a thought you had,” I said. “You said so.”
“It was a wish,” she said.
“You didn’t mean it.”
“Of course I meant it. It worked.” And that proved it.
And put so plainly, so matter-of-factly, I was at loss for an argument against it.
I changed tack. “Harriet,” I said. “Why have you not called, or written? Why did you disappear?”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” she said.
“You have to.”
“Not now. I don’t want to talk about it.”
I had no idea what to say to that. So instead I delivered on my repeated promise to my grandmother: “Madhuri wants to see you.”
“I see,” she said after a short pause. Not all that surprised.
“That’s Jiddu’s mother.”
“I know,” she said.
“She wants you to come to India.”
“I see,” she said again. As if accepting something inevitable.
“You don’t sound surprised.”
“Should I be?”
“Well, yes. I mean, why not? You don’t know her, do you?”
“I know of her.”
“Did you know she wants to see you?”
“Someone wants to see me.” It was a plain statement.
“Someone?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know?”
“I don’t know how. I just do.”
“Do you know why this someone want to see you?”
“Not really.” Then, “To ask me questions, I think.”
“Why?”
But she chose to ignore that. Instead, “Many people want to see me. All the time. They all want to talk to me. I want to be left alone.”
“Madhuri is not many people,” I said. “She is my grandmother, Jiddu’s mother, and she says it is very important. She has called about it several times. ‘Tell her I want to see her,’ she says. Over and over again.”
“Did she tell you why?”
“No.”
“She didn’t say anything about why she wants to see me?”
“No.”
“Do you know?”
I did not, and said so. But then I added, a hunch more than anything else: “I think it’s about trolls.”
The line went dead. Harriet had hung up. I was still sitting, back against the wall, listening to nothing. I finally collected myself and put the receiver back on the hook.
I went looking for her letter, found it, and read: Then he tells me that he was thinking of publishing it, but not until after he’s dead, as a sort of requiem, that’s what he said, but I think perhaps he meant an epitaph, but that’s beside the point. The point is, and this is what’s so terrible, that as soon as he said that, even as he said it, the moment the meaning of what he said was clear to me, I wished him dead. Wished him dead, Nachiketa, just so that I could read the diary. The thought, the wish came so fast, so unbidden, so out of nowhere that I know it was a true wish, and I’m so ashamed. And I’m also a little scared, for sometimes my wishes come true.
The phone rang again.
“Did you tell her?”
“Did I tell who what?”
“Jiddu’s mom about Mr. Hammarskjold.”
“I’m sure she knows.”
“That I killed him?” Startled.
“No, that he’s dead.”
“You didn’t tell her that I wished him dead?”
“No.”
“Don’t tell her. Please.”
“Of course not.”
“I will come.”
I was about to ask for her new telephone number, but she had hung up again.

:

Three days later she was sitting in my flat, older, distraught, darker somehow.
“You never called,” I said. Peevishly, which was exactly how I felt, with a right to. I was her son, after all.
“I know,” she answered.
“It’s been a year and a half,” I pointed out.
“I know.”
“Not a word. What about my letters? Did you receive them?”
“Yes.”
“Did you read them?”
“Yes.”
“But no thoughts of answering them?”
“Thoughts, yes. Ink, no,” without a smile, and still wearing her sunglasses though it was quite gloomy inside.
“What happened?” I asked, feeling more like a scorned lover than anything else.
“Nothing happened,” she said.
“You just didn’t feel like calling?” I asked, meaning to injure.
“I had my reasons.”
“Would you tell them to me?”
“No.”
“I am your son, Harriet. Shut out. You changed your telephone number and made yourself impossible to reach.”
“I know.”
“But why?”
“I had my reasons.”
“You keep saying that.”
“Because that is what I mean.”
“I am your son,” I complained again.
“I know,” she said. And without a trace of venom.
“Didn’t I deserve to hear from you?”
“Yes you did.”
“So then why?” I asked again.
To which she did not answer that she had her reasons. She didn’t have to.
I cooked us dinner, which we ate in near-silence, me locked in battle with questions, she locked, period.
She removed her sunglasses as she sat down, and I saw how she had aged: The crow’s feet at the outer corners of her eyes, the tightness around her upper lip, a hardness to her eyes, and, yes, that too, a trace: fear.
She liked what I had made, soup, toasted cheese sandwiches with beans. Very English, she said. She ate everything. Hungry, she explained, looking up at me over a large bite.
We had coffee and I got out some shortbread, rich and buttery, which she liked as well. She drank two cups of coffee, and then wondered where she was going to sleep.

:

I made the travel arrangements the following morning, while she was still asleep. She had told me she would pay, first class. We were to leave as soon as possible.
The lady at the travel bureau was very helpful. And very efficient.
We had about four hours until our flight to Rome. A two-hour layover there, and then on to Teheran. From there via Kabul and Bombay to Madras, and from Madras by train to Madanapalle. Everything was in place by the time she awoke.
Then I called my office, and I was glad to reach Lana, who worked every other Saturday. This was apparently her day on, as she called it.
“Something’s come up,” I said.
“No,” she said, alarmed and caring.
“I’ve got to go to India.”
“India?”
“My grandmother,” I said.
“Dead?” she wondered.
“No. But very ill.”
“I’m so sorry,” she said.
“I should be back in a week or so. Please tell them.” Meaning either Hawkes or Rand.
She promised she would, and wished me good luck with my grandmother.
Then I put in a call to Madhuri, but of course there was no answer. I called Nilima, who was not in, but one of her sons was. Apparently Nilima and Madhuri were gone for the day, not sure where. So I asked him to please, very important, tell Madhuri that Nachiketa is coming to visit in two days. Yes, coming to visit.
Nachiketa. With Harriet. Harriet. Yes, with Harriet. In two days very important. Promise.
He promised many times and perhaps there was a chance he would not forget.
To be honest, I hadn’t noticed before—it was not very apparent—but it’s the kind of thing that makes itself plain when you share small quarters with a woman, even if it’s your mother: she didn’t wear any makeup. She was in and out of the bathroom in less than ten minutes, and that’s including a shower. How’s that for efficiency, and certainly no time for makeup.
She donned her dark sunglasses and wrapped her head in a gray scarf before we headed down for the taxi to take us to Heathrow. I held the cab door open for her and she slipped in and sunk away in a corner of the back seat. As if pursued.
I followed and sat down beside her. Stole a glance, several. She was obviously who she was, but she was not the same woman I had spent Christmas 1958 with, and that wonderful summer week in 1959. She was remote, hardened, and her face almost struck me as calculating.
Once in the airplane, she seemed to relax a little. No one had spotted her, as she put it, and she was happy about that. It was always such a burden to her, always present, this fear of being spotted; on this trip even more so, I gathered, for this Indian man would be kind of hard to explain. At times, though, I have to admit, I wondered if she didn’t also get a little upset if nobody did recognize her. I think she drew at least a little sustenance from her fame, and fame is not a valid currency among those who have no idea who you are.
She had a whiskey and I had a Coca-Cola. Free. She had a second whiskey, and with it relaxed a little more.
“You don’t believe me, do you?” she asked, quite suddenly, apropos of nothing.
I scrambled about a little for what she could be referring to. “If you’re asking me, do I believe that you killed Mr. Hammarskjold, the answer is no. No, I don’t believe that you did.”
Then I added, with a certainty I didn’t know I had, “Causing things is a very conscious act, a very aware act, and the more you are able to cause, the more aware you are: they go hand in hand.”
I was aware that I sounded perfectly preachy, a little like Jiddu, but I had her ear. She looked me straight in the eye and waited for me to finish my piece.
“I do not think you can cause something like a man’s death by a reflex thought like the one you had, one that you’re almost unaware of thinking. I think it takes awareness and responsibility and conscious ownership of the act.”
She looked at me a little longer, making sure I was quite finished, then sighed heavily, and as if she had heard nothing of what I just said, she turned to look out the window at the sea of cloud that stretched like a gray field all the way to the horizon. “Have you ever wished someone dead?” she asked to the air, but it was meant for me. To me the novice, who had spoken out of turn.
The picture arrived quite unbidden: I’m on the ground, coughing dust, fending off a combination of fists and flat hand-slaps from Ganaraj, who is sitting on top of me. Pale Eyes, he says, over and over, and no matter how I wriggle and push I cannot get him off of me, and he keeps pelting me, though without inflicting too much damage. It’s more like a physical teasing than anything else, but painful still, and embarrassing in the extreme. And looking up into those dark, grinning eyes above a dusty nose, above very white, cruel teeth and under a cloud of black hair, I wanted nothing more from the Creator of this World than the death of Ganaraj. That’s it. I would settle for any kind of life going forward, a frog’s even, a mosquito’s, as long as Ganaraj would cease then and there.
The wish was not expressed this way, in words, of course; it was deeper than that, more encompassing, and I don’t think there was a single molecule in me that didn’t partake in my secret homicide.
Well, he didn’t die, but he did stop hitting me. That of course may have been a coincidence, but by the way he looked at me—a little uneasy I would say—it may not have been. His molecules, on some wavelength, apparently received what mine had just transmitted, and he backed off.
Later, of course, once he realized I could talk to snakes, he was dead scared of me, and for good reason, but that was later.
“Yes,” I said, after what could have been ten minutes, but perhaps only one.
“Then you know,” she said, and looked back out the window. “He was the world’s only chance for peace,” she added to the clouds, but I overheard, just like I was meant to.
She turned to me again, looked at me closely over the rim of her sunglasses. “What happened to your wish?” she asked.
“He’s still alive,” I said. Then I told her what had happened.
“Then I am better at wishing than you are,” is all she answered.
By that time, unfortunately, our flight attendant had spotted her and made the gargantuan mistake of asking for an autograph. It ruined Harriet’s flight. She refused, of course—she always did—and I’m sure it ruined the attendant’s flight as well, for Harriet did not as much as look at her again; instead she pointedly ignored her by turning toward the window whenever she got close. Harriet even refused the dinner, silently.
Meanly, I thought.
I had a hard time making myself heard through that protective barricade, and had to say things twice for the rest of the flight.

:

By the time we left Bombay, we were both exhausted. Neither of us had slept well. Harriet was probably a little hung over from several more whiskeys between Rome and Bombay, and she had soured, and didn’t talk much.
Luckily, there had been no more “spottings,” or if there had been, the crew had been professional about it.
The plane landed perfectly in Madras, but that’s where, as they say, all hell broke loose. Word had gotten out—had either been radioed ahead by the plane or called ahead from Bombay, who knows—that Harriet was on the plane. The bloody press was all over the airport. I was not prepared for this, and even less equipped to handle it. It was totally unexpected to Harriet as well, and I believe she was quite shocked. She was very tired, she had let some sort of guard down, and she was having trouble raising it again.
And here, there was no one to help us. No managers, no agents, no large protective limousine drivers. It was just me and Harriet and about fifty reporters.
What on earth, they wanted to know, was Harriet Brown doing in India? In Madras of all places? Was she staying here? Where? With whom? For how long? Was she doing a new film? And who, they wanted to know, was that Indian man traveling with her? The insinuations were not kind.
She, of course, was not about to answer any questions, and I was completely at sea. I had no idea what to do.
They say the English reporter knows no shame, and is the world’s most intrusive, British manners notwithstanding. That is not true. The English reporter does not hold a candle to his Indian colleague, especially the Madras reporter.
This grew very apparent, very fast, for we were soon cornered, and I saw Harriet slip from annoyance, to outrage, to fear, in a matter of minutes. I followed her, but from fear I surfaced again at rage, at Ganaraj sitting on top of me, at making my life a living hell, at fifty Ganarajas screaming questions at my mother. I heard myself first say, then shout over the sea of questions: “You are a disgrace to India. A disgrace. This is the kind of welcome you give a legend? I am sure there are foreign reporters here and soon the world will know how uncivilized, how barbarian, how childish, how unworthy the Indian press still is. How behind the times, how primitive.”
I was looking for words I knew would insult, and insult as much as possible. And it worked. The school of uncivilized reporters slowly metamorphosed to angry mob as their attention shifted from Harriet to me, who dared call into question their divine right to rudeness.
“You soil the journalist’s profession,” I shouted. “You are no better than beggars, untouchables. Do not pride yourself on being Harijans, you are no Harijans, you are less than that, you are caste-less vermin, feces on the proud writer’s profession.”
That about did it.
The reporter closest to me, a short, stocky man with greasy hair, came at me with arms flailing, and I raised mine in defense. Then many things occurred at once.
A camera flashed. It turned out to belong to a Daily News reporter from London, here initially to see Harriet, but now set on memorializing the outrage. Several of the local reporters recognized him and set out after him to destroy the evidence. Another camera flashed. This one belonged to what later turned out to be a Bombay reporter, out to make his Madras counterpart look ridiculous (and with some success), but nobody took much notice, since he did not stand out. Others, while making sure that my comments were disseminated to everyone—embellished, I am sure—were fighting their way in my direction to get, as they say, a piece of me. Then another flash. This from The Times, and some, recognizing that reporter, went after him, yanked his camera from him, threw it to the floor and destroyed it. Meanwhile the Daily News reporter was now running full speed toward the lounge area, pursued by five or six locals. He managed to escape, but only with the help of the finally appearing police.
The same police who in the end also rescued me and Harriet, who, shocked at the eruption of violence, had fled to the side, suddenly forgotten—according to plan, I am quite proud to add.
A few had gotten to me, or not so few, Ganarajas all, with fists that hurt a little more that his, but not too badly. None drew blood, and all my teeth survived intact.
More police arrived. Arrests were made, I read later. Airport officials, who by now had judged it safe to make an appearance, arrived on the scene as well. Apologies were offered, so very, very sorry, ma’am. Anything they could do to be of assistance? Yes, I told them, and we were helped to a limousine, well, large car, that took us to the train station. Police there escorted us onto the train, and we eventually settled down in a reasonably nice compartment that said First Class—although that was just a parody.
I locked the door and pulled the curtains down.
“Nice place,” she said.
“Yes,” I said. “Isn’t it?”
“Thank you,” she said. “You did a very brave thing.”
I looked up at her. One of my eyes was swelling shut. The other, I realized, already had. I hadn’t even felt those blows. I had a hard time making her out through the one closing eye. I could not see whether she was still in shock, angry, or what.
“I did what had to be done,” I said.
“Well, thank you,” she said again. And that was that.
The conductor saw to my eyes with a towel and cold water. It helped.
We used one of Harriet’s old tricks and got off at Punganuru, where no one would expect us, and from there hired a taxi for the last twenty-five or so kilometers. It worked. We arrived at Madhuri’s house unspotted, but very tired.
I later found out there had been a crowd at Madanapalle Road, the main station, including a cluster of reporters. Word does spread. Especially in India. Harriet was still very big news in these parts.


::Madhuri::

The house looked the same. So much the same that it tried to whisk me back to bare feet and uncut hair. It was the inability to open my right eye more than anything else that kept me in the present.
The house had always been ringed by a low, quite ornate, but partly rusted metal fence with a padlockable gate, the padlock, long since rusted open, hanging uselessly by its eye. The gate creaked from disuse and age, much like a hoarse doorbell, but swung open easily enough. Madhuri heard and came out, head-first, carefully, wondering at the noise of the taxi and the squeak of the gate.
Her face was a little rounder than I remembered it, an extra chin, I think, but oh: that smile. And those eyes, glinting with knowing snakes, laughing always. Her hair—as always gathered up in a bun at her neck—was graying now, but still mostly black. The phul she wore on her left nostril had grown from the small diamond I remember to a little silver flower which matched her ear studs. She still wore her two gold necklaces: the thin and short one, which had been her mother’s, and the longer and heavy: a present from her husband.
But most familiar of all, and what moved me, was the smile, the smile, nothing but Madhuri behind it, so happy to see me again.
She did not seem too surprised to see us, however: Nilima’s son must have remembered to tell her after all: Nachiketa’s coming.
She drank me with her hands, touching hair, chin, hands, clothes, hair again.
“Nachiketa,” she said. Then, her face suddenly abrupt with concern, “What happened to your eyes? What on earth happened?”
I told her. “Come, come,” she said. “We must find a salve.” She gave me her hand and I took it.
And yes, as yet Harriet might as well not have existed.
“You took your sweet time,” she said then, mockly stern. Then she finally turned to my mother.
“So you’ve decided to come,” she said. “I am pleased to meet you.”
Harriet held out her hand and said “How do you do,” with a small, formal bow.
“Please,” said Madhuri, “to take off your sunglasses.”
Harriet didn’t seem to understand at first, perhaps wondering why. Then, slowly, as if entering uncharted territory, her left hand rose to her face and removed the dark glasses.
Madhuri looked long and hard into Harriet’s face, and her smile left her.
“You have hard eyes, Yashawini,” she said.
“Madhuri!” I said or cried.
“Like two small stones,” Madhuri said. “Still and resting heavily. Hiding behind smoked glass. And so you run.”
Harriet looked at me and then back at Madhuri, not quite sure what she was hearing. I looked at Madhuri, wondering too. Harriet’s eyes found and rested on Madhuri’s, still and heavy.
“Why would you say such a thing?” she said.
Madhuri’s gaze did not waver. “So you are Siddhi Sapna.” This was more of an affirmation than a question.
“Who?”
When Madhuri did not answer, I translated. “The one who achieves her dreams.”
Harriet’s face paled. She drew breath to answer, but no words followed.
“How . . . ,” she said finally.
“I am sorry,” Madhuri said, as if the last minute had been a dream and she had just awakened, “where are my manners? You must be exhausted after the long, long journey. Please, please to come in.” She let go of my hand, reached down and took Harriet’s suitcase, turned, and walked into the house, meaning for us to follow.
Harriet—still stunned, I think—didn’t move. I took my suitcase and followed Madhuri. “Come,” I said to Harriet, looking back at her, still in place, sunglasses in her hand, hard face unchanged, a small cliff lost in the hot sun, framed by hair.

:

The inside was dark at first and cooler. But as my eyes adjusted, my childhood surroundings filled them: the always meticulously clean tile floor; the deeply set windows, shuttered now to keep out the sun; the smell of her many spices on their little shelves by the stove, always in the same sequence, from hottest to mildest, left to right, unlabeled in their glass jars, known only by their color and texture, and, of course, by their smell and taste.
To the left, the little hallway which led to the bedrooms: Madhuri’s, mine, and Jiddu’s—which also served as the sometimes guest room, Jiddu being the least frequent of such guests. 
To the right, the large gray and white room which Madhuri always called the salon. Just as I remembered it: the vases, the ornaments, the pictures, the large brown table with its ornate inlays—reds, blues, and yellows—only a foot or so off the floor, ringed by pillows, where we would eat only on special occasions. It was laid for tea: three cups and saucers, blue and gold, the small china spoons, the silver sugar bowl and the little cream carafe—another clear sign that she had gotten word that we were coming. I must remember to thank Nilima’s son.
And here, where we stood: the anteroom, the main room, the heart, the kitchen, the dining room, the living room, then all purpose room—it is all of these—with its stove, its deep counters, its large, marble top table for eating, reading, playing, sawing—which we always referred to as the Acre for its size—here, where I had lived most of my young life, either by the Acre: reading, writing, drawing, playing, or under it: smelling, listening, dreaming; here, where Madhuri would perform her magic by the stove, or with thread and needle, or with her colors and brushes, yes this room was home universe to me, and I was suddenly overcome with the welcome of it all.
Harriet stood behind me, also taking in the room. Madhuri turned to her and said, “Please to sit down, Yashawini Miss Brown, here,” as she pulled out a chair for her by the acre and gestured her invitation.
“Thank you,” Harriet said, or mumbled, and sat down.
Madhuri remained standing, looking at her, then looked over at me. “Oh, my, the salve,” she said and ran off down the hallway.
I pulled out another chair and sat down too. Harriet was looking straight ahead, looking at things other than the room. Tired, disturbed, pale.
“Who is Yashawini?” she asked.
“It means successful lady,” I said.
“Why does she call me that?”
“Out of respect, I think.”
“And the other names?”
“Siddhi Sapna?”
“Yes.”
“She whose dreams become real.”
“You said something else before.”
“The one who achieves her dreams.”
“The one who achieves her dreams,” she repeated. “So she knows.”
“Knows what?”
“About Mr. Hammarskjold.”
“I don’t know,” I said, “but I doubt that.” And that was the truth.
“Siddhi Sapna,” said Harriet, as if tasting the name. As if recognizing the taste.
Madhuri returned with cold water, a white cloth, and a salve, and fussed with my eyes for a while. It felt very, very good. Cold and soothing, as if I had just returned from school, bruised from a fall.
When she finished, she stepped back and looked at the two of us again, her wayworn guests. We must have struck her as equally exhausted, for she said “Oh, my, I am so sorry, so very sorry. You two need to go to bed.”
“Yes,” said Harriet. And, yes, I had to agree. I ached to lie down, stretch out, and vanish for a while.
“The tea can wait,” declared Madhuri, and reached for Harriet’s suitcase again. “This way,” she said to Harriet, still by the Acre, “This way. Come. This way to your room.”
Harriet rose, and followed her down the hallway.
I went to my room, which Madhuri had cleaned and prepared for my coming. Fresh sheets, flowers in two vases: one by the window, one on my desk. Towel and washcloth nicely folded and placed on my bed. There was not a hotel who could match her for hospitality. I put the suitcase down, moved the towel and cloth to my chair, sat down on the bed, leaned over—fell over—for all intents and purposes asleep by the time my head hit the pillow.

:

I woke to Harriet’s screaming.
I had never heard her scream before, so at first I could not make out the sound. It was a high-pitched, penetrating hysteria that at first seemed to come from everywhere. My first thought, still rising from sleep, was that I was in London, hearing the night-time siren of an ambulance or a police car. Closer to the surface, I remembered that I was no longer in London and instead thought that I was listening to an Indian ambulance or police car, which on almost breaking the surface I realized sounded nothing like this, and as I opened my eyes I saw, yes saw is the best way I can describe it, that the sound was not coming in through the window, but in through my door and must originate from inside the house.
An accident, something, but it wasn’t Madhuri. I had heard her scream, once—January 30, 1948, when she heard on the wireless that Gandhi was dead—and she had sounded nothing like this.
But it was a female scream, and not a girl’s: a woman’s. And that, now that I was fully awake, finally, left only Harriet.
I jumped out of my bed and onto cool tiles, so welcome to my feet—this firmness of real Indian floors—as I ran to her room.
I found Harriet sitting upright in her bed, sheets wrapped around her, and filling her room with scream, staring with wide-open eyes at the floor and the, oh, at a guess, eight or nine cobras hovering there.
Madhuri appeared next, hand against the jamb, sleepy, angry.
“So this is the famous one,” said Attra, whom I recognized by the white mark on his hood. He sounded unimpressed.
“Attra,” shouted Madhuri. “Can you not see you’re scaring her out of her wits.”
“I see a sleepy screamer,” he answered, a little disappointed.
“Take the brainless twine you’ve brought and get out of here,” she hissed. And she was angry indeed. I’d rarely seen her this upset, especially with her snakes: her eyes flashed with each word, especially with twine—probably the worst thing you can call a cobra, at least in company.
Attra glared back, but said nothing in return. Instead he hissed a command to the retinue who fell in as he headed for the door. Then they were gone, leaving Jiddu’s room once again snakeless.
“I am sorry, so sorry,” said Madhuri. And she was.
Harriet did not hear. She was still staring at the floor, still seeing Attra and friends, their heads swaying above bed level watching her, tongues darting in and out like little sensors, smelling her.
“So very sorry,” Madhuri said again.
“Harriet,” I said. “Harriet.”
She finally broke her stare and looked up at me. “Harriet. It’s fine. They are not dangerous. Not in this house.”
She stared at me, as pale as the sheet around her shoulders. Then at last Madhuri and I saw recognition and sentience return to her eyes.
“Pets?” she asked, I think of Madhuri.
When Madhuri didn’t answer—I don’t think she quite understood Harriet’s question—I said “No. Not pets. Just friends. They heard you were here.”
“They came to look at me?” She was quite incredulous.
“Yes,” I said. “But Madhuri has told them off.”
Harriet shook her head and searched for words. “Told them off?”
“Yes,” I said. “Attra, he’s the large, darkish one, brought his hangers-on to look at you.”
“So sorry,” said Madhuri again. “Are you all right now?”
Harriet brushed her hair back with her hand and looked at her. “Will they come back?” she asked.
“No,” said Madhuri. “I will make sure they don’t.”
“I would . . . ,” Harriet said, “I would appreciate that. Very much.” There was some sarcasm mixed in with that, but not enough for Madhuri to notice, at least I don’t think she noticed.
“Tea?” Madhuri asked.
“What time is it?” asked Harriet.
I looked at my watchless wrist—I remove my watch before I go to sleep—then at the shuttered window. But the room was light, so morning then. “Almost eight,” said Madhuri. “You’ve slept almost sixteen hours.”
“Tea?” said Harriet. “Yes, thanks. Yes,” Apparently collected again.

:

“You really can talk to them,” said Harriet at tea. We were in the salon, sitting on pillows by the low table. Madhuri was serving her finest tea in her finest cups. The floor shone from cleaning; the table sparkled, as did the china.
“Yes,” said Madhuri. “I can. And so can Nachiketa.”
“I have seen him do that,” said Harriet. Then said, more to herself, “Or they were dreams.”
“They were no dreams,” said Madhuri.
“You know this?” said Harriet.
“Yes,” said Madhuri.
“How did you learn?” asked Harriet, looking over at me. I made no sign that I heard, intent on my tea and my ears and my memories.
“I taught him,” said Madhuri.

:

Madhuri once told me that Attra was hatched the day I was born, which would make him over thirty-three years old. That’s old for a cobra, old for any snake. But I think she’s right, for I remember Attra as a younger, lighter-skinned snake as I grew up in this house. And it was Attra who suffered through my many months of butchering his language after Madhuri had taught me the rudiments.
“The way to really learn how to talk to them is to talk to them,” she’d said, and called for Attra.
Attra was happy to help. He owed Madhuri a favor. More than that, Attra owed her his life. This had happened when I was a baby, if either of them is to be believed on this point—Madhuri can embellish, though not lie, and Attra, well, he can say anything. Although I have to admit, their stories, though strange, corroborate.
So, if indeed they are to be believed: Attra was a year old then, in the dry summer of 1929. He had followed Madhuri on her weekly gathering of wild herbs and spices in the outlying fields and light woods, a mile or so beyond the edge of town. They talked as she gathered, of this and that, Madhuri telling him about the two worlds, the one of men and the one of snakes. About friends and enemies, and about Attra’s heritage. About Esh, Attra’s great-great-and-many-times-greater-yet-grandfather who lived not far away, yet far away.
“How can that be?” asked Attra. “Far away but not.”
Madhuri unfurled and stretched her back. The sun was climbing quickly into a cloudless sky. It was going to be another warm day.
“How can that be?” asked Attra again, who has never been known for his patience.
“If you cannot get to it, no matter how close, then it is far away,” she answered.
“So, he lives nearby?” he asked.
“I did not say that,” answered Madhuri.
“But you said . . .”
“I know what I said.”
“But you said . . .” said Attra again, who has never been know for letting go of a question easily either.
“I said that if you cannot get to it, any place, not necessarily Esh’s place, then it might as well be far away.”
“Yes, but you meant his place,” he answered.
“Did I?” said Madhuri, a little surprised.
“Didn’t you?”
To which she didn’t reply.
“Tell me more about him,” he asked.
She stooped down again to continue her gathering. She had found a wonderful patch of kunkuma which would make fine turmeric, and she wanted to bring as much of it as she could back to the house. Attra moved in front of her so he could see her face as she talked.
“What have I told you already?” she asked, not without a little weariness.
“That he is a hundred hundred years old,” Attra started out gaily, taking no notice whatever of Madhuri’s wish to rest her tongue for a while. “That he is the father of all snakes in our land. That he knows where we came from. That he knows magic. That he has ridden Athansor. That he has a thousand wives and a million children. That he knew Lord Krishna.”
“Yes,” said Madhuri. “That’s Esh.”
“And, yes,” remembered Attra, “that he always answers questions if the asker truly wants an answer.”
“Yes,” repeated Madhuri. “That’s about it. That’s Esh.”
“Tell me more about him,” he said, oblivious to hints.
“There’s not much more to tell.”
“Tell me more about him,” as if he had never said that before.
Madhuri gave in.
“When Esh was young,” she began after a deep breath and an inward smile, “not much older than you are now, his name was not Esh. He was called Bashkar, for he was always happy, the light in his parents’ eyes.”
“Why Bashkar?”
“Because it means the sun, always shining somewhere.”
“It sets at night.”
“That’s only because the world turns away from the sun.”
“It is the sun that moves, everyone can see that.”
“Do you want to hear about Esh or not?”
Attra fell silent, but Madhuri knew that now she would have to explain the solar system in some detail before long: Attra never seemed to forget a question, or let go of one, once he had asked it.
“He was called Bashkar, for he was always happy,” Madhuri said again. “Always shining. A little like you, Attra.”
Attra rippled with pleasure at the comparison, for he could be not a little vain at times.
“They said he had a hundred sisters,” continued Madhuri.
“One mother cannot lay that many eggs.”
“There were many mothers.”
“But Esh only had one mother.”
“Yes, Esh only had one mother.”
“So, not really sisters then, half-sisters some, yes?”
“Will you let me tell this tale?”
“Yes.”
“I would just as happily rest my tongue,” she added.
“I promise.”
“Well, then. He had a hundred sisters.”
“But his favorite was Heera,” said Attra.
“How do you know? You have heard this story before? I have told you this already?”
“No. But you have told me about Heera.”
“Perhaps in another tale,” she said.
“Yes,” he answered.
Madhuri uncurled and stretched again, her back not so much sore as stiff from staying bent over. Before she returned to the green and yellow leaves, she caught a glimpse of a distant speck high in the sky, so far away that she thought little of it.
Stooped again, and continued her story:
“Heera was the most beautiful of snakes. Her scales shone like the diamonds from which she got her name. Her eyes were clear and quick, her tongue was dark and strong, and she could spread her hood wider and with more ease than any of her siblings.”
“Except for Esh, right?”
“Except for Bashkar,” she answered.
“Yes,” he reminded himself. “Bashkar.”
“But if Bashkar was curious and restless—and he was—then Heera was twice as curious, and four times as restless. This was not very girl-like, of course, not befitting a young lady, to slip around the woods and fields and outskirts of villages to see what could be seen, and her parents frowned upon it. In fact, they would not let her slip about on her own. But they would let her go with Bashkar. For one thing, Bashkar was a little older, though not by much, and he was also longer, and stronger—there to help her should the need arise.”
Madhuri cast another glance up at the sky, at the speck she had noticed, but could not find it again, at first. Then she caught it, higher now, but closer. A bird, then. Large and searching.
Then continued. “Leaving home on one of their expeditions, Bashkar would lead the way and Heera would slip behind him, following demurely, like a proper lady should, but once they were out of sight, she would glide up to him and overtake him, making a race of it.
“Although Bashkar was longer, and stronger, he was not faster—no snake was faster than Heera—and it was all he could do to keep up. She even made a show of slowing down to wait for him now and then, something which hurt his pride.
“This one morning we’re talking about, she was playing the same trick on him, speeding so far ahead that she had to wait for him, and Bashkar twice arrived by her side to see her smiling with delight at beating her brother.
“That’s when Bashkar decided to teach her a lesson. He watched Heera speed away again, through the trees, around the stones, under the moss and twigs, faster than water. But now, instead of following her, he took a different route, sliding to the left and away, and then, as fast as he could, speeding in a big semi-circle to catch his waiting sister from up ahead the next time she stopped to wait for him.”
Attra was still now, all attention. He could sense trouble in the story, and he did not like trouble in his stories. He had stopped moving, and had instead stretched out full length, head raised and eyes still, watching Madhuri, her lips and tongue, as the story fell out of her and onto him.
“As I said, Bashkar was not as fast as Heera, but he was by no means slow—he was very fast indeed—and now he sped like a javelin to intercept Heera’s path farther up ahead, so he could sneak back upon her.
“When he judged that he had raced far enough, he veered to his right and then waited. When he heard nothing, he slowly eased his way back to meet and catch her. She must have stopped again by now, waiting for him, he thought. He could picture her, proud and teasing. He stopped again to listen. Not a slither, just the whispers of the forest, the birds and the mice and the lizards, and butterflies, and the million other creatures that never cease to move around. But there was no sound of a moving snake.
“So he glided farther back toward where she must lie in wait for him, expecting to see her at any moment. But there was no sight of her. He stopped to listen again.
Nothing. No movements. Surely, she was waiting for him. Very quietly.
“Then there were many movements at once, the most hated of all movements to a snake’s ear.”
Madhuri glanced at Attra, who normally would have said something, but who now, filled with concern, said nothing, waiting for the next word. Madhuri also cast another glance into the sky and saw the eagle, clearly now, high up, but closer still. The thought crossed her mind to warn Attra about him, but she dismissed the notion. What eagle would dare to alight this close to a human? None that she had ever heard of.
“A mongoose. No, Bashkar listened again, there was the rustle of more than one. Could be two, could be three.
“He slid quickly toward the sound, filled suddenly with foreboding. They may be hunting, and Heera was not far away.
“It was this concern for her that made him miss the mongoose on his right, which attacked out of nowhere, like black lightning that suddenly drove teeth through his hood.
“It did not hurt at first, it was just like so much added, furious weight to his neck, then the pain spread, quickly and with purpose. Bashkar tossed his neck up so strongly and quickly that the mongoose, teeth still in his hood, sailed up and away, ripping a mouthful of scales out of him.
“The mongoose, back on the ground, hissed and screamed fury at his intended prey. Bashkar got a better look now. He was large, and strong, and quick, this one. This was to be a life and death affair.
“That’s when he heard Heera’s shout. She was not more than half a short field away, but she was in trouble. She shouted his name over and over again, shouted for her life, and as Bashkar sped towards her, the mongoose raced behind him, ripping twice at his tail with sharp claws. Once, the mongoose got a better grip with both paws on his back, a deep and painful hold, but again Bashkar managed to shake him loose, intent not on fighting, but on helping Heera.
“Then he saw her, bleeding from several tears and bites, facing two of these loathed creatures, one nipping again at her tail and one staring back at her in defiance and daring. Bashkar shouted at her that he was here, that he was coming, hold on, but then his own pursuer was on top of him again, teeth hard and sharp, deep in his neck. He tried to shake him off, but could not. He tried to reach him with his fangs, but the grip was too close to his head.
“Heera cried out again, this time in pain, and Bashkar glimpsed a deadly hold at his sister’s throat by one of her attackers. The second one leaped from behind and tore her back. His own attacker relaxed for a moment, perhaps with an eye to the other battle, or perhaps to find a fresh target for his teeth. Either way, it was long enough to allow Bashkar to spin away and twist himself to the side of the mongoose—and, like an arrow, to bury his fangs in his belly, furiously pumping his attacker with venom. The mongoose shivered and was still even before he could turn, overwhelmed by death.
“Bashkar lunged down the little hill to where his sister did battle, but he was too late. The two mongooses, seeing him coming, and realizing that he had killed the third, backed off from Heera’s body—still shivering with the chill of death—and watched Bashkar with yellow, hateful eyes.
“Bashkar was torn. One voice, filled with blood, wanted to kill them both, but another voice, not so violent, knew that at best he could only reach one of them. But it was love, the third voice, that spoke the loudest. He had to rush to Heera’s side, to make sure, to see if there was any life left to revive, to call back, to plead with.
“He rippled twice and was by her side. Her eyes were open, but lifeless. She was bleeding from her throat and from four wounds on her back. Her tongue was as still as night, and he knew that she had left. He faced the two mongooses again, who did not know whether to attack or escape. Bashkar rose and spread his hood and the two, moving closer to each other, perhaps for comfort, perhaps for conference, backed off at the sight of his anger.
“Then he did something he did not know he could: he spit venom at the closer of the two and hit his eye, effectively blinding him. The mongoose screamed and fell, shaking as the poison worked its way through the eye and into the blood, soon to leave a dead mongoose behind. At this, the last of the dark devils slipped off into the undergrowth and Bashkar turned back to his sister.
“She looked peaceful now, but it was as if her empty eyes were looking right at him, as if she wondered where he had gone to, why he wasn’t there to help her. And Bashkar, who was to become Esh, knew that he had killed his sister with his pride; that he had let her teasing smile stir his envy at being the slower, had let it bruise his vanity, had let it kill her. And Bashkar rose again, and spread his hood wider than ever before, showing clearly the missing mouthful he had lost to his own assailant, and he screamed his grief to the heavens and to the woods, and to the spirits who at this moment prepared to receive his sister. And on the air that carried his lament, his pride and envy left as well. He aged many years in his rending grief. He became Esh.”
She looked at Attra, who had not moved. Still as a stick, eyes fixed on her, tongue motionless, all ears. He had not noticed that she had stopped: still stunned by the tale.
Madhuri was just about to make sure that the eagle was not a threat when he struck: swooped down out of nowhere and materialized in a flash of claw and feather and caught Attra by the tail, and as quickly lifted again for the sky. Attra screamed, no words, just his panic. Madhuri tried to understand what she was seeing when Attra screamed again, and now from pain as well, which told him of the grip of talons around and through his tail. And he screamed again.
Madhuri knew only one thing: she must not look away, she must not lose sight of the bird and the snake. She knew well that should they fly high enough and should she then lose sight of them momentarily, she might not find them again, having nothing but space to guide her focus. So, her face remained skyward, eyes fixed on the soaring bird, while she gently unshouldered her bag and eased it to the ground. Then she took one step in the direction of the bird, then another, while not for a moment breaking visual contact with him.
Then another step, her feet doing the looking at ground level, and then another, and now she was walking, leaving her feet to their own devices. Then she was running, while her eyes never left the bird. Then she was running like she had never run before, her feet startlingly aware of rocks and bushes and paths and ponds, of obstacles of all sorts, and either leaping over or running around them. When asked to explain later, she would only smile.
The bird was now only a speck in the sky and showed no sign of descent, growing smaller still.
Her feet leaped a small stream and then, somehow, simply neglected to land on the other side, and instead kept running—a foot, sometimes two, above the ground—gathering speed.
And gathering speed, as the speck that was Attra in the grip of an eagle grew perceptively larger.
And she flew over field and stream, and past astonished deer and monkeys, into the foothills of a small mountain. And now the speck of one had become two again, those of bird and snake, and they were now descending. Faster she flew, up among trees, up over trees so as not to lose sight, and then the bird alighted, high in a tall peepal tree many miles away: but miles were only a morsel for her new legs and feet. She was there by the time the eagle dropped Attra into the nest among his brood of hungry chicks.
Madhuri climbed, or scaled, ascended the peepal tree in less than a breath, and before the eagle or any of its hungry brood had much chance to notice, let alone react, she had caught Attra just behind the head and pulled him out of the nest. Then she fell out of the tree, snake in hand and not softly, as if all air suddenly departed a much heavier-than-air balloon.
She bruised herself hitting the ground, but not injuriously. Attra, still terrified, survived the fall as well.
The eagle, realizing now what had happened, and being quick to anger, prepared to strike again, and this time at Madhuri as well.
At which point she spoke in a tongue she had not used before, and has not used since.
“This snake, brother eagle, is not yours to eat. He is my charge, by Esh’s wish, and though I know your brood is hungry, I ask that you understand.”
The eagle, as stunned as Madhuri at hearing her mouth speak the tongue of eagles, took his time in answering, finally: “My father’s father knew Esh. His will be done.” Then he took off for other prey.
It took Madhuri and Attra the better part of a week to make their way back to her house. She carried him most of the way, nursing him back to health with clear water and herbs (which he detested—who’s ever heard of a vegetarian snake, he said—but was too tired to refuse). She even found her bag of kunkuma, now nicely dried, by the patch where the eagle had struck.
When she reached her house, she asked Chanda and Gomati, Attra’s two sisters, to fetch him some food—which meant, kill him some mice. They did, and within three days Attra was none the worse for wear. A little less brash perhaps—and a scratch or two and a talon’s scar on his back—but not much.

:

Madhuri poured us more tea, then rose for the kitchen. She soon returned with sweetmeats—all of which she had baked herself, of course: she was a master.
Harriet thanked her, chose one and took a small bite. Her face lit up. “Gosh,” she said, surprised, and using a word I had never heard her use before. “These are delicious.”
Madhuri smiled and nodded.
“We have our own Karins here,” I said to Harriet.
“What did you say?” said Madhuri.
I told her about Karin and her baking. “Ah,” she said. “We conquer palates everywhere.”
“What is this?” said Harriet, still too delighted with the pastry to let go. “How do you make them?”
“That, my dear, is a secret,” she answered. And I knew she meant it. And so did Harriet.
“Well, they are very, very good,” said Harriet. At which Madhuri smiled again, at Harriet’s delight, at her own secret.
Then Madhuri was all business. “Your eyes,” she said to Harriet. “Forgive me please, but they are hard, they are small stones. Tell me, why are you so unhappy?”
Harriet didn’t quite know what to do with that question. She seldom got flustered, but this time she did. She took another bite of the pastry, was about to say something else about it, but changed her mind. She then put the remainder down on her small gold-edged plate, where it crumbled a little. She looked at her hands. Then she looked up at Madhuri, slowly, with a long silent glance. Her eyes struck me as young again, beautiful again, but as if to prove Madhuri right, they were also like hard and defensive stones.
“How is that any business of yours?” she finally said.
“I am your mother-in-law,” Madhuri answered.
“Jiddu and I never married.”
“I know that.”
“Still, you have no right.”
“I know that, too. Yes. So forgive me, please, but I am curious. And please to humor an old woman. Tell me Yashawini, how is it that a goddess can manage to grow unhappy.”
The shiny stones that were her eyes now averted Madhuri’s face and found other objects of their own, unseeable by us. Then Harriet took a deep breath and said, meaning it, “She works hard at it.”
“Are you sure it is your dream, Siddhi Sapna?”
“It is,” she answered.
“But you are afraid of my wishes,” said Madhuri.
Harriet looked up at her again, surprised. “No, no I am not.,” She answered. “I am afraid of my wishes.”
“Yes, yes,” said Madhuri, “that you are.”
“They come true.”
“Yes, I know.”
“But, you are right,” said Harriet, answering a question Madhuri had not asked, at least not to my ears, “I never did want a child.”
“No,” said Madhuri, “he was my wish.”
“I don’t regret that,” she said.
“I can see that,” said Madhuri. “I can see that now. But I had to see for myself.”
Then—it was as if something that had been strung very taut, and for some time, suddenly relaxed—I felt a ripple of kindness in the air. Madhuri cast a glance at me, as if to see if I had noticed. Harriet smiled too, relieved—at being found innocent, I thought. Innocent of what, though, I wondered.
“I would never wish him dead,” said Harriet. “I would never do that.”
“I can see that,” said Madhuri again.
Harriet picked at the remainder of her pastry, tried to get a delicate hold on it, but it crumbled from pastry to pile under her touch.
“Here,” said Madhuri, “have another one,” and offered her the plate.
“Thank you.”
“Oh, and yes,” said Madhuri with an affected casualness so transparent it made Harriet smile, “Esh would like to meet you.”
“That is your name for Athansor?” said Harriet.
“Oh, goodness, no. Esh is a snake.”
Harriet looked at me, a little alarmed, then back at Madhuri. “I think I’ve had enough of snakes for a while,” she said, meaning it.
“I would not advise turning down his invitation,” said Madhuri, smiling still, but now with a little edge to it. “Especially not in India. There are too many snakes around.”
“What do you mean?” said Harriet.
“Esh is the king of snakes. Any snake will do his bidding.” Not quite a threat.
“Then I guess I had better see go him,” said Harriet.


::Attra::

When we had finished tea, I helped Madhuri clear the table and wash the cups and saucers. Harriet, whose sleep had been cut short by Attra and gang, was still a little tired, she said, and went to her room to rest. In fact, I was still a little tired too, so I followed suit once everything had been cleared away, and the kitchen was once again as clean and shiny as Madhuri insisted it be.
Yes, I had hoped to nap a little but once I had lain down and closed my eyes, the heavy slithering across my legs and up my side to finally end on my chest, told me I would not see sleep just yet. I opened my eyes to find Attra’s face not five inches from mine, still and watching.
“Hello, Attra,” I said.
“Yourself,” he answered.
“You look well.”
“I am well. You too?”
“I’m fine, yes,” I said.
He did not answer, just looked at me.
“It’s been a long time,” I said, meaning it.
“Too long.”
He shifted his weight on my chest. It was a familiar, comfortable feeling, almost like an embrace.
“Too long,” I agreed.
“You’ve stayed away,” he said.
“Not stayed away,” I said. “It’s not like I’ve avoided. I just remained, in England.”
“I know,” he said. “But that adds up to the same thing.”
I clasped my hands behind my neck to support my head, the better to see him. “I’ve missed you,” I said.
“You’re a man now,” he said.
“I guess I am.”
“I am older still,” he said.
“You?” I said. “You don’t look old.”
“We don’t look old,” he said. “We just leave when the time comes.”
I had never thought about that before. Of snakes as old, of snakey signs of aging. I looked at his poised head, scales still fresh and shiny, his black tongue, his white, shiny fangs. Well, somewhere between white and yellow. Perhaps that was a sign. I remembered them as very white.
“Are fangs a sign?” I asked.
“Perhaps,” he said. “But they are marked more by food than time.”
I looked at his long, strong neck. Shifting a little, I took in the rest of his long body, curling to a close at my feet, all clean, fresh, unaged. “Then you don’t look old,” I said.
“We slow down, internally,” he said. “And eventually we stop.”
“What are you saying?” I asked.
“Oh, you wish,” he said. “No, not me. Not for many years to come, but I can feel the slowing, that’s what I’m saying.”
I was relieved to hear that, and it must have shown.
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” he said.
“You can’t leave,” I answered.
“I won’t.”
He shifted again, a kind pressure, spreading evenly from chest to stomach.
“You made quite an impression on her ladyship,” I said.
“The famous one,” he said.
“She’s my mother, you know.”
“I know.”
“I’m beginning to think she’s more than that,” I said.
He was waiting for more.
“Esh has asked to see her,” I said.
Unless you know what to look for you can never tell when you have truly startled a cobra. But I knew, and I noticed. Attra’s tongue quivered for a breath and withdrew and stayed vanished until he spoke again.
“I did not know that. Madhuri didn’t tell me.”
“Perhaps I was not supposed to tell.”
“Esh sees nobody nowadays.”
“He has invited her. Madhuri is to bring her, and I am to come as well.”
“And Attra?” he asked.
“I don’t know.”
“I would like to come,” he said. “I would like to see Esh again.
“So you have met him?” I asked.
“Oh, a long time ago. When you were a little boy in school.”
“A long time ago,” I agreed. Then I added, “I will ask Madhuri that you come as well.”
“I would like to come,” he said again, and fell silent, thoughtful, almost a little heavier on my chest.
“You are tired,” he said then. “You have traveled far.”
“I’ll survive,” I said.
“No. I will let you rest,” he said. “I will wake you later.”
I smiled at that, remembering my childhood’s alarm clock, more reliable than any you could buy and wind up. Every morning, the familiar slither up the side, and tickle in my ear where tongue and breath conspired to bring me back from even the deepest sleep.
“Thank you,” I said.
I was falling asleep even as he slipped back down my bed and onto the floor.

:

Of course Attra was coming, Madhuri said. That had already been decided, demanded, in fact, by Esh or by his people. Attra knew the way and was to lead us. Madhuri had never been, she said.
“But you told me you had met him,” I reminded her.
“He came to see me,” she said. “And that was very, very long ago. Jiddu was not born then.”
“How old is he?” I asked.
“As old as a snake can get,” she answered.
“And how old is that?” I asked, not really expecting an answer.
Madhuri stopped what she was doing and turned to face me to see if I in fact was expecting an answer to that, by her face, impertinent question.
“Old,” was all she replied, then returned to preparing our provisions. It would take three, perhaps four days to reach Esh’s lair, a deep cave in the far hills.


::Esh::

Harriet was in better shape than any of us, that much was clear—well, not counting Attra, of course, who like a hunting dog would vanish far up ahead one moment only to return from far behind the next.
“Reconnoitering,” he said when I asked.
“Reconnoitering what?” I wondered.
“You never know,” he said. But I got the feeling he was just enjoying himself.
Well, as it happened, he wasn’t. He was looking for relays. First up ahead, and if nothing, circling back to make sure he didn’t miss one. And to protect us. The relays were cobras, young and perhaps inexperienced. They might attack if three people they had never seen walked right into them, unless, of course, led by a cobra guide.
I pieced this together after the third relay, because after each one we rested a little, at Attra’s suggestion, and then changed course slightly, now heading for a new landmark, which we never quite got to before we rested, veered a little, and headed for another.
“Who are you seeing?” I asked finally, after the fourth change.
“Outposts,” he said.
“Esh’s people?” Using Madhuri’s phrase.
“Yes,” he said.
“I thought you knew the way,” I said.
“Esh moves from place to place,” he answered. “We are pointed to his current lair.”
While I spent most of my time talking with Attra—when he wasn’t charging ahead or chasing from behind, that is—I was very happy to see that Harriet and Madhuri got along. Neither had a complete grasp of English, and seemed to have found a warm sistership in their common shortcoming, each helping the other with words and phrases to build a fine bridge of understanding between them.
I wondered then, and have often since, whether in the end they needed any words at all. Madhuri spoke less and less and smiled more and more, and Harriet, too, walked with a strange smile on her face the last day. When, many years later, I asked her about it, she simply said that this was between her and Madhuri. Sisters, is what I think. Madhuri younger than her years and Harriet older than hers.

:

By the fourth day, the landscape had changed from plains and the occasional patch of forest, to foothills, to mountainous. Understand, though, these were not the Himalayas by any means, but tall and rocky hills nonetheless, sort of stern foothills, if that makes any sense.
This day we were simply walking from relay to relay, rather than from landmark to landmark, for we could see the distant cobras, they were that close, and then, as if the rock had slid aside (which it well may have), we found ourselves about to enter the mountain.
We were at the mouth of a large cave. Perhaps not the size of the Swedish troll cave, to be sure, but large still. Of course, this turned out to be the antechamber.
Several large cobras materialized, and for all her preparations—Madhuri had told her what to expect—Harriet let out a small yelp at first. Well, it can be pretty unnerving. A young cobra rose to about my height and asked us to enter. We did, Attra first.
Madhuri’s feet had begun to bother her a little, and she was happy to have arrived, and happy about the cooling shade (the sun had been relentless all day). Harriet did not object either, though she kept alert, looking about her vigilantly, as if tracking the individual movements of our welcoming party.
And as for me—probably in the worst shape of any of us—I was jubilant to have arrived.
After a brief conference with a nearly yellow snake—age or strange pigmentation, I couldn’t decide—Attra slipped away to our left, to be debriefed, I thought. Madhuri, by word from the same yellow cobra, followed Attra.
Another snake, amazingly beautiful with multi-colored and glittering scales, and amazingly tall—he must have stood eight feet risen—requested that Harriet and I follow him. He then moved down a hallway to our right. Harriet, a little concerned at being separated from Madhuri, looked back her once. Madhuri smiled back at her: not to worry.
By now my eyes had adjusted to the dimmer light of the mountain and I realized that this cave had once been inhabited by humans, or something humanlike. I could make out carvings along the walls: of forests and animals, of rivers and mountains, of hunting scenes, of elephants and chariots.
The hallway now narrowed and veered to the left, then introduced several neatly carved doorways to our right. We stopped by the first: my room, said the snake, where I was to rest for a while and freshen up. The next door down was Harriet’s.
Our resplendent guide bade her follow and I translated. Harriet, after a quick glance at me (I nodded, it was all right)—a little apprehensively—complied.
I turned and entered my assigned quarters.
It was indeed a room, telling again of human builders. It was square and ample, carved out of the rock with some precision, and again with beautifully carved scenes for decoration; and with niches in the walls for candles, which were in fact lit.
Lit by whom? I wondered. A question soon answered when a tall monkey, walking upright, and with grace, arrived carrying water, washcloth, and towel.
“How was your journey?” he asked in perfect snake tongue.
“Pleasant enough,” I said, “but long. It will be good to cool my feet.”
“Esh thought so,” he answered, placed the bowl at my feet, bowed and moved away, as gracefully as only an agile monkey can. Then, at the doorway, he added, “I am Mandar. I will be your servant while you stay with us. I will be right outside, if you need anything.”
“Thank you,” I said.
I sat down on a low, wooden chair and tended to my feet.
I was drying them when Harriet stepped in, girlishly excited.
“They have monkeys,” she said, quite loudly. “Even one that speaks English. Manini is her name.”
At that, Mandar, from his station just outside my door, cleared his throat and said with a perfect Jeeves accent, “We all do, ma’am.”
It was too dark to see for sure, but I think Harriet turned deep red with embarrassment. “I am so sorry,” she said to Mandar.
“Not at all, ma’am,” he said.
“How are your feet?” she asked.
“Been better,” I said.
“I’m used to walking,” she said, by way of telling me that she was all right.
“I’m used to taxis, or the tube,” I answered, by way of telling her I was suffering.
“Have you noticed the carvings?” she asked.
“Yes.”
She looked around my room and I followed her glance. These scenes all seemed to be from the Mahabharata. To my left, I could make out Arjuna’s chariot drawn by four horses, Krishna urging them on. Another wall showed Bhishma, shot by a hundred arrows, still alive, still answering Yudhisthira’s question, waiting for them to run out so he could take his leave. The third wall showed another chariot in battle, I could not tell which.
“Same as in my room,” she said. “They are exquisite.” She went over to trace some of the detail with her fingers. “Just wonderful. How old do you think they are?”
“I think these scenes are from the Mahabharata,” I answered. “And it was written about two thousand years ago, which would make them younger than that.”
“That long fairy tale?” she asked.
“It’s a little more than a fairy tale,” I pointed out. “Many still consider it history.”
“They look ancient,” she said then, tracing the intricate detail of horse and grass and arrow with her finger.
“Well, younger than would be a very relative term in this context,” I said. “At a guess, I would say they’re at least a thousand years old.” No more recent than that, for they were certainly of an age when the Mahabharata was taken to heart and lived by: these carvings must have taken years, if not lifetimes, to complete—a testament to the importance of the Mahabharata.
“They look ancient,” she said again.
“They are,” I agreed.
Mandar cleared his throat again, a curious thing to hear a monkey do, but it got our attention. “Esh would like to see you now,” he said.
“Ah,” said Harriet, a little apprehensive.
“Follow us,” said Manini, in equally excellent English.
Mandar and Manini led us back the way we had come to the large antechamber we had first entered. Here we veered right, and crossed it to enter another passageway, this one lit from above by long tunnels of light, maybe the diameter of a small coin, leading all the way to the surface of the mountain, but placed so closely together as to resemble a night sky when you looked up. The carvings here were clearly visible, even more exquisite in the better light. I was hard put not to stop and admire them, but Mandar and Manini did not slow their step.
We soon arrived at a large hall, also carved, and with the same daylight-turned-night-sky as lighting. We stopped by a door at least twice my height where Madhuri and Attra were already waiting, too, along with several monkeys.
Madhuri looked refreshed and happy. Excited to see Esh again, I thought.
Attra, if anything, looked apprehensive, although I’m not sure how I could tell. He was too still, perhaps. Reverent might be a better word. He was about to enter the presence of greatness, if not holiness, and he knew it. He turned to face me, but did not change expression, as if to tell me to behave myself. He need not have bothered: I could sense the same impending awe within myself, stilling my thoughts and seizing my stomach. Clouds of moth stirring within.
One of the guards—which is what they must have been—addressed Mandar in a language that was neither snake or human. Their own, then. Soft, not a hissing, but with lots of air, though that may have been because they were whispering.
Mandar turned to us. In English: “We’re to wait a moment or two.” Then by way of explanation: “Esh is on his way.”
I looked up again, and marveled at the almost impossible feat of drilling holes, that small, so straight as to let you see sky through it. How long could they be? What tools did they have, did they use? As an architect I found it more than just amazing, I found it impossible. I grappled with this as Mandar spoke again.
“Esh is ready.”
The guards swung the large stone doors open to let us in.
The ceiling of this hall was studded even more amazingly with pin pricks of daylight, in patterns: constellations? Then, being an architect, and of a practical bent—it comes with the architectural territory—I wondered (after I had caught my breath, that is): what do they do when it rains?
“They don’t use this hall when it rains,” said Mandar, either aloud or only in my head, I’m not sure which, but it was a terrifying reply. I looked over at him, and found him looking straight at me, smiling, I think. Had I voiced my question, or just thought it? I looked back at Mandar who said, no thought: “Yes, I can hear your thoughts, and you mine.” Then he inclined his head in a short, courteous bow, as if to apologize for the intrusion. I went looking for my breath.
Found it. Then I looked up again, and yes, definitely: constellations. There must have been several thousands of these strands of air through the mountain. Who, I could not help but wonder, who had made this? Who had possessed the necessary technology? Mandar, if he heard, did not answer that.
Harriet too had been struck by the sight, for she, too, had stopped, head bent back, gazing, following the curvature of the distant ceiling, a night sky indeed.
“You approve,” said an ancient voice, at which point Harriet shrieked in shock. She later told me that when Manini’s voice first appeared in her head, conveying Esh’s message, translated and clear, it was as if she had been dipped in ice water, every cell standing erect at attention. She had then looked around for the source of the voice and found Manini, her assigned servant, smiling at her, much as Mandar had at me, and I knew exactly what she was talking about.
“You approve?” asked the ancient voice again, in clear snake tongue.
“I’m sorry,” said Harriet, who now looked for and found Esh upon what looked like a small podium by the far wall. “I’m sorry.”
Manini’s translations went both ways, and were so quick that I had the strange sensation of Esh talking snake talk, and Harriet answering him in English, both perfectly understanding the other. Yes, Manini was very good at translating.
“You approve,” said Esh for a third time, and finally Harriet registered the question.
“Yes,” she said, and looked up again at what she so approved of. “Oh yes.”
“We did not do this,” said Esh.
“Who did?” asked Harriet. My question, precisely.
“The Arenshi,” said Esh. “Nearly two thousand years ago. They were very good carvers, and impossibly skilled at drilling holes, but bad fighters. Inept soldiers. That is why they had to hide in this mountain.”
Then, before Harriet could answer, Esh said, “Madhuri. Come here, girl, let me see you.”
Girl?
Madhuri’s time to blush.
At Mandar’s and Manini’s gentle prodding, we now all approached the low platform where Esh lay, resplendent in silvery scales from head to tail. And that is how you tell snake age, I thought.
“Not necessarily,” said Mandar—or thought, it was confusing. But I realized that around him I would have to watch not only my tongue.
“You look well,” said Esh, still addressing Madhuri.
There are few times that I have seen Madhuri tongue-tied, but this was one of them. She behaved just like the little girl Esh apparently was talking to.
“Thank you,” she managed finally. “And so do you.”
“I want to thank you for coming,” he said to us all, and Manini must have been back at translating, for Harriet stood to attention again, looking straight at Esh.
“Bring these fine people something to sit on,” Esh then said to no one in particular. A command, I soon discovered, with specific listeners.
A brief but well-organized scramble ensued, and suddenly we found ourselves seated on small but quite comfortable stools, bringing our eyes and Esh’s almost level. He then not so much moved as de-materialized and re-materialized at the edge of the podium, closer to us, perhaps only eight feet away now. We could all see him clearly now, and Madhuri drew a quick breath when she noticed that Esh’s eyes were clouded over: two small, milky opals.
“Don’t worry, girl,” he said. “I don’t need them to see.”
Madhuri didn’t, or couldn’t, answer.
I’m sure Esh noticed Madhuri’s embarrassment, but he made nothing of it by continuing, “You have come from far away, and I thank you.”
It took me a moment to realize that he was talking to Harriet now, who nodded and smiled.
“You are a potent dreamer, Siddhi Sapna.”
Harriet at first didn’t realize that Esh was still addressing her, for she said nothing in return. Manini must then have clarified it, for Harriet looked at Manini and then back at Esh, who was still looking at her for an answer.
“Why do you call me Siddhi Sapna?” she asked. “Madhuri did too.”
“Because,” said Esh. “That is your name.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Siddhi Sapna. There is no better name for you.”
“The one who achieves her dreams?”
“The one whose dreams grow real,” confirmed Esh.
“And that is me?”
“Oh, yes.” Then Esh added, “Do you know who you are?”
“No,” she said, understanding the question correctly. “No, I don’t think so.”
“Well, I am not here to tell you,” said Esh.
“Then,” asked Harriet, “Why am I here?”
“To remind you.”
“To remind me of what?”
“That you did get exactly what you wished for.”
She did not answer.
“Remember when you and Elisabet Malcolm used to climb on top of your backyard latrine to sunbathe on its roof, when suddenly you were no longer on top of an outhouse but on a sandy beach with blue sky, and waves breaking on the nearby shore so loudly that even Elisabet could not help but hear them?”
Harriet had frozen in place, eyes wide and riveted on Esh. She nodded, slowly, with difficulty, but said nothing.
“Remember when your uncle David asked you what you were going to do when you grew up, and you answered without hesitation, ‘Why, first of all, I shall be a great diva and then a princess.’ Do you remember?”
Harriet nodded again, mouth slightly open, stunned.
“Remember when you had your brother and your friends dress up in your stage plays, and you handed their roles to them, and you acted yours so well that they could not help but believe it was all true?”
“Yes,” she managed.
“Remember when you looked up at the starry winter sky and wished with all of your life that you would become the most beautiful and most famous actress the world has ever seen. Do you remember?”
“Yes,” she said again, after a long silence.
“You see, you are a good wisher,” he said.
This, she did not answer.
“You are Siddhi Sapna, the one whose dreams come true,” he said.
Harriet looked over at me before she answered. “Yes, they have come true.”
“And now I hear that you have killed Mr. Hammarskjold,” said Esh.
“Yes,” she said. “Yes, I did.”
“Many people wished him dead,” Esh said.
“But you just said that my wishes come true.”
“As do others’ wishes.”
“But I did wish it.”
“Yes you did.”
“But you say, it was someone else’s wish that killed him?”
“Remember that starry winter sky and the wish you lifted into it.”
“Yes,” said Harried.
“Was there any part of you, any part at all of you, that did not wish it?”
“No,” she said without hesitation.
“Was there any part of you that did not wish Mr. Hammarskjold dead?”
“Yes,” said Harriet after only a brief reflection. Then she drew a long breath, and held it for so long I thought for a moment she had stopped breathing. Then she slowly let it out, and I could almost see her self-torment leave on the air she expelled into the light. She smiled, and I could have sworn that Esh smiled too.
“Did you,” she began. “Did you bring me here only to tell me that?” Not a little incredulous, but very grateful.
“No,” said Esh. “I only just found this out.”
“Why, then?”
“To remind you what a potent dreamer you are.”
“I remember,” she said.
“And,” he added, “to tell you about trolls.”
“About trolls?”
“They are very fond of you, I hear.”
She did not answer.
“And one would be very unwise not to honor those upon whom trolls bestow gifts,” said Esh.
Harriet’s hand traveled to her neck, to make sure her elusive gift was still in place. It was. Her hand returned and found its mate. “I am just a Swedish girl with dreams,” she said.
“But what dreams!” said Esh.
Harriet bowed her head then, if only a fraction. As noble and honoring a gesture as I have ever seen. Esh saw, of course, despite his clouded eyes, and said, “I hope one day you will see them all for what they are.”
“My dreams?”
“Yes.”
Harriet reflected for a moment. “I think I sometimes do,” she said.
“I think so too,” he answered.
No one spoke for some time. The thin shafts of light glittered in their thousands around us. Finally Esh spoke again: “And now you are a princess in exile.”
Harriet understood. “Yes,” she said. “Voluntarily.”
“Is there any other kind?” he asked.
“I suppose not.”
The silence reserved for Esh’s answer, remained silence. Then, instead of answering, he addressed Madhuri.
“You look well,” he said again.
Madhuri, who by now had had the time both to chase down the cat and to retrieve her tongue, answered, “It has been a long time.”
“Many years,” he confirmed.
“I thank you for seeing me again. It is an honor.”
“It is a true pleasure,” Esh said. But it was clear, both to me and by this time to Madhuri as well, that it was Harriet Esh had wanted to meet, and that Madhuri was here as guide and mother-in-law more than anything else.
Madhuri bowed, as one does before royalty, and remained looking at the floor in deference.
“And you, Nachiketa,” he said, facing me. I could not fathom how, but he faced me squarely and he saw me very well, this I knew. “You have met our traveling dancers.”
It wasn’t a question, but it sounded like one. I scrambled a little to understand him when I saw that stage again, and my rescuers caressing the ankles of Pearly Soames.
“Yes,” I said. “They saved my life.”
“So you owe us a life,” he said.
“Yes, I do.”
“No,” he said. “It’s all been settled. That was Madhuri’s gift to you. We owed her a life, Attra’s. She gave it to you.”
I looked over at Madhuri, who smiled back at me.
I, too, bowed in thanks, then, and Esh smiled.
“You’ve met trolls,” he said.
“Yes,” said I and Harriet at precisely the same time. Then we looked at each other and laughed.
“They know snake talk,” I said. “Very well.”
“So they should,” said Esh. “It is their language.”
And, just like that, there it was, so simply said, so plainly answered, with no embarrassment at all. Just stated.
“It is?”
“Why, yes. They came first. At one time they were all there was.”
“The Rakshasa?”
“Oh, long before them.”
“The Rakshasa seem like troll.”
“They are but shadows of trolls.”
“Then,” I said, hardly believing—but seeing again in memory the stone jugglers and hearing again in memory their river of song, I did believe—“Then they are truly ancient.”
“They invited Athansor,” Esh said. “They spread the world before his feet and bade him make the world his home.”
“They were here before Lord Krishna?” I asked.
“What has he got to do with it?” said Esh, and I looked over at Madhuri, who looked as bewildered as I felt.
“I thought Athansor was Lord Krishna’s horse. I have also heard it told that Lord Krishna and Athansor are one and the same.”
“I don’t know about that,” said Esh, but there was laughter in his voice.
“So it is not true, then?” I asked.
“The troll spread the world of green grass and wide fields before Athansor’s feet and he alighted and found the grass fresh and good and found the fields vast and firm. And he made the world his home.”
“So, they came here first?” I asked.
“Yes,” said Esh.
“They are the Earth Gods, then?”
“Yes,” said Esh.
“Even before Hanuman?”
“Hanuman is but a pup,” Esh said with another smile.
“But the Ramayana and the Mahabharata,” I began.
“Are but recent memories.”
I nodded that I understood.
“I had three purposes in asking you here,” said Esh. “One was to see Madhuri again, to balm my cloudy eyes.”
I looked over and my grandmother was blushing again. Beautiful in his praise.
“The second was to remind our exiled princess of her dreams, and yes, to ease her heart.”
Harriet sat still, hands in her lap reassuring each other. She smiled at hearing his second reason.
“My third reason was to tell you the story of the trolls. Seeing as you have met them.” Esh then turned to three monkeys in pure white sitting cross-legged to his left. “Refreshments, please.”
Another brief, and well-organized, stampede ensued, after which there were trays before each of us bearing minted tea, flaky pastries, crystallized ginger, and honey, as well as glasses of strawberry juice so cool they sprouted beads of condensation running down their sides. We all waited for Esh to be served something as well, before we would  touch our refreshments, but when he noticed this he said, “Oh, I no longer eat. Please help yourselves.”
Then he rearranged himself on the stage, settling in for the telling.
The three monkeys in white returned to his side and sat down. Beside us Mandar and Manini also sat down, crossing their legs for comfort. A restful silence settled on the large hall after one and all had made themselves comfortable.
There was anticipation in the air.
Then he began.


::Trolls::

“Hanuman’s oldest son was blessed with an outstanding memory. This is the story he told, and for which he in turned thanked the blessings of those many memories that had gone before him:
“Vishnu was bored.
“The sun and moon and stars and their many planets, one rounder than the next, spun their soft silent songs in perfect rhythm, all according to perfect plan and perfect wish.
“The light which emanated from the center of Vishnu, who is light and who will always be light, spread throughout the universe until it reached the end, and when it reached the end, by shining it pushed the end out before it, chasing it as it fled into farther and farther away, and into larger and larger, and some say that this light still chases the far end of the universe into ever larger.
“The planets spun like spinning tops, that in turn spun around suns like wheels, pacing the years in quick succession, one or ten to a breath. The galaxies rolled and sailed in waves so majestic, only one whose time is endless can see them move.
“This was Vishnu’s playground: vast, organized, brilliant, and moving, and ever expanding.
“And, yet, for all this beauty, for all this symmetry and dancing, Vishnu was bored.
“Maybe he had seen it all before. Maybe this was not the first universe he had built. Maybe this was the last in an endless line of universes, one more complex, one more dancing than the next, what do we know? But after some trillion trillion years of watching and tweaking and adjusting and shifting, he had grown bored.
“The tale does not tell whether he chose this world, or whether this world is one of a trillion trillion worlds that he chose. It is enough that we should believe that this is the only world he did choose, for that makes us important.
“Vishnu then—out of love say some, but out of boredom says Hanuman’s oldest son and the many memories that went before him—begot the four elements: earth, water, fire, and air.
“Earth he made by crumbling with his many tendril fingers the surface of the smooth silver ball that was the world before Vishnu got bored.
“Water he made by scooping large valleys in the newly earthy surface and filling them with his breath.
“Fire he made from the drops of stars.
“And air he made from the hum of constant motion.
“And in the earth he sowed the fire, made it root and sprout and rise, and so color was born. Greens and reds and blues and yellows rose up to sing for him.
“And in the oceans he sowed the fire, where it sprouted fins and gills and swam and soon knew hunger.
“And in the air he sowed the fire, where it sprouted wings and lungs and flew and soon knew hunger.
“And on the surface of the earth, among the growing colors, he spread the fire which grew legs and lungs and heart and walked and soon knew hunger.
“Some of the colors of plants and trees loved the ocean more than others and found in it a new home and covered first its shallow waters, then the deeps, with color, mainly green.
“Then the hunger worsened and grew so painful that some fishes could not endure it and they wondered whether color was edible, and they found it so, and they ate of the watery plants. Other, less patient fish, wondered whether the smaller plant-eating fish were edible, and they found them so, and so they ate them.
“Some birds picked at fruits and berries with their beaks to still the hunger, and larger birds picked at the smaller birds with talons and beaks to still their hunger.
“Some beasts ate the fruits and grains and berries of plants to still their hunger and other beasts, larger and less patient, tore the smaller beasts apart and ate their hearts and livers and muscles and drank their warm blood to still their hunger.
“Only plants and trees were spared the hunger, for their roots embraced the earth in constant feeding and their leaves embraced the sky in constant breathing and they never knew the hunger of not eating. And so they were the happiest creatures on Earth, and many think they still are.
“This strange dance, fierce and intricate, driven by hunger, held Vishnu’s interest for a time, maybe for trillions of years, maybe for an afternoon, it does not matter, for then he grew bored.
“Vishnu then—out of love say some, but out of boredom says Hanuman’s oldest son and the many memories that went before him—spread new fire on the earth, grew it to a large beast, which he stood up and walked.
“Vishnu gave it large, dark eyes and hairy ears, a large mouth with many teeth, and a naked tail with a tuft of hair at its end, and called it troll, which means daemon in the old tongue, which means divine power and guiding spirit in a tongue older still, which means Vishnu in the oldest of tongues.
“Then he made a mate for himself, and then he forgot all about Vishnu.
“The first troll called himself Rama. He called his wife Rameya. They mated and had one child, and Vishnu has not been bored since.
“Rama reached the age of many stars, as did Rameya. Their children reached the age of many stars, as did their children.
“One morning, some of the other beasts climbed up into the trees, and then, maybe a thousand thousand years later, maybe the same morning, climbed down again onto the ground, and then stood up on their hind legs and made weapons.
“With clubs and arrows they killed other beasts, and ate their hearts, and soon they built cities of stone with walls of stone surrounding to protect themselves against the night which they feared, knowing they owed many a life to many a beast, knowing well the beasts had a right to come and collect on this debt, and knowing they would choose the night to do so.
“But what they feared above all else was the troll.
“Although the trolls were few—their race did not yet number a full hundred, for they each lived many thousand thousand years and some never mated, and those who did never had more than one child—man feared their size and strength and freedom, knowing they were of the gods, above both beast and man. Above fish and bird and tree. Above earth and water and fire and air.
“Silent and strong, tall and proud and wise, but sometimes also curious, the trolls would on occasion come to the outskirts of the stone cities and gaze in wonder at the hustle and bustle of the ant life within.
“When this happened, the men inside sounded sirens and alarms and shut the gates and locked their doors, for they owed an ever-increasing debt of life to the many beasts of the world, which they thought the trolls might have come to collect; and they locked their hearts, for they all had secrets they did not want the trolls to find.
“For it was well known by this time that if a troll’s eye fell on you, your sins—and no one was entirely free of sins—would burst into flame and consume you.
“One day, a clever little man called Vasupati—who had more to hide than most, and who had more to lose than most by bursting into flame (for he had swindled and stolen and cheated his way to owning most of the city)—suggested that they make the city safer by once and for all ridding the world of the menace of trolls.
“Jigyasa was a young troll-girl, named for her curiosity. She had good ears and a clean heart, and she had learned all that Rama and Rameya had told. She had good eyes and had learned the way of the fishes and the birds and the beasts and she understood their hungers. She had tender fingers and deep lungs and had learned the way of the trees and flowers and loved them the best. But she did not yet understand men, who locked their doors and locked their hearts with such industry as soon as she sat down to watch them.
“One morning, the clever Vasupati told every man to come to the town hall, for he had grave news. Every man came, and to a man brought his wife too, for it was mostly the women who decided what was to be done in the house and in the town, no matter what the men thought, and if the women decided to come—which they did—there was no man smart enough to stop them.
“But, what no one knew was that Vasupati had no news to tell, other than what news he himself had concocted to forward his own purpose. And if something served this purpose, then it was both worthy and ethical, according to the creed of Vasupati.
“‘Men,’ he said, and surveying the gathering, added, ‘and women of Hara, the city of the sun, I thank you for coming.’
“The many men and their wives shifted restlessly, impatient to hear what news Vasupati had come by. ‘Know, that today I have heard, from a trusted friend, that the trolls are planning to drive us out, and take over our fair city.’
“Many men gasped and many women shrieked and a great commotion began as most everyone started talking and yelling and asking questions both of Vasupati and of each other, all at the same time. Vasupati was waving his hands in the air, asking for silence, but this went on for quite a little while before everyone finally noticed his waving.
“When the hall was quiet once again, Vasupati, who was quite pleased to have caused such a commotion, clasped his chubby little fingers over his chubby little belly and then fingered his many gold rings, now so deeply embedded in his flesh as to seem a part of the skin, and looked out over the men and women for a long time with his puffy little eyes.
“Then he said, ‘I have heard from a trusted friend that the trolls are tired of their mountain caves, are tired of cold nights and hot days and leaky roofs and hard beds. I’ve heard that they have grown tired of their ways, and that they are envious of our city.’
“‘That is why,’ he said, ‘they come and look at us. It is to spy on us and to plan how best to drive us out, or to kill us all, and so steal our city.’
“Meanwhile, at that very moment, Jigyasa was sitting on a little hillock outside the city walls and wondered why everybody had gone into the large white building and locked the doors. She had heard the commotion inside and found it strange. She watched and knew that understanding men would take some time.
“‘The only way open to us,’ continued Vasupati, louder now, his chubby little voice rising and falling with peevish energy, ‘is to kill them all before they kill us.’
“‘How are we to kill them when just by looking at us they burst us into flame?’ asked a large woman at the front of the gathering.
“Vasupati had anticipated this question, and was pleased that it had been asked. He had to wait, however, until the commotion had once again settled, for everybody agreed, and loudly, that this was a good question that needed a good answer, or there would be no troll-killing.
“‘Mirror shields,’ he said with a smug little smile. ‘Shields polished to the shine of mirrors. They will deflect their gaze and protect us.’
“‘Mirror shields,’ they repeated to themselves and among themselves and they discussed and argued and finally saw that mirrors would indeed be a good idea, for it was Vasupati’s idea and his ideas were on the whole good. Just look at all the gold rings on his fingers, he always gets his way, and who’s to say that he won’t get his way with the trolls too.
“‘Yes,’ said Vasupati once the silence had resettled. ‘Mirror shields. They will protect you,’ Then he hesitated as he surveyed the lay of the land and saw that although he had no intention whatever of participating in actual combat—you could get hurt that way, and that formed no part of his plan—he was expected to lead the charge on the trolls. ‘They will protect us,’ he said as smoothly as cream, and none seemed the wiser. ‘They will allow us to surround them as they come to spy on us, and kill them with our spears.’
“‘Can they die?’ asked a young mother, holding her baby to her breast and eyeing Vasupati with suspicion.
“‘Why, of course,’ said Vasupati. ‘My trusted friend tells me that if you pierce their eyes with spears they die instantly.’
“‘How are we to reach their eyes with our spears?’ asked a tall man, knowing full well that a troll’s eyes could not be reached even by three of him standing one on top of the other, even with a spear.
“‘We bring them down,’ said Vasupati. ‘Once on the ground, we can gouge their eyes.’
“That was a good answer, and the tall man fell silent.
“‘How are we to bring them down?’ asked his wife.
“Vasupati was ready for this, too, and as he was a clever man, he had thought it out well. ‘We will cast the sun in their eyes with our mirror shields and then, when they are confused, we toss our fishing nets over them.
“‘How many of them are there?’ asked the tall man’s wife.
“‘My trusted friend tells me,’ said Vasupati, ‘that there are no more than perhaps a hundred of them.’
“‘How could we defeat a hundred of them at the same time?’ asked the wife.
“‘One by one,’ said the clever Vasupati. ‘Not at the same time. One by one.’
“‘What if we succeed in killing one, and they all come together to take revenge?’ asked the tall man’s wife, who by now was upsetting Vasupati. She was too clever by far, and probably realized, as Vasupati had, that it would cost many hundreds of men to rid the world of trolls.
“‘Would you rather do nothing?’ he said, and pointed his ringed and chubby finger at her, embarrassing her husband. ‘Would you rather do nothing and let the trolls kill us all and take over our city? Perhaps you suggest that we open the city gates for them, to help them enter and make our slaughter all the quicker?’ all the while stabbing the air in her direction with his finger. He was sweating too.
“At this the tall man’s wife fell silent, for there were many threatening murmurs and movements around her, as in their minds she was already assuming the color of a traitor.
“Vasupati saw that his little outburst had had the intended effect and that the gathering was firmly on his side. ‘Next troll that comes our way, we will kill,’ he said with confidence.
“‘There is one sitting on the south hill,’ said a man at the back dressed in a soldier’s uniform.
“‘There is?’ shrieked Vasupati. ‘Why did no one sound the alarm?’
“‘You told everyone to be here,’ said the man, which drew some laughter.
“‘We are not ready yet,’ said Vasupati. We need to make our mirror shields.’
“This was of course true, and everyone agreed. They would make their mirror shields, and the next troll that showed up after they were ready, would be as good as dead.
“‘Who is the trusted friend,’ asked the tall man’s wife of her husband, ‘that has told Vasupati all these things?’
“But her husband pretended not to hear, for to question Vasupati at this meeting would now be a dangerous thing.
“‘Who is the trusted friend,’ asked the wife again. Louder this time.
“‘Be quiet, woman,’ said the man. ‘Do you want to see us killed?’
“The woman looked around and saw the many suspicious glances cast in her direction and knew that her husband was right. She asked no further questions.
“The next troll to show up, after the shields were polished and ready, was of course Jigyasa, who was the only troll interested enough in the doings of men to come to the city regularly and wonder at their strangeness.
“During the polishing, which took several weeks, Vasupati had succeeded in making others suggest that it was probably best that Vasupati direct and organize their attack from atop the wall, where he could have a clear view of the battle—and from where, he knew, he could easily escape down into his cellar should anything go wrong.
“And so their shields were all polished when Jigyasa came out of the forest this time and sat down on the little hill and watched with fascination how a stream of them came out of the city to meet her, all carrying mirrors and spears.
“As they came closer she saw the brown and gray miasma of hostility rippling among them and she knew that they were not well-intended. Still, she was curious.
“As they reached the foot of the hill where she sat, the first few men moved their mirror shields so as to catch the sun and throw it into her eyes. As they succeeded, Jigyasa was stabbed by little blindnesses, which she did not like and did not understand. She no longer wished to stay. And so she stood up and walked away, leaving the confused men, and their shields, behind.
“Vasupati, from the safety of the wall, saw this and realized that he had misjudged the troll. He had counted on its evil nature to attack the men rather than flee.
“‘Next time,’ he said at the following meeting, ‘We must surround it before we use our mirror shields.’
“This was generally held as a good idea, but one that they did not have the opportunity to put into practice for another three months.
“It was a clear fall day, when Jigyasa again came to the south hill and sat down. Sirens went off, alarms jangled throughout the city, and Vasupati directed his army as planned: many of them slipped out through the back gates and streamed out into the land to approach the evil troll from behind and from the sides. A smaller group approached her from the main gate as before.
“Again Jigyasa saw the men with their shields and spears, but she did not leave. Again she saw the miasma of ill will and wondered at it. For this was what she had actually returned to observe. There had been much discussion with her parents and other trolls about the miasma. They said she must have been mistaken, the men could have meant her no harm, and in the end she was not so sure herself. So she had decided to return and look again. And found that she had been correct: as happened the first time, the men approached her in a mist of ill will that she could not comprehend.
“Once the first men reached the bottom of the hill, they again caught the sun in their shields and threw it into her eyes. Again, this disturbed Jigyasa and she rose to go, only to find that many more men had appeared behind her and around her, each with their mirrors and none with good will.
“All of them tried to catch the sun and throw it in her eyes, but for one thing, the angle was all wrong this late in the season, and for another, the sun went into a cloud and then there was no sun to throw.
“That is where the men panicked and began to throw their spears at her eyes.
“None were good enough to find the mark, but a few found her arms and legs and feet, and they stung.
“Jigyasa screamed the pain and boiled into a sudden fury. With hands and feet she mangled and trampled and crushed the entire little army to nothing more than a stain on the Earth and with a sad heart she pulled the little stingy spears out of her skin and left for the forest.
“The trolls did not take too kindly to the attack on Jigyasa, and the next day they left their keeps and descended upon the city.
“Trolls are nothing if not thorough. It took them the better part of the day, but when they were done, there was no city left, nor a single living human to tell the tale. With saddened hearts they returned to the forest to think about this.”
Esh looked up with his cloudy eyes as from a reverie.
“Do you want more refreshments? Tea perhaps?”
At first I didn’t realize that we had temporarily left the story, and I had trouble making sense of the trolls taking tea while their saddened hearts contemplated the city. Then I stirred and made the connection.
I looked at my tray, and saw that I had finished the meal, as well as the tea. This came as a mild surprise to me. And yes, I was thirsty.
“I would like some,” I answered.
Madhuri nodded as well, but Harriet—regarding the floor before her, though seeing none of it, I’m sure—made no answer.
“Princess?” said Esh, with such precision that Harriet looked up, startled.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“Would you like some refreshments?” asked Esh again, as if the question had never been asked before.
She too looked at the tray before her, and finding it untouched, said, “No, I think I’m fine.”
The servant monkeys disappeared and reappeared with tea for me and Madhuri. One of them replaced Harriet’s cold, untouched tea with a new pot, fresh and steaming.
Harriet smiled and thanked him.
Outside, above us, the afternoon had veered toward evening, for the thousands of points of light had turned a darker blue and made the ceiling look more like a beautiful blanket than a milky way.
“But men returned, of course,” said Esh, and soft noises I had not taken in ceased into a silence that I did notice. “And each town, each city, seemed to sprout their own Vasupatis, each one more clever than the next, and by the time Jigyasa, curiosity unquenched, returned from their forest to watch the rebuilding of Hara, the man now in charge was called Dharmadev, the lord of law.
“Dharmadev, however, was not seen to rule, nor did he want to be. This he left to his captain, a large, not too intelligent but fearless man named Heramba, who liked to paint himself as yet larger and more fearless, and who would brook no disobedience. To Heramba, the law was everything, while Dharmadev, for his part, was the law.
“Heramba in turn commanded many officers, some with swords and spears, some cloaked in everyday clothing to move unnoticed among the citizens and slaves of Hara, the secret eyes and ears of rule.
“Dharmadev himself lived in humble quarters, in a little clearing just outside the rising city. There he kept his books, and his plans, and his dreams. And his plans, once finalized in finest detail—Dharmadev was nothing if not clever, and very precise—were then explained to Heramba as law.
His dreams, however, he explained to no one.
“And his foremost dream was to become immortal.
“And the best way to become immortal was to become a god. And the best way to become a god was to slay one. For the slayer of gods must himself be a god, for only gods can slay a god. And the only gods he knew of were the trolls.
“Dharmadev knew of Jigyasa, of course. Heramba had reported her presence the moment she first appeared on her hill many months before, and Dharmadev had given orders that a constant watch be posted to keep an eye out for trolls.
“By this time trolls were much feared, for the legend of Hara, the destruction of the original city, had fallen into lore and was whispered mother to child among all men of the Earth. Not many had seen one, but they all feared them.
“And the trolls were gods, dangerous gods, thirsty for blood.
“And as the walls were not yet built to protect Hara, and as no gate was yet in place, there was no defense against the visiting troll, save the vigilance and bravery of Heramba and his soldiers.
“In truth, Jigyasa was wary of this new anthill, but was more curious still. She would come every day, to her hillock, from where she had a good view of the entire Hara valley, its river, its fields, and of its new city rising. Thousands of men, sleeping in tents and huts, some in chains, some not, working from dawn till night to build it.
“She tried to understand what drove them, what made them toil in the midday sun, and what made them die, many of them, under heavy burdens. What made others, with long, steel-tipped whips, treat their brothers like beasts and draw long streaks of blood on naked backs if they did not move fast enough or bow deeply enough before the soldiers.
“She tried to understand how fear could build something quite as beautiful as what she, from day to day, saw rising in the valley of Hara.
“Back in her own mountain, the others frowned on her visits, and urged caution. She remembered and agreed, she would be careful. Men were not well-meaning.
“Then came the day when not everyone would run to hide when she approached her vantage point.
“Then came the day when fewer still would run to hide when she approached her vantage point.
“Then came the day when no one at all ran to hide when she approached.
“‘It only sits there,’ reported Heramba to Dharmadev. ‘It comes, it sits down, and it watches. Nothing else. They see this, and they are no longer afraid of it.’
“Dharmadev dismissed Heramba. He had to think about this. The following day he summoned Heramba again and explained his new law to him.
That night Heramba’s officers secretly killed and mutilated twenty of the weakest slaves and spread their remains around the city.
“The following day Heramba’s eyes and ears spread the word that the troll had attacked in the night.
“This was repeated two more nights, and after that the mortal fear of trolls had been properly restored.
“Jigyasa tried to understand, but could not. Men who only a week earlier would hardly look up from their toil as she sat down, now dropped their tools, and again fled for places to hide.
“Dharmadev explained another new law to Heramba, and soon everyone knew that the trolls were planning an attack, and who they were coming for were the children, which they would steal and bring back to their mountain, some as slaves, though most as food.
“Soon everyone also knew that their children were boiled alive, and that the trolls enjoyed their screams as they turned pink then red from the boiling water and then died as the daggers of pain burned deeper and deeper to finally reach the heart to extinguish it.
“Some trolls, so they were told, so enjoyed the screaming that they packed ice around the children’s hearts to keep them alive longer, the longer to hear them scream. For these trolls, the children’s agony was food: the tender flesh they left for other, baser tastes.
“And soon the trolls were no longer fearsome gods to the citizens and slaves of Hara, but devils. Incomprehensibly evil, and their mortal enemy.
“And before long, everyone also knew that the only way to save their children was to capture and kill the troll spy, who came to watch their building from the western hill, whom they had all seen, and who had already killed sixty of their slaves. Only this would teach the trolls a lesson, and make them leave the city alone.
“Dharmadev was a designer of fear, and he knew his craft very well.
“On the morning of the attack, some saw Heramba’s men carrying large bags dripping with blood, but none dared speak about it.
“This was the morning that Dharmadev had received early word that the troll was approaching. This was the morning he handed down new orders to Heramba.
“And these new orders said that once the troll reached the hill, Heramba’s soldiers would suddenly discover the killed and half-eaten children by the foot of the western hill, which they did; and the word spread like flame.
“Jigyasa saw the slain children at the foot of her hill and did not understand. Nor did she understand the fearful commotion that rippled through the city. Perhaps she was too absorbed by not understanding to act sooner, we do not know, but before she had a clear notion of her predicament she was surrounded by not a handful of soldiers, or a hundred men, but by thousands and thousands of men and women furious with fear and hate for the child-eaters. All steeped in the foul miasma of ill will.
“Jigyasa killed hundreds, but for each man she crushed, three swarmed in to reach her. Spears and arrows flew from the soldiers to her left and right, and after some time she grew weak from the many leaks.
“Finally she stumbled, fell, and was covered by hate.
“They did not kill her then, that was not in Dharmadev’s plan. She was dragged to the little clearing by his house.
“Heramba entered to tell him they had brought the troll, and Dharmadev stepped out, for the first time in plain view, as the ruler of men, as the giver of laws, as the killer of trolls.
“He ordered Heramba to tie the troll’s arms and legs to the ground, and to nail its large ears to the earth with wooden spears. Then he ordered its eyelids pried and held open while he took his finest sword out of its sheath, held it to the sun and kissed it twice, once for each eye.
“Standing by Jigyasa’s large head, which reached to his waist, Dharmadev then stabbed his sword into each eye, all the way to the hilt, drawing a small fountain of clear liquid from each.
“Then, holding his sword again to the sun, and kissing it once, for the heart, he killed her.
“As he lifted his sword a final time, pointing to the sun, Heramba and his soldiers broke out into cheers, and the thousands who had witnessed the killing soon took it up too. Many fell to the ground and mumbled his name, Dharmadev, Dharmadev, and he was well on his way to becoming immortal.
“But Vishnu felt no pain. He had risen from Jigyasa’s body once she had been fettered to the ground, and from above, looked on in curious disgust. Once Dharmadev pointed to the sun and all men bowed to him, Vishnu returned to the mountains and grew another troll.
“They returned the following morning and slew every man, woman, and child, except for Dharmadev—who had known this might happen—and Heramba and twenty of his most loyal soldiers, who had fled with Dharmadev in the night.
“The trolls left nothing of the city but crumbs and splinters.
“Dharmadev, the troll slayer, traveled the world from one end to the other, and with the help of Heramba and his soldiers, who now numbered thousands again, spread the fear of trolls, and the light of his own deed.
“He would set them free. He would save them. He would lead the way.
“And when he was done, when he had become immortal, for surely every man, and woman, and child for all time to come would know of him, and think of him, and thank him, he led an army of many many thousands of well-armed men toward the mountains north of the valley of Hara, to seek out the trolls and avenge mankind.
“Many trolls died in that battle, for Vishnu did not want to flee. But by the time the trolls numbered only a handful, he had no choice. He led them through the deeper caves through the mountain and away to the north.
“Thousands of men died in that battle, but many more lived to tell the tale that the trolls had not been armed, had no hordes of human children in their caves, had books and flutes and art in their halls, and some even said, had been reluctant to fight.
“That is how Dharmadev finally achieved immortality: as a slayer of men, not as a slayer of trolls. Of course, he himself did not partake in the battle: he directed it from a safe distance, and after it was over he withdrew from the world.
“The trolls traveled north, beyond the reach of men, and found a home at the top of the world, where they still live, distrustful of men, long, long lives that have seen roads and cars and trains, and have seen airplanes cross the earth, and satellites pierce the sky, all in a futile rush for a material immortality, which like Dharmadev’s will never truly be found.
“And their hearts are saddened by the folly of men, and they are rarely, if ever, seen.”

:

Esh stopped and the silence was complete. Only soft breathing could be heard, and only if you really listened.
The silence went on for so long that it might have been the new way of the world. Then Harriet spoke. “They touched my skin,” she said.
“Yes,” answered Esh, softly. “You, princess, and you, Nachiketa, are blessed.”
It had grown dark outside, and overhead. Candles had been lit along the walls and around the little stage Esh lay on.
“You have a long journey back tomorrow,” he said. “You will need your rest.”
“We’ll do fine,” said Madhuri.
“It’s a long way,” said Esh again, talking perhaps of our walk back, or of some other journey, I wasn’t sure.
“Thank you,” said Harriet, “for seeing us. Thank you.”
“Fare well,” he said in reply to her, and to Madhuri and me as well. Then he slipped back and away. His three servants in white followed immediately, and the rest of the listeners in the hall dissipated like a mist lifting.
Mandar and Manini led Harriet and me back to our quarters. Madhuri’s room was in the other direction. We turned to follow our guides when I heard hooves on stone from the corner of the hall. I glanced back, and saw a large white horse disappearing into shadow, his tail swatting with energy, as if impatient to get going.
Harriet saw him too, but Madhuri for some reason didn’t notice, and when I turned to point him out to her, he was gone.
“I think that was . . . ,” I began.
“Athansor,” said Harriet.
Madhuri heard that, and looked at us.
“Where?” she said. “Here?”
“I think I saw him,” I said.
“I think he is sometimes known as Esh as well,” said Madhuri.
“Or Krishna,” said I.
Harriet said nothing, but followed Manini through the large door without looking back, when Attra appeared from nowhere.
“There you are,” said Madhuri. “Did you listen?”
“Yes,” he said. “She’s a princess, then?”
“That’s what Esh calls her.”
“And that makes you, what?” he said looking up at me.
“Prince, of course,” I said and smiled.
“Princeling,” corrected Attra. “Don’t let it go to your head.”
“What were they like?” asked Madhuri then, and I knew she referred to the trolls.
“I will tell you,” I said. “But not now. I think Esh means for us to leave in the morning, and we need our rest.”
“By first light,” confirmed Attra, who apparently had received instructions.
“Yes,” said Mandar, “by first light. We will call on you with breakfast and provisions.”
“Will we see Esh before we leave?” asked Madhuri.
“No,” said Mandar, and Madhuri nodded.
At that Madhuri left us for her own room, and Harriet and I followed Manini and Mandar to ours.
When we arrived, we found that beds had been prepared. We also found how tired we were after the long journey, and the long tale, and I for one was asleep within minutes of putting my head on my pillow.

:

Our trek back was long and felt arduous, what with the journey there still in our legs, and what with our leaving magic behind. It was also quieter, as we were each filled with thoughts about our meeting the ancient one, and of his story. Harriet touched her cheek now and then, and her necklace. I also noticed that Attra kept closer to Harriet than to Madhuri and me, and I got the sense that he was protecting her. Harriet, if she noticed, certainly didn’t mind. She even touched his head fondly while we stopped for rest and water, and if cobras were to wag their tails when happy, Attra would have.
By the afternoon of the fourth day, we saw the city in the distance and decided to press on rather than rest another night in the wild. “Better exhausted in a real bed than another night among sticks and stones,” said Madhuri, and we agreed; well, Attra didn’t care one way or another, of course.
It was when we turned down Madhuri’s street that we saw them in the fading light. Twenty, maybe even thirty reporters, sitting in cars with doors open, leaning on hoods, smoking cigarettes, talking to each other and oh so damned obviously waiting for Harriet.
Before we realized what was happening and had a chance to retreat, we were seen. A large, fat ox of a man pointed to us over the roof of his car, “There, there!” he yelled, and to a man, they stopped whatever they were doing and caught sight of us. There was no getting away from them, and there was no one to protect us.
As much as Harriet hated reporters, and as much as she tried to avoid them, she also knew when hiding or running was out of the question, and although she was as exhausted as the rest of us, she then did what she had to do, and faced them openly. She led our approach down the street, followed by Attra.
“What do you want?” she asked in a voice loud enough for all to hear.
“Miss Brown,” yelled a small, yellow-faced weasel of a boy. “Miss Brown,” again.
“Miss Brown,” yelled another man, darker and sweating profusely in a buttoned-up three-piece suit.
“Miss Brown,” yelled a third. But no coherent questions as yet.
Finally, a question. “What are you doing in India, Miss Brown? And what are you doing in Madanapalle?”
Well, the truth, of course, was out of the question.
“I’m visiting friends.”
“What friends?”
“Why, Nachiketa for one, and his mother.”
“Madhuri is not his mother,” said the local newsman, who knew both me and Madhuri. “She’s his grandmother.”
“Yes,” said Harriet, “his grandmother.”
“What are you doing in India?” another reported shouted, oblivious apparently to the question just asked.
“I am here, visiting friends,” Harriet said again, louder this time.
“What friends?” shouted the same reporter.
“Nachiketa Krishnamurti and his grandmother,” said Harriet again.
“How do you know them?”
“Through his father,” said Harriet.
“You know Jiddu Krishnamurti?” said another man, in shirt sleeves and what looked like linen slacks.
“Yes, I met him in America.”
I must admit that I feared someone would make the connection, but I guess they were too taken with seeing her, and talking to her, to see straight.
“Where have you been?” asked someone else. “We’ve been here for three days.”
“Out walking,” said Harriet.
“Where?”
“In the mountains.”
“Why?”
“I wanted to see the countryside.”
“Is Jiddu here?” asked another.
“No,” said I, and one or two of the reporters even took their eyes off Harriet for a moment to look at me.
“How long are you planning to stay?”
“When are you going back?”
“Are you planning a comeback?
The questions began to rain, some clearer than others, and the throng was pressing closer, and suddenly we found ourselves hemmed in against Madhuri’s fence by the small, rude army.
Harriet, I saw, was clearly becoming uncomfortable as the reporters closest to her could now just about touch her.
“Please,” I said. “Back off.”
“Back off,” someone echoed, and laughed. “Back off. You are joking, sir? Yes?”
“No,” I said, but no one listened.
“Are you planning a comeback?” said a smooth, light-skinned reporter, who looked English, though not with an English accent.
“Please,” said Harriet. “I need to go now.”
“You’re not going anywhere,” said someone in the middle of the pack, which was pressing closer still.
Suddenly the reporter closest to us shrieked, and within a second, the one next to him as well, as they both saw Attra rise and flare his hood.
Two more reporters pointed and shrieked as they too noticed, and they began to back off, but didn’t get far: those behind them had not seen, and did not move.
“Cobra!” yelled one of them, “Cobra!”
“Where?” said someone in the middle of the pack, unable to see.
“Here, damn it. Back off.”
I didn’t notice where he came from, or how he had armed himself, but suddenly the big man who had first spotted us, this sweaty mountain of a man, arrived with a stick which was more like a pole, and before either Madhuri and I caught what was happening, he had hit Attra twice, and hard. Attra fell like a limp string, and still the man was hitting him, two, three, more blows. Then I came to my senses and lunged at him.
“Stop,” I screamed. “Stop that.”
The big man did stop, but looked at me as if I were crazy. “It’s a cobra,” he said.
“Do not hit him,” said.
“What is the matter with you?” he said. “It’s just a snake.”
Of all the reporters present, only our local newsman could have had any idea that Attra wasn’t “just a snake.” And I don’t think he knew for sure, either. Madhuri was considered a little crazy, I guess, and whether her talking to snakes was true or was not true was probably debated amongst the locals, especially the younger ones. Their parents, I guess, did know.
I stepped over to Attra who lay in obvious pain, broken in four or perhaps five places.
“Do not hit him again.”
“You, sir, are mad. It’s a cobra,” the man said again.
“I know that,” I said.
Attra writhed and the man raised his pole again, “Not dead yet,” he said and prepared to strike, which is when I managed to deliver a pretty good rugby tackle which toppled him back and onto the ground, swearing. He came up huffing and furious, glistering with sweat and agitation.
“You, sir, should not have done that,” reaching for his pole.
By now, however, Madhuri had gathered Attra in her arms and was carrying him inside her house, to the consternation of the reporters; and the big man, seeing this as well, lowered his pole and never followed through on his threat.
As Madhuri closed the door behind her, the reporters turned back to Harriet.
“Are you or are you not planning a comeback?” asked the insistent reporter who wasn’t quite English.
“Of course not,” said Harriet.
“What’s so ‘of course’ about it?” asked the same man.
“Sorry,” said Harriet, “I’d like to go now.”
“Why did you retire from the pictures?”
“I don’t want to answer any more questions. I’d like to go now,” said Harriet.
“We’ve waited three days and three nights, Miss Brown,” said an unshaven and not friendly man who was English by the sound of it, “and you owe us some answers.”
“I owe you nothing,” said Harriet, growing angry.
“Just answer the bloody question,” said the Englishman. “Why did you retire from the pictures?”
“I owe you nothing,” said Harriet and turned to go. The edge of the throng, however, moved to block her path, and we once again found ourselves effectively pinned to the fence, with no way out.
“I owe you nothing,” repeated Harriet, with an edge of hysteria in her voice. She was very tired, and angry, and no longer coping well.
“Leave her alone, for heaven’s sake,” said someone in the back who was obviously American. “Can’t you see you’re upsetting her?”
“And what’s that to you?” said someone else, not about to leave her alone.
I tried to find it within myself to lash out, like I had done at the airport in Madras, but I was empty, exhausted, and my feet hurt, I mean they really hurt. Still, I searched, and tried. “Please,” I said. “Please.” Not very convincingly.
Apparently a punch was thrown then, either by or at the American, and a reply punch soon followed. The pack erupted, and then, finally, more than fifteen minutes after our arrival, a policeman arrived, then another, and then a third.
Our path to the front door was suddenly open, and I grabbed Harriet by the arm and ushered her inside.
“Where is he?” she asked.
It took a breath or two for me to realize whom she was talking about.
“He’ll be in with Madhuri in her room,” I said.
Harriet led the way.
Madhuri had laid Attra on her bed, not noticing, or minding the blood that seeped onto her snow-white spread to form dark little roses.
Harriet knelt by the bed and looked at the wounded cobra. “How is he?” she said.
Madhuri had been crying; her eyes were still red and moist. “I don’t know,” she said. “I don’t know.”
Then Madhuri looked at me with her torn face. “Go get Mr. Prasad,” she said. “And hurry.”
I let myself out the back door, then leaped over the back fence and headed for Mr. Prasad’s clinic, three, perhaps four blocks away. He was not a veterinarian, but actually a doctor who occasionally treated animals. There were several good veterinarians in town but Madhuri trusted none of them, especially not with snakes, which none of them liked, and probably did not want to see either, as Madhuri later put it.
Mr. Prasad was in, and after some hectic convincing on my part, returned with me to the house, joined me in scaling the back fence, and followed me in through the back door, still carrying his black leather bag—a feat considering the fence.
“Oh dear,” is all he said when he saw Attra. “Oh dear.”
Madhuri said nothing, but stepped aside.
“Will you . . .” began Harriet, but Mr. Prasad was not listening, which Harriet must have noticed.
“Oh dear,” he said again, rolled up his sleeves, got down on his knees next to Harriet, whom he didn’t seem to notice, and began to touch Attra, gently, probing for breaks.
He spent well over an hour with Attra. Madhuri brought candles to light the room as evening deepened outside. I brought tea for Mr. Prasad, and still Harriet had not moved. She watched everything the doctor did, looking on with steady, concerned eyes, as he applied splints in several places, and even injected him with what I guessed was morphine or something like it to ease the pain.
When he was done, he stood up and finally seemed to notice Harriet.
“Will he make it?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” he said, put away his things, picked up his leather bag, and left the room. I heard him talking softly to Madhuri in the kitchen, too softly for me to make out. Then I heard him leave, through the front door this time.
I don’t know how she made it, for she must have been as tired as Madhuri and I, but Harriet kept vigil by Attra’s side all through the night, offering him water from a little bowl, and stroking his scaly head for comfort.
I found her like that in the morning, red-eyed, barely awake, trying to comfort him.
“You need some sleep now,” I said. “I’ll take over.”
“He came to my rescue,” she said.


::Athansor::

Madhuri and I brought Attra into Mr. Prasad’s little hospital later that morning so that he could examine him closer. Harriet was finally sleeping.
We were able to use the front door this time, for by now police were standing guard. Word must have gotten to the town officials that their very important visitor had returned from her country outing and it would not do to have her pestered by reporters, now would it? It would not be a good reflection on the town that they could not control a few reporters; it could, in fact, make Madanapalle a laughingstock in these parts. Which most definitely must not happen.
Hence the two large, very dark men, with the power to arrest, apparently. A few reporters did remain, but they kept their distance. Two more policemen were sitting in a very old car, parked a little ways down the street from Madhuri’s gate, but in plain view, like a rusty threat. I silently thanked the mayor, or the chief of police, or whomever in city hall was responsible.
Attra was broken in three places and crushed in one, is how Mr. Prasad put it after his examination. By broken, he meant mangled ribs and vertebrae—perhaps as many as twenty were broken. By crushed he meant virtually severed. The bottom third of Attra’s body would be useless to him. There was too much nerve and muscle damage. Perhaps the muscle would eventually mend, but the nerves would not.
However—he said, somewhat surprised—none of the internal organs seemed to have suffered permanent damage. The heart, lungs, liver, and kidneys all seemed in place, and in working order.
Still, that silver lining notwithstanding, his professional recommendation was to put Attra to sleep.
“That is out of the question,” said Harriet, when I told her on our return.
“I know,” I said. “Though he will not be able to hunt,” I thought aloud more than anything else. “He’ll have to be cared for.”
“I’ll take care of him,” said Harriet.
That was one of those comments you hear and yet don’t hear. I heard her fine, but I didn’t hear the depth with which she meant it.
“I was thinking of when we return,” I said. “He’s going to be quite a burden to Madhuri.”
“I was thinking of when we return, too,” said Harriet, and when I looked over at her I saw that she was dead serious about it.

:

We sat around the Acre that evening, Madhuri, Harriet and I. Attra was sleeping in Madhuri’s bed, still in a lot of pain, according to Mr. Prasad.
Attra had yet to speak after the incident.
“But you don’t speak snake talk,” said Madhuri, ever practical.
“I can learn,” said Harriet. “I will learn.”
“You will bring him to New York?” said Madhuri.
“Yes.”
“It is cold there in the winters?”
“Not inside. Besides,” she added. “Pearly Soames had cobras.”
Madhuri didn’t understand, and for a moment, neither did I.
“The thief. Christmas morning,” Harriet said.
“Yes,” I said. “Of course.” I turned to Madhuri. “Where we first met Athansor.”
She nodded.
“He did his for me,” Harriet said. “He almost gave his life for me.”
We both understood.
Then, as if reciting a faraway memory, Madhuri said, “In empty, indolent leisure no peace is found. Only in truthful work is peace attained.”
I looked up at Madhuri to see if she was addressing anyone in particular with that, or whether she was simply telling herself. It didn’t make sense to me. She was looking straight at Harriet and smiling.
“What made you say that?” said Harriet.
“Despite everything, you look more peaceful now than when you arrived,” said Madhuri. “Perhaps you have found a purpose?”
Harriet didn’t answer her question. Instead, she said, “Did you say that? I mean, did you think that up?” Harriet was still searching for right word. “Did you . . . ,” she began again.
“Oh, no,” said Madhuri and laughed. “That is a poem by Tagore, the Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore. A man many times wiser than this old woman.”
“Tagore,” said Harriet. “I have heard of him.”
“Sometimes,” said Madhuri, “it seems as if the wisdom of many, many generations suddenly collects itself and gathers in one man, or woman. Tagore was such a man.”
“How did you say it?” asked Harriet.
“In empty, indolent leisure no peace is found. Only in truthful work is peace attained,” said Madhuri.
“What does indolent mean?” Harriet asked me.
“Idle,” I said. “Disliking work.”
“Indolent,” said Harriet, tasting the word. “In indolent leisure no peace is found.”
“In empty, indolent leisure no peace is found,” said Madhuri.
“In empty, indolent leisure,” said Harriet as if she had suddenly found a way to describe her current life. “No peace is found.”
“Only in truthful work is peace attained,” said Madhuri.
“Only in truthful work,” said Harriet.

:

I have never received a satisfactory explanation from the police, or from the mayor’s office, as to what happened. Madhuri tried several times, too, on my behalf, to find out, but she came up as empty-handed as I had.
Whether by a mix-up of schedules or a miscommunication, I don’t know—no one would take responsibility for it—but the following morning saw no police guard outside Madhuri’s house. Those few reporters that kept vigil still must have alerted their colleagues. Or perhaps they did not, theirs being a competitive livelihood, but word nonetheless got out, and by ten o’clock there were probably twenty-five reporters gathered outside again, all apparently with fresh instructions from their editors, the bravest or nosiest of them now knocking insistently on the door.
“We know she’s in there. We just want to have a word.”
“There’s a mob of them out there,” said Madhuri from behind the curtain, looking out into her front yard.
I was connecting the telephone so that I could call the police and ask for assistance. “What is their number?” I asked.
Madhuri didn’t understand.
“The police?”
“I don’t know. I have never called them. Dial the zero and ask the operator.”
Harriet stood by the door to Madhuri’s room, where Attra was sleeping. She looked very concerned. “Perhaps I should see them.”
“I’m not so sure that’s a good idea,” I said. “There are too many of them out there. They’ll never let you go.”
“There are more people coming,” said Madhuri, looking out the window. “Gawkers,” she added.
“Miss Brown,” said the reporter just outside the door, still knocking, or perhaps kicking the door. “Just a word, Miss Brown. We just want a word.”
“Operator?” I asked when a young woman came on the line.
“Yes.”
“Could you please connect me to the police.”
“Certainly.” And the line when dead. Not even a dial tone. I tried again.
“Operator,” she said. The same girl.
“I got disconnected,” I said. “You were connecting me to the police.”
“Did you not reach them?” she asked.
“I got disconnected,” I said again.
“Sorry, sir. Here you go.” And the line went dead again. Completely.
Do they do this out of spite, I wondered, or out of ignorance?
I got her on the line again. “Please,” I said, “Miss, this is urgent. I need to speak to the police. What is their number, please.”
“I will connect you,” she said.
“No,” I said, “just give me their number, please.” But by that time the line had gone dead again. I looked at the receiver in disbelief.
“What is wrong with these telephone people?” I almost shouted in frustration.
“I don’t use it,” said Madhuri.
I called back and asked for the number of the police. It was another woman this time, and she actually answered my question and gave it to me. “Do you want me to connect you?” she asked.
“No,” I said. “I’ll call them myself.”
“Please yourself,” she said curtly.
“Miss Brown!” said the reporter by the door. “Miss Brown!” said another voice, too, louder. “Miss Brown. We know that you are here, and we wish to ask you just a few questions please, Miss Brown.”
I dialed the number the operator had given me and to my surprise it rang and was answered. It was, however, a young female voice that answered, which to my frame of mind did not bode well. “Police station, good morning.”
“We have an emergency,” I began.
“Just a moment,” said the young girl, and the line went dead.
The bang on the door was no longer a knock, it was a shoulder, a heavy one, trying to force it open.
“Oh, dear,” said Madhuri. Then to Harriet, “Stay with Attra, and close the door.”
The shoulder thudded against the door again, and this time it flew open, tearing with it part of the door jamb as the bolt splintered the wood from the force.
Suddenly the big man who had nearly killed Attra stood in the kitchen, with two or three reporters following.
“Get out,” yelled Madhuri. “Leave my house.”
Three more reporters came in, and the kitchen was suddenly crowded.
“Leave, or I will call the police.”
“Go ahead,” said the large man, confidently, and that was the answer that has disturbed me ever since. “Where is Miss Brown?” he said.
“She’s not here,” I said.
“Others say she is,” the reporter answered.
“Others are wrong,” I said.
“We’d like to make sure. See for ourselves,” he said.
“Get out, now,” said Madhuri. “Please.”
No one was listening to her, and there was little I could do to stop them. I realized I still held the receiver in my hand, so I replaced it.
They found her. “Look,” said one of them. “She’s with the snake. That snake you killed, you said.”
“Was as good as dead,” replied the big man.
“Miss Brown,” said the first voice. “So there you are.”
I worked my way through the reporters and into Madhuri’s room. “This is an outrage,” I said, not two inches from the face of the large man, who up close was not as tall as he appeared from a distance. Just large.
“It’s our job. Get out of the way.”
“No,” I said.
“Get out of the way, or I’ll make you.”
“No,” I said.
Questions had now begun to rain from the pack of reporters crowding the doorway and the hall outside Madhuri’s bedroom. Harriet looked afraid, but by her constant glances in his direction, I could tell she was more afraid for Attra than for herself.
Attra was awake now, understood what was going on, and tried to move. He could not. He wanted to help, but could not, that was plain.
I stood my ground with the large man. “I warn you,” he said, “for the last time. Get out of my way.” Spacing the words ominously.
I was about to say no again, when we both noticed the sudden stillness spreading from the kitchen to where we stood. The questions had ceased; many silent movements took place, as if people were getting out of the way.
Then I heard the sound of hooves on tile.
Athansor looked larger, perhaps because he was inside the small house. He pretty much filled the hallway. The large reporter faded back toward the end of the hallway, looking for something, cover. Afraid. There was something about Athansor that inspired fear. He looked displeased.
I knew why he was there, of course. He knew Harriet was in trouble. And so did Attra, head raised now, smelling with his tongue, perhaps sensing his attacker nearby, and again preparing to strike, broken or not.
“Come,” said Athansor from just outside Madhuri’s bedroom door, to me, to Harriet, to Attra. Then he retreated for the kitchen, for a little more room.
Harriet lifted Attra off the bed, gently, motherly, then followed me as I followed Athansor. Once in the kitchen, he kneeled again. Harriet handed Attra to me and climbed up on Athansor’s back. I handed Attra back to her, and then got up behind them.
Athansor rose. We crouched forward to clear the ceiling.
Many stunned faces still could not reconcile senses and logic, open mouths, wide eyes, keeping distances. Some even must have fled, for there appeared to be fewer reporters in the house now.
Madhuri and I looked at each other for a long time. Then she said, “Take care of them, Nachiketa.”
“I will,” I said.
“Goodbye,” she said to Harriet.
Harriet turned towards her—with difficulty, for she was also cradling Attra, as gently as she could. “Goodbye, and thank you,” she said.
“And to you, Attra,” said Madhuri. “Get well.”
And then Attra spoke for the first time since the attack. I could see that it hurt him to talk. “Madhuri,” he said. “Live well.”
Then Athansor moved.
There was no hard riding this time, no flying over fields and lakes, or lunging through foggy time, only the slow walk across the large kitchen floor and through the door to the salon beyond, four steps, perhaps five, across the salon floor and through another door which led out of Harriet’s bedroom in her 52nd Street apartment and into her sitting room—at a little after 2 in the morning, by her clock and the pitch darkness outside.
Athansor kneeled to let us off and said, “I don’t like doing this, it usually creates more trouble than it’s worth.”
I didn’t know exactly what he was talking about at the time, but I found out soon enough. Two days later most, if not all, of the papers reported that “Harriet Brown had vanished.”
Apparently, so the news stories went, she had been in India on a visit to Jiddu Krishnamurti’s mother, when suddenly she disappeared, in plain view of some local reporters.
Some local reporters, I thought. A houseful of alarmed ones.
Despite a quick and thorough investigation by the local police, no trace of her could be discovered.
There was no mention of white horses, however. I wondered how he pulled that off.
But there was no way Athansor could hide the fact that he had “vanished” her—and me, who incidentally got zero mention in these articles, well, luckily, actually.
No mention of a broken cobra, either.
For three days the press, who flew reporters to Madanapalle to “be on the scene,” was reminiscing about Harriet Brown’s career and her voluntary retirement from the glamor that she had helped create.
A crime was now assumed, and kidnapping was the one bandied about the most.
Harriet, meanwhile—the focus of all this journalistic attention—seemed oblivious to the whole thing. She was busy making Attra comfortable.
She had made him a bed out of comforters and blankets, which she placed on the sitting room floor. She brought him water, though no food yet. Attra could now drink, but not yet eat. He was too bruised to swallow anything other than water, and just wouldn’t hear about milk or juice.
On the third day back, we heard a key in the front door, and before we had much time to react, Claire stepped in, followed by two men—one considerably taller than the other—in brown suits and brown overcoats, an FBI uniform of sorts.
It’s hard to tell who was more stunned. Us or them. Or Claire.
I don’t know how the FBI got involved, but they had discovered that Claire was Harriet’s housekeeper and had assumed she would have a key to the apartment. They were looking for clues to Harriet’s disappearance, and further assumed that her apartment might hold some. After all, Harriet was now an American citizen.
I think Claire actually dropped the keys on the floor, or was it her handbag? I’m not sure which, but I could tell that Harriet was probably the last thing she had expected to find on the sitting room floor.
“Claire,” said Harriet. “I’m glad you’ve come. I need some bandages and a good veterinarian.”
“What . . .” began Claire.
“And some cigarettes,” said Harriet. “I’m dying for a cigarette.”
“What . . .” said Claire again, not understanding even vaguely. She looked around the room, recognized me—or not, hard to tell—and looked back at Harriet. Saw Attra, but I don’t think that registered. Then some professional section of her kicked in as she noticed where Harriet had dropped a pillow case on the floor, and she stooped to pick it up. She smoothed it with her hands and smelled it to make sure it was clean. Then she tucked it under her arm while her eyes were still trying to understand what they were seeing.
She looked at Attra again, and this time he registered.
“That . . .” she said.
“Yes, I know. It’s a snake.”
“It is a cobra.”
“I know.”
“What is it doing here? You hate snakes.”
“I know.”
“Miss Brown,” said the taller of the two agents.
Harriet looked from Claire to him.
“Yes.”
“You are not in India, then?”
As superfluous a comment as I’ve ever heard.
“No.”
And now I began to see what Athansor had meant by trouble. From what the man told us, the FBI, along with the press, had established that Harriet had flown to London, and from there, had flown with me to Madras. Had been met by reporters there, and had in fact gone on to Madanapalle. Denying having been in India was not an option. So, how did we get from there to here—without a trace—was the as yet unspoken question. And the answer, of course, could have nothing to do with a white horse.
Harriet looked at me, quite obviously passing the buck. She turned her attention back to Attra; for all intents and purposes, Claire and the two men might as well have ceased to exist, except that she did remind Claire that she “needed those things, now.”
It is amazing how clear your wits can get when you really need them.
The shorter of the two men, mostly silent up till now, finally voiced the unspoken question: “How did you two get back to New York?” Then he looked at Attra, and added, “With a snake?”
There was no explanation within reach, within eyeshot, within this sector of the known universe, and I said nothing for quite some time. Then I came up with something that sounded, to me, really lame.
“She has friends,” I said, sort of mysteriously.
Harriet looked up at that, first at me, then at the two men, as if her glance was confirming my statement and would brook no further questions.
“Would you ca re to elaborate on that a little?” said the shorter of the two.
“No,” said Harriet. And that, for the moment, was that. She was, after all, Harriet Brown.
“Well,” said the larger man, “we’re glad to see that you’re well and sound, Ms. Brown. By the way, do you have a permit for that snake?”
“I was just about to get one,” said Harriet, who managed to make it sound as if she would in fact have had one by now, were they not keeping her.
“Well, yes, okay then.”
Harriet had this amazing ability to exude the arctic, and she turned it on now, in spades. The two agents were not slow on the uptake, and apologized for the intrusion and prepared to leave. Claire, returning from putting the pillowcase back in the linen closet, saw the two men out, then returned ten minutes later with bandages and cigarettes.
“Do I need a permit?” Harriet asked me.
“I don’t know,” I said.
The veterinarian confirmed that yes, indeed, you do need a permit for poisonous snakes, and, by the way, how on earth did you manage to get it into the country?
“Friends,” said Harriet, who seemed to like that explanation.
“I will help you with the paperwork,” he said.
This man, as expensive and excellent a man as you could lay your hands on when it came to New York cats and dogs, had little to no experience with snakes, however, and referred us to a Mrs. Renshaw, at New York Animal Clinic on 33rd Street, whom Harriet had Claire call and ask to come to the apartment.
“She doesn’t make house calls,” Claire informed us after she’d hung up. “You’ll have to go there.”
“Ridiculous,” said Harriet. “Call them back.”
Claire did, and handed Harriet the phone.
The conversation was quite brief, and when Harriet hung up she said, a little taken aback, but not displeased, and with a smile: “She said, and I quote, ‘I do not care in the least who or what you are, if the animal can be moved at all, you move him here. And if it is not a sick horse, it can be moved.’ Period. End of quote.”
If Mrs. Renshaw, a corpulent woman in her mid-fifties with a grim but freckled face—her expression and her freckles belied each other constantly, in my mind—had heard about Harriet Brown at all, she did not let on. Harriet was just another unduly worried pet owner, as far as she was concerned, and let’s have a look at this thing.
“A cobra?”
“I didn’t get a chance to tell you.”
“Glands removed?”
“What glands?”
“Is he still poisonous?”
“Yes,” I offered.
Mrs. Renshaw turned to face me. I could not get over the freckles. “You sure?”
“Yes.”
“Unless you want to give him to a zoo, you’re going to have to have them removed.”
“Out of the question,” said Harriet.
“It’s illegal,” said Mrs. Renshaw.
“I’m not removing any glands,” said Harriet, and started to turn on the cold again.
Mrs. Renshaw, impervious to frost apparently, rolled right on, “You either let me remove them or I won’t touch him.”
“Fine,” said Harriet. “Nachiketa, we’re leaving.” Then Harriet faced the freckled woman and asked, “Know any good snake veterinarians?”
“I’m the only one,” she answered.
“In New York City? You’ve got to be kidding.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Well, I’ll go to Los Angeles if I have to,” said Harriet, not backing down a bit.
“Oh, for crying out loud,” said Mrs. Renshaw, with a smile that looked like a frown, or the other way around. “It’s on your head. It is illegal.” Then she turned to Attra to examine him closer.”
“Fine,” said Harriet.
“Who did this?” Mrs. Renshaw asked after a while, meaning the bandages and splints.
“Why? Is something wrong?” I asked.
“Looks like they were done by a pediatrician, not a vet,” she said.
“Well, actually,” I started.
“He was not a veterinarian?” asked Harriet.
“No,” I said. “Madhuri didn’t trust them. She would only let Mr. Prasad look at him.”
“Well, then,” said Harriet. “I trust Madhuri’s judgment.”
“Not that it’s a bad job,” said Mrs. Renshaw. “Just, well, not perfect.”
“What can you do for him?” asked Harriet. “The doctor said that he would not be able to use the lower third of his body.”
“I can’t say for sure without an x-ray,” the veterinarian answered, “but I’m afraid it looks like he knew what he was talking about.”
Harriet didn’t answer, and neither did I.
The woman then had Attra x-rayed and did some other tests, before she came back with a final verdict.
“Your doctor did well,” she began, but in a tone that did not spell good news. “He will probably mend,” then she paused before adding, “in places.”
“Meaning?” said Harriet.
“The doctor was right. Your snake will not be able use his lower third. He will have trouble moving about.”
“At all?” I asked.
“Oh, I’m sure he can propel himself,” she said. “But not at all well.”
“An invalid,” said Harriet with uncanny precision.
Mrs. Renshaw looked at her without speaking for a while. Then said, “Yes, an invalid. He’ll need care. If, that is, he does mend.”
“Is there a question about that?” asked Harriet.
“With multiple fractures like this, there is always a question. There is always the question whether the snake wants to mend.”
“What are you talking about?” said Harriet.
“We sometimes get pet snakes, not cobras mind you, that have been run over by a car, virtually crushed, but they recover. We get others, a simple fracture, that do not. As if they know what’s in store for them, and cannot face life as an invalid.”
Harriet looked at me, then at Attra. Nothing was said.
Harriet then nodded in Mrs. Renshaw’s direction. “I’ll look after him.”
“You know how to care for cobras?”
“No,” said Harriet. “I hope you will show me.”
“I will do that,” said Mrs. Renshaw, “if you’re serious about this.”
“I’ve never been more serious about anything in my life,” said Harriet, and she clearly meant it.
“Well, then,” confirmed the vet.

:

She reset the splints, bandaged Attra up again, and wrote out a list of things for Harriet to get, which included a small children’s sand box, to serve as Attra’s facilities, as Mrs. Renshaw put it.
In the end, Mrs. Renshaw did make house calls after all, but only after hours, once the animal clinic was closed. She didn’t mind putting herself out for Harriet’s sake, but she was not going to take any time away from her other charges.
Over the next few days, Harriet probably learned more about snake care than she’d bargained for. Mrs. Renshaw was nothing if not thorough. Harriet, though, was pleased and quite appreciative.
In the end, I think curiosity got the better of Harriet, though. She had to ask, for Mrs. Renshaw gave no indication of having a clue. “Don’t you know who I am?” she said.
And Mrs. Renshaw, with no change of expression, tending to Attra’s bandages before leaving for the night, answered, “Of course.”
This apparently didn’t quite convince Harriet.
“I’m Harriet Brown,” she said.
Mrs. Renshaw turned to her then, but only after finishing the bandage properly.
“Miss Brown,” she said. “The whole world knows who you are. But to me you’re only a concerned owner of a very sick cobra.”
“Thank you,” was all Harriet managed to reply. I think Mrs. Renshaw was very touched by that. I know I was.
What I haven’t mentioned yet is that there was a heat wave in New York that October, but since Harriet could not stand air conditioning, we suffered. Well, she suffered, it was tolerable to me, and outright comfortable for Attra.
Each night I prayed for some relief, for I am used to seeing the temperature drop with the fading light, but not so in this city. It stayed just as hot, just as humid all through the night, only for the sun to ratchet it up another notch come the next morning. Needless to say, I understood completely why Harriet preferred Switzerland or the Mediterranean to this. No one, surely, enjoyed this weather, except Attra, who—like something that needs baking to mend—seemed to be mending just fine except for the lower third of his body, which still hung useless and limp. He could not control any muscles below that final break, which indeed had severed the spine and most nerves.
It would not atrophy, though—his tail, as Harriet had started to call it—so we were told, but it would not be much more useful to him than just that: a tail.
A tail with a tail, Harriet said once to try to cheer him up. I translated and Attra actually saw the humor in it.

:

On the 18th of October, according to Lana’s call log, a little over a week after our return to Harriet’s apartment, I called my office in London to see if I still had a job. At this point I had been gone over three weeks without a word. Lana answered.
“Good God,” she said. “There you are. Is she all right?”
“Madhuri’s fine,” I said.
“We’re all worried,” she said. “Why didn’t you call?”
“It’s a long story.”
“Had better be good,” she said.
“It is,” I said.
“Are you still in India?”
“No, I’m calling from New York.”
“Ah, well, that follows.”
“As I said, it’s a long story.”
“I believe you need to get back here and tell it in person.”
“So I still have a job?”
“If your story is good enough, I suppose.”
“Hawkes?”
“Worried.”
“Rand?”
“Upset.”
“Badly?”
“You’ve missed a couple of deadlines.”
“I know.”
“But, lucky for you, your clients like you, and want to see it through with you. Unless you’re dead.”
“I’m not dead.”
“So, when are you coming back?”
That was the question, wasn’t it? I looked back at Harriet and Attra in the sitting room. Harriet was feeding him finely chopped, raw steak. It would be a while yet before he would be able to swallow anything larger, and another while still before he could swallow anything live, like a mouse or a rat.
“You still there?”
“Yes,” I said, “I’m here.”
“When are you coming, then?”
I decided: “I’ll be there within the week.”
“I’ll tell them, by Monday.”
That was five days away, and I said fine.
“Don’t worry,” she said. “Take care of whatever emergency you have, and I’ll take care of them.”
“You’re an angel,” I said.
“I know,” she answered, and hung up.


::Snake Talk::

I told Harriet I would have to return to work. She looked up from feeding Attra.
“When?”
“I have to be at work by next Monday, or I’ll probably lose my job.”
“You can stay here,” said Harriet.
“No,” I said. “I have to go back. I really like my job, but more than that, I’ve promised my clients . . . ,” I stopped when I saw her expression. “Besides,” I added cheerfully, “It’s too hot here.”
Her face didn’t change its a little lost expression.
“What about,” she said and looked back at Attra, “him?”
“You are doing fine with him. I think he’s getting better and better.”
“I can’t talk to him.”
When I didn’t answer right away, she added, “I don’t know snake talk.”
I’m not sure how the strange solution to that problem presented itself to me so unbidden. But it did: “What you need,” I said, and my mind was still wondering how on Earth as I spoke, “is a monkey.”
“A monkey? Like Manini?” said Harriet, surprised but not incredulous.
“Exactly like Manini,” I said.
It took the three usual calls to reach Madhuri.
“Nachiketa,” she said. “You are fine?” Her voice was thick with concern. “And Attra?”
I admit I felt very remiss when I realized that I had not called her before now. In fact, I blushed from acute embarrassment.
“Yes, Madhuri,” I said. “We are fine. And Attra is doing well. Harriet is feeding him to distraction. He will become a rare thing,” I added. “A fat snake. If she doesn’t let up soon.”
“And Harriet?”
“She’s fine, too.”
There was a brief silence which told Madhuri more than I wished.
“But that is not why you called,” she stated a fact.
I blushed again, but answered, truthfully, “No.”
She waited.
“Harriet needs to learn snake talk.”
“Yes, I have thought about that,” she answered.
“And I was wondering,” I said.
“I will come,” she said.
“You knew?”
“I know you must go back to London, to your job,” she answered. “Besides, I wouldn’t mind seeing Attra,” she added. “I miss him.”
And then I realized I had mis-heard her. “Oh,” I said. “No. Well, what I meant was,” and halted.
“What you meant was what, Nachiketa?”
“I didn’t mean for you to come. I know how you hate travel. I was thinking about Esh, and about Manini,” I said.
The line went quiet for quite some time, that is, apart from the hundreds or so shadowy conversations that always hum in the background whenever you call India. “That is a good idea,” she said finally. “I will try to bring her.”
“Knowing Esh,” I said, “I have the feeling she might be bringing you.”
“I will go and see him,” she said.
“Can you find him?”
“There are other snakes here,” she replied.
“Yes,” I said. “That is true.”

:

My flight was booked for Saturday the 21st. That would give me a day in London to rest and get ready. Harriet was sad to see me leave, and said so. Attra slept most of the time and pretended not to care.
It was Friday, and around four in the morning, when they arrived. Harriet and I were both asleep in the sitting room, where we had been talking to each other and Attra. We had the windows thrown open, and, thank God, the weather had begun to cool.
I heard a noise, like voices, and stirred in my dream the better to hear. By the time I looked up and saw clearly, Athansor was gone. Only Madhuri and Manini were left, and they stepped out of Harriet’s bedroom.
“Madhuri,” I cried. A little explosion of sound, or at least so it felt to me. Loud enough to wake Harriet though. Attra stirred, but did not wake.
“Nachiketa,” she said, and smiled. “You look tired.”
“I was sleeping.”
“Nachiketa,” said Manini and bowed almost to the floor.
Harriet pieced things together quickly, and seemed to take things in very good stride. As if talking monkeys stepping out of your bedroom was pretty commonplace.
“Manini,” she said to the monkey.
Manini bowed again, “Miss Brown.”
“Welcome, Madhuri,” said Harriet to my grandmother.
“So sorry to wake you,” said Madhuri. Then she looked around the room, and out the window at the darkness, studded here and there by lit windows, many from high floors, shining like nearby stars. “So this is New York,” she said.
“And hello, Attra, I am so very glad to see you,” said Attra—who had finally awakened from the commotion—with a refreshing helping of sarcasm which spoke of recovery.
“I’m sorry,” said Madhuri, “So sorry, old snake. I am glad to see you.”
“I know,” he said.
“How do you feel?” she asked.
“Broken in two,” he said.
“Well, you were. Near enough.”
He didn’t reply to that. “How did you get here?” he asked instead.
“Same way you did,” she answered.
“Esh.”
“Yes. I think so.”
“And who did you bring?”
“Manini,” said Manini.
“Hello,” said Attra.
“I have come to teach the princess our tongue,” said Manini.
Attra nodded that this all made perfect sense, and that he was looking forward to helping.
I was still up when Claire came for the day. Tired, yes, but awake.
Now, Claire had had a big mountain to climb coming to terms with having a snake in the apartment, and a cobra at that. “They are poisonous,” she shared with Harriet in confidence. “I know,” Harriet replied. “So what is it doing here,” she wanted to know, and none too politely. “Recuperating,” said Harriet with that arctic voice of hers that signals ends of discussions.
For all, that is, except Claire, who still had a sentence or two to deliver about her fundamental disagreement.
In the end, though, she was reassured by both me and Harriet that Attra would never bite, and that he was a friendly snake, no threat. As reassured, I guess, as a Brooklyn housekeeper will ever be that a cobra can be anything but a threat to society.
When Claire arrived that Friday morning, it was as if we had put all her mountains back again. And added a few. Madhuri startled her to nearly screaming. Manini completed the job.
“What, what, what . . . ?” was all she initially got out. Then, she simply shook her head and disappeared into the kitchen.
Harriet followed her, and didn’t return for quite a while, and I would not be surprised if Claire got a hefty raise that morning.
Harriet, on her return from pacifying Claire, requested, respectfully, that Manini not talk or appear to be anything but a monkey in Claire’s presence. That would simply push her over the edge, she said.
And that was the situation I had to leave on Saturday morning. I had no luggage, which surprised the cab driver. He fished for some sort of explanation on the way to the airport, but I was too tired to socialize, and he finally got the point that I didn’t want to talk at all, much less tell him.
I slept on the plane home, and arrived back at my flat around ten Sunday morning. It was now the 22nd of October, 1961.

:

Harriet was a quick study. I guess Attra helped, as well as Madhuri, but from Harriet’s letters, and from Madhuri’s phone calls, it was mainly Manini’s doing. And about three weeks after my return to London, Madhuri told me on the phone that they were going back to India. Harriet could manage now.
“But how is that possible?” I asked. “It hasn’t even been a month.”
“How is snake talking possible?” said Madhuri.
“Manini?” I asked.
“Yes,” said Madhuri. “She is a wonderful teacher, though she never says much. Of course, she doesn’t have to.”
Two days later Madhuri called me from India. She was back home, she said. Safe and sound. Manini had asked that Esh fetch them, and he came.
Athansor came.
And brought them home.


::Departure and Visit::

I got the call the following Friday, a little over a week later. It was the 24th of November, a day clearly marked with purple crayon on my wall calendar. And right next to the date: “Arnby Presentation,” in the same purple crayon.
Mr. Arnby was one of my main clients, a textile magnate from Manchester wanting a Frank Lloyd Wrightish cottage springing up from the ground in Essex by his very own stretch of river. I had finished it, all details worked out and organically supporting each other. I was pleased with it, especially with its not so very Frank Lloyd Wrightishness. I was about to leave for the office, and the presentation, when the phone rang.
It was Harriet, too distraught to speak coherently.
“Harriet?” I said.
The handset changed hands at the other end and Mrs. Renshaw came on the line.
“There’s nothing we can do,” she said, and I then knew that Attra was dying.
“What happened?” I asked.
“I am not sure,” she said. “I think it is his liver, or kidneys.”
“How long?” I asked.
“Hours, maybe a day,” she said. 
“Can I speak to Harriet, please?”
“Just a moment,” she said. She spoke with Harriet, I could not make out the words, then my mother came on the line.
“Nachiketa,” she said.
“What happened?” I asked again.
“This morning,” she said, “he fell off the radiator.”
“Radiator?” I asked.
“He had taken to sleeping on the sitting room radiator, he loved the heat. He fell off and didn’t move.”
When I didn’t answer, she continued. “I called Ann.”
“Ann?” I didn’t understand.
“Mrs. Renshaw,” she explained. “She came right away, and we brought him down here.”
“Has he said anything?” I asked.
“Yes,” she answered. “Not to worry.”
“That’s what he said?”
“Yes, not to worry. And that he was sorry.”
“For what?”
“He didn’t say.”
I was too stunned to notice my reflection in the hallway mirror, but it must have been a face drained of all blood, not noticing me.
“Shall I come?” I asked.
“There’s no time,” she said.
I was about to argue that point when I asked myself, instinctively, what would Madhuri do. And Madhuri answered: life goes on. Matter-of-fact wisdom, and a smile.
“Does Madhuri know?” I asked.
“No.”
Still, my impulse was to rush to the airport, find a plane and get to him. And still she smiled back at me, at my anxiety, and said to go on, do your presentation, that’s what Attra would expect.
And as if to give me a hand, Attra chose that moment to leave. Mrs. Renshaw came back on the line. “He’s gone,” she said.
The man in the hallway mirror sat down on the floor, and out of the mirror’s range. “Gone?” he said.
“Yes,” she answered, and her voice conveyed sincere regret.
“Harriet?” I said.
“Just a moment,” said Mrs. Renshaw.
“He’s gone, Nachiketa,” said Harriet.
“You want me to come?” I asked again, different reason this time.
“No,” she said. “I want to be alone. I think I will go home now.”
She didn’t say anything else, simply hung up.
The man in the hallway mirror rose into view again, and replaced the handset, seemingly unaware as yet of the pain seizing the man who had known Attra all his life.

:

I had difficulty doing the presentation—better than half of my mind was in New York, with Harriet and Attra—but apparently that wasn’t noticed, and the client went away happy, ready to proceed. Hawkes, who sat in, was very pleased too, but noticed my concern.
“Chin up,” he said, and gave me a fatherly hug. “It went rather well, I think.”
“It’s not that,” I said. “It’s my grandmother.” Under the circumstances that was an ethical lie, I felt, and indeed partially true.
“Some bad news?” he said.
“Yes,” not prepared to discuss it. Hawkes saw that and tactfully left me alone. “Anything we can do,” he said at the door and left it at that.
“Thanks.”

:

Attra came to me that evening. “You’re hard to find,” he said, in a voice that was icicles shattering in the sun.
“Attra?” I asked, although knowing it could be no other, but not knowing exactly what I had heard, if indeed anything.
“Why, yes,” he said. Clear as day: here, wholly present.
“How,” I began, as I looked around to find him, but there was no him to find. No scales or fangs or proud hood or tongue smelling the air.
“It’s me,” he said again. “Me.”
And then I had the curious feeling of leaving; no, not London, or my flat, or my body, or maybe leaving is a bad word. Dissolving is probably more like it. As if all things around me, body included, were dissolving as I entered still and bright air. A little chilly.
“Me,” he said again, and though I could not see him—for there was nothing to be seen—I then saw him more clearly than I had ever seen him.
“Attra,” I said again. “Where are we?”
“In-between,” he said.
“Lives?”
“Yes.”
Suddenly I was quite concerned about what I had just left sitting in a chair in London, and this must have been quite apparent. “Don’t worry,” he said. “It’ll take care of itself. You’re not done yet.”
“I feel like I have to breathe, like I have to make it breathe,” I said.
“You must ignore that. It is part of the harness. It’ll breathe fine on its own, you’ll see.”
This was indeed easier said than done. I felt like the in and out of air and lungs was such an integral part of me that I could not possibly exist without it. Yet, I did exist in this chilly somewhere, this somewhere in-between. Attra noticed my struggle.
“Just be,” he said. “Here. Be nowhere else. Hear me. Hold on to my voice.”
I did. Though voice is also a misnomer. I held onto him, being his words to me. And holding on, being what he said and being what I replied, suddenly the feeling of lungs was gone. Released.
 “Attra,” I said again, for what else could I say?
“Nachiketa,” he answered.
“You died.” It was not a question, nor quite a statement.
“Apparently.”
“But not.”
“Apparently not.”
“What happened?” I asked.
“I died many days ago, in Madanapalle,” he said.
”But,” I managed.
“You try getting hit to bits with a pole, without dying,” he said.
“But you were alive.”
“Not really.”
“But I saw, and the doctors. They said your vital organs had not been damaged.”
“I think that was conjecture, since I was still breathing.”
“How?” I asked, but that wasn’t it. “Why?” I asked instead, that’s what I wanted to know. “Why did you do that?”
“For the Princess,” he answered. “To give her something to care for.”
“Harriet?”
“Yes.”
“You stayed alive for her?”
“I left, or tried to leave, after the attack, when Madhuri carried me back into the house. But Esh came to me and asked me to stay. When I asked why, he showed me Harriet and her grief, and her wish to restore me. ‘Let her act on this,’ he said to me. ‘Let her care for someone but herself, if only for a little while. It will do her much good,’ he said. And who was I to argue? Her need was obvious, and very strong.”
I looked back at Harriet on the floor of Madhuri’s bedroom, on her knees looking at Attra’s battered, broken and bleeding body, stroking his head in what she hoped was comfort. I could see the need, too. “I see,” I said.
“Did it hurt?” I asked.
“Yes,” he answered.
“All the time?”
“They gave me medication at times,” he said.
“That,” I said, “was an amazing thing for you to do.”
“Yes,” said Attra.
“And now?” I asked.
“I will visit Esh, and see what he needs.”
“He is Athansor, is he not?” I asked.
“He is Athansor, and also two or three of his favorite monkeys.”
“Manini?” I asked.
“For one,” he answered.
“Will you tell Madhuri?” I asked. I had not had the heart to call her yet.
“I have already told her,” he said.
“So, Attra,” I asked. “Who are you then? Really.”
“I am a speaker of troll talk,” he said.
“As am I,” I said.
He nodded. If a headless once-snake in a nowhere place can nod. It felt like nodding.
“And now?” I asked again, not wanting to let go. Wanting more than anything to stay with Attra, to not-breathe this cool calmness, this brilliant in-between.
“Take care, Nachiketa,” he said. “And take care of the princess.”
“I will,” I said.
And with that, London, my flat, and my body re-solved and I was sitting, breathing quite comfortably, in my living room, hands in my lap, strangers to me for just a second or two, before I picked one of them up and reached for my tea—which had gone cold now.


::Letters::

A few days later, early December now, Harriet went back to Sweden. She called me from New York just before she left, telling me that she was fine, considering, but that she really needed a Swedish Christmas to get over things, the many strange things, she said. And, no, unfortunately she would not stop over in London. Her connection for Stockholm was Amsterdam. She would call me from Sweden.
“Where are you staying?” I asked.
“With Kerstin.”
“Kirsten?” I asked.
“No,” she said. “Kerstin. Kerstin Bernadotte.”  She pronounced the name like Chersteen, unfamiliar to me.
“I don’t know her,” I said.
“Carl Johan and Kerstin are friends of the Wachtmeisters,” she said. “They’re going to let me stay in their apartment.”
“How do I reach you?”
“I’ll call you from there,” she said again, not really answering my question.
Knowing how distraught she must still be, I didn’t want to prod further, so instead I wished her a pleasant journey and told her to be sure to call me. I didn’t want her to disappear on me again.

:

But she did.
I later found out that she had spent Christmas on the Wacthmeister estate somewhere outside Stockholm, and that she had spent most of her remaining visit in the Bernadottes’ large Stockholm apartment, not going out much, but meeting old friends, like Mimi Pollak and Vera (whose surname I can never remember).
In early January of 1962, she met Ingmar Bergman, who apparently did not manage to mask his surprise—shock was the word Harriet used later—at seeing her mouth, all the little wrinkles above her upper lip. He had caught them in the glare of his desk lamp as she reached over to ask him a question. He had stared, Harriet said. Stared. We’re all mortal, she said, but he sure made a show of pointing it out to me.
Bergman’s account of this meeting, which I found in a 1973 translation of an interview with him, described the meeting:

The room was cramped, a desk, a chair and a sagging sofa. I sat at my desk, the desk lamp switched on. She sat on the sofa. “This was Stiller’s room,” she declared at once, looking around. I didn’t know what to say, so I replied that Gustaf Molander had had this room before me. “Yes,” she said again, “this is Stiller’s room. I know for sure.” 
Then we talked rather vaguely about Stiller and Sjostrom. Silence fell. Suddenly she took off her concealing sunglasses and said, “This is what I look like, Mr. Bergman.” Her smile was swift and dazzling, teasing. In the half-light in that cramped room, her beauty was imperishable. If she had been an angel from one of the gospels, I would have said her beauty floated about her.
She registered my reaction, and was very pleased. Exhilarated, I’d say, and started to talk about her work on Selma Lagerlof’s Gosta Berlings saga.
After a brief walk around the studio grounds, we returned to my little room, and she was cheerful and relaxed. She lit another cigarette and spoke of how Alf Sjoberg had wanted to make a film with her. “He was so persuasive, he was irresistible,” she said. “I accepted but changed my mind the next morning and refused. That was awfully stupid of me. Do you think that was stupid, Mr. Bergman?” she asked, leaning across my desk towards me. The desk lamp illuminated her face and I was startled by what I had not seen before. Her mouth was ugly, a pale slit surrounded by transverse wrinkles. It was strange and disturbing. All that beauty and in the middle of the beauty a shrill chord. She saw my reaction, must have read my thoughts, for she grew silent, bored. A few minutes later we said goodbye.

She was sensitive about her mouth. Her one flaw, she once told me. The one thing she tried to hide from cameras. The one thing that far too clearly marked the passage of her time. I would not say ugly, that was Bergman’s observation. I would say wrinkled. A tightness, that’s all.
It’s like I’m mummifying—she said once—on my feet.
Nonsense, I said. You can hardly notice it.
Well, I thank you for your dishonesty, she answered.
Bergman, apparently, was the honest kind.

Then she returned to New York. Late January I get this letter:

Wit’s End
17 January, 1962

Dear Nachiketa,

I am really sorry I didn’t call you from Sweden. I was going to and I meant to, and so often, but time just swept me away. I am glad it did, though. I was terribly sad about Attra going, and so soon after Madhuri and Manini left me. It was so terrible that it happened that way, just after they were gone. It was almost like they timed it that way.
I know it probably sounds strange, but to me he was a person, not a snake. I remember what I said about snakes when we first met, I take it back, I take it back. Well, at least as far as cobras go. At least as far as Attra and Esh go, and all those snakes we met in his mountain.
But after what happened, going home again, with the food and the lights, and the singing, and the glogg, I really needed that. It helped me to forget. And, when I thought of you, Nachiketa, because I did, often, I promise, there was never a phone around, and then there was always someone calling my name to share a joke or a memory, and I couldn’t be rude.
I met many old friends in Stockholm. Especially Vera and Mimi. We talked and talked and as we were talking I found myself wishing that I had never left. There is nothing in the whole world like Sweden at Christmas, Nachiketa. Although, it is very dark, and cold. But that makes the candles look brighter, like little souls flickering. And that makes the fire warmer. It is what a Christmas should be like. Not like California (though New York is better).
And I met our famous director Bergman. He is a brutally honest fellow. I will tell you about it sometime.
You will never guess who I had dinner with the other night? The President of the United States of America! Yes, John Kennedy and his beautiful wife. Yes, Nachiketa, the old Swedish girl had dinner with the President, can you believe that? And before I left he gave me a whale’s tooth to remember him by. Jackie said that he had never given her a whale’s tooth. I’m not really sure what she meant by that, but she sounded just a little bit jealous, which was just fine with me.
They asked me to stay the night, which I now think I should have done, but didn’t. I wanted to go home. I always seem to reach a point at parties and dinners (even with Presidents) where I don’t want to stay anymore, I just want to go home, wrap my blankets around me and not be bothered by anyone.
But when I came home the apartment was so empty without Attra.
I am looking around for my old life, Nachiketa, the one before we went to India, but I can’t seem to find it. I can’t put my finger on it but when I think hard it seems I didn’t have one. Not a real one.
I think I mean before we went to India, or maybe I mean before I left Sweden. I don’t really know what I mean. But I really miss Sweden. No, maybe not Sweden, but the life I had in Sweden, the person I was in Sweden. I was a real person then. Flesh and blood and I had many friends. A famous actress has no friends, only admirers and movie producer bosses. So much has happened since I left so long ago that the head spins when I try to think about it or make sense of it, and I’m trying to find that person again, the person who left, who wanted to leave, and who somehow got lost in the big machine of it all.
Now Claire is yelling at me that food is on the table, so I had better go. She bosses me around, but I think I need that sometimes.
How are things with you? Write me, please, and tell me. I will call you soon, I promise.

Kisses,

Harriet

I wrote back the same day.

London
January 28, 1962

Dear Harriet,

I was wondering what happened to you. I had no way to reach you and wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. So, I do it now: Happy New Year.
Sure, I can believe that you’ve met the President, you are an amazing woman, and of course he wanted to meet you. Keep that whale’s tooth safe.
You say you feel that Attra is a person, and of course he is a person. And notice, Harriet, that I say IS, for he is still alive, as a person—not as a cobra, of course, but as a person. In fact, and this is absolutely true, he stopped by on the way to who knows where, to say good bye, or hello, I was not sure which. But I was very sure about who it was talking to me out of thin air. It was Attra all right, the person. He said he was going back to India to see Esh, but he was a little vague about details. But, Harriet, he is certainly alive, if not kicking. No reason to be sad, really. Or to try to forget. Keep him alive. Perhaps he’ll come to visit you too.
What do you mean, though, that Madhuri and Manini timed it that way? They could not possible have known. Do you think they did?
My life here in London is more or less back to normal. We got the Arnby house—did I tell you about that? It’s a large home that I designed, and he was very happy with the result. He has approved the plans and now for the detail work. It will keep me off the streets for the next few months or so. It’s exciting, and everybody is happy with me at the firm. I am a good architect, apparently. Competent, says Mr. Hawkes. It is a good thing, creating things. Houses.
When will I see you next?
Write soon. Or better still, call.
Meanwhile, stay warm. I see that you’ve had a terrible snowstorm in New York. It was in all the papers.

I Love you,

Nachiketa

When all of February went by without a letter back, or a call, I called her. Only to reach Claire, who informed me that Harriet was unavailable.
“But this is Nachiketa,” I said. Taken aback, to be honest.
“I know,” she said. “I didn’t mean it the way it came out. She is unavailable. She’s in the country somewhere with George Schlee. I have not seen her for days. She doesn’t call or anything.”
I sympathized, but said nothing.
“I will tell her you called when I speak to her next,” she added.
“Yes, please, if you would.”

Mid-March saw this letter from Harriet.

Wit’s End
10 March, 1962

Dear Nachiketa,

I am really sorry I haven’t written sooner, but life (and it seems to happen this way for me sometimes) just runs away with me and it feels like I’m hanging on by the tail of all those many days that just charge on, heading for God knows where.
I see a lot of George Schlee, he is a dear friend who understands (without really saying so) how I feel and what I need. He’s taken me for several trips around the country. We went skiing in Vermont one week, and we took a long leisurely drive down to Florida for two weeks. This is such a beautiful country, even in the winter, or maybe especially in the winter. I don’t like Florida so much though. I get the feeling that people go there to die. There are so many old people there. And they are very dangerous drivers, at least George says so.
Then we go to quite a few parties here in New York. He is a good escort. He does not ask of me to be a “date” (if you know what I mean), we just go as friends. And he protects me, just like Attra did with the reporters in India. Remember?
It’s so strange, Nachiketa, although our trip was not that long ago, it sometimes seems to me like it was years ago, in another life almost. As if it happened to someone else. When I go for my morning walks down to the village (and on the way I’ve visited the Gustavus Adolphus Swedish Lutheran Church on 22nd Street several times, and do you know it looks nothing like it looked that Christmas morning) and I look at the people and the buildings and the cars and taxis and the bicycles and the trucks loading and unloading clothes and things like that all the time, I find that I cannot match what I see with what I remember, they just don’t fit together. It’s like this present and that past are two pieces of a puzzle that say they belong to the same puzzle but don’t. And these pieces are so unalike that I have no way of making them fit together. It is like the city tells me that I have been dreaming and that I had better get a grip on things, or I’m going to go crazy. They belong to different puzzles, these two pieces, that’s what I think.
At times I wish I could talk to someone about these feelings. I’ve considered telling George, but that would mean (wouldn’t it) telling him about you, and I don’t want to do that. Not that I think that he would not understand or that he would not be discreet, but I don’t think it’s right. What do you think? Also, and maybe this is the real reason I hesitate, I’m not sure that he would believe me. He is such a practical man, my George, and I’m not sure how he would take to riding white horses in and out of time and between India and New York in a matter of steps. And talking snakes. He would probably have me locked up, ha, ha.
We are leaving soon again on another trip. This time to New Mexico. We are going to drive so it will take a while. I’m going to see my brother there.
That’s it for now. I hope everything is going fine with your new buildings.

Kisses,

Harriet

Although I was certainly glad to finally hear from her, the letter disturbed me and I called her the same day. Well, I tried to call her. I discovered that she had changed her number again. Old one disconnected, with no forwarding number. Someone, a reporter or some such, must have discovered her old number and begun calling her. Harriet wouldn’t stand for that.
Instead I sat down and wrote her back.

London
March 19, 1962
Monday

Dear Harriet,

Thank you for your letter which was waiting for me on the floor of my apartment when I came home from work today. It was good to hear from you again. I tried to call you right away, but I found that you have changed your number. Please let me know your new telephone number so I can call you.
Let me say, first of all Harriet, that you are not going crazy. Not in the least. And don’t for a moment doubt that what happened actually happened. All you have to do is take out your necklace. It will tell you all you need to know.
There are times, and I will admit this, when I, as well, find it hard to reconcile what we did with the city around me. Two different puzzles, as you said. But not really. All I have to do is to touch my tiger’s-eye (which I always carry, or keep by my bed at night) and then I know, for sure, that I didn’t make it all up, or dream it. That these two pieces do belong to the same puzzle, the one I call my life.
Just put on your necklace, feel it in your hand, and remember the hands that gave it to you. Remember the hands that placed it around your neck, and where you were then. That is all you have to do. You are not crazy, and you know it. Your silver chain, and the troll crystal, will prove it.
I am glad that you have found such a friend in Mr. Schlee. From what you tell me, I think it would be quite all right for you to tell him about me. He sounds like a man of honor who would not betray a trust. However, I’m not sure that anyone who did not actually experience what we did will believe you, so maybe it’s not such a good idea to tell him about the Christmas morning, or about Sweden and India. You know, trolls and snakes and Athansor.
Would you like me to come and see you? Or would you like to come here, Harriet? I could make it a long weekend to New York (and don’t worry about the ticket, they’ve actually begun to pay me quite well for what I do, I can afford it now). Please let me know, or, if you’ve already left, when you come back from New Mexico.
Work is going well, and it is, in a way, a saving grace. I really enjoy creating beautiful and practical space for human consumption (as I sometimes think of it). It is like I make up stories when I design buildings, especially homes (which I prefer by far—sometimes they ask me to help on commercial buildings, which I do, as I need the practice, and should be well rounded—at least according to Mr. Hawkes—but when it comes to my own projects, they are all homes; both Hawkes and Rand know where my love, and strength, lies).
Before I begin work on a new home I try to understand all I can about the owners, about the people who will live there, whose space this will be. I ask them not only what they want to see in their new home, but what are their personal plans, and dreams, and hopes. And what are their beliefs, fears even.
And I talk to them about everyday things, as well. Where they do their shopping, or if they prefer the servants to take care of that (many of our clients are quite well off, as you can probably imagine). Do they like sports, or fishing, or sailing? I try to form as full a picture of the real persons that I can. Then I try to become them and sit myself down and surround myself with a home that would welcome such a person, and that such a person would welcome, and love in turn. This is the home I then build, like a story, around them.
I am sure this is not a very conventional approach, but so far it has served me well. My clients are very happy, even though at first, when I first present the roughs (the outline designs) they are a little taken aback; it’s never quite what they had pictured for themselves. But by knowing them, and by knowing houses and how to build them, I can see better than they do, and I can find their house, their story, for them. And in the end they have always—so far—thanked me, and even asked me how I knew this is what they really wanted.
As I said, I feel like a writer sometimes. Houses are my stories. And they are my saving grace when I feel alone, or when I wonder sometimes (yes I do, too) if what happened to us really happened. Houses, and my tiger’s-eye.
It happened, Harriet. It really did. Take out your crystal, place it around your neck and remember those gentle hands that touched your cheek, and which made your face look twenty years younger. It happened. It really did.
Please call me when you get this letter, if you’re still home. And be sure to give me your new number as well so I can call you.
Meanwhile, have a nice trip, and I hope your brother (my Uncle!) is doing fine.

Love you,

Nachiketa

March became April. Well, she would be in New Mexico, I figured. But when by the end of April there still was no word from her, I considered going there, if for no other reason to make sure that she was all right. Then I decided to give it another week.
Which, as it turned out, was just enough for her letter to arrive.

Wit’s End
1 May, 1962

Dear Nachiketa,

I am really sorry I haven’t written sooner (I seem to start my letters to you with this), but life again is rushing along with me running behind and trying to catch up.
We had a fine trip and a good time in New Mexico. Sven, your uncle indeed, seems to be doing fine, but he’s not a very practical person. If he didn’t have me to look after him (financially) I’m sure he and his family would starve to death. This makes it a little awkward for us to meet, for we’re not really meeting on the same terms as when we were children (when we both depended on our parents). Now I’m his parent and it’s a little strange and puts a bit of a strain on our relationship. But that aside, I still love him a lot and he loves me and we get along fine. George doesn’t like him so much, though, which we had a few arguments about, for I don’t think George has any right to dislike Sven. George says he does, he will form his own opinions, damn it, he says, and even though I tell him to keep his opinions off of my family, I know that he’s right about being his own man, as he says.
On the way back George didn’t feel so well, and I did some of the driving as he was feeling too tired to take the wheel. This, he said, more as a joke, made him feel even worse. Once we came back to New York he had to go to the hospital and there seems to be something the matter. He won’t tell me what it is, though. Old age, he says.
What that means, though, is that he’s staying home with his wife more (who, from what I understand, likes to take care of him, even though they haven’t been husband and wife for many years, if you know what I mean).
We talked a lot on the way back from New Mexico though, and this is what I in a roundabout way am getting around to telling you, that I did tell him about you. And about our adventures.
I had to tell someone. It was like our trips were slipping away from me. As if I would lose them if I didn’t share them. So I told him, there was no one else to tell.
Well, as far as you were concerned, he believed me just fine, but he wouldn’t have any of our adventures. Well, that’s his word, he calls them my adventures, and says it in that tone of voice that you use with a child that you trying not to upset.
But then he turns all business and says no, that just could not have happened, and when I tell him it did, it really did, he suggested that perhaps I should seek some help. Professional help.
I said he didn’t know what he was talking about, and he said look who’s talking. Well, we had a good and proper row about that, I guess, but at the bottom of it all I know that he cares for me and does not want to see me hurt, or going crazy. He wants to protect me. That’s what he says, and that’s what he does. I’m sure of it.
No, to answer your question, I have not taken his advice about seeking help. I don’t think I need some psychiatrist to help me sort things out (although I must confess that the thought does cross my mind now and then, that perhaps it would be easier that way, than this trying to fit these pieces together from such different puzzles).
If George feels better (which he insists that he will) we are going to leave for Europe in a week or so. If we do, I  don’t think we’ll have time to stop over in London to see you as we then will be  going straight to Greece for a Mediterranean cruise. We can get in and out of Greece without making too much of a splash, which I like. I doubt the same could be said about London, which has very nosey papers.
Enough about me. I really love the way you described your approach to designing homes. I think you’re a genius, and that’s not just a mother speaking (writing). It is no wonder that your clients like what you dream up for them. You’re an artist, Nachiketa. That’s what I think. Maybe you could design a house for me someday, maybe in Greece. What do you think? Maybe we could both live there. Wouldn’t that be nice.
Are there no special person(s) in your life, Nachiketa? You should marry. Take an advice from an old woman, you don’t want to grow old alone, you need a companion. I’m asking because, when I think about it, I don’t remember you ever  mentioning a someone, a girlfriend, or even girl friends, or even friends, come to think about it. Don’t grow old alone. It’s no fun. At all.
But it is a good thing that you love your work. You call it your saving grace. Saving you from what, Nachiketa? I think that in a way you feel like I felt in Hollywood all these years ago. Work was everything, outside that I was just a shadow moving around in empty houses (I never furnished any of them for I always thought of California as temporary). I only lived in front of the camera. Don’t go down that road, Nachiketa. It is not, in the end, very fun. At all.
Find someone. Marry. Raise children. Live.
Now I’ve got to get going. I’m late for my morning walk (or constitutional, as George keeps calling my strolls down the city and back up). Write soon. I think about you a lot more than I write to you, I promise. And I really love you. That is the truth.

Kisses,

Harriet

It was a long and honest letter. But: no telephone number, no mention of the necklace. Those were the two things that struck me first, tumbling out of the letter like silent boulders.
I read it again, carefully. Still no telephone number, and no necklace. I had no immediate way to reach her and help her. All I could do was write back, as strongly as I knew how.
So I sat down and put pen to paper.

London
May 8, 1962
Tuesday

Dear Harriet,

Thanks for your long and thoughtful letter. I enjoyed receiving and reading it. You shine through so strongly that I feel you in the room with me, reading it aloud to me.
Two things first. Please write me with your current phone number. Or call me, please. I want to have a way to reach you, quickly, if I have to. Or just if I want to talk to you. I miss your voice, and I miss our conversations, along with our shared memories. So, please Harriet, give me your telephone number, one way or another.
And, you say nothing about the necklace in your letter. Does it not help? Is it not capable of fitting the two pieces together for you even if they do belong, as you say, to different puzzles? I have a little moth in the pit of my stomach that flutters and wonders, you have not lost it again, have you? Please tell me you have not. Please. It is a precious gift from some of the oldest beings on the planet, and they (she) gave it to you, for she thought you were their princess, I am sure of it. Remember, please. And put it on, and feel the pieces of those puzzles find each other and meld together so beautifully around your neck.
My tiger’s-eye performs this miracle for me every day, for yes, yes, I guess you have to say that the pieces do belong to different puzzles. There are no cobras, white with age, sliding down the streets of London, there are no white horses here that fly through time and mist. There are no trolls singing twelve part harmonies; and everywhere I look, and everything I see cries out against even the possibility of such miracles. And so I reach into my pocket and touch my stone, my tiger’s-eye, which then touches me back and says: no, Nachiketa, not at all, there is nothing at all wrong with your mind, you remember perfectly well. I exist, trolls exist, you exist and you are so much more than these cars and shops and shoulders bent into the wind heading for the pub after work.
I know what you go through, Harriet, for I suffer the same foolish city as you do, and the same blindness around me. I think—no, I know—that this is the purpose of their gifts to us: to remind us, to confirm and affirm. To tell us who we are. To keep us afloat in this mad ocean of a world. Don’t you agree? If, and I hardly dare think this thought for fear that it may be true, if you have lost the necklace, Harriet, then please tell me. Perhaps I can help you find it.
Enough about that.
How is Mr. Schlee doing now? I hope that he’s getting better and that you will be able to make your Mediterranean trip as planned (although you say you won’t be able to stop by and see me in London, which is a pity).
I understand why you told him about me and our journeys, and I also understand why he didn’t believe you (your, our, adventures). How could anyone who has not experienced them really understand? Or believe? They sound crazy, of course they do, and to any rational mind they could not have happened. Simply because they are, in this world, by its agreements, impossible (although they did take place, Harriet—ask your crystal).
It did hurt me to hear that he thought you crazy though, and that he suggested you seek professional help to sort things out. You don’t need help, Harriet. The truth is that you’re a miracle that other human beings will find very hard to grasp and fathom. This is a hard thing for me to say, for I know how much you like Mr. Schlee, but, don’t you dare listen to him when it comes to the adventures we shared, Harriet. They happened, they really did, and don’t you let anyone, including Mr. Schlee, tell you otherwise.
Call me, please. And let us talk about it.
Then you turn your light on me and my lack of girlfriends, girl friends, and friends. Well, mea culpa, guilty as charged. I just never saw the need. Perhaps I’m not constituted like the rest of humanity, for I feel no great urge to out and procreate (which to me is the only observable urge around me). I prefer a good book any day. And talking about good books, I did find Conrad’s The Condition of Art the other day—not in your beautiful edition but in The Portable Conrad, a nice Viking Books compilation which included his wonderful piece on art—and I was again astounded by the man’s clarity of vision and grasp of the fundamentals of fiction.
A good work of fiction, to me, is like an invitation by a writer to come visit his universe for a few hours, to create it with him and to experience his viewpoint. It is the most precious gift I think a mind can offer another: a story. So, in my leisure time I find myself more often than not in my favorite chair, with a  cup of tea, and a good book, accepting just such an invitation.
I do have friends. Well, perhaps moderately close acquaintances would be a better description. Some of them female, to boot. But no close friends, as you so aptly point out. When I grew up I had Madhuri, and Attra (and many other snakes) for friends. Knowing snake talk kind of set me apart right from the start, and I found it hard to make friends with those who did not (which, apart from Madhuri, was mankind as a whole—at least as far as I knew, or know, for that matter). Also, once word got out that I could talk to snakes—the rumor did spread—no one dared get too close to me.
Then there was school, and for many years that was all I focused on, all I wanted to focus on. And once I found that I liked buildings, and the craft of putting them together with purpose, I found a calling which excluded much else.
Then I found you, Harriet.
And now and then, making guest appearances—always unexpectedly—there’s Jiddu (whom I always think of as Jiddu and never as dad or father). He comes sailing through now and then with presents and an evening out (he likes good food, my Jiddu) and polite inquiries as to how I’m getting along, do I need anything, have I seen you recently, those sort of things. (Do you, by the way, ever talk to him? He doesn’t say, and now that I think if it, neither do you).
And then we had our adventures (which I think is a good word, if not used condescendingly), and they went even further to crowd out the need for conventional friendships, if you see what I mean. For how do you tell the girl next door that you’ve hobnobbed with trolls, for Christ’s sake? Or that you almost got your head chopped off by Pearly Soames and his gang of thieves one Christmas morning? I think opening up to any girl would simply scare her first witless and then away. And what is a relationship if not sharing? And what is sharing if not honest and complete? I think I am sentenced, by my own strangeness and by our adventures, to a lonely life, Harriet. Only I don’t find it lonely, I really don’t. Especially not when I have you.
This is who I am Harriet, and I guess this is also my roundabout way of pleading with you to call me, to come closer, and sooner rather than later. In a way, I really need you, and from what you tell me in your letters, you need me too.
I hope this letter reaches you before you leave for Europe, if you are going. And again, I ask you: please call, and also include your new number with your reply.
You know, I am sure, that I’m willing to come and see you at any time. I can arrange my schedule around yours, that will not be a problem (Hawkes, especially, thinks I can do no wrong and would let me fly to New York at a moment’s notice). Don’t forget that.
And please don’t forget to wear your necklace. It is the light that will fuse the pieces together for you, that will make the two realities we live with seem as one.
Meanwhile, I wish you a nice cruise, and I hope, as I said, that Mr. Schlee is doing better.

Love you, as always,

Nachiketa

The letter did not get to her in time.
Could not have. Because May, June, July, and August went by without a word from her. I managed to follow her movements (or the traces of her movements) in the papers. Tangiers, Sicily, Majorca, Barcelona. Not making headlines, to be sure, but still, some editors were curious enough about her doings to track them. By late September she had returned to New York, at least from what I could gather. Nothing more heard in the English papers, which to my mind meant she had left Europe, their backyard, and was back in America.
Still no answer. No call. Nothing.
I am ashamed to admit that by now I was terribly upset with her. Why would she treat me this way? Her only son. And after everything, everything we’d shared.
Then I managed to stop feeling sorry for myself long enough to realize that my mother needed me a lot more than I needed her. I had Madhuri, after all, and I had my tiger’s-eye. And I had my work—my wonderful and absorbing work which kept my mind occupied and my soul creating—whereas she was idle, and more than likely had (which I had begun to suspect more and more) lost her necklace, her one personal affirmation, again.
And realizing this I decided, invited or not, to go to New York.


::New York::

I flew from London to New York on October 1st, 1962. This was a Monday and a light day for air travel—the TWA Boeing 707 was nearly empty. In fact, I think there were more flight attendants than passengers. As usual I had a window seat, on the port side this time. My attendant folded down the seat next to me which then became a large and very functional table, and although I flew in the main cabin (not first class—I still could not match Harriet’s budget) I found I had the room and space worth twice the money.
The flight was uneventful (as I’ve mentioned before, a good thing) and very long. Made even longer, I am sure, by my unease at showing up uninvited. I knew that on a fundamental level I was violating my mother’s privacy, son or no. She was a very private woman, I had come to know that, and I was planning to do what she abhorred the most, to force a presence on her. But what choice did I have? And didn’t I do it for the right, that is to say unselfish, reasons?
Well, that was one of the main questions I debated in the silence (the hum of jet engines tend to fade into a silence of sorts on long flights) of the Atlantic crossing: did I do this for her benefit or for my own? Was my need, or was my feeling somewhat like a jilted lover, the real reason I was now sitting by the window in seat 14A, or was it to comfort my mother? I kept telling myself, over and over, that it was for her sake I was coming, but I kept feeling, over and over, that it had as much, if not more, to do with me.
To be honest, I never fully resolved that issue, have not to this day. Point is, though, that there I was, approaching her, uninvited, at 550 miles per hour, and I did not feel good about it.
I tried to sleep a little, could not, and I knew I would have jet lag trouble at the far end. I tried to read, could not. Amidst much comfort, this was a long, uncomfortable flight.
I made it through immigration and customs without incident, and I exchanged my Sterling for the much smaller Dollar. Taxis galore outside, so “where ya goin’ to,” and off we went. I gave the driver—from Jamaica, Queens, he informed me without being asked, lived not far from here, also volunteered—Harriet’s address, and I felt worse than ever.
I don’t know if it is on the universal taxi driver application form that you must be able to sustain a one-way conversation for at least an hour, non-stop, but if it is, and this driver answered yes, well, he was not telling an untruth. Flying colors. I stopped listening after a while, could not keep up, my mind on the end of the drive, on the small elevator that rattled a little going up, on the brown door, so closed to me, and on my finger on the doorbell buzzer, pressing, violating.
And so we arrived. I tipped him well, took my suitcase and went in.
Where was I going, asked the doorman. Harriet Brown, I said. Did I have an appointment? No. But I’ve come from London, just to see her. She’s not in, he informed me. Returning when, I asked. Couldn’t say, he said. Today? I asked. Couldn’t say, he repeated. Is Claire in, I asked. This question seemed to fissure his barricade somewhat. I obviously knew the housekeeper. Perhaps, he said. Could you ask, could you call and ask, I wondered. Which, yes, apparently, was possible, and which he did, very put out. Claire answered.
“Wants to know who you are,” he said to me, hand over the mouthpiece.
“Nachiketa,” I said.
“Nachiketa,” he repeated. “From London.”
Then he listened for a long time, for much longer than Claire could have spoken. Or maybe, I realized later, Claire didn’t say anything for some time, confused, perhaps panicked, I don’t know. Finally she must have said something, for the doorman nodded and said, “Okay,” and hung up.
“Fifth floor,” he added, and glanced toward the elevator. I was cleared to enter.
“I know,” I said.
“Ms. Brown is not at home, though,” he said.
“You told me that,” I said.
The ride up to the fifth floor was the slowest elevator ride of my life. I was simply overcome with the feeling that I was doing something terribly wrong. That no matter how justified I was in arriving, I was doing so against her wishes, and her wishes (as I had discovered) were strong and paramount.
Finally it was me and the doorbell. I placed the suitcase on the marble floor and pressed. Once. The gong I remembered sounded deep inside. The door opened nearly immediately, and Claire looked worried.
“Nachiketa,” she said.
“Claire.” I wasn’t sure whether to shake hands or embrace her. I offered my hand, and she shook it.
She looked at me and then down at my suitcase, and then back at my face. “You’ve come,” she said. But nothing more.
“I’ve come,” I confirmed.
“She is not at home,” she said finally. And still she had not stepped aside to let me in. She was as aware of my violation as I was. And she would not be a party to it. At least that is how I read it.
“Can I come in?” I asked.
To which she said nothing. And said nothing some more. Then, as if by sheer act of will, she stood aside, and I picked up my suitcase and entered.
Claire was so uncomfortable about this that it stood like a mist around her. I literally had to pass through her unease to enter the living room. Claire had not moved, and the door was still open to the landing outside. I put my suitcase down.
“She is not at home,” she said again. Five words repeated on pain of death. 
The apartment was very still. I left Claire standing in the hallway, and went to the kitchen. All silent. Nothing on the stove. No dishes being prepared. Every sign of no Harriet.
I went to Harriet’s bedroom. The door was ajar. I could see the made bed, unslept in. I forced myself to push the door fully open. The room was empty. I took in the book shelves, her night table, her alarm clock, her chair. All spoke of no Harriet. I backed out and returned the door to its not quite closed.
I stood very still and just listened. The absence of sound spoke of only Claire in the apartment. Of only Claire dusting or polishing or whatever she came to do when Harriet was not in town. Spoke very clearly of absence.
Claire had not moved. She would not ratify my breach of protocol by closing the door behind me. She would not be party to my violation.
“When,” I started from just outside Harriet’s room. Then realized she might not hear me. I crossed the living room and returned to the hallway and the waiting Claire. “When,” I said again, “will she come back?”
“I don’t know,” she said. “I am not even sure where she is. She must have gone out of town for the weekend. I don’t know where.”
“She did mentioned . . . ?”
“No.”
Still, I could not shake the terrible, terrible feeling that Harriet was in the apartment. Hiding from me.
“Could I wait for her, do you think?”
“I don’t think that would be a very good idea,” she answered. Then, after letting her silence make sure I really understood what a not very good idea that would be, she added, “She may be gone for weeks. She does this sometimes.”
“Yes,” I said. Mechanically. Nodded. Picked up my suitcase and crossed the miasma of unease that now filled the entire hallway, and returned to the landing.
“I will find a hotel nearby,” I said. “I am very tired, I need to get some sleep.”
She did not reply.
“I will come back tomorrow.”
She nodded. “Yes. Maybe she will be back by then.”
“I hope so,” I said. “I certainly do.” Then I remembered. “Perhaps I should call first. Do you have her new phone number?”
“No,” said Claire. “No. She just had it changed again, and she has not told me yet.” And this, terribly, rolled off her tongue like something rehearsed.
Standing guard—and in retrospect, there’s no other image that comes to mind, she was standing guard—I saw that her loyalties lay with Harriet and not with me, whatever the truth. “Well, then,” I said. “I shall find myself a hotel.”
“I’m sorry,” said Claire. And she meant it. She looked it. She also looked relieved.
I found a hotel, a not very nice one, which as far as I remember had no other name than Hotel. It was not a nice room, and the bed was too soft. It was also very hot in the room. I had to open the window to let some cold air in, something the window wasn’t used to, for it fought me all the way. Finally it gave in a crack, and I breathed the fresher air. I left it that way and lay down on the creaky bed, closed my eyes, and fell asleep.
And dreamed:
Claire stood by the open door and would not move. Her unease had grown into a terror so palpable I could break off pieces of it and put it in my pocket. I picked up my suitcase and entered the apartment.
It was very still inside. Too still. The still that echoes of the recent non-stillness. The still you feel when all motion has been ordered stopped. Silenced.
I looked around the living room for signs of her, any sign. A cigarette, a glove, a newspaper, anything. For I knew—and this was my nightmare—I knew that she was in the apartment. She, at that very moment, was watching me from behind a door, from behind a curtain, from within a closet. I didn’t know from behind what, or which closet, but I knew she could see me. And she could move, soundlessly, unseen, from hiding place to hiding place, so no matter how many closet doors I yanked open with sudden violence, there was always another place housing her, a shape, slipping away unseen like a footless ghost, for although the curtain fluttered and bulged with its secret there were no feet to be seen by the floor. And all the while Claire stood by the open door, a panicked guard.
Everywhere I looked, was always a heartbeat too late. In the end I had looked everywhere. And perhaps she was laughing now, a silent and not very nice laugh. Why did she hate me this much? A shadow of a mother, dim and cruel.
I sat up suddenly and the bed protested loudly. I had no idea what time it was, only that I was parched and still fully dressed and very uncomfortable. I swung my feet onto the floor and staggered to the window. I had to get more air into the room. Perhaps it noticed my condition and sympathized, for this time it allowed me to slide it fully open and I drank the air like water. I looked at my wristwatch, which said six o’clock. London time, I realized. Here, the middle of the night. I listened to the traffic outside, then noticed the drizzle. Strangely, it cheered me. Cool and moist. I undressed and made it back to bed. This time I did not dream.
I returned to Harriet’s apartment building the following morning. Another doorman, equally inhospitable—do they come this way or does it take years of training?—informed me that Harriet was out and that the housekeeper had not yet arrived. Would I please come back later.
I returned after lunch. Claire was in the apartment now, and the doorman called her. Suddenly I realized that he must have Harriet’s number in order to call and for a moment I felt at least one problem was solved.
That is, until I realized that he was using an intercom. He had dialed only two digits. I remained none the wiser.
Claire answered and I spoke with her briefly. Harriet was not back yet, and no, there was no word from her. Maybe tomorrow. I said fine.
I tried again the next day and the day after and then flew back to London.


::The Final Letter::

I had expected a call or at least a letter as soon as Harriet returned to the apartment to discover that I had been there.
But nothing. She did not call, nor did she write. And by now—I am ashamed to confess—I was sufficiently cross with her to leave it up to her. If she didn’t want to hear from me, well fine, she wouldn’t.
And with some effort (rejection fueled it) I managed to push her first out of my mind, and then out of my life to a large extent. Thanks again to my work and to my books, Harriet grew more and more shadow that only now and then would flit across my heart, only to then hide again.
It was almost a year later, in the late summer of 1963, that she danced back into my heart a little more tangibly. The Empire Theatre in London, I read, was screening a series of her films to sold-out houses. Harriet’s West End comeback, said the papers, was so successful that even MGM’s expectations had been surpassed. It created quite a stir. Even Hawkes was talking about it in the office. He had been to a couple of the shows and said more than once that she was a wonder of a woman.
This was as good an excuse as any to write her again, and I unresolved my resolve to wait for her to contact me, and I wrote:

London
August 18, 1963

Dear Harriet,

I have heard nothing from you for well over a year now and I sometimes wonder if you still remember me. Or those things we did. Our adventures.
I am writing to tell you that you’ve made quite a comeback here in London. People are filling the Empire Theatre every week to watch your movies. Nothing but praise in the press, nothing but astonishment at your screen presence and your acting, even twenty years after you took leave of that part of your life.
Also, I’m writing you to confess that I haven’t written because I am not a little cross with you for not calling, or writing, even after I flew all the way to New York to see you. Surely you know that I did. I find your silence hard to understand and impossible to reconcile.
Nonetheless, I hope you live a happy life, and that you can steal perhaps a few minutes from somewhere to answer this letter.
Despite your silence, I love you still,

Nachiketa

Although it took nearly three months, a reply did finally arrive. A strange letter in a way. Strange in that it did not acknowledge the year-long silence, and in that it did not even refer to my letter.

Wit’s End
12 November, 1963

Dear Nachiketa,

I’ve finally returned from a long summer which I spent in Europe and on Barbados. It has been a busy time, thank God, for I don’t like being not busy—too much time to think and brood.
I met Ingrid Bergman on the island (Barbados) and I’m afraid I made a mess of it. She’s a very nice woman, if a little naïve, and she didn’t take kindly to me pointing out that she should be wary of buying land and building a house in that place. They steal everything there. If you leave your handbag for a moment, it’s gone. If you leave a tip for a waiter on the table, rather than giving it to him directly, he’ll never see it for someone else will steal it first.
I was just trying to be friendly with her, just trying to caution her. “I understand you’re in love with Barbados,” I said, “and that you’re going to buy a piece of land here?” And she answered, “Yes, we just love the beach farther up from here, and we’ve plans for a little house.”
I was only concerned that she and her husband didn’t understand the risks. “Here they steal everything,” I told her. “They’ll steal your clothes.” She said that this didn’t worry her, clothes were easily replaced. “If someone needs my clothes badly enough to steal them,” she said, “they can have them.”
I was just trying to help her, but she didn’t take it that way. I didn’t know what to answer her so I left her in the garden, and I didn’t see her again, except for briefly when we left Claudette’s house (we were invited to dinner at Claudette Colbert’s place).
I’ve heard from others that she’s mad at me and thinks that all I care about is not being stolen from. She doesn’t like me and tells people so. I guess she has a right to her opinions, but she doesn’t have a right to spread them around, I don’t think.
George has not been feeling well, not at all, and I am worried about him. Some days I don’t feel too well myself, but he’s worse for the wear. I think Valentina (that’s his wife) poisons him against me. He cares about me and I think she is very jealous about that. She doesn’t speak to me, and I think she is making him sick.
Now I have to stop.
How are things with you? Write and tell. Please.

Kisses,

Harriet

I read her letter several times, looking for I wasn’t quite sure what. Life, I think. For there was no life in it. What we had shared, our adventures. That was the thing I could not understand, that absence. The letter, though friendly enough, struck me as superficial, as a surface recording of her day-to-day somewhat paltry existence. Shallow is the word. It was as if I had lost a friend and gained an American mother, too busy and too worried about her own doings to care.
I answered her a few days later, and I must admit that I tried to make it hurt a little.

London
November 22, 1963

Dear Harriet,

It was nice to receive your letter, and I am glad to hear that your summer was busy. At times I wish my schedule was as full and varied as yours: I am afraid that I do occasionally find the time to brood on things, and then, quite often, I brood on why we have, indeed, fallen out of touch, again.
I know that you have your own life to live and that “officially” I don’t fit in, don’t exist. In fact, as Jiddu once told me: “No one knows, or must know. You have no mother, Nachiketa. Officially. You know that, of course. You cannot tell anyone.” Well, once the news of you had sunk in I could understand, see why, things had to be that way.
But I have since hoped that perhaps, perhaps through the time we’ve spent together, and through what we have experienced together—our adventures, as you, or was it Mr. Schlee, called them—that this might have changed.
It is now clear to me that it has not. I still have no mother, officially, of course.
It is as you yourself told me the first time we met (I remember it so clearly, standing in the bright cabin aboard that big ship): “You know that I can never be your mother,” you said, or words to that effect. And I remember answering, “But you are.”
That is an answer I still cling to, though you now seem determined, despite all we’ve been through, to stand by your original declaration.
I suspect that I have now become a problem for you, especially should the news get out. Have you told anyone? I mean, besides Mr. Schlee. I have, of course, told no one. The secret is safe with me. I have no mother, officially.
You ask how things are with me. Well, mostly I’m just fine. My work, as always, is my saving grace. I love what I do and I am good at it, competent. They’re even dangling a future partnership in front of me, the old rascals. But I love them (Hawkes and Rand—the owners). They taught me the craft and I owe them much. My sanity, for one, I think, sometimes.
Of course I would like to see you again, and talk to you again, but I feel that you have perhaps made some sort of choice, and this choice prevents us from meeting. Is that true? If it is I wish it could be unchosen. But, also, I do understand—sometimes. Other times I ask myself, does it really matter to her, what others think, what the world would think about her son, at this point in her life, at this time? Does it?
I look out the window and see that it is raining cats and dogs out there (or as Hawkes says, pigs and turkeys—not sure where he got that from, it doesn’t even make sense, but as much sense as cats and dogs I guess). I hear the steady pounding on the roof and the gurgle as it plunges down the drainpipe. In a sense I like the rain, makes the flat cozy and my desk a sanctuary, if you know what I mean.
I do read a lot. I just finished an amazing book by a countryman of mine, G. V. Desani, called All About H. Hatterr. It is a crazy ride through even crazier language and which I thoroughly enjoyed. I’m also reading some of the American writers (I prefer them to the English, although I am a little partial to Dickens); John Steinbeck is impressive, I just finished East of Eden and Grapes of Wrath. He is a “strong” writer, by which I mean, he comes through with force in his books. A strong presence.
Do you still read nowadays?
By the way, Harriet, I just read an interview with Federico Fellini in one of our papers, in which he flattered you very much. You were the only movie star, he said, to achieve the status of a religious icon. You had, he said, “the austere looks of a cloistered empress.” And then went on to say, “She was always an unreachable living myth whom I would describe as the founder of a religious order called the cinema. She gave the cinema the sacredness of Mass.”
How do you like that? Perhaps you have seen it? If you have not, let me know and I can send you a copy. I bought one extra. A living myth, he said.
I will leave you alone now, but please call me or at least send me your current phone number so I can call you.

Loving you always,

Nachiketa


::The Dark Ages::

She did not call, nor did she write, instead she entered what I now think of as the dark ages: she simply vanished—for me. She was still around, officially, featured—though with less frequency—in the press, where I could follow her whereabouts, albeit at a strangely second- or third-hand distance.
I read that her friend George Schlee died in late September of 1964 and I expected to hear from Harriet then, but still: nothing. The papers reported that she returned to New York for the funeral (this was early October of 1964) and there was some speculation in the press about how exactly Schlee had died and how Harriet had handled it, much of it not very flattering. One account had Harriet leaving him collapsed on a Paris street after calling for help—so as not to be involved, was the writer’s conclusion.
Another writer, I think he was American, wondered why she had not arrived in New York on the same plane as Schlee’s body. “If she loved him,” he wrote, “she didn’t realize it until afterwards. Or, perhaps, she is not capable of love.” I know that if Harriet read that, it would crush her.
I tried to reach Cecil Beaton to see if he had her current number, and although I finally did manage to talk to him, he said he did not have it. I didn’t quite believe him but I couldn’t very well challenge him about it, so I had to leave it at that.
My suspicion was confirmed the following summer when I read in the London papers that Beaton had recently spent time with Harriet on one of Cecile de Rothschild’s boats somewhere in the Mediterranean, but now they were no longer on speaking terms.
Again, added the writer.
Although I could not help but keep an eye out for her in the papers—it had become an unbreakable habit by now—I tried to put her as far out of my life as possible. 
In the summer of 1966 I returned to India for a few weeks and found Madhuri a little fragile. She had lost some weight, but insisted that she was fine. Her spirit was still strong, and she would not let me pamper her. I told her, of course, about Harriet, and her disappearing again.
“She is an unsettled soul,” said Madhuri, as much to herself I think as to me.
“But after meeting Athansor,” I said. “After visiting the trolls.”
“Perhaps,” she said, “she has forgotten.”
“Forgotten?” I said, perplexed that she would have considered that a possibility. “How can you forget something like that?”
“How can you forget anything?” she wondered.
When I didn’t reply—because it was a good question, and no good answer came to mind—she asked, “Have you ever forgotten?”
“About Athansor?”
“Yes.”
“No,” I answered, “Never.”
“Never?” she said and smiled. “Not even for a moment?”
Her smile was an invitation to rethink my answer.
“Well,” I said after recalling long stints at the drawing table where nothing but the paper and the ink and the form I held in my mind of the building to rise had existed. “Well, yes, there have been those moments.”
She smiled a different smile. Not pleased, but knowing. “Perhaps her moments are longer than yours.”
“Years?” I said, but I was beginning to see.
“Who knows?”
Then she changed the subject. “Attra has been to see me.”
When I did not voice the question she saw in my eyes, she added, “Snake.”
“Cobra?”
“Yes, he likes it that way.”
“Where is he?”
“He is with Esh now. Somewhere.”
“Does he come here often?”
“Only the once.”
“Can you reach him? I would love to see him again.”
“I’m sure he knows you are here. And I’m sure he’ll come if he can.”
Either Attra didn’t know, or couldn’t come, for I didn’t meet him that summer. Madhuri and I spent a pleasant month, doing not much of anything. I helped her with the household chores, did some of the cooking, and as she taught me some of her wonderful recipes, I did more of it, just to practice.
Gosh, I said to her, I’m so good I could open a restaurant.
Just what I hear London needs, she said, another Indian restaurant.
Yes, she was herself, a little thinner, but herself. And that is how I left her.

:
And life, as they say, went on.
I had by now accepted that Harriet had thought better of having a son, and although it hurt, sometimes I thought perhaps I was better off this way. I suffered none of the attention that still plagued her. None of the press, none of the hounding and speculations that would still surface in the various magazines. Harriet-spotting became a New York pastime, and Harriet sightings—as if she were some Unidentified Flying Object—were still written up as fillers on slow days, sometimes in those very periodicals that also featured alien abductions.
Truman Capote is interviewed—I think it’s around the time that New York’s Lincoln Center screens twenty-six of her films, and she’s all the rage for a while—and he calls her an abandoned temple, which leads to other interviews with other notables and to more speculations and further sightings.
She was more than likely an harassed woman at that time. And again I thought that perhaps it was all for the best that I got to lead a life without all that attention. Perhaps, I even thought at times, that was her intent.
In 1971, Cecile Beaton published a second installment of his autobiography, and an excerpt called My Love Affair with Ms. Brown appeared briefly in several magazines.
I called him to inquire if it was true, but he did not return my calls. I was not that interested, and I did not pursue it. Still, I can imagine how Harriet must have felt about it. To his credit, though, there was not a word about me.
That same year, 1971, Mr. Rand passed away after a brief battle with prostate cancer, and Hawkes again insisted that I become a partner in the firm, which I finally accepted, though I insisted that the firm retain its original name, which he said was fine.
I visited India several times, to find Madhuri frailer and frailer but still in excellent spirits. I never did get to see Attra on any of my visits, however, and if Madhuri knew why this was, she never said.


::Madhuri::

In July of 1985, Madhuri called and asked me to come as soon as I could. I will be going soon, she said; and I asked no further questions, just packed my things, left word at the office, and flew home. Yes, for the first time, I felt as if I were going home.
She met me at the door and I had to stop myself from drawing a quick breath of dismay when I saw her. It was almost as if she had shrunk in height as well as in substance.
No, she said, it was not cancer. No, something else. Just the wish to end this chapter, she said.
“How long?” I asked
“Days, weeks,” she said.
“Does it hurt?”
“No.”
I brought my luggage to my room, still as clean and taken care of as ever. The sheets and blankets smelled fresh with air. She had washed them recently. I heard her prepare tea in the kitchen, when I was suddenly struck with the moment: I had come to say farewell to her. I could not keep my eyes from welling up, and I stood still for a long time, trying to find my footing, trying to wrestle my emotions down, or at least out of sight, before returning to the kitchen. I turned. Only to see her at my door, watching me silently.
“It’s not a sad thing,” she said.
“It is for me,” I answered.
“It happens,” she said matter-of-factly. “It happens.”
“Yes, I know.” I said and quickly dabbed my eyes with my hands.
“I have tea ready,” she said.
We sat down by a corner of the Acre. She eased herself into—more like onto—her chair, and I could see her not quite not flinch as the effort must have caused her pain, no matter what she said.
“It does hurt,” I said.
“A little, maybe,” she answered.
I served us. As I replaced the pot on its little wrought iron stand, I caught sight of her hands, which now appeared skeletal, draped by translucent skin. It was as if they were simply disappearing: as if she were evaporating.
“What do the doctors say?” I asked, unable to think, really. The question almost some kind of recording held in reserve for moments like this.
“Why should I bother them?” she asked in return. “It just an old woman’s time, that’s all. It’s not as if I have any desire to be kept alive, were it an option.”
Now, you have to believe me when I say that this: this very moment, facing my grandmother across the Acre, on my farewell visit, was the first time I really reflected upon her age, and it was her own words that spawned the question. It was July of 1985 and I was now fifty-seven years old. The woman on the other side of the Acre was my grandmother. Grandmother. I had always thought of her so much as my mother that I never stopped to reflect. A mother, yes, a mother would reach the age of farewell about now, a mother. But a grandmother would usually be long gone. I asked.
“How old are you?”
“I am one hundred and five,” she said.
Someone was at the door. Then a head popped in, “Jiddu is calling,” it said. I looked at the head and then at the phone, disconnected from the wall as usual. “He’ll call back soon.”
“Thank you,” said Madhuri.
“Thank you,” said I.
The head, which I didn’t recognize, withdrew and I walked over and plugged the telephone into the wall socket.
I had barely returned to the table when the phone rang again. I answered.
“How is she,” said my father without preamble. A demand.
“Frail,” I said.
Then a short pause as my voice struck some sort of chord. “Who is this,” he said.
“Nachiketa,” I answered.
He didn’t answer for several more seconds. “Nachiketa,” he repeated. “How are you?”
“I am fine,” I said. “Should you not be here?”
“I am sorry,” he said. “I am forbidden to travel.”
“By whom?”
“My doctors.”
“You are not well?”
“Frail,” he said.
I was not sure whether he meant to mimic my earlier response or not. I was seldom sure what he meant, besides we spoke so seldom. I didn’t now know what to answer, so I said nothing. The line, as usual, crackled and hissed. He sounded far away. Probably in Ojai, California, where he spent most of his time now.
“I am glad you are there,” he said at length.
“Do you want to talk to her?” I asked.
“Yes, please,” he said.
I covered the mouthpiece and said to Madhuri, “It’s Jiddu.”
She nodded and rose slowly. She brought her chair with her, sat down and held out her hand. I gave her the receiver and she spoke with her son.
It was a short conversation that ended with: “Goodbye.”
She handed the receiver back to me, and returned to the table. All in slow but graceful movements. Again, it appeared to pain her to move, but her faced showed nothing, or tried not to.
“He will follow soon,” she said.
“He is ill,” I said. Not quite a question.
“Yes,” she said. “He cannot travel.”
“That’s what he told me too,” I said.
She reached for the teapot, but I took it before she could, and I refilled our cups.
“I was born in 1880,” she said. “At least according to my mother, and later according to Jiddu, who made it a point to find out for me.”
I replaced the teacup and looked at her. She was regarding me with steady eyes, still bright with intelligence and awareness, although moist with age.
“You married young at that time,” she went on. “My father arranged for my marriage me when I was fourteen—apparently a profitable one for all concerned—and I soon carried your father, who was born in 1895.”
I nodded.
“He was filled with light,” she said.
“What do you mean?” I asked, although I thought I knew.
“He came through death unscathed,” she said.
When I looked up at her, my face a question, she added, “You know that many things can happen between death and birth. Many things. Most of them unpleasant, and most of them seeding the great forgetting.”
I did not answer, but she had all of my attention, which must have been quite apparent to her.
“Jiddu passed quickly from his previous life to this. Nothing happened to him in-between. He was born quite aware of who he had been and who he was.”
“He never told me,” he said.
She shook her head. “Nachiketa. Poor Nachiketa. You were nearly as great a burden to your father as to your mother. Although he did not disown you like she did, he disowned you in another way.”
“How?” I said.
“He once told me,” she said, “that he was as much your father as you were your body. He believed, and still believes I’m sure, that each child is himself, and is fully responsible for himself, and is not the product of his parents. Which,” she added, “of course is true.”
I nodded again, although I not entirely sure that I agreed. I had not given these things much thought of late. While Jiddu had a large and worldwide following by now, he had never managed to, or even tried to, convert his son, and I, for my part, was quite happy with this lack of paternal attention. I had my buildings and my books and my memories. And I had my tiger’s eye. Still in my pocket after all these years.
“No, Nachiketa,” she said—as if reading my doubts—and reached across the table for my hand, which I gave her. She took it and then brought her other hand over to cover mine. I felt as if my hand was immersed in cloud. The feeling almost made me laugh.
“No, Nachiketa,” she said again, “It is true. You should know that. You have met Esh and you have spoken to Trolls and you know Attra. Of course it is true.”
“Of course,” I said before I believed it.
“Don’t you patronize me,” she said, with an edge, and I immediately realized my mistake. She was focused on me, and saw through me.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean it that way.”
“Think before you talk. There is time to. There is always time to.”
“Yes,” I said.
“Perhaps,” she suggested, “you’ve been swallowed by London and by your buildings as your mother has been swallowed by her own myth. As your father has been swallowed by far too much thinking.”
I didn’t understand and said so.
“I am about to leave,” she said. “And I am a little happy. And I am a little afraid. But I am facing it with open eyes. You have spent your life in London. Jiddu has spent his life hopping round the world like a cricket, never resting, always talking, always thinking, always complicating things. You haven’t complicated things enough.”
She saw that I still did not follow. She still held my hand in hers. They were cool and warm at the same time. Light but filled with touch.
“When I leave, these will cease.” She squeezed my hand in hers to indicate that she meant her hands. “My lungs will stop breathing, and the eyes you see now will stop seeing you. I will no longer occupy this head, I will no longer look out these doors.”
I realized she meant her eyes, and nodded. Yes, I understood.
“All this will crumble and return to the Earth.” She paused, but did not let go of my hand. “This,” another light squeeze, “is not me. Not at all.”
“Attra,” I said, remembering his visit when he left Harriet in New York, and wondering how I could have forgotten. Madhuri, who seemed to know exactly what I meant by my one-word reply, nodded and smiled.
“Yes, like Attra.”
“I have thought about these things,” I said, “but not so much recently. One forgets. One works and reads and designs buildings, and one forgets.”
“One does,” she said.
I scrutinized her quickly and saw that she was not making fun of me and my strange choice of pronoun. “I’ve been busy living,” I said, and it sounded so much like an excuse that I had to smile.
“Time perhaps,” she said, “to get busy dying.”
When I said nothing, she went on, but not before letting go of my hand and pouring us more tea, remarking, much to herself, that it was probably cold by now.
“I am an old woman, and I have had a lot of time on my hands. I am also a lucky old woman, for Jiddu has always made sure that I’ve never wanted for anything, and so have you, Nachiketa.”
She patted my hand, but did not take it again.
“I have had many years to think about this life, and why we live it, and I have come to the conclusion that we live it in order to learn how to die. From the moment we are born, we should study the art of dying.
“Your father, I believe, was lucky. At least that’s what he told me once. ‘I don’t remember studying or meditating or speculating or much of anything of the sort my last life,’ he once told me. ‘I simply grew old and died and found you and the boy you had carried to term. When you gave birth, I took possession, and that was that,’ he said, and laughed.”
“Why lucky?” I asked.
“I think, and so does Jiddu, there is a great labyrinth awaiting us on the other side of this door,” she said. “When we die, when we leave our bodies, I think we must enter this labyrinth and then suffer whatever consequences that follow.”
“And Jiddu?”
“Jiddu never entered it. Either by skill and design, which he denies, or they simply forgot about him.”
“They?”
“Yes, that’s what he said once.”
“Guards? By the labyrinth?”
“Guards, yes, perhaps. But not to keep people from entering. Guards to make sure they do.” Then she stood up, slowly. “Let me make some more tea.”
“I’ll do it,” I said. “You stay.”
“Too late,” she answered. “I’m already up.”
She brewed us some more tea and I watched her move by the stove. Slowly, and I am sure with some pain, but with the certainty of motion that comes with many years of repetition. It was like a dance, precise but slowed. She did not look back. Once she began it, the dance took over and ran its course. When done, she brought the pot back to the Acre and sat down. Again, with an effort.
“Are you sure it does not hurt?”
“Do I complain?”
“So it hurts.”
“A little.”
“Are you getting any medication, for the pain?”
“I am convinced that this is a time you need to be awake, all here. Not shackled by morphine. I am willing to pay whatever price.”
Although her words arrived quietly, they came one by one and with a fierce determination. Madhuri, I realized, intended to die properly.
We finished the tea. I had a few biscuits to go along with it, and once we were done, the journey caught up with me and I was overcome with sleep. Still I fought to stay awake: the last thing I wanted was to have something happen to Madhuri while I was sleeping.
She noticed my drooping eyelids, my slumping in the chair, and, all brightness, she drew the correct conclusion.
“Don’t worry, Nachiketa,” she said. “I won’t go anywhere. Please go to sleep now. I will rest too, and then, in the morning we’ll talk some more.”
“Are you sure?” I asked, unnecessarily.
“Yes,” she said.
I believe I managed to undress and get in between the sheets before I fell asleep, but barely. I slept deeply and well. Glad to be home, and breathing familiar air, my body rested well.

:

The weight on my chest threw me back about half a century. I was sleeping on my back, as I am wont to do, when, rising to the surface, I gradually grew aware of the curled heaviness that made me strain a little for air. I came all the way to and opened my eyes to meet the yellow and curious ones of an all-black cobra head.
“Attra,” I said in snake talk, certain.
“I thought you would sleep forever,” he said.
“You’re heavy.”
“A little bigger this time. Stronger,” he added.
Then I remembered why I was here. “Madhuri?” I asked.
“Still sleeping. She is fine,” he said.
“You know she is leaving?”
“Yes.”
I shifted a little to ease the pressure on my lungs. He was definitely heavier than he used to be. He noticed my little struggle and slid halfway down my sides, redistributing himself to ease my breathing. “Thanks,” I said.
“Where have you been?” I asked. “I wasn’t sure I would see you again.”
“I have been with Esh,” he said.
A strange thought surfaced, and it slipped out before I could catch it. “Are you sure,” I said, “that you are not Esh?”
Attra laughed at that, quite amused. “Oh, yes, perfectly.”
I knew his answer to be true.
“But I’m flattered,” he added.
“It was just a thought,” I said. “How is he?”
“As silvery and as gray as ever, and older still.”
“How old, now?”
“Very.”
I did not ask further. “And Athansor?”
“He is older too.”
“Who rides him now?”
“No one has ridden Athansor for many years,” he said.
A movement by the door made us both look in that direction.
“Ah,” said Madhuri, “You’ve come.”
“Yes,” said Attra, and slid down from my chest—much to the delight of my lungs, which suddenly almost bounced with air.
“Esh would have come too,” he said, “but we would not let him. He is quite frail.”
Esh, Madhuri, Jiddu, all frail, I thought. And probably Harriet too.
“How is he?” she wanted to know.
“Preparing as well,” Attra said.
“Same as me,” she answered.
“Same as you.”
Madhuri moved for the kitchen and Attra followed. I got out of bed and made ready for the day.
When I arrived in the kitchen, I found Madhuri in the midst of making my favorite breakfast: wonderful crispy dosas filled with a sweet chutney. I knew she must have spent quite some time earlier preparing the batter—as always, grinding the rice and dal by hand, which took time—because she was by now frying them and the kitchen was filling with the familiar smell. I had offered once, a few years back, to buy her an electric grinder for the chore, but she had just scoffed at the idea, mumbling something about laziness.
Suddenly I was struck with grief as it dawned on me that this was the last meal she would cook for me. She heard me coming and turned around to see my face, the kitchen swimming in my eyes.
She noticed, I’m sure, but made no comment. Instead she returned to her chore: frying dosas is not a simple task, you need to pay attention. She would deal with me later, her back told me, while she worked her tawa, her sharpest spatula, and the batter with precise and practices movements.
“Sit, Nachiketa,” she said without looking back.
I looked around, but did not see Attra.
“Where did Attra go?” I said.
“He will be back,” she answered. “Sit, please. Your breakfast is almost ready.”
I sat down and watched her pour the thick, fermented batter in a small spiral from center to edge, hand steady, attention sharp. I heard the batter sizzle in the oil and knew that the edges would be as crisp as ever. She knew they were my favorite part and made sure, as always. Again, tears blurred my vision and I wiped my eyes with my shirt sleeve.
Then the first dosa arrived.
“Eat,” she said, like she always said. That simple word. And a long parade of mornings, waiting for her to serve me dosas, crowded me and it was time for my shirt sleeve again.
I found her looking at me curiously, not smiling, but with affection. “It’s not as bad as all that,” she said. “Really. Eat.”
And I did, savoring every bite despite the sadness beneath, the loss to come. She said nothing, simply served me and watched me eat.
“You’re not eating?” I said, well in to my second dosa.
She shook her head. “I’m not hungry.”
She prepared my third, spreading the chutney in a thick sheet, then folding it. “Here.”
Then she straightened, slowly and again with difficulty. Without a word, she left the kitchen but returned shortly. “Be sure to return this to her,” she said and placed the necklace on the table between us.
At first I did not recognize it. No, that’s not right, I did recognize it, but I could not reconcile it with the surroundings. It simply should not be there. It glittered and almost looked like it was breathing.
“This is her present,” I said finally.
“I know,” Madhuri answered.
“Why?” I said. “How?”
Madhuri took a deep breath. “I know how, but I’m not sure why,” she said.
When I said nothing, still staring at the gift the troll queen had hung around Harriet’s neck, she said, “I found it in my pocket when I returned from New York.”
 “But,” I said, “that was over, God,” I had to think, “twenty and some years ago.”
She nodded.
“You never told me.”
“Nor her,” she said.
“Why?”
“Why?” she repeated, “Well, that is the question, isn’t it?” She looked a little uncomfortable, but I knew from her face that she had settled that question to her satisfaction a long time ago. “It didn’t want me to,” she said.
Before I spoke, I recalled Harriet’s losing it, then finding it again when it wanted to be found, and I nodded slowly. Yes, I thought, or said, Yes, that could well be.
“That is the best way to describe it,” she added. “The only way to describe it.”
“It does have a will of its own,” I said.
“Yes.”
“And now?” I asked.
“It’s time to return it.”
“She’s never mentioned it,” I said. “Then again, we have not spoken for a long time.”
“Maybe she doesn’t even remember it,” said Madhuri.
“I think she remembers,” I said. “But I don’t think she believes her memories.”
She reached for it and held it up to the light. “I think you’re right,” she said. “She never did believe. She knew but didn’t know.”
She turned the necklace to the table, slowly, letting the colors mix and flash as the sunlight struck it. “This necklace is older than you can imagine,” she said. “They made it here in India, then brought it with them when they traveled north.”
“How can you tell?” I asked.
“I couldn’t,” she answered. “Esh told me.”
I waited for more, but she didn’t elaborate. Then I looked at the necklace again, still swirling in the sun, happy, it seemed, at the prospect of seeing Harriet again, or to see me again, it was hard to tell. All these years, I thought. All these years, and she had said nothing about missing it. Maybe it was never quite real to her. Perhaps none of it was real to her.
I patted my pocket, as I often did, to feel my tiger’s-eye pat me back, and there it was, reminding me that yes, indeed, as always: it had all happened. It was all true. My private reassurance that there is so much more. So much more.
And then Esh arrived.
There was no way of telling it was Esh at first. What arrived, or who arrived, was Lord Krishna. That was my first impression, and I’ve learned to go with them, my first impressions. What arrives unbidden and uncensored is usually right, and this was unusually right.
My second impression was that Jiddu had come to sit at the table, but a younger Jiddu, in his mid-twenties, but it wasn’t he. While the hair and skin spoke of him, the features and the eyes spoke of Lord Krishna. And Jiddu had never met Attra and Attra would never consent to be held by anyone he didn’t know and respect.
My third impression was that the necklace’s rightful owner had come to claim it, for if the necklace had seemed happy to see me, or at the thought of seeing Harriet, it was downright delighted at seeing our guest.
It was only when he spoke that I recognized him as Esh.
But then again, hadn’t Madhuri implied, or said outright, that Esh was Athansor was Krishna? I seemed to remember that.
There was a fourth impression, but it was quickly dispelled by Esh himself. It was less an impression than a brief revulsion: at myself, at my life to that point. It was as if a sudden comparison was forced upon me: a life in the light versus a life in London. Held up for inspection: my life, what it could have been, perhaps should have been, and what in fact it had been. This fourth impression was so strong that I nearly acted upon it and removed myself as not worthy. That’s when Esh dispelled it.
“It has served a purpose,” he said.
Madhuri looked a little puzzled at these words, not knowing that they were meant for me, but when she saw me smile, I think she understood.
“Thank you,” I said.
“You’ve done well,” he said, “circuitously.”
“Circuitously,” I repeated. “Yes, that’s a fitting word.”
I glanced back at over fifty years of stumbling through life putting bricks together, when I could have . . . . When I could have what? I always wanted to build things. And was not architecture revered even in the Mahabharata? Was I so terribly wrong?
“Circuitously,” said Esh again, “but right. For you.”
I saw him watch my pictures as I thought them and realized I thought them. And at that moment, for that one moment, I gained the power to not think them. To dispel all pictures, all thought. They left, and in their wake left amazing stillness. Not stillness as absence of motion, but a stillness being stillness, a thing real unto its own. I felt like a calm forest lake, deep and cool, reflecting the world, or able to, but for now reflecting nothing, just water, clear and deep and still.
Krishna smiled. It must have been his doing.
“Are you ready?” he asked, I’m not sure of whom. Madhuri said yes, without hesitation, and I said yes, with hesitation, because I did not know what I was ready for.
That question was meant for my grandmother, however, who now performed a curious dance. She doused the fire in the stove, cleared the table, washed my plate, the tawa, the spatula, and the batter bowl. Then she came over and kissed my eyes and my forehead without a word: no words were needed. It was as if she, the real Madhuri, took a short swim in the lake that was me, and I knew this was goodbye. She spoke to Attra, who slid down from Krishna’s knee to follow her.
Then, without looking back, she left the kitchen for her room, where they found her body the same evening, smiling still.
I rose to follow as well, but Esh lifted his hand to bid me remain, saying with two fingers held softly together that I need not worry, Attra would accompany her. She would be just fine.
Accompany her?
Yes.
He then reached for the necklace on the table, which almost jumped into his hand, shining now with its own light at being home again. No, there had been no almost about that, it did jump.
He then handed me the sparkling joy, which seemed not a little disappointed at changing hands to mine. I smiled when I didn’t feel offended by this although I should have been, would have been, had I been anything but water.
“Give this back to her,” he said. “She does not know it, but she is still looking for this.”
“Why did it leave her?” I wanted to know.
“She was not ready for it,” he answered.
“And she is ready now?” I asked.
“Yes,” he said. “I believe she is.”
Krishna then became Athansor and beckoned me to mount. I took a last look at the kitchen, at the door to the hallway leading to my room, and Madhuri’s. At the life I had led as a child. Then I put the necklace in my pocket and pulled myself up onto the large white back.
Three steps saw us leave the kitchen and Madhuri’s house, and not so many more saw us enter the sloping meadow of the Swiss summer. Athansor stopped by an old wooden gate and looked in the direction of the village below. About fifty yards down a path, on a small bench, dressed for autumn in the summer warmth, sat my mother, alone and quite desolate.
I slipped off of his back and down to the green and fragrant ground. Athansor looked at me, but said nothing, then trotted off down the meadow, tail whisking happily behind him, and then he was gone. I walked over to where she sat.


::Harriet::

Klosters Platz, or Klosters, is a small Swiss Alpine village not all that far from the Austrian border in the canton of Graubünden. It is surrounded by four- and five-thousand-foot hills—well, that’s what the locals call them, I’d call them mountains—and nestled among them lie her other villages: Klosters Dorf, Wolfgang, Davos, Flüela. She visited them all each summer.
Monstein, perhaps thirteen miles away to the southwest from Klosters Platz, was probably her favorite spot on earth, at least outside of Sweden.
This is the country where Harriet spent her summers and had spent them for the last thirty-some years. She felt at home here and used to say that it felt like a bit of Sweden to her. Even the coat of arms of Graubünden reminded her of the Swedish flag, all blues and yellows.
Here were the footpaths and Alpine trails she had explored, often by herself, and for as long.
The beauty of the place was uncontestable. The air was as clear and still as the lake I remained within. The grass seemed as green and fresh as when it first appeared from under the melting snow in the spring. Swallows darted about, happy now that their nestlings, turned fledglings, turned swallows, had finally mastered the art of flight. Now there was time again to rollick, at least swallow-wise, which from what I could make out meant darting in and out of spaces proclaimed and respected by lasting or short-lived swallow-agreements. There seemed to be some sort of chase going on and if wings could laugh, these wings were laughing.
I almost laughed with them as my eyes pursued their jest, and for a moment even forgot my mission. Then I looked down again, and remembered: the woman on her bench, now not more than twenty yards away. She wore a brown overcoat, collar turned up against a nonexistent wind. Her head was covered by a grey and yellow scarf, tied under her chin. She wore sunglasses, which did not leave much of her face exposed.
She sat like something discarded, not moving. Looking at God knows what, if indeed looking at all.
She was used to her privacy. The locals knew who she was and—and, with a healthy helping of that famous Swiss respect for just privacy that forms that country’s financial foundation, always left her alone. So she needn’t look up and see who was approaching. She was safe here. Whoever it was would walk on and not bother her.
I left the swallows to their dance and covered the remaining steps to her bench, and sat down beside her.
She still did not look at me. Perhaps she did not realize I had actually stopped, actually sat down, that she was actually about to be bothered. A quiet outrage perhaps, I don’t know, but she didn’t shift her posture, didn’t move her eyes from the spot of ground she seemed to be contemplating.
I took out the necklace and said, “I believe this is yours.”
She let go of the ground then and looked at me. I almost betrayed my shock at seeing her age, its mark on her, its ravaging.
I believe she knew me right away. Still, many heartbeats passed before she spoke or made any sign of recognition. She studied my face as if trying to recall where she might have last seen it: so oddly familiar. Then she looked down at the necklace in my hand, glinting—a shy sparkling, but unafraid. Not really happy to see her, but curious. Harriet seemed stunned at seeing it, perhaps not believing her eyes.
Her right arm, held loosely captive by her thick, brown coat, seemed suddenly too heavy for her to move. It took an attempt or two before her gloved hand finally began to make its way for the necklace, but then it faltered and fell into her lap.
She looked back up and into my face. Her hand stirred again and now reached for my cheek. Touched it, or almost touched it. The touch was so gentle as to be almost: I am not sure glove ever made contact with skin. Sufficient for her though. She withdrew her hand and looked out over the surrounding mountains, my presence confirmed to her satisfaction.
“It is beautiful, is it not?” she said.
I followed her gaze, up the slopes, through the climbing pines and onto the bald peaks, green and brown and sometimes black and gray where the rock poked through. Behind them, nothing but sky. Clear, light, and blue. Yes, there was no denying the beauty.
“Yes,” I said.
Then we sat there, looking straight ahead and up and beyond for minutes. I was a still enough lake to sense her gladness, a silent joy seeping through her many coats and rippling my water, curving it into small currents and eddies.
“I am sorry I haven’t called or written,” she said. Very clearly. Wanting to be heard.
I knew it took her a remarkable effort to say this, so great in fact, that I absolved her. When I didn’t answer, she asked, “How did you find me?”
“Athansor,” I answered.
She froze where she sat. Inside: she froze inside. Her posture did not change, she did not move, but she came to a near-absolute stillness within and what played on the surface of my waters now was fear. Her fear, chasing her happy little eddies away.
“There is no such thing,” she said. “That horse does not exist.”
“Then I am not here,” I said.
She removed her sunglasses and turned to study my face. Again, I had to suppress pulling back ever so slightly at seeing her unmasked. Age, scarring even deeper in and around her eyes. My waters helped. I held my equilibrium, I did not flinch, only looked and wondered at the subtle destruction.
“But you are,” she said.
“Then he does,” I said.
Many buildings crumbled inside her. Many defenses, piled upon older ramparts and shored by years of refusal. I could tell, for as they came down other ripples played my water, engendered other currents, terrified and naked.
“Here,” I said, and handed the necklace to her. She hesitated, then took it. For a moment she held it in both hands, weighing slowly, up and down, making sure it had substance. Then she closed her right hand around it and brought it to her pocket. She looked back up at the mountains, or the sky beyond, and remained quiet, fighting the demolition within.
But my mother was nothing if not strong, and suddenly she took charge as if demanding that the universe cease and desist all this nonsense, at least her own universe, for she sat up straight, put her sunglasses back on, and looked at me again.
“Time for lunch,” she said. “Are you hungry?”
“Yes,” I said quite truthfully, for I was starving, my recent breakfast seemingly days past.
“Come, then. Give me your arm.”
I did, and we began walking towards the village.
“And the necklace . . . ,” she said, but did not continue. Maybe she didn’t realize that she had said it aloud.

:

She stayed at the Hotel Pardenn, and when we arrived she asked the front desk if she could speak to the owner, a Ms. Graessli. In just a few moments a cheerful, plump, gray-haired lady appeared from behind the front desk. “Ma’am?”
“My friend needs a room,” said Harriet.
This, I could clearly see, was not good news to Ms. Graessli. The hotel was a popular one, and this was high season for those who could afford to shed the world for a while.
Kudos to her, though. It took her only a second or two to respond, quite cheerfully, “I shall see what we can do,” in that way that means: of course, consider it done. A brief conference with the front desk clerk over the register ensued, then she said, “I have room 411 available.”
“Wonderful,” said Harriet. Then turned to me, “It’s next to mine. Hemingway used to stay there,” she added under her breath.
To this day I don’t know how much shuffling took place behind the scenes at the Hotel Pardenn that afternoon to make this room available to me, and on what amounts to absolutely no notice; but I put it down to the amazing efficiency of the Swiss, and to Harriet’s long-term patronage of the hotel.
“Your luggage, sir?” It was the bellboy, suddenly materialized beside us.
“None,” I said.
The bell boy frowned at my making no sense whatsoever, but his face quickly assumed neutrality, “Of course,” he said and dematerialized.
“Sir.” It was the front desk.
“Sir.” A little louder, and then I realized she was addressing me. I turned and walked over to the smiling woman, girl, young woman, it was hard to tell her age.
“If you would sign here,” she said. “And, your passport please.”
I patted my coat pocket and was pleased to feel both my wallet and passport inside. I signed, and handed her my blue English passport. “And if you have a credit card,” she added. “For any incidentals.”
“Nonsense,” said Ms. Graessli, who oversaw the proceedings. “Not needed,” she said, looking at me.
“No, no, that’s fine,” I said.
Harriet arrived. “Not needed,” she said too, and I felt quite outnumbered.
The elevator looked old but was new, or very well maintained. Where, by the looks of it, it should have squeaked and rattled its way up to the fourth floor, it silently levitated us floor by silent floor in a strange, almost anachronistic sweep. Harriet led me out of the elevator and down the hall. “This is mine,” she said and pointed to room 410. “I always get this room. Yours is here.” We walked past her door and down to the next, also white, also numbered with finely wrought gold-plated digits: 411. “All yours,” she said and produced the key—which I had forgotten to ask for.
It was a large, bright room, and if anyone had just been evacuated to make room for me—which I am positive must have been the case—there was no trace of him or her or of any flurry of activity to ready the room in what could have been no more than ten minutes. As I said, to this day I don’t know what took place, or how they did it. An amazing mixture that, Harriet and the Swiss.
“You freshen up,” she said. “I’ll come for you in a few minutes.”
I found a toothbrush and paste in the bathroom, then washed my face and combed my hair. A tired face looked back at me from the bathroom mirror, hair definitely graying, thinning, eyebrows bushing up a bit, going slightly wild, taking on identities of their own. But still, all in all, unmistakably me. Then I thought of Madhuri. Gone by now, I was sure of it. I was glad that Attra had accompanied her. I wondered what she would do next.
A soft knock on the door: perfunctory, for she then opened it right away and stepped inside. She wore the necklace. Sparkling against the black of her blouse. Quite happily.

:

“Nachiketa,” she began halfway through lunch—we shared a large, delicious salad. Then she said nothing for so long I thought perhaps I had heard my name in error.
Then she placed her knife and fork by the side of her plate, almost ceremoniously, swallowed, then cleared her throat, and looked at me again. “Nachiketa.”
“Yes?”
She shook her head. “I don’t even know where to start,” she said. “It’s been such a long time. So much time. So many things.”
“I know,” I said.
“I never wrote.”
“I know,” I said again.
“And I never called you. Although you asked me to.”
I didn’t answer.
“I didn’t want to,” she said.
When I looked at her, a bit perplexed, she seemed to realize what she had just said.
“I didn’t mean it that way,” she added. “Or, well, there’s more to that.”
I looked at her, waiting.
“Doctor Franzen,” she began anew. Then stopped, her thread lost, it seemed. She picked up her fork and took another bite of salad. I did the same, still waiting.
“I told George about you.”
“Schlee,” I said.
It must have sounded like a question, for she looked at me: could there possibly be another George? “Yes,” she said.
“I know,” I said. “You told me in a letter.”
I could tell by her face that she didn’t remember. “He didn’t believe me.”
“You mentioned that, too.”
“I told him everything,” she said. “Everything.”
I saw where this was going.
“Trolls,” I said, mostly to myself.
“And Esh,” she added.
I nodded.
“He wouldn’t have any of it.”
“But he believed you had a son.” It was a statement. I remembered the letter quite clearly.
“Well, yes, he believed that. It’s hard for a woman to make up a pregnancy from whole cloth, you can verify such things, but not trolls, or talking snakes.”
“Or dead organists,” I added.
She nodded, absently. By her eyes she was still in the past talking to George Schlee, trying to make him believe her.
“What did he say?” I wondered.
“He said, well, he said,” she said. Then fell silent again. She looked at my face as if searching for clues there. Her eyes looked slightly filmed in the clear light of the dining room. She looked her age, and still, so young, vulnerable almost. “Well, the long and the short of it was that in the end he pretty much insisted that I see Doctor Franzen.”
“And he was a shrink, I take it,” I said, or asked rather.
She recoiled a little at the word. “A doctor,” she said.
“A regular doctor?”
“Well, no, for the head,” she admitted.
“And you did?”
“Yes.”
“You mentioned in your letter that he, your friend George, had suggested that you seek professional help, but you said you’d have nothing to do with that.”
“I said that?”
“Yes.”
“George insisted. In the end, George insisted.”
“So you saw him, the doctor.”
She picked at her salad a little more, as if not knowing exactly how to continue. Then she seemed to catch the eluding thought.
“Yes, I saw him. His name was Doctor Franzen. A nice man, but he was not very good at listening. I had to tell him to stop interrupting several times. But in the end I got everything said.”
“When was this?” I asked.
“Oh, Nachiketa, I don’t remember. Probably the autumn of ’sixty-two.”
“And what did he say?”
“Oh, he was dying to say it, I could tell, but I wouldn’t let him until I was quite finished, all the way to Attra leaving.”
“And?”
“And, then he congratulated me on the most active and vivid fantasy he had ever observed in an adult. Those were his words.”
“Oh, dear,” I said.
“And like George, he said that he believed that you existed. He even said he could understand why I wanted to keep you a secret. But as for the rest. Pearly Soames and your beheading. Snakes talking. Trolls. And our hike to Esh. He shook his head a little sadly and patted my hand. ‘Dear Ms. Brown,’ he said. ‘This is going to take a while.’ What is, I wanted to know. ‘You,’ he said. ‘Getting you back to reality.’” She fell silent again.
“What did you say?” I asked.
“Well, what could I say? He was the expert.”
“But you knew.”
“Yes, I knew. And I didn’t.”
“What to you mean, you didn’t?”
“I mean, he was right. It is true that I always have had a very vivid fantasy, or imagination, ever since I was a child. I have always been able to see anything I made up, anything I dreamed, almost as clearly as the room where I was. Sometimes even clearer.”
“But you knew,” I said again. It sounded a little like an accusation to my ears, but apparently not to hers, for she didn’t take any offense.
“I knew,” she said. “Yes, on one level I knew. But on another level, just next door, it was all a fantasy.”
“But I was there with you. All the time.”
“I could have dreamed you too,” she said.
“But you didn’t,” I said.
“And that is what I told him,” she answered. “But he didn’t believe me.”
“You could have called me. I could have corroborated everything.”
“I even suggested that, but he said that you would probably say anything to help me.”
“There is some truth to that,” I said.
“Besides,” she said. “This was something I had to sort out for myself, without involving other people.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” I said. “If other people could verify what you said.”
“I know,” she said. “But by this time he sounded so convinced, and so damned reasonable, that I began to doubt myself. What if, yes, what if it had all been a dream?”
“Claire,” I said as the thought occurred to me. “She could have told him about Attra and Madhuri and what was her name, the monkey?”
“Manini,” she answered without hesitation.
“Yes, Manini.”
“I was a strange enough woman already in her eyes. Besides, Claire never saw me speak to Attra, or heard Manini talk. As far as she was concerned, your mother was visiting, and she had brought a snake and a monkey. Well, you and I brought Attra,” she corrected herself.
“Athansor brought us all,” I suggested.
“Claire never saw that.”
“That is true,” I had to agree.
“That’s when I thought about the necklace,” she said.
I looked at the shimmering stone, sparkling in the sunlight. Content to rest on her chest.
“Which you could no longer find,” I said, suddenly certain.
“But I couldn’t find it,” she said as if she had not heard me.
“It was back in India with Madhuri,” I said.
“I looked everywhere. Claire and I tore that apartment apart. Every nook and cranny. Every cupboard and closet. Every shoe, every pocket, every box, bag, even behind all my books. We did that twice.”
“It was back in India with Madhuri,” I said again.
She nodded as her hand reached for and touched the stone. “And that proved it,” she said. “That’s what the doctor said, it proved it. It was all my overactive imagination. He had some long word for it that I still to this day do not remember.”
“They’re good at that,” I said.
Which she didn’t understand, so I added, “These doctors are good at putting labels on things they don’t understand. Long words to mask every kind of condition.”
“Well, yes, it was long all right. And I was suffering from it. Acutely.”
I shook my head slowly, and looked at the remains of my salad. I noticed I still had the fork in my hand. “What did he do?”
“Well, first I did something that I probably should not have done.”
“What?”
“It occurred to me that I knew snake talk, and that would prove it. That I hadn’t made it all up.”
I shuddered a little, knowing what snake talk would sound like to someone who does not know it. “So you spoke it?”
“Yes.”
“And I take it that did not convince him.” Another statement.
“Not a bit. He just made some more notes in the black stenographer’s book that he was so very fond of, and smiled and nodded to himself, ah, interesting, interesting, and suddenly I knew that, God, I should have shut up.”
I had to smile, despite myself. “I agree, that was probably not an inspired move.”
“If I wasn’t a complete lunatic in his eyes before that,” she said. “I was now.”
I nodded.
“I had apparently confirmed his theory or diagnosis perfectly.”
“But you did know snake talk,” I said. “That was something you could cling to.”
“Did I?” She answered. “Who was there to know they meant anything, those little grunts and hisses?”
Grunts and hisses, yes, well put. I nodded again, that I understood and agreed. “Then what happened?”
“He prescribed me a medicine.”
“Which you took?”
“Yes,” she said. “Yes. George insisted. And we had weekly sessions for the next few years.”
“Few years?” I said, unable to mask my surprise.
“It was a serious condition,” she said. “It took a lot to sort it out.”
“And did you sort it out?”
“Yes,” she said. “With the help of the medicine.”
“But you knew,” I said again. “Surely, in your heart you knew?”
“Did I?” she said. “Did I really? And there was no necklace. It was gone.”
“How long did you take the medicine?”
“Years. I don’t remember. Five or six.”
I shook my head again. “You wrote me in November of sixty-three,” I said. “Your last letter. It was very empty. Didn’t really say anything.”
“It was doctor’s orders,” she said.
When she saw that I didn’t follow, she added, “He told me to leave my adventures alone, as he put it. To just write about who I’ve seen and what I’ve been doing. Not to mention that other thing.”
“That other thing,” I echoed.
“My condition.”
“Your condition?”
“Yes, I was still undergoing treatment. Again, those were his words.”
When I didn’t answer, she fell silent too. The waiter, observing our mutual silence, appeared by the table and asked if we wanted more coffee. We both looked up at him from our respective musings, both a little surprised I imagine, and we said, almost in unison, “Yes, please.” Then we looked at each other and smiled.
We said nothing until he had poured the coffee, which smelled very, very good.
“Then George died,” she said, as if thinking out loud while stirring her coffee. “And I believe Doctor Franzen understood that I really loved George. Losing him was a tragedy for me,” she added and looked up at me. “He listened to me, my stories about George, and I really felt that he understood. He helped me a lot that winter, he helped me get over it. He also wrote me out some other pills that cheered me up a little but gave me constipation.”
“Why didn’t you call me?” I asked. “Or write at least.”
“I wanted to forget,” she said.
“Me?”
“Yes.”
“But why?”
“It was so much easier that way. The puzzle was so much easier without you, the pieces were all of the same kind. I remember you talking about the puzzle, about different puzzles. And at that time, you and our adventures, were pieces that didn’t fit my puzzle anymore. The pieces that made it impossible to complete. So it was much easier to forget. Or try to.”
“And you did? Forget me?”
“The pills helped,” she said, a little defensively. Then, all Harriet again, “Let’s go,” she said. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.”


::Death::

She asked Ms. Graessli to call for a taxi, and it arrived astonishingly soon.
“Monstein, bitte,” said Harriet to the driver, who had actually stepped out of the car to close the door behind us. Not New York or London, this.
“If I were a girl again,” she said once we were under way, “I would not wish for stardom. Instead I would wish for a nice, young farmer in one of these villages, and I would spend my days mending his socks and milking our cows. But,” she added, “it’s too late for those wishes, or to unwish my face.”
The village of Monstein was not much. A hundred cottages, at most, and a white church, with a tall, very sharp, heaven-pointing steeple, all clinging to the side of the mountain. The surroundings, however, were simply wonderful. You might as well have been on the moon, it felt so unearthly, so removed from London, or New York.
We stepped out and Harriet took a deep breath and belted herself on her chest a few times, a little like Tarzan, as if to make sure the air would go all the way down. Then she looked at me and smiled. “My spiritual home,” she said.
She told the taxi driver to wait for us and took my arm.
We walked in silence for a few minutes while I took the scenery in, and while she, apparently, returned in time. There was more to tell me. In retrospect I see that she really wanted me to understand.
But then, as we walked, I thought she had closed that chapter, at least for now, so it was out of nowhere that she began.
“When I told Doctor Franzen about the horse, Athansor, and the snowstorm that Christmas morning, he didn’t say much, just nodded and took notes. I asked him if he thought I was crazy, but he just shook his head and smiled and asked me to go on.
“It was when I mentioned the trolls that he seemed to have had enough. ‘You have vivid dreams, Ms. Brown,’ he said to me. ‘Dreams,’ I said. ‘They’re not dreams.’ And then I remembered the necklace. ‘I can prove it,’ I said. ‘Really?’ he answered in that you-know voice that doctors seem to be blessed with. ‘Yes, really,’ I said. ‘The necklace they gave me, I can go get it right now.’ ‘No need to rush,’ he said. ‘Just bring it next time.’ Then he closed his notebook and said that the session was over.
“But it was gone. I nearly demolished my apartment looking for it. But there was no necklace. Can you understand, Nachiketa? We did that twice. Don’t you see?”
“Yes,” I said.
“It was so completely gone, gone with such vengeance, that it must have never existed. And you realize what that meant,” she said, looking at me over the rim of her sunglasses. “It meant I had in fact dreamed everything. And then, and you have to forgive me if I went a little crazy, all I could think about was where had the real world ended and the dream world started. Had I in fact been made with child in 1927, and had I given birth in 1928? Had I seen you aboard the Christina, or was that part of the dream too? Surely Phantom, the horse, and that thief, I forget his name now, and his theater were dream, and that terrible snowstorm. And the trolls, well, the necklace, or the no necklace after all, proved it, didn’t it? A dream.
“But,” and at this she touched my arm, anxious that I hear and understand, “there was a voice, no, not even a voice, just a breathing, that said that the necklace did in fact still exist, it was only hiding. I had felt it around my neck, my neck told me, I had felt the stone upon my chest, my chest told me. It had left me, said the whisper, to teach me a lesson.”
We had stopped, and she still held on to my arm, as if to make sure that the extra contact provided a second channel for her words.
“And if I didn’t see the doctor for a week, and didn’t refill the prescription, then I could almost hear the necklace from somewhere far away, from wherever it had gone to. From wherever it was hiding.”
“It was with Madhuri,” I said.
“Why didn’t she tell me?” she asked. “Why didn’t she just tell me?”
“I don’t know,” I said, and that was the truth.
“But then I would see the doctor again, and of course, I could see it then, clearly, again: it had all been a dream.”
She let go of my arm and continued walking. Slowly. I caught up with her and she took my arm again.
“If I had been a farmer’s wife,” she said, looking out over the valley below, “things would make sense by now.”
“Perhaps,” I said.
“No, not perhaps,” she answered. “Definitely. If you live a whole life in clear air and in simple surroundings, working the land and milking the cows, and mending the socks, there is no room for problems. There are no movie contracts to fight over, or white horses, or dead organists.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Nachiketa,” she said. “I am an old woman. All I do is think. I think and I think and I talk to myself, and I think some more. I have imagined a simpler life, without all my stupid worries and complicated demands, and I have imagined it so deeply that I have lived it. In my room at the hotel, walking back and forth, or in my apartment in New York, or on the streets down to Greenwich Village: I have lived that life from beginning to end, simply, making butter and cheese, cooking vegetables for my husband, and having no children. Just him and me in our cottage and all that clear air. I have lived that life many times. I know it. It is simple. Don’t tell me I am not sure. Have you lived it?”
“No,” I said, and shook my head.
“There, you see,” she said. “You must not question it.”
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“No need,” she answered. “Just believe me.” It was a command. But then she added, “Please.”
My left hand found hers where it rested on my arm, and squeezed it. “I believe you,” I said. For I did.
We walked on in silence for several minutes. Somewhere down in the valley they were cutting grass and piling it up on the drying racks. I could smell it from where we walked, a sweet, simple smell, and with the movement of those men far below us, I could taste Harriet’s simpler life, just her and all those mended socks, and I believed her even more.
“I didn’t sleep last night,” she said.
She gave me a moment to reply, and when I didn’t, she amplified, “I sat on my bed all night, holding the necklace with both hands, willing it to stay, holding it, not taking my eyes off of it for a second. Keeping it.”
“I am sure it will not leave again,” I said.
“How can you know that?”
“I think it wanted to come back,” I said.
“No,” she said. “I think it’s here to teach me another lesson.”
That was something I had not considered. And she could be right for all I knew. I looked down to make sure she had not lost it again, already, and I saw it glitter now and then as the front of her coat shifted while we walked.
And as if to make sure herself, her hand went up to touch it as I watched. Then returned to her side, satisfied.
“Cecil never told anyone,” she said and for several moments I had no idea what she was talking about.
“About what?” I said.
“About you,” she said.
“About me?” I still didn’t quite get it.
“Well, Cecil Beaton. He knew about you, of course. I asked him to bring you to Greece.”
“Of course.”
“That was good of him,” she said, but added, “but he was still a weasel.”
“His books?” I said.
“He made money on them. On me.”
Which, apparently, was his biggest sin.
“But he never mentioned me,” I said.
“No.”
“So, perhaps not a very bad weasel,” I said.
“But weasel nonetheless,” she insisted.
“He’s gone,” I said. “I read it somewhere.”
“He had a bad stroke in seventy-four,” she said. “I saw him a year later, I think it was November or December, and he was a broken old man in a wheelchair. I’m glad I didn’t marry him.”
“Was he glad to see you?” I asked.
“Yes,” she answered. “He cried. I should have thanked him for never bringing you up.”
“Yes,” I said. “I think that was gallant.”
“Well, he had promised,” she said.
“And he kept his word.”
“Yes,” she said, and suddenly there were tears on her cheeks, “he kept his word.”
“Was that the last time you saw him?”
“Yes. I never saw him after that. He died a few years later. A lonely man, and me a lonely woman. But had we married we would have driven each other absolutely crazy, I’m sure of it. Besides, I think that deep down he liked boys better than girls.”
She fell silent again as we walked farther away from the village. I thought briefly about the taxi driver, still waiting. Would he still be there when we got back? And then I realized, yes, of course, she was still Harriet after all: he would wait all day and all night and all day again, if it came to that.
Her hand felt comfortable on my arm, and every now and then she increased her grip to maintain her balance. Perhaps she was getting tired.
“Should we go back?” I asked.
She only shook her head, and we continued up the slight incline on the back of this large hill.

:

Someone had had the wonderful foresight to place a bench at the head of the knoll we were ascending, just before the path veered down and right, to soon begin to climb in earnest.
And I realized that this was the place she had been aiming for, for when we caught sight of it, her pace increased and she almost ran the last few steps to the bench and sat down.
She was not out of breath, but almost. I was, too, almost, what with the altitude and the sudden exercise.
“This is my lookout spot,” she said. “See, there’s the church.”
All I could see of it was the sharp white finger pointing skyward, with the cluster of cottages to keep it company.
“What a view,” I said.
“The best in the world,” she answered.
I looked over at her and she was taking it in with her entire face, with all of her body. Clutching it to herself, it seemed.
“I have a little collection of Oskar’s psalm,” she said.
The psalm. I had not listened to it for some time. “Here?” I asked.
“No, in New York. Quite a few organists have recorded it now,” she said. “It has become famous.”
“I did not know that.”
“Yes, I have fourteen different versions of it, some better than others. Some slower and longer, some faster and shorter.”
“So you have not forgotten him?”
“Well, he existed, didn’t he? Matter of public record,” she said, almost formally.
“Yes, of course.”
“Did we meet him, that is the question?” she said, and her hand again sought the necklace and touched it before returning.
“We did,” I said, feeling the weight of the tiger’s-eye in my pocket, where I always kept it.
“You’re so certain.”
“Yes.”
“You never doubted?”
“No.”
“Never once?” She looked at me, a little amazed.
“No.”
She shook her head slowly. “That’s hard to believe.”
“I have my stone,” I said.
“Oh, yes, the tiger’s-eye,” she said. “It never ran out on you, then?”
“No, it never did.”
“No lessons to be taught,” she said. Then added, “What is wrong with me that their gift did not want to stay?” she asked.
“I honestly don’t know.”
Again, her hand found the necklace to make sure.
“You’re lucky,” she said. “You’re not famous, and your troll gifts stay put.”
I had to laugh at that, and she smiled too, amused I think by her own cleverness. “Yes, I guess I am lucky,” I said.
“I am afraid of death,” she said suddenly.

:

I had yet to reach the age where death was a thing that had to be faced, or even considered; at least not with any real degree of gravity. Of course, death is always there, waiting. That last exhaling. Someone once said that all breaths come in pairs, except the first, and the last. Every second that passes is in fact one second closer to it, sure, I knew that, analytically, conceptually. But I don’t think you actually embrace death as Death, as an ever-intensifying and now approaching reality, until you reach her age.
And I thought: how old is she? I calculated that she must be, gosh, nearly eighty. Eighty years old later that year. Only a couple of months short. Yes, I saw, then, that death would have grown into Death for her, that she could see him, not too far off. No too many corners away. Waiting. That last breath.
I didn’t answer her, for I had no idea what to say. Anything I could think of simply fell short, so for some while I watched her watching me. Until she said, as if my thoughts were in plain view of her gaze, “I guess you’re too young to worry much about that.”
“I don’t think about it,” I agreed.
“I do,” she said. “All the time.”
Then, mercifully, I did think of something to say. Attra came to me, either for real or through memory, I could not tell which, but he told me what to say, and it was right: “Snakes have a good word for it,” I said, and she looked at me, her eyes still and wide: whatever did I mean?
“Attra once told me. They have a good word for death: ‘Sensi.’ It translates to ‘the bigger sloughing,’ and that, I think, is as close to truth as words can take us.”
“Sloughing?” she asked.
“It’s what snakes do when they shed their skin for a new one.”
“Sloughing,” she said again. This time to herself. “Sloughing. The bigger sloughing.” Then she smiled. “He should know,” she said.
She seemed relieved.
“In India, we learn from the moment we’re old enough to listen, that there is really no such thing as death,” I said.
“Maya,” she said.
“Yes, Maya,” I answered. “God of Illusion.”
“But an illusion that hurts,” she added.
“I know,” I said.
“And you know, Nachiketa, if it is an illusion that hurts, or if it is life—a real life—that hurts, who cares? It doesn’t matter. The pain is pain either way. The pain is real.”
“But you don’t vanish. You don’t cease to exist,” I said. “That is at the heart of, and the lesson of, the illusion. Everyone here in the West believes that they cease to be when they die, that they cease to exist, as if they are the flesh and bone and gristle of a body and not a spirit which occupies one. The Western religions always talk of you and your soul, as if your soul is something different from, quite aside from you, and a thing over which you don’t have much control. I think what I have learned, and what I have come to believe—no, believe is not a strong enough word, what I have come know—is that I am a spirit, I don’t have one. And I—the spirit—goes on, cannot die, only thinks it dies, or will die. That is Maya.”
“It is comforting to hear you say that with such certainty,” she said.
“Well, it is true.”
“Is it?”
“I think you know it is,” I said.
“No,” she said. “I don’t know that.”
She uttered this with such sad finality that her necklace dissolved and in the same moment reappeared as a heavy impossibility in my left trouser pocket. I think we noticed the disappearance at the same time: her hand flew up to her neck for confirmation, and the next moment, she shrieked in such pained lament that I felt the hair rise on my arms.
 “It’s gone,” she said.
I brought it out, or tried to. It resisted me, made itself very heavy as I fumbled with it. Insisted on staying put. Insisted on shelter. But then acquiesced, tentatively. Was I returning it to that woman? Yes. I don’t like her neck, too turbulent. Please. All right. And it let me bring it out. I showed it to Harriet, who shrieked again, but not so loudly this time.
“At least it didn’t go very far,” I said.
“What is so wrong with me?” she said again. “Why am I so awful?”
“You are not awful,” I asserted.
“I told you it was here to teach me a lesson,” she said. “You had better keep it.”
“She gave it to you,” I said, and held it out for her to take.
“I don’t want it,” she said.
“It’s yours,” I said.
She shook her head. “I don’t want it.”
“Are you serious?” And I stressed serious to make sure she knew my question.
“No,” she said finally. “I am not serious.”
She took a deep breath which was part sigh and part gasp. “I want it more than anything. But it does not want to stay. You saw what happened.”
“Take it,” I said. And she did. I helped her clasp it around her neck again—the necklace did not fight me, but neither would it cooperate and clasp itself—and she patted it to make sure it was still there. It glittered, if a bit reluctantly, I thought.
“Do you think it’s afraid of me?” she said suddenly.
“Perhaps,” I said.
“What does it see in me that scares it?” she wondered.
“Honestly,” I answered. “I don’t know.” Then I added, “I don’t think it is scared of you. I don’t think it is scared of anything.”
Then neither of us said anything for some time. Her hand found the necklace several times, patted it softly just to make sure, then returned to her lap. She looked out at the valley below, or into the sky beyond, still as a statue, but for her necklace-visiting hand, until, at length, “We had better get back.”


::Had I the heavens’ embroidered cloths::

When I awoke the following morning, the necklace lay on my nightstand, glittering. As I am in the habit of locking hotel room doors behind me, I knew exactly how the necklace had got there, and I knew that Harriet would be distraught, frantic even, to find the fault, the flaw within her that drove the necklace away.
She did not answer her telephone, nor, initially, my knocks on her door.
“It’s me, Harriet,” I said. “It’s me.”
She finally opened the door to a room with all curtains drawn, dark and desperate. She had not slept in her bed, nor had she changed clothes from the day before. The room smelled musty, of age and of grief.
“It left my hands,” She said. “I held it and then it became air, just so much space.”
“I have it,” I said.
“I thought so,” she said. “Or that it had gone back to Madhuri.”
Then, and only then, did I realize that I had not told her about Madhuri. “No,” I said. “It would not have gone back to Madhuri.” Then, as if my emotions had to travel the non-Athansor way to catch up with me, I began to cry. Which, looking back at it now, was probably the best thing that could have happened to Harriet.
“Oh, dear,” she said, and embraced me with arms suddenly strong again. “Nachiketa, what’s the matter?”
“Madhuri . . . ,” I began.
“Gone,” she said.
“Yes.”
“And she,” said Harriet with complete matter-of-factness, “was the mother I should have been.”
And I, simply responding to truth when I heard it, said, “Yes.”
“Well,” said Harriet, all business now, determined, “I don’t know about you, but I’m starving. Have you had breakfast?”
“No,” I said.
Next she was on the phone to room service, and shortly there arrived a breakfast fit for a king and a queen, after which Harriet, as if drugged, promptly fell asleep and did not wake up until early the following morning.

:

She was at my door, her necklace, which I had left on her nightstand the day before, in plain view around her neck. “It stayed,” she said.
I was still trying to rouse myself all the way awake, gradually making out my mother in the doorway, dressed for mountaineering it seemed.
“What time is it?”
“Time for a morning walk,” she said. “I have a thermos of coffee and some sandwiches here,” and patted a large brown shoulder bag.
I looked at my watch, which said a quarter to six. “Give me five minutes,” I said.
“I’ll meet you downstairs,” she said. “I’ll be outside. It’s a wonderful day.”

Sleep had done good things for her. Color had returned to her cheeks, patted by the morning chill. “Do you want me to take that?” I asked, indicating the shoulder bag.
“Sure,” she said. “Thanks.” And handed it to me, quite heavy with breakfast-to-go, courtesy, no doubt, of Ms. Graessli.
“What did you do yesterday?” she asked. And added, “Sorry to abandon you like that.”
“Walked around a bit,” I said. “Read some. Waited for you to wake up. In vain.”
“I needed that,” she said. Then, again, “Sorry.”
The morning air was fresh with the smell of dew and almost frost. You could not help but wake up. The sun had already climbed above the hills and dew was rising into long sheets of mist in the valley below. I buttoned my jacket against the cold, and took in the vibrant day.
Harriet was waiting for me to finish, not quite impatient, but ready to get going.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“Nowhere special,” she said, and began walking. “Along the trail. I just want you to smell the morning.”
I arranged the shoulder bag for comfort and followed her.
I caught up with her, and again, as if we were an old married couple, her hand found my arm and took it.
“It stayed,” she said after a while.
I looked at her, and at the top of the necklace. “I can see.”
“I don’t know what I did differently.”
“You slept,” I suggested with a smile. I meant it as a joke.
“I’ve been up for a while,” she said, taking me seriously. “It seemed quite happy to stay.”
Then she said, “You really believe that you don’t die, when you die, don’t you? That you continue.”
“Oh, yes.”
“You know that, you said.”
“Yes.”
“How? How can you know? Do you remember dying?”
“No,” I said. “I wish I could, but I don’t.”
“How, then?”
“Attra,” I said. “After he died, and left you in New York, he stopped by in London on his way back to India.”
“Stopped by?” She said, then drew a quick breath as she remembered something. “You told me in a letter, a long time ago.”
“Yes, I did.”
“I didn’t really understand. I thought you were trying to cheer me up.”
“Well, I was.”
“No, I mean, I though you were making it up to cheer me up.”
“Oh, I wasn’t making it up.”
“Talking to you out of thin air?”
“That’s what he did.”
“The bigger sloughing?”
“He died in New York, but didn’t. Just changed skins. The bigger sloughing.” I looked over at her and now she understood.
“He really did come to me in London. Not, of course, as a body, but as a being, as a soul, a spirit, and very unmistakably Attra. I’ve known him all my life and there was no mistaking him. It was Attra.”
“And you spoke?”
“That is not the right word. First, somehow, he invited me out. Out of my body. Into a not quite light. And there we not talked, but communicated nonetheless. And there was—is—no doubt in my mind about it: I was a spirit, free of my body, communing with another spirit, free of his. And in that half-light there was no death, Harriet. Only life. No time, only being. And, oh, so wonderful.”
“You are lucky, so lucky,” she said.
“But you see, don’t you? I am not special. Neither is Attra. We are all that way. Spirits.”
“And that includes me, I suppose is what you’re saying.”
“Without a doubt.”
“You are not trying to fool an old woman, just to cheer her up?”
“No, I am not.”
We had reached another bench. Perhaps the one where I first found her. She steered me towards it. “Coffee,” she said.
We took turns drinking out of the Thermos cap, and the black, steaming coffee tasted as good to me as coffee has ever tasted. It agreed with Harriet too, who sipped and gazed and sipped some more.
Then she handed me the emptied cap, and said, addressing me, but speaking as if she was rehearsing something she was meaning to tell me later. “What I have not told you, and what you may not understand, Nachiketa, is that I have been reduced to myth. That is all I am now in the eyes of the world. That is all I have left to define me. And I have to stay myth, I have to keep it intact. The myth is me, I am the myth. Don’t you see?”
I did—the words made sense—though not completely.
“I am my pictures,” she continued, “and I have always been as hard to touch, as unattainable as any of them. I have always been beyond reach. That is the myth. I have always been secretive. That is the myth. And I cannot change that now, Nachiketa.”
She searched my face for agreement, understanding.
“I cannot own you now,” she said. “I cannot now become a mother. It would kill the myth, it would ruin my legacy.”
“Oh, dear,” I said. I’m not asking you . . .”
“I know you’re not. But soon you will wonder why not, and I am telling you. There is no longer a Harriet Brown, the person. She has ceased to exist. These fingers do not exist.” She flexed her hand. “These old eyes that like to hide behind dark sunglasses, do not exist either. They are all gone. All that adds up to Harriet Brown is gone, leaving nothing but legend in their place. Nothing but myth.”
Her eyes left my face, and she took in the sky. “That is all I am now.”
“I used to think about it,” I admitted. “I used to wonder. But I’ve come to accept it the way it is. And I do understand, I promise. I do not want to jeopardize your legacy. You are the greatest film star that ever lived. The most beautiful face that ever graced the screen. Your myth is one of beauty. I would never want to hurt that. Not for anything.”
“You mean that, don’t you?”
“Of course.”
Her hand found my upper arm and squeezed it. Then she leaned against my shoulder, almost like a beloved wife against a trusted husband’s, and she said nothing for a long time.
“How I wish my face had been a poem instead.”
I said nothing.
Then she recited, almost into my shoulder, quite effortlessly, one of Yeats’ most beautiful poems:

Had I the heavens’ embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
The blue and the dim and the dark cloths
Of night and light and the half-light,
I would spread the cloths under your feet
But I, being poor, have only my dreams,
I have spread my dreams under your feet,
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.”

“Yeats,” I said.
“Yes,” she said. “And do you know when it was written?”
“No.”
“Well, it was published in eighteen hundred and ninety-nine, which makes it eighty-six years old, six years older than I am.”
I said nothing.
“And it is still as beautiful as on the day it was born.”
My mother had just said something so true that I felt tears filling my eyes. But she did not notice, and was not done.
“But I, my art, my life, I am not a poem. I am a face, only a face. I am skin and cheekbones and eyelids ravaged by time. A face torn by conflicts, stretched by drying skin and damned by shrinking lips. And I, instead of smiling forever from behind a beautiful poem, like Yeats does, I am trapped within this prison of a skull, draped by a dying blanket of wrinkles and scars, under a wild tussock of gray hair.”
I made to protest, but she didn’t even notice.
“I’ve often thought how strange life is,” she continued. “You go along and you accept whatever is there as fact. As lasting. You put on your face and your makeup and everything and you get going.
“All of a sudden, one day, there’s a hand that comes—in my imagination, every seven or ten years or whatever—a hand that sweeps over the face and leaves behind it a different face, slightly changed, weaker. And it’s equally revolting each time.
“Still, I’ve been protecting it, caring for it, sacrificing to it, living for it. But it’s just a face, just a face, always just the face.”
“How I wish,” she added. “How I wish I could un-wish it all and become a poem instead.”
“Are you sure that you can’t?” I asked.
“How can I?”
“I don’t know,” I answered. Truthfully.
“I am a good wisher,” she said. “Esh told me. Remember?”
I nodded. “I remember.”
“I am such a damn good wisher that what I wish for comes true, and stays true. That’s the problem. That’s my curse. I’m too good at it. I remember so clearly when I was a girl in Stockholm, wishing for nothing else, nothing else. And it came true. And now I’m stuck with it.”
“Are you sure?” I said again. “Maybe you are so good that you can un-wish it.”
“No, Nachiketa, I am not that good. But,” she began and then fell silent. As if what she had thought of needed some more time to settle.
“But,” she said again, “perhaps I can free myself by killing the myth.”
“Oh, no,” I said. “Please. Don’t do that.”
“I have things to think about now,” she said, and roused herself. She stood up and began walking up the path, back toward the village; leaving me sitting with the thermos cap in hand, where I remained, for I knew that she needed to do this thinking on her own.


::Rebirth::

“She has told me.” It was Ms. Graessli who spoke, or whispered rather, from the chair next to me, where she had suddenly appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, for I had not heard her approach. The discretion of the Swiss.
Harriet had gone to bed early, still needing to think things over, she said, and I was having a cup of tea before retiring myself.
“Told you what?” I asked, but as I asked I knew, and I suddenly turned cold through and through.
“About her, and you,” she said. “Her son.”
“Oh dear,” I said. Then, with an urgency that got all of her attention: “You must promise to not mention that to anyone else, ever.”
I don’t think she much cared for my tone of voice, for she replied, “I think that  is Ms. Brown’s business, is it not? If she wants to tell.”
“Yes, it is,” I said. “You are right, it is. But it is my business too, and I do not want to see her hurt.”
“I do not want to hurt her either, of course not.”
“Then, please,” I said. “Don’t tell anyone else.” Then a thought, “Have you?”
“No.”
“Good.”
Then I explained to Ms. Graessli about the myth and what would surely happen to it if Harriet Brown suddenly had a son.
And there were other things too—things I did not explain—like what Dr. Franzen might do if Ms. Brown suddenly became front page news again. Perhaps there would be money to be made by relaxing his professional ethics just a tad.
No, nothing must be said. Not by me, nor by our excellent and well-meaning hostess, nor by Harriet herself.
Ms. Graessli listened intently as I explained why, and, praise the woman, she understood quite well, now that I put it that way. Her lips should be considered sealed, she said, and damned if I didn’t believe her.

:

The following morning I knocked on Harriet’s door several times before she answered. When she recognized my voice, she opened. She had been sleeping, that was plainly evident, and apparently well at that.
“Can I come in?”
“Yes, please.”
“You were asleep.” It was not a question.
“I fell asleep like a log last night, and for the first time in many a year, I fell all the way asleep, through thoughts and dreams and into black arms,” she said. “For the first time in many years I feel calm,” she added.
And suddenly I knew why. She had decided to do it. To kill the myth. To turn poem instead. And I wanted no part of it. Partly for her sake, but also for mine, and if anything would save the myth, that was it.
“You told Ms. Graessli,” I said.
“Yes,” she said.
“Have you told anyone else?”
“No, not yet. But I am writing a letter.”
“Harriet, please, don’t do this.”
“Nachiketa. For the first time in years, I tell you, I have slept well. I feel calm now. There is nothing left to protect. I can let go of it all. Of all my faces.”
She smiled, like a little girl: genuinely happy.
“I know, Harriet. I know. I can see what you have decided. It is the gallant, and perhaps the right thing to do. But let me say this: I want nothing to do with it. I want no fame. I don’t want to live a life like yours, hounded by cameras and reporters. I want to live my life in peace, unknown. I don’t want to be your son, officially.”
“But it is the right thing to do, Nachiketa, it feels right. The myth is just so much air. Even the necklace agrees.”
“Agrees?”
“That’s how it feels,” she said. “Finally, finally, it feels like mine. Finally, as if it were meant for me. Like it will never leave me again.”
“You are willing to kill the myth then?” I asked, knowing the answer.
“Yes,” she said. “I am willing to kill it. It will make me a person. It will make me a poem.”
“Then,” I said, and with conviction, “if you are willing to do this, you have already done it. You have become a poem. There is no need to kill it any further.”
She looked at me with suddenly awake, clear, and understanding eyes. “My God,” she said. “You are right, my son.”
And indeed, the necklace agreed.


::Leaving::

That all took place in July of 1985. I met Harriet at Klosters the next three summers, and we spent some nice, relaxing weeks together: talking, walking, even practicing a little snake talk, although she was rusty, to put it mildly. Still, she enjoyed it.
In April of 1988, much to her delight, she received Royal visitors, when the King and Queen of Sweden called on her. Oh, she was as thrilled as a little girl to tell me all about it, and I was duly impressed, naturally. “Sweden has the most beautiful Queen,” she said. “And so smart. So smart.”
I, for my part, was glad to see that the myth had stayed intact, something that Ms. Graessli confirmed. Her lips had remained, and would remain, sealed. Nothing to hurt Ms. Brown. Never.
I had taken a real liking to the large Swiss woman.
In 1989, Harriet was too frail to travel, so I visited her briefly in New York. She again told me that she was afraid of dying, and again we spoke of Attra and Athansor, and this stilled her worries. Her necklace was staying put, as she put it, and I swear her face was less wrinkled, at least to me.
In April of 1990 she was taken to the hospital, and I knew that the end was near. To protect the myth I chose not to visit her, which pained me, but it was a price I was willing to pay.
Then, on Easter Sunday, Esh came, along with Attra and Madhuri, and took me along.

It was still morning in New York, on a cold, fine spring day. The curtains in her New York Hospital room were partially closed to filter some of the light out, but even so the room felt light and airy.
She looked very peaceful as we entered, even though she was hooked up to God knows how many monitors and drips. Her necklace rested peacefully on her chest, snug as a glittering cat. Needless to say, no one saw us coming, for the spirit is invisible to the human eye.
At first she was unaware of our presence, but as we settled around her by her pillow and nudged her a little—Esh, who knew how, did the nudging—she stirred and said “What?” out aloud. A nurse just entering said, “What?” as well, but Harriet didn’t answer her, for now she had seen us.
Nachiketa, she said in a tongue not snake and not human.
Yes, it’s me.
Who is with you?
Esh, and Attra, and Madhuri.
Have you come to fetch me? She wondered.
No, I answered in the same silent tongue, I am only here to visit.
My companions, however, said nothing to contradict her, and then I realized that Harriet’s first notion was correct.
Your necklace, said Esh, it has found a home.
Slowly, her hand made its way across the light blue blanket up to her neck, where she patted the glittering stone lightly. It has forgiven me, she said.
There was never anything to forgive, said Esh. You were just too good a wisher.
Yes, she almost nodded. I am a good wisher, a very good wisher.
One of the best, said Attra, and Madhuri agreed.
You know her then, I said, a little stupidly. You’ve always known her.
Of course, said Esh. She’s quite a legend.

:

We left the hospital around 11:30 in the morning.
They dropped me off in London—if “dropped” is the right word: one moment I was regarding Harriet’s still face and chest, the next my apartment in a quiet London afternoon—Harriet telling me not to be sad, and that she would be looking out for me, and would wait for me, though she didn’t say where.
I stood up and stretched, and I was alone.
Her passing made the headlines: the end of a legend. And if you read the stories to the end, they always close with the beautiful necklace that one nurse swears evaporated into thin air the moment her heart stopped beating.


::Denouement::

I have come to terms with my Harriet-less world. And with Frau Graessli’s passing last year, I am the last to know.
I went to see the good landlady that summer of 1990, and she, bless her heart, insisted I stay in room 411. Ms. Brown would have wanted that, she said and smiled a sad, Swiss smile.
I told her that Harriet left peacefully and had asked me to say goodbye to her. Not really true, but when a lie can give such happiness, why not? The old proprietor cried a little and patted my dark, thin hand with her pale, tubby one, about as intimate a gesture as I could imagine her ever make.
For the next few summers I returned to Klosters for a week or two. Always room 411, with a little wink and that sad smile. We exchanged memories over long dinners, Frau Graessli enjoying her retirement, she said—she had turned over the day-to-day running of her hotel to one of her many nieces (“I have no children of my own, alas”), and could finally relax, she said. Which was not quite true, for I would often catch her eye following waiters and customers and maids around to make sure that their dance was properly performed and according to sacred and inviolable Swiss instructions.
I think retirement hastened her decline, however, because the last time I saw her, this was in 1996, she was quite suddenly an old woman, her hair, just a year before only speckled, now all gray, nearly white, and her stoutness had turned into obesity. She moved with difficulty, and was sad about most everything.
The following spring, when I called to reserve my room, her niece informed me that Frau Graessli had been admitted to hospital, and would probably stay there for some time. As it happened, she never left. I have not been to Klosters since.
Of course I miss Harriet. Terribly, at times. I have not heard from her in any way, but I believe her still, that she is looking out for me and is waiting for me, somewhere.
My tiger’s-eye has never left my pocket and still winks at me when I bring it out for air. I have flirted with the idea of going back to Sweden to see if I can find the trolls again, but without Athansor—and I have a feeling that he won’t show up even if I drive back to the shieling—I would never find the place. And the tiger’s-eye is enough for me: I will never forget.
The firm is mine now. Mr. Hawkes, a few months before he passed away in the late ’80s, took me aside and told me he would will his by now majority ownership in the firm to me (“I have no children, alas”). I put up less than token resistance against his plans, for I knew he loved me and saw me as a son. I just asked him to be sure there were no other relatives that he should consider. He was disowned by his family in his teens, he said. No contact since. He did not elaborate.
Well, that settled it, and when the will was made official some months later, no one appeared out of the woodwork (as so often happens nowadays) to challenge it. So the firm is mine now.
I have nevertheless insisted that it remain “Hawkes and Rand,” and will so remain even when I’m gone, which may or may not be all that far off now.
It has grown. We’re forty-odd people now, and we could be a lot larger had I had any aspirations in that direction. But I never did. I never really wanted to own or grow a business, I wanted to make buildings. To dream them and to see those dreams come true. What better way can you spend a life?
I don’t actively design them anymore, though. Only in my head, only as dreamscapes with impossibly high structures reaching miles into the still sky, like steel and glass fingers reaching for God. Impossible to build, gravity demurs.
I think of the Arenshi caves from time to time, and wonder whether Esh still lives there. And about the Arenshi themselves. How did they drill a universe of stars up through that vast stone ceiling? The rock from ceiling to mountain surface must have measured four or five hundred feet in places. And dead straight, each little channel of light. Even by today’s engineering standards that is a nearly impossible feat. And they drilled them over two thousand years ago. Thousands and thousands of them.
Inept soldiers, is what Esh had called them. Bad fighters. That is why they had to hide in the mountain. But where did they come from? And what tools and engineering technology did they use? These are thoughts that occupy an old architect nowadays on his slow strolls though Hyde Park when the weather is not too hot and not too cold (I don’t mind a drizzle, as long as it doesn’t pour).
Another thought that occupies him on his strolls is whether of not he should in fact publish these memories. What good would it do? Perhaps the world should know, he thinks. But then, as often, he thinks, what business is it of the world’s? And so it goes, back and forth amidst impossibly skilled drillers of holes in mountains.
And if you read this, well then you know he decided to let the world know after all, and if you don’t, well then, of course, no one’s the wiser.

::


About the Author


Raised in Northern Sweden (by trolls), Ulf Wolf is now California-based.

To date he has written eight novels, four novellas, and fifty odd short stories. More is underway.

For more about this particular wolf, visit http://ulfwolf.com.

Also, you can contact him at ulfwolf@gmail.com.

Other books by Ulf Wolf (and also available at Smashwords):

Tathāgata — A Four Volume Novel
He Fell Through Clouds — a Novel
Storm — a Novel
The Katha Upanishad — a Novel
Love Thyself Last — a Novel
Flannery’s Bear — a Novella
Only The Albatross Remembers — a Novella
Boil a Manchild for Odin — a Novella
Seven True Lies — a Seven Story Collection
Two Dark Truths — a Two Story Collection


