Angels and Electrons: A Sub-Suburban Tale
Copyright 2012 Paul Hawkins - Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication: To the memory of my father

Tell all the Truth but tell it slant
Emily Dickinson
Tell all the Truth but tell it slant---
Success in Cirrcuit lies
Too bright for our infirm Delight
The Truth's superb surprise
As Lightning to the Children eased
With explanation kind
The Truth must dazzle gradually
Or every man be blind---

Author’s Note: I have consulted the characters’ own notes and recollections to tell this story to the best of my ability. It is not my fault that some of them are slightly addled. None of them set out to lie, I don’t think, but may do it subconsciously out of habit. That happens when people retell the past to themselves too many times until they can live with it. Special thanks to Rosalind Russell, who thoroughly interviewed the other participants in order to sift the truth from fiction and, in the process, now remembers events she never actually attended. 

Chapter -Prologue - by Blaise Bohrs
Vacuum Tube Technology
It's 1939, and a boy on a farm without alternating current could have told you more about the world than a PhD student can now. He drank in the newsreels, he scoured the magazines left in the hotel lobby or the barbershop for knowledge, he pulled in the news from the air, from the antenna of his crystal radio hooked to his window screen. He heard the voices and saw the visions in his mind and fitted them into his bottomless thirst to reach out beyond the humdrum landscape visible from his window. The world was bigger in the 1930’s. 
The world was bigger both in one's mind and outside it. There were more pieces to it and they didn’t need to fit together. There were quarter-mile grey dirigibles humming transatlantic routes across grey transoceanic skies to and from grey photographic skylines; there were champagne corks popping in tall business-dealing offices; there were farmers turning soil and driving home-modified Model T’s across brown acres, proud odd time-saving home-welded metal arms clawing dust inventively and effectively while horses and mules watched and twitched their ears; there were crystal radio antennas attached to window screens in a farm boy’s stuffy boxy upstairs room in Summertime, with cicadae hatching and humming in the acacia in the yawning purple-then-black world outside, and his younger brother’s already out like a light and snoring, but this boy at 13 or 14 is just beginning to realize that out there somewhere in the sweetening and cooling darkness is something precious he is missing, something his heart has a hole in it for, something he is yearning to find.
And always there were the silver signals, bounced by hucksters and amateurs alike across the invisible skies - the breath of angels, the news or dreams or bragging of a ham radio operator in Enid or Sydney or Sioux City or Cleveland or St. Louis, and the soap-sponsored radio crooners and the comedians with their guffawing but doubtless genteel audiences in some unseen New York auditorium, all laughing, the jokes like razor-thin silver signals a morse code of surrender and defiance in the blackness, leisure and desperation, a silver stab easy yet resolutely made at the thing closing in, a signal fading in and out while the boy hears the distracting noise of his brother's buzzing and the prowling of just-awakening cats in the field in the alley on the fire escape down on the porch getting into the garbage cans or the milk pails below, oh shut up just get to the punch line this time please and yes, the line then the laughter, crackling like tinfoil or popguns or static and the darkness pushed back for an instant, the link made with the people all of us laughing, and maybe out there one who laughs at a lot of things that he does, and maybe out there someone who wants to know him, before the sponsor's slogans send him off to fight for banks and brand names and freedom.
The world died in the decades after that, when the war was won and TV caught on and even the least prophetic soul glimpsed how all the pieces could be hammered together, if the market and the slogans were just right, and salesmen perfected their patriotic pitch and figured how to leash and program the capricious angels of our dreams, the necessary imps of the unseen that always had to be tolerated before, when the signals were invisible and could only be seen in dark rooms with lidded eyes focused somewhere in the blank above the sparking dial, and they tapped into the shows and showed that all the airy unseen angels visiting our vacuum tube altars were really only floating spheres of brand-name soap.
Before those organizing decades the airwaves were fairs and carnivals that were home to liars and everyone knew it but wanted it - not confessors, like now, folks who drop their drawers before any camera and expose want they think are their lives or souls - not confessors, liars, showmen, each with his lie, his own outlandish world bumping the gaudy farcical sphere of someone else - the wolf-boy the faith healer the pygmy shaman the snake oil mystic Hindu the anatomically-gifted farm girl the albino spelunker the cheesy British comedian with his parrot who won't talk on live radio, the bubble dancer the "Mister, I seen Jesus" transient the refugee the Shadow. Their lie with and against your lie - you're an enigma you're special a mystery no oath no credo no uniform can confine you you're a thing; you're old you're young you're dying in the farmhouse with the grandkids shooed outside, you're on a train to meet a girl you've only written letters to before, you're in a big unfamiliar city with two dollars in your pocket wondering which way to turn at the corner, you're in a line you're bunked in a mission you're in a field you hear a laugh from the farmhouse you're in the attic with your best friend and you discover something; you're in school you're a single woman with her first real job in a new city and all the men are jerks, you're black you're Irish you're Czech you're German you're hated, you're left behind you're ditched by your friends or you've ditched them for anything new, you're a refugee but you've escaped, you've moved from the known into the unknown with no clear guide though with the silver signals, and even if you're nothing you're a dancer, because unseen signals are motion in the darkness and in your mind, motion potency and potentiality, possible directions but not orders or sloganized hypnosis; you spark and fade like signals in the vacuum tubes - part of you is airy angel, and you're free.
My father and mother grew up in the 1930's, did their part in WW II, then set about making the American Century.
It Had Been an American Century
It had been an American Century.
One of the few satellites left attempted to chronicle the last of it. The satellite had lasted longer than predicted; it had seen later models come and go; it transmitted in a frequency that was now seldom monitored, and the zenith of the technology it encompassed was the transistor. 
It had been launched at the height of the space age, when cars were long and tailfins were just beginning to subside, but the world had long since gone to hell beneath it. The Ruskies came and went, and came again, and the Chinese came (they were not averse to dispatching rivals satellites with lasers). The bi-polar world went mono-polar them multi- polar then just to a kind of hell with mortars mounted in the backs of Toyota pickups somehow rivaling superpowers and infidels being burned alive, and worse. 
It was friends with a satellite owned by the Vatican. Nobody knew or remembered how the hell that got up there. It was currently broadcasting a 12-part series on Blessed John Paul II. It too was a dynamo and dinosaur. Some people credited its existence to Bobby Kennedy.
And all the world was gone to hell, and benign faces on currencies were innocuous to the multipliers and orders of magnitude applied to them to provide for a simple loaf of bread, or the wars waged so that faces on this side of the globe could subsist on the pollution and slavery and penury of the faces on the other, all with the benign faces on the currencies standing in as surrogates for the actual transaction of human soul with human soul, the tyrant and the sufferer, the Prophet and the profits and the ministers of oil in dresses and the polished prigs in Brussels in their narrow suits and the statists of all stripes planning for a happier world always centered around a concept of fewer, cleaner, holier people like themselves.
The satellite watched this. It had a series of lenses of fine optical quality perfectly spaced along a body the length of a school bus. It was mostly black and silver. Solar panels like wings were there for show, and for redundancy - there was no need for anyone to know its heart was nuclear. It drifted calmly in infinitude; it clicked, it whirred, it sometimes beeped and hummed. The highlights of its career had been reading the license plates of Martin Luther King and Lyndon Baines Johnson, before it began broadcasting in gibberish, which the NSA was too stupid to realize was not a malfunction but a change of ownership, a semi-autonomy, a coded language. But speaking with whom?
It had been an American century, long since gone to hell in an explosion and antigen and antiphon of what dreams may come but hadn’t, what could have been but never had, for want of vision and belief.

The Sub-Suburbs
The sub-suburbs are a place where the suburbs themselves peter out; the white-flight myth of indulgence without responsibility can push its cul-de-sacs no further and collapses upon itself, lost, lost. Property values fall; trailer home and manor home rub elbows; angels, beasts, and men co-mingle, each somewhat out of their element but cast once more into the Real. Nothing is what it seems but everything has the kernel of what it can be. The Sub-Suburbs are the fringe of Being and Becoming, the mundane rediscovering the mysterious; they are often marked by a convenience store in the middle of nowhere.

Chapter 1: Blaise
From Blaise’s Journal
My name is Blaise Bohrs. I grew up in the sub-suburbs of an Oklahoma prairie metropolis in the 1980’s. I am in prison and am writing this journal to tell you about my life.
But first I want to posit this: there are no stories of our lives. They're things we try on like gloves, test for the fit, wear for a while, then outgrow and discard. We tell stories about ourselves but finally we just throw them away and the most they ever did was enable us to move between sources of cover.
Having said that, my friend Jude went to enough college classes to know that, after learning the truth, you are allowed to contradict yourself, and that an intelligent mind can hold contradictions in itself and still stay sane, so here's my story: My older brother Ben and his wife both had jobs in the first of this community's mega stores back in the early 1980's, and both were in their first year at the closest can't-decide-what-to-do-with-my-life community college, barely launched free from the diminishing inner-city neighborhood my family lived in then, where class-bounding blue-collar dreams blossomed.
My old man was stricter back then and so was hers and these two kids knew they mattered. They had seen friends go bad and didn't want to be losers. At that college barely more than a high school on steroids they studied all day, and then all night they worked at that first mega-bargain department store, wearing smocks and working in mile-high anonymous white aisles, she on the register he stocking shelves. They met sometime just after eleven one night when the other employees were orchestrating hijinks in the wide deserted aisles and both he and she hung back, too shy, and joked with one another to seem too occupied to be called on to participate in the foolishness. They talked about where they were from and where they were going, found that for eighteen years they'd lived in the same working-class neighborhood only three blocks apart; they mentioned their serious studies and their goals, went out that weekend, fell in love and got married six months later, and never looked back with regret. They lived every day still madly in love with each other. They had a nice house, not ostentatious but just right for them, warm, safe. They had a little daughter who really isn't that little anymore, and they were always growing but staying whole and certain of themselves and happy.
It must have been simpler back then. When I was a kid and my older brother would visit he would seem like nothing less or more than a mysterious happy god to me, and he could always outwrestle me with one laughing, easy pin but couldn't chip a golf ball worth a damn, and he got tired of even the most cordial visit by early evening and would shift his big shoulders uncomfortably on the sofa, herd his lovely wife and child into the car and disappear back to the glow of his own warm and orderly enclave in the inner city - a happy, geometric, centered space he understood, a place he could hold complete in his mind all at once, and loved. 
It was the model I set for myself but it never materialized.
A girl I once loved knew a similar story and she'd tell it to me as we looked out at stars from the back seat of my car, and it was her goal to live up to it so it became mine as well. And she was young and beautiful and smart like the people in the story and I was too. But we were not so lucky and it turned out we had no straight road, and we made it too fast around the first curve and one of us got lost from the sight of the other, and if I chose this minute I could get up from this chair and there would be no more waiting, no more watching for her, and everything could be new. But she left and Dad died and I got lost and stuck in time, and then the bad things happened.
*
I am an electrical repairman's son. Oh, my father was more than that - he understood the math and the physics and the secret ways of electronic things, but all that theory is no good if a man can't make money. So my father was an electrical repairman, back when people didn't used to throw whole TV's away. He never could obey anyone else so he worked for himself.
He also fought in World War Two and was of the generation that made the world safe and free and more or less American and at once made it indefinably greater and smaller than it had been. Safe, clean, tidy, white - different food but the same Levi’s, music and sitcoms from Sheboygan to Shanghai.
I grew up in an inner city Catholic neighborhood, but when our friends' families sprang on sudden lucre to the white flight neighborhoods up north, we did too - or thought we had. Like everything else my father attempted, he messed it up. We ended up not in a ranch house on a cul-de-sac, but in a tilting farmhouse one notch farther away, one century older - a place my father's car-graveyard owning brother Dave had "guaranteed" the city would grow out any minute to but never did. 
At least, it didn't build out there for decades, and in those times my father sank into despair, and I sank into despair and had adventures, or misadventures, but as they say I am clean and sober now, and I am ready to move on. I can sit on the tin steps of my dented, tarnished silver airstream trailer on the back acres of my father's 40-acre farm and see where they are building a new mega-church out here in the hinterlands of Oklahoma's foremost metropolis, after decades of inertia. I can sit in the twilight and watch the last puffs rise from the yellow and black dirt movers, planing and sculpting the red clay, clearing the way for a new church that will likely look more like a medical plaza than a temple of the Holy Ghost.
Now over twenty years have passed since I committed the horrible deeds that sent me to prison, and I am out and free, and life is creeping into these sticks at last but in a different way than the eighties oil boom once foretold. That boom, when it seemed boundless, promised something like a stampede of wealth. It was to be a frenzied, hopeful - let's call it greedy - colonizing, romanticized all out of proportion by propaganda cowboy poets who still find success even today. They go to cocktail parties and wear string ties and recite cowboy snippets of bad verse and pretend they don't live in condos. They pretend to understand abstract Indian art and bless the billionaires who perpetually try to get the city to pass a temporarily permanent 1/3 cent sales tax increase to build them a sports franchise stadium. 
As I said something like vitality is finally creeping into these acres, decades after it was forecast to do so, but it is a different sort of life. It has an impulse of charity. My neighbors and I are seeing to it that our land is used to build a church or two, a school, and a charity hospital. That is to say, my sister Janet is seeing to it that my land is sold to people of such interests. I have given her that authority, although the land is mine. I could never manage details the way she does. In any case, my neighbors and I collectively adopted this strategy as a hedge against a recently leaked plan of eminent domain and  annexation. The Sisters of Mercy are building a hospital, the diocese is building a Catholic church and school, and some non-denominational Protestant denomination is building a mega-church that looks like a spaceship.
For now there is still a house on my acres. It is a small house, the one my father used to live in, and the one I refused to inhabit after he succumbed to his own dark despair. But it is a good sturdy house, although the back door sits somewhat crooked and has to be latched to stay shut. That is where my friend Jude Drewyer lives now. Jude just got out of prison too. He has been my friend since we were in gradeschool. Now he is back, and he is welcome to live there until the sale goes through.
Twice in these past few days I have seen him walking alone in twilight in my wide, dry fields. He seems to be walking and watching and waiting. When he thinks to look up and see me, he waves.
I hope he is doing okay. I will go visit him with a basket of fruit tomorrow. I will ask about his plans. 
Tonight I have my own preparations to make, my own packing and planning to do. I am leaving soon. But before I do I feel I should record what I went through, in the lean decades, in depths of my despair and desperation, so that other might avoid the innate selfishness of prideful misery and its concomitant temptations. If the world does not learn what I have learned, it will perish. The world is already in love with death and the idea of its own demise like some fat German opera.

From Rosalind’s Journal: About Blaise
My name is Rosalind Russell and I worked with Blaise as a local clothing store model and later in a miserable venture called "Fashion Shots" in a has-been mall in the 1980's. 
Blaise Bohrs grew up in the 1980's in a small brick house on a largely untilled square of land on the furthest edge of this prairie metropolis that had not grown as far as it had dreamed it would, thanks to the oil bust, which itself was nothing more than the implosion of a speculation scheme dreamt up by men in cowboy hats strutting around like they were characters from the TV show "Dallas" until they believed their own lie and started selling East Coast bankers worthless paper with no oil under the ground to back it up. Therefore Blaise's estate (or rather that of his father - his old man was nuts) had not been visited with urbanity although it shared a border with a well-paved, well-intended road to nowhere, a non-thriving apartment building, a half-developed moneyed white-flight neighborhood (Ritzville), the foundations of a ghost town to the north, and a WPA mudhole lake. Those of us stuck in it after the threatened tide of wealth receded called it the sub-suburbs, and it was the kind of place in which a sow and a spoiled sorority princess and a car-graveyard owner and even an angel might accidentally share an adventure and each be the better for it, if they lived to tell.
Blaise is still blissfully and dopefully unconscious of everything - I don't think he ever did a single thing from bad intentions, but after the money receded and his father killed himself he was left alone too long in his own despair and got himself into trouble. He is that way. He is the kind of person God made just so it'd be someone else's duty to watch over him. 
Blaise and Jude are both out of jail. Jude was Blaise's best friend but he had no more sense than Blaise did, though he was smarter and skinnier and he looked like the kind of guy who should be the bean-counter type, the sensible one. But he wasn’t. His fault was that he was too loyal to Blaise and he would throw himself into harm's way to try to protect his friend but just end up making everything twice as bad - a break-in becomes a kidnapping, an assault becomes a murder. The excesses of enthusiasm.  
Now that they are both out of jail, Blaise is letting Jude live in his dad's old farmhouse on his dirt acres. Blaise hates the farmhouse. He has refused to live in it ever since his father died decades ago. Well, not died in exactly – it was more complicated than that. But in any case after his father died Blaise would go into the paint-peeling house only to store or retrieve supplies, but for actual living he chose to abide in a trailer his uncle Dave (the car-graveyard owner) gave him, although it was supremely hot and cluttered. 
For decades he was a man-boy stuck somewhere between 27 and 49. Did the exact age matter? When his father died he had stopped. Well, he had proceeded, of course, but only in the kind of fits and starts that flared now and then into adventures, only to subside and reveal the disappearance of decades. 
I have known him for decades - I have watched him in the way men who are oblivious to the nicest women around them don't know they are being watched. And I have concluded that if he could be said to enjoy one thing, other than his sparse, concerted and sometimes creative stratagems for blocking out the event of his father's suicide and its subsequent, related effects, it is the indefinable emptiness of the sub-suburbs themselves, the association of scattered things in proximity but disconnected, available but cut off, alive but alone and forgotten. The handful of people he knew and has known here have arrested personalities similar to his own, except they are one notch more adept at putting on masks when necessary to interact with the rest of the world for the purposes of securing money and companionship. I am describing myself when I say this. My mother ran a hair salon across from a trailer park but I managed to pull off being a sorority princess, and I managed to act the part of a bimbo and still make straight A's so as not to waste my mother's money. We all learn to assemble an inventory of masks. Except Blaise. I think he is only who he is.
A few days ago he got out of jail after ten years. It was his second ten-year stint in jail, with brief spectacular episodes in between. His past is somewhat complicated, although now that he is out again he intends to makes a clean start, and his sister Janet has come back from halfway across the country to see that he sticks to it. 
His father died twenty years ago. The one beautiful girl from his youth had left him at the same time as the city imploded and died back to its husk of its self, and everybody interesting had moved away, including his sisters - Tess (older, perpetually running off with bass players) and Janet (younger, sensible to a fault, taught by her late mother to be tough and to escape the fate of so many of her peers who got knocked up at 17 and found themselves chained down with commitment for the next twenty years).
Five long years after his sisters left him, and his girl left him, Blaise had been stuck with his old man, who was stuck in his own inertia, brought on years before by the death of his wife and the sudden replacement of vacuum tube electronics with solid state circuitry - for he was a TV repair man - and the events conspired to make a man whose brain had grown up dancing on electrons and unraveling their physics now collapse - a man who had grown up marveling at yoking electrons into order, only temporarily, ever, only momentarily making use of their capriciousness to spring a word to souls across the ether - to bring a song, a sermon, a bit of news, a warning - yoking invisible angels utilized slightly to dance on glowing orange filaments of vacuum tubes, each with a message and their own joy of being - all the joys of his life left the old man at once - the wife his one and only love succumbing to a cancer that left her a dried dish-rag shell of herself, then disappearing from the shell, hammering his own powerlessness into him at every turn and then leaving him abruptly alone, a daughter who for no good reason blamed him and another who wanted to stand by him but, finally, couldn't (not spitefully but from the deeper unconscious drive to live and be herself and escape the toxicity of an atmosphere of decay) - it had been five long years with Blaise and his father alone, his father increasingly withdrawn to that dry paint-peeling house and his electronics shack out back - alone alone, straining at headphones and listening for signals from everything that had abandoned him - straining for a whisper of reassurance, for one last will and testament from the airy angels who had danced with him so graciously before when he was young, waiting on a whisper from God that He still loved him - no whisper came.
He died and then Blaise died - but Blaise kept on living. As I have said, Blaise has been in and out of jail twice since, but now in his late forties he is free. He can seen wearing all white and wandering his dry empty acres with a sudden lightness he has not shown before, something care-lifted and angelic, as if he has suddenly been relieved of something or has consciously let go of it.
The acres he wanders include the remnants of Boheme. Boheme is the left over weed-grown foundations of a town from the turn of the previous century, settled by a religious/artistic/utopic community made up of idealists from Europe who had decided to shed the evils of materialistic society and live purely. 
It had lasted only two years because one girl prettier and more buxom than all the rest made even the most whiskerless wisp of a man pine for her and sowed jealousy amongst them, and there had not been one aspiring aesthete among them suited for hoeing in the fields anyway, and no one liked hoeing in the fields half so much as they liked the idea of hoeing, and all the buildings they designed and built from scratch leaned sideways so badly that even the nearby Mennonites and Amish couldn't fix them, save for one grand mansion at the far north end of the acres that they shored up for the aesthetes purely out of pity.
The community died when the beautiful girl suddenly ran off and married a fancy-dressed gambler and the men became increasingly idle and nearly starved one winter for lack of growing anything, and then when Spring came a tornado mercifully destroyed their work and sent them packing back to Europe none the wiser, and it left the foundations blissfully clean, save for the Amish-reinforced mansion, which had been spared or survived. 
Blaise now owns these acres. They had been purchased decades ago when his uncle had owned the nearby car graveyard and had been planning on expansion, but he had left the country one step ahead of the law when the 1980's economy imploded and his illegal gambling exploits were revealed, and one second before his midnight departure, just before the government could seize his assets for back taxes, he left the utopic acres to Blaise. The wilderness had long since reclaimed the ruins, but Blaise liked owning the acreage, and sometimes he found old coins or bottles. For that matter the acres were home to rare and poisonous reptiles that weren't supposed to live in this part of the state but somehow thrived amidst the ruins of a utopia that pious shallow people had tried to build and failed. The snakes and lizards abided Blaise as if there were an unspoken agreement between them and hissed softly at him in greeting. And the old people for whom he mowed lawns told him there were rumors of tragedy and mystery about the mansion that still stood, and that faint lights could be seen walking through it at night, but now that he is out of jail for the second time Blaise himself wanders the acres like a haint, a thing released but waiting for something else, a supernatural being whose future hangs in suspension, waiting for some formalized atonement.
*
Janet has just arrived in town, she who herself had fled that decaying farm decades before, prior to her father's death but after her mother had passed, she who would have been considered slightly too young to make such a decision on her own back then, not even out of high school, she who felt compelled to escape the toxifying atmosphere of death and decay that haunted her old man simply because instinct told her that she had to live - Janet is back. She called me - we always got along. She has checked into the clean but modest Budget Businessman's Micro-Suites Extended Stay Hotel. The building sits on the edge of town. She told me she can look out the window of her room toward the direction the city had never grown, toward the direction of the old farm and her brother.
The city is ready to grown that direction now. Now, twenty-some years later, it has finally recovered from the oil bust and a series of recession; it is coming into money again. Once again it has a "Bright Future" committee and a "Growing Places" task force. It has been casting its eyes toward the outskirts, toward the car graveyard, the old farms, and Boheme. Janet has said she does not like to see herself in the midst of it, but she has decided that she had been wrong not to be there for her older brother earlier, when he had led and re-led himself into peril, mostly through his angelic naïveté. She will meet him tomorrow. She will finally see if she can set him free, and in doing so, free a little of herself as well, a twenty-year-old duty unfulfilled. And she intends to see to it that neither Jude nor anyone else around him can to lead him into any further mischief. Not that she attributes malice to Jude. In fact, I think she likes him and always has, but she has made herself too good for him, whereas if she had been patient enough to make herself a little less it might have made him grow into something more. I think that now perhaps she thinks that. I am not sure. In any case, as I said, she has expressed an intention to see to it that neither Jude nor anyone else around him can to lead him into trouble again, and while that phrase is rather vague, I have recently kenned that it involves a one-way plane ticket to the Philippines. That is rather abrupt.

Did You Find Out Where He Gets His Money?
On the same day as Janet's re-arrival, the afternoon found a lean, somewhat desperate-looking man named Laredo leaning across the wells of the baitshop to interrogate its owner.
"Where's he get his money?" the man asked. 
The baitshop proprietor was much younger than he, and was lean but wiry and strong. He was the son of the current car-graveyard owner, who had prospered in the last decade and had purchased the baitshop as a fiefdom for his son.
The proprietor looked at the man with impatience. This was the third time he had seen him in as many days, and each time he was wearing the same worn-out suit, and each time he had purchased nothing. "What the hell are you on about?"
"Blaise Bohrs, where does he get his money?"
The proprietor, whose name was Ray Jr., squinted at him. "You knew him before you went to prison, and you need some cash now?"
"Who doesn't need a little? So you know Blaise now, right?"
"He's better left alone. He's lost."
"But he does come into your store now and then?"
"Well yes - it’s the closest place for cold pop, or a beer. And of course, it being a baitshop, it's last store before nowhere, so it's like a bug light for weirdos. But Blaise isn't one of them - he's lost, maybe, but he's not an active loser like so many of the rest of them that comes in here." 
"That's all well and good - now where does he get his money?"
"I dunno - he's been doing odd jobs since he got back."
"Like what?"
"Stuff when folks need help. He knocked a hornet's nest from my eaves; he mows the lawns of some of the older folks down the road; he painted all the address numbers on the curb over in Ritzville. Of course he won't be doing that again. He got off by one number and got them wrong all down the block. Made an ambulance miss a dying guy."
"That ain’t enough to tide a fellow by."
"Look, I don't know. Folks say his dad left him a little something, or that pig of his nosed up some kind of treasure out amidst those foundations of Boheme. They're on his land and he has full right to whatever he finds there. And you better not be coming around just to trouble him."
"I know him from way back. I paid my price. I was his friend once. Maybe I just want to be his friend again."
"Naw, Jude was his friend. My cousin Dale Charboneau is his friend. You, Laredo - you were just a piece of work. And by the way, Jude's back, too."
The hollow man looked away at this, and ground a fist in one hand.
"Jude's gonna meet him here tomorrow. You got something you need to settle, you show up and talk then."
"Maybe I will," Laredo said.
"And I'll be keeping an eye on you when you do." 
"I'm in a hard way, and Blaise got what was rightfully mine."
"You talking about how your dad left his electronics repair business to Blaise instead of you? Look, his dad and your dad were partners, and from what my dad says, your momma left him for some rich doctor and you and your momma were too busy burning through his money to give a rat's ass about your real dad at the time. But Blaise - he took care of your old man."
"Blaise just cozied up to him to take advantage of him, to steal his ideas, to get his help with that electronic deviltry he and his father were up to."
"He paid the price for that."
"Couldn't no one never pay the price for that."
"He did. Look, he was messed up back then, and what he tried was from the pit of loneliness and crazy, and there was no way that stuff was ever going to work, but he ventured more than you ever did, and he fell further than you ever could, but he made up for it. Now look, I'm tired of you hanging around my bait store not buying anything and scaring off my customers. It’s tough to scare off weirdos, but you do it. Now if you want to see Blaise, be here tomorrow. But so help me, if you try to do him wrong, I will see to it that you end your days wearing cinderblock shoes and feeding the catfish at the bottom of that mudhole lake behind me. No one will ever miss you."
The man swallowed hard and left, but when he was gone Ray noticed that he had left a business card on the counter. He looked at it. It was a remnant from another era and had three successive phone numbers scratched out and replaced. For that matter, it had the business name scratched out and replaced. Where once it had read "Bohrs and Jones - Electronics Repair" it now said "Laredo Jones - Number One Talent Agent in Oklahoma! Let us put the best face on your local business." It was yellowed and bent. Ray tossed it aside. 
"Damned fool blaming someone else for throwing his life in the trash - I know for a fact he sells cars down at Lucky Day Auto and makes okay money, if he'd just stop wanting to be something he's not."

From Blaise’s Journal
Am I to understand that Rosalind has decided to tell my own story for me? Never let on what you are writing or someone will steal it. She knows I have ten office boxes full of notes and sketches I worked on when I was in prison and I told her that it will take time to sift them and put them all in order. And yet she's taken it on herself? I know she is ten times smarter and more efficient than I am - I am afraid she might actually get the damned thing done before I have even finished my map of the sub-suburbs. You cannot tell a story without a proper map any more than you can build a radio without a circuit. She does not understand this.
I have redrawn and erased parts of my map too many times. I need to walk around tonight and try to remember where things were.
She wants to mother hen me. She knows I will be out of here soon.

Chapter 2: Blaise and Jude and Carmelita
From Rosalind’s Journal
One must take the story back to the 1980's in order to understand why Blaise ended up in jail twice, why he had encountered such loneliness and tragedy on those acres the city was supposed to build to but did not, and why now, out of jail and apparently clean and sober, so much depends on him straightening up and not succumbing to certain old temptations.
He grew up normally enough, and in fact he had a friend who was different enough from him to be good for him, and that friend was Jude Drewyer.
Blaise and Jude came from similar economic backgrounds, both grew up in the inner city, and both had parents from the generation that had helped win WW II. Both grew up on the plains of Oklahoma, prairie Catholics in an Evangelical Protestant stronghold, both were "late blessing" babies - born when their parents were past the age when Dr. Spock advised paternity. Both of their families moved from the inner city to the sub-suburbs on an early tide of semi-affluence. And now, at the end of things, here they are. They are different and yet they are friends. Jude has always been the voice of caution, but in the end, out of loyalty, he has done things more rash than Blaise; and Blaise has always been the one who should have listened but did not, and yet his instincts and his luck have been more effectual than reason; and now both are here, at Blaise's tilting farmhouse, both of them out of middle age and free and assessing the mess of their lives and the end of the world in the early 21st century.
The friendship between Blaise and Jude grew in the 1980's, before Oklahoma's oil boom abruptly imploded in one fateful headline, one banking scandal which announced itself above the rest due to the sheer unimaginable force of dollars and gall behind it, shuddering through the state like the word “Cops!” hollered into a backroom gambling den, clearing it out almost overnight and sending those who remained slinking back behind their 100-foot crosses, looking at the ground, shaking their heads and muttering shocked pieties until the sirens passed.
Jude and Blaise went to the Catholic grade school and high school together and then both went to the local "I don't know what to do with my life" public-funded commuter college, albeit Jude only for his sophomore year, one year after he had partied and malaised his way into a suspension from a heard-of university run by Jesuits under the auspices of Catholicism and operated under the presumed blessing of St. Ignatius and located somewhere between Oklahoma and "back East" (all signs point to St Louis).
They played football together, in grade school and high school, where the student body was so small most kids had to play both sides of the ball, and a skinny kid like Jude might find himself having to play guard or tackle when the fat kid was sick. But he threw himself into it with gusto, and he liked it when he'd manage to throw a good block for Blaise, because unlike most of the kids on the team Blaise was a genuine specimen, an unknowing Little Abner, big and strong though not the least bit prideful or conscious of it - he just liked running. And Jude liked him and developed a fierce loyalty for Blaise precisely because Blaise was so unwitting and humble, so happy just to do what he could do through the grace of God and not lord it over everyone. 
And so after they had graduated from high school both fell more or less amenably together in the sub-suburbs after fate had cast most of the rest of their friends to far-flung corners of the country to continue the juvenile enterprise of studying at the knees of adulation-craving professors and trying on personalities one check from home at a time. Black clothes today, Marxism tomorrow, maybe Sartre next week if anyone remembered Sartre, or Buber or Camus, and in general suckling at the teat of whatever "ism" offered the best chance of seeming attractive to members of the opposite sex.
Though both he and Blaise were initially from lower-middle class inner-city roots, Jude's father, an assistant HR director in charge of events (blood drives, employee birthdays and fun-runs), had become well-off after the migration to the sub-suburbs. Of Blaise's family we know enough - relocated but not prospered, often propped up by the charity of the car-graveyard-owning bachelor uncle (Dave) who had something slightly illegal going on the side.
Unlike many denizens of the suburbs, Jude managed to escape most of the soft vices of a semi-pampered life and still had the capacity to have some grace and charity in him, and this was all due to his eyes, which were cast by God and nature to open one notch wider than a normal person's and thus enabled to soak in the remnants of the awe and aura and mystery of the world, to see God or something like God or more accurately the space where God had been around even mundane things, the self-consciousness amidst the drinks and tits and nonsense that he himself was a mystery, made for love and wanting to be loved, and that the world did indeed have one more secret than hedonism and consumption alone could attest.
That Jude should have slacked off his first year at the expensive college and ended up doing a probationary year at the community college within the pull of the gravity and ensuing tragedy of the hapless Blaise is therefore not surprising. Jude's father was an ex-hippy who had the good fortune to have been made violently nauseous by almost any illicit substance, and hence he got clean and sober and flew straight though his mind was spacious enough to hold atmans, brahmans, buddhas, the mutterings of Carl Sagan, and Catholic orthodoxy all in one lump. His first wife had left him the day she woke up and noticed how skinny and unclean everyone was in their utility-free shack near the campus. He met his second wife years later at the Catholic church. She was pious but a flake. She helped unwed mothers keep their pregnancies but would go on the occasional wild spiritual bender to Medjugorje. Jude was slightly embarrassed by her. Her frazzled hair mirrored her mental and emotional state, though to her credit she was the only one in the parish who had never chalked up a single absence as a lector.
And so, with these parental influences in his head and a desire to escape them in his heart, Jude went away to school one year and missed neither of them. But his dreaminess came with him. He felt lost, unconvinced. He studied but saw the hackneyed where everyone else saw the uplifting, saw the boredom where everyone else saw the playground for pre-adulthood. He ended up doing poorly; he dropped out; he ended up back in the sticks, in that wide hot, hollow place, that suburb on the edge of nowhere, where time passed slowly and half the people were struggling to pay their bills and the other half were feeling sorry for you and offering to place you in this or that family friend's law office so you could make a few bucks doing nothing until you got your head on straight and got let back into the respectable school.
And so one part of one dry year put him back in the proximity of Blaise. Unlike Jude and most of his peers, after high school graduation Blaise had gone nowhere. He was hardly known and hardly missed, save that he had once been athletic - a bull of a physique applied to the position of fullback with success until a succession of injuries sidelined him so that whatever nascent potential for success that transcends class disappeared as quickly as it came. And so he fell back into the ranks of nobodies because he was, in all other social aspects, quite insular and awkward. He dressed shabbily - he was unsure with girls - he might be interested in the outdoors or cars. 
This awkwardness might be attributed to his father, who unlike him was a small stick-like man who had withdrawn from life at the death of his wife and had disappeared into a hermit-like hole of despair from which he feigned participation in the world just enough to see that Blaise and his sister Janet finished school. Their older sister, Tess (short for Contessa) had already crossed the barest socially-sanctioned threshold of adulthood and now led the life of a roadie and groupie for whatever local bands would have her. She had a thing for bass players and could roll a joint with one hand and make any pair of jeans or old jacket look kick-ass with a be-dazzler.  
But the old man - he was tired. He hoped to get Blaise and Janet seen through school, if he had the energy, and after that he hoped for nothing but to die. And everything subconscious in him worked to fulfill that prophecy and accelerate it, and Blaise could tell as much, and because he sensed it everything about him withdrew wounded and waiting, just as everything about his sisters made them anxious and furious. Blaise slept and withdrew to escape the inevitable while and his sister Tess told Blaise that he should skip his last year of high school and both of them should leave, and she loved Blaise and tried to wake him up to the injury he was doing to himself, but you might as well have tried to pull a hound dog from its master. Janet was different. She was as quiet and as patient as Tess was bold. She had an instinct to persevere then escape, to graduate then leave. And so as Blaise finished high school then made his run at college he still had Janet. Tess was gone (and back again, and gone, in predictable cycles, always running off with musicians) but he survived as long as he had Janet. But then even Janet left, and that left Blaise alone and rudderless and susceptible to his worst temptations.  He stayed that way, lost, suspended between the end of youth and the beginning of nothing, until the day his father killed himself out in the hot small shack in which his electronics equipment was kept, with a tower of an antenna behind it, the old man sitting sat in there day after day and turning the dials and straining for voices, for any voice, that would remind him of one beautiful reason for being in the world. The signal never came; the voices spoke of discord and false prophesies and products - always products; the magic of the electrons was dead - they had all been yoked to mercenary masters, and one day with one bullet he ended their transmissions, though it is to be noted he left the receiver on. Blaise discovered that when he discovered him, and he shut down the orange sparking dials, each commanding a particular circuit to catch a frequency and refine it, to sift the ether for a voice that never came. Blaise shut these down, one toggle at a time, until the last dial faded, and then he went out into the hot July sun that had baked the world into cracked clay and took an axe to the antenna mast until it toppled. He telephoned the police, assisted the investigation quite matter-of-factly to its succinct and predictable conclusion, then went even deeper inside himself.
I must at this point interject upon this portrait of despondency. People do go on. Life knows what life should do even in the pit of despair - it will push the body onward; it will ape life and even health. Blaise went on. I do not mean to say that even he knew the extent to which he was hollow, because his body and the gift of life is strongest in youth and that pushed him ahead, albeit without a compass or compassion. He was young and strong and handsome in a rough way and formerly athletic, and even though he was alone these things were more than strong enough to have pushed him into the machinations of the world, however blindly, however half-heartedly; life ventures out even if the homunculus of Self folds in. Blaise ventured out to make the way from boy to man, albeit without the guidance he deserved or needed. But his instincts propelled him, though not as strongly as his sisters', who knew as sure as the sun rises that they wanted to escape and thrive.
But unlike his sisters Blaise had a partner in the Angel of Unknowing - that thing that uses opalescent wings like horse's blinders to shield the few it blesses with an unconsciousness about the things they lack, to shield them from an awareness of mockery and from self-pity, and so while to some it may seem as though he persisted and pushed through time in an almost unknowing machine-like way, that could not be said to describe his insides, in which he lived with a sense of spectating and patience, an unconscious abiding, a calmness and a ready to wonder - all this because of the angel, all with a trust if not an outright conscious knowing that something was moving him, like a chess piece, by a design he did not need to understand.

From Blaise’s Journal
I have gotten hold of Rosalind's journal and am adding in parts. I bought her no-good young step-brother a twelve pack so he would let me in and steal it long enough to photocopy it. It is a copy of my own journal, which she herself had somehow stolen and photocopied.
I am changing it back here and there where Rosalind does not know what she is talking about.
At nights, when I was young and summer was just barely begun, I would look at the phone list on my nightstand. So many of my friends had moved away. A list of names and numbers, some with notes scribbled in the margins, many crossed out.
Most mornings were like this: I would wake at the crack of dawn but my dad would have already been awake for hours and the coffee already smelled baked and burnt. The summer would be wide and quiet - out in the sub-suburbs especially so. The daylight would yawn awake through dried yellow grass. Two miles over cows lowed and horses neighed, yet under all this would be the not-to-distant sound of the traffic.
One morning like the many other mornings I walked into the small cluttered kitchen. Plates and pans were stacked near the sink. I found a clean cup and moved past my lean emphysematic chain-smoking father and poured myself some coffee.
My father jutted out an arm like a sick crow's wing and handed me a scrap of paper. "I need some parts to fix the ham radio."
"You need to get out of that shack and get some fresh air," I said. "Go see your brother. Go do anything."
"I just need to fix it. Go downtown to my old TV repair partner. Take this list - he'll give you what I need."
I took the list but crumpled it into my pocket. 
I did not answer in the affirmative that I would do it. I walked past my father and through the cluttered living room and out onto the porch.
"Jesus!" I said into the air that was still semi-cool and sweet. Though the list was in my pocket I instantly forgot about it. I wanted to forget about it. The old man should be working. I was ashamed of the old man's malaise, his apathy, his brokenness. And so the note went into my pocket and out of my mind. It might surface a month later, unless the old man got demanding.  He was always wanting me to get some part to make that radio one notch better, to hear the voices from one notch farther, to makes the circuits that sifted the static for messages one notch more sensitive.
I finished my coffee, got cleaned up, and walked out into the day. The old man was out of sight, probably already in his ham radio shack, sifting the signals for the reassurances from angels that never came. Already the day was hotter and the summer swallowed all the energy and the optimism I’d felt while showering. I did not intend to drive down to the small brick-crowded blocks of the near-inner city and visit my dad's old partner, Don  - I would visit my uncle instead. My uncle Dave owned the car graveyard that sprawled across the acreage next door. It was the reason, or at least part of the reason, my father had relocated here. "The city's going to build out here!" my uncle had said, "Land you buy today will be worth gold tomorrow!" Of course he was the kind of man who talked loud just to see if he believed his own thoughts, but my dad had acted on it, just in time for the oil bubble to collapse and my sisters to blame Dad for every calamity that kept them prisoner to this deadly (and in Tess's case boring) place one micro-second longer than it had to. But I liked my uncle. He worked on cars and had girly calendars from car-parts manufacturers all through his shop. He was a wiry, crafty grease-monkey of a man. He could whip up a whole car out of spare parts in a week. I would go by and look at the hot rod magazines with buxom señoritas on the covers and bum a smoke and help him pull parts.
As of yet I had no real job. Helping my uncle was not a real job - not one for a young man who needed money to dress nice, to take a girl out now and then (if he met a girl). I hated food work but somewhat yearned for retail. There were pretty girls in retail, in the mall, and it was air conditioned. I liked neat pretty girls who looked like they knew what's what. But in spite of the oil boom there was some sense of impending economic peril in the air and folks weren't hiring like they used to and so I had many applications out but still no offers, and I told myself if nothing came along by next week I’d try the restaurants. I hated restaurants because it was always hot and because of all the pushy people you could never please, but a friend who waited tables at a Mexican place nearby said I was sure to make lots of money in tips but he wasn't sure if they were hiring. He'd find out.
And so I wandered out into the day and into my car - a classic T-Bird my uncle had assembled for my 16th birthday from pieces of about 100 dead cars. It was sweet. It did not look like 100 cars welded together – it looked clean and straight off the assembly line. My uncle knew his stuff. It started with a robust cough then settled to a jangly purr. I had a vague idea of where I would go. Two high school friends of mine had moved out of their parents' houses and launched their bachelorhood in a tiny shared apartment at the local formerly semi-upscale single-n-lovin'-it complex with a pool. The place was populated by kids going to the local commuter college and more than a few of the "my first job and outta the house" crowd, but also by several older divorced-and-paying-alimony guys and, recently, a growing number of single mothers of all ages, complete with brood. This mix made the dynamics at the pool each night interesting, with the older divorced men angling for the young hotties, who flirted with the old men just enough to get some alcohol before they disappeared into the sunset with younger men of their own age and stamina, and that left older men floating in the pool as the last orange rays of the daylight flashed across the topmost mounds of their bellies, upon which they rested their drinks, before they climbed out of the water and skulked off into the shadows either to return to their apartments alone or else to seek the company of one of the single moms with clouds of young-uns who suddenly did not look that bad.
I went over there to swim. My friends who lived there, Larry and Bill, both had big plans of scoring with the babes, fixing muscle cars, going to the local commuter college, and then becoming cops. But this past year Larry had changed his mind and enlisted in the Navy after an uncle's patriotic harangue at a Memorial Day barbeque in which he relived the life of a young man free from worry who had made the most of his chance to see the world from sea to shining sea on Uncle Sam's dime, and boy were them Filipino gals pretty - if he had to do it all again he'd marry one because Americans girls were all nuts. Neurotic - every last white willowy WASP one of them. And so on impulse Larry had enlisted, and so on impulse the Navy held him to his commitment, all of which left Bill with most of a one-year lease left and so whenever one of his friends came by he was always playing up the finer points and luxuries of the Sun Teal Crest Ridge Estate Apartment Homes.
"And I've got my own concrete patio and look - a hibachi. Grillin' and watchin' the babes every night. What a life I tell ya."
I eyed the hibachi doubtfully. It was the saddest thing I had ever seen. I suspected that the local cats frequented it as a litter box and felt fairly certain it had never been lit.
"Yes sir, livin' large out from underneath the paternal gaze. So Blaise, you going to UOCCC (University of Oklahoma Community Commuter College) again this fall?"
"I think so. But I don't want to take a loan to pay for it and my old man sure won't fork over. I need a job."
"Heck, you'll get one. Buddy of mine at Pretzel City says they're about to fire the pothead who works the morning shift and that he'll put a word in for you. Hey - then you and me can batch it here, huh? Gotta love it!"
I nodded. No way in hell. All the carpet smelled like cat piss. And anyway, I would pull parts out in the hot sun all summer before I worked at Pretzel City. They made you wear paper hats.
One week later I was waiting tables. 
I was still a fit young man and was in fact "strapping" though I was not conscious of it, and I caught the eyes of many more women than I noticed because I was not yet attuned to the magnetism I generated or what to look for in reply. Waiting tables at the upscale Mexican restaurant turned out not to be so bad, and I borrowed a few of my dad's ties and bought two new white shirts and was helping out during the busiest shifts at "Las Rayas Leopardo" - literally, the striped leopard, which made no sense other than the fact that the print shop had chosen the wrong species of big cat for its one and only Yellow Pages ad and now they were stuck with it. 
And the restaurant was in a mall in a part of town where some of the monied folks had figured how to keep their money, or had never frittered it away, or had never had it tied into oil to begin with (or since), and so I made good tips and though I was not rich I was handsome and I was becoming more aware of it the more attention I got from the lady patrons who liked the fact that I was not a skinny stick-boy with a button nose and that in fact I had a certain unprepossessing rough-hewn quality, a kind of modest gentle dopefulness underpinned with a heavy tide of unconscious animal magnetism. They gave me big tips; they gave me their phone numbers. But with my luck it turned out the one I finally got up the nerve to call had not been from a clandestine would-be paramour but from a lady name Chantilly - it was her name that had floated her penned missive ("call me!”) one notch higher in my consciousness than all the others - it sounded like fancy underwear - who worked for a local talent agency and wanted me to try out as a male model for the ads of a popular local upscale clothier, J. Rugby Buffingtons, outfitter of prairie prep-school wannabes and washouts, ladies and  gentlemen of quality, and whoever else needed to throw together something that said "forced expensive effortless sophisticated casualness" when they had to be seen at some summer party or art exhibit they didn't understand or a charitable event for people they liked to pretend they pitied but hoped would never move into their neighborhood. It was the "I just came from a safari to a cocktail party" look. I understood that. And it only took one session of outfitting me in the rugged but never soiled casual fitted clothes to see I fit the image they wanted to portray.

From Rosalind’s Journal
Smile? Blaise smiled and the world looked to be a sunny, effortless place. Pout? Blaise frowned (he did so by trying to remember where he had misplaced his car keys) and the world was broody and interesting. Pensive? "Blaise - clear your head…you're looking out at the sea…it’s roiling, Blaise - it’s roiling!" He got the gig. And that was where he met me, Rosalind Russell.
I was his female counterpart in many ads. I was a good ten years older than he was, but makeup and the fact that my best friend's sister's father had started Buffington's went a long way to keeping me in the business. The Buffington marriage itself was a strange one: Sarah Buffington was the heir to the company established and run until the last decade by J. Barry (Barrimore) Retner, who had run a dry cleaner’s until he got sick of hearing oil and cattle men complain that they never had anything decent to wear when they travelled back East to cut some deal or hob nob and had to look like they fit in, but not too much. So Retner started a small men’s clothing store, stocked it with stuff from back East that might still look right on a person from the Midwest but not sell out their rugged identity, and he found a ready market for his wares and expanded over the years but never lost his work-ethic roots. When Retner got older his daughter married a sap named Buffington who had never worked a day in his life but could sniff out money, and when the spoiled girl pleaded with daddy to change the company name to Buffington's because it sounded more upscale, he agreed as a wedding present to his daughter and new son. 
That the son had more interest in his money than in his daughter (or for that matter women in general) became apparent soon enough, and the old man regretted it but lived off his fortune and was glad his name was no longer associated with the place that came to sell what he considered frippery, and he opened a new store named Retners in cowtown that sold just boots, jeans, shirts hats, and tack, and all it promised was high quality merchandise at a fair price, and so he had a hobby and still did well while Buffington’s flitted and dashed across the radar from this trendy style to that one, with his daughter increasingly forced out of the decision-making by Buffington and his flighty buyers. But she still had 25% of the stock solely in her name and she forced her will on small things like saying no to pastel pleather chaps and making the company continue to use her girlfriend and sorority sister Rosalind (me) in its ads; she and I were close friends due in part (but not wholly) to shared grief with men; I had been in and out of a marriage to a no-good rat myself.
When Blaise came on I took him under my wing. I laughed at his ineptitude but helped him hide it, then helped him overcome it, and like most women he met I was charmed by his modesty, and there was maybe a three-day window when we might have moved from being friends to something more, but one day after I had waded in to protect Blaise from the catty critiques of the photographer he had looked at me with so much gratefulness that I could no more date him than I could a Saint Bernard, but I was ten times more his friend than ever, and we became very good for each other, and I helped pull him away from the gravity of his brooding father and told him which of the girls coming on to him were nice and which were skanks or ho’s. But then he met Carmelita Cortez, who was a good woman and became the love of his life.
He met Carmelita when his father had asked him for about the ten thousandth time to "Run down to the city and see my old TV repair partner Don and get me these parts for my radio." Whereas all the 9999 times before Blaise had taken the piece of paper, crumpled it up in his pocket and forgotten about it, this time he turned to his dad and said, "No - but we can both go."
His dad looked at him uncertainly. "I'm not in such good shape these days. I'd hate for him to see me like this."
"And you think he hasn't gotten old too? Look, you need to get away from this farm and especially from that shack. You come with me right now and I'll make sure you get enough parts for that damn thing to pluck signals from Mars to Timbuktu. I personally will climb those power lines that cross the highway and tap you into the grid itself with a pair of jumper cables if you’ll just get in the car and come with me."
"I don't know."
"Well I know what Mom would say - get out of the fuckin’ house."
The old man's eyes flared up, but he said nothing.
"Well, you know what I mean," Blaise said. "She wouldn’t actually cuss."
The old man stared at him. "Alright," he said at last. "Give me half an hour to drag a comb through my hair and shave."
It was soon thereafter that the two of them climbed into Blaise's restored Thunderbird and headed from the suburbs toward the downtown, to the "near-northwest" part of the city, with the old brick homes close together and laid out in block upon geometric block, the part that had leapt out from the center of the city more or less as far as the streetcar lines had extended - say the 25 to 30 blocks from downtown. To the part of the city where an upscale neighborhood and a warzone might only be a block apart - money and rootlessness, restoration and decay; plaster saints and cars on blocks. Don lived there. He had lived there when Blaise's family was still a member of that Catholic parish in the inner city. Don had never moved from there. His neighborhood was close enough to the church and school to enjoy the protection of the penumbra of the Catholic ghetto - flocks of children in navy blue and white uniforms filled the air with joyful noise in relative unchanging safety, near the urban decay but protected from it as through the ministrations of an angel of the second-lowest order, not exactly assigned by the Vatican but still able to exert a forcefield-like penumbra of beneficence for a radius of a block or two, with ease. The leaves noticed - they were colorful near that church, in autumn.
Don Jones was old but tough as a yard bird or a piece of beef jerky that was more gristle than beef, and he had an anchor tattoo on his forearm from his days in the navy in WW II and he still wore his hair in a crew cut and he chewed and spat tobacco and his boxy small inner city house was hotter than hell but he didn’t notice because he was old and always felt a little chilly, and here and there along every wall were stacked boxes and metal cabinets filled with old electronic parts and vacuum tubes and odd grey-metal instruments with meters for faces and odd assortments of toggles with names on tape stuck beneath them and one with a big red button that said "DO NOT TOUCH!" but nonetheless had more than a few grease-smeared fingerprints on it. And where there were not parts or tools there were stacks and stacks of Popular Electronics magazines from every era and on the walls were calendars from electronic parts warehouses with pictures of pretty girls for every month just like the ones that companies that sold parts for muscle cars issued, and Blaise was shocked because he had never thought about old fart electronics hobbyists in that way before but there they were, chicks in bikinis hustling oscilloscopes and rheostats and potentiometers. And parked out front sideways across the lawn, between the driveway and sidewalk, was a white panel van that said "Don's Electronic Repair" in red block stick-on letters though you could tell from the dust stuck to the adhesive left behind that it used to say "John and Don's Electronic Repair," John being Blaise’s father. And the inside of that damned van was just as hot and crowded as the house itself.
Don Jr. was just leaving as they arrived. Don Jr. was in all ways the antithesis of Blaise. He loved the suburbs. His mother had divorced Don Sr. in favor of some monied doctor she had met while doing charity work for a disease neither of them had but their companies could support in jogathons to get their logos on the backs of t-shirts.  She left Don for the doctor, moved to a ritzy mansion in the suburbs, and Don Jr. followed her and loved having money and having his new “dad” buy him a fine car and put him through prep school, and after he graduated, some lady at the Junior League told his mother that Don Jr. could be a male model so he changed his name to "Laredo" and got a bunch of glossies printed and was always on the verge of landing some gig, any day, maybe even in Hollywood, though for the moment he sold preppy clothes in Le Maison de Chic in the fancy mall. He did not call himself a salesperson. His official title was "suburban urban outfitter."
He wore pink tinted sunglasses and the sleeves of his blazer were pushed up on his forearms and he drove a newish convertible that Blaise secretly considered a girl’s car and when he saw Blaise and his dad step out of the pieced-together classic car he frowned. 
"Hello Laredo," Blaise said.
His dad turned to Blaise. "Hell son, that's Don Jr."
Laredo shook Mr. Bohr's hand respectfully enough but he greeted Blaise frostily. He was jealous of Blaise's gig with Buffington’s. As he shook Blaise's hand he leaned in and hissed.
"You don't deserve it! Why the hell do you even do it? You don't believe in what you sell."
Blaise shrugged. "It pays the bills. What are you here for - hitting up your dad for money?"
This incensed Laredo. "Like I need any of that - Mom asked me to check on him. And as for you - I find almost everything about you unconscionable. You have to believe in what you sell. There's a whole new bright shiny world unfolding out there and you're too thick to see it. Good God you don't deserve the gig you have! But the phoniness shows through - no one at the good clubs shops at Buffington's anymore. They’re yesterday. You're bringing them down. When you have to claw your way up back up from the bottom, maybe you'll appreciate what you had."
Blaise had nothing to say in reply but Laredo had already departed. He knew how to exit on a high note.
"Not much like his dad," John said.  
Blaise nodded. “He drives a girl’s car.”
They both walked across the dry postage stamp of a lawn to the porch. Blaise pulled back the old metal screen door but let his father knock and Don answered and looked them up and down and said "Damn it's been a while!" and "Damn you're looking old, Jonathan!" and "Damn you're big, Blaise!" and he let them in and poured them cups of coffee that smelled like it had been left on the burner and baked down to a primordial tar before being revived with tap water.
They talked about old times though Jonathon Bohrs did not talk much and Blaise did not talk much and in fact almost instantly wanted to leave, but Don talked enough for all of them and talked about how the neighborhood was going to hell in general but here and there some nice young couples were moving in but here and there were welfare mothers or worse, Indians, and he kept a shotgun over the door and his van double-locked and had a pistol under his bed, but that the good Lord always did provide, John, and he still had work to do because no one knew how to fix a damn thing anymore - not TV's, not kitchen sinks, not dryers, not nothing, and John oughta come out of retirement and join him because work would do him good and if there weren't no family to hold him in that mess of a sub-suburb anymore he ought to join him down here and keep an old man company and the two of them keep busy fixing the appliances bought by the nit wits who were popping out of these state colleges with overpriced degrees and no more knowledge than God give a junebug no offense to junebugs but damn what exactly did they learn for their money? But John reminded him he still had a younger daughter to see through school but maybe later and really he just wanted the parts to ramp up his radio and filter and refilter the signals because he was sure there was something to hear if he could just sift better and hear farther. Don looked at him and saw the sort of weakness in his eyes and then he looked at Blaise and said "Okay - Blaise you come with me - I gotta move some heavy boxes to get to the parts he wants." And in the back room he got the parts easily enough out of an old dresser drawer but told Blaise to keep an eye on his dad because there seemed to be no fight left in him, and then when they were all back in the kitchen he said to them both "I got the parts you need, but you got to come to daily Mass with me to get them."
Jonathan looked struck and almost recoiled. "Now Don, I don't put much stock in that no more…"
And of course Blaise put no stock in it but Don lived near the church and had pushed his own boys through that Catholic school and still went to Mass if just mechanically (or from the outside, as so many of one’s movements might seem, even to the participant), and daily Mass was at noon to let the business folks attend, and he insisted with every rigid fiber of his crew cut that they do so and so the father and the son acquiesced, especially after Don interjected that "at noon Padre keeps it under thirty minutes or it's free" and so they went to that big brick church with Italian marble inside, the one near but not quite at downtown, that had been the bishop's seat before the bishop moved one notch further north and west as the money pushed out further, but here it was, a fine old church, and so they went into its semi-darkness at noon time and the air was cool and the attendance was sparse and they were able to sit near the back with no one in front of, behind, or beside them, and the priest - a young priest farmed out to an old neighborhood to cut his teeth and get them cut by one of the most conservative parishes in the diocese, said the Mass with mechanical alacrity (he had tried a few lofty sermons in his early days before the pastor informed him that the Spirit had informed him that folks at daily Mass liked things short and simple), and Blaise and his father went through the motions from muscle memory though Don was more filled with a sort of quiet reverence, his tough greyness humbled and softened in a way he would let few people ever see outside of the presence of the Lord. Neither Blaise nor his father went to communion but as always Blaise took this part of the service as a chance to look at people, and he focused in particular on a gorgeous mass of cascading brunette hair that was somewhat near the front, near the ranks of candles and the votives before a statue of Mary. And as she came back from communion hands folded she looked up just as he was staring at her and she saw him see that she was remarkably beautiful. Now love at first sight strikes few times in one's life, but Blaise felt pierced by a light behind her eyes and by a perception of a reciprocal giving way of that light in her expression upon her seeing him, and he thought back and wondered if he might know her, from when his family used to live down here, from his attending the parish school before the move to the suburbs, and one possible girl stuck out in his mind and so he thought maybe he did and in any case he resolved to find out because he had been so transfixed and he did not want to leave without knowing if he might see her again.
She was escorting a frail old lady (later identified as her grandmother) back from communion, guiding her gently by one elbow, and Blaise looked up and saw her and saw her see him and both had the half-guilt of knowing each had inadvertently let their eyes linger on the other a second too long in something like lust but he did not care because he did not know when he would get down to this part of town again (hopefully never) and so he ditched the old men he was with and Don had an inkling of what was going down but Blaise's dad didn't have a clue but Blaise did not care because when he saw she was leaving with the old woman out the side door he did not so much as excuse himself from the two old men and instead moved with jungle cat alacrity and interposed himself between them and the holy water.
"Thought she might want a little help to her car."
The young woman and the old woman looked at him. The young woman said, "I can manage, thank you," and the old woman looked at him and smiled and said "Lo que es un chico guapo. Que bien." And so the younger woman let Blaise help her escort her grandma to the car. And as they walked the woman said, "You are Blaise Bohrs, right? I think I know you."
"I think so too," he said, "from school…"
"Yes," she said. "I'm Carmelita Cortez - my parents sent me here to parochial school for one year only - fourth grade. You beat up a boy for me then."
"I did?"
"Well, you sat on him."
"Hah! Yes! He had pulled your hair. I didn't like that."
"That's right. I could only go here for one year because we had all recently emigrated from Cuba and my father lost his first job here in the states, so I went to public school and after that I didn't want to leave my friends. But I remember you, because of that."
"I'm glad I had the pleasure. Now listen…"
But before he could say anything else the grandmother pointed at him, looked at her, and gauzed the both of them in a flurry of Spanish. Her tone was sharp and insistent and Blaise was taken aback. 
"Look, if I'm holding her elbow too hard I'm sorry."
"No, it's not that. She’s just grateful that you offered to walk her to the car. It’s the kind of gentlemanly thing she doesn't see much of any more. For that matter, she doesn't see as many young people at church as she'd like. Me, I take her to Mass on first Friday's so she can pray for the conversion of Russia and the death of Castro."
"That's nice of you." 
"Oh, and she mentioned that she recognizes you from the J. Rugby Buffington's underwear ads."
Blaise blushed. "Oh, that. Well see, I usually do the sportswear and JUST the sportswear, but the underwear guy was sick one day or didn’t make it in after a party and so when I went in for my shoot the guy throws me this pair of something that looks like lady panties and I spent like five minutes just trying to tell the difference between the front and back and then I said 'no way!' but they said just this once and gosh, Buffington's has been so good to me they're like family and all…"
But Carmelita just looked at him until he realized he'd been babbling too much and he shut up.
"She wasn't saying it in a bad way," she said.
Blaise blushed. Grandma gauzed them in a cloud of Spanish again. They were at the door of her car, an old brown Chrysler.
“What'd she say now?”
"Grandma says you are a much better man than the Okie trash I usually date - or who ask me out, anyway. She says that because I’m pretty too many man-hos hover around me. She would be glad to see me in the company of a fine, strong, Catholic boy."
"I haven't asked you out yet."
She cut her eyes at him. "And I haven't said ‘Yes’."
There was a silence between them and so grandma coughed.
"Look," the girl continued, "I work in a law office where they need someone who speaks English and Spanish and so I meet all these shady lawyers and lawyer-wannabes and I get the come-on all the time. Please tell me you have something lined up besides just modeling underwear?" 
Blaise waved a hand dismissively. "Shoot yes! That gig? That's nothing I hang my hat on. It just fell into my lap and I'm in it for as long as it lasts, and I wait tables too, and all of that's just my way of paying for school so I can study something solid."
"Like what?"
"Like what? Why - like computers, that's what." He had pulled the subject out of thin air but now that he said it, it sounded possible and practical and fine. “Yes sir, computers.” He puffed up a little. He was proud of his career.
Don yelled over to him from across the parking lot. "Blaise - your dad says he's not feeling well. We have to get going."
So Blaise looked quickly at the girl and she looked at him. "So," he said, "can I see you sometime?"
She pretended to demur a moment, then she gave in and gave him her phone number. In truth she thought he was rather fine. After a moment of forgetting his manners he gave her his number too.
"Look, I got to go…" he said.
"I do too," she said. "But you have my number. Now don't forget!" It was a mock scold that was his first embrace in a closer circle of intimacy. It sent him to the moon.
He said he wouldn't, and she pressed him through the driver's window with one last glance of her dark brown eyes in such a way that he could not forget her for days because his head and stomach were so jumpy. He was smitten. Whenever he closed his eyes he saw her beautiful brown stare and her dark red lips. He thought he'd play it cool and wait for a few days to call her but he could not endure it and so called her that very night, and she said yes, and their first date was slated for the coming Saturday, and it was followed by many dates after that, because in truth though she had thought of making him wait because she was very beautiful and had seen boys come and go and heard all their promises and stories, there was something in Blaise's eyes that had made her own eyes fall back into themselves to a degree she had not expected and that, frankly, made her uncomfortable because she was used to being in control of herself. But then she remembered his restored but not tricked out classic T-Bird, and there was something sturdy and stable and reassuring in that, and so she decided that she could like him. She was tired of weenie men with euro-cars. 
*
Carmelita Cortez. It sounds made up but in the inner city where Blaise and Jude first grew up lots of things sounded made up, in that place where some immigrants gave themselves new names like “Buck” and “Phil” and “Larry” to fit in and start over and seem ready to be American.
In that part of town in that part of the decade broken English and nail salons sprouted up faster than mushrooms after rain. Life organized and reorganized like a United Nations but with less arrogance and more efficiency, because its motivation was survival and, a little further in the distance, fulfillment, rest, laughter, and languor. And so you had a whole mix of people and their kids who got used to being around people who at first did not seem much like them but then got to know each other and get along, and you had all sorts of people who did what it took to get a job done, and you got people with names like Carmelita Cortez, American by way of flotillas, and you had them in Catholic parishes in the proximity of waning, pious, dully patriotic people like Blaise Bohrs and his family, who had been in the USA for generations but had never come close to being in charge of anything.
His insides sparked at her. She caught the lightning of his eye - he did not know until then that he had a lightning of his eye. But he did, and it caught on the magnificence of her beauty and charged him to the depths of his newly-minted heart. He felt and treasured that first strong feeling of love, true love; he tested it then looked at her again. He felt his limbs flush to life like they had only been wooden before. The Angel of Unknowing that always guarded Blaise as he lumbered his way through life pulled back her opalescent wings and let him see something brightly and clearly, and because he saw Carmelita with his heart she was more beautiful than all the stained glass that had guarded his existence up til then and he wanted her, and the angel let him see straight ahead farther than usual toward a mark on the horizon that might be his future if he could win it. And the angel wept a little, because it knew both the possibility of reward and the depth of the opportunity of injury it had exposed him to. But in the end its duty was to let Blaise choose.
Blaise and Carmelita were good for each other. He made her think that there might actually be a worthwhile dimension to this flat classless Oklahoma landscape that the bastard Castro had exiled her family to. As for Blaise, she made him want to be better than he had wanted to be before. She actually made him want to learn about computers because they were something sensible.
And so she and Blaise went out evenings while during the day he went to school and waited tables and on the side appeared in the ads for Buffington’s, and I kind of watched out for him and I think I was a little jealous of Carmelita because I was always cautioning him not to fall in love too fast, but this time Blaise ignored me and he was madly in love and so I watched out for him anyway.

From Blaise’s Journal
Rosalind and I appeared together in ads for that upscale strictly local clothing shop “J. Buffingtons,” and those ads appeared in the social pages of the slick soirée-covering talk-of-the-town magazines like Oklahoma Happenin' (later retitled Oklahoma Fancy and later still, Oklahoma: Faces and Voices - A Monthly Panoply of Culture). Their ads appeared alongside numerous photos of tuxedoed Okie Royalty with their many chins or many piles of hair, or else alongside photos of the heirs to these people, all gathered ostensibly to admire art or promote the cure to some disease or to rally to oppose some social blight (a favorite being homelessness near property they owned). 
And I did try going out with Rosalind once but she smacked my hand when I tried to shove it under her blouse and so we both decided we had better just be friends. You’d think she would have remembered that.
Along with waiting tables this side career with Buffington’s sustained me for a while but being formerly athletic I still had an athlete's appetite but not the workout regimen, and in time I got kind of complacent and fat (I should say “hefty” since you could still see where the muscles were underneath the “heft” and could be reawakened with a little effort), but  anyway I eventually had a sordid falling out with the Buffington clan and found myself ousted from their ads and demoted to appearing as a member of the "Flannel Family" in ads for the local home-grown shabby retailer, Tippins. Rosalind followed me there – she fell out with the Buffington’s when she defended me - and so together we played husband and wife in such photogenic features as the Flannel Family Christmas, Flannel Family at the Beach, Flannel Family Camping, Flannel Family enjoying a wholesale lot of nearly unblemished mattresses from a truck that had jackknifed on the highway last week - the Flannel Family wholesomely endorsed all Tippins had to offer. 
But all this is to paint a picture too sordid too soon.

From Rosalind’s Journal
Blaise is painting too sordid a picture too soon, because at the beginning of the Summer he had been optimistic and bright inside and out and in love - the world had been shiny and his future had looked grand because he had the bright new love of Carmelita and she had made him finally want to come outside himself, to be a better man than he had thought he could be, than he had previously thought possible. Summer and Fall they got along just fine. Blaise and Carmelita fell in fast and enrolled for the new school year together and took as many classes in common as they could and in between kisses she said her major was accounting and she was a whiz at numbers and would help him all she could if he tried to learn to code Fortran or Cobol, because computers were the future and programming was kind of like math. He readily accepted and they were fast in love and inseparable companions and life was wonderful even though she drew the line at one certain thing and insisted she was saving herself because there is part of a woman that is a treasure saved for love and you can make a mistake about it only once. He accepted that though it led to many a restless night after their dates, tossing and turning in miserable hot sheets, or else bothering Jude to come over for a beer and throw rocks into the fake lake.
*
While Blaise was busy with Carmelita, Jude had taken to hanging out with his older sister Tess (though she would leave him soon enough for yet another bass player). Jude had initially taken to hanging around that dry flat farm to be with Janet but Janet would have nothing to do with him because she had a brain in her head and knew Jude was dreamy and unsure of himself, and so Jude took to hanging around with Tess, who was older and worldlier anyway and who knew how to pull at a bottle and had already had misadventures of her own and could be a sympathetic ear to his having been kicked out of college for being a “rebel” (or so he told her) and then readmitted on probation. They took to swimming together at Jude's family's pool in cul-de-sac Ritzville, and although she had started out sort of disliking Jude because she thought he was uppity, she took a fancy to his muscles, which themselves had taken a fancy to the frequent exercise of swimming, and so more often than not they ended up in the pool and subsequently in the pool house without a speck of parental supervision because his mom was off campaigning for social justice and mosquito nets for Africans and his dad was organizing corporate fun runs to eliminate diseases.
Janet knew about Jude and her sister and only let on revulsion, but I could sense inside her something else, some jealousy of Tess’s being able to successfully escape their familial oppression. She wasn’t jealous of Jude - or at least she didn’t think so - but she felt jealous of Tess’s ability to flip the bird at the world, and she hated herself for it. It made her scrub the counters in the drugstore at her second job even harder. She hated being jealous of irresponsibility. She longed to escape. She was too good for this place.
Blaise's trouble all began when he slept with Kitty Buffington.

From Blaise's Journal
All my trouble started when that Buffington lady seduced me.

From Rosalind's Journal
Blaise's woes all started with a phone call from Chantilly (the modeling agent who had first discovered him waiting tables). She informed Blaise that Mrs. Buffington (Kitty) had informed her that Mr. Buffington had abruptly left on an extended excursion to Europe with a cadre of his gaudiest buyers and that left Mrs. Buffington alone and in need of an escort to some sort of Guilty Cowboy / Sad Indian Art Cultural Soirée put on by members of the city council and most of the chamber and the usual rabble from the business community and social circles that were perpetually trying to prove that Oklahoma City was a town "on the grow" and worthy of corporate relocations and investments.
She wanted Blaise to escort her just this once, she said, because she was so tired, so tired, of mincing men and her relatives and phonies. And so Blaise reluctantly agreed, though he had to explain it to a disgruntled Carmelita, who did not like the thought of him in a tuxedo on another woman's arm, and she told him he had to break off this Buffington thing if it got the least bit creepy, and the underwear ads had already been kind of creepy. He assured her that old lady Buffington was a dried out old prune almost ten years his senior and it would be only this once and he would figure out how to pawn the duty off on someone else next time, even if it mean throwing up on her tonight.
But it had been easier to disregard Kitty Buffington in theory than it had been when they both had too much champagne in them and he found her crawling all over him in the back of a limo. Things transpired, and then they untangled themselves and he scooted away to get enough room to tuck in his shirt tail with several hasty jabs, and she practiced a face of instant regret. It was a face that always involved fixing her lipstick. It was a face she’d practice after all their subsequent meetings, for there were lots of them - for a while, until her husband discovered and all of a sudden lots of stuff in Blaise’s life began to fall apart.
The Buffington affair was misbegotten from the start and it eventually came to be regretted by all involved, on a personal and business level, eventually (it bears repeating) but Blaise thought he was successfully living two lives and was oblivious to the increasing estrangement of Carmelita, who with a woman’s sense had already started to see past that the first great blush of romance and toward the second thing, except with Blaise she saw no second thing. 
She would consider her relationship with Blaise and could see no second thing he could fit into (this on the level of the unconscious, because in her mind she was still in love), but in her unconscious she began to feel the wide world calling her, or re-calling her (for she had always been fitted in her mind for a big stage), and these stories of herself re-told themselves first at the periphery of her thoughts but then closer to the center, until she saw the person that would grow to become herself, and that person would not be with him. It was not even about the affair. She did not know about the affair yet. It was about a deeper thing inside Blaise, or the absence of a deeper thing, or the existence of a thing of fatedness at his center that was completely alien to her and, in some extremely necessary way, to the world.
He saw her less, she saw him less, but he thought it was because they were both busy in their careers, and so when Carmelita left him he was blindsided and shattered, and he sank into a despondency just about the same time the oil bubble burst and the local and even national economy imploded, and the succession of miseries left him too lethargic to even button himself into flannel for the Tippins ads. I tried to get him out of his rut by letting him join me in a business venture I called “Fashion Shots” in which people could dress up fancy and be someone other than themselves, at least long enough to take a picture (which they could then keep forever), which I ran out of the now semi-deserted mall. I had started it on a whim when someone (Ray Jr., Dale Charboneau) had been diving in the dumpsters behind the commuter college and found all the costumes thrown out when they closed down the drama department to shift its funding to “computers.” 
He joined me at Fashion Shots, but only half-heartedly. There was a tired, fated misery growing inside him. Business was slow, and often he would dress up like Ulysses S. Grant and rake to a whiskey bottle. I would hide the sword that came with the costume. 

From Blaise's Journal
I slept with old lady Buffington after escorting her to some art show and she had been coming onto me all night like a cat in heat what with her gay husband away at some cabana and her life a cold bitter façade anyway and me just drunk enough not to care, especially once she let me feel her tits.
Anyway, the real problem is that after that I went back again and again for seconds, and I got spoiled and lazy, and I knew I did not deserve Carmelita, and - well - she sensed as much about everything and I was stupid enough to think I was getting something more important so I did not care.
A person makes stupid mistakes when they’re young. For weeks I went on thinking I had the best of both and was becoming a man of the world, that I was succeeding in lots of ways with no one the wiser, but that was the beginning of the end and I just didn’t know it.
Still, now and then some good things happened. Carmelita still didn’t want to believe what she already knew, and fought back now and then to deny it, and old lady Buffington moved me from modeling into the offices at Buffington’s, and she let me pretend like I had some say in what fashions went into their lineup for fall, and I think it’s around then that everyone else got pretty wise to what was up, and Mr. Buffington finally got himself a P.I..
Also, in the midst of all that, I remember that time some old man I mowed lawns for (in between all my other jobs and school) died and left me a jewel of a classic car, a 1949 Pierce-Arrow, garage-kept and pristine. He had been a lonely old guy widowed 40 years. I mowed his lawn and afterward would sit on the porch while he gave me a beer and I let him talk my ear off. But when he died it turned out he hadn’t had anybody else in the world and so he left that old car to me, and that car was sweet. I already had a car and didn’t know what to do with another one, but my uncle Dave, who dealt in all things automotive and shady and who owned the car graveyard here in the sticks, offered me the abandoned acres of Boheme in exchange for the vehicle because, as he said, "Look Blaise, I got me a Texas oil man lined up who'll pay top dollar for that car, and you already have that Thunderbird I pieced together for you from spare parts, but those acres, they'll always be there and if the city ever really ever builds out here again those acres will be worth something. I'll give them to you instead of your dad because God knows he'd show no interest in them but you have your future ahead of you. And hell, who knows? There's those ghost town foundations out there and maybe one of those fruit loop artists buried a can of silver dollars or a priceless sculpture or something."
"Fair enough. It's a trade."	
"And I got an old silver airstream trailer from a guy who owed me money - if you take the acres you can have that too. Hell Blaise, you need to get out of the old man's house."
"The deal was good enough already."
"Yeah, but there's one more thing - you got to take this pig."
He lifted a pink piglet from a cardboard box and held it at me.
"What?"
"I took it in trade for car parts. I don't know what came over me. Her name is Bess Truman."
"Good grief - a pig?"
"Look, I'll fix you a pen and she won’t eat much."
"Famous last words. It's a pig."
"Okay, she'll probably grow huge. But it'd be a big favor to me."
"You have an illegal exotic zoo on your back acres, don't you?"
Dave shrugged. "Look, the world of restoring classic cars brings in some big money and some shady characters who like barter as a way to keep transactions off the books. Let's just say I have a creature or two that never graced the landscape of Oklahoma by way of nature. That pig was supposed to be breakfast for one of them, but I ain’t got the heart."
"That zoo's going to land you in the pen someday."
He looked at me. "No Blaise, the illegal gambling will. Being out here in the sticks puts a fellow in the mind to think he can get away with anything. It'll get in your mind. Resist it."
So I looked at him and took the pig. And although I really didn't have room in my life for a pig I took her to get the acres of Boheme. And the afternoon found me and that pig fast friends soon enough, she trotting alongside me just like a dog, and we went metal-detecting out in Boheme that night. Not that he found anything. But I had a hunch that something I needed was there, somewhere, and so I often wandered out there in the nights when Carmelita was working her second job (or said she was) or off with her study groups (she said she was studying), and I would stroll amidst the old slabs of the ghost town not suspecting that soon enough my father would be dead and my girlfriend would leave me with a mortal wound in my heart never to heal in this world, and that Tess would run off with a bass player (again), and Janet would light out in disgust at our father and I would be left alone (well, with a pig), out in the high dry sticks the city was going to build to but never did, and I would be left alone, and in being left alone and seemingly without the grace of God, I would be lost, and then tempted, and then trapped by my temptations into doing horrible things.

From Rosalind’s Journal
Tess and Janet and Blaise were all too busy (or more accurately too successful at their stratagems of distraction) to notice the increasing withdrawal of their father who, with the extra equipment he got from Don, was able to sift and reach the signals to a greater extent than ever before, but still without hearing any messages that he wanted to hear, any shred of hope, and instead only filled himself with news of the misdeeds men did to each other, in this country and that, atrocity upon atrocity, and violence upon violence, with no inkling of the ministering angels that had guided him and watched over him as a young man in the Pacific in World War II, that had seen him into the jaws of harm and through harm when he was too young to realize the terror he was in, and had guided him back home, and let him find his one true love but then had taken her from him without dignity, without warning, without a single signal of reassurance thereafter, leaving only his self and the void, and a hiss from every corner of the world in every language from every preacher who wanted his own life of sin and prosperity licensed by the Crucified Lord and Amway that it was all somehow his fault because God had left him.
At last he turned to what some old scientists had attempted, what he had gleaned from a hunk of badly damaged technology and some scant burnt pages rescued from one small cave in his island-hopping days in the Pacific.
He built a machine to talk to the dead. The trouble is the dead don't talk. So he built a machine to talk to the angels, but it was only visited by the prideful lonely ones who cannot even talk to one another but can talk to men, but only to tempt them.
"Everybody dies. Kill yourself and join her."
And Blaise in his despair, years later, turned to his old man’s notes and books, but not before first exacting his punishment on all of the human voices that had distracted his father from hope. That is to say, he jammed all the signals of the human princes of the air, and it was, in its own way, as famous as the New York blackout of a generation earlier. That led to his first ten-year sentence in prison.

Did You Find Out Where He Gets His Money? - Part 2
The lean hollow man, Laredo, who had hounded the owner of the bait store now hissed into a pay phone in late afternoon. The voice on the other end interrogated him.
"Did you find out where he gets his money?"
"I didn’t even meet him. But I talked to the guy at the baitshop. He said I could meet him there tonight."
"Well find out where he gets his money. His dad never had any, and he sure doesn't get it mispainting folks' house numbers or mowing old folks' lawns for charity or shooing possums and raccoons from people attics, and he sure doesn't get it from that gawd-awful junk art he welds on late into the night then trots up front to lower everyone else’s property values. He might get it from Boheme. That land's worth something now."
"Look, I’ll find out okay?" Laredo said.
"I think he owes you something. Look, if he's expecting you to meet him tomorrow, you do something else - you break into that house or trailer of his instead, while he's at that baitshop waiting for you, and find his secrets."
"Break in? I'm not so sure."
"Now listen, you suck it up and do what you have to do. You love me, don’t you?”
He hesitated so she asked again.
“Yes, of course, Mother.”
“I'm sorry I'm pressing you so much. I just know that you deserve the best. We deserve the best."
 “Okay – I’m sorry our father left you. But break in? I’m not so sure…”
He heard her hang up, so he hung up. He had a day to kill before he met Jude and Blaise at the baitshop. He wondered if he hated and had hated Blaise as much as she had told him. Life is a backwards telescope that never lets us see what we thought we saw, he thought. 
He headed back to Lucky Day Motors to see if he couldn't make a few more sales.

The Present: From Jude's Journal
Blaise has let me read his rewrite of Rosalind’s rewrite of his journal. I want to interject something here that bears repeating: Blaise was often hidden from his own motives and the consequences of his deeds by an Agent of Unknowing. He waded in and out of misadventures and circumstances the way others try on clothes. His own unconscious perception of this unique status of protection made him careless. I once tried to explain to Blaise that he shouldn't trust anyone, but he ignored me. It was late one night near the college, after a night class, and his car had broken down. It was November and cold and as I drove home from a night class I saw his car pulled over to the side of the road. 
I pulled up the road and he came trotting up to my window. I rolled it down and heard him shout, “Distributor cap's cracked.” He left himself into the passenger side.
He asked that I should drive him to his old man's house - he had a spare distributor cap there - he had a spare of everything - the car was made from spare parts. So I agreed. 
We drove the dirt roads to his house and saw the one lone small house in the distance in front of us and out behind it a smaller building with an orange square of light in one window.
Blaise sighed. “He’s at it again. See that light in the shack out back? That's him.” 
"Should I drive you up there?"
"Good God no. Just pull up to the house. There's an air of death in that shack that I don't want any part of."
"Surely you care about your old man."
He turned to me. "I used to care. Now I only hope I don't get pulled in with him." He thanked me and then walked in the darkness up the dirt drive to their house.
I remember it was autumn and cold because in my mind I see his head hunched down and his hands buried in his jacket.  In my mind I seem to recall that this was before he broke up with Carmelita, but the clear memory of the jacket tells me it was after. It is hard to remember after all this time. I just remember that the heater in my car had broken and it was cold. It has cost me more than I wanted to fix that heater.

Chapter 3: The Breakdown
From Blaise's Journal: My Father
Rosalind does not know my father well enough to give him a fair representation. In all things I must correct that. Perhaps she means well but she does not know the era and the forces and the circumstances that made him, or made me, or would have made use of both of us to do what they wanted, if we had allowed it, if the forces had their way.
She does not understand the era or its temptations or potentialities. She does not see the interstices of math and technology and angels. Good grief, she has one of the last dial-up internet connections in the country.
What is important to remember is this: they shot rockets to the moon when I was a kid. My dad taught me to love the space race and the great leaps in invention that propelled it.
My dad understood just how great an achievement manned space exploration was. He was a scientist of sorts - an engineer anyway, but with a fertile mind. He understood every nuance of electricity, of radiometry, and he appreciated the great achievements made through their application. He worked on the first American radar in WW II. He helped build and maintain the communication and the navigation systems for planes and then for rockets. He knew how to make machines triangulate their positions from the North Star without ever having to talk to a human soul. He knew how to make machine talk to machine.
Dad went nuts. He actually figured out how to hack a satellite. No one knew about it - NASA or the NSA or whoever must've thought it just went buggy, but he was using it, in his last days, to scour for any sign, anything. No matter how much he widened his scope, he got nothing. 
Twenty years ago he ended his life in a shack out back, locked in with the best grey-cased vintage electronic equipment a mad man could cobble together, trying to find the signals that would tell him his life was not shit and he wasn't alone. He never found them.
My mother (his second wife) had died. My older brother, Ben, had died. My older sister Tess had left town with a bass player - again. My younger sister, Janet - the only sensible person in the family - had her own misfortune and was not seen or heard from since she told my dad to stop his foolishness but he did not.
So when he died he left it all to me - the dirt farm in the sticks he had traded the suburban dream for and his arcane radio technology that nobody could understand. The stench of death was over all of it - the farm and the shack and what was inside it. Grey walls covered in dials and knobs with no labels and no indication of what they could do. He left it to me.
I did not give a shit about any of it until my own life went to hell, and I was swallowed up by loneliness itself, and I found out it was a genetic thing, that gaping vortex of black just behind the cerebral cortex of the more Germanic males in my family, the void, the desire to be loved more than love can offer, the hatred and the hurt at wanting to be loved too much, the longing that overplays itself and inevitably leads to being left alone. I found all of that. And then I re-found his shack. And then I began to finally understand what was inside.
Jude says I should have gone to see a psychiatrist - the pill-prescribing kind, not the talking kind. Words are no good he said, just pills. He is on a bunch of pills himself. He teaches water color painting for adults at the night college, for Pete's sake. How could any man be calm enough for that? He won't admit how many kinds of prescription drugs he takes. I will look through his medicine cabinet next chance I get. But he is sensible like that, and I ignore him, just like I ignored him then.
After my life went to hell I found my father's books, his notes, educated myself on electronics from scratch, followed through the thick grey 1930's and 1940's tomes on the oscillations of the atom, the cycles of the particles and waves, the ways of the diode and tube and later the transistor, the mystery of wave-and-particle-at-once they accepted on its own terms, but in more secret books than respectable men actually claimed to understand, in public anyway, like a secret handshake with the unknown.
After I fell into my depression and I taught myself all this, I once more visited his old TV repair partner Don in his hell hot inner city house. Dad had known Don since Korea and they had been partners in an electronics repair business afterwards, until the old man went nuts and lived alone for nearly a decade. After he died and I bottomed out, I worked with Don to finally wrest the last secrets from him, though he suspected that had been my sole goal all the time, but he was old and in ill health and needed help, and his own son Don Jr. (Laredo) had abandoned him in favor of the suburbs. Laredo was worthless. He was worse than worthless - he was lazy and disloyal, and when even those traits didn't get him anywhere (that is to say, when his mother's second husband wise up and kicked them out), he turned evil. He knew I had buddied up with his old man and learned all his secrets, and then he wanted to get those secrets from me. But I was not about to give them. I had been Don Sr.'s only company in his old age and when he died it was me, and not Laredo, who was left his books and his tools and his secrets as well - that is, the secret he and my dad claimed to have discovered, the one that drove my father nuts and that Don dared not touch and kept locked away in a hidden book and made him caution “never invite somebody in you can’t kick out.”
And then I returned to the shack, and I lived in there for months. And finally I understood it, and found out what my father had been sending signals to, and what he was obsessing over. And then I found the one thing he had overlooked, his own blind spot, obscured by his fixation on his personal tragedy, and I moved it aside, and I flipped the switch he had overlooked, and I began to hear, and in hearing, began to be told what to do.
It is an icy choice. All our choices come from the near-absolute zero of space, our whole planet floats in it. We have very few real choices of our own. The voice that is not our own gives us terrible choices as to what to do.
I made four mistakes, in the following order: I lost my girl; I did not save my dad from his despair; I jammed the frequencies of those who fill the airwaves with garbage and got sent to jail; I got out only to fall in with a man who wanted to use my skills to talk to the devil, and first I helped him but then I burned him down. And now, finally, I am out of jail again, and I am at peace, but I am also waiting for the end of the world. And while I was in prison I figured out how to cause it - the end of the world, that is - should I want to.
Jude says I should find something better to do than that, and my sister Janet agrees. And so I think I am going to look for a bride in the Philippines. A buddy of mine since high school joined the navy years ago and then settled there, and he says I should join him and that the gals there are not all crazy yet like American girls. He says I can teach English or fix radios or cars or something and hug on pretty girls in the Philippines. That sounds good to me.
Look, I have done a lot of bad things and I'm sorry, and I have no one to blame but myself. I listened to the voices where my father heard nothing and I am fairly sure I am not the better for it. I now wrestle to be lonely again or be saved. 
Jude says he has a pill for this but I wave him off. He needs a tacklebox to organize all the pills he takes.
*
They didn't used to throw away TV's when I was a kid either; they fixed them. Before everything was microcircuitry, when radios and televisions were made with transistors or vacuum tubes and wires and resistors and capacitors like cans and diodes and everything inside a cabinet so you didn't see the guts but they were there, and took up a substantial amount of space so you could see or hear your precious product-sponsored entertainment, laugh cry learn or burl with outrage at the faces and voices of people you really did not know but felt familiar with, they fixed things.
Well, some people fixed things - people who knew how to fix things. And my father was one of them. He knew more than how to replace a tube - he knew the laws of electro-magnetism, knew why the angels of the unseen energy danced the way they did, knew the reason and rules they used to flow through diodes, to wait and discharge their capacitance, to oscillate at this sine curve or that, to merge then part then orchestrate them come together fired from an electron gun 1000 directions at once (or to you, it seemed at once) to make a face on a cathode tube or vibrate the carbon paper stretched across a magnet to bring you to the edge of your chair straining to hear the outcome of a voice spinning tales of mystery or murder or romance.
He knew their rules and reasons, these small charged particles men yoked with gates and rules and weights and discharges and patterns and resistance so that you could listen and laugh and cry and learn from people who weren't important to you but whom you invited into your house much more often than your own neighbors - he knew them and they knew him. And they respected him.
I blamed myself for learning too little of his art. He was of the generation that said a little and achieved a lot; I was of the generation that said too much and thought too much and forgot how to work, and forgot how things worked. One generation had spun miles of steel and poured oceans of concrete and tarmac and spun enough electrical wire to loop the planet countless times and yoked rockets and cast satellites and thrown bridges and dams across improbably wide canyons, and the next generation threw reams of words at themselves, inside of themselves, to ponder fruitless questions that religion or science had already answered, and in short fell into a love of worrying - except in real worrying you care, and they didn’t care - of seeming important to paper, to avoid their unwillingness to measure or learn or understand; they pretended to obscure the obvious fact that they did not know why the electrons danced, and the electrons sensed this and did not respect them, nor should they have. And the lazy generation papered over that, too - the shame they should feel but did not, because they had too much pride and nothing to string it on but too many words and the idea of every man a Hamlet - every man, that is, who couldn't balance a check book but had great ideas for the social engineering of every man other than his own self - or, if feeling generous - of his own caste - but could not understand the world much less tell a decent joke or write a song worthy of the media that brought the world to the masses and the masses to a world that resembled the actual one less day by day.
My dad's people were German, but his father's family had left for America and they had been farmers first in Tennessee, then in Illinois, then in Oklahoma. He was a dreamy boy in a house full of bossy sisters. He made one of the first crystal radios in the state from a chunk of galena ore that fell from one of the many passing train cars. He combed the air with that chunk of ore and a cat's whisker and an antenna strung out his window and along the rooftop, then to a tree. He enlisted in the navy in WW II to escape the boring farm and his bossy sisters and to keep from getting drafted into the infantry. He spent an aimless life aboard a minesweeper in the South Pacific clearing island harbor after island harbor so the Marines could smoke the Japs out of their caves. Only Truman's atom bombs kept him from probably dying in the impending assault on the Japanese mainland. But he only occasionally thought of this. He was into radio. He maintained the ship's radios. 
Someone found out he knew German. He talked in his sleep. His buddies almost strung him up when they found this out and they turned him in to the CPO. The CPO was smart enough to know that he was harmless, but he put him on hard duty for a while just to appease the other men. Bohrs changed his name to Bores sometime later as a result of that, but maybe not legally. The family name went back and forth between Bores and Bohrs ever after, stateside. I took the latter.
On some south sea isle after the Japs had been cleared out of their caves with flamethrowers and a few grenades, they found an odd-looking piece of radio equipment inside along with a few charred remaining pages of a manual, written in German. The CPO heard about this and remembered the kid who spoke German and so he had the kid called over to the frigate and showed him the pages, but the kid looked them over and said he could only speak German, not read it beyond a few words he'd seen on his mom's grocery lists, and so they thanked him for trying. But what the young man had told them was not completely true. He could read more German than he let on and he had a hunch what the pages were about - he kenned their core thesis - but what they described was impossible. And if possible, it terrified him. He would've given anything to get his hands on the electronics equipment they found, but he heard them discussing how badly it was damaged and how there were only bits of it left, and they surmised it had been nothing more than some kind of souped up shortwave transmitter/receiver for keeping in touch with the latest gossip from Tojo and Hitler, and counter-intelligence gave them permission to blow it up and dump it to the bottom of the sea.
And that was that, and after the war he went to electronics school but in his small town they could not teach him anything and he had seen too much of the world and was too smart-ass to listen to book-learning professors, so he signed up for the only place a poor kid with a big brain could get a first class education in a technical field - the forces. This time he enlisted in the Air Force (recently liberated into its own branch of the services - formerly the Army Air Corps) and in one of those million-to-one incidents that sometimes happen in life, the higher-up matched an enlisted man with his aptitude and set him to studying electronics under men who knew the hardware and the math, and he soaked it in like a dry sponge, studying electrons and radiometry and then their applications in communication and navigational systems, and more, and he passed all of their tests and made up lessons of his own and what he learned he sometimes shared but more often kept to himself, because the first thing any enlisted man ever learns is to never volunteer. But from what he knew he rose as high as an enlisted man in his field of service could, and first he had to fix all kinds of shit, and then he had men under him who had to fix all kinds of shit and make sure the squadrons worked, and occupation duty in Japan led to more warfare in Korea, and by the end of Korea he was a career man and the Cold War was his employer, and mostly he was tasked with seeing to it that the B-52s remained aloft 24 x 7, always circling the globe, from Guam and from Minot, always ready to drop their H-Bomb payloads on the Ruskies or the Chicoms in case someone got an itchy finger and WW III happened.
Well that, and along the way he got married. He was not a big man but he had a smart mouth and his first wife could have been a Vargas pin-up girl, but she was from at least as low a station as he was, and after a while she hated every minute of life in Guam and Okinawa, and anyway she died giving birth to their only child together, my older brother Ben. And when she died he found out that they had not had much in common but that his heart was still wounded deeply, and he missed the very space she used to occupy, and he felt her ghost in the spaces where she should have been, and he only realized he had loved her very much once she was gone, and then he had his first inkling that life was not only a joke but a cruel one.
Some time in the late 1950's, after Korea but before Vietnam, the base CO called him up. Now he kept things running for the base CO, but being enlisted, he never moved on the same level as the CO, never interacted with him, but this time the base CO had him called up to his office and there in his office he saw a tall thin man with a narrow clipped moustache and a foreign look standing beside the CO's desk, looking manicured and wearing a narrow-lapelled grey suit and holding a stylish fedora in his hand like he hoped he'd be mistaken for Robert Oppenheimer. The man looked over my father like a farmer might appraise a horse at auction and the CO said, "Bores meet Bohrs!" My dad looked the man over and realized he was face-to-face with one of the captured German scientists, a Western prize of the war. The scientist could not hide his disdainful gaze but then he put on a smile - a simper - and said a few words in German. When my father answered with the perfunctory returned pleasantries, the man's face got a bit more serious, like a lecturer's, and he said something more elaborate, and the enlisted man responded. Finally the German unleashed a jaw-breaking carved-out-of-rock string of ten minutes worth of consonants with only an occasional vowel thrown in and accompanied with hand gestures and a rise in temperament that mixed fervor with scorn and one could see how Hitler would have figured out how to push his buttons, and when he finished he was almost winded and he looked pridefully and challengingly at my father like a professor who had decided to play a game of "gotcha" at some poor student's thesis defense, but my dad just shrugged his shoulders. "Leider - ich keine verstehen," he said.
The German relaxed and smiled a broad, patronizing smile. He turned to the CO. "Thank you so much for letting me make the acquaintance of a distant relative. He is a bright man - a gifted man - and I am proud to have met him. But he would be of no assistance to me and my researches."
The CO smiled blandly - one more ceremonial thing off his plate for the day - and he turned to and thanked my father, and CMS Bores responded with appropriate politeness. He saluted his way back out of the offices and into the tropical air and once there he lit a cigarette and turned the fragment of the big idea the scientist had ranted about over in his mind.  "No way in hell I'm helping a damn Nazi scientist and Uncle Sam make a device to talk with the devil," he said.
He was glad to get back to work on planes.
His brand was Pall Mall (reds first, then gold).
During a brief stint of training at an Air Force base in Oklahoma he met his second wife, my mother, who was as different from the Vargas wife as one could imagine, and she had one of the kindest natures God ever doled out, and she was in all ways too good for his smart-ass self, but she brought out the better nature in him because of it, and he found out he could love in a compassionate, nurturing way, and he lost (for a while) his innate tendency to distrust everyone and feel smarter than everyone - because she was smarter than he was or at least her niceness was way better than his smartness and came from a place his smartness couldn't touch, and he knew it and loved her.
And that is where I came from, and my older sister Tess and my younger sister Janet, and that is how it came that, when Dad retired, he settled back in Oklahoma, to make a house and life for the woman who had put up with too many globe-trotting deployments. But when he lost her he lost everything, and I didn't help him.

They Made a Machine to Talk to the Dead
During the war they made the mistake in thinking that, to talk to the dead, you needed some object from the other side to act like a tuning fork, to harmonize the frequencies and thus speak back and forth with the hereafter. They wasted a lot of time digging for something that would work, and lined the pockets of many peddlers in fake artifacts. The truth is they were off the mark. The truth is that you just had to find the right frequency to listen to the void, to hear the sound of the silence once all the other sounds of life and motion were tuned out. It is surprisingly difficult to do, but once you can do it, you can separate the Limiter from the Limitless, and hear the UnBeing.
Why would you want to talk to the dead? The point is to get answers from people who cannot or will not talk otherwise. The point is always to answer questions, the first and foremost of which is, "Is there anything after death?"
The point is to talk to people who can't or won't or didn't talk to you, to answer the questions that nag your life - not so much to tell you what to do, but to tell about what you did and whether it was right or wrong, and whether things would have turned out better if you had done something different. 
Why won't you talk to me anymore? 
What did I do to offend you?
Why didn't you say anything before you left me forever?
The point is not to learn about the future. The point is to excuse what you have already done or plan to do. Oh sure, some people want to know who to marry or what pony to bet on - what the books call "divination" -  but there are plenty of other venues of prognostication for that - dice, tarot, computers. But the point of talking to the void is to know whether anything we did, or ever will do, will ever matter. 
For those in earthly power, the fear is that the second world will justifiably abase them. They fear the powerless will have dominion over them. They seek assurance it will not. And evils tell them what they want to hear, about the next world, so that they will do the devil’s work in this one.
But in all cases, in the end, the power that people want is to compel an answer from people who will not or did not answer them. It is the temptation to be a torturer. No matter how innocent or sincere they seem, people who want answers really want the power to compel reassurance from the silence. In that they differ in no great degree from torturers, and once they embrace this there are spirits who are willing to oblige, not to provide an answer, but to get inside them.
"Why didn't you say anything to me before you left me?"
"What could I have done differently to make you stay?"
"If I could unknit the past and make the whole world new again, would you change your mind and be mine forever?"
There are questions fools will ask, and in compelling answers, let the devil in.
“An angel rides
Earth like a chariot,
its sphere enfolded in his wings,
and steers it towards oblivion
and the blessings that it brings.
To plunge it through a purging fire
to burn distortion from desire,
to yoke our willfulness to purpose,
to cast us towards what came before us.”

Chapter 4 - The Breakdown, Part 2
From Rosalind’s Journal
 “Carmelita might come back.”
“No Blaise,” Janet had told him. “She won’t come back.”
But he hadn’t believed her and so he hung around the sub-suburbs while his friends left and the money disappeared and the once-dynamic community atrophied to nothing and his own life with it.
There are adventures to tell of the interim. I may tell them, but not now. Things stopped slowly - should I describe the skid marks or the skid? In the end the thing to know is that his life stopped, like a car in a ditch.
Carmelita left. He quit Tippins. He quit Fashion Shots. Janet left. His father killed himself and then Blaise had just quit - period. 
For a period of years or months (none of us can quite agree) he was alone alone. He almost literally did not move. What things he did (wake, watch, eat, shave, feed Bess), he did almost mechanically, as a robot with (sometimes) a self inside.
But then something remarkable occurred. A book fell open and taught him its secrets.
*
One fateful morning after an all-night PBS marathon of “Man’s Conquest of Space” specials (it being pledge week) he had overslept and this prompted Bess Truman to ram her piggy head into the side of his silver Airstream to wake him up, and in doing that she dislodged a book from his shelves, and it fell open and he noticed something. It, or something in it, caught some remaining non-self-pitiful wisp of his consciousness and  teased a little of himself out of himself. The book was called the Untold Complete History of Electronics, and it had been his fathers.
The book had fallen open to a page, and there on the page, circled and starred by his father’s spidery scrawl with red ink was a passage that read:
"Every signal receiver must (however inefficiently) also act as a transmitter.”
It captured his mind. He picked up the book and looked at it. He read it again and again, first by itself and then in context. Something got caught in the worn-down hooks of his. He actually made a fresh pot of coffee and changed the light bulb over his table so he could read.
He read well into the morning, and by noon the idea had occurred to Blaise as to what he might do, how he might detect and capture him or them - the imps of the unseen, the agents of fate, the things that take all things from men and bury them but leave them alive in a hole without an answer. He would catch a glimpse of God, who, as he thought of Him these days, was nothing more than a miserable imp.
When he was done with this book Blaise made another pot of coffee and then read another, and then ten more, and sometime during the course of it day turned into night turned into day again and he had opened the windows. The air in his trailer began to be fresh. Days passed into days and he absorbed all the books’ knowledge with a mad, preternatural alacrity. He read them while he showered. He read them while he brushed his teeth, he read them while he shaved - and at the end of the third day he emerged from his trailer into a bright clear morning both purposeful and mostly clean.
He knew what he would do. He had a very clear idea. He went to his old car and it still ran and he drove resolutely from the suburbs back to the old inner city Catholic parish of his childhood and dropped in on his dad’s old electronics partner, Don. It was Spring but Don’s still had his house stoked to the temperature of hell. Blaise walked in and talked to Don for four or five hours in sibilant tones that drowsed the crew-cut old man and extracted every secret that he knew. He then deftly convinced him to let him start up the old electronics repair business. 
Blaise started it and commandeered all of its equipment and ran it well for months. Blaise came back to life. And after maybe half a year the day arrived for his plan to come to fruition - the reason he had restarted the old business in the first place.
He was a man of spryness and alacrity at that time, and he headed into the shower and over the water's rush heard the phone machine sending out its last few automated calls: "Hello! This is Don from Don's TV Repair. I'll be by for your three-month check­up and repair today. I appreciate your business - you're like the family that I never had! If you're experiencing any specific problems, please describe them at the tone."
The key to his plan was the recording devices he had attached to every television he serviced. He meant to catch a glimpse of the unknown, interfering in the lives of men, causing dissent in the happiest of homes, turning good fortune into bad and making good men evil.
In some cases it had been three months since he saw his clients last, in some just two weeks, in others two years. But because the service was free they bought the premise. And in truth Blaise did good work. "Oh Don," they said, "The TV’s wonderful again!" And although Blaise was not Don, he was pleased; the shirts said 'Don', the van said 'Don', and so he went became Don to them.
It was a lovely but hot spring day when he went out to retrieve the recordings, the day that ended in him doing what he did.  Already his uniform - grey twill slacks, short-sleeved white shirt with "Don" stitched on the pocket in red cursive letters - was beginning to stick to him.
He would repair the TV’s; he would retrieve his recording devices; he would see if he had captured any evidence of Him or them.
And that evidence would fit into his even bigger scheme - for over the past several months of his reanimation, a mania had possessed him. He had done more than re-start the family business. He had built a radio, then a transmitter. He had torn them apart 1000 times and built them again. He had destroyed and rebuilt them so often he could do so in his sleep.  At nights he built the machines to do the things the whispers told him to do, but in daylight he destroyed them because he would not do it. Repairing TV’s was enough.
But on the 1001st time, when he was clearing out his trailer and randomly discovered an old note from Carmelita scribbled in a textbook they used to share saying “Meet me - call me! Love you!” - well, that and a doodle of a cat - she doodled cats - he made the decision to do the bigger thing he had been planning, the thing the things inside him were compelling him to do. It resulted in a broadcast that took half the frequencies in North America offline. In it he cursed the world for what it had done to his father. 
His primary radio telescope was constructed of acres and acres chain link fence, sagging unobtrusively in a gully near the north end of his acres. A cable snaked from the antenna to a computer-laden shack nearby. Once he decided that he would do what he had been planning, he worked in even more of a mania. In order to do what he had decided to so, he had to fully believe in the ideas he had only conjectured, and so he believed. At night he would pull the "Don's TV Repair" van right up to the shack and duck inside from dusk until the dawn, until the sun began to hoist itself in the east and shatter all the truant silver signals like a glass menagerie, dispersing the clues and the hope that one-in-a-trillion of the spinning worlds out there had cast its tyrant myth aside and glimpsed its freedom.
He also had arm-thick jumper cables at the ready to steal electrical power from the local utility’s substation by the lake. Once he had connected those without killing himself the rest was easy. Not a single household in America got to see the end of “CBS Brave Housewife Theater” that night. They saw him instead. He did have the courtesy to tell the viewing audience that the brave housewife always won, often in a way that symbolically, if not actually (this being prime-time), castrated her cheating husband.
As he was preparing to leave to gather his recordings he saw the bottle of Wild Turkey on the little table by the door. The millionth or ten millionth incarnation of his first seductive drink. Famous lovers they were in another age; now they've both come back a little tired.
The bottle guarded the door. Many days and many plans had tried to pass that door only to be captured by her amber gaze, delayed, dissolved. "Stay here," she said; again: "Stay with me, think and wait - why this urgency?"
But something had been preparing in him for this culminating day for a long time, so although he felt the bottle's pull her argument failed. So she switched tactics: "Then take me with you," she said.
Touché! His subconscious had not fenced off this approach. He saw no harm in taking her along. They set out into the bright spring day together, and it was a day that ended up with Blaise waking up in a small town sheriff’s office, tied in a chair.  
*
When he awoke in the sheriff’s office it was already night-time and it took him a while to remember what he done that day. The drinking had made it kind of a blur and now his head hurt and some law man was yelling at him and he mostly just wanted some water. Cold water - some down his throat but also some on his face.
As he sat there, however, the stars visible through the open window helped him remember. He had done the thing his father had designed but never done, the thing that he himself had finally begun to contemplate in the hot lonely years since his father’s demise.
A law man was questioning him - the man’s black suit screamed “federal” although the office he was in obviously belonged to a small-town sheriff.
 “Again,” the man asked. “Why did you do it? Were you looking for a loophole in our national communications security?”
“I don’t remember.”
“Then let’s look at the video again, Mr. Bohrs, and see what you said.”
Blaise awoke enough to notice he was handcuffed in a wooden chair. What the hell had he done again? Oh yes - he’d jammed the signals.
A night breeze came through the window. It smelled sweet, he thought, like lilacs.
The federal agent had a TV set up in front of him, but for a moment Blaise stole a glance out the window to see two young lovers seated in a booth in the drugstore window across the street. Ah, sweet romantic small-town America. They were sharing a malt. But now, all of a sudden, the girl pulled back and they were arguing.
But the agent coughed and clicked a switch and the TV came to life and so Blaise looked at it instead.
His own face appeared in the middle of the screen, a recording of the transmission he’d sent out just hours before. So Blaise sat watching a video of himself and tried to remember where he had gotten that deep-sea diving helmet from.
“Fellow citizens, I’m sorry to interrupt this program but I must act quickly. It’s the still of the night and sanity’s upon me. This moment of revelation was made possible because stitched my freedom together across the years in scattered moments of eclipse when I was sane. I’m here to free you from the signals.”
The video showed Blaise broadcasting from the shack on his father’s back acres. There was a keyboard at his fingertips and a bank of television screens behind him. Blaise (in the sheriff’s office) concentrated on them. They showed the evidence he’d stored across the years to damn the universe. 
One was a video of a man without hope dying, finally, in a shack in summer, despite the pleas of his one and only son to hand the gun to him.
“Don’t touch that dial! I’ll return you to your program in a moment! My exposition will be brief and may actually secure your freedom if you’ll seize it.” 
His sister Janet was shown on another screen, a picture taken when she had just become a slender and confident though somewhat inward girl of sixteen. 
On another screen was a picture of his father and himself, taken by the local action alert news crew that day in August three years ago when Blaise alone had been able to talk the old man out of his ham radio‑cluttered outpost for the first time. In one hand he was taking a gun from him, and between his other hand and his father’s there was a jewel of light, their fingers having not quite met yet. The dust of dry and untilled acres surrounded them. The old man’s eyes were bewildered, the last remnant of unconscious hopeful love, bequeathed from long-passed youth, all but completely extinguished. Blaise’s eyes looked scared and tired. The old man had jammed a local radio station with a suicide threat that day. But this was the time Blaise had been able to talk him out of it. The next time he had sent no signal. He had given up sending them out and Blaise had lost the power to persuade him and had arrived too late.
Another screen briefly showed two lovers back to back in bed, before spiraling through and repeating, lightning fast, a montage of things he had recorded with his television diagnostic devices, a blur of still photographs of all things seen and obscene - too often too fast to tell, but now and then dwelling on a particular image that came around in the loop. “Every signal receiver must (however inefficiently) also act as a transmitter.” The first prototype of the device had barely fit in a 40 gallon Rubbermaid trash can, but Blaise had perfected them, miniaturized them, and installed them in his clients’ houses - diagnostic devices for their TV sets, designed to save them hundreds of dollars by instantly pinpointing the source of their problems. Wired into the sets’ own circuitry they could spy to finds traces of the previously thought improbable, invisible gods or demons who set lovers back to back and otherwise acted as catalysts of mistakes and downfalls. And everywhere he looked saw them, just as smudges or unexpected flashes of light, but once he saw them each became the miniscule inflated into the incalculable, the accidental blown into the irreconcilable irrecoverable act, the worm disguised as angel gaining entrance to the heart only to destroy it. He saw these things. For every drama there was a radiation, and for every radiation an imp.
The remaining screen showed the night sky from a camera perched on top of his mast antenna to see beyond the distortion of city lights. It showed the heavens cold and wheeling and unanswering and slow, indifferent and mocking patience in contrast to the imps below.
Seated in that lawman’s office and watching the screens behind the Blaise on the screen, his eyes strayed back to the image of his younger sister Janet. His older sister Tess had left the misbegotten farm house as soon as she could, but Janet, the responsible one - she stayed behind. But then she did the thing to rebel against herself because her self would not rebel against her father, and she ended up pregnant, and it was her father’s indifference to her pregnancy that injured her the most. And she resolved to leave.
“No, stay here please,” Blaise had said. “For me. If you are here then maybe I can get myself back together. Then Carmelita might come back.”
“She won’t come back.”
“Well then stay here for me - for a little while.”
And so she did - but only for a little while. 
Once he’d learned that Janet was pregnant Jude boasted to anyone and everyone who could hear that he’d personally hunt down and kill the man, but Janet knew this was all bluster - that is to say, just Jude - but after a while it got on her nerves and she told Blaise not to let him come to their house any more. And so he didn’t, and that gave Jude the catalyst he needed to get himself away from that depressing place and back to school (if only for a while - he flunked out again). 
Janet became reclusive, hiding in her room; Blaise knew she was having secret conversations on the phone with Tess. She was planning to leave. But occasionally she would come out into the front room looking swollen and bodily weary and their eyes would brush and he’d try to say something but she’d interrupt:
“Get out, Blaise. This place will kill you.”
“But Dad…”
“He’s dead already.”
He would deny it but without much vigor and she knew she was right but she’d change the subject.
“Blaise, I need some ice cream, Rocky Road,” or simply, “Blaise - beef jerky. Teriyaki.” 
But one time her expression looked odd so Blaise approached and sat.
“You understand what this is all about, don’t you?” she asked, resting one hand on her stomach. “This is all a joke,” she said.
“Looks real.”
“Not just that.”
“Then what?”
“These last few years. He won’t pull out of it and we are only killing ourselves. Tess is coming to pick me up tomorrow. Leave with us.”
“Dad needs me here.”
“You’ll die.”
“I won’t.”
She said nothing; there was a strange expression on her face. For one instant it was completely unfurrowed and unlined, balanced with an illusion of translucence that gave  warm light to her chestnut-brown eyes, and she looked off at something Blaise couldn’t see.
“Maybe you won’t die. Maybe there’s a plan for everything.”
Then she looked at Blaise again. It made him uncomfortable to see her like a muse. It was worse than seeing her in her underwear.
“Run and get me a Butterfinger.”
Blaise leapt at the chance to run to the convenience store to get it for her, but when he got back Janet was gone. She had departed with Tess. The tire tracks were still fresh in the dirt. 
Blaise’s father did not get over the loss of Janet. He blamed himself; he retreated further into his shack, secluding himself for hours in the heat of summer, scouring the signals for reassurance until the day he wouldn’t come out.
A crowd had gathered. When Blaise approached the shack the old man moved into view and stood in the door with a gun to his head. His eyes were hollow and he moved mechanically. Blaise said something and the old man at first began to move toward his son but then he fell.
Blaise held his hand out and his father almost took his son’s hand but then did not. For one brief moment a jewel of light shone between their two hands. If even today a hawk were to sweep and scour the unbreakable plain he might spot it, even now, the lighted jewel extended one last time between his hand and Blaise’s. But then the old man recoiled as if stung by a snake and hugged his knees, brow wrinkled, his mouth silently moving as if trying to knit noun and verb together one final time, to speak some preposterous myth that would join motive with motion and give his life meaning, if even to just drag him across one more minute. But then he jumped up like a mad man and raced back into the shack, and then Blaise heard a shot.
The news crews asked Blaise how he felt. He felt nothing.
Blaise retreated into his silver airstream for a blur of months or years - an indefinable time. Carmelita never came back. Tess and Janet never came back. And then one day, a book fell open in front of him.
*
Blaise sat in the sheriff’s office and saw the action news crew footage. And then the image shifted and froze on the gap between his hand and his father’s that he hadn’t been able to close, while his father’s lips moved silently. 
Blaise, in the sheriff’s office, shouted at the image of his father.
"What are you trying to say?  That you hate God? That He sets traps there's no escape from, save for His own omnipotent grace that He withholds? Hold out this time, for me. I'll help you..."
The Blaise on the video, the Blaise broadcasting and jamming the signals earlier that night, cursed God for him. He challenged and defied Him to show Himself, and he taunted that He dare not reveal Himself because it would show Him to be nothing but an imp, a tiny being who hangs us with our own desires and sets lovers back-to-back: "I love him, but I hear he loves Another more; I love her, but I hear she loves Another." The Blaise on the video cursed for a solid ten minutes (he used some words he had learned from Don) and then he threw a switch and his primary radio telescope sent a high-watt imprecation through the heavens. Half the lights in town went out. It jammed the television satellites of all the major networks but then went past them into deep space.
“What did it say?” the agent asked.
“What?”
“That signal you sent,” the man continued calmly. “We can’t decode it. What was the signal?”
But Blaise was still watching the video of himself and he noticed something he had not seen before. Across the screen scanning the heavens, after the switch had been thrown but while he was still cursing, a dart of light had fallen from the sky. It dashed quickly and then vanished from sight. The eyes of the Blaise in the sheriff’s office widened.
“What was that?” the agent asked.
Blaise slapped his head. “I think I shot down my guardian angel.”
“What was the signal?" the agent asked again.
Blaise looked at the man. “It was Greek plus Morse code plus pig Latin. It was ‘Show yourself.’”
“And that streak of light?”
“I think I must’ve shot down my guardian angel or else you wouldn’t have caught me. Can you rewind the tape?”
As the man moved to reset the video two figures jumped into the sheriff’s office. The first one brought a chair down on the agent’s head. The first figure was Jude, the second was Dale Charboneau, descendant of the guide of Lewis and Clark, trail blazer extraordinaire. He moved past the slumped body to free his friend.
“Oh you stupid shits…” Blaise began, but Jude had already rifled the agent’s pockets and found the key to unlock Blaise’s cuffs.
“Let’s get out of here!” he said.
 “You stupid shits,” Blaise said. “We won’t get ten miles from here. Welcome to a felony charge.”
“You’re the one that had a home-made homing device installed in your old car and asked me to track it,” Jude said.
“Yes, and I ripped it out before I left.”
“That’s why I brought Dale,” Jude replied.
Dale tipped his hat.
“Good God,” Blaise said. “I was drunk! But seeing as we have a chance, let’s go.”
They hustled into the old car and Jude drove fast. Dale gave directions for him to switch up his route every so often. As they sped through town Blaise saw that the two young lovers were just leaving the drugstore. They may have been arguing a minute ago, but the spectacle of the desperate escape drove them instantly back into each other's arms. 
Jude drove like a bat out of hell and Blaise didn't stop looking out the back window until the small town was far behind them and they were well out into the countryside.
“Pull over here. Turn the headlights off.”
“What?” Jude said. “They’ll catch us!”
“Just five minutes.”
Jude looked at Dale and Dale nodded.
“I reckon we got five minutes head start on them - but only five.”
And so, with the confirmation from Dale, Jude pulled over and turned off the headlights and Blaise stepped out of the car and scanned the skies for the thing he had seen.
“Come on!” Jude said.
“A few more minutes.”
“I hear sirens.”
“I’ll go check the lay of the land,” Dale said.
“Just one more minute tops!” Jude insisted. 
So a minute later Dale hustled them back in the car and directed them down a dirt path no one else would have seen and they continued on the lam. At some time in the night they stole gas. He led them across rural roads until he got them hidden in the rolling hills of southeast Oklahoma.
They parked amongst some tall trees in the middle of nowhere, and Dale said he was heading off to get the lay of the land and to find them something to eat, but that they should sleep in shifts and light out should they hear a car approaching. Even if they fled, he’d find them. But Jude and Blaise fell asleep at the same time one moment after he’d left, and they awoke to find themselves being cuffed and shoved roughly into the back seat of a sedan. Dale was gone. Neither man fingered him as an accomplice and in any case he left no tracks because he was descended from great trappers and trackers and other Frenchmen who had hidden from the Old World in the New World, and so no one could ever find him unless he wanted them to.
Dale resurfaced in society (near the baitshop anyway) a few years later. As for Jude and Blaise, they each did ten years in the pen after that. Jude was a model prisoner and found a way to get to keep the prison bees. Blaise got in lots of fights and was not released a day sooner than the law allowed.

From Rosalind’s Journal: The 1980's: Coda and PLOVANDO
Blaise and Jude were both arrested and each was sentenced to ten years in jail. Once in jail, Blaise settled into a routine of occasional fights and manual labor; Jude, however, was the model prisoner, and was soon transferred to a state work farm to help raise bees. He finally found the calm still center of himself in tending bees. He did not miss his waspish fiancé at all, and she did not miss him.
Jude got out in eight years; Blaise in ten. Once back outside Jude was healthy but Blaise was hollow, and it was unclear if his mania was gone or merely subsided. All he did in prison was fight and sketch and break rocks; in time he found out he could get along by fixing things for others. He made a device to pinpoint where every guard was at every moment of every day, using the signals from their own walkie-talkies. It looked like a portable radio. No one ever discovered it and it helped a wannabe modern-day Bonnie and Clyde made a spectacular jail break some time later. They did not have time to finger Blaise before they were shot outside a small-town bank. It was like they had wanted to get shot to make the news.

From Janet’s Journal
I am staying at the Budget Businessman Motor Inn of recently re-prospering suburban Oklahoma City and Tess and I will be meeting Blaise tomorrow. He is out of prison again and this time we both intend to intervene and set him straight. We think he might be able to live out a constructive life in the Philippines, in the company of an old friend of ours who can keep an eye on him and let him do good works.
Dale Charboneau has been kind enough to lend me a copy of Rosalind’s journal, or Blaise’s journal that she has marked and he is re-correcting. 
I am meeting them tomorrow at the baitshop managed by Dale’s cousin Ray Jr, whose father inherited the car graveyard from my uncle. 
I am writing a few notes only because Tess has also gotten ahold of Rosalind’s version of Blaise’s journal - Tess bribed her younger step-brother with a case of beer and probably more than a little flirting than is appropriate between an early-twentyish young man and a Maye West-ish woman of her age.  The way my sister dresses. She is a big bosomy gal fond of scoop-neck blouses and elbow-length gloves. I do not recall her having that beauty mark when we were girls growing up. I am fairly sure it is a tattoo.
But on to Blaise. Rosalind has left so many things out. I think she had a crush on him. I think she still does. I think she thinks that if she cannot have him, she will have him as he was - as her memory, her story. Yes she has been thorough, but she has still left too much out. Tess, on the other hand, might put things in an exaggerated way. So I must walk the middle line and tell the truth.
Yes, our father slowly decayed inside, crawled into a cave and spiderweb inside himself, especially after the departure of Mother and Tess. And yes, with them gone and just Blaise and myself left behind I felt trapped. I fought to finish school and reach the escape velocity my mother had insisted I achieve, in spite of my surrounds or because of them - that I launch myself out of the toxicity. And in doing so I settled into my own sort of isolation, first in a spirit of defiance then of loneliness I was too proud to admit. I went to an affluent Catholic high school but my family was not affluent and I had no friends; I probably shielded myself from friendship so as to not have to talk about the secrets of my family. I went to school, I went to my jobs after school, I worked hard. No time for boys, no time for novelties. Mom had made me want to be hard - not ice-bitch hard but like a person who is certain they are worth something, perhaps worth the whole world, and they have only been given one life and they bear a high burden of responsibility to make the most of it.
I was three years younger than Blaise and five years younger than Tess. I never knew much about Ben. Ben was my father’s son from his first marriage, and he was much older than any of us, but Blaise looked up to him. He lived downtown with his largish Catholic family and worked hard and was closer to his wife’s family than ours and he never saw us much, and after Mom died we did not see him at all because she had been closer to him than his flesh-and-blood father, but at the times he did visit Blaise adored him because Ben was a man who knew who he was, and had made it through to the other side of something like what Blaise was going through, and he was a big happy man who held his responsibility and his life and family on his shoulders like an Atlas and laughed. He straddled eras. He was not quite Blaise’s uncle and not quite his brother and not quite his peer, but he filled a need Blaise had for all of these. He was big, physically, not fat but a large-framed man, humble as he was big, and carefree as he was humble. He did not contain the deadly German introspection of his father; he did not brood over the world’s complexities. He had a very smart and hard-working wife who kept track of all the world’s complexities and her children’s recreational schedules in the ledger of her mind and did so very well. She protected Ben in ways he did not ask for or probably understand. It was because of her, and his luck in finding and winning her, that he could walk with God and live the walk he talked, and do all humbly. And when a drunk driver took his life, it was just as if he walked with God and God took him. If you were tasked to hand-sculpt Ben from a block of granite, you could do so with a very few strokes. He was the block of granite. 
When the oil economy went bust, Ben and his family had to move to a bigger city to find work, just like so many were having to do in that boom-town turned ghost-of-itself, and it was on his way home from a night shift in that new strange city that some drunk driver hit and killed him. The news broke Blaise’s heart and also broke the part of his mind that had understood God. Like David in the Bible, Ben had walked with God and found favor with God for no better reason than God liked him, just flat-out liked him better than other people who also worked hard, and God made a big show of liking him and protecting him and favoring him over people who worked just as hard to do better things, for the world, anyway, and in Blaise’s mind Ben’s death abruptly split the ideas of life and faith into two separate things when they had so easily been understood as one in the example of Ben, and this same split drove Love to the sidelines as an inconsequential third party because it had been hidden under Faith until Faith turned treason on Ben, and Love, for whatever it was worth, suddenly seemed little more than a trickster emotion and a harlequin exposed to broad daylight and shown to be not half-so-pretty as she’d seemed, and spiteful for being revealed, and running quickly for cover. Love was out of the equation once faith and life were sundered. And in time the things that had seemed to go together hand-in-glove in the example of Ben became strangers and then enemies. It was a cold cruel thing to take the life of a man who had rolled the world on his shoulders like a show-off Atlas just to prove there was a bigger Man who was always there to catch it for him. It was mean and little and petty like Abram having to truss up and nearly kill his favorite son just because God had a jealous streak, and Blaise did not forgive it. Jealousy was a small and spiteful emotion, and it was the only reason he could think of why God did what He did, and it made God into a little petty spiteful imp in his mind.
Blaise walked as a kind of stranger in the world once Ben was taken from it, and the absence of Ben opened the chink in his mind that let our father’s thoughts creep in. And so Blaise ended up falling a long way and doing many bad things. But I am surprised that in all his ramblings he has forgotten to mention PLOVANDO. He might save himself if he can remember what a fool we all made of ourselves because of - I cannot even write the world without being overcome of the sense of the utter comedy and utter stupidity  - PLOVANDO.

 From Tess’s Journal: PLOVANDO
PLOVANDO. Yep, Janet got it right, but I will be damned if I let her tell the rest of it. I will see her and Blaise at the baitshop next to the near old farm tomorrow. I like Ray Jr.. I like Dale Charboneau. They are two sides of the coin of valor - Dale the compass, Ray the thing in a Swiss Army knife you can use to scale fish. I am not sure I got that expressed correctly. But you understand, I hope. 
Right now I am in a honky-tonk letting a dime store cowboy buy me drinks. He won’t get anywhere with me, but he is happy and can dance well and I can’t dance well but the parts that he likes jiggle when I try to dance, and so we are both contented. And a friend of mine owns the bar and I feel comfortable here so let the free drinks flow and get me a notepad and a pen because for God’s sake I can’t stand to leave it to Janet or Blaise or Rosalind to write about PLOVANDO.
PLOVANDO:
Pride
Leadership
Oklahoma 
Values
Articulateness
Neatness
Dependability
Oklahoma! 
It was a contest they had every year. It was sponsored by the paper and by some chamber of commerce businesses and it was the dumbest thing since running for class president. Hell, PLOVANDO even had a mascot. Some old Indian. They pretended “PLOVANDO” had been the name of some wise and sacred old Indian who had imparted his skills and blessings to the Sooner State at its inauguration. He was everything a young man (or later, also a young lady) should ever aim to be - fit, smart, trustworthy, loyal, resourceful - plus whatever the hell character traits went into making up the acronym of his name, which I have listed above. 
I have an ad from the newspaper back then. See for yourself:
“PLOVANDO!
“Do YOU embody the mystic wholesome spirit of PLOVANDO? Sponsored by the Chamber of Commerce, the Junior League, and the mythic inspiration of PLOVANDO himself.”
“Only one person per year is deemed worthy of exemplifying PLOVANDO. The recipient of this year’s award gets a year's lease of a Datsun B-210, a complete wardrobe from Buffington's and Getner's Hat and Tack, and a partial scholarship to a local community college of his/her choosing, plus meals for a year at Rusty’s Bucket Barbeque and More!”
“The successful candidate will display the utmost temperance and moral rectitude; he or she will lay out their vision for a bright future for Oklahoma and display a strong sense of leadership while hewing to pioneer values.”
“The exceptional candidate will also be able to readily identify true north while blindfolded, during a full moon, in the presence of bears.” [requirement redacted 1953]
“PLOVANDO!”
“This is a prestigious honor! Enquire at the finer local business establishments listed below or clip and send in the coupon for details and an entry form. Include return postage.”
That was PLOVANDO. The only official duty was to give "Don't Do Drugs" speeches at local high schools, though unofficially, the recipient was also expected to exhibit high moral character for six months following the award or they would be stripped of their duties and the prizes and title bestowed on the first runner up.
The candidates made appearances and speeches (or really the same speech over and over) before various organizations including the Junior League, the various suburban chambers of Congress, the Elks, the Odd Fellows, and so on.
Blaise was a clear standout. He had rugged unassuming good looks, was not a prim or pampered pretty boy, he had no tattoos, and he seemed to actually believe in what he said once he got himself worked up into saying it, and in that he seemed kind of like the state itself, unimpressive at first but tough and earnest under fire and ready to move on to something bigger and better if given the opportunity. 
But to jump into the details of PLOVANDO is to jump the gun a bit. Blaise had to get out of his rut first. Carmelita had left him and Buffington’s had fired him and Dad was being his creepy wanting-to-die self, and that man-skank Jude had knocked up Janet. Didn’t Janet mention that? Everyone knows it. Hell, why do you think Jude made such a show of saying he would kill whoever did it? To throw people off his trail. Dale Charboneau called it in the first few seconds, but only to a few of us (he being honorable).
After Blaise slept with that Buffington woman and got fired from his gig, the next few years (or was it months?) went by in a mixed-up blur. I was in and out of town at the whim of local garage bands that always left to make it big and never succeeded. The economy tanked and the city was weird and messed up. Time passed strangely. Carmelita left sometime after the Buffington affair - like she was too good for my brother? Please - I heard stories. Both she and Blaise had been too young for anything serious anyhow but God, he let her break his heart. I know for a fact she cheated on him before he cheated on her. I don’t forgive her. She left Blaise in a deep funk. 
Jude was not there to be much of a help to him because some friends of his father finally sat on him and gave him the “this is your last chance” speech and so he was forced to hunker down in practical classes in college and as a result he got himself a nice punctual anemic vicious suburban WASP of a girlfriend who was determined to march him through pre-law then set him on top of her wedding cake. She had aspirations but no talent herself except for begging her father for things, so she snagged and tagged him. Her name was Meredith and one look from her could frost fruit trees in August. He deserved her.
Rosalind on the other hand had like a guardian angel complex toward Blaise since their Buffington days and she tried to pull him out of his depression. I estimate a whole year went by during which Blaise did almost nothing, but Rosalind did what she could. She got him on at Tippins (local reseller of whatever contents spilled from the trucks that jack-knifed at the hairpin turn on the highway) and then got him on board with her in that venture they launched in the ghost-town mall called “Fashion Shots.” 
Fashion Shots got its start when the state’s budget got tight post-bust and the commuter college had to choose having a drama department or getting computers. Guess which side won? The kid of the guy who bought out the car graveyard from my uncle (who had fled to Panama) found a bunch of old props and costumes in the college dumpster and told Blaise who told Rosalind who bought them all and started that temporarily prosperous business. Hell, even though it eventually went belly up it was fun while it lasted and it kind of helped get Blaise’s head on straight, at least now and then, and I snagged me some nice feather boas after it went under, and I think Blaise kept a Ulysses S. Grant outfit. When he was dressed up in it he looked like some cheap whiskey sold in a commemorative bottle, which is fitting because that first year after Carmelita left he was in his cups more often than not. 
So Blaise malaised his way through a blur that none of us can completely accurately recall – the whole world seemed just that messed up, like someone had stolen all the clocks and compasses, and even now when any of us get together to remember it it’s like dropping a fishing line into goo and trying to make sense of the old tires and shoes you pull up and trying to remember if they fit into some kind of order.
I remember that after about a year Blaise patched himself together enough to be going out with girls again, but skanks and hos. Mostly vapor-heads, arm-candy, as slovenly on the inside as he was on the outside, but let’s face it, even gone to pot he was still charming. Like a guy who gets a little fat but has good bone structure. Even gone to pot you could see it in Blaise and the ladies wanted it. And Janet says God loved Ben like David? I tell you, God loves Blaise. He set him up in this world with the kind of charm you cannot buy, and even when he’s screwed himself up God covers his ass. 
Jude and Janet and I saw him coming out of his funk and made him enroll in the commuter college, just to keep him mind off his own thoughts, and he succeeded for a while. See, Janet was also going there now. Coming out of high school she had applied to colleges way out of her league and got admitted to some but none with full scholarships, and in the end she had no middle safety net so she felt more than a little bitter and told herself she’d rack up straight A’s for general ed courses until some Ivy League of the prairie saw the error of its ways and begged for her. She worked two jobs and lived at home to save every cent and turned down dates with frivolous boys and bent herself into a kind of crazy bunker every bit as dangerous as Blaise’s. If she sees this she’ll protest - to this day she thinks of herself as having been the practical one, and I’ll admit she landed well, but Gawd, which one of us ending up that year by getting knocked up? And by Jude? She wound herself too tight and has never unwound since. I’ll take her to a biker bar tomorrow - hah. Well, I’ll take her to the Chili’s near the businessman’s motel and make her have a fru-fru margarita. Relax girl - we’re sisters!
But back to PLOVANDO. PLOVANDO! It’s what almost lifted Blaise from his misfortune, almost hoisted him back to the living. That damned old Indian nearly pulled it off, and for that reason I still halfway believe in him, even though I know they made him up. God bless you, PLOVANDO, here’s some fire water to you. You nearly saved my brother.
*
Blaise could have taken an even harder turn for the worse right then and there, but there, in that rapidly-deserting oil bust of a town the elders had decided that nothing would show good old Oklahoma grit in the face of adversity than continuing, nay, expanding and doubling down on the honor and the glory exemplified by PLOVANDO.
His main competition was Laredo, sponsored by Tumbleweed Motors ("Roll in just the way you are, roll out in a brand new car! Tumbleweeds, Tumbleweeds, TUMBLEWEEDS! ((vehicle number a41988Az7; subject to credit approval and prior sale; not all credit applicants are well qualified; actual model availability may vary)). Tumbleweeds!")
Blaise was sponsored by Fashion Shots II, the Car Graveyard, the Bait Shop, and Rosalind’s mother’s across-from-the-trailer park hair salon, all working together under the collective pseudonym of the “Oklahoma Growin’ Places Expansion Committee,” with an application hand-delivered by Rosalind, dressed up in drama department salvages left over from “Prometheus Fit To Be Tied,” “The Lady’s Not For Burning,” and “Gaslight.” They were impressed.
Also in the running was a boy sponsored by the bank, but he broke his neck diving drunk into the shallow end of a swimming pool, and the local stockyards candidate, while earnest, sincere, clean-shaven, and as aw-shucks as all get-out, screamed everything about the state's hayseed past the chamber folks were dying to get away from. They wanted to attract white-collar businesses to the state. Businesses that used computers.
One evening outside the Junior League hall at one of the many speech-n-greets, Laredo cornered Blaise.
"Come on - I need this award. You have no idea how cut-throat car sales are. You, you have everything already - a pretty girl, an easy life, a cushy job at Fashion Shots. Me, I pulled myself up from nothing. I was raised by my grandparents - my folks died in a trailer fire caused by faulty Christmas lights. My dog died saving me. Since then I've scrapped for everything I've had. You - a brainiac like you has no trouble getting into junior college. But for me it'd be that first rung on a ladder to a better life, to be somebody."
Blaise looked at him and his heart was moved to pity until Rosalind told reminded him it was all a lies - Laredo had rattled off the sob-story he told to the judges, not the truth. This made Blaise seethe. He hated being lied to.
Rosalind laid the many sins of Laredo before him. "He is the most cut-throat, smooth-talking car salesman in town. He wears rings on every finger when he's not making these speeches. He goes through more women than Brawny makes paper towels. Didn’t you see that snake-like glint in his eyes, Blaise? He doesn't want to win to make himself a better person - he wants to win just to win."
And so the next time they met, Blaise told him he had decided to stay in, and so the final competition ceremony commenced and Laredo, driven by hatred, exceeded Blaise in all measures: he performed a sharp-shooting exercise that left the judges breathless; he juggled knives; he recited vast portions of the Lincoln-Douglas debate; and, for a finale, he sang both the “Battle Hymn of the Republic” and Roger's and Hammerstein's “Oklahoma” like a nightingale. Blaise, for his part, gave a speech about the need for more parking downtown and fewer one-way streets; he spun plates and gave a half-assed trick roping exhibition he had learned and practiced the night before; and he sang “My Country ‘Tis of Thee” plus Woody Guthrie's “This Land is Your Land,” but both a little off key. Then he thanked the judges for their time and threw in “You’re a Grand Old Flag.”
When all the speeches and sage nodding and sound of forks on cake plates was finished, the judges retired to deliberate and Laredo shot a smug and scalding glance at Blaise from his wing of the stage. Blaise shrugged but Rosalind shot daggers at Laredo with her eyes and flipped him the bird. 
It was only minutes before the judges returned and resumed their place at the long table that had little paper placards for their names. Several sat at the wrong places - the tall tough cowboy was now apparently Miss Edna Grace. This did not deter them. They began by noting that both finalists were fine young men and that their decision had been the most difficult one since last year. It had been a tough, tough call indeed. But after all these platitudes were finished the judges pointed out one thing:
"Laredo is in Texas." 
The hall grew silent and this pronouncement dropped like a rock down a well or turd into a punch bowl.
"Yes," a jittery old woman (Miss Grace aka Tom Mix III) continued. "We're sure you're a fine young man, and you have performed admirably all around, but PLOVANDO is about Oklahoma values, and Laredo is clearly in Texas."
Tom Mix III cut to the chase. "When people hear 'Laredo' they will think Texas, not Oklahoma, and we can't have that. Damn I hate Texas. Our winner is Blaise Bohrs!" 
A smattering of applause filled the meeting room of the Budget-by-Marriot. The cowboy slapped Blaise on the back and left for the hotel bar. 
Blaise stood kind of dumb at first, but warmed as Rosalind hugged him. A local hottie in a one-piece swim suit presented him the keys to the B-210 while another draped the PLOVANDO sash around him, and the judges made a semi-circle behind him for a quick photo. Blaise gave a lopsided smile for the flashbulb and thus the PLOVANDO decision for that year was recorded in history.
Offstage Laredo stood fuming. As the crowd dispersed the old lady judge went over to him and patted his hand. "There there - you have so much talent, it pained me not to vote for you. Change your name to 'Tulsa' and you'll go far."
Blaise had won but in the very act of leaving the award ceremony Laredo cornered him.
"You didn't deserve to win. This state means nothing to you. Its bright future means nothing to you. A bright future needs MONEY, Blaise, and you have no killer instinct on how to get it."
"I suppose I do - through hard work and virtue, like the judges said."
"Hah! You think they believe that? Not one of them made a dime without screwing over someone else. That's just the nice façade they wear now that their fortunes are made. And here you are, with your dog-eyed sincerity and your stupid 'I will uphold PLOVANDO' shit. Well, that's not for me. I don't know why I cared about that stupid award anyway."
"The lady said if you'd just changed your name to 'Tulsa'…"
"Screw that old lady! Screw Tulsa! I'm honest enough to know what it takes to make a buck in this world and I'm going to make them, plenty of them."
"Well good for you. Now if you'll excuse me, I have some PLOVANDO to live up to."
"You do that, Blaise. But just remember one thing: while you're spreading Oklahoma values and goodwill all over the place, you better keep an eye out for that pretty little sister of yours."
"Tess?"
"No, not Tess. There ain’t a crappy bass player in the state who couldn't have Tess for the asking. I'm talking about Janet."
Blaise's face fell then recomposed itself. "Hah! She's the straightest arrow there ever was. Good luck with that. She would never have anything to do with you."
But there was something sinister in Laredo's eyes. "Oh Blaise - they always fall hardest for the bad boy. The more virtuous they are, the more convinced they are that they can be the one to save him."
"I'll warn her about you!"
Laredo laughed. "You do that - nothing drives a girl into a guy's arms like her family telling her who she can't be with!"
Blaise felt his fists clench at his sides. "She'll be smart enough to avoid you."
Laredo walked away. "You keep telling yourself that, Blaise. I got a buncha notches in my headboard that says you're wrong. You go on enjoying that PLOVANDO - I'll be enjoying your sister. Hahaha."
He disappeared into the night and Blaise stood in the darkened hall, his fists clenched in fury. But then he remembered he had an honorary headdress to accept in the lobby, and anyway Rosalind assured him that only some women like bad boys and Janet was certainly too smart for that. 
And in truth, although he probably didn't deserve to win, Blaise embodied the spirit of PLOVANDO, got the scholarship and the Datsun B-210, and gave sincere "Don't Do Drugs" speeches to at least three local high schools. 
The trouble for Laredo began when he bragged to too many people about how he was going to get back at Blaise by seducing Janet, and when Ray Jr. and Jude found out, they decided to break into his trailer and spray paint an ominous warning/threat on his walls. Unfortunately Laredo was home at the time and accused them of breaking and entering, so Jude hit him in the head with a hot frying pan (Laredo was frying Spam at the time) and Ray pulled his phone out of the wall so he couldn’t call the cops, and they both ran.
Laredo would have called the cops, but he had three baby marijuana plants growing in the herb garden in his windowsill. So he took revenge into his own hands - he hitched a chain to Blaise’s silver Airstream in the middle of the night, with Blaise in it, and tried to tow it into the lake. Blaise felt the insides of his trailer shake and heard the engine gun outside and held onto the sides of the bed.
"What the..?"
Bess Truman woke up and began pounding her huge piggy head into the side of the Laredo’s pickup truck (which was not really Laredo’s - he himself drove a two-seater weenie convertible) and dented it severely.
"Oh shit!" Laredo shrieked at Bess. "Stop it - it's borrowed! I can’t pay for that!"
Just then the lights came on in the baitshop in the distance and Dale Charboneau came running over in a night-shirt. Who the hell wears a night-shirt? Dale Charboneau does. 
"Oh shit!" Laredo screamed and climbed out to unhitch the chain. Bess pummeled him mercilessly into the mud. He curled up in ball and tried to cover his bandaged head and his reproductive parts. She’d have ripped them off.
Blaise came out in a sleep fog and rubbed his eyes just in time for Dale to shine a flashlight in them. "Get that damn thing out of my face!” he said. “Now Bess - Bess! Stop it!"
Bess retreated and Dale, Bess and Blaise looked down at Laredo in the mud. He was still shrieking.
"Good grief get it off me!"
"She's called off. Now what is this about?"
“It’s about you winning – and what your friends did to my trailer!”
Dale helped him out of the mud but Blaise just stared at him. He knew nothing of it yet, but he knew enough about Jude to hear the note of truth in it. "There's one thing you need to know about Jude," Blaise told him. "He's intensely loyal. Loyal to the point of stupidity. I didn't put him up to anything - the fool did it himself."
"Yeah well he didn't do you any favors this time. See, I was willing to let bygones be bygones till they took things too far. I told you I was going to get back at you through your sister Janet and I meant it. I just happen to have found out that she wrote a fake biography of herself to accompany her college admission application. See, I’ve got a friend who works in the admissions office at the state university. Seems she finally wised up and decided being a dirt farmer’s daughter wasn’t good enough. I could have told her that - you gotta be something bigger than yourself to get attention these days. I know that and I was going to overlook it Blaise - overlook it - but your dumb-ass friends have pushed me too far! So here’s what I propose: you resign PLOVANDO and I’ll see to it that no one from the Dean of Admissions’ office makes any nosy phone calls about your sister. Your choice, Blaise.”
Blaise felt his hands clench hard and he leapt at Laredo. “You bastard!”
Dale held him back but Laredo sprang back anyway . Some mud flew off of the bandages on his head. Blaise stared at him with a hate-filled smolder.
“So do we have a deal?” Laredo asked.
“Hell yes, damn you,” Blaise said. “We have a deal.”
Laredo walked forward and offered his hand to shake on the gentleman’s agreement. Blaise just growled and gave his hand one hard toss.
“Oh, and have your greasy monkey friend here pull those dents out of the truck,” Laredo continued. “I want it looking better than new.”
Blaise growled low.
Dale spat chaw. "You come by tomorrow - we'll see if Ray Jr. can pull 'em out."
Blaise glared at Dale but Dale just said. "Jude and Ray put them dents in, Blaise, when you think about it. I hate this snake of a man but fair is fair."
Blaise couldn't agree out loud, but Dale always made sense. All he could say was, "Get the hell out of here, Laredo."
Laredo left, then Dale left, then Blaise put Bess back to bed and then went inside. His mind hung on the fleeting fame he'd lost. He saw his faint flicker of hopefulness ebb away a coal stirred then fading. He wandered back into his trailer and uncorked a bottle.
He sent his resignation in the next day, and it was accepted.
The trouble for Laredo, though, was he didn't get the title. They skipped over him due to the Texas-ness of his name and they gave it to the boy from the bank with the broken neck instead, and afterwards doctors credited it with his miraculous recovery. Nerve cells re-knit, the spinal cord re-wired itself and the lame walked - all because of the spirit of PLOVANDO.  It really happened - it made the papers.
So being the slime that he is, Laredo dropped the dime on Janet anyway, and so the school admissions officers called on her and called her out on her story and thoroughly embarrassed her to herself. I gather she had said she was a dyslexic transgendered Eskimo. At least that’s what I ken - she never said. Anyway, it drove her into Jude’s arms for one misbegotten night during which they knocked Laredo’s trailer over sideways and let off the parking brake of his sports car so that it rolled into the river. And now they got themselves some twenty-year-old baby out there someplace that has never seen them, and now Janet buttons herself all up like she has never been nothing less than Mrs. Wonderful.
As for Blaise, once he had surrendered the title he sank back into his old despair. He still kept the ceremonial head-dress though. Big old Anadarko Indian thing - he told them he’d lost it. After forfeiting PLOVANDO he used to get the damn thing out when he was drunk and wanted to make it rain. I know he’s still got it tucked away some place. I’d give real money to see him put it on one last time, get a belly full of whiskey, and see if he couldn’t stomp up a storm from the rags of vapor in the Western sky. Damn fool got enough fire in his belly he’d carry on to midnight just to see - I’ve seen him do it.
Anyway, winning PLOVANDO (for a little while, anyway) was a brief shining moment in the midst of his rapid decline. I’m sure I told it better than Janet would have. If I ever get my hands on Laredo he’ll be wearing his own guts for garters. I know guys who’ll do bad things to guys like him. 
After Blaise was stripped of PLOVANDO I tried to talk him into coming with me to someplace sunny but he wouldn’t have it.
“Carmelita might come back.”
“Hell Blaise, she isn’t coming back and you've got to get out of here, Blaise. Dad is bringing you down. You've done all you could for him."
"I miss her."		
I waved him off. "That's the way of the world.” He wouldn’t listen. He stayed in that Airstream next to the farm and lived in a slow decay and watched the old man die. That was the end of the world for him.
After the end of the world, he kept his company with Bess Truman and the goats. For two years he did nothing; during the third year he opened his father's electronics books. He discovered an aptitude for their content, and he followed the algorithms up and down the Chains of Being, along the strands and path of resistance and conductive, the glows and pauses.
The angels came to him; they told him secrets.
But things had to happen first.
God bless you, Blaise. You didn’t deserve the events you fell into, though you were probably fated for them. You went through a hell of a lot but you are clean and sober now. Janet wants to ship you off to the Philippines, and that probably is the safest thing, but God bless you, my brother, when you had it you had it in spades. You still do. Here’s to you, Blaise Bohrs.

Chapter 5: The 1990's
From Rosalind’s Journal: The Eurotrash
Blaise got out of prison in the 1990’s. He was kind of a basket case. He had fought with the guards a lot and with everybody else. Jude, he was a model prisoner and he got out early, but Blaise just could not stand it. Everyone deserved a little payback - he got in fights.
He got dropped at the curb downtown one day with $20 and a cheap suit. Dale and Ray Jr. picked him up and drove him back to the sticks. Me, I was out of the state caring for a sick aunt at the time and was not able to help him, but it was just as well because Fashion Shots II had gone under anyway. But Blaise was in good hands with Ray and Dale. Well, with Dale anyway. And his old Airstream and his dad’s old house were still there, and still in his possession. He spent the afternoon cleaning them up. And Dale had taken care of Bess in his absence.
When they drove past the baitshop Blaise saw there was now a filling station there. Sinclair Gasoline. Ray Jr. said yeah, the gasoline people had approached him and asked to add a filling station to the baitshop, but that would have meant giving them a cut in all his sales, so he compromised by letting them set up the filling station next door, on the land he owned, provided they promised not to add a quikee mart. And so they did, and Ray (the car-graveyard owner) let Ray Jr. run that too.
“Nice dinosaur,” Blaise said. Blaise had always admired Sinclair stations solely for their dinosaurs.
“Want to run it?”
“What?”
“Hell, you will need something to do. Gets most its business from the fishermen between 4:00 AM and dawn. They built it out here for the future, for when things pick up, not for now. Hell, I don’t think things are ever going to pick up, but you need a job. You run it - and keep your nose clean. Everyone I’ve hired to run it so far has been trouble.”
Dale nodded. “Keep your nose clean, Blaise - good honest work.”
“And a big fiberglass dinosaur,” he added.
“Yes, there’s that,” Ray Jr. agreed. “You can guard it, too. Local kids come along with bolt cutters at night and try and steal it.”
Blaise puffed up. “Not on my watch.”
“See? There you go. That’s the spirit! Now you got a raison d’être.”
Blaise shrugged. He sometimes got annoyed at Dale when he spoke French. He did not know what he was saying.  
Still, it made Blaise feel good to have a purpose. He made them promise to order him some filling-station-gray coveralls with his named embroidered in red cursive letters on the vest. 
“And Blaise?”
“Hmmm?”
“There’s doings going on at that old mansion on your acres. The one on Boheme. When you were in jail, you gave permission for some ‘relatives’ of your to move in there, didn’t you?”
“Well yes. They said they were related to us Bohrs from back in Germany - the German man who met my dad when he was overseas. They were kin - they needed a place.”
“Blaise…”
“Okay, I let them in because they said they were interested in completing my father’s experiments. We Bohrs are scientists.”
“You know that ain’t good for you.”
“Okay, I’ll chase them off,” Blaise said.
“You better - you’re on the straight and narrow now. That stuff messes with your head. And Blaise? They’re Eurotrash.”
Ray Jr. turned around from the front seat and nodded at Blaise and said solemnly and ominously repeated the word. “Eu-ro-trash.”
Blaise shuddered. He had heard some Eurotrash music. All strobe lights and spandex and androgyny and blacklight. It made him shudder. He promised he would send them packing, and they dropped him off at the Airstream.
It turns out that sending the Eurotrash packing was not so easy. There was still a lot of anger in Blaise, and something reciprocally angry in them. And there was one pretty girl at the mansion.
*
''Man Saves Child from Burning Building.” That was something Blaise did years and years ago, before his life went to pot. I keep a clipping of that article and I know that Blaise has one sown into the lining of his jacket, in case they find him dead without ID. It talks about the time when he saved a kid from a house fire.
He had come across the fire after driving aimlessly trying to cool down after dropping Carmelita off after yet another frustrating steamy date.  He had to drive twenty aimless miles in that wide night just to cool down enough to have any hope of sleeping. It was during this restless meandering that he saw the house burning and a kid shouting from a window inside.
Long ago he told me about the night and how the decision to save the kid had been a ridiculously easy one. He hadn’t even thought about it, though in hindsight he realized how dangerous it had been. He screeched his car to a stop, threw his jacket over his head, ran in amongst the flames, found the screaming kid, and ran with him back outside to his bawling, thankful mother.
“Sure I saved him,” Blaise told me. “Who wouldn't?”
Lots of people, I thought.
“It's not as hard as people figure,” he had explained. “Sometimes when life gets confused, you kind of jump at the chance to do something risky just to burn off the fog.”
He said it all with a shrug, but I realized once again that this was an example of Blaise not knowing much about himself, not realizing how good he was and how rotten the world was around him.
*
Sprung from jail in the 1990’s, and now with a purpose in life to pump gas and guard the Sinclair dinosaur, Blaise enjoyed the late afternoon by sitting in a ripped-webbed lawnchair outside the filling station and watching a mockingbird that would perch on the dinosaur's head, flit his tail agitatedly, then fly off. At twilight Blaise and Dale, ancient fur-trader's descendant, would see him perch on the dinosaur's head or tail, sawing love-filled and agitatedly through every call he knew, then pause and with one final chirp POP! into the air with a flutter of white-showing wing and tail, before either settling back on his perch to run through another set, or else lofting from the dinosaur to dive bomb a rival in the nearby acacia or else to amorously relocate his mate in his own gruff voice. He carried this on until dusk, and when he was done Blaise would close up shop, say so long to Dale, and step out into the wide, cool evening. The swollen orange sun would ignite brief, brilliant colors upon the scrub-strewn lawn at the afternoon's last moment. Then the mockingbird would reappear and POP! right into the fiery orange ball itself, and it would set, and pink and purple would wash all other colors gently and relentlessly, sweetening the atmosphere by half-tones until the first pale stars arrived.
“You chased them Eurotrash off yet?” Dale asked Blaise.
“Almost.”
He sighed. “Blaise…”
“I’ll git to it.”
“Git to it or I will.”
The mockingbird snapped his tail angrily at both of them from his perch atop the dopey dinosaur's head.
''I wonder if I can make him glow in the dark?” Blaise wondered, thinking of the dinosaur.
*
At nights Blaise went ‘home’ to the mansion. A certain lovely girl greeted him at the end of every day. In fact, she had greeted him the first day he’d turned up on that tilting mansion’s steps to shoo them off. He had heard Eurotrash music thumping from inside as he knocked on the door. This beautiful girl with blue eyes like cenotes had answered.
"You look like Carmelita," he said.
"Is that who you want me to be?" she answered.
"I want to know who you are. You could not be her. You have tried to look like her, but she would be older by now."
"I can be who you want me to be."
"You are like her, but too smooth."
"The world is smoother now. You have a smoother road now. We have repaired this mansion. Your relative Bohrs is here to meet you."
Blaise had looked at her skeptically, but he was tired. Someone had done her up to look the way he like girls to look like, he thought. Someone knew him.
“You’re not kin..?” he asked as if his mind had already leapt forward apace and sought to remove a possible impediment.
“Me - no. I’m not your kin. But I can be close to you.”
Good enough. He slept with her that night.
*
He had her that night and lots of nights after. In the half-light that came through the one gauzed window of the room in which they slept her skin was blue. Every inch of her was smooth and blue from the light through the curtains. Blaise had been too lonely for too long, and she was warm and willing. He did not know who she was, but she would be who he wanted her to be. There was something creepy about that. He knew there was something creepy about that, but he been too tired to chase the thought with any gusto. And after he had been with her the first night, he fell back into the bed and she was gone and it felt like she had taken something from him but he did not care at the time because he was out of prison and still finding his feet and kind of felt like an alien to the world, and if she seemed a little alien so be it, and in any case it was the most comfortable bed he’d ever slept in. And when he woke up in the middle of the night wanting her again, whoever she was, she was there.

From Blaise’s Journal
My dinosaur squints to the West, whence Lewis and Clark and Sacajawea disappeared, over the mountains and down the Columbia to the nation's end, the misnamed Pacific. To them it was a land of wonder; to go where they went, we'd have to go farther. What did they wonder when they saw the ocean breaking at the end? For all their awe, a sinking? For all the wonders they'd seen, what do you do when you reach the end not having found that one dear thing you most desire, the one priceless something you don't even dare name? When every inch has been quantified and surveyed, how can you lie to yourself that it's still there, just hidden, or maybe only hidden in your mind instead of space?
It took them 187 days to retrace their steps and get back to St. Louis. They all got honors and stuff. For some of them it was never enough. The memory of their great achievement was a haint to every mundane day after.

From Rosalind’s Journal
Blaise ended up spending his days at the filling station and his nights at the mansion. It turns out the Eurotrash were scientists from the German line of Bohrs and had made a machine to talk to the Void. There was a whole crowd of German folks there, young folks who had reconciled science and drugs and bad techno-pop, and they were friendly enough but they did not talk to Blaise much. They could sense his aversion to androgyny and spandex. If they asked him questions about circuitry he gave them answers, but he was almost more like an icon than a companion to them, a thing they wanted because they liked trophies. They gave him a blonde, a redhead, a brunette, and a Carmelita - smooth all, save for the redhead, who was fiery from head to toe. That woman put life back into Blaise that he didn’t know he had. She would have ridden him all night like a flagpole if he’d let her.
But always he came back to the Carmelita, though she was not Carmelita. The real Carmelita would have been older by then, and she would not have done the things this girl did. At least he didn’t think she would have. To tell the truth he didn’t know.
He helped them design their machine, when asked, because he did not care. He figured they were only asking him questions now and then to let him feel useful. He could tell they regarded him as a trophy. They also had an ex-astronaut there who had gone to the moon and then gone nuts. He was their prize possession. He spent most of his days watching TV and was too messed up to even walk down to the baitshop for a soda, so Blaise would run the odd errand for him.
*
One night they decided they were ready to talk to the dead, and it was then that Blaise began to realize he still cared a little about good and evil after all. They invited him to the inaugural attempt. There were a lot of keen-faced slightly predatory German-looking youth there. When Blaise came into the room they applauded him but he did not like it. (For one thing they were vegetarians and lately he had been really hungry all the time and low blood sugar. That left him always permanently kind of pissed off).  They had a special chair for him to sit in, in front of lots of dials, and an honorary switch to throw, but he would not be operating the machine himself.
Their leader, a blonde wolfish young man, recounted how Blaise’s dad had almost discovered the secret. There are two things out there left to hear - the totality of everything - that is the music of the spheres, the song of heavens, the event horizon of being changing to becoming; and the Void.
The Void is the sound of nothing, the sound of the universe when you take all the other sounds of life and motion away. Technically it is the sound of the dead, but the dead don’t talk. It is the hiss of the fallen angels.
They used an empty monstrance as the antenna. It was a relic of Boheme. They nailed it crooked to the roof of the mansion, and then they hooked it with a wire that they ran down to the machine. 
They asked Blaise to throw the honorary switch but he would not. “Throw your own damn switch,” he said and got up from the chair with a loud scooting noise. “I need to find a steak and a pizza.”
The leader looked a little shocked but then he laughed, and the rest of them laughed, too, at their pet eccentric, and so the leader threw the switch himself. Immediately the lights in the room darkened and then some strobe light came on and Eurotrash music began thumping. The young man put on headphones from the device and shook Blaise’s hand.
“Thank you, Blaise. It was better that I did this myself.”
He sat down to strain to listen for the signals. Everyone else thumped to the music in their odd emotionless marionette-like German dances. Blaise looked around for one of his girls but none were there, or the none were there that were not with other people, so he walked off to the baitshop and took a foot-long sandwich from the refrigerator case then sat out in his lawnchair and stared at the dinosaur he’d set up to glow, ate his food and drank a beer.
Later he heard that the leader of them claimed to have heard a dry empty voice funneled down through that empty monstrance:
"Make the world clean."
"Make the world clean."
They recorded the whispers and set them to bad synthesizer music and planned how they could make the world clean. Some of them knew a little about botulism and gases. Other planned to popularize suicide parties as a new social trend. That idea particular piqued them because it had a performance art aspect to it. They planned one for Blaise and for the astronaut - it would be glorious, they said, part technology and part art and part futuristic statement. They said it laughing, but a German laughs when he is always kind of serious, but it woke Blaise up a bit.
The day after the inaugural testing of the device, when they all were still hungover and asleep, Blaise pried the monstrance from the roof. It was a beautiful thing - a relic from the misguided artisans who’d founded Boheme. He buried it on some acres that Bess guarded. They had to use a wire hanger for an antenna after that, and it didn’t attract the same quality of demons.
“I’m getting rid of them this week,” Blaise told Dale at the filling station the next day.
“Now yer talking! Good old Blaise again!”
Blaise smiled at him. He had begun planning his escape from the Germans. He decided that they had to burn. He had a streak inside him that warmed to making the world clean as well.
He weaned himself off the girls, but so as not to arouse suspicion (he said), he did it over a prolonged period of time. He kept the redhead the longest because there was something in her that actually enjoyed life and so, he thought, there was some sliver of herself that was redeemable and real. The Carmelita lookalike got jealous. Blaise didn’t care. 
He got the astronaut out of there by manufacturing a power surge that blew out the 100-odd TVs he watched every day. The old man was inconsolable after that, so the Germans gave up on him and Blaise contacted a relative of his and drove him to the bus station. Away from the TVs and out in the car and with clean air blowing in the rolled-down window he wavered suddenly into a different mood.
He looked at Blaise for a moment with clear eyes.
“Did I ever tell you that one time, up there on the Moon, we saw something we didn’t understand, part shadow and part shimmer, and that now and then ever since I’ve felt like something followed me back from home the void?”
Blaise felt my hands grip the steering wheel tight, as if something was trying to make him suddenly steer the car into a tree and kill them both.
“Are you bullshitting me?” 
“Look, I don't know anymore. The other guy won't talk about it. He got elected to Congress and only says what his advisers tell him and one thing they tell him is not to talk to crackpots, so he is all fake smiles now. But me, I went kind of nuts. There are three seconds of audio from NASA where I talk about a bogey. I saw something and I felt a chill. These damn German have that three seconds of audio here, of course, looped and set to techno pop. I hate techno pop.”
Blaise agreed. Blaise drove him to the bus station, and there was his sister waiting for him, to escort him back home to be amongst his family, and once he got on the bus the last Blaise saw of him was his face looking out the window, and by then whatever liberation had settled briefly upon his soul had vanished, and he looked like he was watching TV again. The world as TV.
*
With the astronaut gone Blaise proceeded with his plan. He began by putting window bars on the mansion. Jude helped him. Yes, Jude had reappeared. He left a nice beekeeping job because he heard Blaise was out and he wanted to make sure Blaise stayed on the straight and narrow. 
With the window bars in place, the rest was easy. Blaise got the gasoline from the filling station.
"You're not really going to do it?" Jude asked him when he learned of the plan.
"Look Jude, they want to kill the world and I helped them. If you had any smarts you would leave now and go find my sister Janet. You always wanted her anyway and she wants you. If you hadn't screwed around with Tess she would have had you, maybe, if you could ever keep your head on straight. Maybe time has healed all that. Maybe time has mellowed her and improved you. Walk the straight and narrow from now on and she will have you. I think she always kind of loved you. Now leave me to my business."
“I'm here to rescue you from yourself.”
“I’m not doing anything to myself, but I do mean to see them burn. If I don't do it they will do it to themselves. But if I do it I take the power from them and, in exposing their frailty to themselves, give them an slim opportunity for realization and redemption."
He saw madness in Blaise’s eyes.
“What is up with you?” he asked.
Blaise stared at him, and for a moment his face cracked and one tear rolled down his cheek. “Oh Jude, I put the headphones on.”
“What?”
Blaise looked at him and cried. “I couldn’t help it, Jude. I walked into the room and no one was there and no one was watching, and so I went up to the machine and I saw some plans of theirs on the table and I pushed them in my pocket and then I flipped the switch and I put the headphones on. Good God, when I saw the awful thing they were planning, I wanted to talk to my father…”
“Oh Blaise…”
“I heard nothing!” he shouted. “I heard nothing - and then I heard the goddamn voice like a whisper across ice, the voice of death and the Void.”
And Jude saw the madness in Blaise’s eyes.
“Make the world clean!”
“Goddamnit Blaise, make yourself clean!”
But Blaise shoved him to the ground and chased him off then set off all the machinery he set in place. The mansion went up like a roman candle. 
Blaise saw the Eurotrash leader throw open a window from the topmost floor and stare down at him. But the man was not terrified. Instead he was smiling. He was on so many drugs he did not care if he lived or died. 
He shouted down. “Well done, my Yankee cousin! It takes an American to do the things that take real guts. My only regret is that you did not finish the final cleansing I was planning.”
"Of the planet?" Blaise asked.
He looked at Blaise. "I'm German," he said. "Of course I mean of the planet." Then he ducked back in and Blaise heard them start a party inside. A suicide party. Damn Eurotrash.
 The Carmelita came running out of the burning mansion and stopped beside Blaise.
"Why her and not me?" she said.
"What?"
"Why do you like the redhead and not me?"
"Because there is something in her that loves life."
"She doesn’t love you."
"Love? There is not a molecule of love in this whole place. There is only death. But would you mind going in and getting the redhead for me?"
Something quivered and changed in her face. For all her robotic duplicity, something deep inside here was wounded. 
“Make yourself clean,” Blaise muttered to himself, and he did not know where it came from. It came from Jude.
But the woman thought he was talking to her. "What gives you the right to talk? You built the damned device. You've been sleeping with more girls that you can count. And you tell me to make myself clean?" 
She ran back into the burning mansion, and then Blaise heard the words Jude had said, only shouted at him now from all the universe:
"Make yourself clean. Make yourself clean."
He turned to run into the house and save someone, but a monstrous explosion threw him back.
Jude yanked him out of there. He dragged him across the field and upwind from the smoke. Blaise flitted in and out of conscious, always seeing fire and ash. 
Jude stared at him wild-eyed. "Good God, what were you thinking?" he asked.
"I was saving the world," Blaise said. And then he blacked out.
Later Blaise learned that Bess Truman had died of smoke inhalation trying to save people. She saved a few.
Jude and Blaise both did ten more years in prison after that. Jude did time because he was stupid enough to try to defend Blaise in court by saying he had known about the plan but done nothing, and that Blaise was crazy but Jude was sane and he could have done more to stop it. As for Blaise, the angel of the oblivious cast enough of its glow upon him on the witness stand that it made one or two of the jury members think that he might actually have prevented some bigger calamity the Germans were planning. Blaise did have the plans he had stolen from the desktop, and his lawyer showed them to the court.
What Blaise did not tell them was there was not one damn fool among them smart enough to have ever executed the plans. All they loved was drugs and music. That damned device they made only worked because the Devil wanted it to. Heck, Blaise even had to change the light bulbs for them.

From Blaise’s Journal
Time passed slowly in prison. I took to whittling. Once again, Jude fell to keeping bees. By now the challenge of the Africanized “killer bees” was upon the lower parts of the continent. He felt his instinct toward harmony yoked now with purpose. He would save the world (the USA) from them. He glowed more brightly in his dreams.
Now that he was well into middle age, out of prison and searching for a simple life of peace, Jude saw and interpret signs. He saw signs at the end of the suburbs. The vacuum of paradise was projected onto his ragged dreams. He sometimes sat himself at the intercise of space and time and visions spiraled down from infinitely above him, down to the earth and around him.
His mission, his last goal in life, out here in the flatlands of Oklahoma, was to be the one to pacify the killer bees. To stop their northward march in their tracks, to realign their natures with the humble northern honeybee, to blend the species into one of peace, the tranquilize and tranquilate the unrest that marched north, that threatened to unknit and decimate. And in doing so, at this late date, from a shack abutting the abandoned ruins of Boheme, he was compelled by a desire to understand a mystery not the way a scientist understands it, by cracking it open to see what makes it tick, but a desire to see it on its own terms, not the mystery of invulnerability - of the scientist observing and the object pinned by a needle and an antiseptic stare, but the mystery of vulnerability, to be saved from the mystery by becoming known by the mystery itself, to meet it on its own terms and live to tell.
Really, if his life weren't so complicated, he liked to fancy he could regain some respect by finding a way to save the Northern Continent from killer bees. There was just enough goodness left in him to want to do that, to become the Gregor Mendel of bees, to redeem his life by bequeathing to mankind this one great gift, the a way to place the strains back into harmony. He would meet the killer bees and turn the other cheek and love them, and in this heal their rage, and also give the northern bees new strength, and leave to the dying Western world ensured fields of bowing golden wheat.

Chapter 6 – So That is How It’s Going To Be
From Jude’s Journal
Damn, that Rosalind Russell was fine. Kind of like a young Jane Russell, with a beautiful alabaster face and that cascading brunette hair and, well, her figure. That walk of hers could shake peaches from the tree. I don’t think she ever realized it. I sure didn’t realize it back then – it must have been the 80’s hair. But damn. I could kick my younger self for being too stupid to see it. If we weren’t both so busy competing against each other to see which of us was Blaise’s best friend, maybe something could have happened.

From Blaise’s Journal: So That Is How It’s Going To Be, God?
I got out of prison and was back at my blanched acres. There was a wide scorched circle where the mansion had been; I drank myself into a stupor and woke up near the abandoned railroad track with the stars wheeling above me and a bottle beside my head.
A ghost train of seven cars went past in hues of navy and champagne, with the most wonderful golden light coming from inside, and the cars from left to right as they passed showing the progression of the most sophisticated party in the world, with men in tuxedos and women in beaded gowns from another era, and each car told the story from greetings and h’orsdeuovres and cocktails, to dinner, to music and parlor games, to pairings off and advances rebuffed or welcomed, to excess and indulgence, and finally to naps of elegant people in awkward positions, thrown about like beanbags but as blissful as children. And outside the last car, when everyone else was sleeping, outside and leaning against the rail looking at the night as the world moved by in open prairie countryside was the most beautiful woman in the world, and I felt like I was meant to know her, or she to know me, but it had not happened in this world, but it had been meant to happen, and it had happened someplace else and we had been happy.
“Life is not a gift, it is a curse,” something wanted me to say. 
“Life is not a gift, it is a curse. It is a slow, self-aware march to oblivion through a forest of platitudes and stage props.”
“Life is not a gift, it is a curse. You know you are going to die, and you desire what you cannot have, and after a while what you have you do not want. And if you did not need what you desire it would not matter; but you need it because you desire it, and you desire it because you cannot have it, or do not have it, and your picture of your happy self is incomplete without it, and you desire it because you are alive but life is not enough, because you know what it could be but what it isn't, and you want love.”
I turned off that voice. I would not say what it taunted me to say.
I said, “God, do not drag and jar my eye to stare at the could-have-been-but never-was, the unrequited past, because even You can't undo that, or redo that, and it is a desire eternally out of reach of fulfillment. It is a Hell.”
“So that is how it is to be? To wrestle you, God, every day for my life? Fine then, let's wrestle. I am tired of wilting in a corner. If you want me to wrestle your angel every day to prove that I deserve to live then fine, let's wrestle, but that means I get to ask you questions, that we wrestle with your contradictions, and we roll outside the ring onto your own turf and if I pin you the angels get to see it, and if you pin me I still get to wrestle tomorrow because I would rather fight you and live than deny you and die.”
“Out of the depths I have cried to thee, O Lord: Lord, hear my voice. Let thy ears be attentive to the voice of my supplication. If thou, O Lord, wilt mark iniquities: Lord, who shall stand it. For with thee there is merciful forgiveness: and by reason of thy law, I have waited for thee, O Lord. My soul hath relied on his word: My soul hath hoped in the Lord. "From the morning watch even until night, let Israel hope in the Lord." Because with the Lord there is mercy: and with him plentiful redemption. And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities.”
I am a leftover from another age. I imitated my father when I should have followed my mother. She was the strong one - she put up with him. My mother and her family lived in a part of town known as Capitol Hill although the capitol was nowhere near it and as if there were really anything like hills in that flatland prairie city born from a land rush and the discovery of oil. It was, however, somewhat of a prominence compared with the rest of the town, and in the 1930's it offered an unbroken vista of oil wells cluttering the fields a few miles to the east and off further, to the north, the clutch of neo-classical and art-deco towers of the nascent metropolis (a mile-wide, dry riverbed interposing between the "hill" and them). But her neighborhood had neither the rowdiness of the oilfields nor the preening ostentation of a town already beginning to confuse accidental wealth with innate deservedness or virtue. Her neighborhood was made up of close-packed small brick houses, and in those days it was almost a suburb, and the streetcar from downtown would come clanging up on its last run, and her father would get off of it and come home when twilight was falling and the lightning bugs had begun to spark and fade across the green-blue lawns and the shrubs and gardens were beginning to yawn back their perfumed moisture to the fading sky, and she loved him and she loved that time of night when he came home.
In truth, there was some beauty to that site, to the prominence of the hill that they might have chosen as the site for the capitol had the Sister of Mercy not nabbed it decades earlier, before statehood, and dropped a boxy five-story convent and mission school smack in the middle of nowhere by God's guidance, before any sane man would have been able to ken any importance to the place. 
And instead of becoming a keystone to the metropolis the small neighborhood became a kind of window on it, a place to look out on its growth, judge it, observe it, hide from it - to watch and to live - all to the sound of workmen coming home to welcoming children and the notes of unseen artists rehearsing music in rooms with every window opened against the summer heat, and their music co-mingling with the cries of insects and children reviving and emerging out into the remainder of the day and the shish-shish-shish of sprinkler as the sun finally hid.
And as a girl she used to skate in the shadow of that school and convent, the steel wheels of her roller skates striking sparking twilight, bewildering the lightning bugs. Her mother had sewed dolls for sale in the department stores, and her father had taught piano lessons to purchase them for her.
And she was happy in the small odd neighborhood that was part blue collar part businessman part bohemian, but her older brother was never happy, and when the years had passed and WW II came he enlisted as soon as he could, and announced proudly to his father (he was always ashamed of his father) that he was leaving forever, and when he left she felt lonely and stuck, and the girl whose steel wheels struck sparks in the shadow of the convent in the innocence of youth felt her first yearn of doubt and wonder, and now the family was not so well off she had been supporting them (and all her younger brothers and sisters) by working and cleaning up at the convent, and sometimes when she was cleaning in the building's upper rooms at night she would look out and wonder where he was and what he was doing, and nothing within sight of that boxy building, be it the downtown or her own house, seemed enough and everything looked too small for her, like her own worn-out clothes pushed several seasons too far. And she thought of asking the Mother Superior about her feeling and then thought not. And when she had finished her work and was descending the stairs she would be thinking partially about her own thoughts  but also about a certain round and red-faced Irish priest who drank too much and visited the nuns for dinner, a man whose laugh and look she did not like, but whom she could avoid by pausing to listen at the landings and then choosing a certain passage or a hall like a quiet clever mouse, in a building she now knew ten times better than anyone, including the Mother Superior herself. 
And when she reached the first floor she would spring out into night air and dash the first several yards from the convent until she was well past the gate and outside the light of the streetlights, away from the convent but away from her home as well, out toward an empty field of grass. And the cooled night air would gust her hair and she would think of herself as a child of four, with life and fury striking fireflies from the pavement with her vigor and her steel skates, and she would thank God for her life and for her ability to feel it grow, to feel the need and want for something so much larger than herself she could not name it, but she thanked God for that, and wondered about her brother and prayed that he was safe, and that when he came home he would be full of gusto and story upon story. And the cooled night air would gust her hair and her dress and toss the fireflies around her.
There aint no hope left for the dyin' Western World,
There aint no hope left for the dyin' Western World,
There aint no hope left for the dyin' Western World,
There aint no hope at-tall.
I hear there's pretty senoritas in the Philippines that ain’t scolds.
Even when I'm miserable I can do something weed a garden.
Why did Jesus Christ have to save the world by dying? Why does dying into sweetness and silence attract me so much more than, say, becoming an assistant manager at Denny's? That is to say, why couldn't Christ have lived a friendly life feeding squirrels and saying something nice to everybody? He could've done it. Lord knows the medieval philosophers blew up God to such gigantic proportions that none of us can spot a trace of him today. 
Perhaps I took my gradeschool catechism at St. Michael's too seriously and literally, when all the time there were trapdoors and escape hatches, tunnels that you could slip through every now and then, escape, roll in the grass and sunlight, refresh yourself, and then rejoin the guided tour through the medieval castle. 
My father monitored the unraveling and I have too, but I’ve also swept the skies to see where a dewy angel might have fled, with drops of dew awash with color from her wings still tincturing my eyes though she’s departed, perhaps like red-on-red making it impossible to see her now, until my eyes or her soft wings are washed anew.
I am ready to be free.

Did You Find Out Where He Gets His Money? - Part 3
“Did you find out where he gets his money?”
“He has no goddamn money!” Laredo said. “He has luck. Blaise has had more second chances in his life than a body has a right to, and it’s solely because God loves him more than other people.”
“I wish I were as lucky. I wish I had made the right choices when I was young. But Mother, I told you I was not going to rip the damn bastard off. So they are going to sell Boheme? Big deal - it will take all the money they get from that and then some to ship him half way across the planet, set him up in the Philippines, keep him out of trouble, keep him on pills. And his sisters deserve some of that money, too.”
“That was my plan - to leave him alone. But you remembered something, didn’t you?”
“In the 1980's, beyond all my scheming, I met a girl who was probably the right one. I had been planning to sabotage Blaise and was attending a party to try to move some chamber of commerce people against him and I met a pretty girl who was with the catering staff and of course I flirted with her and told her to meet me at the club some time - that my name would get her in - but driving home that night I saw a car broken down off to the shoulder and I got out to help and it was her, and suddenly I saw her as a real person, not a trinket, someone who worked hard and had a careful nobility of personhood about herself and needed help. She acted flustered and apologized for the oldness and the shabbiness of her car, but that made an arrow of what I must seem like to her get through, and I told her to make nothing of it, that we are all just working to make our way, and I asked her to hold my jacket and I looked under the hood and found a wire that I reaffixed to distributor cap with some duct tape that resolved the immediate problem, and she thanked me but I told her the fix was temporary at best and that seeing it was so late at night it was best if I follow her home.”
“She was averse to this. I think she was ashamed of what I might see. But I told her I had grown up in that little parish in the near north of the city and she nodded and said she knew that place, that she had some girl friends who went there, or had gone there, before they moved away, and after a while she let me follow her home, and I saw her safely to the driveway of her parents' house and got out and awkwardly said good by, and then all the way back on my drive to the sub-suburbs I felt an insane burning inside me and knew I was madly in love.”
“I felt ashamed of myself and conflicted, but it was the first time in my life I had felt the least caring for anyone else. I knew my mother would not approve, but this slip of a girl was a beauty and a joy. I loved not trying to impress her. I loved being with her just so I could be anyone but who I played at being. I preferred to see her world over the world of my clubs and restaurants and brand name this and that. I forgot completely about Blaise. I was in love.”
“But Mother, you found out and when you did you used some connections to see to it that the girl's father lost his job, and with that they had to move. She wrote me the saddest letter that I kept for ages, that I still keep, in which she says her father was griefstruck and that her mother needed her help to take care of them both, and that they were moving to live near kin in Florida. She had worked three jobs while he looked for work but they defaulted on their house loan. She said it was okay that she left because neither she nor I were grown up yet, really - we were just playing that we were, but that neither of us had reached the age or stage to think about serious things. She sent me this after she had already gone. I went by one day and her house was empty. It broke my heart. I had nowhere to turn and nowhere to go.” 
“The whole world might as well have been empty. It felt like it had felt when my grandma died a decade earlier - like a pillar of the earth had shook, like the world had lost another veil of its gold and luster from the ideals we have of it in childhood. I knew to the depth of my heart for the first time what it meant to be alone - what it meant that we are born into this world alone and that we die alone. My heart sank. I fell into myself and broke and cried and I don't think I have ever put myself back together quite right, though I can pass for it as much as this world demands, except to myself in piercing moments that sometimes strike out of nowhere no matter how many people and how much stuff I clutter my life with.”

Chapter 7: Escape from the Sub-Suburbs
From Blaise’s Journal
I can stand on the tin steps of my mobile home and see where they are building a new megachurch out here in the hinterlands of Oklahoma's foremost metropolis, after decades of inertia. I can sit in the twilight and watch the last puffs rise from the yellow and black dirt movers, planing and sculpting the red clay, clearing the way for a new church that will likely look more like a mediplex than a temple of the Holy Ghost.
Now over ten years have passed and life is creeping back into the sticks at last but in a different way than the eighties oil boom prosperity once foretold. That boom, when it seemed boundless, promised something like a stampede into the sticks, something like the original land run that colonized the state, the last postage stamp of Western turf, in the last days of one past century and the first days of another. It was to be a frenzied, hopeful - let's call it greedy - colonizing, romanticized all out of proportion by propaganda cowboy poets who still find success even today, celebrated aw shucks feudal liars, paid and finding extravagant success perpetuating the land run's mythic untrue motive of a "square of soil and a patch of sky and a dream of freedom." They were company men then and they are company men now. The true motive was something-for-nothing greed. If the land run were held today it would be populated by the kind of fat women in stretch pants you see beating their kids in Wal-Mart and by the kind of skinny, hollow-eyed men who spend their kids' lunch money at the track or on the state lottery. And by the rich - nobody gets their rocks off getting something for nothing like the rich. One time the restaurant I worked for hosted a catered affair for suburban junior league do-gooders and I swear a woman richer than Midas went into uncontrollable paroxysms of bliss simply for winning a cake.

From Rosalind’s Journal: At the Bait Store 
They scheduled the “intervention” for Blaise at the baitshop. Ray Jr. runs the baitshop and he’s told me what went on. His father Ray Sr. bought the car graveyard after Blaise’s uncle had fled when his illegal gambling operation got exposed in the wake of the old bust. Ray has no education but has been a shrewd businessman. His rare car parts industry has thrived, particularly with the advent of the internet. He is the major rare car parts dealer for the Southwest.  He bought the baitshop for his son to run. Ray Jr. has no skills, but the sheer indolence of the place lives up to his aptitudes. His cousin Dale Charboneau runs the adjacent Sinclair filling station.
At about ten in the morning Janet arrived, first of the group, stepping through the bell-clanging baitshop door in a businesswoman’s suit.  Ray Jr. whistled low but when he found out who she was he offered her a soda pop, on the house. She took it and retreated quietly to the table in the corner. She had a briefcase that looked heavy.
Tess arrived next. If Ray whistled low at Janet his jaw dropped at Tess. She had blossomed into a big, bosomy, Maye West "come up and see me some time" type of gal with acres of tattoos, died red hair, dark lipstick, green eye shadow, and a phony beauty mark. These days she worked in California on a rescue farm for abused Hollywood stunt animals and the abandoned exotic pets of the rich and stupid. It was owned by a once-famous leading lady who had found a higher calling about the same time the studios decided they just couldn't cast her anymore. Tess had come across the job while working as a roadie for a faded metal star who did not know what to do with the pet hyena he had purchased on a six-month bender. Aside from her zoo career she also worked for the metal head's wife as a personal shopper and girl-friday because she was trustworthy in spite of all her tats and double-checked the books every day to make sure the band’s manager wasn’t skimming money. 
Next came Jude. Janet scowled at him and wished he would hold himself up straight when he walked. He nodded to them both and sat across the table from Tess. She smiled at him pleasantly when she saw him gawking at the painted dragons on her forearms.
"Chinese - good luck. Wanna touch one?"
Jude laughed nervously and for too long. Tess rolled her eyes and Ray Jr. saw this and laughed and Tess hung a wandering gaze back at Ray, who crossed his arms and pushed his fists up under his biceps to make them look bigger than they were. Their eyes met and suddenly foretold a hookup later that night.
The threesome at the table exchanged pleasantries for a bit. Janet asked Jude about his plans, knowing full well she had pulled more than a few strings to get him a steady but low-paying job with the state department of bees. Jude rambled about how much he enjoyed the job and then lurched into his secret hope that he might somehow help to save North America from killer bees, then he slipped up and mentioned how Blaise had told him that someday in the future, bees might be used to deliver messages via microcircuitry should the etherverse collapse.
"They can orient themselves via the sun, Blaise said. Even if the world goes to hell, as long as the sun stays in the same place it would work. Bees and microspheres of data no bigger than grains of pollen, sticking to and brushing off their legs at stations set up between towns. Passage pigeons of the post-apocalypse."
Jude's face glowed at the idea at first, but Janet put it to him bluntly. "Grow up. Where is Blaise anyway? He said he’d be here.”
“He told me you were bringing him over,” Jude told Janet.
Janet scowled at him. “He told me you were.”
Just then Blaise strode in through the screen door. He was still big and bear-like after all these years. Tess sprang up and wrapped him in a hug. When she let him go she was crying. Janet remained seated so he just nodded to her and then pulled up a chair with a loud scooting noise.
“Pleasantries all,” he said.
“You’re looking well,” Janet told him.
“Thank you. I am trying to stay well, and stay clean.”
“Good for you!” Tess said. “I think you’re going to love it in the Philippines! Solitude, natural beauty, ocean breezes. Pretty senoritas.”
“Yes,” Blaise said. “I’m ready for that. More than ready.” He looked down at his hands and wrinkled his face a bit in self scrutiny, but after a while he could not contain himself. "Look, I heard what you were talking about when I first came in. I should warn you, however, that what Jude was describing is nowhere  near as wild as it seems. While I was in prison, I figured out a way to take the whole grid down."
"Blaise…"
But his eyes were widening. "This whole internet - this network of networks that we trust to define everything about who we are. It's so stupid the way they've designed it. All linked together - banks and governments and everyone's private accounts. You might as well have put a screen door on a submarine. It's all so stupid. One small virus and it all goes down."
Janet glared at him. "You shouldn't think about that, Blaise."
But he went on. "I could take it down with one electron. Think about it - just one wave/particle unleashed spinning the proper way and all the bank accounts vanish, all records of who owes what and who owns what dissolve, trillions of dollars of debt and assets evaporate like so much vapor and the world's in chaos. One zero or a thousand after a digit doesn't matter anymore - it was all fiction. Civilization burns away and everything boils down to who has the most guns and the most Spam stockpiled. Who owns Park Place and who owns Babel - is that a fishhead in the garbage pail? Who's going to till the soil without a line of credit? Only the man in sackcloth has what's his.”
Janet looked at him. "You do realize that I was given power of attorney upon your release. They made me responsible for protecting the world from you, and for protecting you from yourself."
"She mean she holds the keys to your cell in the looney bin," Ray Jr. interjected.
"Ray pretty much summed it up," Jude said. "Look Blaise, stick with our plan. Go to the Philippines. Live a simple life. Find yourself and find purpose - live and work with real people. Otherwise you will always revisit the old temptations."
"You're right."
"And for God's sake, get on some pills."
"The change of pace will be enough."
"Not on my watch," Janet said. "I've got your pill prescriptions and your plane tickets right here, and you need to follow through with both." 
"Thank you," he said.
"You're welcome," she said perfunctorily.
"No Janet, I mean it."
For one moment his eyes got past her guard, and she finally realized all it meant to be brother and sister, and to have their shared history and built-in commitment and care for each other.
"Good God, Blaise," she said and brushed her eyes. "Of course you're welcome. You may have the brain of Dad but you look like Mother and you inherited some of her temperament. That's been your guardian angel. Your innate decency has protected you from yourself."
Blaise thought of the opalescent wings that had often shielded him from destruction. He was happy to think that he preserved and deserved some of the nature of his mother.
“You’re both right,” he said. “In that case, please do not take the phone call you’ll be receiving any second.”
“Why’s that? ” Janet said.
“The Electron,” Blaise said. “I invented it last night.”
“Why?”
“An agent of a government told me to. He said that somewhere in some corner of the world the Cloud had become Flesh so that all who doubted might believe, and in believing, invest, and in investing, ignore the unreal nature.  Even the devil doesn't have you sign a sheet of paper. Your soul is somewhere in the cloud, and it’s his.”
“Good God,” Janet said.
“It’s true,” Blaise persisted. “A man in black came to my house last night and told me! Made him sound like the anti-Christ.  But never mind head’s on straight again, and even though I built the Electron I won’t unleash it. I’m clean and sober now. Just don’t anyone take a phone call from me until I get back to my house. I left the man back at my house, and I gave him my cell phone.” 
Janet’s eyes got wide. “Nobody move!” she said. “Dale, get us over the Blaise’s trailer on the double!”
“Yes’m.”
Just then they heard the bait shop phone ring and Ray Jr. answer, “Lakeside Bait-n-Tackle - Ray Jr. speaking. May I help you?”
And then the world began to slip slowly away.
And then Blaise began to laugh. 
Janet fell back blanched. Tess looked stunned for a moment, then she laughed like she would bust a gut. Ray looked stunned but then admired her as she shook. They would hook up later that night.
Blaise sat back in his chair. “Got you,” he said.
Janet glared. “That was not funny.”
Blaise just looked at his feet and smiled. “Well how about this: Jude, did you tell Janet how Dale Charboneau has tracked down you and Janet’s love child?”
This time he did not laugh. Jude and Janet looked at each other. Blaise sipped at his pop until it made that bottom-of-the-bottle noise, and Dale cleared his throat. Janet sat up and clasped her purse and Jude suddenly became engrossed in a study of his folded hands upon the table. 
“A twenty-year excursion into the past awaits you two.” Blaise said.
“Indeed it does,” Dale Charboneau said, “Now look - I’ve scouted out the lay of the land. Here’s a map...”
“Good God, we’ll just get plane tickets,” Janet said.
“I like the easy way,” Dale agreed. “He’s 21 years old and was raised by a cult. You have a chance to tell him where he came from and who he can be.”
“What do you say, honey?” Jude said tremulously.
Janet glared at him. “Shut up, Jude.”

Did You Find Out Where He Gets His Money? - Part 4
Blaise went to Tumbleweed Motors late this evening. He looked Laredo up personally and gave him his old car - his old Thunderbird, the chariot made from parts of 1000 other cars. It was twilight and Laredo looked at him, stunned, but he just dropped the keys in the palm of Laredo’s hand and shoved the title into his jacket pocket.
“I don’t hate you anymore,” he said. “And anyways, what the fuck? It takes too much energy to hate, and that car can’t take me where I’m going to go - she’s yours.”
Laredo just looked at him and fingered his threadbare blazer. “We’re too old,” he said.
“To hate like we used to? Yeah. Look Laredo, you could sell that car for a lot of money if you wanted, but if I were you I would use it to get the hell out of here.”
“You would?”
“Yes.”
Laredo looked away and thought, then looked at him again. “No, I have a different idea,” he said.
“What’s that?”
“I have a chance to buy my old man’s house. What with the economy picking up, folks are moving back into the inner city. Some of them think those old houses are chic. Some of us know that lots of it is still a war zone. But his house was always in a nice place, and a relative offered to sell it to me for a song.”
Blaise looked at him. “I never would have thought...”
Laredo shrugged. “If I sell your car, I can buy it, and I will finally have enough scratch ahead to change my name back to ‘Don Jr.’ ”
“Good God!” Blaise said. “Are you sure?” Then he stood and thought and fixed his eyes on Laredo. “It’s a girl, isn’t it?”
“Maybe it’s a girl. Maybe it’s just the possibility to be worth one.”
“You know what? Let me give you the name of a Texas oilman who will take that car off your hands for twice what it’s worth. He’s lusted after it for years.”
“Thanks Blaise.” 
Blaise turned in the twilight and began to walk away.
“Need a ride home?” Don Jr. asked.
“Naw, I’ll walk.”
Don Jr. jingled the keys in his hand as he watched Blaise disappeared. Then his eyes lifted to the grey middle light of the settling evening and he watched a new life unfold in his mind, in that little house in the center of things, with life reawakening around it. He saw a beautiful woman in that house whose love would chase the shadows from its farthest corners. He always hated imagining himself happy, but this time he let him imagine himself happy.
He drove down to the courthouse the next day and changed his name back to ‘Don Jr.’  And then yes, he sold the car to the rich Texas oilman - but not before opening it up on a wide deserted strip of highway, just to see how fast it would go.

From Blaise’s Journal  
The next few weeks moved quickly. Janet closed the deals for Dad’s acres and the lot that had been Boheme. I had found three mason jars of silver dollars there. Well, Bess did. God bless Bess. She was a good friend. I have sent the silver dollars on ahead of me in a box marked as “books.” No one wants to open books. 
Bess also found some holy relics which I gave to the diocese. They will go in the church - St. Raphael’s. I donate the land, I choose the name.
Jude and Janet have gone to meet their long lost son. He was raised by some Yankee cult. Vegetables, the worst of Emerson, and yoga. He has some of Jude in him so he hasn’t lived up to the potential of all his pent-up rage. He’s saved it up for them - it’s something a scholarship to Brown won’t work out. I have paid for the three of them to backpack across Europe. A Europass costs next to nothing. Between the trains and the hostels they will get to know each other. And Jude will eventually win over Janet if he gets some gumption. He already has some lectures lined up at learned institutes on the possible influence of cell phone frequencies on bees, and that impresses her.
*
I have moved to the Philippines.
I have moved to the Philippines and am with my friend from high school who joined the navy then decided to live here. He got me a place to stay. He is a jolly soul, more coarse than I remembered, or I am softer. But he is fun. During the first few weeks after my arrival he has tried to fix me up with at least a dozen girls, but none have been right. And he likes living in the city and I do not. 
*
I have moved to a smaller village. It was while fixing a missionary's car that I learned of it. He tried to Christianize me in the born-again stripe and I tried to repulse him, but in the end it all came down to the fact that his car had broken down and I fixed it for him and then we were friends. It is important to make friends in these last days. The last days are a dangerous place to be a Christian, but at least now if he dies he cannot blame it on his car, or for that matter on his stupid motorboat. I do good work.
And so I agreed to follow him out here to this small village where people need stuff fixed if he promised not to try and Christianize me. I am already Christian but can't prove it to his satisfaction. But I can fix cars and other things and he said they could use a man like me and so I followed him here to this quieter place, and I am useful and I am happy.
It is a small town not far from Manila, but far enough to be quiet. I fix old cars and radios by day. It is fun work. It is satisfying work. I work with my hands. Here, they are not rich. Here, they still have old things. There are several cars from the 1950's, stuck in time, like I have seen in photographs from Cuba. Here they still fix things. I am useful to them. At first I tried to teach English, but I am no damn good at that. 
After a few weeks, I met a Carmelita. 
Well, I met a kind of a Carmelita. She is different from the girls my friend tried to fix me up with in the city. She is warm and caring and I love her. Of course she is not the same as Carmelita. The latter would be older now, no matter how she is frozen in the picture of my memory, next to my heart, struck in stone when I was 18. There will never be a "we" made of she and I again, not in this world - not in any world. I still love her. The trouble is I will always love her - that is the curse of love in youth.
Still, life lives on. Life lives on precisely because it is a wound of the heart. If we were not wounded we would be in paradise or dead. Instead, we are here, and life is good solely because we share in the passage of being wounded to be free, of being hopeful in a world seldom meriting hope, but because we hope we dare to want and imagine something bigger than this world can hold. We laugh at it. At night, on our porch, as twilight is casting itself in gold and red, my girl and I, my Marguerite, we laugh at it. We laugh that they say I am too old for her. But I am not that old - and if she were to tell the truth, she is not that young.
There may be a life after this, and in it, all things that are good and that were good may be, and I will be with everyone living and dead, and my heart will have no wound but will remember its wound precisely to prove I was alive, and live because I was, and I will be free.
I sent Jude and Janet a note. It is important to love the present as much as the past. I hope their lives are well.
And I knew it was the voice my father should have heard, and that I should listen to, and I credited my angels that had always been with me, shielding me when others fell astray. And to this day I do not know why they have blessed me when they have failed to bless others, but I knew that in letting me listen they also expect more of me, and that I will be judged on whether, in the end, I have chosen whether or not to help others.
I am in the Philippines, but last night I had this dream, and in this dream I see a prophecy, and so I share it as a warning, for it is impossible to lie about the future. It is something I am thinking over now - it has remained with me since this morning, and so now I am writing it down. My girl is in town and she will not let me work on it when she comes home tonight, and so I will finish it now, to warn you.
In my dream someone unleashed the Electron. The Electron that wormed through the internet and unknit everything. I didn't, but someone did. Hell, maybe I did. I talk in my sleep, so maybe I do stuff too. Or maybe some Filipino read my mind and did it. In any case they had unleashed the Electron and the world had gone to Hell. 

From Blaise’s Journal:  Icarus Tyrannus
I was back in the States, and the country had long since been ravaged by depression and by the asymmetrical attacks, we were told, of an unseen enemy. The Electron and the wake of the electron. The opportunistic attacks and the wars of blame, hot at first, then cold, then grudging. Now they had all subsided and the country was in a hell of a way. I had not worked for some time; no one I knew had.
I was alone again. I was riding a bicycle along the shoulder of a rural road not much used by anyone. It was high arid country, almost desert, but the temperature was pleasant. To survive, I scavenged. If I saw something along the road that looked like it could be fixed, and it was already discarded, I took it.
As I rode I saw a phone lying in the gypsum gravel. I stopped and was surprised to see that it was on.
I put it to my ear but heard nothing.  “Hello?” I said. I looked at the faceplate indicating a call in progress. “Hello?” I said again.
There was no answer, and I could not tell if I heard breathing, or static, or nothing.
I looked up and down the road and then out across the plains, but I saw no one who might be its owner. Nonetheless I set it back down on the ground. Something about it made it non-scavengable - it still had an aura of life about, a warmth, as if the person it belonged to might return. 
I rode away hoping its owner would find it. When I was about five minutes down the road I heard sirens race up behind. Five dark sedans passed me in a wall of sound and wind. And just as quickly, they were gone, and I stared down the road in the direction they’d gone. It was a dangerous world, and I hoped that they would capture whoever they were after.
Three days later I was arrested at my shack. The men took me away with as few words as possible, and I acquiesced because they seemed so official and deferential, as if it were a routine matter and that all would be resolved should I comply.
I was photographed, cleaned, and renumbered, all with as few words as possible, and then I was added to a truck with other men. The next day I woke in a large white compound with wire fences and white sand around it. I had a clean jumpsuit on and the air was cool and clean, bracing at first but then comfortable in its purity.
There were many of us in prison. Going there was like watching the tattered backdrop of the current state of life in the country being rolled away and revealing a clean white efficient world behind it. It was nice to see order again. Everything had seemed so degraded out in the country, in the depression following and accompanying the ongoing war, in the citizens’ fight to secure their livelihoods one by one and one against the unseen enemy. But here it was tidy and neat, orderly, and in an odd way it was in prison that the air of paranoia that had hung over life was lifted.
We soon found we could talk openly - it was nice, quiet, clean - the most interesting and polite people were there. Even the guards were restrained and pragmatic if not amiable - quite the contrast to the way policemen had been on the outside.
But every day passed with a sense of purpose, of waiting. We all knew we were there for something, and no amount of tedium would let me think it had been forgotten. The day they called my name it didn’t surprise me. Me and a dozen or so other fellows queued up along a white wall. We looked at each other. We were quiet, almost like children called to the principal's office.
“I suppose this is it, then?” I asked the man next to me.
“Yeah,” he said. “I suppose it is.” He smiled but with the corners of his lips downturned like the least sliver of the moon.
But that was not the end. Instead, we were simply transferred to a different prison. This one was greener and more temperate. There were fewer of us but we had a tidy facility, with guards as indifferent and inoffensive as before, and we worked on a farm. “Farm” is the idyllic term - it was a garden. Each man got to choose what to grow, tend it, harvest it. Part of our dinner each night consisted of vegetables harvested from the field. We each went out of our way to compliment the man who had grown them. We always knew who the owner had been, and the responsible person always accepted our thanks most deferentially, almost bashfully.
At night, when the lights went out with the setting of the sun, we would sit in the common room in the dark, on benches along the wall, each face chanting out in the darkness, maybe a glimpse of cheekbones or jawlines moving if the moon was bright.
“So this was not it,” I said. “They let us live. Why?”
“This is not the end. But it is close to the end.”
“But why do they let us do this? Why not just shoot us behind a barracks?”
“How do you know they won’t, finally?”
“Oh, I suspect they will. But this gap - this waiting. It’s odd.”
“It’s humanitarian.”
“Yes,” I said. “That’s the word.”
There was a guard in the doorway - one was always standing in the doorway - but we didn’t care. We had learned to talk in front of them long ago. If anything he looked bored. We were probably the most polite, compliant inmates he had ever overseen. Only his uniform hinted of military discipline.
I saw the eyes of a man opposite me catch the moonlight. “What do they care what we do, or think, if they know we should never escape. What harm are we to society in here?”
I looked at him. Of course he was right.
Now and then others would be shipped off. Without ceremony, without tears. Sometimes they would just be gone. Other times they would know of their departure a day or two in advance and let us know. They never had an idea where they were going, and neither did we. But there would be one less one day, one more the next. We had a common cast to our eyes. It was an acceptance of a kind of fate, an acquiescence to unknowingness, with crisp starched white sheets and full bland meals in between.
One day I was told I would be leaving. I gathered what few belongings I had - a toothbrush and comb, my shoes, a safety razor, a small tin mirror - and put them in the canvas satchel I’d been supplied. The next day before breakfast a guard came and got me.
We traveled in a white van. There were no windows in it, but there was a small box of books on the floor. The guard sat on a bench opposite me in the back, each of us jolting now and then as the vehicle made its way.
“I suppose you have no idea how long the ride will be?” I asked.
“No idea,” he said.
I looked at the books. They were tattered, a handful of old Modern Library editions from decades ago. I picked up something but stared mostly at the Promethean figure on the flyleaf. The guard saw me looking at it.
“Ha - my kid plays baseball,” the guard said.
I was stunned by the intimacy of the revelation. “What’s that again?”
“That man on the cover looks like he’s diving for a pop fly.”
I froze for a second, then shook my head at him, put a finger to my lips. Immediately he understood. A look of something like terror crossed his face and he blanched like a ghost. He subsequently set his face in a scowl like carved granite.
And so we all transferred periodically from place to place. At some places they gave us tests. Many were boring but some were outlandish. Throughout all of them, however, I came to detect and appreciate the government’s knack for pairing quixotic savants with pugnacious bulldogs of efficiency. Every mad scientist tester was paired with a bean-counter. The mind-reading quack was romantic and hopeless and was paired with a particularly brutal pragmatist. I felt truly sorry that I could not concentrate hard enough to discern the shapes on the backs of the placards for him. In the end I just kept saying circle so as to be right at least once in a while. Then they caught on and took the circle out of the deck. I washed out of many programs.
There was no way to know for sure how long all this went on. Once I was transferred to a place where I caught a glimpse of snow, and the next week I was in a place of steaming jungle in every direction. And so it went. Finally, after weeks or years of this, I walked up to a guard and said to him, “I am tired of this.”
He looked at me. “Yes, you look tired.” he said. “I’ll schedule everything.”
And so he did. I was moved to a smaller section within the same facility and life was better the next few days after that. I had a chair in my cell, some heavily-censored nature magazines, a lamp to read by, and a softer bed. I had a piece of fresh fruit with every meal. Somewhere in the hall there was a window and I could smell the sea nearby. 
The next day I was greeted early by my guard. For the first time in years I was handcuffed. He swept my body with some sort of detector and then led me away.
We walked down a maze of white halls until we came to a desk with a white door beyond. My guard exchanged mutterings with the bored man behind the desk, showed him his badge and my papers. The second man looked at the papers and then looked at me, nodded, and flipped a switch. The doors swung open and we walked in.
The halls continued white for a while, but then gave way to wood paneling at almost the same time the antiseptic smell of the air gave way to the smells of life: smoke and flowers, exhaust and wood. Along the walls I began to see framed commendations, pictures of government officials, and regulatory statements that started out bold but then trailed off into microscopic print.
Finally we came to a large rich wooden door with a bench beside it. My guard told me to take a seat. He went inside, muttered tense pleasantries with someone. Then the door opened again and he walked out and walked past me.
“Good luck, bud,” he said, and then disappeared back down the halls from which we’d come.
A moment later I was let in the room. The secretary directed me to a chair then vanished. I looked around: it was a well-appointed paneled office. The desk opposite me was of rich wood and expansive; papers were everywhere upon it. On the walls were gold-framed awards and diplomas; here on the desk were smiling pictures of a family. And beyond all these was an open window, and beyond that was the sea. Waves softly rolled onto a beach, salt sprayed and gulls cried.
For an instant my heart softened and I loved life in a way I had not in years.
Just then a saturnine man came in from a side door and shook my hand.
“Busy busy,” he said. “Sorry for the delay.”
He had a big once-athletic frame with a big round face and a bushy moustache. In time he would be a walrus of a man, but he was still a decade shy of that. He exuded filiality if not exactly friendliness. I suspected he must have been a coach at one time.
He sat on the edge of his desk and flipped through my papers.
“Oh yes, oh yes,” he mumbled as he turned from page to page. “Damn awful business we’re in. Tough times. But it looks like you’ve done more than your part.”
“Thank you,” I said.
He put down the papers and looked at me. His eyes under thick brows were soft and paternal.
“You are one of the more interesting cases,” he said. “It’s a shame the way things transpire.”
“It is,” I agreed.
“Of course we know you weren’t involved in that. But the point is, we’ve all done something,” he said.
“Yes,” I said. “I’m sure of that.”
He got up and paced. “Some people worry themselves sick, once they get in here. But I say it’s not worth it to scrutinize your conscience. Everyone’s done something. In theory, everyone should be in here.”
“That does make sense.” 
He stared out the window. “And we live in an age that’s too dangerous for second chances. Once people are in here they have every opportunity to continue serving their country, but in a more controlled way.”
“Yes.”
“And you did pick up that phone.”
“Yes. I realize now that was a mistake. We had been warned. We were always being warned.”
He waved off my rote apology. He turned to me and his eyes suddenly gleamed.  “Would you like to hear what it said?”
I felt my eyes widen in surprise. “It said nothing.”
He spread his lips in a smile. He was pleased by my reaction. “What you don’t know is that we had it intercepted. Analyzed. A message had been delivered through that phone just seconds before you arrived. Would you like to hear it?”
“Yes,” I said. I felt myself beginning to tremble.
He leaned forward and pushed a button built into a walnut panel on his desk, and then he sat back. A slight crackling noise filled the room, coming from everywhere and nowhere. Then, in the midst of the static, something fuller and quieter opened behind it, an absence that indicated vitality, like a patient pause or a held breath. Then, from out of the nothing came the whisper of an ageless male voice, as measured and dispassionate as a bone bleached in the desert.
“How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him who brings glad tidings.”
And then the warmth behind the nothing tapered off, and static dominated once more.
The man switched off the speaker. The room filled once more with small, calamitous, officious noises. He looked at the end of his finger. I felt my knees shaking.
“You see what we’re up against?” he said. “They speak in code.”
But I only looked at him. “He was there,” I said, as if I didn’t believe it myself.
“Well yes...he’s a fox and a sly one.”
“Why wouldn’t he talk to me?”
“What?”
Tears streamed down my face. “All my life...” I began but could not finish. I found myself restating facts again. “I held the phone - why wouldn’t he answer me when I held the phone?” My shoulders shook in sobs.
He looked at me. I could feel his eyes take a measure - then, beyond my reckoning, move almost to pity.
“There there,” he said, “We almost had him. The tide is turning.” I felt him put a hand on my sleeve. “Time is on our side now.”
I tried to stifle my emotion, and he stood and walked to his window to avoid looking at me.
“You have been here too long, been through too much,” he said. “I knew we kept you too long, but we had to try...”
I nodded. 
He stared out the window at the ocean. Then, quickly but gracefully, he pivoted and pressed a button on his desk. He swallowed, paused, and set his jaw. 
“Bring me a dismissal form,” he said.
There was a pause on the other end.
“A dismissal?”
“Yes,” he said. “This man has done enough.”
And I felt him end the call and move slowly, ponderously in the office behind me, and I didn’t dare speak another word - not gratitude, not anything - for fear it might change what he had decided. But in another moment I was escorted back to my cell, and the day after that was a flurry of bus rides and transfers in windowless vans. But in another day I was free.
I went back to my home, and it was exactly the same as when it had been abandoned. Nothing in it had changed. And now I roam once more in the near-desert, and I survive, and I watch. I have no doubt they’re watching me, that whatever grain of mercy I was granted held within it some mercenary aim, perhaps to cast me back and watch me, like a fishing line with bait, but to me it does not matter. When He comes they will be able to do nothing about it. And so I watch and I wait, and in my mind I replay that day I found the phone, and in my mind I fancy I notice rising clouds of dust from footfalls, out in the brush but not far off, a hiddenness but not a hiding, a watching and a waiting. 
And, behold, the LORD passed by, and a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an earthquake; but the LORD was not in the earthquake: 
 And after the earthquake a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice. 
And I do not cry that I did not speak with him, for I will speak with him when the hiddenness ends, and the fury comes upon the earth like cleansing fire, and sackcloth trades itself for armor and a sword and a torrent of rain, and a green earth is reborn from a scorched and wasted one.
*
I woke up and Marguerite scolded me for moaning and kicking in my sleep. She stroked my hair until I feel asleep again. In that warm soft bed, when I reached for her I thought of Rosalind. She had looked like Jane Russell. I only noticed this just now, in my mind’s eye, so many decades later. She had been beautiful and better to me than I deserved. I hoped she’d found someone.

From Rosalind’s Journal
There is no reason to worry about me. Blaise is gone and Jude is gone. Janet is gone and Tess is gone, and their old man died years ago.
The land where their house used to stand has already been razed and planed and completely transformed. A strip mall sits there now, still new, with tape on the windows and smelling of paint. Its parking lot is still roped off and bright and drying. Someone has projected their ambitions on it, their hope to thrive.
The new hospital and churches are rising. I can’t even picture Boheme anymore. In fact, except for the bait shop, the whole land looks different. Ray will not sell his bait shop; it is an eyesore amidst the new anticipated growth and splendor. I foresee an inevitable showdown with people who enjoy using the words “eminent domain.”
Dale Charboneau has lit out. It has gotten too civilized for him out here. I don’t blame him. If I had a wilder hair I’d have asked him to take him with me. There was something wonderfully quiet and untamed in him. He was the first man since Blaise who made me stir inside.
But I am here and I have opened Fashion Shots III in the new mall. It gets a surprising amount of business, because, as Blaise once said, there are no stories of our lives. People always want to be who they are not. They always want to be one thing greater, one thing more interesting, so I give that to them.
I just found out that a pistol I have mistaken for a prop for decades is the real deal. I have carried it in my purse under the illusion that I would use to fend off would-be robbers. Well the other day I pulled it just for fun and shot the out bait wells at Ray Jr.’s. It put a pulse in my heart I had not felt in twenty years, and it caused Ray to blurt out that Dale Charboneau has been asking about me, in kind of an affectionate way.
I don’t know - I like my business and my city, but I still say they have built out too far. They always build too far. If Dale ever gets up the nerve to call me we will see. Damn it’s all so shiny and clean out here now. I suppose I grew to like living on the frontier.
The other day I got a postcard from Blaise saying he’d figured out a cheap way to return to the Moon. No details, but he’s certain it would work.
He’s a nut, but hearing it from him, with his enthusiasm, makes me think it just might work. In his mind, in his world, lots of things that you don’t think can work can work. Or at least seem to, for a while.
I like to think that something big like that is still possible. There is time.  I may go see him and bring Dale with me. It may help to make the world seem big and new again.

From Dale Charboneau’s Journal
It is not good that man should be alone. And Rosalind looks like she’d be good at chopping wood. 
A man aint free unless he can build a fire without matches. This high-tech world hollows people out because they let it. 
I reckon I’d like sitting by the fire with her at night, just me and her and the stars.

### The End ###
https://www.facebook.com/paulhawkinsauthoradventurerexplorer 
