 
Danny’s Mind
A Tale of Teenage Mysticism and Heavenly Power
 
By: James Bailie
Copyright © 2012 James Bailie
james_bailie@rocketmail.com
 
This is a work of fiction. Resemblances to persons living or dead, real events, locations or organizations are purely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
 
 
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Epilogue
Commentary on Danny’s Spiritual Cosmology
 
Prologue
 
 
When I stepped out the doors of Peyton, Pennsylvania’s Juvenile Correction Center into the August afternoon, the last thing I expected to see was Steve Kinney waiting to pick me up. 
“Congratulations getting out, Joe,” Steve said. 
“Hey.” 
He was still a broad shouldered, medium height, well-muscled linebacker. His hair was yellower than I recalled but it might have been the bright sun. His smile seemed genuine, but I didn’t get why he was there, since we weren’t exactly friends. I’d allowed my memories to go hazy the last few months, but I had one vivid fragment from the last time I’d seen him—he was shouting my name…my hands ripping his shirt… pushing him…glass cracking…
“We’ve been trying to call you the last few months.”
“I guess I didn’t feel like talking.”
 “Yeah. That was a lot of bad stuff happened.” He paused. “We talked to your dad yesterday. Told him we’d pick you up for him.”
“My dad was gonna pick me up?”
“Ah—“
“Forget it.”
 “Your getting out is a big deal, you know. Everyone’s talking. There’s a lot of people want to see you.” Ahead of us a small group of kids, maybe half-a-dozen fourteen, fifteen, sixteen years olds, stood around a green pickup truck. I didn't bother trying to remember names. Except for Sally. How could I forget that sparkplug with the red hair—who was eyeing me as we approached the pickup. There was an odd, eager feeling among them, which put me a little off-balance. Something else, too…though I couldn’t quite catch what it was.
Steve said, “We've formed something like a little church group since you’ve been away. I have to admit we’re still trying to understand all the things he taught.” 
I didn’t respond because I finally realized what was odd. Everyone was wearing the same tee-shirt: sky-blue, with a headless stick figure on the front. In the head’s place were lines streaming outward like sunrays. Steve was wearing one, too. 
“Nice tee-shirts.”
“Yeah. Thanks. Sally designed them.”
As we walked towards the truck, Steve said, “Joe, we came because we wanted to ask you to join the group. We’d like your help. You’re the one who really knew him. You were his friend.”
I just nodded, and I remembered why I needed to apologize. “Steve, you know that day, what I did to you—the windshield?” 
He showed me his arm and traced a jagged brown seam. “One good scar, Joe, that was it. Forget about it. That was the worst day.” 
I started to feel a coldness growing in my gut.  “Yeah—is that my bike?”
Steve pointed to the motorcycle in the back of the truck. “Yep. We got it from your house. Thought you might want to drive it. It’s gassed and ready to go.”
“Nice.” I missed my bike.
Steve’s voice lowered, “Joe, did you get the recorder? No one found it afterwards. There were rumors. It was supposed to have his secrets.” 
I pretended not to hear him, and we reached the truck. 
Steve spoke louder, for everyone’s benefit, “But really, Joe, we want to welcome you back and hopefully you can help us. I think you’ll like the way we celebrate him and the things he taught. We’ll show you our little church. It’s just an abandoned old shed at Highland Park, but we’ve made up a kind of a service. We have a big picture of him which we put up. It’s the real deal… Then we can get some tacos and talk.”
Sally came over, her red hair shiny like an apple in the sun. “How you doin’ Joe? You look good.” She put a hand on mine. “Everyone’s been waiting for you.”
The kids who had been hanging around the truck took turns shaking my hand and patting my back. One buddy-smacked me in the arm. I nodded at each. What do you say to a bunch of people welcoming you after eight months in juvie? Especially people who until now…probably were afraid of you.
The last, a small brown-haired kid, said. “Can I ride with you?” He made it sound like it was a big thing.
I said, “Thanks, guys. Bring the cycle down and I’ll follow. Alone though. It’s been a few months and I might be shaky. It’s not as easy to control with a passenger.” There were some understanding nods and smiles. Then three of them lowered the bike to me and I straddled it. 
Standing a few feet away, Sally leaned into Steve’s ear, then climbed into the passenger’s side. Everyone else piled in back. Steve appeared disappointed, like he was expecting a bigger show from me. But I just sat there. He shrugged and said, “Okay, Joe, we’ll see you there.” As he opened the driver’s door, I wondered what Sally meant when she whispered: “Did you see the bright-eyes?” 
An icy spike inside of me twisted out the terror from the past. I remembered where she’d said the words—the grassy hill with dozens of teenagers sitting on the ground, listening spellbound to a small boy with brilliant eyes.  For a moment, a new kind of hero.  A strange messenger with a strange new message that inspired so many…and frightened others.  A flash of unstoppable images—bodies hurtling through the air, a frenzied melee of angry faces, a gentle face gazing up from my arms…something nasty poking out of it. 
The engine of the truck started.  I winced and gripped the handles of my bike, and wished Steve had never shown up. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 1
 
The Pimple-Kid, Answer Boy, Squealer they called him.
Runt that he was. Bookworm that he was. Therefore…he was.
His name to himself was victim. 
He was a teenager…a human being. 
He was afraid.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Monday mornings at Peyton Hill High School were usually slow motion downers. So it was almost good news when I got to my locker and someone passing by said, “Hey, Joe Maddy, they’re messin’ with Answer-Boy at the donut stand.” 
I didn’t say anything, just swore under my breath and hurried in that direction. The hallway was naturally crowded with the post weekend catch up and I had to push through them a like bull through bunnies. I’m 6’2 and about 200 pounds—a little bigger than most sixteen year olds. I turned left and there it was, right in front of the donut stand, no teachers present and a bunch of the school jocks kicking around Answer-Boy’s—I mean, Danny’s–stuff. 
Danny was on his hands and knees scrambling to pull all his books and papers together. It wasn’t working since four or five jock-types were shuffling them around with their feet like air hockey pucks. A larger group of kids was just standing there gawking. Several were laughing out loud, and taunting. “Answer-Boy.” “Hey, Answer-Boy.” “Mind your own business, squealer.” In the middle, sticking out a head taller than the rest, Tim Hanson seemed to be goading everyone on. Danny looked up. His face was blotchy with tears and anger. 
 “Back off!” I exploded, grabbing the nearest tormentor by the shirt and sweeping him out of the way. I jumped in the thick of it, Danny beneath me on all fours, and began shoving people back. Everything went razor for me, that good fighting feeling where the edges get sharp, and when I put my hand on Dave Holdstrum’s shoulder to pull him away from Danny, he spun around with a fist ready to fly. I appreciated the startled “Oops” look when he recognized my face, but dropped him anyway with a bloody nose. I was eager to pop a few more noses in the frenzy, but a couple of girls stepped in and began shouting, “Stop it, everyone!” “Stop it!” “Enough!”  
I stood where I was, hands half-raised still ready to slug, as the jocks and the other kids backed away. I recognized a couple of the shouters as cheerleaders—Michelle Connelly, Jen Wright, and another small red-haired girl whose name I didn’t know. Michelle was pulling on Tim Hanson, whose face and arms were twitching with anger. 
Now I’m talking about the Tim Hanson, Mr. Cool, the school’s high-throwing quarterback, top-scoring hockey player, and also last year’s state archery champion (which is less well known, possibly because some sneaky bastard swiped the trophy from the school display case). Add having a wealthy sporting goods store owner for a father, curly raven hair and a lantern jaw, plus a natural gift for being a loud mouthed jerk and getting away with it, and you had the one guy all the others wanted to be. So when Michelle got him calmed down and he raised his hands and said to the crowd with authority, “Okay everyone. That’s enough. This is out of hand. Everyone get to class,” well…everyone did.
“Who started it, Tim?” I asked, as he walked away with his jock buddies, Michelle still holding his arm.
At that moment the bell for first period rang. Tim gave me a defiant stare and called out, “Hey, Answer-Boy, I don’t cheat. So watch your lying mouth.” Michelle tugged him away with a frown and I could hear her voice get sharp, “Enough, Tim! We’re gonna talk about this.” 
Danny was still pulling his books together. The kid was a non-stop reader. And as far as I could tell he remembered everything. They didn’t call him Answer-Boy for nothing. “You, okay?” I asked. I bent down to help him. He had all the school texts of course, mathematics, biology, psychology, etc… He also carried a lot of extra books from the library including one by that scientist in the wheel chair and another called Brave New World by some guy, or girl, named Aldous. “You really need a backpack, you know?”
“Yeah, I know.” 
It was a dumb thing to say. He couldn’t afford one of those fancy bags which had become so popular at school this year. And using some lousy makeshift bag would just draw more attention to the fact that he couldn’t afford a real bag. Danny’s family was poor and lived in a tiny house in a crummy neighborhood. I knew that because I lived there too. His father was some kind of maintenance guy in a hospital, but at home he swore clean through the walls and drank a lot. His mother did odd jobs, took care of their baby girl, and didn’t swear or say much at all that I’d ever noticed. 
“You alright? Want to see the nurse?” 
“I’ll be okay.”
I patted out some of the wrinkles in his yellow Kmart short sleeve. “Good as new,” I announced. There was no help for his tattered jeans. You couldn’t make those old things any less shabby. Truth is, neither one of us had very nice clothes. Kmart shirts and Wal-Mart jeans, and fifteen dollar, on-sale tennis shoes
“I’ll walk you.”
“You’ll be late.”
“That’s okay. When they find out I leveled a couple people I’ll probably spend a day in detention anyway.”
“Hopefully, just a day, with your situation. And you only leveled one.” 
“And popped him good. Did you see that?”
We walked through the emptying halls and Danny suddenly began sniffling. I said, “You know, you can’t tell on people stealing answers from your tests. Especially cool people.”  
“I didn’t tell anyone. That stupid Tim Hanson was just so obvious looking over my desk, the teacher finally gave up and grabbed the test out of his hands. He thinks he can get away with anything.”
“Maybe he can,” I said. “But he’ll get his one day. Just stay close to me for now and you’ll be okay.” 
As we walked I pictured myself punching Tim’s head. My imagination is limited but I can handle that. I did it often. It was a face-off I viewed as inevitable. Tim, the top jock in the school with everything. Me, the top tough kid with nothing. We’d had a few hard-staring, pushing confrontations in the past—even when we’d played football together—but it had never gotten to a real fight. Still, like two fast-draw gun-slingers in one of those old cowboy movies…eventually we’d have to see who could kick whose ass.  
Danny and I stopped just outside the door to biology. He was one of those odd kids who gets turned on by learning, and I knew he liked biology so hopefully this would perk up his mood. “Hey, got a Conan for me? You know, in case I go to detention.”
He pulled out a used paperback from his back pocket. It had creases, but fortunately most of the cover art was clear—a glorious picture of the wild, black-haired barbarian standing on a mountain of bloody subhuman creatures he’d just creamed with an axe, and a slinky babe in a fur bikini at his side. I could look at the covers for hours. Danny always held my Conans for me to read in study hall, and sometimes classes. I tended to lose things like books outside of school, so he kept them for me and I gave them back to him at the end of day. It was a good system.
“If you do get into trouble and need someone to vouch for you, I can always turn on the faucets for Principal Steele,” he said pointing to his eyes with a grin. 
“Good deal. See you last period, man.” 
I did end up in detention, so I was glad I asked for the Conan. Dave Holdstrum had turned me in to Principal Steele and had a bloody nose and a beginning shiner to back up his story. I wasn’t too angry at him for telling on me. He was a wuss. Wusses tattle.  
Principal Steele started out pretty grim. “Joe, you’re still on last chance parole from last year and this is a clear violation. Now, what do you have to say for yourself?” 
I gave him a brief run down on the bullying that had provoked me into bashing Holdstrum. I asked at the end of it. “What would you have done?” 
He nodded and sighed, “Okay. You’ve been pretty quiet this year and I’ve already talked to a few other witnesses. I understand you were just protecting Danny Perkins, but I’m drawing the line at bloody noses.” He shook his finger. “No more of this, for any reason. Are we clear?” 
I said, “Clear.” 
He sent me out with one day’s detention.
I spent the rest of the day sitting in a corner in the admin waiting area. There was nothing to look at but the horned rimmed receptionist, Mrs. France, and two paintings of deer following their noses through a birch forest with a big square air vent between them. Whenever she glanced my way, Mrs. France frowned with a disapproving clicking sound. Not very friendly, but it didn’t bother me. I could smile because I knew behind her high counter and prim appearance she was sitting on a funny-looking donut pillow for people with hemorrhoids. I knew this from a day some weeks past when I’d discovered a trap door into the ceiling sir duct system in an old storage room and after a few hours crawling around found myself looking down from that very vent between the two deer pictures. That was a fun couple of hours—I didn’t even get in trouble since no one missed me in classes—and I had quite an adventure spying on different rooms behind the gratings. I wished I was in there now, sneaking around, making silent fun of Mrs. France’s butt problems.
The standard the detention routine I knew well from a year back when I was a practicing tough kid and beating up a lot of people. Sit still, be quiet. I opened Conan the Usurper and started reading a random page. “Khostral spread his great arms, and Conan, crouching beneath them, slashed at the giant’s belly with his broadsword. Then he bounded back, eyes blazing with surprise. There was a fleeting concussion, a fierce writhing and intertwining of limbs and bodies, and then Conan sprang clear, every limb quivering from the violence of his efforts…”
It was possible I’d read the story before. I couldn’t remember plots. It was the words and descriptions I got into. I’d read the action scenes over and over until I could see them in my head. As for what happened in the stories, they all took place in some ancient land that never existed and Conan was the greatest of all the heros—a barbarian, which I sort of imagined as the tough guys of the ancient world. Danny said I had some of Conan’s features from the book covers:  a square jaw and nose, thick cheek bones—although his eyes were the same clear blue as Danny’s and mine were just plain brown. In the course of any given story, Conan would knock off a dozen-or-so bad guys and monsters, maybe an evil wizard, usually cleaving them in two with a sword or an axe. The stories always included a lot of gory details and I tended to recall my own fights in the same language—in the middle of a brawl, for instance, Conan and I both reject the “civilized courtesies” and instead fight with “primordial speed” and “animal ferocity”. I admit, I liked to see myself as Conan. Strong, street smart, wild and unstoppable, with a rough code of honor. The long barbarian hair was cool too, and I grew my own brown hair to my shoulders so it looked rough and barbarian-like. Below the shoulders would have been sissy.
So the day dragged on. In the morning, Conan was fighting a clan of Minotaurs in an underground labyrinthine city (much like the air ducts). For lunch, I ate the apple I’d brought and drank some of the secretaries’ coffee. In between afternoon yawns, more Conan, this time stealing into a sorcerer’s castle to free a kidnapped princess. 
At 3:00, final bell rang and woke me up. I had fallen asleep head towards the ceiling. I glanced around embarrassed. Mrs. France said in a weary voice, “Don’t worry, Joe, you didn’t snore. Stay out of trouble now, will you?”
“I’ll try that,” I said, and ran out to catch Danny.
His last class, psychology, was almost empty by the time I got there. It’s the only class we shared so I knew exactly where to go. The halls were clearing—everyone was headed home or to the football field or to one of the near-by fast food joints. Taco Johns was the official cool-crowd hangout. I went there occasionally ‘cause I really like tacos, but never right after school. I don’t belong to a crowd.  I’m really more of a lone wolf.
In the psychology room, Mr. Tan and Danny were standing at the white board and Mr. Tan was drawing circles and arrows around the words, “Ego”, “Superego”, “Id”. He was tall, reedy, with wiry hair, and pretty young. Even if you ignored his lectures you could tell he enjoyed the whole teaching thing, not just going through the motions like a lot of them. He even had an advanced degree in psychology which he had gotten after his teaching degree, so you knew he was into the topic and not just spouting from some teacher’s answer book. As usual, Danny was asking questions and they were having some deep conversation. They did this a lot after class, because Danny likes to understand what makes people tick. Most teachers who gave a damn liked Danny because he seemed to appreciate what they taught and asked good questions. Mr. Tan gave him more attention than most. It must have been hard being a good teacher with a bunch of fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen year olds who mostly wanted to get out as soon as possible and go to a taco or burger joint. 
When Mr. Tan saw me come in, he said, “Hey, Joe, I missed you reading Conan the Barbarian today. Word is you were in detention for saving this guy’s bacon.” I think because I was his best student’s best friend, Mr. Tan was nice to me, despite my reading through his lectures. 
I just shrugged and, since it looked like they were finishing up, said to Danny, “Ready to go?”
He shrugged. “Sure.”
I handed him the Conan.
We only lived about five or six blocks away, and I wasn’t allowed to drive my motorcycle to school, so we always walked. When the monster magnet was built a few years ago to move over nine hundred kids from three separate high schools into one big building, the one thing they did for the poorer area was to locate within walking distance. The rest of the city had plenty of money so a lot of the kids had cars, and definitely all their parents did. I never understood why they lumped all the schools together.
About a block away we crossed the old stone bridge over Congdon Creek and Danny stopped to look down. I had been trying to cheer him up. I was telling in Conan-like detail my account of the ruckus from the morning: “And Joe’s fist blazed into the loser jock’s nose, like a…a Mack truck into silly putty. No wait, like a truck into a tomato, a giant tomato. Red goo all over the place. What do you think? Danny, come on!” 
He stayed silent, looking down into the river. It was smelly and full of liter—cast-away hamburger containers, plastic cups, and newspapers. Now and then you heard someone talk about a school cleanup project, but it was always voluntary so it never happened. Why pull garbage out of a river you’d probably gunk up again in a few months? I split my last few peanut M&Ms with Danny and then tossed the crumpled yellow wrapper into the water and watched it flutter back and forth in the current.
“You got all your books back, right?”
“Yeah.”
“No one else bothered you today?”
“No.”
“Good. Why are you so bummed out?” 
I worried about Danny when he got like this, gloomy and withdrawn. Especially when he stared too intensely into the river below, if you know what I mean. Not that you’d really get hurt if you threw yourself off the bridge. It was only about fifteen feet down and the water was slow, maybe a foot deep, and maybe ten feet wide. I just didn’t like that “what’s-the-point” gaze in his eyes, and it was becoming more frequent.
“What’s up?”
“Sometimes I get tired of it.”
“Of what? School? Who doesn’t get tired of school.”
“No, you know I don’t mind school. I’m tired of being scared.”
“Scared? Come on. Scared of what?”
“Everything. Never fitting in, no matter what I do. I’m tired of being picked on all the time. I almost never talk in class anymore, and kids still call me Answer-Boy.” (Answer-Boy was actually an improvement. They used to call him The Pimple Kid, like The Sundance Kid, because beneath his sandy hair was a serious pepperoni problem. Eventually I took care of the name calling, one day giving an exceptional and public beating to Stu Mechlin after he’d called Danny “pimple puppy” to his face. After that, people stopped saying it. I’d always considered Answer-Boy a compliment.) 
“Sorry to whine. I know Conan wouldn’t approve. Sometimes everything feels so bad that it just sort of bubbles over and I get…”
I never knew exactly how Danny became the school victim, the nerd everyone picked on. I knew he always had been, and that someone had to be according to the rules. It’s like how some people throw rocks at birds or step on ants, when they’re actually mad at other things. Birds and ants can hardly be a person’s enemy. But they’re convenient and puny. Like Danny. Even his parents took it out on him. I mean, he could even bring home his usual straight “A” report card and if something stupid like the phys-ed rating was only satisfactory they would yell at him, then they’d add on things like forgetting to make his bed, or maybe even criticize his pimples—imagine a parent being that nasty. Mostly, they’d carp about his “dubious” friend, meaning me. For a lot of reasons—a run-down house, crummy jobs, crummy lives, a new baby they hadn’t planned on—they probably weren’t the happiest people around.
I was stumped about what to do to make Danny feel better, as he stood there kicking the bridge. But what the hell—diversions always worked for me. “Hey. Let’s go to the amusement park tonight.” He looked at me with one eyebrow cocked. “Yeah. My treat. We’ll do all the fast rides and have some fun.” He said “okay” in not much more than a whisper.
A few blocks from the bridge we went our separate ways. Danny lived on Hawthorne Road and I was on Millway. It was the same general neighborhood but a couple blocks apart. I said I’d pick him up at 6:30. Then I kicked him in the butt for good measure adding, “And you know what, kiddo?”
“What?”
“I’m going to make sure you have a good time tonight, even if it kills you.”  
 
 
Chapter 2
 
Sometimes on a scary amusement park ride, you’ll enjoy a bizarre second where everything goes crystal and still, and you step out of time itself.  It’ll flutter in and out in an instant. That’s a genuine “I am more than the thoughts in my head” moment of truth. Now the head-based mind will automatically banish the experience as weird and inexplicable, perhaps some indigestion from that cold pizza you ate, like Scrooge’s underdone potato. Don’t let that happen. Instead, look deeper into those moments of stillness that don’t belong. If you succeed, something amazing will talk to you.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
I mentioned Danny’s house being run-down. My own house is crappy. I think crappy is worse because it means you don’t even care. Picture a dirty, disheveled two-story, with olive green paint peeling off the sides, rotten gutters, a broken upstairs window sealed by cardboard, and a couple old tires and other junk in the yard. A peek inside looked pretty much the same. A dining room, kitchen, and rec room down stairs, two bedrooms upstairs. The walls used to be white, but were yellow now. The furniture was old, moldy, and when you sat on the couch watching TV it was an awful temptation to tug the stuffing from holes in the faded green fabric. I don’t think there was even a TV with a remote until a few years ago. Fortunately, most of the houses on the street were crappy too, so it didn’t bother anyone. That included Dad. I could use the same word about him, the “c” word. I don’t want to though. He was a drunk, and a little hard to know. Lived on some government assistance for the most part, and spent most days drinking in seedy bars in our neighborhood like the Cozy or Hambones. When he wasn’t doing that, he was usually dozing on our couch with a bottle of scotch and the channel clicker. Sometimes he helped out at one of the bars for extra money, but mostly he didn’t.  
Usually I came home to an empty house. Dad never got home until 10 pm or thereabouts. I’d always made dinner and everything else on my own. Dad would give me a hundred every couple of weeks and I’d stock up on canned foods and other sandwich stuff that’s easy to make. And I drank a lot of coffee. Tonight I slopped a bowl of the Chef’s ravioli in the microwave, grabbed a cup of Maxwell House and crashed in front of Wheel of Fortune.
I woke up later to a clanking. It was the sound of a grocery bag full of booze hitting the kitchen counter. Dad’s cowbell. The kitchen clock said 6:15. 
“Hey, Dad. You’re early.” 
He was busy pouring a tall glass of brown booze. He bent down for a swig, bringing it a thumb’s length from the brim so he could pick it up. “There’s a game on the tube.” As an afterthought, he asked, “What are you doing this evening?” 
“Hanging out at the amusement park. Got any cash?”
Dad sat down on other side of the couch, rummaged through a couple pants pockets, found nothing, then put his hand inside his dirty, plaid sports jacket and extracted a twenty and nine ones. He yanked the bills back fast when I reached out, and said, “Wear your helmet.” 
“Yeah, yeah.“ I traded him the remote for the bills, grabbed my keys off of Tim Hanson’s state archery trophy which I kept in a cupboard, and picked the helmet off the floor holding it out so Dad could see. He bought me the helmet right after I got the cycle. He didn’t know, but I only put it on once in front of a mirror. Didn’t like the look. But I’m glad he sometimes asked me to wear it.
I roared up onto Danny’s yard a few minutes later. My Honda was the only thing I owned that I really took pride in. It took me almost two years to scrap up the money with odd jobs and occasionally selling things that didn’t belong to me—hubcaps and such—but now it was as much a part of me as a cowboy and his horse. Danny must have been waiting cause he walked out the door right away. Probably to avoid any lectures from his parents. They tolerated me—even if they didn’t like me—since Danny had no other friends. But before anyone could brow-beat me about my “hoodlum ways”, I threw him the helmet and he hopped on the back.
Now Danny knew I didn’t drive slow, but after a few minutes I found myself hollering back at him. “Hey, when I lean, you have to lean too.” 
“All right,” he yelled and began leaning more in sync. Which meant I could take even deeper swings on the bike, and that was more fun, for me.
After a couple miles of racing and swerving through the streets, I stopped by a small park in our neighborhood. It had about as much room as a tennis court though it was a triangle shape, with a single worn bench and a couple trees and raggedy bushes. I didn’t like the carnival until after dark when the lights came on, so we had a few minutes to kill.
“Let’s practice a little.” 
Danny got off, went to an open spot that was illuminated by a street light and carefully assumed the position. Legs apart, slightly bowed for balance, feet firm on the ground, torso twisted sideways to make a smaller hitting area. He crooked his hands just above his waist like I’d taught him. “I’ve been working on it,” he said, maybe a little bit cocky.
“Yeah, I’m sure you’re a regular Bruce Lee now.”
I had studied karate off and on for several years, mostly as a kid, eight, nine, or ten. I think I stopped when Mom split and Dad started drinking. Money for lessons dried up. But I kept practicing, borrowed books, watched training videos in the library, and occasionally worked out on other kids I didn’t like. I’d been training Danny on the basics for the last few months. It didn’t do much for me, but it was fun to teach and if anyone needed a little learning in self-defense, he was the guy.
“Okay,” I said. “Let’s get practical. Pretend like you’re holding your books and some jerk is trying to snatch them. Like this.” I lunged at his carrying arm.
He swung his opposite arm, pushing my hand out of the way and turned his body full into my space with his shoulder up to my chin, then followed with the other arm into my mid-chest. It was clunky. I could see him pausing from one movement to the next, trying to get it just right.
“Well, my granny could have stopped you at that speed. Geeze, you are slow. You know what I think your problem is? You think too much. Once you know the moves, let your body do it. It knows its job. That’s how I win fights. I don’t think period.”
“I know. You go razor. I need to go razor.”
“Oh, no you don’t. That’s my word. You need your own.”
“Like what?  Jello?”
“Naw, not yet. You’ll know it when you feel it. Suddenly you’ll see your body doing your fighting for you, and you’ll know what your word is. It’ll come to you. Keep practicing.”
We went back and forth practicing lunges, punches, blocks, snap-kicks to the knee and stomach. We did more combos, but more for me than for Danny, since he was naturally terrible at those. He’d gotten better with each practice, but in a real fight he’d definitely get himself stomped.
“Okay, I want to show you one more thing. Instead of blocking my punch to the side with your arm, try catching my hand straight on, like a base-ball. Don’t try to stop it. Just let it come forward and catch my wrist like this; then pull down and using my momentum against me—flip me. It’s cool if you can get it to work, cause if you do it right you probably won’t even hurt the person. Just land him on his butt.” 
We took turns with the new move. Of course, I knew he wouldn’t be able to do it this time around, but it’s a nifty maneuver and I wanted to practice it myself.
 “I just can’t get it to work all at once,” he said in despair.
“Give it time. We’ll just keep working on it until we get it right.”
He picked up the helmet. “Until I’m a regular Bruce Lee, I guess.”
“Damn right.”
It was full nightfall when we got to the carnival. The rides had started, the music was loud. The whole place was lit up with blinking lights and flashing colors. I loved amusement parks at night. The brightness, the energy, the screaming and laughing people. 
Danny handed me a five dollar bill, but I waved it off and pulled out the small wad Dad had given me. Twenty-nine bucks bought twelve tickets, for six rides apiece, with money left over for a couple cokes and a big bag of red licorice, because we both hated the black kind.
It wasn’t crowded yet, but there were people enough to bump into if you weren’t watching. As we walked to the roller coaster, we passed the Twirling Tulip ride and I noticed three familiar faces standing together in line. It was Michelle Connelly, Jen Wright, and the little red-head who’d helped to break it up when Danny’s books were getting kicked around. That aside, they were cheerleaders, cool crowd types—not my type and not Danny’s. So I veered away, steering Danny with me to avoid eye contact. I got maybe ten paces, when we heard our names being called. It was the red-head. This made no sense: I’d never talked to her in my life. But there she was, waving, and calling us like we’re pals. “Hey, Danny! Joe Maddy! Hey!” Danny pointed sheepishly to his chest. I smacked his hand down. The red-head yelled: “Yes, you, Danny Perkins! Joe Maddy. Come on.” Michelle Connelly and Jen Wright were also waving us over. It was odd, but when I’ve thought back on this scene I don’t see three girls calling us, but three bouncy hairdos, one long, blonde and strait; one curly brown; one red and wispy. Michelle, Jen, and—. 
I nudged Danny as we walked through the crowd, “Who’s the red?”
“Sally Dygert. She’s in my geometry class. Last year she had brown hair.”
 “You girls need something?” I asked, as we reached them.
 Yeah,” Sally Dygert said with a smile that was really charming. “We’re looking for a couple extra bodies to go on the ride. It spins faster that way.” 
“What do you say?” asked Jen.
Sally was the short sparkplug type, red hair dangling over freckles and a cute oval face. Jen was more of a volleyball candidate, probably 5’9” or 10”, just a couple inches shorter than me.
Michelle just nodded her head in agreement with her friends. She seemed a little more subdued. She was the school’s Popular Girl—with the silky long blonde hair, the soft blue eyes, perfect nose and lips, and a dancer’s physique. She was head cheerleader and a good student to boot. 
“Okay, we can do that,” I said. We stepped into the line behind the girls, Danny behind me. He was always extra shy with girls. I wasn’t, but I’d never had a girlfriend for anything more than a few weeks and none recently. Sally was immediately in front me of me, Jen and Michelle in front of her. 
Michelle turned around and asked, “You need any tickets?”
  “No, we got our own.” 
I might have raised an eyebrow, because she said: “Hey, I didn’t mean it that way. I just meant, well, we probably bought more than we needed, and—” 
“We’re okay,” I said. I hated it when people thought Danny and me need charity.
Michelle shrugged her shoulders. Sally chimed in behind me to Danny. “What’s your favorite ride?” She had a great smile, very natural and it kind of pulled you in. 
Danny paused to think, as if he were being asked who his favorite philosopher was. He was a serious kid by nature. I passed a glance at Sally and she smiled back. Danny said, “Well if it’s a hot day, the log ride. But at night I think the Ferris wheel is more fun because you can look over the whole city all lit up and brilliant.” 
She laughed. “Brilliant. Yeah. I agree. I wish you could stop it when it gets to the top and just look at everything for a few minutes. They should have thirty second pause buttons in the carriages.” Danny and Sally were discussing the pros and cons of different rides as well as Starburst candy versus M&Ms versus other candies until we got to the ticket guy at the end of the line. Michelle was in the front, but she wasn’t paying attention. She jumped when the guy said harshly, after probably the second or third time: “Hey, girl! Wake up!” Jen nudged Michelle forward and one by one we gave him our tickets and climbed the stairs to the ride platform.
As we walked over to an empty Tulip, I nudged Sally’s attention at Michelle and said softly, “What’s her deal? Problems with the boyfriend?” 
“Well, yeah, she always having trouble with Tim. But tonight…” She whispered, “We just came from the hospital to visit her aunt. She’s probably not coming out.” 
 “What’s wrong?” Danny said.
“Cancer.”
Danny said, “Oh.” 
I said, “That’s bad.” But that was it.
Once we were seated in the curved Tulip seats, Sally leaned sideways and cupped her mouth. “Don’t tell anyone, but I enjoyed watching you beat everyone up this morning. 
“I didn’t beat everyone up.”
“Well you knocked that Dave Holdstrum flat and that was pretty cute. He’s a weasel.”
“Yeah, he is a weasel. He put me in detention for a day though.” 
“Sorry about that,” she said. “I think he deserved the bloody nose.”
“I didn’t mind the detention. Gave me a chance to read.” 
She smiled kind of surprised. “Good deal.”
The Twirling Tulip was one of those old-fashioned spinning rides with a big round platform that swirled round and round and up and down like a dropped penny. In the center of each Tulip was a wheel you could grab with your friends from all sides and pull if you wanted to go faster. Not a guy ride by any stretch, but with a bunch of cheerleaders it seemed alright. While we waited for the other Tulips to fill up, Michelle leaned over the center wheel to Danny, “Hey, Danny, I’m really sorry what happened this morning. I thought it was really wrong what those guys did. I chewed Tim out afterwards. He’s going to apologize to you.” Danny shrugged his shoulders. She said distractedly, “Tim gets wound up pretty easy. Sometimes…sometimes bad.”
I thought this sounded lame. “Hey, your boyfriend is a real jerk. One of these days he’s not going to get off with an apology.” I enjoyed saying that, since it happened that I was probably the only person in school who could make that a genuine threat. 
But Danny said, “Drop it, Joe. If he apologizes and leaves me alone, that’s fine.”
I could tell he meant it. Also we were supposed to be having a good time. “All right. Sorry. I’m done.”
“Hey,” Jen asked, in a let’s-change-the-topic tone. “I’ve always been curious about what you and Mr. Tan chat about after class? What are you learning that the rest of us aren’t?” She had psychology with Danny and me. She seemed okay, but we had never talked or anything, not before now. Different crowds, you know.  
Danny looked surprised, then recovered and said. “Well, it’s actually stuff that’s not in the textbook. I read that the first couple weeks. I’m interested in how personalities develop, and how people decide they like things or don’t like things, like why some people like one kind of food and others don’t, even when everyone’s taste buds are biologically the same. I also wonder why…” 
Danny was going into professor mode. That’s what I called it. He just knew so much from his reading, and he got so excited about it all. When you mentioned one of his interests he could go on for hours, like a human encyclopedia. I always thought he’d make a great teacher some day, even though I personally only pretended to pay attention. I hoped Jen hadn’t asked just to make some chit-chat.
“He’s kind of a whiz, isn’t he?” Sally whispered to me. 
“Yeah, he’s got some big brain on him.”
It turned out that these swirl-around rides were great in mixed company. Everyone got bounced into each other this way and that, especially if you started spinning in one direction, then suddenly reversed it back the other way. It usually lead to some accidental touching and giggly “Oops, sorry” moments. I got into a few of those with Sally. We all laughed and had a good time. As we left the ride, Jen and Michelle were still chatting with Danny, asking him more about Mr. Tan’s class. He’d definitely put Michelle in a better mood. I started to think that maybe the cute in-crowd girls weren’t as stuck up as I’d thought…at least when they weren’t at school or hanging out with the rest of the cool bunch. I thought maybe this was who they really were. But then I thought it was safer to doubt it.
We went on a few more rides, like the Snake and the roller coaster and the Saw Mill. Then the girls voted for a trip to the Mansion of Horrors, which was just a walk-through thing with lots of twists and turns and people dressed up in cheapo monster outfits who leapt out at you and shrieked. I’d never been a ladies guy, and I didn’t even talk to girls from this crowd, but against my better instincts, I was starting to really enjoy Sally and accompanying her through a dark, frightening place seemed like a good choice.
Then a familiar voice shouted from across the crowd, “Michelle! Hey, Michelle! Wait up!” We looked out over the crowd and there was Tim Hanson with his buddies Frank Mitchell, Stan Kent, and Steve Kinney. I didn’t really know Frank or Stan. Steve I knew from the year before when we were linebacker mates together on the varsity football team before my probation. He was an okay guy. Kept more to himself. Not as arrogant as most of the guys in the Tim Hanson posse. All four were coming our way.
“Oh no,” Michelle said. “He better not be drunk.” 
Danny stiffened. I felt my jaw draw tight and my hands balled up, warming to a possible fight. I also found myself wondering whether Steve or Frank or Stan were linked to Sally in some boyfriend-girlfriend way. I didn’t keep informed on that gossip so I didn’t know. 
Tim and Steve were still wearing backpacks and I figured the whole group had probably spent the evening after school at the Taco Place before coming here. They did that sometimes, the kids with money; they’d go out for dinner on their own instead of going home. But I guessed they were still hungry because Steve was carrying a box full of sodas and candy. Michelle stepped forward and said, “Hey guys. Tim, tell me you haven’t been drinking.”
“No, Michelle, we haven’t.” (Tim was talking to Michelle, but he slipped some puzzled glances at me and Danny.) “We were just cruising around and Stan noticed Sally’s car in the parking lot. Figured we’d join you. What are you—?” 
Michelle said, “We’re just hanging out with Danny and Joe. Doing a few rides.”
Sally said, “Anything you want to say—Tim?” 
Tim shot Sally an annoyed expression, but then said to Michelle, “Okay, babe.  I was out of line this morning. You’re right.” He turned to Danny. “Hey, Answer-Boy.” Michelle scowled. “Danny, I mean. Danny. I’m really sorry about this morning. I know I have to apologize about what happened—“ 
“This is a waste,” I said stepping forward. 
This provoked a ready-to-tussle look from Frank and Stan, while Steve just looked awkward holding his box of snacks. But Tim held up his hands and said, “It’s okay, Joe. I know. There’s no excuse. I’m having some trouble with my grades—some teachers are really out to screw me—and…well, I snapped.  And I blamed it on Danny. It wasn’t his fault, and I was wrong. Michelle dressed me down pretty good. I’m sorry."
“He means it, Danny,” Michelle said.
I grumbled, “Yeah, right.”
Just then Tim grabbed the box of snacks out of Steve’s hands and held it out. “You know what? Why don’t you all take this stuff? And we’ll just go and let you have fun. Cool? Danny? Joe?”
Danny looked stunned. I wanted to knock the box in the air and start swinging, but Sally stepped between us and picked a soda out of the box. Michelle repeated, “He’s sorry.”  
Tim said, “I am man. It’ll never happen again”
Danny said, “Okay.”  
Naturally I made a big show of grabbing a Coke from the box (“Thanks, Tim, old buddy.”) and handing it to Danny, then picked some Skittles for myself (“These look real tasty.”) and gave out the rest of the stuff with a lot of theater to the girls. Tim’s boys didn’t do anything, but it certainly annoyed them. Maybe not Steve, so much. There was a nervous pause as everyone sipped their sodas.  
Danny said, “Well, how about that Mansion of Horrors?” 
Tim held up his hand. “Wait. One more thing.” He slipped out of his backpack like a show-off, took some books out, a cell phone, some other small things, and—shifting his back to us as he snuck a bottle into his shirt (I peeked over his shoulder)—handed the bag to Danny. “I want you to take this. I noticed you don’t have one and, man, you really got too much stuff not to. This one’s kind of nice.”
The girls agreed, and urged Danny to “Put it on.” “Put it on.” He did and they complimented him on how cool it looked.
It did, too. A shiny dark blue with lots of pockets and glowing yellow zippers. If there were museums for backpacks this would be on display. But I was getting pissed-off. “Yeah, you look super awesome. Now how about that Mansion?”
“Okay. Good,” Tim said. “Enjoy the rest of the evening.” I noticed him give Michelle a “good-enough-for-you?” glance, then he turned with Steve, Frank, and Stan towards the parking lot.
I was glad to see them go, eyeing them hard as they left. Michelle tapped my arm. “I know you don’t trust Tim right now. But he’s getting there. I know him better than he knows himself sometimes.”
I was about to argue, but Sally cut me off, pleading, “Haunted Mansion! Haunted Mansion!” 
Fifteen minutes later we all agreed that the “Mansion” was about the cheesiest scary house that ever existed, though it made for some pretty good laughs. Especially when the girls’ would go into fake screaming antics whenever a monster’s hand would reach out from some shadow. 
That’s how the rest of the evening went: roller coasters, water log rides, the octopus and the giant slide, laughter, lots of laughter, and snacks. It was close to eleven when we finally called it quits and walked to the parking lot. The girls had come in Sally’s car, but they followed us to my bike first. I straddled it and Danny jumped behind me with the helmet.
“You know that back pack really does look cool on you. Better than on Tim,” Sally said. 
“It’s nice” Michelle said.
 “Thanks,” Danny said, looking pretty pleased with himself. 
I said, “Hey girls, this was fun. And if we see you in school, don’t get nervous, I won’t say hi and embarrass you or anything.”
“Shut up,” Sally said. “I’ll be saying hi to you first, if anything.”
I started the motor, but Danny wasn’t holding tightly enough—maybe cause of the girls standing there—so I yanked his hands around me and shouted “Strong grip!” The girls waved as we shot off. 
Once we were a few blocks away I yelled back, “I hate Tim Hanson.”  
“But he gave me a backpack,” Danny shouted.
I turned around at a stop light and said, “I think we should hock that thing and buy another one more your style. It’s not your kind of cool. We’re cool, but not rich cool.”
I was serious, but he laughed. When the light turned green, I revved up fast and went into the usual swerving and veering routine. Danny was in high spirits behind me, laughing and shouting “Yoo-hoo!” We eventually entered the narrower streets of our neighborhood and as I came out of a crossing swerve, Danny got off a clipped “Yoo!” just as we slammed into a backing-up car. The collision must have made quite a noise, but I only remember a moment where I was dog-paddling in mid-air, just before careening into some grass hands first and rolling over and over like a bowling pin.
I just lay on the ground for a minute, feeling a soft lawn beneath me, and gasping. The world was swirling and for a second I didn’t even know who I was. I felt a sharp pain in my chest; maybe a cracked rib. I looked up slowly and found myself lying in someone’s front yard. A woman was leaping out of the car. She was shouting “Oh, my God. Don’t move. Oh, my God. I’m getting help.” She ran into the house, screaming, “Call an ambulance.”
I propped myself up on my right elbow. My left arm was numb and crooked. I couldn’t feel it, but the forearm was obviously snapped. I scanned around and saw Danny lying face up on the sidewalk about twenty feet away. I then remembered he’d been riding behind me. “Dan—” I coughed. He wasn’t moving. I struggled forward on three working limbs, trying to get a fix on him and calling out his name. It was a tough slog because my head felt like it had been hit with a brick and my vision was jittering back and forth.
Danny’s body was lifeless. He was on his back. His arms were flat to his sides as if he’d slid head first when he landed. A huge crack split the helmet down one side. It was seeping blood. The dark visor was down. I whispered, “Danny. I’m sorry. We’re getting help. Hold on.” I tried to push the visor over his face. It stuck. His open mouth was all I could see. I heard the woman behind me shouting “Don’t move. It’s important you don’t move. The ambulance is coming. Stay still.” She landed to her knees next to me and started clearing Danny’s mouth. Two other people were behind her. I tried to look up to their faces to say “Help him.” But then I passed out instead.
 
 
Chapter 3
 
We can be so picky about our physical comforts. Just think how a simple thing like a chair can suddenly become too hard during a long test and throw you into a frenzy of emotional opposition: Too hard! Annoying! Too itchy! Don’t like it! Can’t think! Too hot, too cold! Uncomfortable!!! For five seconds, just five seconds: DON’T THINK about it. Go into that space of headless, no-thought awareness. Be aware how much your opposition to a physical “what is”, is just a state of mind in your head. You see, even a cold, hard operating table can be comfortable, if your consciousness is bigger than your head. Or you’re dead.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
My memory gets sketchy at this point, but here are some flashbacks: 
First: Riding in an ambulance with a tube in my good arm…trying to figure out what the woman paramedic next to me was saying, but only hearing a slow-downed garble…noticing that my shirt had been cut off—“Damn!” —I didn’t have that many…looking around to find Danny and wondering if they’d forgotten to pick him up somehow…worried about my bike, and hoping no one would steal it. 
Then: Struggling to wake up inside a really white, clean room with spotlights shining down on me…a tall doctor, dark-skinned with a slick beard, and some nurses around the bed, all in nice white jackets like the room…the doctor telling me something in a soft Indian accent about “Being lucky, very lucky.” I liked the accent.
Then: Waking up normally, propped up in a hospital bed. From the sun, figuring it was late the next afternoon. Sticking out of the wall in front of my bed was a TV with an old episode of MASH on it, but no sound. Dad’s favorite show. Then I heard him chuckle. He was standing against the wall with an unlit cigarette in his mouth. He knew all the MASH episodes by heart so he could enjoy it even with the sound off.
 “How you feeling?” Dad’s face was stubbly, but he looked more awake than usual. Probably hadn’t been drinking for at least a day, which was amazing.
“Danny?”
“He’s in another room. You’re lucky. You’re injuries aren’t that bad. You’re gonna hurt for a while, but this is the only real damage,” he said tapping the cast on my arm.  
I stared back silent, and wondered how all this had happened. I lifted the cast. Fortunately it was my left hand and I’m right-handed, and it was just the forearm with a hand wrap, leaving the fingers free to move. It would be tough to cycle if I couldn’t grab the handle.
“No more motorcycling for a while. You understand?” 
“Sure.”
“Not that it would drive anyhow. You bashed it good.” Dad didn’t seem too shaken about the events, but I appreciated him showing up. In some ways, he had a pretty good life—no stress, no problems he couldn’t drink away… 
“What about Danny, Dad?”
“I don’t know, Joe. All I know is he’s in bad shape.”
I put my free hand over my eyes. Tears were beginning to form and even Dad wasn’t allowed to see that. I didn’t want to believe what I had done. I felt hollow, as if I’d destroyed the whole world.
 “I see you’re up,” an Indian accent said. I wiped my eyes. It was the doctor with the beard I remembered, standing over me. When he asked, I told him I was feeling sore all over, but basically alive. He explained in more detail everything Dad had told me about my condition. He added that “as you’d expect” I had a lot of bruising and lacerations, and some ligament trauma (which was doctor talk for being really beat up), but he said I’d be fine to go about my regular activities as long as I avoided strenuous stuff for a few weeks. They wanted to hold me through the night for observation since they didn’t need the bed immediately.
“What about Danny?”
The doctor looked at Dad, looked at me. “It’s impossible to know right now. He’s had a severe head trauma. We had him in surgery for eight hours last night and into the morning. We’re hoping for the best now. It’s a tricky business with brain trauma. You never really can tell what will happen.”
“So he’ll live,” I said, sighing. “I was afraid I’d killed him.” 
“You did.” 
“What?”
“He died on the operating table—while we were trying to relieve the pressure on his brain. His heart stopped. His brain functions shut down. That’s what dead is. It took thirteen minutes to get him back. Honestly, I thought he was lost. Not many people come back after that long. So you did, in fact, kill your friend.”  
 It took me a few seconds to take all this in. “What happens…now?”
“He’s in a coma. He should come out. But you never know and I can’t tell you when. Might be a day, maybe a week. Maybe longer. Sometimes it happens that people stay in a vegetative state permanently. They just lie in a bed forever hooked to intravenous feeds.”
“Oh, Jesus.”
  “I’m just saying, young man, be prepared. If and when he comes out, we don’t know how he’ll respond. Your friend may end up permanently damaged. There may be some physical problems, or perhaps more likely, mental.”
“Where is he? I want to see him.”
“No, not possible. His family is controlling visitation.”
“I can’t even look?”
He stared back. 
“I guess…I can’t blame them.” Thinking about it later, I couldn’t even blame the woman who’d backed up the car. How could she have known I would be speeding down the street like a maniac?
A nurse came in and she and the doctor did some minor tests, like blood pressure, examining some of the bigger cuts, checking my cast. By the time they left, the MASH episode had ended and some talk show with a bunch of women came on. Dad hated that stuff. “Thanks for coming Dad.”
“Sure boy. Here’s some money to get home tomorrow. Take a cab.” He handed me a twenty a little reluctantly. This was more drinking money. He’d already paid for the amusement park.
As he walked out I said, “Dad, where is his room?”
He turned, smiled. “One floor up. I don’t know the number.”
I nodded. He left.
I decided to wait until later in the evening. I watched some TV and took a few naps. The nurses brought some really good food. A full lunch and dinner and some ice cream in between. I don’t eat that well at home. Although I missed my Maxwell House cause the coffee was weak. At about 11 pm, I slipped out of bed in my hospital jammies and, limping and wincing all the way, crept down the hall and up a stairwell to the next floor. There the nurse behind the big counter caught me. When I told her who I was and what had happened, she brought me to Danny’s window. My room didn’t have a window; but then they probably needed to keep a constant watch on Danny. 
My heart nearly fell out of my chest. His little body was raised slightly. There were all kinds of tubes going in him, and a monitor was blinking by his side. His head was almost completely wrapped in bandages, with a tube sticking out of his nose. His arms looked okay, still scrawny and white. But his face—through the hole in the bandages—was so bruised and pulped that it looked like the goop at the bottom of a fast food dumpster. I could see his chest pumping with short unnatural jerks. That was his only sign of life. 
The rest of the night I cried in my room, and took a taxi home the next morning.
 
 
Chapter 4
 
Wonder is everything. It’s not the opposite of understanding. It is understanding—the recognition of each moment as a brand new creation in our consciousness. It’s the awe that obliterates the false contained me, and lets heavenly me step out. Our God-given power of amazement, I call it. And to see with that ever-burning amazement: that simply, is our practice…and the entry to the heavenly dimensions. 
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
A week into his coma, Danny’s parents still wouldn’t let me see him. I never actually talked to them, but the nurse had me on a list. Still, I would stop by every day and sit outside the room for a few minutes before his parents came in the evening. Then I got some unexpected help. As it turned out, Michelle’s sick Aunt Polly who had cancer was staying in this same hospital. When Michelle asked if she could visit Danny with me, I told her I wasn’t allowed and why. She took it on herself to talk to Mr. and Mrs. Perkins, and they changed their mind. Michelle had that “young, responsible” girl image that impressed adults. One stipulation: I could see Danny, but never with family around. They gave Michelle the times when they would be there to make sure our schedules didn’t cross.
So almost every day after school Michelle and I would hurry to the hospital and visit her Aunt Polly and Danny together. Michelle missed a lot of her cheerleading practices, but Sally took on her captain duties when she was gone in the afternoon and on other days they held practice early in the morning before school so Michelle wouldn’t miss too much. You had to admire the way these cheerleaders stuck up for each other. Tim never came along. But then he had football in the afternoons, and he was the star quarterback. 
Aunt Polly was in the hospital to die. Michelle explained that the cancer had grown into all the organs of her body and there was no way to cut it out anymore. All the doctors could do was pump her with drugs to keep the pain down and make her comfortable. Generally, Michelle would just sit next to Aunt Polly and hold her hand while I stayed invisible in a corner. Aunt Polly looked like what you’d imagine a person dying of cancer would—skin and bones, a face the color of a rain cloud, desperate eyes. I would just stay a minute, then leave to visit Danny. Michelle would always mouth a silent “thank you” to me as I left.
In Danny’s room, books from the school library were piling up in a corner. I had been reading different topics aloud to him to see if anything would spark his interest and help him wake up. The doctor said that people in comas can be aware of what’s going on around them, even if they can’t show it, so you have to talk to them as if they were fully awake. I read books on astronomy, psychology (trying to sound passionate about that stuff, which isn’t easy), newsy magazines from the hospital lobby. Also, Conan. I would even act out some of the action scenes with a sword—actually a reshaped hospital hanger—to see if I could make him laugh, at least on the inside. 
Michelle would always stop by after seeing her aunt. Sally came a few times too, sometimes driving me and Michelle to the hospital in a shiny red car that matched her hair. In Danny’s room, they would talk to him; take turns reading some of the books; tease him about how unstylish his bandages looked; chide him for not waking up already because they wanted to go back to the amusement park and visit the Monster House. 
Mr. Tan stopped by once. I remember he did something really classy. He put his hand on Danny’s forehead and said, “Come on out when you’re ready, young man. We’re waiting and we miss you.” That was day nine into the coma.
On day twelve, it finally happened. It was a little after 5:30 pm. I was ten minutes into reading an article on bear hunting in Alaska. One minute I was reading to a blank face with eyes closed. The next minute I looked up and his eyes were open and one arm was propped up in front of his face. His pointer finger was moving slowly up and down. He was staring at it. 
 “You’re awake.” I stammered.
His head turned slightly, he smiled, and then turned back to his finger. 
I waited a few moments and then said, “Danny? Buddy?”
He held his hand to show me his moving finger with a big smile on his face that said, “Amazing!” 
I laughed. I figured for a person coming out of a coma after two weeks, just bending a finger might be a miracle. “Good,” I said, as if he was a two-year old.
He lifted up his other hand and looked at them together. I slipped out of the room to tell the nurse, who immediately fetched the doctor and called Danny’s parents to give them the news, which made me wish I’d waited. I took one more look at Danny. He just kept gazing at his amazing hands, even when the doctor and nurse came in and tried talking to him. After some tests, the doctor came out in the hall where I was watching and told me not to worry, this was all a good sign and recovery doesn’t happen all at one. But he also told me not to uncross my fingers yet, because you couldn’t predict these things.
The next day I couldn’t see Danny because I had to pick up Dad at Hambone’s bar where he’d collapsed in the bathroom. He wasn’t sick or anything. He was dead drunk. It was only a few blocks from our house, so me and ol’ Jerry Brunner, the grizzled Vietnam vet owner, who’d become sort of a family friend over the years serving Dad, poured some coffee into him and I guided him as he staggered home. 
Michelle called my house that evening to give me an update: Danny still wasn’t talking, but he was improving. She thought that he recognized her when she came into the room, because he gave her a nod. Then he pointed at things for her—a plant, the TV, a lamp—smiling at each as if he were showing her a brand new star. According to the doctor, the fact that he was able to stay awake for a full hour at a time was progress.  
When I arrived the next day, I stopped at Danny’s observation window for a few minutes. His head was shifting around in the same jerky way that birds’ do. He would stare for a few seconds at a picture on the wall, then at the chair, then at his hand again, lifting up the edge of his blanket and then letting it drop. Then he’d look sort of nowhere, or at the ceiling, and then out the window. You could tell he found all this pretty entertaining.
I said from the front of the bed. “So, someone’s back from the dead.”
His eyes fixed on mine. At first I wasn’t even sure I heard his tiny voice say the words, “How’s the bike?”
I leaned in and said, “Say that again, buddy?”  
“How’s the bike, Joe?” 
It was loud and clear. And I started laughing. “Little buddy, your first words! I was beginning to wonder if you’d ever speak again?”
 “How long have I—?”
“Almost two weeks.” His eyes widened, with amusement. “Most of time you were totally unconscious. You actually died for a while, you know that?”
 “Yeah, I think I get that. I died for a while. That’s what happened.” 
“Yeah,” I said, excited, but not about to alert the nurse or the doctor yet. I’d learned my lesson last time when they had instantly contacted Danny’s parents and forced me to leave. “The doctors brought you back. I think you were on the operating table for ten hours. You’re going to be okay now, though, now that you’re talking. And when you’re ready, we’ll get you up and moving. You’ll be good as new.”
“I remember. It’s coming back…in pieces.” He smiled as if something really good that he’d forgotten had popped into his mind.
“You mean, the accident?” 
“The accident? I mean…being dead.”
“Let’s not talk about that. Anyways it was just for a few minutes, five maybe, or ten.” 
“I don’t think the minutes matter.”
I didn’t understand that, but I was smiling up a storm, with the good turn of events.
“How are you?” he asked, pointing to the cast then up to my scarred face.
“Couldn’t be better. Broken wrist—who cares? You’re the big project now. We’re gonna work on getting you out of here. We’ll get you healthy and strong. You can go back to all your books. We’ll go on rides again, maybe with Michelle and her friends. They’ve all been visiting, you know. Of course, there’s going back to school—which sucks—but all in all, everything is gonna get back to normal.”
“Books? School?” he said. “I don’t know right now. Maybe it’s not worth all the tizzy I’ve been putting myself through.”
“What? Holy cow! That’s great. I’ve always thought that. You’re a worrier. You wind yourself up too much about that stuff.”
“Joe, things look a little different now. And I’m just getting used to it. But, you’re right, everything is going to be okay.” He smiled for a moment, then said, “Tell me, how’s your bike? I remember…a crash?”
“Well?” My stomach knotted. This would have to be the moment of truth. I had been trying all this time not to think about what I’d done, but now, this whole terrible mess had to be—“Little buddy, this was all my fault. After we left the girls at the amusement park, I was driving like a lunatic, the way I do, swerving back and forth, showing off. I didn’t see the car backing up, and…Danny, this is just plain all my fault. I got us into the crash. I did this to you. I’ll understand if you don’t want to hang out anymore.” It all came out in a blast, and I wondered if I’d even made sense to someone groggy from a two-week coma.
He patted the side of the bed and I scrunched forward. He touched the scar that ran down my cheek. “That’s a good one. It’ll make a good Conan scar.”
My voice cracked, “Thanks.”
“The motorcycle accident? That’s really okay. Sometimes bad things can turn out to be good things. And you still haven’t told me—how’s the damn bike?”
I choked, because Danny never swore. “The front end is totaled. I’ve got a shop working on it, but it going to take a while before we go riding again. Do you want to go riding again?”
 “You know it. I’d like to drive it myself sometime.”
“I’ll teach you to pop wheelies.”
He poked his head up to look at the mirror opposite the bed. He turned to see the side where his skull had been cracked open. The hair was growing back, but it wasn’t filled in yet, and if you looked you could still see the purple scar and stitches starting just behind the temple and riding over the side. “That’s a sight. I guess it could have been worse. But my face looks better somehow, I think. Have I forgotten what I looked like?”
“Hey, you know what it is? Your zits are gone!” I hadn’t seen it before—I’d forgotten—but his pizza face was now clean as a white kitchen floor.
He was touching his smooth skin in the mirror. “Doesn’t feel like me anymore. It should be oily and bumpy. A new me. I like this!”
“Danny, I think you found a cure for zits.”
“Motorcycle accidents?”
“Comas. Knock yourself out for a few weeks. No junk food. A steady intravenous diet. Wake up zit free!”
“Well, no one’s going to buy that,” he said.
We continued talking for a while about school and his parents, his other visitors—Michelle visiting her sick aunt, Sally, Mr. Tan—and more about getting my bike repaired. He cracked up at the stack of books I had been reading. “I didn’t hear a thing,” he said. “But thanks for trying. Hope you got something out of it.” We both chuckled. He knew I only liked Conan. 
When it was getting on 6:00 pm, about thirty minutes before his parents were due, I got ready to leave. Before I walked out the door I paused and apologized for the crash again. 
“Look,” he said.“You’re my best friend. My only friend, really. The crash doesn’t matter. They call them accidents for a reason. No one intends them. I almost… This will sound weird, but I almost want to thank you.”
“Danny, don’t talk crazy.”
“Don’t ask me to explain. Not yet. My inside is adjusting…to the outside. It’s still new in here. Does that sound strange?” 
“Little buddy, you just got out of a big time coma. If you were talking nothing but baby babble, I’d say you sounded just fine.” Though I found myself briefly considering what the doctor had said about not knowing how he would come out of the coma, physically or mentally. But as Danny laughed to himself, it seemed not to matter. 
I did notice something different about Danny’s laugh. Before it had always been nervous and uncertain, like he wasn’t quite sure he was supposed to be laughing. Now, out of nowhere, it was calm and easy, a little deeper, and in some odd way, above it all, like a wise old adult, like Mr. Tan might laugh at something juvenile. I was glad I could recognize the difference, and wondered if terrible accidents made people wiser.
 
 
Chapter 5
 
This afternoon Michelle stuck an iPod in my ear and played me an old song by someone from the 80s named Stevie Nicks. I’m not good at picking out lyrics, but they were something like—
‘Maybe I’m just thinkin’ that the rooms are all on fire
Every time when you walk in the room
There is magic all around you, if I do say so myself
I have known this much longer than I’ve known you…’
Michelle said that Aunt Polly told her it had always been her favorite song—and now, it was how she felt after I’d changed her. 
Michelle wanted some kind of explanation to that. But I could only say. “That’s a pretty catchy tune.” 
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Michelle and Sally came with me the next day and gave Danny hugs. Sally ran her finger down the length of his head scar, and he giggled a little. “It’s hardly noticeable with your hair growing back,” she said. “And look at this!” She spread the tips of fingers across his checks. “Wow. Your checks are fairer than mine now.” She laughed and he looked a little embarrassed at her teasing. “You really look good!”
Danny was happy to see them and seemed to get livelier as they sat on the edges of the bed and talked to him about staying in the hospital—was the food tasty and could he order seconds (in case they got hungry too); what TV he watched during the day (“You don’t like Oprah?”); of course, how long he would have to stay. They went on to some of the things happening at school, such as (Sally informed gleefully) Tim losing his third football game in a row due to interceptions; Sally getting a C minus in math on her latest report card (less gleefully); and did Danny want to go back to the amusement park when he felt better (Sally suggested we bring our own monster costumes so we could mix with the other monsters).  
They even got him to stand up for the first time, and bit by bit he began walking around the room, initially with someone’s arm around him, then by grabbing bed posts and chairs to keep steady. Danny was all lit up like I’ve never seen before. Pretty girls, chatter, and perfume will certainly do that to you.
His physical movements—jerky of course because of the injuries—had changed slightly too. It took me a few days to come up with a way to describe it, but it was as if he were somehow standing outside his own body, like a puppet master, observing it, appreciating each footstep and arm movement like a cool slow motion scene from a karate flick. And pretty much everything made him laugh. At the time, I guessed it was just the newness of getting out the coma. 
At one point, Sally stepped back to whisper, “He’s so playful.” 
It was true, but I was also getting annoyed. “Let’s see what’s on TV.”
Danny sat back down on the bed. I had already taken a chair and was flipping through the channels. Sally perched herself on my chair arm, poking me when I came to a channel she liked, poking me a little harder when I would keep flipping. I heard Michelle sigh as she stood at the window.
Danny said, “How’s your aunt?”
“Aunt Polly? Oh no. I don’t want to bring people down,” she said. “We’re here to celebrate your getting well.”
“I understand. But you really look upset. How is she?”
Michelle shuddered before letting out through dribbling tears—“Well, she’s in and out of consciousness. She’s on a lot of drugs because of the pain. When she’s awake and the drugs are working, she dopey and not really aware what’s happening. When she’s not dopey, she cries a lot and says she afraid and doesn’t want to die.  I’m trying to help, but she doesn’t seem to want it. You ask her if she wants a mile high pepperoni—that’s her favorite pizza—and she says, “I’m dying’. Ask if we can contact any old friends from around home or her flight attendant friends from the airline? She says, “I’m dying’. Can I bring Snoopy, Aunt Polly? And she loves that stupid poodle of hers. Nope: ‘I’m dying.’ I don’t know what to say to her any more. And what do you say to a person who is dying?” Her head sank. “I can’t take it.”
Danny put a hand on her shoulder as she sat on the edge of the bed. “You’re a good niece. It must be hard to comfort someone who believes everything they’ve ever known is being taken away…even if it’s not.”
Michelle gave him a teary smile, “You know what she’s really interested in? I’ve been telling Aunt Polly and my mom all about you, all about the accident and your recovery…how the doctors brought you back from—you, know, on the operating table and all that.”
“Oh.” 
“She’s wants hope.”
Danny said, “Ouch.” 
“What do you mean, ouch?”
Danny glanced at Michelle, then tossed a pillow at me to get my attention. “Joe, can you get a wheel chair? Michelle, I’d like to see her. Can I see her?”
She gave him an odd expression.
“Would that be okay?” he asked. “Maybe…maybe I can help.”
Sally interrupted gently, “Danny, is this because of what happened to you on the operating table?”
 “Hey, guys, can we talk about something a little less spooky?” I said, but they ignored me.
Danny said. “I know it sounds strange, but maybe I can give her—well, not hope. That’s useless. But maybe…an insight?” He closed his eyes in concentration. “Yeah—let’s go see her.”
Michelle said, “Well…okay. My mom is with her now. But if she’s awake, and you really want to.”
I borrowed a wheelchair from the nurses and pushed Danny to the elevator with the girls. When we got there Michelle’s mother was sitting quietly on one side of Aunt Polly’s bed with an open Bible in her lap. A nurse with brown bunned-up hair sat on the other side. Aunt Polly looked the same as I had seen before. It was hard to imagine how that toothpick body could support all the tubes and wires. We walked in and Michelle introduced Danny. 
Mrs. Connelly said, “I’m so glad you’re recovering,” and she leaned down and hugged him. “Michelle has told us all about you. How are you feeling?” She was a prim looking, plumper version of Michelle. I always liked to notice how features carry over from parents to kids. Sometimes there aren’t any, like Danny looked nothing like his father or mother. 
Danny said to her, “I’m much better, Mrs. Connelly. Thanks.” The nurse got up to leave us, but Danny turned to her and said, “Wait a minute. You were there in the operating room. You were one of the…you helped bring me back. Thank you.”
“You know?” Her eyes squinted. “You’re…welcome. But, honestly, I think it was more a miracle than anything we did.” 
“I wouldn’t be here without you. Thank you.” Then he almost whispered. “I didn’t recognize you at first. You hair was so blonde then—of course, this brown is a good color too.”
Her face went askew, thoughtful, and she said, as if she and Danny were sharing secrets, “I like the brown better myself.” She patted his shoulder and with a small wave to Aunt Polly, and left us to the room, after casting one quick glance back at Danny.
Aunt Polly said weakly, “So you’re Michelle’s little friend? You’re the boy who was in the accident, and then a coma.  But now you’re doing well.”
“Yes,” he said. For what seemed like a long time, he simply sat by her side. Her face was so gaunt her eyes bulged; it reminded me of those World War II prisoners from a documentary we’d watched in history class. Her eyes were those same dark holes.  
Michelle sat next to her mother, Sally by her side. I leaned against the open doorway. Aunt Polly’s head lifted towards Danny. They became opposite profiles—one peering down bright and vivid, one looking up stony and gray. Occasionally her breathing went into fits, with sharp painful noises. Danny never budged. He stayed calm, waiting for each fit to subside. His gaze deepened—as if he was searching for something. They remained this way for a while, silent. “Can I ask?” Aunt Polly finally said. “Michelle said you died for a while.” 
“Go ahead.” 
“I’m frightened,” she whispered. 
Danny said, “Yes.” 
 “I’m really dying, you know.”
“Yes.”
Her face was puzzled. She repeated, “And I’m frightened.”
“Yes.”
His voice was so matter-of-fact, I wondered why he wasn’t cutting poor Aunt Polly some slack. I also noticed Mrs. Connelly’s brows knitting, guessed she must have been thinking the same thing. 
But then Aunt Polly’s whole expression changed. A faint smile surfaced and her eyes lost some of the sadness.
“Okay, then,” she said. And continued, “The cancer, they found it here.” She moved a hand to her stomach, took a deep breath. “That was three months ago. They got some of it out, but not all. And if you don’t get all of it, it spreads. Now it’s everywhere, and they say it’s too late. They can’t do anything anymore.”
Danny nodded. 
She hesitated. “Can you tell me anything? Did you see…anything?”
“Sort of.” 
She sighed. “I feel so alone. I have visitors, but no one to talk to, you know? And it wouldn’t matter anyway. How can any of them understand losing everything? To them—they’re just watching a sad movie. I’ll bet they’re even hearing sappy violin music in their heads.” It seemed like Aunt Polly and Danny had a bubble over them, and Michelle and Sally, Mrs. Connelly, and I were on the outside. 
She said to Danny in a hushed voice, with a tiny head shake to Mrs. Connelly, “And she keeps reading me her Bible. Ugh! Like that will help somehow. Like happy words make a difference. And you know what, if she were lying here instead of me—Bible, no Bible, all of her faith—she’d be scared as hell.”
Mrs. Connelly startled. Aunt Polly didn’t seem to realize—or didn’t care—that we could hear every word.
“And it’s not that I don’t want to believe. Really deep down I want to believe something. I wish I could—but I used to really believe in Santa Claus. Look where that gets you…” 
I exchanged a glance with Sally—her eyes went back and forth from me to Danny and Aunt Polly and back to me, as if to say, Are you seeing this?
“You have to believe, they say. Have faith. And I’m asking: Why? How? Because you’re telling me to, you’re giving me an order? I’m not a child. I don’t have time for…faith. I need something I can feel, touch. No more words… Danny, my reality is becoming as basic as it gets now: I…am…dying. I want truth. Forty-one, that’s all I am. That’s all I’ll get… And I’m fed up with the BS everyone is giving me.” She broke down crying. 
Danny waited, while she eased down enough to sob the words, “Sorry.” She smiled. “So…what’s the verdict? Do we go to heaven? Anything like that? When this lousy body finally fails—am I more than that? Am I?”
 And then Danny opened up: “Oh, you are much, much more. Bodies are—.” He raised his own arm a second like a foreign object in his gaze. “Bodies have nothing to do with who we are…even if it feels like that’s all we are. I’ll tell you: bodies are born; and bodies die.” He picked up a tissue from the bed, tossed it into the air, watched it float down out of sight over the bed. “Bodies are flimsy things. Things come and go. But you can sense deep down—I know you can—you’re not that thing called body. And you don’t…come and go. Not like that.” I was surprised when Aunt Polly’s eyes really brightened.  Mrs. Connelly—who’d been looking very discouraged up to now—she began to smile herself.
Aunt Polly said, gesturing to her torso,“So when this thing goes…do I get to go to heaven?”
“Yes.”
She beamed.
“And, no.”
She frowned.
Carefully, testing the words as he spoke, he said, “There is a heaven. But it’s not a place, not like we think of places. You don’t go there on some golden stairway. You just…you wake up, and know that you’re already part of it.”
She said hopefully, “Can you describe it? What will I see?”
“You want a picture? Like it has these trees, and beautiful music, and it smells like strawberries and vanilla, and the landscape is filled with flowers and lollypops and swing sets, and everyone wears…” He chuckled. “That’s not the way it works. That’s the faith again promising you something…something you know isn’t quite real.”
“So I won’t see beautiful things?”
“You won’t have eyes to begin with. But you will have the heavenly sense—and that’s everything and much more, all at once. Seeing, hearing, touching—those are pathetic in comparison.” His eyes rolled back for a second, then he said in an electric voice, “You see, anything that can exist does exist, in Heaven. And anything that can’t exist—heaven has that too. And you will be part of that, knowing it. You’ll sense perfection. You’ll be perfection. And it’s beautiful. But, of course, it’s not describe-able.”
Aunt Polly got calm and I could see the thinking in her eyes. Then she said, “I’m still really scared.”
“You’re still hoping. Trying to see something to hold onto. That’s the trap. Another idea, another thought to help you escape. That’s just…entertainment. It blocks really knowing. You have to drop those thoughts now, all of them. If you can just do it for a second…if you really want the truth.”
She sighed. “Well, my thoughts definitely aren’t helping. They’re awful.”
“I’ll bet they are. Let’s let go of those awful thoughts for a minute, and feel a little bit of truth and a little bit of Heaven, right now. I know this for certain, Aunt Polly: Heaven is inside us, waiting, like a sleeping butterfly. And it wants you to wake it up, so it can fly.”
Mrs. Connelly placed her hand on the cover of her Bible, and half-asked, “The way you’re talking…doesn’t Jesus say that…the kingdom of Heaven is within?”
Aunt Polly rolled her eyes away from Mrs. Connelly to Danny, her expression saying, See what I mean?
 Danny’s hand lifted as a friendly Shhh and he turned to Mrs. Connelly. “That’s perfect. He did say that, didn’t he? In those words, he told us: Look inside. Thank you, Mrs. Connelly.” He said to Aunt Polly with a playful glance. “Want a preview?” 
“You can show me?” 
“I can point. But it’s a place inside where you normally can’t look…not until you’re ready to pass clean through everything else, all fear, and all hope. Are you ready to let go?”
Aunt Polly’s body relaxed into a Yes, and Danny looked around to the rest of us. He didn’t need to say anything. “Let’s step out for a minute,” Michelle’s mother said. “We’ll leave you two alone for a while.” 
As we left the room, Michelle’s mother told us she had to go to an appointment, but asked to us to have Danny stay as long as he could. “I’ve never seen her so calm before,” she said. “I think it was a good idea to bring him. He’s got something. I don’t know what exactly, but…” She paused for a second like she was trying to put her finger on what the something was, but nothing came, and she just said goodbye, casually handing Michelle a bunch of bills in case we wanted any snacks.
Michelle and Sally and I walked down the hall to find a vending machine and get some coffee. Sally said, “Something amazing is going on in there.” 
Michelle was deep in thought. She whispered to herself, “A preview?” She must have been as confused as I was.
 “Do you guys have any idea what those two are talking about?” I asked.
“Don’t you?” Sally said.
“It’s crazy talk.”
“No, Joe! Don’t you get it? Something really happened to him. Wherever we go when we die, he’s been there. Or seen it…or something.” 
“Oh,” I put on a face like I understood. But it was beyond me. And to be honest, more than anything, I was anxious for Danny to get out, get healthy, maybe go back to the amusement park, fix the bike and —. No more crazy swerving through. Not right away.
Sally was watching me. “You’re hopeless, Joe. You should stop being so dense and try to see that something special has happened to Danny.” 
 “Listen,” I said, “all I see is my little buddy getting back to normal after a bad accident. That’s all I care about and all I want to think about.” We bickered back and forth for a while, friendly bickering, but Sally had her point of view—that Danny had had some kind of vision or inspiration and we needed to understand it. And I had mine—very basic: everything was gonna return to status quo, Danny would stop staring at everything like it glowed in the dark, we’d go back to school, he’d get picked on again and I’d ram someone into a locker for it, so on and so forth, back to the way it was all supposed to be. 
“Would you two shut up for a minute,” Michelle snapped. “Something is happening in there. I agree. Danny has changed somehow. I think we’ve all noticed that. And it’s a good thing, Joe. Can’t you see how he’s helping Polly.” 
We all shut up then, and settled into pacing the halls, and sipped our coffees. Michelle wanted to give Danny and Aunt Polly the time to talk. But every time Michelle looked away, Sally nudged me in the ribs a few times to let me know she was right. 
We gave it about an hour before finally returning. As we entered the corridor the nurse who’d been with Aunt Polly before stepped out of a room and looked at us as if she wanted to say something. 
“What’s up?” I asked.
She said, hesitantly, “I don’t know if I should tell you this, but I’ve been thinking about what he said to me back there. I’ve never met Danny—he’s not on my floor—except, for that evening in the operating room. And it’s true: I was blonde then—for two days. I colored it at home the day before. Made me look like a Q-Tip. Awful! So I washed it out a day later—the day after he died in the operating room. That was the only time he could have seen the blonde hair. Do you understand? The whole time he was unconscious or clinically dead. So how…? You hear about these NDE things, but…” She shook her head.
Michelle said, “Thanks… I’m glad you told us.”
“We’re not supposed to talk about these things. It’s one of those controversial topics.” Michelle and Sally nodded as if they understood, but I didn’t. NDE? If I’d heard it right. “Take care of your friend. I’m glad he’s doing so well,” she said. She walked away and Sally and Michelle looked at each other, but not at me.
“There’s an explanation,” I said. “Don’t get spooky about this. There is some easy explanation we just don’t know about. What’s N-D-E?”
Simultaneously Michelle said “Shut up!” and Sally, “Idiot!”
 “Sorry, Joe,” Michelle apologized immediately. “Let’s all of us shut up about it for now.” She was visibly upset, so I shut up.
Outside the room again we heard Danny and Aunt Polly laughing. Michelle wanted to wait though, out of sight, because apparently Aunt Polly hadn’t laughed in a long time.
“So that’s how it is,” we heard Aunt Polly say. “Am I out of my mind?” She was giggling. 
“You’re in a higher mind,” Danny said. “The mind that lives in heaven…your heavenly mind.”
“And everything’s been inside this whole time. I can feel everything’s being taken care of. I always thought everything was on the outside. Against me. Out of control. But inside and outside—it’s the same.” She chuckled. 
“It’s obvious now, isn’t it. You just need to see it once.”
Sounding like she was talking to herself, Aunt Polly said, “It’s so quiet and beautiful, and floating—everything is floating…in peacefulness.”  
“Yes.”
 “And it shimmers! I can’t believe how it shimmers. Like the room is made of some beautiful, heavenly fire.”
Danny just chuckled.
Suddenly she said with a startled loudness, “My head! What happened to my head? It feels like it’s disappeared. Danny, isn’t it weird to see that way? Isn’t that strange? The little creature who lives in my head, my whole head—has vanished.” 
Outside, we were all looking at each other with puzzled expressions. I was pointing to my own head and mouthing the words, “No head?” Sally and Michelle shrugged.
Aunt Polly said, “They’re out there listening, you know.”
“I know.”
“Come on in,” Aunt Polly raised her voice.
We entered slowly and Aunt Polly lay there, smiling.  
Michelle said, “Aunt Polly, we heard you laugh. It sounded so nice. What shimmers?” 
“All of it!” She gazed around the room like a vast glorious sight, the way you’d look at the Grand Canyon for the first time, I figured. A lot like Danny after he woke up from the coma. And you couldn’t miss it—her eyes had changed. They were no longer black prisoner-of-war eyes. They were shiny. “Oh my, kids. It’s all so simple. We’re so much bigger than the stuff that happens, even stuff like…dying.” Her eyes shifted back and forth trying to recall something. She stopped and whispered to Michelle, “Don’t complicate your life too much, darling. There’s no reason. It’s all much simpler than we think.”
Aunt Polly eased back into her pillow, softly laughing to herself.
Danny got up. I rushed him into the wheel chair, because I really wanted to get out of there. 
Michelle said, “Are you going to be okay if we go now, Aunt Polly? Do you need Danny to stay longer?”
 “That’s okay, Baby,” Aunt Polly said. “I know where he is.”
 “Aunt Polly, Danny’s going home soon. You won’t exactly be able visit him.” Michelle sounded concerned.
“Oh, that’s not what I mean, girl. You kids go. I’ll be fine. I’ll go to sleep in a little while.”
“Well, he’ll promise to visit every day then. Right, Danny?” 
Aunt Polly said, “Don’t push it, sweet heart. I feel much better now. Danny needs to do his own thing. Of course, if you want to visit now and then, Danny, that would be nice.” She winked at him and closed her eyes for sleep. 
Sally joined me in wheeling Danny back to his room. She held one handle, and I held the other. Danny seemed a little drained to me—some of his own shimmer was gone—and we right away packed him into bed. His eyes were already beginning to sag, but before we left, I said, “Hey, what happened in there?”
He yawned like a sleepy cat, and said simply “She got a peek.” 
“Of what?” Michelle wondered out loud. 
But as he drifted off, I nudged the girls out the door, and I don’t think they even heard a faint voice from behind whisper, “My mind.”
 
 
Chapter 6
 
Aunt Polly taught me this: Any human being can tap their heavenly source while still in human form. She acknowledged the ultimate crises of physical obliteration and passed through the imaginary I-point in the head to the truth on the other side. But it doesn’t require the final crisis. Wait that long and you’ve still got a mostly wasted life. And you needn’t go through what I did—it isn’t necessary and I wouldn’t recommend it. So think on this! You and me (We!) can re-learn our essential immortality—experience it, and express it! Right now—in this finite form. That’s Heavenly Mind. And the practice to that knowledge—bless you, Aunt Polly—I believe I’ll call…headlessness. 
Now, let’s see how they receive it.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Even though he was eventually able to leave the hospital, Danny couldn’t go back to school right away. He needed time to recuperate at home. He called me to tell me he was fine and would be coming to school the next Monday morning. He also told me not to visit since his parents still didn’t want to see my face. I’m definitely not a phone person so that was all we talked. I offered to bring him some library books. He said he was okay without them for now. I know I made a loud “Huh?” noise when I heard that. This was not Danny the Answer-Boy I remembered, and he said something like he’d said at the hospital about not needing the reading so much anymore…that he was enjoying just seeing things, whatever that could possibly mean. Leastwise, he was getting back on his feet. 
I had found a local garage that would fix my motorcycle for a couple hundred bucks. It wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be, but I had nowhere near that much money. So I started pulling some extra hours after school and on weekends back at Dad’s favorite bar, Hambone’s. Ol’ Steve the owner, always wearing that ragged and patched army shirt of his, had me set to work mopping the floors, cleaning up the kitchen—a grimy, smelly hole I couldn’t believe any health inspector had ever seen—and painting some storage rooms in the basement. Sometimes the work would take me out in front of the bar and I’d see Dad hunched over, always with a beer bottle and an empty shot glass. Resting on little ledges behind the bar, all the booze bottles looked like a choir. He’d sit there in front of them. Sometimes he noticed me, not always, but when he did he nodded. 
I missed Monday, Tuesday and then Wednesday morning at school that week, so I could put in some extra hours at the bar. Dad approved of my working, so he had no problem writing notes explaining my “illnesses”. And I was pleasantly surprised when one evening, Sally called the house and asked if I was okay, since she hadn’t seen me in school at all. She said, “Sometimes I worry you’ll get into some real trouble, and get yourself thrown in prison or maybe even killed in a fight. You still have quite a rep, you know.” I liked hearing that, all of it. I told her the truth about skipping school to make some money to fix my bike. She asked if I could possibly learn to drive safely, so she could ride on the back sometime. I said, “I’ll even teach you how to drive. You’ll be my next student after Danny.” To which she said, “Well, I don’t know if I’m ready to drive yet, but…” We chatted easily for a few more minutes before hanging up, and I felt pretty good about it, you know, considering I’m a non-phone kind of guy. 
During the days I attended school, I didn’t see or talk to Michelle about anything since Danny’s visit with Aunt Polly. I wasn’t avoiding her. We just didn’t mix in the same groups and had different classes. But Tim Hanson I did see a few times. Wednesday afternoon in biology class he asked me how Danny was coming along. He didn’t seem overjoyed when I told him Danny was recovering, but at least he said, “Good”, and for a single extraordinary moment Tim was not a total jerk. But by the next day, that was already changing; something was bugging him. He kept looking back over his shoulder at me, and each time his face showed more agitatation. I ignored it. I didn’t care. I was content to daydream, grab snippets of Conan, and wait for Danny to come back. I got out of Thursday class without further incident.
Then Friday, after the bell rang and everyone crowded out the door to lunch, I got a rough shove from behind. I turned and there was Tim. He was fuming. 
 “You gotta a problem?” I said.
“Yeah, I guess I do. Let’s talk.”
I stared at him. Tim and I met eye to eye in height, a head taller than the other kids, who were now backing away as they sensed a collision coming.
“Talk?” I said, lifting a fist suggestively.
“Talk,” he emphasized. “Just talk.” He looked at the broadening circle of kids, expecting a fight. “Bathroom, okay?”
I followed him into the boys room. Someone was in there taking a wiz. He must have noticed the bad mood Tim and I brought with us, and he ran out.
“What’s up? You’ve been getting hotter and hotter,” I said. “You want to say something?’
“Yeah. What the hell is going on between your little freak pal and Michelle?” 
That was far and away the last thing I expected to hear, and I laughed. “What? What are you talking about? They got to know each other in the hospital when she was visiting her Aunt Polly. You know, Aunt Polly?” 
“Listen. All she talks about now is how special he’s become, how deep and in-touch-with-God he is. How he’s been to heaven and back. Give me a break!”
“You’re exaggerating.”
“I’m not. Last night I stopped at her house and she was on the phone with him: ‘Aunt Polly says this, and Aunt Polly says that. And: Please tell me, Danny. What happened in there?’ She wouldn’t get off! She made me wait. Right in front of her! Prattling all that nonsense. And then, when she was finished, she decided she didn’t want to go out after all. Even though I’d stood there the whole time waiting!”
I hadn’t been sure initially, but with his last ramble I could definitely smell the vodka. “What proof is your perfume, Tim?”
“Screw you!”
I said, “Look, I don’t know anything about this. But maybe you should give your girlfriend a little break. You know, her aunt is dying.” 
He said almost downcast, “We were supposed to go to the new Spiderman.”
“Look,” I said, “Danny is coming back to school on Monday and you better leave him alone. Things will get back to normal soon enough. You’ll play football. Michelle will do her cheerleading. You’ll take her out on fancy dates. She’ll forget all about this Danny stuff. Everything will go back to the way it was. In the meantime—back off!” By now I was feeling some pre-fight tingles, and not just because of Tim. All this time, I’d been waiting for the return of the old routine, with Danny as my sidekick. Now he’s doing this heaven-boy thing—and worse, he was doing it with the school’s Popular Girl! 
Tim leveled a finger at me. “You tell Danny to drop this little attention-getting game. He’s full of crap, and I’m on to him.” Tim pitched his voice in a mocking whine like Michelle, “Tell me, Danny. Tell me. Tell me…” 
At this moment, Mr. Tan walked into the bathroom. If he hadn’t, punches would have started to fly. “Hey guys, what’s up? Tim, I just saw Coach Stevens. He’s looking for you.”
“What about?”
“Got me? Maybe it has something to do with you being the quarterback, and there’s a game tomorrow? And you’ve lost three in a row? Anyway he wants to see you before lunch hour’s over. So scoot!”
Tim grumbled okay and walked out. He paused in the doorway and gave me a final dirty look. “By the way, Sally Dygert? She’s slumming your dumb ass. She told me herself. She’s getting kicks teasing some chump from the loser side of town. And she’s laughing her ass off at you. As if!” 
“Tim, get out!” Mr. Tan shouted, and Tim spun away, snickering.
I stood there, attempting to calm my breathing. 
Mr. Tan said, “Joe, he’s a trouble-maker. Don’t let him bother you.”
“I’m fine.”
“Actually, Joe, I was looking for you just now. Got a minute?”  
“Maybe.”
“I hear Danny’s coming back pretty soon. How is he?”
“Fine. He’ll be back Monday.” I was still boiling with anger. 
“Michelle tells me he had a genuine NDE experience.”
“Not that again. What is it?”
“An NDE? It means near-death-experience. I just assumed you knew. It’s when someone is technically dead, just briefly, but afterwards they remember the experience. It’s an area of research I’m curious about and—”
 “A what? Near-death-experience?” I was fed up. “Mr. Tan, I don’t understand any of this. Michelle has funny ideas about Danny’s accident, but she’s overboard. If you want, he’ll be back on Monday. Then he can answer all your fancy questions.” As I stormed out, I heard him say “Sorry, Joe.”
Later that evening, I called Sally on her cell phone to ask her on a date when my bike got fixed in a couple days. She said she couldn’t go on a date. And she sounded embarrassed. She wouldn’t even tell me why. I asked, and she didn’t have another boyfriend. She just couldn’t. So…cold water in my stupid face. Tim had been telling the truth. She was playing me. I was a fool. Before hanging up, Sally also said, “Sorry, Joe.”
 
 
Chapter 7
 
You see, as teens, we live in a sort of gap—a special in-between state of unconditioned mind. The child’s world of fantasy slipping away; the adult serious-world not yet hardening our senses and our access to the deeper truths. This gap in our lives, is the gap of opportunity in our still unconditioned minds. We can experience, before it’s too late, who we really are—our formless, forever, heavenly selves. We can carry that powerful knowing with always us in whatever we do or whatever happens.  We can live, play, win, lose fully…and fearlessly. 
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
When Monday came and I got to school I heard that a crowd was gathering around Danny near the gym. My first thought was that Tim Hanson and his boys were picking on him again. I burned through the hallways to get there. 
But something else was going on. Danny was surrounded, but not by the usual tormentors. This time it was half a dozen girls. Some of Michelle’s friends I think, though Michelle and Sally weren’t there; but then I knew they had their morning cheerleading practices. It was perfectly peaceful, yet there was an excitement about it. Michelle must have been telling her Danny story to more than just Tim. I hung back a bit. Some of the girls were pressing in, chatting away all at once so that I couldn’t make out the words, that is, until one girl asked very loudly, “Did you really mind meld with Michelle’s Aunt?” 
Up to that point, Danny had been smiling, but the mind-meld question definitely cracked him up. You would have thought the girls were spinning him around bodily, but it was really just Danny turning to each of their questions. I didn’t like it, this strange attention he was getting. And I sort of wished they were teasing him, and that they were guys, so I could bust a few heads.
“And it didn’t hurt?” one girl asked.
“You didn’t feel sad or alone?”asked another.
Finally he just held his hands up and said, “Imagine this. Imagine falling out of a plane and your parachute doesn’t open. You’re falling, falling, falling. And you know you’re going hit the ground, that’s it. You’ll be dead. And then you hit the ground. And you don’t die. You don’t go splat. In fact, it doesn’t hurt at all, and you stand up fine and dandy. Imagine how lucky and alive you would feel. What a miracle to be alive. And how beautiful would the world be in that moment?” As they wanted more, he said, “Sorry. That’s…” And he just shook his head with a helpless grin. 
The bell rang at that point and everyone began shuffling to class. I grabbed Danny by the arm—he was just sort of standing there—and pulled him along with me. I asked him what was going on.
“They just wanted to know what it was like.”
“What?”
“Dying,” he said, laughing to himself.
“By falling out of a plane?”
“I told them something they might understand. I had to tell them something.” 
 “That’s sick. Stay away from those weirdoes, and don’t talk about that stuff. Really, what do you know about jumping out of a plane?”  
“Don’t get all lathered up. It’ll probably all go away now.” He was still shaking with laughter. I figured he liked the attention from the girls.
The morning didn’t start off well. At one point, in third period astronomy, I noticed the space in front of my desk grow dark and I looked up to see Mr. Trembly, the teacher, standing right in front of me. He said crossly, “Mr. Maddy, did you hear what I just said?” My sour, “Not especially” was not what he was looking for and he moved me to the front. After that I listened with an attentive look—I think he was discussing the speed of light—while I pictured what it might be like to fall out of a plane, hit the ground, and walk away. I decided it would feel pretty good. 
At lunch I went looking for Danny but couldn’t find him anywhere in school. Across the cafeteria floor, I saw Sally sitting eating with some friends. She waved her hand shyly in my direction. I approached rapidly, like I was going to greet her, but halted short at another table to get an apple from Barry Nichols—a kid I’d beat up way back in fourth grade but who still was a grateful contributor to my lunches. I patted his back as if to thank him and noted the frown on Sally’s face as I headed out to the school stadium to have my snack and watch football drills from under the bleachers. 
Just the year before I had been a member of the team, with a chance to be the “best linebacker in the region if you apply yourself” according to coach Stevens. “You’re big, you’re fast as hell, and there’s no reason you can’t go all the way.” I’m not sure what “all the way” meant, and Dad thought they were just jerking me around. But I was having some problems at home at the time anyway and didn’t apply myself to much except beating people up, tossing food in the cafeteria, making smart-aleck remarks to teachers, and getting a long string of Ds. This was when I almost got kicked out of school, but Principal Steele took some pity because of my home situation and instead put me on probation with a promise not to get into anymore fights. On the other hand, he did kick me off the football team. Coach wasn’t happy, but it didn’t bother me much. Practices were exhausting, two a day in August, and the no-equipment lunch drills prior to games. I didn’t really have any friends on the team, except my linebacker mate, Steve Kinney. Everyone else had real families and wore clothes that weren’t ripped or unwashed and I felt out of place in the hallways hanging with the “Have-It-All” crowd. To be honest, I was almost glad when I was off the team and no longer had to try. I still liked the game though, which was why I occasionally watched the lunch time drills from under the bleachers. 
The football players were practicing their formations at quarter-speed in their street clothes. They did this on their own to get the timing on any new audibles right before upcoming games. I was listening to Tim’s voice calling out the familiar , “Ten forty-eight. Ten forty-eight. Hut, hut, hut”, when a pair of slender legs in black pumps and another pair of skinny, faded jeans in worn-out tennis shoes passed down the bleacher in front of me. Through the slit I couldn’t see above the knees, but the tennis shoes were familiar and the voices I knew for certain. It was Danny and Michelle. I followed underneath as they walked to an out-of-the-way corner nook in the brick stadium, where you’d barely be able to see the practice on the field. The pumps turned directly to the tennis shoes, “I’m sorry about what happened this morning. I didn’t know anyone was going to ambush you like that. I’m afraid I’ve shared some of the things that you’ve done for Aunt Polly.”
“I don’t mind. Joe thinks it’s getting a little weird.” Danny chuckled.
Michelle spoke, sounding impatient, “Danny, are you ready yet? And don’t give me any silliness about falling out of planes. I heard about that. You know a lot more. What really happened to you, and what’s going to…what’s happening to Aunt Polly? I know you can tell me something. Aunt Polly won’t, or cant. She just says everything is all right now, and I should relax. But I’ve seen too much, Danny. You’ve changed her. Please don’t keep me out of this.”
The sounds of the football players on the opposite side of the football field had dimmed to near silence. Danny said, “Michelle, I’m not sure I can tell you what happened to me…not in words, alone.” 
“I promise I won’t tell anyone if that’s what you want,” Michelle said. I was thinking it would be hard to deny a determined Miss Connelly pretty much anything.
Danny said, “No matter how I try to translate it into nouns and verbs, it comes out sounding like a Disneyland ride or a Harry Potter book. That’s wrong, and dangerous. You can’t reduce Heaven to words. They’re too tiny; you speak them and the meaning stops. A word spoken in Heaven would go on to infinity.”
“Danny, if you’ll just try, I’ll do my best to—“
“Soooooo, this is what we’ll do. I will give you the best description in words I can. But I don’t want you to ever share it. It’s too…people won’t understand.” 
“I promise.”
“But, one more thing. I can’t leave you with just a story.  Not when the truth really is available, right now. So when the story’s done, I want you to explore with me. I want you to get the same taste Aunt Polly has…to get a feeling of it, beyond the words.”
“How?”
“I have an experiment. It’s something I’ve been thinking about since Aunt Polly. I’m calling it…headlessness. It might be fun.”
“Danny, I’ll try whatever you ask me to.” 
“Good. Now close your eyes, cup them in your palms. Make it dark. Settle in. No thinking. No mental pictures. Let go of all your mind. Listen.”
I didn’t palm my eyes or let go of my mind. But this is what I heard. 
 
 
Chapter 8
 
People call me Danny, but they’re mistaken. That name no longer fits me. It’s just a placeholder for some flesh and bones and a collection of memories that, when I was crazy, I used to think was the real me. In truth, I am invisible; and that gives me freedom. In truth, I am unlimited, location-less; and simply being excites me more than anything. I am pure awareness—Heavenly Mind; and nothing can mess with that. I know who I really am. 
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
 “The beginning is obvious,” Danny said softly. “I never felt the crash that killed me. One moment I was hugging Joe’s jacket on the back of the bike, still excited about the evening we’d spent with you and Jen and Sally, thinking my new backpack was pretty cool, and just plain laughing in the wind…then—
  “Bang!
“No sound, no feeling of movement—but suddenly I’m in a completely new world, hanging between ground and sky, my arms and legs stretching out, looking down on the world. Time stopped. Everything became crystal and 3D…and totally still. In that second, I could see every detail—I saw the motorcycle twisted over the front end of the car; through the windshield I saw the startled face of a woman, mouth open in a scream; I saw Joe’s body flying in a bundle ahead of me, about to flatten a thousand blades of grass, and his hands were clawing at the air trying to right himself.” Danny laughed here, while I winced below. “And of course, the street curb, where I knew I was going to land, like a pillow you’d put your head on—only made of cement.” He chuckled softly.
“In that pause, that perfect pause, I had a perfect thought. A knowing.”
“What?” 
“Cover your eyes.”
“Sorry.” 
Danny said, “My body is not who I am.” I pictured the smile I heard in his voice.
“You weren’t scared?”
“Not at all. I could see my body flying to it’s destruction, but it wasn’t a problem anymore. All I knew was a, ‘Well, so that’s how this contraption finally ends up, what do you know? Wonder what comes next?’ Then someone hit the restart button, and I smashed into the curb, helmet first. Blackness.” 
 Danny paused and I remembered my own experience when I was hurtling through the air. It was just a panicky jumble, and I definitely didn’t have any frozen moments of crystal-like vision. Just one streaming thought, “Sheeeiiiit!” 
“The next thing, I was awake again, super awake, with the same perfect vision of everything around me. I found myself looking from above, but this time without eyes. I was a tiny god. Below me was an operating room—a big metal table with busy doctors and nurses around it; a mangled body on the table; machines on the sides with flickering lights, one that was making a single long beep.”
“Oh,” Michelle gasped.
“Really. One of the doctors was pumping the body’s chest with those electric paddles. The other doctor was using a tool to pry open the head, which was swollen like a big purple basketball. It was unrecognizable. Except it was mine. And I knew that without shock. I actually felt embarrassed—I wanted to tell them, ‘Hey, don’t worry about it. Don’t get all worked up and sweaty. I don’t need it anymore. Forget using that big needle. I’m not even there. Ignore that beep. I’m fine.”
Michelle said, “You were dead?”
“No,” Danny replied in a mysterious tone, “my body was dead.”
“If you weren’t a body…what were you?”
“Floating awareness, floating awe—that’s not quite true. It’s all I can come up with.”
“Okay, floating awareness. I’m almost floating inside my own head now. But I understand. It’s a metaphor. Keep going.”
“One nurse stepped back from the table. She mopped her brow with a small towel and it pulled a sliver of almost white blonde hair out of her cap. She stuck a hand inside a pocket and I could tell she was clenching something. I focused inside the pocket and saw she was squeezing a—”
“You could see inside her pocket?” Michelle said.
“Yes—but not like you’re thinking. I opened my awareness to her pocket. I didn’t move to it, because I wasn’t in any real place. It wasn’t x-ray vision either. I simply had the curiosity and it unfolded to me—like seeing, but much more. She was squeezing a small statue of the Virgin Mary and I heard her little prayer, “Please God, help us. Let us bring this one back.” 
“And then I was above it again. I thought, I don’t really need this anymore, and a question came to me from nowhere: Ready to let go? And I had the thought—which was a trigger, and an understanding—I AM.
“Total recognition. That was it. Everything exploded around me. The physical world splintered away like bits of glass as I shot through it, everywhere, like a Big Bang. Faintly I heard what I figured would be my last contact with the world—a doctor’s shout: “Keep trying!” Then silence, and it was all left behind.”
He paused for a minute and Michelle sounded concerned, “Danny, is everything okay?”
I heard him take a deep breath. “I need to feel this part from inside.  I’m out of parallels now. The only way I can get this out is to re-feel it. These are the things not of this world. Cover your eyes, Michelle.”
“Okay. You’re doing fine, Danny.”
“That’s what you think.”
This is where I started having problems understanding, now that he was telling about “things not of this world.” There was nothing solid I could picture anymore, not like a scene out of Conan. Danny emphasized his expanding—“expanding, expanding, expanding”—beyond the body (naturally), but also beyond the story of Danny; and shedding all the little bits of nagging personal history (like his father hitting him at the dinner table, or when I first met him in the neighborhood and gave him and snuggy, and later apologized with a candy bar), all of which just floated away as if to say, “That wasn’t such a big deal, was it?” But it was not a forgetting, he told Michelle; it was a cleansing. He explained about some new sense that replaced the old physical senses, and there wasn’t the tunnel that Michelle asked about, because there wasn’t any inside or outside, or any other dimensions for that matter. (Huh?) And light? Nope, he told Michelle, not light, but some sort of really big “brightness” that didn’t cast shadows and that wouldn’t make you squint (of course, if I understood this right, he didn’t have eyes anyways). And then lots of energy, and more brightness, and some larger-than-human love that knows no opposite and can never hate (not like my kind), and then he said something about “flowing into Heaven, as Heaven flowed into me.”
Through the slits, I saw Tim separating from the other football players and walking to a spot where he could look straight at Danny and Michelle in their half-hidden corner. His hands went to his hips—then he started to approach. Danny and Michelle apparently hadn’t noticed because they just continued talking. I thought of ways I could slide up fast in case Tim came up the bleachers. 
Suddenly Danny laughed hard. “No, you really can’t imagine. I was teasing.”
“Danny! Well, then what happened?”
 “It spoke. But not with words.”
“It?”
“Heaven. All of it. It filled me up with an understanding: ‘Far enough…time to return …you have seen yourself…you are changed…your blessing.’ Then the brightness closed up and everything slipped back—through the tunnel with no sides, back into all the memories, sort of. Back to the body, sort of. And I slept until I was ready. Then I woke up to see Joe reading a magazine.”
Tim reached the bottom of the bleachers.  “Michelle! What are you doing up there?” 
Even from twenty rows down on the field, I could see his forehead in knots. “Did you come to watch or what? You can’t see anything from there.” 
Michelle yelled back, “We’re not watching, Tim. We’re talking. Go back to practice.”
Tim said, “I hope you’re not jabbering about all that heavenly crap.” 
Michelle said firmly, “Tim, go back to your practice. We are just talking.”
He stared for a second, then snapped around with a “to-hell-with-you” wave. I kept my eye on him all the way back to his teammates.
Danny said, “I guess he likes your attention.” 
“He thinks I spend too much time with you. He might be a little jealous… Danny, what was the blessing?”
“It’s all still a part of me, Michelle. Or I’m a part of it. My mind is still in the heavenly dimension. As we’re talking, right here, right now, that knowing is alive inside me. Working through this human body, it’s who I am.”
There was the smallest gasp from Michelle. 
He said, “But the point of it is—so are you. You just don’t know how to see it. So are all of us. So, let’s fix that. We have twenty minutes.”
“This is the experiment?”
“Umm, hmm. Ready?”
If I could have left then, I would have. This would have been the place to do it. It was a whole lot to absorb even if you weren’t really listening. Once I asked Danny if going to Heaven was like going to China for a day and coming back with slanty eyes. He said it would be more like going to China for a day and then coming back speaking Chinese. Now that he had described the trip, I guessed he was going to teach Michelle the Chinese language.
 
 
Chapter 9
 
The “Adjustment Period”: Even in the coma, there was awareness of the old Danny as a shattered Humpty Dumpty. Pieces of memory, bits of personality, old beliefs: all chasing each other, getting nowhere. Assembly impossible. Just vast heavenly consciousness with all the unconnected story-stuff swirling through it. No pattern, no rhyme. No Danny. All the king’s horses and all the king’s men couldn’t put the old lie back together again. And so No-Danny subtly shifted to Heavenly-Danny, wearing a disguise: A human body, to experience the pleasure and the pain of the physical. A human mind, to enjoy the highs and lows of thought and feeling. And the pure heavenly awareness that I really am, supporting it all, wide open to whatever it brings. This will be a good day!
Eyes open. There’s Joe! There’s a finger! Danny’s finger! And it moves. Space! Fast and slow. Time! Wow. I’d almost forgotten how interesting I made this.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
“Imagine you have no head!” 
And that’s how it started—how Danny changed Michelle. (And later many others.)
“What?”
“Imagine you have no head. Chop it off. Dissolve it in your imagination.” 
“How? What?”
“This is the experiment. We’re shifting from Head Mind to Heavenly Mind.”
“Did you do this with Aunt Polly?”
“I don’t know if I did anything. Aunt Polly found her own glimpse of Heavenly Mind, but she showed me a possibility. When you brought me to Aunt Polly, she was already exhausted with her own mind, all the head energies were spent and she was ready to give it all up. She just needed to finally, totally accept her own disintegration. When she did, that opened her. You can I can’t do that. We need help to explore the way to Heavenly Mind. I call it headlessness.”
“I don’t quite get—”
“Try this: Try seeing from the back of your head, or with your whole head. What happens to the way you see?”
“Okay, now I’m feeling it. It expands. It’s strange. I understand why you call it headlessness.”
“Now simply feel that space where your head used to be; feel how open it is. Relax into that space. Don’t focus on anything in particular. Don’t make it a mental exercise and say to yourself ‘I have no head, I have no head.’ Just see with this floating aware sense. Drop words. Drop thoughts. Drop your own little histories. Drop your whole sense of “I am Michelle”. Those are just the add-ons of your Head Mind; they’re temporary, and we’re looking for the mind that isn’t temporary. You are Seeing itself now—and nothing else—seeing, seeing, seeing.”
After a few minutes, Michelle said, “It’s like looking out of a fish tank.”
“That makes sense. Fish tanks have walls, though. Do you have walls?”
 “I don’t know. No. It doesn’t. This fish tank holds everything. No boundaries? Is that right?”
“Trust your sensations, what it actually feels like. You’ll know. But no boundaries sounds real. So, now, you’re just awareness stretching out. Feel that awareness, see how it doesn’t need any head to support it. Look at your hand. Does it look different?”
Michelle giggled. “It looks weird. It feels weird. I see what you mean…about seeing 3D. It pops out, it’s more real. There’s a mysterious quality.” 
“Describe it.” Danny sounded pleased.
“It’s very soft. Peaceful. Even with football noise around us there’s a really deep peacefulness in this…headless awareness.”
“Let’s go further. Point at yourself.” I had crammed my own solid head through the bleachers and could barely see Danny pointing a finger at his own face. “Before thought ever takes place, what does your immediate experience tell you the finger is pointing at?” 
Michelle paused. “Nothing. Space. Absolutely nothing. It’s really pointing at awareness itself. No, it’s not pointing at…it’s pointing within awareness. This is strange, Danny. Even my voice feels like it’s coming out of awareness. And when I look down at myself, it’s as if this it’s someone else’s body; I’m just watching it from above. It’s a strange place. I’m almost getting dizzy.” 
“Stop?”
 “No, keep going.”
“Okay. What’s the emotion in this place? Is it happy or sad, or anything?”
She raised her hand up in front of her face again. “It doesn’t feel like either. It’s just very calm…amused, maybe, without the head-sense. What happened to happy and sad?”
 “Sadness and happiness come from things outside you, right? Head Mind says ‘This is good’ and you’re happy. It says ‘This is bad’ and you get depressed. Nothing from the outside controls Heavenly Mind in that way, because it’s has no outside. It isn’t moved that way; but it knows Head Mind is. That’s why it’s amused.”
“It kind of comes and goes, Danny.”
 “Headless perception is a delicate thing. It goes easily, but it will come easily, too. Don’t hold it too tight. That’s the hang-up of Head Mind. You know the nagging: I want this. I want that. I need to be popular. I’m happy, ecstatic; now I’m angry, bored. I’m a victim. I’m a superstar! Heavenly Mind never struggles with those demands. It floats and it’s sees and takes everything in. If it needs to act, it acts fast and then moves on.” 
Michelle said, “Sometimes dumb thoughts pop into my head. Like, ‘Am I ready for the math exam this afternoon’ or ‘My elbow is itchy’ or ‘I’ve got to tell everyone about this!”
I have to admit this really bothered me, Michelle saying, “I’ve got to tell everyone about this!” Danny only laughed and said, “Go ahead and scratch your elbow. Thoughts and memories and itches pop into Heavenly Mind just like Head Mind. But they have no power over you.”
Michelle went silent for a minute, and then said, “I’m getting it, Danny. But headlessness is just a beginning, isn’t it? Don’t get mad, Danny, but I really feel like laughing. Like really cracking up, laughing.” Her voice became shaky. “There’s so much more. I can feel it. There’s so much…”
I was about to shout “Stop already!” afraid she was getting hysterical, but Danny put a hand on her shoulder and calmed her down. “Let’s quit now. You got a taste and that’s enough to know. You’re a good pupil.”
I winced at the word pupil.
After a minute, Michelle said, “I have a confession to make.” She pulled out a small device like a cell phone. “It’s my class recorder. I apologize. I was taping everything. I just wanted to be able to listen afterwards. I want you to take it, as a journal. Please! Record the things you’re feeling and experiencing—as they happen—things you might want to share later.”
“I’m not sure.”
“Well, you don’t have to, not right away. I don’t share my diary. Just record them. See what comes out.”
I thought he was going to give it back to her, because Danny and I have never accepted charity (except for Tim’s backpack, because Danny thought that was different). But he said matter-of-factly, “Okay” and put it in his shirt pocket.
“Thanks,” she said and stood up. “You’re staying?”
“For a bit.” 
“Okay,” she said softly, without noticing me peering from underneath. Her face had that glow that Aunt Polly had after Danny had talked to her. 
As Michelle down the bleachers back to school, Danny played with the recorder. “Testing, testing. What thoughts I should record? How about—come on up, Joe.” 
“Snake!” I hauled myself up and sat next to him. “Did you hear me down there?
“I knew. Did you learn anything?”
“Naw. I wish I’d brought a Conan.” I snatched the recorder from his hand. “Are you going to use this thing?” 
“I might.”
We walked down onto the field towards the school. Suddenly Danny’s hand shot out and pushed me back as a football bulleted past us into the stands. It hit with a thud and ricocheted away. It was no accident. And only one person I knew could throw like that. I spun around to the football players, who were breaking up from their drills and crossing the field to school. “Hey!” I shouted, spotting Tim in the group. He just shrugged his shoulders and smirked, and they kept coming forward like a gang. Quite a few were snickering. Not Steve, I made sure; but then except for him, I had nothing near a friend in that group. Danny pushed me to keep walking. “Forget about it. We’re going to be late.” 
I swore under my breath and shot Hanson a scowl. We continued to the door and to afternoon classes. I spent the rest of the day wondering if Michelle’s thing with Danny was ever going to wear off now I also daydreamed a lot about wiping that smirk off Tim’s face.
 
 
Chapter 10
 
What exactly is Head Mind? It’s your inner Demander. The false Controller that always opposes. It’s the sticky creature in your head that says, “To exist, I need more.  And if I don’t get what I want, if I don’t get my way, I’m going to be unhappy or depressed or angry.  I need—every new gadget. I need status. I need you and you and you…to love me, to be my friend, to think I’m a great guy, and cool; that’s critical for me in order to be.  I need control over the future; escape from my embarrassing pasts; influence over people, the power of knowledge. I need constant entertainment, endless texts to tell me I’m popular (I am texted, therefore I am), cell phone games upon apps upon twitter so never to be bored—not for one single, solitary, oh, horrifying, second.  And whatever it is, more, more, more. Mr. Tan would call it ‘persona’ or ‘ego’. If you’re a Harry Potter reader, think of it as the Voldemort possessing you.  More into Tolkien? Then it’s your inner Sauron—the dark dissatisfier who fears and hates the world and wants to dominate it…or at least get lots of attention. It’s that voice in your head you cannot stop that governs 99% of everything you do. And here’s the funny part—just like Voldemort and Sauron, it’s a fiction.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
 
Light moves pretty fast. That’s what I learned in astronomy class that day when I was moved up front to improve my attention. But I’m not sure even light could have sped through the hallways faster than the stories about Danny.
Michelle, of course, got it started. She’s a major deal in the popular crowd, and when that crowd gets a hold of something you know it’s gonna be the next “big” thing—high top tennis shoes, wrist tattoos, fancy backpacks, some favorite local cause to help the homeless or clean up graffiti. Pretty soon there were little daily lunch gatherings of students asking Danny all kinds of questions. They would get together either on the front lawn under some trees, or in the parking lot with Danny on the hood of someone’s car, or back in the bleachers. He never talked again about the whole near-death-thing as he did with Michelle (and me). And people stopped asking after he told them, it’s not important; and then as their faces got briefly disappointed, he would bring them back with, but let me tell you what I learned, because that is. And so it launched. This new thing called headlessness and Heavenly Mind. It took hold fast—I guess because you could actually do it, but also because Michelle, Danny’s cheerleader, was so enthusiastic about getting kids to try. These were the “activity people” for the most part, the ones who worked on the yearbook and got involved with student council and Japanese club and the Toys for Tots programs. Among this whole crowd, girls and guys, Danny was making a quite a stir.
For the first week of it, I didn’t want any part. Though I watched occasionally from a distance. But then one day I was walking by a gathering with Michelle and half a dozen other kids by a clump of birch trees in the school yard. Danny was walking back and forth in front of them, talking. He winked at me, but I hovered from a distance, because sitting next to Michelle—not participating and with a pained “what-the-hell” look in his eyes—was Tim. 
Danny was asking people to consider their bodies; how bodies really move all on their own. He said something like: “An object is flying at your head, and your hand blocks it without thinking. How did it know to do that? What intelligence moved that hand?  Is taking a step any different? Let’s follow the body in headlessness: You have an idea to pick a dandelion. Eyes look over the ground. There’s a moment of suspense. Suddenly the right flower calls out, and while silent headlessness observes, Arm reaches out and Hand opens to grasp the stem. No one is directing it. Arm and Hand know their roles in the big play. Now you hold the dandelion. What will happen next? Headlessness waits for the next surprise. Suddenly Body, knowing just what to do, moves again.” He gave the yellow weed to one of sitting girls. “When we practice headless attention, total seeing, all our movements become miraculous, because we begin to realize—we really don’t do them. So what does? Feel into that.” 
He asked them to begin an exercise to feel the “invisible intelligence” that guides the body. And having already hung on every word he’d said, they did. Everyone followed. Except Tim. Some started walking back and forth circling their arms slowly, or picking up twigs or more dandelions from the grass, carefully observing each act. Sometimes they’d catch one another’s glance and smile as if they understood something together. Michelle looked more awestruck than ever. 
It didn’t bother me that Tim clearly wasn’t buying any of it. I didn’t buy it either. But if Michelle was dragging Tim in, it could turn into a real problem. So I decided right there and then to keep closer tabs on these assemblies, and on Tim specifically.
I also found myself getting into a lot of minor fights. I guess my temper was running thin with the whole Danny mania. Up to now, I’d had my little buddy to myself. He’d been mine to talk to and pretend to listen to; mine to drive on the cycle; mine to cheer up; mine to swipe cookies for at lunch; and—if he was becoming annoying—mine to rough up a little. It was all going upside down. I was losing something important. I suppose if I’d lost a favorite dog I’d have looked for people to beat up too. At least, I think so. I never had a dog.
Peter Beck was the first to tick me off. It was Tuesday morning during one of the impromptu sessions with Danny on the school lawn before first hour. Danny was sitting on his knees, holding a blade of grass in one hand and a can of coke in the other. He was excitedly explaining something about the world becoming friendly and supportive when you practiced headlessness. “You begin to sense that everything comes from the same place and shares the same energy. Imagine everything your eye falls on saying hi to you, like a close friend who’s happy you’ve recognized them, and knowing you share something very deeply in common. Feel it!” Kids around him peered into that contagious sparkle in his eyes and said, “Yeah, I sense it. I get it.” Although I think more than a few were just saying that to be cool. Then Peter Beck burped loudly from the back. I didn’t care that Danny didn’t seem to notice it, or that a couple kids gave him nasty looks.
The next day I was walking by Peter’s table in the cafeteria. And all on it’s own, without guidance, Right Arm had the idea to shoot out and cuff Peter behind the neck, pushing his face into his lasagna. Left Arm, still in a cast, wanted in on the action and decided to shove Peter’s friend firmly down as he attempted to get up; then it patted his cheek to stay put. Peter looked up covered in meat sauce and pasta. “Don’t burp at Danny again,” I said. He promised he wouldn’t, and me and my arms walked away, all feeling good. 
Then there was Dave Johnson who was sitting behind me in study hall smacking his gum with his mouth open. I hate that sound. I remember my Dad throwing a beer can at me once when I was chewing gum like that at home. After study hall I slammed Dave against a locker and said—same as Dad had told me—“Chew with your f-ing mouth closed.” That felt good, too.
But then I just got too touchy, like when some little guy I didn’t know simply bumped into me walking up a crowded stairway. It was an accident. But I slid him my elbow, anyway. He gave back a nice wumph, and I told him to be more careful. I was wrong about that one, and it didn’t make me feel good. 
After school, Danny and Mr. Tan resumed their little talks. At first Mr. Tan was curious about the NDE thing—and, for once, Danny broke his own rule not to discuss it. He said, first of all, he didn’t like the term; it made no sense to him, since death as some kind of ending was not a part of it; and, if it had been up to him, he would have called it a “body emancipation experience”. (A “bee” I thought to myself, snickering in silence.).  But then he told Mr. Tan the whole thing, just like Michelle on the bleachers. I guess this shouldn’t have surprised me, since they got along so well, and Danny trusted Mr. Tan. What did surprise me was when Mr. Tan—acting just like Michele and the other students on the lawn—become fascinated by the whole Heavenly Mind idea and headlessness and the “psychological underpinnings” of the “cosmology” as he called it. Instantly he probed away with all kinds of questions and, as Danny responded to them, scribbled page after page on yellow paper which he stuffed in a binder. Danny didn’t mind any of this. And, honestly, I think he got a special kick out of Mr. Tan’s curiosity, because Mr. Tan could describe stuff using all that intellectual and scientific speak they both liked. I didn’t know any teenagers in that league. Also Mr. Tan was a white-board thinker. He was always drawing pictures on that huge board in the front of class to illustrate his psychology lessons, which was really helpful. He was probably the best teacher in the school partly because he drew a great stick-figure. Together he and Danny began putting Danny’s ideas into pictures.  
They started with a simple little stick guy whose head was missing, replaced by a bunch of lines shooting outwards into space. I sort of understood that one. Then they tried other figures with heads filled-in and progressively larger circles growing around them (representing what they called, the dimensions…) until the last circle turned into a bunch of circular rays again. Then came the labeling and relabeling and more stick figures and arrows and some side charts and it all got too complicated for me.  I liked the first one the best.
They never erased the drawings when they were finished—though Mr. Tan always made his own copies of everything for his binder—so they were always visible the next morning before getting erased for other classes. Kids caught on right away. Soon throughout the halls and public areas of the building the Danny stick-figures began appearing. Some were labeled “Danny’s Way”, some were labeled “Danny’s Mind”. You’re not supposed to put up posters without authorization, so janitors, teachers, and even Principal Steele on occasion tore them down. But they just kept showing up, sometimes in clever places like on the ceiling just above the stalls in the boys’ restroom—and it wasn’t me. This was just the kind of craze Danny’s teachings were becoming, and the headless stick-men were marching. 
A different kind of relationship developed between Mr. Tan and Danny—a real switcheroo. Danny was the teacher now. That was funny to me. But while they talked and theorized and drew pictures and Danny instructed Mr. Tan in all the techniques of headlessness, I sat at a desk pretending to ignore them, always waiting for Danny to walk home. I remember one time, Mr. Tan was trying the headless exercise where you point at yourself; Danny asked the question: “What’s pointing at what?” And after a moment in silence, Mr. Tan erupted in full blown laughter (which I’d seen happen to more than one headless practitioner), and said, “Okay, I got it now. Brilliant! Your headless practice breaks the self / not-self divide by dis-identifying consciousness from body and ego. Consciousness without the boundary fixation. Pure perception; no ego. That’s Heavenly Mind?” 
Danny said, “That’s a beginning sense of it. Though you make it sound very…academic.” 
“By design,” Mr. Tan smirked. “If I’m going to make this a credible academic presentation, I have to translate your insights into official jargon. Psychologists have their own language. I hope you don’t mind that I do it this way. When you’re dealing with professional academics, you have to talk the way they do. Otherwise, they won’t listen.”
“Then pour on the jargon.”
Danny and Mr. Tan kept working, and every now and then Mr. Tan got really excited as if he was on to some incredible scientific breakthrough. He even hopped into the air sometimes. I just continued paging through Conan. Sometimes I tried to understand what they were saying on the sly, but mostly I had no clue and figured it was something like getting drunk. 
One time, Mr. Tan asked me if I was getting it. I held out my book and tapped the cover to let them know my priorities. 
It took over a week, but eventually they came up with a big complex chart with pictures and sidelines which they agreed outlined the major stages and pulled together all the big ideas. This was their masterpiece.  
“Yes,” Mr. Tan said to himself, standing with his hands on his hips. “This will be a good framework for putting together a bigger slide presentation. All colored up. Add some professional graphics. Maybe even get a studio arts student to help me animate it so we can really show the expansion of consciousness from head-centered to non-egoic, and what that implies. Danny, let me walk you through as a summary, and you critique me—since it’s sort of about you.”
I groaned. “Aren’t you guys finished yet with all this…whatever it is?”
“Joe, a few more minutes,” Mr. Tan said patiently. “If you’d pay a little attention…what I’m trying to do is establish the scientific grounding for Danny’s perceptions on how consciousness co-creates our realities. How the world we think we see is really is as much a creation of our minds, as it is—”
“Yikes, Mr. Tan. Go ahead and do your summary. I’m good here with my book.”
Danny said, “Let’s do it, Mr. Tan. Give me the whole spiel.” 
So while I wandered through my favorite Conan, a story called Red Nails, about the burly barbarian and a red-haired female companion fighting a dragon and some nasty subhumans, Mr. Tan directed his pointer smartly at the first stick figure and said, “Now, this guy lives purely from the egoic center, or Head Mind as our subject calls it. His perception is oppositional. He feels like he’s separate from the rest of the physical world and physically travels through it. Along the way, he encounters separate things or people that he experiences as objects outside himself and his awareness. And because they are outside they tend to either oppose him or support him…good or bad lodges in his perception, as well as blocks it. His understanding is distorted by seeing nothing but boundaries…”
 
——————————————
 
…Valeria shouted, "Keep back, you barbarian dog! I'll spit you like a roast pig!"
Conan halted, reluctantly, and demanded: "Do you want me to take that toy away from you and spank you with it?"
"Words! Nothing but words!" Valeria mocked, lights like the gleam of the sun on blue water dancing in her reckless eyes.
Conan knew it was the truth. No living man could disarm the flaming haired Valeria of the Red Brotherhood with his bare hands. He scowled, his sensations a tangle of conflicting emotions. He was angry, yet he was amused and filled with admiration for her spirit. He burned with eagerness to seize that splendid figure and crush it in his iron arms, yet he greatly desired not to hurt the girl. He was torn between a desire to shake her soundly, and a desire to caress her. He knew if he came any nearer her sword would be sheathed in his heart. He had seen Valeria kill too many men in border forays and tavern brawls to have any illusions about her. 
"Blast your soul, you hussy!" he exclaimed in exasperation. "I'm going to take off your—"
 
——————————————
Smack! Mr. Tan’s pointer had moved to the next slightly different figure, and he was speaking pretty lively. “Now, we enter the realm of headlessness, where we begin to reverse the perception problem through a willed expansion of the individual’s sense of “I” beyond the egoic point in the head. This guy still sees a world with objects and boundaries, but he begins to see them as connected within his consciousness too. The boundaries don’t divide so much as join. There’s less good and bad, less happy or sad, but all are recognized as opposites necessarily supporting each other in inter-connectedness. And perhaps most important, this includes the boundary of the Self, as well. The individual’s identity expands and includes… Now within the overall headless stage we have several sub stages which evolve more or less like…
 
——————————————
"What's that?"
It was Sally who exclaimed, but they both started violently, and Joe wheeled like a cat, his great sword flashing into his hand. Back in the forest had burst forth an appalling medley of screams—the screams of horses in terror and agony. Mingled with their screams there came the snap of splintering bones.
"Lions are slaying the horses!" cried Sally.
"Lions, nothing!" snorted Joe, his eyes blazing. "Did you hear a lion roar? Neither did I! Listen to those bones snap—not even a lion could make that much noise killing a horse—"
 
——————————————
“Okay,” Mr. Tan boomed. “Here’s the finale. Here we encounter the highest level of human consciousness.”
“It’s not the highest,” Danny cut in.
“No?”
“There are always higher dimensions. This is just as far as I’ve gone myself—so far.”
“That’s interesting; I hadn’t expected that. Okay. So, this figure, as we’ve diagramed here transcending his physicality, represents the next—but not final—dimension of consciousness, which our subject calls Heavenly Mind, which represents to him a state of pure formless consciousness, without any egoic anchor or psychological boundaries. At this point, the individual has undergone a complete transpersonal flip. No this, no that. No me, no them. No inside, no outside. Everything encompassed. Everything unified. No problems. All is one movement. And the “I” sense goes from form based to identification with the whole, with everything and no-thing. When this occurs, we find…
 
——————————————
 
"Sit down," Joe grunted at Sally, catching her by her wrist and pulling her down on his knee. He took her sword from her hand and shoved it back in it’s sheath. "Sit still and calm down. You'd only break your steel on his scales. He'd gobble you up or smash you like an egg with that spiked tail of his. We'll get out of this jam some way."
Sally made no reply, nor did she seek to repulse his arm from about her waist. She was frightened, and the sensation was new to Sally of the Red Brotherhood. So she sat on her companion's—or captor's—knee with a docility that would have amazed Zarallo, who had anathematized her as a she-devil out of Hell's seraglio. 
Joe played idly with her red locks, seemingly intent only upon his conquest. Neither the skeleton at his feet nor the monster crouching below disturbed his mind or dulled the edge of his interest—
 
——————————————
“Joe! Quit whispering to yourself. Time to go.” 
“You guys finished finally,” I grumbled, folding over the page where I’d left off. 
“For now,” Danny said. “I’m going to be the subject of some grand academic paper. What’re you calling it, Mr. Tan?” 
“My working title is: Insights of a Teenage Mystic: An Original Transpersonal Cosmology.”
“Wow,” I said sarcastically. “We’re not going to have to read it in class are we?”
“No, Joe,” Mr. Tan sighed. “It’ll even take me a few months to complete. You’ll likely be reading Conan in someone else’s class by that time.”
Danny collected his books into his backpack and held out his hand for the Conan. I said, “Naw, I think I’m going to keep it this evening.”
As we walked out the door Mr. Tan said, still drawing at the board, “Danny, you said there are even higher dimensions beyond your heavenly concept. If that’s possible and people can get there, what would such a person be?”
“I don’t know. I just know there’s always more. Isn’t it better that way?”
“I guess it is. The journey with no end point.” Mr. Tan grinned.
I slapped the Conan against Danny’s butt. “You guys are really talking nutty. Let’s go.” I pushed him out the door.
 
 
Chapter 11
 
When everything goes razor and the edges get sharp. Oh, Joe, if you only knew what you’re so close to. In the heightened awareness of the fight, you’ve got your own metaphor of Heavenly Mind. That’s where your exhilaration comes from. That’s why you like to fight, you dope. And why you’re so good at it. It’s your personal shortcut for skipping headlessness and going right to the source. Too bad you have to beat people up to get it. If only you could learn to stir out that clear awareness into the rest of your life.  You’d be… You’d be… Awesome.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Walking over the bridge back home, Danny said: “I hear you’ve been getting into some fights. You know you can’t do that on your probation. You’ll get expelled.”
“I haven’t been getting in any real fights. I just shoved a few people around. My thrills are long gone, courtesy of Principle Steele.” I was trying to make light, but I was bummed out about a bunch of things. He probably could hear it in my voice, though he may not have known all the reasons. I’d never told him about the Sally issue.
 “You miss the fightin’ days?”
 “You kidding? You know I do. It’s not for most kids, I get that. But I love a good fight. Going razor is the best high I know. The world slows down; I speed up. There are no nerves. No fear. Total focus without focusing. And I can do anything.” I kicked some grass sticking out of the sidewalk and made sure to stifle a sigh. People who sigh get on my nerves.
“Yeah, I understand, Joe. It’s exhilarating.” He paused for a minute and then said, “When you’re beating the crap out of someone, I believe you’re undergoing that same transpersonal flip that Mr. Tan was talking about back there. The way you describe your senses in a fight—the world slows down, you speed up, sight gets super sharp. That’s headless seeing.”
“Maybe Mr. Tan should be studying me.” I didn’t believe Danny really understood it though. He couldn’t know squat about the fighting feeling. That was my kingdom; where I had all the ability; where everyone looked up to me—or at least feared me—and that was close enough. There I was, like a great sports star—benched. What hell did he think he was talking about anyway? Transpersonal flip, my ass.
We walked by the park where we’d practiced our karate moves. We hadn’t done it since the accident. I figured Danny wasn’t interested anymore, so I never pressed it. I was surprised when he stopped and said, “Let’s practice.”
“Danny, I’m not in the mood.”
“What? What if Tim Hanson pulled one of these on you.” He poked me in the chest—pretty hard. “Would you say, You know, Tim, I’m just not in the mood…” He meant it.
“Now you’re getting nasty.”
“Come on. Let’s see how much I’ve recovered.”
“Okay, okay. I’ll go easy on you.”
“We’ll see if you need to.”
Danny led the way to our regular practice spot on the grass. Some geezer wearing a slouchy Frank Sinatra hat sat on the park’s only bench about ten strides away. An empty bottle was tipped over next to him, which was probably the cause of his sad face. I said, “We’re gonna give you a show, old timer.” He only stared back.
Danny had balanced into the readiness stance. He lifted up his fists to me mockingly. “What do you got, tough guy?”
“How about some deflection practice.” I lobbed a slow motion overhand at him. 
His hand shot out to my wrist, snatched me forward. “Faster.”
“No problem.” I popped another at him about seven-tenths speed. His arm snapped it aside again. “Faster.”
I’d never gone full speed with Danny before, ever. He was too uncoordinated. And if I slipped and couldn’t pull back in time, well, with fists as big as mine, bones could be broken. But since he was insisting, and being a bit of weasel, I notched it up to nine-tenths. He caught it easily and, with an unnaturally firm grip, tugged me in. “Joe, let loose. I mean it. Really test me.”
“You asked for it.” I began to turn slowly around as if to take stock—then spun back to catch him off guard. Obviously I wasn’t going to hit him. Just shock him with a demonstration of how fast I can really be.
He deflected it with ease, then delivered a lightening upper cut which—if he hadn’t pulled it himself—would have popped me right in the kisser. 
I was stunned, but I wasn’t going to let on. Something was fishy about this. “You’ve been practicing.”
“I’m getting the hang of it.”
“Because of my superb teaching?”
“Hah!” 
“Okay. Try lunging at me now.”
He began prancing from side to side, darting in and out with hands high, occasionally throwing a punch—and taking perfect advantage of any slip in my own defenses. I couldn’t believe his speed. He hadn’t just gotten better. It was hard to keep up with him. 
“What is going on here?” 
“You’re off your game, Joe. We got to get you back in the mood. We got to get you razor again.” He stepped to one side, but his foot shot the other way and he thumped me in the rear, jumping back before I could get at him.  
“Where are you learning this stuff?” I wasn’t faking being pissed. I was starting to feel like Mr. Tan being corrected by his own student. Only I wasn’t enjoying it.
“You taught me this stuff, remember? And that was called kicking your ass,” he laughed. “My body moves differently now, sort of by itself—all those things I talk about that you refuse to believe.” While I paused, puzzled by what he’d said, Danny feinted with a jab, then wrapped his foot around—for the second time!—and smacked my ass. He laughed. “How’s that, Joe Maddy? I didn’t really do that. Can you believe that?”
His laughter did it. He knew I was short tempered and when the edges of my vision start to sharpen in my vision—I had to get calm, fast. Why was he doing this? He darted in another light smack to my cheek. What was happening here? Another smack. Explosion! “You little twit,” I snarled, catching his arm and yanking him like a rag doll to his knees. One second, mocking me. The next, his face fixed in my arm. Lickety-split. The edges began to recede. “Do you believe that, Danny Perkins?”
His bundled face was grinning. “I knew if I could make you mad enough, you’d get in your mood. Feel better?”
“Brat.” I hauled him up, and noticed the geezer watching us with the same confused expression that dogs get. “I’ll say this. I never knew you had that kind of speed. But I think I liked you better when you were pathetic and had zits.”
“Joe, start listening to some of the things I’m saying. You’d get it, if you tried. You don’t have to be punching someone to get the sharp razor feeling.”
The old man was still staring, and it bothered me because this was none of his business.  “Okay, Danny, I’ll work on it maybe. But don’t poke me in the chest anymore. That really bugs me.”
“Didn’t it work?” he said.
“Be quiet.”
As we left the park, I had a change of heart for some reason. I stepped over to the old man and slipped him two bucks in change. “What the hell, old timer, go get yourself a fifth of something.” I always feel sociable after a razor moment.
After I dropped Danny off near his house I hiked it to the garage where my bike was being fixed. It was ready to go, and I had already made a good down-payment on the repair—they knew where to find me if I didn’t keep paying—so they let me take it and I drove to the Taco Johns. I bought a coffee and a sack of hard shell tacos and settled into a corner booth. I pulled out my Conan, but…
Okay, I knew I had been changing the story of Conan and Valeria in my mind into a story about Joe and Sally. That’s how I daydream. At least the girl in my fantasies was real. How many guys go around dreaming about the latest cute teen actress or imagine their favorite hottie singer crawling through their bedroom window after their parents have gone to bed, and she says, “Hey, I noticed you in the audience tonight.” 
But I couldn’t concentrate enough to read anymore, because I was fretting about something I didn’t usually let bother me: being from the wrong side of the tracks. Wondering if…what if I hadn’t been born on crappy Millway Street; the son of a drunken and crappy—yeah, I was saying it—dad. What might have been? I remembered Coach Stevens saying with my speed and size I could go—could have gone, at this point—“all the way.” Maybe it just meant getting out…out of Millway Street.
I must have sat there for a half an hour, munching on tacos, flipping the pages—but no longer able to read them—thinking about my life, wedging the taco wrappers one after the other into my empty Coke cup. When it got to a throwing heft, I tossed it about twenty feet into a trash container. Then Tim Hanson showed up with a couple of his buddies.  
I slumped down. They got their food at the counter and moved to a booth. Tim looked drunk. The staggering was a good clue, and then he pulled a small dark bottle out of his jacket and poured it into a cup under the table. Steve Kinney and Frank Mitchell were with him, eating their own tacos and tossing the wrappers away or over their shoulders. Standard food-joint mischief. Tim’s face was blotchy, and he was making antsy drunk movements. His lips were tight beneath his red eyes. I couldn’t make out much of the language, though apparently Steve and Frank were trying to console him with lots of “that-a-boy” slaps to the shoulders. Steve finally said, loud enough to hear, “Look, Tim. She’s not worth it. Get over it!” 
Tim’s face turned hotter and he was shaking his head back and forth. He snapped back at Steve, “No. I’ve had enough. They’re not getting away with this.” 
I got up and moved towards the table. Tim saw me and mouthed my name with an ugly sneer. I stopped. Frank and Steve turned. I wasn’t worried about a scuffle breaking out. There were other customers in the place and a manager. Though on second thought, I probably should have been a little worried, since you never know what a guy will do when he’s both mad and plastered.
I tried to sound calm. “Guys, I’ve seen you hanging around Danny’s talks. I think you should stay away.”
Steve stood up and said, “Joe, let’s talk outside.”
We left Tim and Frank at the booth. Tim face was so distorted with a sudden bout of laughter he looked like an evil clown.
 “Steve,” I said. “I want him to stay away from Danny. If he doesn’t—“
“Look, man. He’s upset.” 
“He’s losing it, Steve. Don’t tell me you don’t see it. It’s a long time in coming, but all the booze and I don’t know what else…he’s losing it, and I’m telling you to keep him away.”
“Okay, Joe, it’s true. We’re trying to help, but it’s gotten worse. Michelle broke up with him today.”
“Who could blame her?”
“Well, he blames someone. He blames Danny.”
I said, very seriously, “Steve, Danny has nothing to do with this. Tim’s crashing and it’s his own fault. Do your friend a favor. Get him a shrink, and keep him far away from Danny.”  
Steve paused, made a big exhale. “I’ll see what I can do.” He patted my shoulder the way we used to in football, and I sort of wished—but he’d already turned. I got on my bike and drove away.
 
 
Chapter 12
 
The kids from the Young Evangelical Society—the YES kids—are apparently mad at me. I’m not biblical enough for them. Sorry. But we’re not in opposition. Heavenly Mind has no opposition. It allows rap and Beethoven, artist and athlete, Goth and geek, YES and NO... Everything!
But here’s the question: Is your word-for-word Bible study evolving you in any way? Do you see the depths of what it really says? I’m sure you’ll find the experience of heavenly mind in there, if you look for it. How about adding to your literal study this new way of experiencing your soul-self, your Heavenly “I”. The gospels are more than just a bunch of neat quotes you can memorize. Try really feeling the kingdom of Heaven, which I call Heavenly Mind.  I assure you it’s a truth you can taste. Go for the knowing that lies beyond mere words! That’s all I’d say to the YES kids.”
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
That evening around 11:00 pm the phone started ringing, which it never did that late. I came downstairs to get it, on the way turned off the TV and snatched a dripping beer from Dad’s sleeping hand. Danny was on the line asking if I could bring him to the hospital to visit Aunt Polly. Michelle had just called him. “She’s asking for me,” he said. “Michelle said we should hurry.”
About five minutes later I arrived at Danny’s house on the cycle. He took the helmet and hopped on. “Drive fast,” he said. I got us to the hospital in a record eleven minutes.
There were about ten adults already there, including Michelle’s mother and father. They were coming and going from Aunt Polly’s room and talking in hushed tones. Everyone seemed calm to me. Sad, of course, but calm. One woman did break into a teary fit, but it passed and then she was fine, talking normally again. Michelle introduced us to her parents, her father for the first time, and then to an older sister of Aunt Polly, Aunt Jessey, and then Aunt Jessey’s husband. They were from New York somewhere. The adults seemed to already know about Danny because that’s the way they greeted him. “It’s so nice to finally meet you...Polly has said so much about you...You’ve helped her so much... It’s been a blessing for all of us to watch her bloom in these final days…” Nice stuff like that. When people looked at me, I just crooked my head at Danny and said, “I’m his buddy.”
The nurse whose hair had gone from blonde to brown was also there. She was on duty. She’d been involved with Aunt Polly’s case all this time and was practically part of the family. When she and Michele saw each other in the hallway they came together. 
I stood nearby as the nurse put a hand to Michelle’s shoulder and said, “Polly’s been so peaceful these last few weeks. It’s good for her to be so peaceful now. She’s ready.”
Michelle said with a tear, “I wish I were ready.” She hugged the nurse, and then stepped back and said, “May I hold the statue of Mary you have in your pocket?”
The nurse just stared at her a moment. “How did you know? I’ve never shown it to anyone. It’s an heirloom.”
“Danny told me. You held it when you prayed to God for him on the operating table.” They both glanced at Danny, standing with the other family members who were talking softly.  
“I’ve always been very protective of my Prayer Mary, but here.” She dug a two-inch statue out of her pocket and passed it to Michelle. Michelle held it between her palms in prayer, and closed her eyes for her moment. She handed it back. “Thank you.”
Michelle guided Danny and me into Aunt Polly's room. Michelle’s parents and Aunt Jessy gathered too. All the tubes and wires were gone. This looked better, and I think she must have liked it that way, because her eyes still shined like they had the last time we’d seen her. The rest of her was a wrinkled gray sheet, but her eyes were brilliant. 
She smiled at the ceiling, not really noticing us. Danny and Michelle moved to the bedside. Everyone else took chairs while I stayed in the doorway. 
“Oh, you came,” Aunt Polly finally said. Her voice was a like failing air conditioner. “I just wanted to see you one more time.”
Her eyes traveled to her hand as if she were trying to lift it. When it didn’t move, Danny raised it for her. She laughed weakly, “Not much left.”
“No,” he said softly. 
She whispered, “Everything is getting loose inside. Looser and lighter. And just to look at those two wonderful eyes again. Two beautiful pools.”
“That’s lovely, Aunt Polly,” Michelle said under her breath.
Aunt Polly gazed at Danny. “You know, I grew up on a farm? Helped Mom and Dad and Uncle Marty Joe (he’s gone now, of course) and Jessy and Barbara sowing, planting, and harvesting sugar beets. There used to be good money in sugar beets; I don’t know any more.” She paused. Danny glanced at Michelle’s mom who was just nodding and smiling. I hadn’t known before but she must have been Barbara.
“You know, I could drive a tractor when I was ten. I loved that tractor. But then I grew up and joined the airline, eager to see the exciting world beyond the farm. Been thinking about that tractor, how I used to plow the fields, breaking up all the hardened dirt and making beautiful rows in the ground for new crops. Occasionally running over gophers.” 
Danny chuckled.
“It’s all so pins and needles, now…and wow.”
“Yes.”
She sighed and closed her eyes. “I’m going to have to sleep now. Thank you for coming.”  
“Good bye,” he said, kissing her forehead gently. He stood up and looked down at her for a few seconds. Somehow I expected him to yank her wrinkly skin off like a magician’s curtain…and underneath it? Just clear space holding two big eyes and a Cheshire Cat smile, which would immediately shoot into space. I would have liked that.
Of course, no such thing happened and after we left them Danny wanted to drive around for a while before going home. So I cruised the lighted streets for an hour or so. There were no other cars at this hour and I could drive all over the place with total freedom and break all the rules without risk. It was fun, and Danny just laughed and laughed behind me. I don’t think we ever said a word until I dropped him off in front of his house at about 3 am.  
 
The next day at school I was surprised to see Michelle in the hallway. She looked so happy and well-rested I wondered if Aunt Polly’s condition was improving. I asked how her aunt was doing. She said: “Oh, she’s good. She died.”  
 
 
Chapter 13
 
Sometimes before talking about Heavenly Mind, I find it helps to first get people into the mood—out of their clunky Head Minds. I have everyone pick up a common object–a dandelion or twig or blade of grass if we’re outside; a pencil, or even a candy bar if not. I talk them into the headless state—ask them to wrap awareness around and into their object. Embrace it in silence. Feel its existence. Feel its 3D-ness. Feel the depth that headlessness gives to every object—and even to space itself—how it all becomes mysterious and exotic. Rest in that. We do this for a while and you can see the noisy churning of Head Minds calming and growing clear. They’re no longer stuck in their thoughts. They’re receptive. And then it’s time to teach.
I wonder if Mr. Tan could use this in his classroom?
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Afterwards they called it the Sermon on the Hockey Boards. 
It was about a week after Aunt Polly had died, and Michelle arranged it. The little impromptu sessions of kids gathering around Danny had been growing—from the early get-togethers of five or six sitting under a tree to really noticeable groups of fifteen, twenty, or more. It was becoming a big thing and Michelle decided it was time to organize an event. 
She picked an area on the school grounds that made a natural theater. During the winter months, the athletic department put up a hockey rink on the far west corner where the varsity and junior varsity teams played. It wasn’t for official games because there wasn’t any real place to sit; they just practiced there. But spring through fall, the boards for the rink were stacked about five feet high next to a wide hill that slopes up the street. Michelle’s idea was to have Danny give a bigger talk from the hockey boards, like a stage, to an audience of kids on the hillside. She picked locker cleanout day, which happened once every two months, when students got an extra hour at lunch to clean the trash out of their lockers. It had always been a joke, most kids went to Taco Johns or McDonalds or hung out in the parking lot. This time though, word went around: Locker day Thursday in front the hockey boards: Danny Speaks. And that afternoon, sure enough, fifty or so teenagers gathered there on a hillside before a stack of white hockey boards.
It was a good cross section. The main cliques were represented, and a smattering of everyone else. There were probably a dozen geeks and bookworms; a lot of the activities people and a few of the student council-cheerleader populars; a bunch of the choir-theater-band types; a number of the “soft athletes”—runners and swimmers—and a few of the “hard” athletes from the football, hockey, and baseball teams, among them Tim’s friend Frank Mitchell, who was something of a slugger on the baseball squad. Also, gathered in their own little circle, were a clump of the Young Evangelical Society, including Steve Kinney and Jen Wright, who I’d discovered had been dating for the last few weeks. I wasn’t completely sure what the YES crowd was about, but I had an inkling it was religious (some toted their Bibles like athletes paraded their letter jackets) and from the fliers they’d put up on the school bulletin board they did things like group prayers, picnics, and movie nights out. There were rumors that they were suspicious of the whole Danny movement, or “Danny’s Way” as it was starting to be called. Steve and I exchanged How’s-it-going glances. 
As for Tim himself, I hadn’t seen him since that afternoon at Taco Johns. There was talk of a real fallout between Tim and Coach Stevens after a recent shouting match about Tim’s continuing lousy play on the field and then rumors that his parents had pulled him out of school for some sort of check-up. Maybe they were getting his drinking and drug problems sorted out. No one really knew, or if they did, they weren’t saying. I was glad he wasn’t around, period. 
Now I was surprised at the easy way Danny moved through the audience to the boards. There was a time when he got nervous taking a pee in the school bathroom. Now he almost floated with confidence, like royalty in disguise. One little girl with pink hair reached out and clasped his hand for a second as he passed by; she was what you’d politely call different. A few other girls put their hands out to do the same. This struck me as odd, but Danny just smiled in return. He climbed on top of the boards and sat down with his legs dangling. 
Michelle and Sally were right up front. I didn’t want to be too near Sally, but I ended up about twelve feet away, because I still wanted to stay close to the “stage” and keep a watch on everything. Even with Tim out of the picture for a while, I wasn’t sure about all this fuss and wanted to be able to get to Danny if things got strange. Sally’s mouth soured in an upside down U when she saw the distance I’d chosen, but I turned away.
At first, Danny did something unnerving. Nothing. He just watched everyone silently, smiling. You could see his gaze connecting with one face after another in the crowd. I overheard Sally say to Michelle with whispered awe, “Look at his bright eyes.” I guessed it helped that his eyes were naturally a pure blue, but when he looked at me for a second even I felt weird inside. Of course, I made myself snap out of it, and he began to speak in his unusually calm voice… 
But I’m not going to try and cover everything Danny said. A lot of people have, and a lot of it comes out wrong. Not everything. Just somehow there always seems to be extra “stuff” that he said, that he never really said, like, “I am the conduit to God” or “If you want to know the Kingdom of Heaven, follow me.” One time I saw a picture in black marker on a boys’ room stall that said “Danny reigns!”, and other makeshift posters on lockers proclaiming, “Danny’s Mind!” He didn’t like that stuff. He called it degrading. So whatever you heard about him saying some those other things, it’s not true.
First Danny held out a dandelion he had picked and asked everyone to do the same with whatever they had nearby—a blade of grass, a pen, a twig, he said it didn’t matter what. I had a pen knife, which worked just as well since I was only pretending, while Danny led the others in two minutes of “headless contemplation.” 
He began the teaching with what he called the Declaration of Heavenly Mind, because that was the goal, to know the eternal dimension in our lives. He said, “Know these things:
“First, know that you are Heavenly Mind. It is not something you have to acquire the way you learn math or how to drive. You already are the stuff of God and Heaven, and Heavenly Mind is the deep knowing-feeling of that, like a sunray connected to the sun—” 
Some of the kids started chanting after him. 
He paused and said, “You don’t need to repeat. Feel it.”
 “Second, contrary to how you feel most of the time, know you are not your body and you are not the thoughts and the feelings inside your head—that’s the Head Mind. When you imagine you are Head Mind, trapped and experiencing the world through two peep holes, you remain tiny, and you cannot know the greater nature of Heavenly Mind.”
“Third, know that life is the ultimate game, and it’s the same for all of us: To discover Heavenly Mind. To discover our true selves…through our practice of headlessness. It’s simply the best game in town.” He smiled like a wise man.
A lot of new kids who hadn’t heard him talk before asked questions covered in prior gatherings. He answered them sometimes as he had before, sometimes with changes. A lot of it reminded me of what he’d said to Michelle on the bleachers, though somehow, it always sounded new. He explained the headless stick figures that were appearing all over the school; they symbolized unlimited Heavenly Mind eclipsing limited Head Mind. But he also told them not to label the figures because the concept was beyond those kind of words (and I personally think he was annoyed at seeing his name appearing with so many of these pictures). People listened in different ways—most gazed up at him attentively, while some continued contemplating their flowers and twigs, and there were a few whisperers (like the YES group), some puzzled squinters, and a couple of harmless gigglers—more the “I get it” kind of giggling, than the mocking kind—and no one paid it much attention. But I monitored every reaction.
Danny responded to someone, “Don’t get confused. The human eye can only see what it’s built to see. Even in Heavenly Mind, the human eye can’t see sound, or atoms, or emotions, or colors that didn’t exist before. Heavenly Mind is how God would see if he had your eyes…which hopefully you’ll learn, he does.” 
“And it’s not just a matter of seeing. We’re not talking about x-ray glasses. This is a way of feeling the world beyond your own story and your name-self, which is just the main character in your story. Imagine God sitting over a gigantic train set. He built it himself. He loves it. And he wants to experience it from every possible angle. So, since he’s God, he creates little living train-set people and in their eyes he sets little heavenly cameras so he can join with them and look out at all his creation, all the time. Get it? That’s why we’re here. If you ever feel worthless—I used to—just remember, in Heavenly Mind, you become the eyes of God on earth. That makes you very special to the universe.”
The actual techniques of headlessness had been evolving as different kids tried new ways. This may have been one of the reasons it was becoming popular—kids were making it their own. This was great news to Danny. He wanted kids to experiment and invent new ways. He called it, “Our key ring of practices…Find your way, not mine.” He invited some kids to bring up their latest experiments. I’ll just mention two that stuck with me.
Tori Muskat stood up at Danny’s gesture. She was something like a hippie, wore plaid ankle length dresses and noisy clogs and kept one thick braid of sandy hair on her shoulder. Figure’d she was into this. She announced abruptly, “I found a really good way of doing headlessness when I go walking. It works better for me than just sitting down practicing.” She suddenly looked at Danny apologetically. 
He laughed. “Nothing could be better. Share.”
She did, and as she talked she became more and more excited. “I was…just walking…down a sidewalk. And the headlessness I’d been struggling with earlier came on all by itself. I just let myself sink into the rhythm of the movement and it got so deep and the scenery, everything I saw, began to flow. My vision opened up like a giant tunnel that the whole world floated through. The sidewalk, trees, the clouds—everything was going through me; instead of me walking through it. Everything became bright. Colors—the yellows and reds in the leaves, the green grass—it was all blazing, like fresh nail polish.” She snapped her brightly colored fingers and giggled. 
“And everything leaped out at me, the trees and mail boxes, the fences, grass and flowers. Everything vibrated. And this one thing was special: when I stopped at a big tree, I realized, I’d never seen a tree before… Now they were majestic, like mountains, and their branches spread out, all different but all perfect…as if they knew what they were doing. I could almost hear their silent tree language, and they were saying, joyously, one beautiful thing—I am.” She raised her hands up into the air like living branches. And people listened. A few hyper types even clapped briefly.
Danny beamed. He said, “In Heavenly Mind, every tree is the burning bush.” 
At this, there was a rustling among the Young Evangelicals, though no one except me paid attention. And Tori exclaimed, “Yes, Danny! I get it. I could actually feel that tree burning…with life.” She became flushed and sat down, saying to no one, “I can feel a tree.” 
Danny closed his eyes. The YES people began whispering to each other. I couldn’t hear the words, but as a few fingers tapped against Bibles, it was clear they weren’t pleased. I wondered what Steve was doing with this group of holier-than-thous. I would have never suspected he was like that. Then he put a hand on Jen Wright’s knee to calm her down. Oh, yeah—Jen. At least I hoped that was the reason.
Fortunately, most of the other kids were talking excitedly to each other, and didn’t notice the stirrings in the YES crowd. 
Danny finally looked up and began where Tori had left off.  He asked people to, “Notice how Head Mind tugs at things going by you in your vision; how it subtly tries to grab hold of something, anything, jerking you from one object to the next—this tree, that bird, a crack in the sidewalk. Observe how it’s afraid to let go, see how afraid it is of total flow; because when that happens, Head Mind disappears. Try it and see if this isn’t true. And then go further. Let all life flow through you in the same way: all the bad moments, the upsets, annoying people you run into; and the high points and wonderful people you encounter…don’t get suckered too deep into those either—because they’ll always flip on you—just enjoy their flowing by and watch everything and everyone grow bright and shiny. Like Tori’s nails.” 
A few other kids stood up to share their headless experiences, and Danny commented on each in turn. The other one that stuck with me was Shaun Pennick—Mr. Together, Mr. Student Council, Mr. Headed-for-Harvard; really, the kind of person who—unlike flower child Tori—I would not have expected to be interested in this. He told of some experience he had standing in front of a mirror and suddenly feeling like his face was no longer his face. And that a head was visible in the mirror, but he couldn’t feel it on his shoulders. Real Shaun, he said, was something floating…behind it all. He called the sensation, “Kind of awesome.” And then he got flustered and said, “Hey, Danny, am I kidding myself or is this legit?”
 Danny smiled. “Headlessness makes a mirror of the world. It’s God looking at himself. And it can feel like floating without a body, because it doesn’t ultimately need a body.” He looked around at the crowd. I did too; because the YES people were huddling again.
Danny continued. I think he was pulling together all the experiences kids were sharing. “As you have these moments in headlessness, notice how the world becomes less heavy, more with you and less against you—feel how your name-sense (‘I am Steve, I am Mary, I am Danny’) becomes much lighter and less demanding. You might even feel moments of just plain I am in a big way that has nothing to do with anything going on in your life. Head Mind is a torturer. It tells you the world is heavy, and you are small, and you need to worry about math tests, zits, making the cheerleader squad, what your friends and enemies think of you, or your parents. That’s how it stays energized. Heavenly Mind makes it all lighter, even funny. Of course, this doesn’t mean you won’t study hard for that biology exam…if it’s what you have to do, you will. But you’ll do it much sharper, and you’ll understand it more deeply, because it won’t feel like a burden.”
A lot of kids, I believed, didn’t really understand him—including myself—like the guy who asked Danny if he could see the future (he can’t). And later on I asked Danny what he thought. “Well,” he said, “a few are listening and thinking, I get it. A few more are listening and thinking, I get it…but it’s too hard and not practical. A lot probably can’t listen at all, and they’re saying to themselves, Crap. That’s how it should be. They can go back to texting and video games and whatever keeps them entertained. I’ll concentrate on the ones who want to know more.” 
One kid from my American history class said “Danny, do you believe in magic?” He was carrying one of those large greenish-orange books next to him. I never understood how people could read that magic wand fluff when real stuff like Conan was available.
“Oh, there’s lots of magic in the world if we could just see it.” Danny said, and went into one of his closed-eye moments. Then: “We’re fascinated by our paranormal fictions—all the teenage vampires, zombies, Harry Potter. Why? Is it because they take us in very human ways beyond our very real human limitations? But what if at our core reality, we’re not really humans, and we already have a beyond-human consciousness without limitations? That’s the true paranormal reality.  And when you find it, all the handsome vampires and the beautiful flying witches and wizards will seem kind of—plain.”
During a quiet moment, Jen Wright, from the YES circle, asked a question loudly, and a little sarcastically. “So, Danny—how will I know if I actually ever reach this Heavenly Mind?” 
I was bothered by the sarcastic toner, but Danny laughed unconcerned. “Simple. Your head will explode.” 
This produced a stunned reaction from the crowd. “And it will be a perfectly silent, beautiful, shimmering explosion. A heavenly bomb—your own H-Bomb—going off inside you. You’ll know it if it happens. You’ll know it forever.” 
He closed his eyes again in a weird pause (he did tell me later that these were “little internal journeys” while he waited for the words to spring up). He held his hands apart, like he was about to clap. “you practice headlessness…” As he talked his hands inched inwards and outwards, never quite completing a clap, but getting closer. “Over time headlessness weakens the obstructions of Head Mind. You can’t make it happen. It will seem an accident that comes out of nowhere. You’ll just get nearer and nearer until.” Snap! He brought his hands together with a loud crack. “Head Mind finally crashes and there’ll be a flash of total openness where Heavenly Mind explodes inside you. At that moment, you’ll see with God’s eyes.” There were gasps from the gathering, including Michelle and Sally. The YES kids stayed serious and seemed unimpressed. 
Danny sealed it by saying: “So next time you hold your hands like this, remember you’re also creating a symbol of that moment when you connect to Heavenly Mind.” He held his hands touching in prayer, and many others followed.
 
 
Chapter 14
 
Worries are banished
Future is freed. 
The Past, a corny old movie. (Why watch it twice?)
No time obstructions left,
The H-Bomb unleashes my pure energy.
And I act with the speed of clarity.
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Though I wasn’t understanding most of it myself, I was still in awe at the words Danny was speaking, as were so many of the other kids. It was like we were listening to some great teacher like the wizard from the Lord of the Rings movie or that guy Moses from the other movie. Danny had become a spellbinder, that’s for sure. And that’s why what happened next caught me off guard.  
Danny was explaining that flashes of Heavenly Mind can occur when we’re completely absorbed in something we’re good at—so absorbed that we disappear into the activity.  Artistic people, he said, could know this while getting lost in a drawing. Dancers could get the flash in a perfect pirouette. Or it could be the sudden insight that comes out of nowhere and gives you the answer to that impossible math problem you’d given up on. I think he gave me a wink as he said some “freaks of nature” could even find heavenly clarity in a good brawl. He said, “So bring dancing-mind, or drawing-mind, or fighting-mind to the other things you do—even the most boring chores like dishes or raking leaves. See if the humdrum doesn’t become a little magical. He turned to where some of the sports kids were sitting. “As for you athletic superstars, don’t you experience fantastic moments when—” 
He stopped and shouted with a wave of his hand, “Tim. Perfect timing. You can help me demonstrate.”
I spun to see Tim coming down the hill. He looked haggard, red-eyed again, and seemed to be stumbling. Wherever he’d been the last week, he hadn’t dried out. Danny was already off the hockey boards and walking up the hill towards Tim. He put out a hand for me to stay back, but I followed right behind. Michelle and Sally also rose, and several others. “Tim,” Danny said with sort of an admiring tone, “when you’re throwing one of your bullets and you know it’s going right to the mark, where are you in that second. Who are you?”  
Tim stood frozen. “What?” 
Danny said, “In the instant when you’re throwing a perfect pass, what happens in your head? Who are you?”
Tim was totally confused. “What are you talking about?”
Danny stood two feet in front of him, imitating the passing motion, and repeated: “Who are you when—” 
Michelle shouted, “He’s Heavenly Mind!” 
“Exactly!” Danny cheered. “Tim, get it? When—”
 “Crap!” Tim snarled and jerked toward Danny with swinging fists.  
And I swear, never even losing his smile, like it was part of a game, Danny side-stepped, grabbed Tim’s arm as it passed, and rolled into his middle, bringing him to the ground. Swift and final. It was one of the maneuvers we’d been working on in the little park, but which he’d always screwed up. Now, he’d nailed it like an expert—and he’d given Tim Hanson an embarrassing ass-dumping.
Tim was on his haunches, bewildered. A dozen kids surrounded him. “Wow,” someone whispered, “did you see that?” Danny’s arm reached out from among the onlookers to help Tim up. I darted forward to get between them, but a stiff tug pulled me from the back of my pants and someone said “Hold it, Joe.” I turned Frank Mitchell’s hand away, and shoved him off his feet—just as Tim hurled himself upwards at Danny again. Shouts erupted and everything collapsed in a mass of yelling, pushing kids. Danny was yanked immediately out of sight. I noticed it was Steve, who twisted his own back against Tim’s attack.  But it wasn’t necessary. Michelle and Sally and every other kid swarmed over Tim and brought him down in a tangle. As I flung smaller bodies left and right to get through, two voices in the middle of it were shrieking above the rest. Michelle shouting—“Damn you. Damn you. Damn you.” And Tim—spiking a fear into my mind I’d never be rid of—“You’re dead, Danny! Dead. You’re dead!” over and over, a voice of insanity. I got a single glimpse of Tim’s face struggling in the swarm—murderous. 
A deeper voice rang out behind me, “Stop this immediately!” It was Principal Steele, and then a large hand grasped my shoulder. I turned to see Coach Stevens. “Out of here, Joe,” he hollered at me face to face. “This is over.” 
The two men broke it up fast. Coach Stevens and Principal Steele were good sized adults, the coach in particular, and in seconds everyone was streaming back to school.  “It’s after two!” Principle Steele shouted. “Get to your classes now!”
Danny found me and pried my attention from looking for Frank who I was determined to bash for grabbing my pants.  “That was exciting,” he said, way too cheerily for me, as we followed the other students back to the school.  A number of them came up to Danny and told him what he’d done to Tim was amazing. They patted him on the back. They thanked him for the talk, and asked him to “please” do more. One unusual girl, on the heavy side, darted in, kissed him quick on the cheek and skittered away giggling to herself, “I just kissed Jesus.” Danny just laughed, but I was thinking it was a little weird. Another little guy, even smaller than Danny, approached him, slowly. It was hard to tell what he was going to do, which made me slightly nervous. But then he stopped and said with reverence, “Who are you?” 
I looked back to the hill.  It had cleared except for two discussions taking place. Michelle and Sally were confronting Principal Steele. Michelle’s hands were whipping around desperately trying to explain what had happened, while the principal’s hands stayed fixed to his hips. A few paces away, Coach Steven’s finger was shaking furiously in Tim’s face. Coach was shouting, and from what I could make of his expression—it didn’t look good for Tim. 
Danny pulled me through the door. “Don’t worry about it,” he said. “Michelle and Sally will be able to handle Principal Steele.” 
“It’s Tim I’m worried about, Danny. That was crazy. I don’t think there’s any guessing what he’ll do next.”
“Joe, don’t worry. I can take care of myself. Did you see what I did to him? I’m not worried.”
  “Danny, get serious. He’s half-crocked and you caught him by surprise. That’s not gonna happen again. I’m worried what he’ll do if he ever catches you without any of your protectors around.” I thought about the word protectors as I said it. What had once been me, was now…an army.
“Hey, calm down. Coach and Principal Steele are talking to Tim now. They’ll straighten it out. I think things are going well. What’d you think of my”—he grinned—“sermon?” 
The rest of the afternoon, the buzz about Danny spread through the corridors and classrooms. Some of it took the form of excited little conversations about the effects of the talk—“I suddenly felt everything vibrating around me.” Or “I felt my awareness expanding into the sky.” Or “I feel like I’m going to burst—I hope it lasts!” Then there was the other theme—“He fought off four people all at the same time.” “He moved with the speed of an angel.”And, “He has powers.” By the end of the day, even Mr. Tan had heard some of the buzz, and he questioned Danny about it in their regular discussion. Once they’d separated out fantasy from what really happened, leaving just the fact of Danny’s abnormal speed disabling Tim, Mr. Tan became interested in the physical changes Danny had been experiencing since his NDE. 
But while they talked, I pondered the very real threat that Tim had become—at least, in my mind. I knew things would never settle down with him now. Crazy and humiliated. He’d hated Danny to begin with. He blamed him for being caught cheating. He blamed him for Michelle dumping him. And now, getting totaled in front of so many kids, he’d be out for terminal revenge. And with his drinking and who knew what else, I put nothing past him. There was no way Danny could escape Tim forever. Not even with half the student body protecting him. Not even with his new fighting ability. (I looked up and Danny and Mr. Tan were saying something about ‘transcending the startle reflex’ and ‘unmediated, real time reactions’.) But the steely viciousness in Tim’s voice stuck in my brain—“You’re dead, Danny.” 
Danny eventually said to Mr. Tan, “Yeah, I agree, that poor guy really needs some professional help.” They were talking about Tim. Help? I couldn’t believe it, but I didn’t say anything. Danny and Mr. Tan couldn’t pull their heads out of the clouds long enough to recognize what they were really dealing with. A psycho. 
 
 
Chapter 15
 
Here’s a snippet from another bleacher conversation with Michelle—this time without Joe underneath.
   “Danny, where does awareness come from? Is it part of body or not?” 
 “Let’s test it. Can you sense a time when there was no body?”
 “Yes, of course.”
“Can you sense a time when there was no awareness?” 
“Well…no. I can’t.”
“Was it there three days ago?”
 “Yes.”
“Has it changed since then?”
 “No.”
 “Was it there two years ago? Or ten? Has it ever changed? Can you sense a time when it has not been watching everything…through a being called Michelle?”
“It feels like it’s always been there. The same as it is now.” 
“Go into the future a year or ten years—as your life goes through all kinds of changes.”
“It’s still the same. Danny, it doesn’t change! Is this a sense of my own soul?”
“I call it your Heavenly Mind. You can’t imagine that. You have to do it!”
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
After walking Danny all the way home that day—which was not our normal routine, but seemed necessary to me after the scare with Tim—I went the two extra blocks to Hambones to put in some hours at my cleaning job and earn a few extra bucks. Dad wasn’t there this time, which meant this was his day at the Cozy. 
My current task was painting the basement ceiling.  The way you’re supposed to do this is with a long handled roller, and you just dip it in the paint and walk from one end of the ceiling to the other. But ol’ Jerry didn’t have a roller and just told me to go ahead and use a brush and a ladder, even though it would take longer and cost him a little extra money. He seemed to be in somber mood anyway, and he said with a shrug, “No biggie, Joe. You do good work, and your dad is my best customer.” 
So I worked patch by patch across the ceiling, moving the ladder every couple of feet, oblivious to the time as I pondered the situation with Tim Hanson.
After a couple hours, Jerry came down with a bowl of pickled eggs and coffee. I sat on the bottom of the ladder and had dinner. I normally knew better than to ask questions about Jerry’s infantry days in Vietnam; Dad had warned me that the stitches in his shirt weren’t just from wear and tear—he’d seen some real fighting and wasn’t keen on discussing it. He also had one of those shock-lined, weathered faces that hinted he’d seen some terrible things. But I’d always been curious and tonight, as he leaning against the wall sipping his coffee, I said, “You must really like that shirt.”
He looked at me a second. At first, I thought he wouldn’t answer. Then he sighed, and said, “You want to know why?”
“Yeah.”
“Well,” he said, “it belonged to someone I was close to once.” A pained flutter ran over his face. “A guy named Max…who sacrificed his life…to save mine.” He explained how his closest friend all the way back to their boot camp days, a big guy named Max, in the course of a engagement had sprinted across some open ground to warn Jerry and two other fox hole mates of enemy soldiers approaching behind them. Max took two shots to the torso (Jerry pointed to some of the rips in his shirt) and collapsed ten yards from the hole. But before he died, he got his warning out. It saved their lives. Jerry believed the attack that followed would have surprised them and they’d all have been slaughtered—if it hadn’t been for Max making that deadly sprint. “He didn’t mean to get shot, but that’s the way it worked out for him to do what he thought was right, and he was prepared. I’ve never forgotten him. That’s why I wear this.”
All I could say was, “He must have been a brave guy.” Jerry didn’t say anything, but gave me the cheers gesture with his coffee cup and went upstairs to the bar. I spent the next hour completing the ceiling and at about 8:30 put the paint and ladder away.
 
Tim had to go. I’d finished pondering. I decided to get in a first strike, and quickly. If it meant getting expelled, or worse, I was going to beat him within an inch of his life. At the bare minimum put him in the hospital, but—if I could get away with it—in the ground. I could do a few years for teenage manslaughter. I figured if people go to wars prepared to sacrifice everything…right? Well, this was my war. The thought settled inside me. I no longer resented all the changes that had happened with Danny—his rise to high school prophet, the whole mystique of his teachings. I may not have understood any of it, but at least I now had a clear view of my role in the story. As I walked out of Hambones into the night, I felt good and full of purpose again.
 
A block away from home, it turned out that someone else had found a sense of purpose. A parked truck and a big SUV at either end of the street turned their lights on and squealed up the sidewalk on either side of me. Completely cut off, I decided to throw myself as violently as I could at the half-dozen goons and Tim as they leapt from the vehicles. My knuckles found plenty of skin and bones to smash, but there were more of them and I ended up pinned on all fours. As fists and bats began hammering, I heard new voices yelling off in the distance, and then one clear vicious voice saying, “You and Perkins are history.”
 
 
Chapter 16
 
A Goth girl, dressed in black with raincloud make-up, came up to me after the sermon and asked if headlessness could help her with her problems. I said, “What are your problems?”
She said: “I’m bored.”
I said: “If you can notice you’re bored, then boredom is outside you, and You are not Bored. It’s something you’re aware of. Carefully now—sink into that with headless awareness.”
She said: “And I’m angry.”
I said: “No difference. If you can notice the anger, then the anger is outside of you, not part of you. You can’t be angry. Just watch it from headless awareness.”
Back and forth we went, through body and feelings, thoughts and personality—peeling upon peeling, all in search of the un-centered awareness. 
Then suddenly she said: “Ahhhh… I see it now.”
And then I noticed something: “Wow! Is that a stud in your tongue?”
 
- From His Recorded Words
 
“Oh my, God! Did someone hit you with a sledgehammer?” 
“Calm down, Nurse Malkin. I just fell down some stairs. You got some aspirin?” 
It was 11:30 am the next day. After skipping morning classes, I went directly to the nurse’s office in the school’s admin unit for whatever medication I could get. She had a good sized mirror on one wall and I saw myself for the first time since the beating. My face was bruised and cut up. My chin was missing a chunk where it had hit the sidewalk. There were a couple walnut-sized bumps on my head. It could have been much worse. I’d been lucky. A minute after Tim and his crew tackled me onto the ground, Jerry Brunner and the other bar-flies came running out of  Hambones and chased them off. The old guys helped me walk home, and I downed a few shots of Dad’s whiskey and threw myself into bed. I could tell nothing was broken, and the scrapes and bruises were just inconveniences to me, but the bumps in my skull were producing of a devastating headache. The nurse felt a big one and said she thought I should go to the hospital. I lied and said I would, but did she have any aspirin for right now. She handed me one of those small give-away bottles, said: “No more than four at a time.”
 “Joe, you didn’t fall down any stairs. Who did this to you?”
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“Not going to tell me?”
I shook my head. I never tell on people as a rule—but especially not if I’m planning revenge. Nurse Malkin continued to mop up my cuts with alcohol swipes, sometimes not too gently—“Ouch!” and then Danny’s head passed by the window in the door. 
“Hey, Danny!” I shouted, figuring someone had seen me come into the nurse’s office and told him. But he must not have heard me since he didn’t come back. “Hey, Danny! In here.”
Nurse Malkin said, “Joe, he’s not here to see you.”
“No?”
She shook her head. “You didn’t hear it from me, but…” And she explained that he was here to talk to Principal Steele. Apparently some people were getting pretty riled up over the whole craze about Danny’s Way, especially after yesterday’s brawl on the hill—and especially Tim Hanson’s parents, who carry a lot of clout since, as nurse Malkin said with sarcasm, “ they’re such richy-rich pillars in the community.”  
“It was Tim started the fighting.” (And soon would pay for it, I thought.) “As for the other stuff, Danny doesn’t mean any harm with the things he’s saying. The guy died for a while for Christ’s sake. People are bound to be curious. They’re asking him questions. He’s answering.”
“I understand, Joe,” she said. “I’m sure it’s all very interesting and a very beautiful philosophy he’s preaching, but you know high school is for elbow grease, getting good grades, and getting into college. Some pretty influential people are getting worried about their kids getting distracted.”  
“Nurse Malken. That’s not his point. Danny isn’t suggesting that people let anything slide. He’s saying when you infuse those daily activities with this inner energy, you actually connect better, you do everything much, much better.” She stared at me a moment, her jaw unhinged. I understood, “Yeah, I’m getting into it a little myself.”
She finished up my face with a couple little bandages to my forehead.
“Hey,” I said, glancing out the window, “can I just hang here for a few minutes and wait for Danny?” 
She said okay.
I drank a glass of water and popped five or six of the aspirin while she wasn’t looking. I always take more medicine than they say to. About ten minutes later, the principal’s door opened and Danny come out. I met him outside.
Even though I’d cleaned up my face pretty good in Nurse Malkin’s office, Danny appeared concerned when he saw me. But I wasn’t going to let him. “Danny, don’t ask. Some problems at home with Dad. I took a few bucks from his wallet. He caught me. Don’t worry about it. What are you doing in the principal’s office?”
“I’ve been told I have to stop the talks”. 
“What?”
“Some people are telling their parents I think I’m Jesus.”  
“Oh. Are you?”
“No, of course not. Have I been saying that?”
“Hell no, but some kids are getting pretty caught up and they might be getting some weird ideas.”
“He told me he’d received a letter signed by the YES kids this morning asking him to put a stop to the gatherings. The letter calls me ‘sacrilegious’. They really called me that.”
“That’s a lie. Did Steve sign it?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t get to see the letter.”
“Well, you knew some kids wouldn’t get it. But that’s okay. So they won’t come anymore and you’ll set things straight with everyone else so there are no more crazy Jesus accusations.”
“I suggested that to Principal Steele. He didn’t care. He said, ‘No more talks.’”
“Screw ‘em. As long as we’re off grounds we’re fine.”
“He told me I couldn’t do that either because of the parents who are complaining.”
“What happens if we do it anyway?”
“He said expulsion, and maybe legal consequences.”
“He can’t do that. He’s bluffing.” 
“I wasn’t trying to change anyone’s beliefs, just show them something, a new way to explore.”
“This is ridiculous. I think we should just go straight at ‘em. Keep having the talks. No fear. Conan style.”
“I feel like I need to hurry, Joe.”
“You know what I think, Danny. We should hold another one right away. Why wait when we’re on a roll? Michelle can arrange it somewhere after hours, and off school property.”
“I didn’t expect any of this.”
“If you want to keep giving your talks, we’ll do it. We’ll find a way. The other kids don’t want you to stop. All that commotion afterwards? People practically cheering in the parking lot? And think about it—if someone as dense as me is starting to get it, it’s got to be worth spreading.”
 “I don’t think it’s my call anymore, Joe.”
“Trust me, Danny. More importantly, trust Michelle. She’s a real organizer. You do the teaching. Let her handle the set up. You think rock stars schedule their own concerts?”
“Michelle,” he said. “My agent?” 
“Yeah, that’s right. Your agent. You and Michelle can make it so big so fast no one will be able to stop it. Momentum, Danny. Nationwide. That’s your ticket.” I laughed, but I was also sort of serious. 
“Now you’re talking crazy.”
“You never know, little buddy. But listen up. Because now I’m not talking crazy.” I grabbed his shoulders. “You took a risk with Tim Hanson the other day. And I don’t think you’re seeing how dangerous he is. He’s crazy. I know that for sure now. I don’t think he has much left to lose anymore, and he’ll do anything. I think you’re safe in crowds, but if you’re alone, and you see him or any of his friends, you get away fast. Got me? I’m going to try and fix things. But in the meantime, stay away.”
“Okay,” he said. Then, “Where’d you really get these cuts and bruises?”
“I don’t want to talk about it. You know my dad. Sometimes it gets rough.”
He peered into me, and said, “Okay. I understand, Joe. I’ll be careful.”
He left to go outside and walk around the grounds and talk into his little recorder. He’d been doing that a lot recently. I’m sure he had a lot going through that inspired mind of his.
But I had lied. I was worried as hell about Principal Steele’s threats. I’ve been involved with legal actions before when my dad was brought to court by some city social worker because they thought he was neglecting me. It caused Dad and me a lot of grief for a long time. There were twenty minutes left in lunch hour and I had to find Michelle. I needed help now.
“Oh, no,” Michelle said when I told her. Her discussion with Principal Steele the other day had been a disaster. He was mad as hell at the complaints he was getting, and he was furious over the sermon on the hockey boards and the whole Tim incident—the “melee”, as he called it. She grabbed my hand and dragged me along. “Where are we going?”
“Mr. Tan.” 
I hurried with her.
We caught him in his office taping some pictures around a pyramid he’d drawn on the board—a picture of a Thanksgiving meal, a picture of a house and car, a church, a classroom full of kids, and the now-famous stick-figure of headless mind. He was excited and, while he worked on his board, he talked rapid-fire at us: “Hi guys, we’re going to try a new and improved Maslow’s ‘Hierarchy of Needs’ this week. I’m working in some of Danny’s Heavenly Mind concepts. I’m going to show the stages that might exist beyond self actualization, which, you know, is still a Head Mind concept. Of course, I can’t use terms like heavenly or headlessness. There are rumors it’s getting to be a touchy topic with administration.”
“Mr. Tan,” Michelle interrupted, frantic. “That’s why we’re here.” She explained what had just happened with Danny and Principle Steele.
He listened patiently, but his was forehead creased and un-creased the whole time. I was mumbling comments like, “He can’t get away with this”, “This isn’t right”, “He can’t stop us.” 
“Settle down now, Joe,” Mr. Tan finally said.
“Why should I?”
“Because you’re getting out of control, and you look like you’re getting into some other trouble as well.” He pointed at my damaged face. “So cool down. I’ll talk to Principal Steele myself.” 
“What can you tell him?” Michelle asked.
“I’ll tell him what I’ve seen from a purely professional perspective. I’ve been studying a lot about the transformative affects of NDE experiences and some of the research into expanded states of consciousness. It’s not unique to Danny. But he is expressing it in a unique way. What I can show Steele is that much of what Danny’s talking about has scientific validity. It’s worth studying, and we shouldn’t be discouraging it. Though we may want to guide the format a little better so people don’t get the wrong ideas, which you can see, creates the potential for problems.” 
“You believe Danny?” Michelle said.
“Do I believe, Joe?”
“He’s a total disciple, Michelle,” I said. 
Feeling better, Michelle and I thanked Mr. Tan and went to our respective classes. 
Later that day after psychology class ended, Mr. Tan came up to me and Danny. He said he had to skip the normal after-class discussion, because he had some research to do for a meeting he’d scheduled with Principal Steele first thing the next morning. 
“You heard I’ve been banned?” Danny asked.
He put his hand on Danny’s shoulder. “Don’t worry about it, young man. I believe in you and support you, and we’ll get him to believe in you and support you too. Okay?” 
Now, if a person like Mr. Tan had said that to me, I would have back-flipped. Danny said, almost indifferently: “Good luck, Mr. Tan”.  
 
 
Chapter 17
 
Relationships? Well, if you’re talking the girlfriend-boyfriend variety, I’m still working on it. But I can say this. In Head Mind, you never really know anyone, do you. You may know stuff about them—their physical features, likes and dislikes, their names, even their IQ. Because they’re your friend, your girlfriend or boyfriend, or even your worst enemy, you think you know them…but until you know them at the level of Heavenly Mind, you won’t know what connects you and them at the deepest level. Try to find the place where the energies join. How? I’ve told you. Practice headlessness—know yourself!”
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
Without the usual after class discussion with Mr. Tan, we were, for the first time in a long time, walking out of school at the same time everyone else did. As we crossed into the busy parking lot, I noticed some people about to come over, probably to pester Danny. He didn’t mind, but I was sick of it. Then a sporty red car pulled up beside us. From the driver’s window Sally Perkins told us to get in. 
“I don’t think so,” I said.
From the passenger side, Michelle’s head poked up over the car. “Get in.” Danny hopped in the back so I had to follow.
In her mirror, as she was driving out of the lot, Sally said, “There’s no cheerleading practice today so we’re going to the mall. Want to spend the a couple hours with us?”
“Naw,” I said.
“Sure,” Danny overrode.
“Well, just so long as you’re not emphasizing spend,” I said. 
“You’re pretty witty for a bad boy,” Sally said. 
“What can I do? You know I come from the wrong side of the tracks for people like you.” 
“Who the hell ever said that?” Sally snapped. 
“Joe, that’s not right,” Michelle said. “You know that’s not us.”
Danny threw me sideways glance and I just shrugged. I still hadn’t shared anything about Sally with him.
I lost some sourness on the way to mall. Sally, Michelle and Danny chatted about everything and anything not having to do with Danny’s teaching, the rumble on the hill, and other controversies involving Principal Steele, the Young Evangelicals, Mr. Tan, and such. Instead they talked normal stuff—the latest movies, TV shows, some stupid girl getting pregnant from that loser Steve Wylie, and then the football team’s terrible loss to East High the other night and then the big news—Tim being permanently benched after the screaming blowout with the Coach Stevens
“So no more football for Tim?” I said.
“Probably not,” said Michelle.
Sally added, with a mocking tone, “He’ll still have archery.” At that, we all started laughing.
 “Tim’s such a jerk,” Sally said, poking Michelle. “I can’t believe you ever went out with that loser.”  
“Sorry. I screwed up.”
“Moron,” Sally declared.
Michelle said, mostly to herself, “At the time I was thinking, head cheerleader, top football player—that makes sense. I should have learned from a friend’s experience about Tim.” She poked Sally’s arm. “I’m not the only moron.” She went on to explain how Tim had been going downhill for months, drinking all the time, cheating to get by in school, maybe taking pills. She finally summed it up: “He’s kind of a…psycho.”
I didn’t mention my own thoughts about the Tim situation. I was still fixed on my plans. 
Walking around the mall we got lost a few times. I’m sure this happens to other people now and then—wandering in and out of stores, coming out and then backtracking the wrong way—but it just kept happening to us, over and over, and as we doubled back on ourselves for probably the tenth time Sally started laughing so hard she had to sit down on a gigantic planter. Her eyes teared up and she said, “If we keep doing this, I’m going to pee my pants.”
During all of this I was trying to get a handle on Sally’s renewed friendliness. I didn’t want to say anything and push it; but it didn’t seem like she could just be slumming with me, either. We stopped at the food court for some burgers and fries and cokes. Sally pulled a chunk of ice out of her Big Gulp and held it on one of my head bumps, even though I’d already told them, “Don’t ask.” She said, “Well, whatever it was that got you this, stop it.” Then we went to one of those spoof movies that make fun of other movies. This one was making fun of all the vampire movies. I’d never seen a real teen vampire movie; Danny neither, but it was still funny. Unfortunately, I only had a few bucks on me, not enough for the movies. So Michelle and Sally covered the difference, saying they owed us. Sally added that if I wanted I could return the favor sometime. 
It was dark when we left the mall. Sally dropped off Michelle first. Her home was close to the mall, in a real nice neighborhood with lots of big houses with big yards and always a nice car, or two or three, in the driveway. This was pretty much how I figured they lived. My house didn’t have a driveway. Danny’s house had one, but it was all broken up and only came in about ten feet from the curb. The comparison was kind of embarrassing. 
“Sally, you know our neighborhood is kind of rough. You can just drop us off at school.” 
“Yeah,” Danny said. “We like to walk home.”
She shook her head. “Don’t be silly. Of course, I’ll take you home. Danny, where do you live?” 
After we dropped off Danny she asked me to come up front. I’m sure she was trying not to, but I could see her scanning warily as we drove through the crumbling streets, littered lawns, shabby houses and crummy bars. “Attractive, huh?” I said.
“It’s fine.’
“Hey thanks for everything,” I said at the curb. “This was fun, and definitely good time for Danny. Get him off some of these problems with Principal Steele.”
“He doesn’t seem too bothered to me,” she said.
“Well, for me then. It was good for me.” I got out the door. And then got a surprise, because she got out of her side too. We met in front, in the headlights.
“What do you want, Sally?” I asked.
She took one of my hands into hers. “I’m sorry I turned you down on the date. I was wrong.”
“You were right. I’m from the wrong side of town. That’s the truth. Sometimes I wish it weren’t. But it is. And Tim told me.”
“Told you what?”
“That you’re sort of…slumming with me.”
She screamed. “That asshole! That’s a lie. Why would you believe a shithead like him? Tim and I dated over a year ago. I dumped him. He was a jackass. Why do you think I tease Michelle about him? I know. He’s a monster.”
“Then why—”
“I don’t have a good reason, Joe. I panicked, that’s all. You’re a little different, and I just wasn’t there yet. I got scared. I was attracted once to someone who didn’t look dangerous, but they were. It’s taken me a while to understand that despite your rep, you’re not dangerous at all. Except when you’re protecting Danny, and that’s the good kind. I can see that now.”
“So it doesn’t matter now, me coming from—” and I swept my hand over the dump of my neighborhood.
“No.” She pressed in, wrapped her arms over my neck. We stood there for about fifteen minutes.
I didn’t invite Sally in. Dad might have been there, and I didn’t think she’d be ready for that. Just coming to this neighborhood, just kissing me, was a heck of a stretch for a girl like her. Seeing how Dad and I really lived—that could have been traumatic.
So she drove away, after saying, “Let’s talk tomorrow,” followed by one last kiss. I stumbled into the house, more unsteady on my feet, I think, than after Tim and his friends had jumped me. Dad was slumped on the couch, snoring his bullhorn snore, and I went to bed feeling better about a whole lot things. 
 
 
Chapter 18
 
This is to try and answer your question, Mr. Tan: How do I perceive the world? Okay, this is what I saw today. Though I doubt you’ll ever hear it…
In the morning the sun was lazy to rise. The stars outside the bedroom window hung on like diamonds in their brilliance, reflecting to each other in the pure language of light. There was no distance between them and no distance from awareness. Experience felt its way gently down a razor’s edge of joyful (and joyously painful) sensation, true feeling. And the absolute perfection of those diamonds in the sky. It pulses through perception: Intensity! Beauty! Brilliance! That is Heavenly Mind.
Sun is now up, soaking the world in Van Gogh light. Walking early to school, and the body carries heavenly awareness. There is delight in the ever-surprising world of beauty and silence, as awareness floats along (about five feet, five inches above the ground) down the yellow brick road of this now. A beautiful choir of tinkling triangles are found to be, ahhh…just the tweetings of birds in the trees. Hovering along an enchanted sidewalk, rolling to infinity. What a feeling! That is Heavenly Mind.
Now in class, the sixth session of the day. The answers come so easily, from the nowhere, without obstacles. The strain of narrowed concentration isn’t there. But the answers remain unspoken. So much more fun watching others raise their hands. They are shiny and perfect, like those stars in the sky, beaming in the moment: embarrassed or eager; right or wrong; happy or sad. All in the same heavenly space. While in front Mr. Tan, you just radiate with your smile like another smiling Sun warming the world. Heaven in a high school classroom—who would believe it?
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
 
The next morning prior to first bell I was on hands and knees crawling desperately through sprawling dark tunnels—that’s how Conan would have described it from one of his labyrinth adventures. I had returned to the air ducts. And I was late.
My memory of the lay-out wasn’t as accurate as I thought it was and I took a wrong turn somewhere, consequently getting lost for half an hour before finally finding the grate above Principal Steele’s office.
Principal Steele was behind his desk. Scattered on top were a couple of posters with “Danny is the Way” headings and headless stick figures. Mr. Tan was sitting across from him. Apparently they had already had some discussion because the latest and greatest of Mr. Tan’s and Danny’s pictures was on the white board, with lots of notes. It must have been quite a lecture. I was glad I missed it. 
Principal Steele rubbed his fingers through his hair and sighed. “So what you’re saying, Kyle, is that these pictures and so-called teachings of Danny Perkins can actually be tied to studies within this ‘transpersonal psychology’ field?”
“Right, Bob. It’s the study of human consciousness, its levels, how it develops, how it transforms human perception. There’s a lot going on there right now. And Danny appears to have an intuitive insight into some of the most advanced research that’s currently being done with higher states of consciousness. It’s really stunning. All on his own he’s developed a practical experiment to initiate expanded states of consciousness. More than that, I believe for him, it’s actually a permanent state.”
“That’s a big deal in you opinion?”
“It’s huge, Bob! We’re talking one in a million here. And to find someone like this so young—untainted, so to speak? Bob, this should be studied, the same as you might study a unique prodigy in math or art.”
 “I’ll be honest, Kyle, I’m not sure about any of this transpersonal stuff. But I’ll tell you, when John Stevens and I saw Danny take down Tim Hanson the other day…well, something is happening with that boy.”
“Yes, I heard; and we talked about it. I wish I’d seen it. The scientific explanation is that Danny’s reflexes have speeded up significantly since his…transformation. He no longer has a normal startle reflex to slow him down. He responds without egoic mediation. It’s astounding, Bob…if what I think has happened to Danny, has in fact happened.”
“I’ll confess, it reminded me of…one of my guilty pleasures is watching old samurai movies. You know the kind…where everything is perfectly calm in one scene, and then the wrong word is spoken and swords flash, a couple heads get cut off, and then everything’s back to normal. I’ll bet he’d really excel at a martial art.”
Mr. Tan chuckled. “Well, yes. Danny described it to me himself as acting with the speed of clarity. But that’s a side issue.”
“Speed of clarity, huh? Some of the students apparently believe he’s developed super powers.” 
“Yes, and that gets to the problem I see evolving. Some of them may be taking this to an unhealthy level. He’s become a new kind of hero. And that’s where you get the danger of cult behavior.”
“They’re not mature enough for, uh, Danny’s transpersonal teachings?” Principal Steele asked.
“I don’t think so.”
 “Then you agree we do need to put a stop to these gatherings.”
“Yes.”
“Oh, my God,” I whispered to myself. Mr. Tan was betraying us.
“What do you propose?” Principal Steele asked.
“I’ve got an old friend who works at school specifically for child prodigies in Ojai. It’s one of the better known centers, and they handle all kinds of these young geniuses who excel at music, science, and math. Danny would be the only one of his kind, a transpersonal prodigy. But my friend and I share some ideas on this, and he thinks he can bring Danny on. He’ll get a full ride. That’s the way it works. And with his family’s financial situation, it should be a great opportunity. I would think they’d jump at it.”
“Ojai? Where’s Ojai?”
“California.”
“Shit,” I swore out loud, then slithered back with my head down.
They paused for a minute, probably looking around for the odd noise. I hung back from the grate, held my breath and listened. Eventually Principal Steele said, “You’re right, his family will jump at it. I’ve spoken to them and they’re worried he’s going crazy. They put a lot of hopes into that boy, you know. This will also get all these complaining parents off my back.”
“The Hansons? I’ve heard.”
“No, I haven’t heard anything from the Hansons except they’re sending that reprobate son of theirs to military school. Frankly, the pressure is coming from Michelle Connelly’s parents.”
“The Connellys?”
“Yes, apparently Danny had some relationship with Michelle’s aunt, who was dying of cancer in the hospital where Danny recovered. It seemed healthy at the time, but now they’d like to see Michelle get her focus back…studying and her other activities.”  
My knuckles nearly snapped as I clenched my skull. Just when things were resolving for the better, it was all falling apart again. And Michelle’s parents were the cause. I crawled to a vertical shaft to sit up and catch my breath. There was no one left to turn to. I got on my hands and knees, left the way I came in.
 
 
Chapter 19
 
Why is there something instead of nothing? Why all the shapes and forms and color, and all the rest of manifest world? And why life? Why You instead of Not-you? What is the Big Truth? Only the space of no-thought answers those questions. The space of the all-ancient, all-knowing-truth that goes simply: “I am Heavenly Mind. I create myself.” 
 
-  From His Recorded Words
 
I couldn’t find Danny at lunch, but Michelle was sitting with Sally in a corner of the cafeteria. They had kids around them, the ones who’d been attending Danny’s talks from the beginning. I stood back, still panting from what I had just heard in Principal Steele’s office. The kids all nodded and walked away like they were on a mission. I approached Sally and Michelle, not knowing quite what to say.
“Guess what? We’re getting another gathering after school,” Michelle said. 
“Way out in Hillside Park,” Sally said. “So they can’t get upset because it won’t be on school grounds.”
I just said, “Sure.” Hillside Park was about a mile from the school. It was a huge outdoor preserve, mostly wooded and very hilly with hiking paths and bike trails winding through it, even some small lakes. You could get lost there. I hadn’t seen it in years, but I’m not really outdoorsy. 
Sally said, “Are you okay? You look—are you upset about something?”
“I don’t know, Sally.” 
“This is going to work out,” she said, putting her hand over mine. “We’re going to make sure everyone understands what’s going on with Principal Steele and get their help to convince him to let Danny continue. We’ll drive there after school. Don’t worry.”
I didn’t have the heart to tell them how wrong they were, not with all the excitement in their faces. Mr. Tan had betrayed us, though his intentions were good. Michelle’s parents had betrayed us—and I could barely look at her, even though she obviously wasn’t aware of it. But I couldn’t tell them now. I didn’t want to throw in the wrench that would destroy all their enthusiasm. Not yet. I’d wait until after Danny’s next—and probably last—talk. 
 Michelle said she’d seen Danny walking by himself around the football field with the recorder. I went outside under the bleachers and watched him slowly pacing and talking into it—spilling his deep thoughts, the ones that none of us knew about.
Mr. Tan was really chipper in class that day. Of course, in his mind, everything was working out for the best. A special school just for Danny? One in a million? But I started thinking: Mr. Tan wasn’t kidding, he really thought Danny was a genius of some sort. And also, here was the full-proof solution to the Tim problem. Get Danny away, get him safe. I felt like smacking myself in the forehead. I hadn’t seen it. As long as we could keep Tim at bay until Danny went to his new school. And I didn’t need to sacrifice myself anymore to a possible prison sentence, though I was willing to pay the price. Just had to keep Danny safe until then.
And what the hell? I was pretty sure I’d get on the bike and visit Danny, maybe even for keeps. It would hardly be running away—Dad wouldn’t care. And I’d heard California was nice. I had a lot of experience working in bars; I was sure there were plenty of those in California. And then there was Sally to consider.
When the bell rang, Mr. Tan pulled Danny to the side as the other kids left the room. He said his talk with Principal Steele had gone perfectly. “I can’t tell you yet. But I think you’ll be pleased with the outcome. I’m proud of you, young man.” I figured he would miss Danny too. It would have to be hard to send away your favorite pupil. I hoped he wasn’t noticing my glare.
We met Sally and Michelle at the red sports car. The fastest way to Highland Park was highway 686 for about half a mile—Sally zipped through the spotty pre-rush hour traffic—then, through the high overpass that went under one end of park, then a quick left onto the off ramp which circles almost directly into the main lot. Other cars were arriving as we got there.
Off the parking lot was a playground with swing sets, a slide, one of those wooden climbing contraptions, and some monkey bars. We sat on the swing sets, Danny and me on one side and Sally and Michelle facing us on the other. “What are you going to talk about today?” Michelle asked.
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?” Michelle asked.
“I never know.”
“You can’t possibly make it up as you go along,” Sally said.
“Not exactly. I just let myself go quiet and it comes out. I really can’t tell you what I’m going to say. When it’s over I sometimes don’t know what I said.” 
The girls went silent, and I said sarcastically, “Girls, didn’t you know. He’s got an iPhone to God.”
“I guess it’s a little weird,” Danny admitted. 
Sally and Michelle exchanged glances. You could see the mystery of Danny growing in their minds. Though I’m sure that wasn’t his intention.
More kids walked onto the field. Some came over to say hi, some gathered into small groups, or sat on the other equipment. I noticed Steve Kinney coming my way. Jen wasn’t with him this time. He came directly to me and said, “Got a minute?” Steve and I left Michelle and Sally and Danny chatting on their swings as other kids gathered around.
“Pretty nasty, what your little religious crew did, signing a protest letter to Steele,” I said.
“I’m sorry about that, Joe. I told them not to, but some—a few, really—are just hard core about this stuff. They think Danny is a threat. Myself, I don’t get the hostility. I think a lot of what he says is…good. I was going to ask him to sit down with some of us later this week and talk about we believe in common. You’ll notice Jen isn’t with me.” He shrugged and I got the impression they’d had a falling out. 
“She signed?”
“Yep.” 
“Okay, Steve. Thanks for telling me. I think most of this stuff will work itself out.”
“Yeah, I hope so.” He faced me straight. “Listen, Joe. I’ve had to walk away from Tim. We‘ve been friends since grade school. But after that stunt he pulled and other things—I’ve walked away. He’s nuts. And I think he’s dangerous. Do you understand?”
“Yeah,” I sighed. “I’ve got to keep a clear eye out for Tim and make sure Danny’s always surrounded. Trust me, I know.” He stared at my face, and I think he figured out who’d given me the bruises. 
“I’ll watch out for Danny too, Joe.” He gave me a knuckle-wrap in the middle of my chest, like he used to when we played football together.
I turned and walked back to the swing set. Pete Marcela was there, chatting it up with Danny. He got up when he saw me coming. He didn’t have to. I wouldn’t have taken his seat from him. A month or two earlier I might have, but not anymore.
As a crowd of twenty or so kids gathered, fewer than before, which Danny had predicted, Michelle started to organize. We didn’t have a hill for everyone to sit on like the sermon on the hockey boards, so she pointed at the monkey bars and said to Danny, “What do you think?”
“Sermon on the Monkey Bars?” he said. “I don’t think so. Let’s just walk through the forest.”
“As a group?”
“Sure. It’ll be good that way.”
Danny proceeded to sweep through the crowd and they gathered behind him and into the forest. I doubt if anyone who was there will ever forget that last sunny afternoon when Danny walked and taught through the woods. I’ve tried. In school lore it’s known as the Bloody Sermon.
He’d found a trail that was fairly wide and open so the sun came down and made the trees along either side bright with the fall leaves, red and yellow. He said he wasn’t going to teach as much—he just wanted people to walk in headlessness through the trees and the fluttering leaves and allow it all to flow by in smooth silence. Michelle and Sally and I were up front with Danny initially, but he kept slipping away and popping up in different parts of the moving crowd, talking about his own perceptions: “Let go of the imaginary control center in the head...Feel the boundary of body become hazy and merge into everything you see around you…Try it with one eye closed…Imagine you’re walking six inches off the ground…” It was mostly very calm. Occasionally Michelle would glance up into the woods but I couldn’t see what she was looking at. When I finally asked her what was up, she said it was probably just a deer. We all knew there are a lot of deer in Highland Park.
We’d gone a long ways, probably for an hour or two, not running into many people, but those that did see us must have gawked at this group of wandering silent teenagers. I felt myself calming down. It was all for the best, the things I hadn’t yet told Danny were going to happen. Danny was as real as Mr. Tan had said, and I had been a part of it, and I’d join him sometime wherever it all took him. I wasn’t even sure I should tell anyone. Just let it happen.
“What the hell is that thing?” Michelle said sharply. 
Beside her, Danny and I looked to where her head was pointed. There was something moving in the woods on a hill. The setting sun allowed a clearer view and a figure emerged, sticking out among the red and yellow of the trees. 
 “Danny, get down!” Michelle screamed, jumping in front. I rushed to cover him; I’d seen it too. I slammed Danny down to the ground, and Michelle jerked backwards into me. I caught her in my arms and someone screamed. Her head was turned to me, two brown, dead eyes, an arrow through her forehead. “Danny!” I hollered throwing myself over him, as pain ripped into my shoulder. I got up and barked, “Get him out of here.” Steve started hauling him away, amidst the screaming and scrambling. Sally pointed at my shoulder. She screamed, “Joe, you’re—”. I glanced down, immediately snapped off the back end of an arrow shaft protruding below my shoulder blade. I charged up the hill. The shooter was running.  
The ground was rugged with rocks, fallen logs and bushes. I could feel the arrow sticking out of the back of my shoulder, but there was no way to pull it out, and I wasn’t going to lose him. I barely had him in my sight, when he stumbled and fell. I had nearly closed the ground between us when he got up again, but I’d seen his face this time. Tim. I whispered to myself as I followed, “Get him, get him…” His shirt trailed behind him just a few feet in front of me. I lurched and grabbed it. We both crashed forward, rolled and struggled down the hill, landing a few feet short of the railing over the highway overpass. The sounds of busy rush hour traffic came up from below. We got up struggling. He punched me in the chest, but I stood solid. He was snarling rage, high as a kite. I made my decision: No more. Holding fast to his sides, I began pushing him backwards, even as his fists came up into my face, striking blows, splitting my nose. Kids were now yelling behind us and I heard the growing sound of the cars below, and I just kept pushing towards that sound: No more. Slowly I got his hips against the railing, fists flailing into me. I stared into his face. His eyes went wide. “Goodbye, Tim.” I shoved him over.
He shrieked down and thudded off the top of a car. If he didn’t break his neck in the fall, one of the fast-moving cars would kill him in the next second or two in the dim light. I watched from above. Then another figure dropped into the highway from the opposite side and shot across the traffic. “Danny, get out of there!” He caught Tim staggering in his middle, cars swerving wildly around them, and pushed him backwards into an embankment out of danger. I ran around the railing and slid. They were just below me. Danny was crouching over Tim. I was just about there. 
“No!” Tim suddenly shouted and rising up shoved Danny backwards. A car squealed as it hit him, smacking his body back into the embankment. 
I reached him in tears. His eyes were battered dark blue. One of his legs was bent in the wrong direction. I put my hand behind his head, hearing screaming behind me, the sounds of slamming breaks. “Why did you do that, Danny? Why did you do that?”
I just sat there holding him, smoothing his hair back. Suddenly Tori Muskat was next to me. She leaned in and put her mouth over his and began mouth to mouth. “Help him,” I muttered.
In the background, there was shouting and sirens and red lights. I never looked up from Danny. Suddenly he gurgled blood into the Tori’s face. His eyes opened. “Joe,” he whispered.
“Here buddy,” I leaned in close. “I’m here.”
“Sorry about this.”
“It’s okay buddy. Everything is going to be fine. Help’s coming.”
“Don’t hurt anyone, Joe. It won’t help. But I have to go now.”
“No, don’t! Don’t go anywhere. There’s help coming. Hold on.” In the background I could hear directions being shouted, “Over here!” “Over here!” 
He whispered, “Take the recorder. It’s in my pocket. Listen to it someday. I think it’s almost filled up.” He smiled. “You’ll be okay.”
I pulled the recorder from his pocket and stuck it in my own never leaving his gaze.
 “Look in my eyes,” he gasped. “Be the last thing I see.”
Even in this awful moment, his eyes were still so bright and peaceful. Everything melted away. For an eye-blink, there was just me and Danny in a warm, perfect space—not two people, one person, seeing itself in a mirror. He knew it. “That’s it, Joe. That’s where we meet forever.” The smile faded. The eyes closed and a sharp breath came out. Behind me Tori screamed “No!” and two guys in uniforms brushed me aside to work on Danny’s body. But I knew it was over.
I stood up and everything went silent. People were screaming, sirens were blaring, ambulance lights were pulsing red. But I only heard silence. Everything slowed down. I couldn’t imagine what a thought was—I just saw it all, amazingly still, amazingly quiet, and nothing bothered me. I whispered, “Goodbye.”
Three police were walking towards me. Beyond them a paramedic was tending to Tim in the back of an ambulance. They say I flattened everything in my path, including the police officers, and that I practically flew over a car after throwing Steve Kinney–who tried to stop me—through the windshield. I even cast aside a horrified Sally. I’m glad I don’t remember that part too clearly. When I felt Tim’s neck in my hands I knew I could break it with a twist. We locked stares. He knew it was his turn. But instead of a life I wanted to squeeze out of existence, for a moment, I saw the same life I’d seen in Danny, just before—I let go for just a second. Police grabbed me from every side. I didn’t struggle. I had the recorder. I’d be okay, whatever happened. 
 
 
Epilogue
 
In the few seconds it took for Steve to get in his truck and start the engine, I’d decided I wasn’t going to their little church, wasn’t interested in seeing how they “celebrated” Danny. I remembered Danny’s own reaction to being worshipped—degrading.
I’m free now, I thought. And for the first time, I was glad something had stopped me from killing Tim that day. I’d still be in jail if that had happened. I thanked Danny in my mind. I thanked him for stopping me.
I followed the truck to the first stop light.  When Steve turned right, I turned left, and even as the kids in the back started banging to get Steve’s attention, I gunned it and got away fast. I had another destination on my mind. Far away. Dad wouldn’t mind.
On the open highway, I felt the recorder in my pocket, fidgeted out the ear plug and stuck it in. I hadn’t listened to it yet. I’d been afraid to. But I’d have plenty of time on my trip to California, and now I wanted to understand…Danny’s Mind. 
 
 
THE END
 
 
Commentary on Danny’s Spiritual Cosmology
The concepts of Heavenly Mind (e.g., nirvana or Christ consciousness), Head Mind (ego or the “small I”), and the practice of headlessness (meditation) are thousands of years old and have their correspondents in the mystical traditions in all the world religions, as well as modern transpersonal psychology.  For those further interested in the topic of higher levels of human consciousness, the greatest influences from my personal two decade study include the following.  The ancients: Lao Tzu, the Zen Masters, and three very readable medieval Christian monks, Meister Eckhart, Saint Theresa, and the anonymous author of the Cloud of Unknowing. From the 20th century and today: Krishnamurti, Ken Wilber, Eckhart Tolle, Charlotte Joko Beck, Byron Katie, Adysahanti, Deepak Chopra, and D.E. Harding.  The full list would include hundreds. 
The meditative practice of headlessness occurs in all the religious traditions, though not always in the same language. The Zen Masters advocated “chopping off the head” and “looking from the back of the head”.  Krishnamurti practiced “seeing with the whole head”. Emerson has the extraordinary passage, “I am become a transparent eyeball. I am nothing. I see all.”  D. E. Harding is a modern explainer of headless practice, building seamlessly upon the ancient wisdom techniques. Any works by these authors are recommended.
In the end Danny’s Mind is simply one response to the question, if it were possible for a teenage Jesus or an adolescent Buddha to appear today in a modern high school, what might he say? What powers and insights might he awaken?
 
 
Before You Go
 
If you go to the final page Kindle will give you an opportunity to rate this story and share your thoughts on Facebook and Twitter. If you believe Danny’s Mind is worth sharing, please take a few seconds to tell your friends. 
 
Additionally, if you wish to see published the full Journal of Danny Perkins (it exists), or if you have other comments, I would love to hear from you at:  James_Bailie@rocketemail.com   Thanks.  And have a great life.  Have a fantastic life. 
James Bailie
 
 
 
 
 
About the Author:   James Bailie is a corporate manager, author, and decades-long student of the spiritual arts. Through tightly-written, intelligent, “four-study-hall-reads” his goal in writing is to bring the reader into the lives of people unusual or unlikely, and hopefully make them friends. 
 
 
 
