




Moonstars
a novel
by Genia Stemper

Published by Genia Stemper at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 Genia Stemper
Discover other novels by Genia Stemper at Smashwords.com
A Timely Death
Rest Upon the Wind
The Eco Boys




Late Spring
Wren
My parents weren’t even stoned when they named me.  They just happen to like birds.  I suppose I’m lucky they didn’t name me Towhee, or Finch, or Hawk.  A Finch, so common, a Hawk so predatory and a Towhee so plump and cheerful.  I don’t know the characteristics of a Wren firsthand, so I was especially interested when a pair of them set up shop in a birdhouse I had painted during one of my crafty phases. 
 These phases are always short lived, and I am left with a bin of half used supplies.  The birdhouse was a last ditch effort at something creative before the baby arrives, so in an all out effort to get rid of my supplies, I went to town on this little house. Left over paints of every color.  Blues and golds.  Stripes of turquoise and pink polka dots.  Frequently I have the urge to be creative and I am always a bit disgusted by the amateurish and somewhat garish results.  This little creation is no exception.  These are some daring birds, I think, admiring their gumption as they set up house.  
I watch them for weeks, flitting about with their long narrow tails balancing their round bodies.  I lay out a few pieces of blue lint from my dryer and some fluffy hair from brushing the dog, which seems to be enough for them.  They are industrious, hard working and cheerful.  I wish this were how I saw myself, aptly named, but it isn’t.  It is the “just happy to be here” part I struggle with.  There must be more.  More that I can contribute.  I can’t possibly be filling a space large enough for an entire human being.
The wrens are happy with their place in the world and their new exotic digs in the jasmine vines. They settle in along the side of my house and it isn’t long before they procreate.  Three little chicks chirping their spring song.    The three chicks sing a soft, almost whining sound that I find soothing, reaffirming of the miracles in the world.  I wonder if it grates on the parent’s nerves and if they would do anything to just make it stop.  They jump around, looking for spiders, ants, anything to quell the noise of their needy offspring.
The next day I open the French doors and listen for them.  The wind has picked up and brings a late spring chill with it.  I figure they must be all hunkered down in their little nest, safe in their cozy home.  But when I peer in, careful not to get too close, I see that they are gone.  The nest, still perfect in its artistic form:  Feathers, lint, twigs, fur.  Textures, colors, warmth, all perfectly rendered, once a home, is now a mini ghost town.   

“Rats,” Jason says as he sits, watching the sports highlights. 
“Feet,” I say, tugging on the blanket where he has propped his dirty work boots. He sighs and lifts his feet so I can snuggle beside him on the couch.  
“What do you mean, 'rats'?”  I think I know what he means, but I need to make sure, like slowing down to see a wreck.  You know what you’ll find, but you have to be sure.
“They sneak in and eat the babies.  The adult birds just go somewhere else.” He takes another swig of beer, his eyes remaining on the television.
“But do they know what happened?  The parents?  What do they think happened?  How can they just leave without knowing?”
He stops and looks at me, incredulous at my mounting hysteria over the birds.  “They just go somewhere else and start over.  Move out of the dangerous slum.”
I kick him playfully in the shin.  I mean for it to be playful, I think, but it is a bit too hard.  He looks at me as if to say, “What’s gotten into you?”  
“Those rats are murderers,” I say.  “I hate them.” I know I sound impractical and pouty.
“Everyone’s gotta eat,” he says.  “What’s for dinner?”  
“Tacos,” I sigh.  With beef, procured by the slaughtering of some poor cow.  I push this thought to the back of my mind.  I need to eat.  The baby needs iron and protein, and I always seem to have a craving for Mexican food lately.  “You gonna help?” I ask.  
Jason looks from me to the TV and begrudgingly starts to heave himself out of the leather recliner.
“It’s ok,” I say.  Don’t bother.  Why bother?

I quit my job in public relations when my trips to the ladies room to vomit began to put a damper on my work.  I feel like I should miss it.  The people, the power, the respect.  But what I remember the most, and will be happy not to live with again, are the glaring fluorescent lights, my head always on that cliff before a migraine, the leering sales guys that would look at my swollen belly as if they were picturing the event that led me to this state.  But worst of all were those random days between projects when there was nothing to do.  Of course we had to pretend we were busy.  Checking e-mail every hour, drinking lots of water, researching, but not really finding anything of importance, spending half of the day walking back and forth to the bathroom.  Those days were never ending.  It was incomprehensible to me that I couldn’t just go home when my job was completed for the day.  Usually I was there well past seven or eight o’clock.  I could still smell the stale coffee and the industrial carpet, and feel the cold steel chairs. A modern little prison.  No, I wouldn't be missing work.  
Jason is in construction.  He and his brother own a business together.  I always tried to look at it as if he had the capability to move up and earn more.  But he refuses to advertise, saying they can barely handle the workload as it is. 
“So hire more people,” I tell him.  I could get some curtains; we could replace the shabby carpet.  I think these things but don’t say them.  It isn’t worth the same old argument.
“For what?” he always says.  “More work equals more headaches.  I have everything I could ever want right here.”  And so he and his brother employ a couple of guys on and off, depending on the weather.  They get just enough work to get by.  It drives me crazy that he is perfectly happy to shower, eat, work, sleep and have sex.  That is all he needs. Well, and he needs his buddies, and TV, and of course, beer.  He is actually in his own little heaven.  Same thing tomorrow.  Second verse, same as the first.  I don’t understand how he doesn’t have dreams, desires, places he wants to see, things he needs to do. I don't understand how I didn't notice our differences before we were married. 
I’ve over salted the ground beef, just the way I like it.  Jason won’t, but then, he isn’t in here helping, so I don’t really care.  I daydream as I assemble dinner and wonder how I know the baby will be a boy.  At eight months along, I thought I would be content to play house and create a warm nest.  But I am anxious and excited and don’t think I’ll ever actually get to the day where I give birth and have my little baby in my arms.  My feet are killing me as is my lower back.  I hear Jason laughing at a sit-com.  Resentment oozes from my pores as I quickly put the tacos together.  Maybe food will make me feel better.
We are quiet at dinner except for Laska begging in her funny Malamute voice, and being that I feel she is the only one giving me attention, I can't resist giving her a piece of cheese.
"Don't do that," Jason reprimands me, as if I'm a child.
I shrug, knowing he is right, not really caring. "I'm going to Mom and Dad's tomorrow," I say, surprising myself. He raises his brows at me questioningly. "What?" I ask. "It's only an hour from here, and we haven't seen them for a while." I wait for him to give his assent. "You won't even be here this weekend with that job you have to work on. If you are here, you'll be tired. I just need a few days to gather some strength before the baby comes."
I know I have him when I say "the baby." He won't argue that. I soften a bit, knowing that the break really will be good for me. Mom will cook, and I'll just laze around. No cares in the world. "You'll have plenty of leftovers to eat," I say. "And you can have the remote all to yourself." He nods, picturing himself with food on the couch. He won't even know I'm gone.

I decide to leave after dinner and arrive at Mom and Dad's around 8pm. There was no point in hanging around and watching Jason watch TV.  The fog is coming in and Laska and I quickly let us in when there is no answer at the door. I plop my bag down in the entryway and go to peruse the living room, looking at Dad's new photographs and picking up and turning over Mom's new books. The doorbell startles me and I rush to see who it could be.  I hold back Laska with my leg and peer through the peep hole to find two men in military uniform.
I've already started crying as I ease open the door.
“Ma’am,” the tall one says and takes off his hat.  My hand flies to my heart.  One of them nods.  They seem to move in slow motion and my fears are confirmed.  It is at this moment that I picture Sean in his army uniform.  His bright smile and warm embrace before he said goodbye.  What was the last thing he saw? Atrocity?  The caring look from a friend?  And then I know, see it in a flash, the way I often know things about Sean.  I feel the heat of the desert sun, and the gritty sand in the back of my throat.  And then nothing.
“May we come in?”
  I step aside and motion them inside.  

My brother was single, thank goodness.  It helps somehow, knowing he didn’t leave a wife and children behind. He was six years younger than I am.  Only nineteen when the nightmare in Iraq claimed his life. The Humvee he was riding in was demolished by a roadside bomb.  IED they call it.  Improvised explosive device.  It makes me seethe, that word, improvised, as if someone was just messing around, hooking up random wires, hoping it would do the job of blowing my brother into pieces.  One second he was there, the next he wasn’t. 
Mom and Dad must be out to dinner still.  I am shaking and through silent tears I ask the men if they want to sit. I notice their questioning looks at each other. They don’t want to wait. They have families of their own, dinner on the table. They need to get back to the routine of living. It dawns on me what I had forgotten earlier. Friday night Mom and Dad always go to the Crab Shack.  I say this out loud, as if the soldiers care. "They’ll never be able to eat crab again," I say. I realize I sound insane. "They'll be back any minute," I say, my eyes pleading with them to stay. I don't want to be the one to break the news. We wait. I try Mom’s cell but she doesn’t answer and I hear it ringing from somewhere inside the house.  I shrug my apology to the men.
Mom and I have had this conversation before.  
“Why have a cell phone if you’re going to leave it on the kitchen counter?” I ask her.  “It’s for emergencies,” she always says.  Obviously she is counting on being the one having an emergency and needing to place a call, not the other way around.
 The officers look defeated and now don’t seem to have anywhere else to go.  Where do they find these guys?  The ones willing to spread bad news.  They are the embodiment of the grim reaper, I think. But then, I more rationally realize they are only messengers, and I feel sorry for them.  Suddenly the house seems claustrophobic and I need fresh air. We go out to the backyard and I carefully climb the hill to the chair swing by the willow tree.  The men sit on the porch below, table and chairs, a sturdy place for sturdy men. I motion to them when I see the headlights swing over the trees above, the signal of my parent's arrival. 
The men rise and move back through the sliding door and into the house. I wait, postponing the inevitable. The baby is quiet in my womb as I swing and I figure that I’ve put him to sleep.  I stand and stretch, expecting a roll of elbows and knees protesting at my change in position.  But all is quiet.  I stretch some more, wait for the reassuring kick that always comes.  I sit again, motionless, in tune with his movements, or lack thereof. 
 It strikes me now that the baby is gone.  When I heard of Sean’s death, a part of me died.  In this case, a literal part, and I can picture the baby, his heart stopping from the shock of the grief racing through my bloodstream.  I sigh.  It's getting late and I’m exhausted and raw. The baby is fine, just sleeping soundly.  Softly, I push the damp earth with my bare feet, pushing the swing back into motion.  I remember that the grass that Mom planted in the shade of the tree is called Baby Tears. Baby Tears, Weeping Willow, Mourning Doves.  Nature joins me in my sorrow.

Nothing surprises me in the way my parents react to Sean’s death.  I feel outside myself, as if I am watching a movie that is so realistic it makes my heart hurt.  It makes me want to turn away, stop and rewind, anything to not witness the primal pain.  Dad is stoic, eyes red, unspoken tears.  Mom sobs and howls and doesn’t know what to do with herself.  I would give anything to lie on the ground in a fetal position.  This is too hard.  

I go into labor two weeks early, three days after Sean’s death.  I haven’t yet picked a name out for him, and I am sidetracked thinking of what his name should be as I do what the nurses tell me to do.  It is as if he wanted to come out, and then changed his mind and decided to stay safely inside of me.   But we don’t have a choice, this baby and I, so I push until the blood vessels in my eyes burst and my voice becomes hoarse from grunting. 
And now, the room is moving in fast forward.  I catch the glance the nurse gives the doctor.  Something isn’t right.  Within minutes the room is abuzz with tense tones.  
“What’s wrong?” I ask, looking to Jason for help.
“Nothing.  They’re just taking the baby for some tests.”
“What tests?” I ask him.
“I don’t know.  Can I get you anything?”
“Yes,” I say. I will stay calm and my baby will be all right. “The baby.  Get me my baby.”
A nurse enters, gently pushes Jason into a chair, comes to my side, and tells me to sleep.  Everything is fine.  I’m just tired and the baby scored low on his Apgar.  Everything is fine.

I wake after a few hours of drug induced sleep.  
“Where’s the baby? It's a boy right? I think we should name him David." I tell Jason.
 "He's gone," David says and I crane my neck to look at him. He’s looks as if he's been crying.  This scares me.  “It isn’t your fault,” he says, reaching for my hand.
Gone.  He said gone.  Does he mean dead?  What isn’t my fault?
“Jason?” 
He throws his hands up and starts pacing around the bed.
 “Remember that night we got drunk after Lisa’s wedding?” Jason asks.  “Maybe we conceived that night.  I did drugs for a while before I met you.  Maybe my sperm was all messed up.”  
I picture myself on the swing the night Sean died.  I knew then that something was wrong.  I should have gone to the hospital then.  Should have.
  “Stop it,” I say.  He sees my determined face and knows enough to be quiet, but he continues his frantic pacing.  I tune him out as my mind races. What happened?  What was wrong?  It couldn’t be my fault.  I had done everything right.  Eaten correctly, exercised moderately. No smoking, drinking or hot tubs.  Vitamins, minerals, meditation.  
“It happened the night Sean died,” I say.  My voice sounds hard, cold, and it frightens me.
“Maybe there was something in the water,” Jason says.  “I knew I should have gotten a better filter.”
“Can you just NOT do this right now?  Please?” I plead with him.  I just need to concentrate on the baby right now.  No, there is no baby. I need to have a minute just to let this information seep into my skin, to my soul.  Jason is getting in my way.  It couldn’t have happened on the night Sean died, the baby was alive when he was born. 
My parents rush into the room, their faces pale with concern for me. 
I ask my mother with my eyes, my whole body willing her to say no, it’s all been a mistake.  But silently she shakes her head, hands clasped tightly in front of her.  “I’m so sorry,” I say.  I am a daughter who has let her mother down.  I’ve let everyone down.  How can we get through this?   
But my mother, strong as the generations of women who have mothered before her, comforts the living.  She sits beside me, holds my hand, smiles weakly, and reassures me that everything will be ok.  When my shuddering stops she pulls my hand up to her face, tucks it softly under her chin.  Her blue eyes are bloodshot mirrors of my own.
“I think you should see him--- hold him, say goodbye,” she says.
What I want to do is go back to sleep.  Maybe I can just make myself go away, make everything go away, and make it all stop.  I close my eyes, willing her away.  “Honey,” she says.  “You have to say goodbye.” 
 I open my eyes, “Mom? What was wrong with him?”
“They don’t really know yet.”
I can’t admit it, but I’m afraid to see him.  I need him to look healthy, as if he's asleep, even though he isn’t.
“He’s beautiful,” she says, reading my thoughts.
I nod and she leaves the room. She comes back with a nurse pushing one of those clear plastic tubs.  He is swaddled in a light blue blanket that matches the blue of his lips.  The nurse hands him to me, his newborn weight surprisingly heavy in my arms.  
“You should name him,” the nurse says and quickly leaves the room before she can see the effect of her words.
I tuck the blanket down around his face.  Jason and my parents all stand motionless now, afraid to move.
“David,” I say.  “Don’t you think? Can you, I mean, I just…”
“Of course,” Dad says taking Mom’s hand as they leave the room.  
In a flood of selfishness I want for Jason to leave too, but I don’t have the heart to tell him and he sinks back into his chair.  
“Can you at least help me?  I need to sit up more.” My body is sore all over, a soreness I would barely notice if I had a healthy baby in my arms.
I am angry at Jason.  He hasn’t been who I need him to be for so long, and now it is unforgivable.  Dutifully he fluffs my pillow, helps me up a bit.  I look down into David’s face.  
“Too good for this world, huh?”  I whisper, caressing his cold, but soft cheek.  I sit quietly, tears sliding down my cheeks as I envision what may have been. I picture him at six, losing his front tooth.  At nine, with his first crush.  At twelve, playing at the park with his friends until dark.  At sixteen, his teeth, now straight from years of braces, smiling as he shows me his shiny new driver’s license.  Waiting up for him until well past his curfew.  Angry, but so glad he is now safely home.  That cliff between boy and man.  And then his college graduation, his wedding, his children.  Him as an old man, walking with his wife through the park he used to play in as a boy.  
“Jason?” I say.  “Can you?”  He takes baby David, and puts him back in his little plastic crib.  
“Don’t put him in there,” I say.  “It’s too cold and hard.”  Like a coffin.  “Don’t you want to hold him?”
He sits back down in his chair with the baby awkward in his arms.  He is doing this for me.  He doesn’t want to hold him.  I turn over and stare at the wall.

I try not to think about the fact that I ran away from Jason, but that is exactly what I did.  I told him I loved him, even though I don’t think I did anymore.  I packed what was important to me, some clothes, childhood photos, and of course Laska, and we took off in Jason’s old station wagon.  I left the good car for him, figuring it was the least I could do.
“I’ll keep my cell phone in case you need me,” I had told him.  He looked dumbfounded.  He was upset at having lost the baby, I know that.  But after a few weeks he got back into his old routine.  I think he was mostly upset not because he would miss me, but because he would miss the meals, the clean clothes and the sex.  He wouldn’t need me when I was far away.  He wouldn’t just call to talk, so I knew I wouldn’t be hearing from him anytime soon.
“When will you be back?” he asked.  And what I heard was, “how much pizza and how many frozen dinners will I have to eat?”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “I just know I have to go.”  I’m glad he didn’t ask where I was going.  I didn’t know the answer, and just started driving south.  The fog that takes over the coast of Northern California in the late spring and early summer had been settling on my shoulders, too much for me to bear.  My body pulled me south.  The sun would dry up the sorrow that had settled like a stagnant swamp in the pit of my stomach.
In San Diego I decided that Mexico wasn't the wisest decision, so I headed East, and ran out of gas just outside Tucson, Arizona.  The highway stretches for miles, the asphalt gooey with the heat.  But the sky is blue, the rocks a deep red, and something feels good about it, my being here.
It is too hot to just sit in the car, so I hop up on the hood, waiting for help, figuring someone will drive by eventually.  Then, when I have just about given up, the back of my knees dripping with sweat, a bright orange VW van slows down to park beside me, and out climbs a modern day hippie.
I probably should be afraid when this long haired stranger approaches, but something about him, perhaps the way he moves, reminds me of Sean and puts me at ease.  He fills up my tank, and when I ask him why he happens to have extra fuel, he just smiles.
“Thanks,” I say.  “I’d like to pay you.”  I reach into my car for my purse and before I can turn around, I feel him leaving.  He is already headed down the road when, in what must be an optical illusion created from the endless road, he and his van vanish. 
I get back into the car, Laska jumping into the passenger seat beside me.  She drops something out of her mouth onto the dash.  
“What’d you find girl?” I reach for the object that I recognize as the shark tooth necklace I gave to Sean when he was six years old.  He said it was his good luck charm and refused to take it off.   He could have dropped it in my car when he came to say goodbye before going to Iraq, but I know he wouldn’t have left without it.  In fact, had he gotten there and realized it was missing he would have e-mailed and requested that I send it.   I know the odds are slim that some kid dropped it on this stretch of road, the identical necklace I had bought for Sean fourteen years ago, but I couldn’t wrap my brain around how else it had fallen into my hands.  
“I guess I’m supposed to wear this,” I say to Laska, who smiles her doggie smile approvingly.  I hook the necklace around my neck, put the car in first, and we chase the mirages into Tucson.

When I was a child, I almost drowned.  It wasn’t tragic, or even scary from my point of view. It was actually a rather peaceful moment in time.  I was swimming in the deep end when I got tired.  My body relaxed and I drifted to the bottom. There, the world was in slow motion and I wasn’t scared at all, but overcome with a sense of being tucked into a soft bed.  
It wasn’t until I heard the muffled screaming coming from above, when I saw the splashing feet and groping hands and the terrified look on my mother’s face, that I realized I had almost died.  When they pulled me out of the water I made a choice, and the first breath was the most painful. I wasn’t supposed to die that day.  I know there is a reason I am here, but now that Sean and baby David are gone, I wonder what that could be.  I long to be tucked in beside them in their peaceful knowing.  
 I find myself pulling into a parking space even though I don't have a plan. Yet, somehow I feel a sense of a mission, and as if a breeze is pushing us along, Laska and I walk the streets. I have that odd feeling that overcomes me when I know something is just around the corner. I won't know what I'm looking for until I stumble upon it. But I know it is there. At a small gift store called Moonstars, I am pulled in by the beautiful turquoise and silver jewelry. The turquoise is an oasis in the desert, the silver as smooth as liquid mercury.  
“Would you like to try something on?” an older woman behind the counter asks.
“I’m just looking,” I say, glancing up to smile at her. Quickly, I read the sign over her shoulder. Room for rent, it says, with an arrow up the old wooden stairs.  
“How much?” I ask, surprising myself.  “For the room.”
“I’m actually looking for someone who will mind the store part time,” says the woman with a bright smile.  “Then the room would be free.”
“What about dogs?” I ask, sure that she will say it’s an impossibility and I’ll have to find something else.  But she looks over at Laska as he plops himself down on the old hardwood floor with a sigh and a thud.  “My name’s Josie,” the woman says smiling, holding out her hand.  “And it looks like your dog has decided to stay.”
My breath catches as my throat constricts.  A painful breath.  A step toward life.
“When can I start?” I ask.  



Rain
“Get your shoes,” I yell up the stairs and run back to the kitchen to scoop the scrambled eggs onto a plate before they burn to the bottom of the pan.  
“I can’t find them,” Ruby says, sulking her way into the kitchen.  From the way she lazily rubs the sleep from her eyes, I can tell she just rolled out of bed.  Her favorite sundress, cheerful sunflowers floating in a blue sky, is looking a bit worse for the wear, but I don’t have the energy or the time for that argument this morning. 
“I’ll bet you didn’t even look for them,” Jamie says.  Now that he is ten, he knows everything.  I push his long black hair out of his eyes and hand him his eggs.  
“Sit down and eat your breakfast,” I tell Ruby.  “When you’re done,” I glance at Jamie, “your brother would love to help you find your shoes.”   I ignore his dirty look as Chad comes in, grabs me from behind and plants a kiss on my bare neck.
“Gross.  Get a room." Jamie says.
“Morning son,” Chad says, helping himself to eggs, coffee, and sitting in between the kids at the table.  “Ruby, you’re looking lovely as usual,” he says.  “What do you two have going today?  Tests?  Games?”
I tackle Ruby’s hair while she eats.  She inherited her father’s curly brown hair on the top layer and my straight dark hair underneath.  Impossible to comb, but eccentrically adorable at the same time.  My little wild child, interloper between two worlds.  Ornate sea shells and yacht clubs and the sparse, clear beauty of the desert. 
“I’ve got a science test,” Jamie says. “But I’ve got it covered.  Habitat, shelter, environment.  Stuff like that.”
“I wish you would have brought that up last night,” I say.  “I would have helped you.”
“I didn’t need your help,” Jamie shrugs, reaching for more orange juice.  
Chad gives me a look.  Back off and don’t be hurt by this, is what it says.  
“I have a P.E. test,” Ruby says.  “Can you help me?”
“What do you have to do?” I run a wet paper towel over her face. “All clean.”
“I have to skip.  And do jumping jacks,” she says, hopping out of her chair and demonstrating around the kitchen.  
“Looks like you’ve got it,” Chad says.  “And you’re both going to be late if we don’t get going.  Help clear,” he says as he grabs utensils and plates from the table, ushering them up and out. 
“Don’t forget your lunches,” I say, handing them out with quick kisses.  

I pour myself a cup of coffee to gear up for some cleaning after I get them all out the door.  Sometimes, when I’m polishing up the granite countertop, or sweeping the glossy saltillo tiles, I feel like an imposter.  How did I get here?  I know the logical answer.  Chad and I met when I was working at the gift shop on the reservation and he was wandering the aisles, keeping an eye on the seventh graders he had brought in on their field trip.   They were there for the rain ceremony, already having been filled with saguaro “wine”, or juice in the seventh grader’s case.  My own father was one of the docents and told the story of how the saguaro cactus pulled down the sweetness from the sky, took it in and then regurgitated it back up for the clouds to reclaim.   The kids, bored until this point, always came alive at the talk of vomit.
I remember the smile that I gave Chad then, as if I had known something of our future together. He walked up to my counter to make a purchase.  A small coyote, carved from hematite.  It was cool to the touch but had that surprising, comforting weight that makes you want to just stop and hold it in your hand for a moment.  Reluctantly, I slipped it into a gift box.
“Oh, you don’t need to do that,” he said. “It’s for me.  I just like the way it feels.” He took it from my hand, and one of his fingers touched my palm.  Quickly, he looked up at me.  Instinctively, upon being scrutinized so openly, I looked down, and then thought better of it.  I gathered my wits and met his gaze, an open challenge.
  Awkwardly flustered, he turned to gather up his students.
“Class,” he said, too softly.  And then clearing his throat, he tried again.  “Class,” he said and clapped his hands together. “Two more minutes.  I’ll just be out,” he said, looking at me, “there,” he said nodding toward the door.
“I’ve got it covered,” I said brightly, as if my stomach wasn’t churning.  
That night, I didn’t sleep.  I was waiting, but for what I wasn’t really sure.  

The next morning there was a message from him on the machine at the shop.
“Yeah, uh, hi.  Um, this is Chad.  I came in with some kids yesterday.  We were on the field trip; you know the one with the rain ceremony and the nature hike?  Anyway, I bought the coyote.  Oh, and you’re probably someone else, listening to this right now.  So.  Um,” Beeeeep.  
I sat on the stool, a grin spreading across my face as my heart threatened to pound out of my chest.  “I guess I got cut off,” his voice said at the next beep.  “I don’t know your name, but you have gorgeous long black hair and um, brown eyes, and, oh shit, I’ve just explained a lot of people out there.” Beeeeep.
I hit play again.  “That sounded racist.  I didn’t mean it like that. I’m not.  Look, I’d love to take you to dinner.  Or something, would you like to?  Or not, maybe you’d rather go to coffee?  I mean do you drink coffee, or for cocktails, or maybe you don’t drink.  Oh, shit, that sounded racist again,” Beeeeeep.
I held my hand over my mouth to stifle my laughter so I could hear the next message. “I’m an ass.  I mean, I’m not.  I just can’t sleep.  Did you feel it too?  Call me, if you want. I left my number under the tortoise statue by the door.”
Quickly, my heart still racing, I rushed toward the tortoise and looked under it, afraid the number had disappeared overnight.  It hadn’t, and so I called him back.  He had already left for the day, so I left a message.  I was better at it than he was. 
 “Meet me at The Tea Room off of Ina at 11:00 tomorrow,” I said.  “I’ll be the one,” I laughed out loud at this, “with the black hair and brown eyes.”  There, north of Tucson, we wouldn’t see anyone from the reservation.  No one to gossip to my parents, who would then hound me endlessly about the man with the light brown hair and whether or not he was good for me.  

I suppose he rescued me. And I don’t mean rescued me from the reservation.  Rather, rescued me from myself, and the limits I had placed on my life.
 I didn’t think about it at the time, we just fell in love, married, moved into a beautiful house, and had two kids.  Storybook.  I don’t know where I would be without him.  I was suffocating on the reservation.  Nineteen, living with my parents, not sure what to do.  He lifted me up, showed me around.  But at times I feel like a traitor.  When I visit Mom and Dad, I feel I have abandoned them.  
 “Why don’t you come live by us?” I used to ask my parents.  Their moving would have made me feel less guilty.
“We like it here,” my father would say, sitting on the back porch, looking out over the open desert.  
“I like it here too,” I protested.
“We’re proud of you,” Mom said.  
I don’t know why.  I didn’t do anything.

Today I avoid the other mothers as I pick the kids up from school.  Regular public school for regular American kids.  I went to Catholic school on the reservation.  It was my mother’s way of trying to get me ready for the outside world.  But every night, my father would tuck me into bed.
“Say your prayers,” Mother would call.
And we did.  But not the ones they taught me at school that fell from my lips, rote, empty words about a faraway God, a judging God.  Instead, my father and I talked to the earth.  To the trees and the birds, the wind and the sun.  My head was filled with the notion that I was a sinner by day, and at night, my father would unravel that notion, reminding me that I was a thread in the beautiful blanket of Mother Earth.     
Now, I tuck my children into their beds, designer paint on the walls to resemble the beige of the sand in Jamie’s room, the blue of the sky in Ruby’s room.  And I remember who I am, and we pray the same prayers my father taught me.  But sometimes, when the idea that we are all connected, the earth, the sky, me and the kids, should make me feel full, I often feel a sad ache.  I have everything I need, I think as I kiss my children goodnight, and yet there is something more I feel I need to do.  I’m just not sure what that is, and I turn on myself, feeling a spoiled brat, luxuriating in my sense of self.
Today, I’m not in the mood for chit chat with the other mothers.  They seem so at peace with their place.  Who they are.  They have housekeepers and gardeners, while I do my own.  They get their hair and nails done, while I do my own.  They go to the gym while I walk the desert paths behind the house.  They go around in circles at the mall while I prowl tiny stores downtown.  Looking.  For an answer.
Yesterday a girlfriend had told me all about where there was a sale on laundry detergent.  At first I thought she was kidding.  How could she be so excited?  But before I could respond, she asked if had signed Jamie up for basketball this season, and why wasn't Ruby taking soccer?  She’s only six I reminded her, and myself.  She doesn’t like soccer.  What good is soccer?    I didn’t say this last part, not wanting to start a war, picturing all of the soccer moms throwing Gatorade and shoes with sharp cleats at me.  Maybe I was missing something with the whole soccer thing.  Seems like they’re just kicking a ball around in the blazing sun.  
I wait a few blocks down from the school, knowing they will wait for each other and start walking when they don’t see me.  It makes Jamie feel independent.  I see Ruby first, fluttering around Jamie.  He is her planet, I think, and she is the ring that encircles him.  She reaches up, grabs his hand.  He looks back, sees that there is enough distance between them and the school, and keeps hold of it.  When she sees me, she runs and throws herself at me.  He takes his time.
“What’d ya do today?” she asks me.  I wish I had something exciting to tell her.  But I went to Target and found things that I didn’t know I needed, and spent too much money. Then I did some laundry and paid the bills.
“Waited for you to come home,” I say.  “And you?  How was the spelling test?”  
“I think I got an A,” she says.  “How do you spell purple again?”
“P-U-R-P-L-E,” I say.
“Ooops,” she says, bouncing into the back seat. “But I got an A for my jumping jacks.”
“Good job!” I say, wondering when they started giving letter grades for P.E.
“How about you?  How was your day?”  I ask Jamie as I look in the rearview mirror at him.
He shrugs.  “Good.  Fine.  Same ol’.”  
I’m always so excited to see them, and I can’t help feeling disappointed at his lack of enthusiasm.  The bright day, so promising just minutes ago, now feels too hot.  Draining.
 “Can we stop for ice cream?” Ruby asks.
“We have some at home,” Jamie answers for me. Which, of course, is true.  We do have some at home, and I was about to say just that.  But because he thinks he knows me so well after only ten years, I take them out for ice cream, the expensive kind that has four different vanillas to choose from, not to mention the toppings.  An entire wall donated to toppings.   It takes them both at least twenty minutes to choose. I eventually get bored of waiting and try to veer them toward some sort of decision. But we aren't in any hurry and I decide to just relax and sit at a booth while they order.  Then I am inspired and surprise them both by ordering a cone with cake batter flavored ice cream.  Two scoops with Butterfinger crumbles on top.  Because I can. Because I should more often.  So there.
   
Usually, when the kids are at school during the day and I can’t bother with one more errand, or clean one more bathroom, I roam the desert and take it all in.  Our house backs up to the open desert and there are paths as fine as spider webs that weave their way through the palo verde and saguaro.  I don’t know what I am looking for, but I can’t help myself, and walk for miles.  Chad thinks I do it to stay in shape, and it is true that I would never be happy in a gym, smelling of desperation and sweat, and noisy with the din of energetic pop music.  
The fresh air and the exercise is good for me as it keeps my 5’10” frame lean and strong.  But that isn’t why I walk.  Everything seems to be the right color in the desert.  There are at least twenty different shades of green.  And the browns, reds and golds are vibrant without being garish.  But my favorite time is dawn, before Chad and the kids are awake.  I’ll sneak out for a quick walk, and find the coyotes still roaming and the owls just tucking in for the day.  The sand is still cool beneath my walking sneakers and if I time it right, I can watch the sunrise.  
Today, the moon bears witness to the sun as it peeks over the horizon.  The moon, reluctant to give up her watch, pales as the sun brightens the sky.  I guess she doesn’t realize she is needed in another place where she will shine more brightly against the dark canvas.  She is content for now to sit in her dimmed state, sharing the desert for a moment with her sister, the sun.
After my walk I shower and look around at my house, not feeling any overwhelming domestic itch.  I climb into bed and read, knowing that the feeling I could do this all day will wear off in an hour or two, and I’ll head back outside.  I read a book on energy healing that has a lot of practical exercises.  I try an exercise on myself, laying my hands over my abdomen, knowing my period will start soon.  My hands become warm and my body tingles a bit, as if I am sitting close to a fire.  And then I drift into sleep.
I dream of a snake.  I don’t want to hold it, even when the wise man tells me it is for my own good.  He forces me to hold it, and I do so, but hold it as far away as possible.  The tail of the snake flicks into my mouth and I wake up coughing and wiping at my face.
I pick up the phone beside the bed and call my father’s cell.  
“Hi goose,” he says.  “How’s my girl.”
I tell him about the dream and ask him what he thinks it means.
“Has to do with healing,” he says.  “It runs in your family.  The ability to heal.”
“What should I do?  I mean, what do I do with that?  Just go out and start healing people?”
Dad laughs.  “It’ll come to you in time.”
“I hate not knowing,” I say.
“You aren’t meant to know everything.  Not today anyway.  Go for a walk.  You’ll be fine. Now I gotta go.  Your mother’s got me installing one of these fancy new faucets.  Looks like an old one, if you ask me.  All brown and rusty.”
“That’s rubbed bronze dad.  They’re in style,” I say.
“I don’t know about that.  But your mother likes it, and when she puts her mind to something.  Damn it, Rose,” he calls “do you want to go back out to Home Depot with me?”
“Give mom a hug for me,” I tell him.  The clock reads almost two o’clock, and I don’t understand where the day has gone.  I put my tennis shoes on, figuring I have just enough time to walk to pick the kids up from school.
“Gawd Mom,” Jamie says when he sees me.  “Where’s the car?”
“In the driveway,” I say.  “Something wrong with your legs?”
“I’m tired,” Ruby whines.  “We had to run for P.E. today. I had to run around the whole field.  Twice.”
“I’m starving,” Jamie says, falling into pace beside me.
“Good to see you too,” I say, draping an arm around both of their shoulders.  Ruby clings and tries to climb up into my arms like a baby while Jamie shrugs away, hoisting his backpack symbolically between us.  One, trying to get closer, backward in time, while the other tries to move ahead and break away.  Will there ever be a day when we are content to be who we are?

After homemade oatmeal chocolate chip cookies and copious amounts of milk, we all settle in at the dining room table to get started on homework.  Ruby ends up coloring for most of the time, already having finished her homework, but wanting to stay near us.  She carefully stays in the lines and chooses from her huge assortment of colors, asking our opinion on what to use for the tiara, champagne gold or sterling silver, in order to stay in the conversation.  Jamie huffs and puffs and flings his hair back in dramatic gestures while I thumb through the mail and magazines trying not to interfere, but staying available for his random questions.
“How many times does 7 go into 243?” he asks.
“Work it out,” I say, knowing he will, and can, he is just hoping for a shortcut.
“When’s Daddy coming home?” Ruby asks, getting bored with her coloring.
“5:30, same as always,” I reply.
“What’s for dinner?” she asks.
We had chicken last night, the kids aren’t too fond of fish, Chad is on this new kick that he thinks we should have red meat one night a week maximum.  I don’t feel like dragging the kids to the grocery store, so pork’s out of the question.
“Pasta?  No onions in the sauce, I promise.”  Ruby perks up, nods her assent, and satisfied, gets back to choosing the perfect pink crayon for a princess.
“They put “God” back in,” Jamie says, looks at me and waits.
“In what?” I ask.
“The pledge of allegiance.  I can’t keep it straight.  Are we under God or not?” he asks.
“I don’t think so,” I say.   “Not under.”
“Yeah,” Ruby says, biting her lip as she fills in the red in her rainbow.  “How can we be under something that is everywhere?” 
“I think they mean everyone is supposed to have the same God,” Jamie says.  “But they don’t.  That’s why they keep taking it out.”
“Well,” I say, standing up to clear the table, “I think there really is only one God, how could there be more than one?  But everyone gets there differently.”  
“You always say it isn’t where you’re going, it’s how you get there,” Jamie says.  
“Penne or rigatoni?” I call from the kitchen.  
“I thought you said we were having pasta,” Ruby says, her pout preceding the rest of her.
I smile, hold up the boxes for her to choose a shape.
“How do you get there?” Jamie asks, coming to sit at the island, trailing his backpack and papers.
I fill the pot with water, the sound of running water soothing my fraying nerves.
“Get where?" I look at him to see his exasperated expression that reminds me we are still discussing God. I take a deep breath. "Well," I say, "There isn't anywhere to go,” I say. “Especially, if you believe that God is within everyone and everything.  Than there really is nowhere to go, you just know.”

I think about my conversation with Jamie long past dinner.  I am still thinking about it after I have shooed him off of his video games and tucked him into bed with a book.  
“What are you reading?” I ask.
“Left Behind,” he says.  
I stop closing the blinds and turn to look at him. He’d better not think he can read that end of the world Christian propaganda crap. 
“Just kidding.  Animorphs.  See?”  He holds up a paperback with a child turning into a dolphin on the front.  
I shake my head, and smiling, I lean down and gather him up in my arms. "I love you." 
“Love you too,” he says. 
 I kiss his forehead and leave, slowly closing the door behind me. 
 “And Mom?” he asks.
“Yes,” I say.
“Nothing.  Just wanted to see if you were still there,” he says.
I step back in and smooth his hair back from his forehead.  “I’ll always be here,” I say. 

Later, in bed, I tell Chad about the Left Behind scare.  He thinks it is funny.
“Besides,” he says, “you can’t control what he reads.  That’s a popular series.  You have to let him make his own choices.”
“I’m his mother, I’m supposed to guide him,” I say.  Like earlier, when he asked me how I got there, to knowing God, and I told him I just knew.  Some guidance.  I throw down the book I’ve been reading about medical intuitivism.  The answers aren’t there.  I’m not even sure what the question is.  
“I’m a complete failure. Before I know it he’ll be signing up for youth groups and going out to the res to convert the little heathens,” I say, snuggling up to Chad, who is snuggled up to his lap top.  
Chad laughs again and pulls me close as he closes his computer and sets it aside.  His lips, slow and soft on mine, enable me to forget my shortcomings for the time being while I melt.  

Julia
Quickly, because we are getting quite good at this, Yuya rolls off of me and thrusts a pillow under my hips, already tilted upwards.  
“This is it.  I can feel it,” I say as he heads toward the bathroom.
“Really?” he asks, coming back into the room in his underwear, already brushing his teeth.
“I don’t know,” I sigh, pulling the covers up over me, still keeping my pose, encouraging the sperm in the right direction.  “I’m just trying to stay positive.”
He goes back into the bathroom to spit and then comes to sit beside me.
“If it’s meant to be,” he says, “it will be.”
“Is that some Japanese saying you’re trying to cheer me up with?”
“I thought it was a French song,” he says. “What do you think she’ll look like, our baby?”
I smile and try to picture our baby, but I draw a blank.  This alarms me, but I shove it aside.  Usually when I can’t imagine something it is because it isn’t going to happen.  I’m sure it’s just hard to picture your own baby.
“My eyes and hair, your smile and skin,” I say, not wanting to worry Yuya.
“Hand me my book?” I ask, reaching for it on the bedside table.  I don’t want to think about what is happening, or isn’t happening inside my body right now.  
“This one?” he asks, holding up a book on fertility I checked out from the library.  I groan, throw my arm over my eyes.  “Don’t I have anything easy and trashy over there?” I ask.  He gets on his hands and knees and looks at the bookshelf in my nightstand.  
“How about scary?” he asks, tossing the latest Stephen King at me.  
“Already read it,” I say.  
He lists some more titles, pulling some out from under the bed.  Nothing sounds right.
He finally gives up and crawls in beside me.  He folds himself around me, tucking my head beneath his chin, and says, “I’ll tell you a story.” 
 And as the moon shines through our open window, and the coyotes howl over their last kill, my husband weaves a story for me.  It is about a woman and a man who love each other and their baby very much.  It is about how we are supposed to be here.  Warm and safe, I drift into sleep.

That night I dream that there is a growth in my left breast.  I walk and walk across the hot desert sand until I come to a pool of water.  I kneel to drink, and a woman appears.  She points a stick at me and my breast gets very hot.  
“You are ill,” she says.
“Heal me,” I say.
“It is too late.  But I must tell you something important. You aren’t going to want to hear what I have to say,” she says.
“Tell me anyway.”
“Que sera, sera,” she says before turning and evaporating into the sand.
  
 In the morning I wake with a vague feeling that there is something I need to do. Some newfound knowledge I have, but I have lost the key and the decoder.  I pace from room to room, looking for something to jog my memory.  Frustrated, I see Yuya out the door with a distracted kiss on the cheek and go upstairs to get dressed.  What to wear?  Gardening, grocery shopping, or cleaning?  Or maybe I’ll run down to historic downtown and peruse the shops.
 I need to get a job, I know that.  I’ve been putting it off in hopes of having a baby, but after a year of setting up house and trying to get pregnant I should probably get out there and start earning some money.  Yuya says I really shouldn’t, as I’ll just have to turn around and quit.  I wouldn’t have to quit I argue, although secretly, I know I would want to, I just don’t want him to know he has me figured out.  I like to keep my future wide open, possibilities are endless. But what if I can’t get pregnant?  What then? 

The air conditioning in the car is slow to get going as I head into town.  I ignore the high-rise district and go straight for the more charming old town.  I feel a bit guilty, whiling away a day in pursuit of pleasure while Yuya is hard at work at his office.  But he would tell me to enjoy it while it lasts.
“Raising children is hard,” he says.
“How would you know?” I ask.
“I’ve talked to your mother.  You were a real pain,” he jokes.  “Play while you can.  Life’s short.  Just think of me, working hard while you’re gallivanting around town.”
I wish it were that easy, to gallivant.  But there is the guilt, shouldn’t I be volunteering again?  I used to be so involved with the church when I was with Todd.  But then that fell apart and I realized the people I thought were my friends weren’t there when I needed them, or worse, how they would turn on me if I had the gall to say “no” to one of their favors.  Maybe I should start up one of my own charities.  We could feed a village in Africa, but no, kids here need food too.  I wonder how I could get started on something like that. 
Moving beyond the guilt, I have a strange sense of boredom, without someone to share my fun with.  It has been hard to meet people, but that, my mother says, will become easy once the baby is born.  
“Almost all of my girlfriends are mothers of kids you grew up with,” she said.  Sad, I think, how children take over, run your life, inadvertently pick your friends.  But isn’t that what I want, what I’m waiting for?  I don’t know what I want.
I park in a dusty square and buy a breakfast burrito at an authentic little taco bar.  A warm homemade flour tortilla with carne asada, cilantro, potatoes, cheese.  My little version of morning heaven.  Now if only I were near the ocean again.  I miss Malibu, my parents and my sister Diana and her kids.  But I am trying to make the best of my life here with Yuya.  I would follow him anywhere.  No, scratch that, we could go anywhere together.  We are a team.
I sit in the shade and watch the children; too young for school, with their ice cream already melting in the heat as they play in the water of the Spanish fountain.  A group of mothers sits at a table drinking their coffee, keeping an eye on their kids as they splash around in their bare feet.  An exclusive club, the only ticket being a child.  But if I did have a child, I don’t know that I would be here.  I would be walking in the desert, pointing out the different cacti; prickly pear, agave, barrel, and saguaro.  I would be enjoying the smell of creosote as the thunderclouds build, ducking back into the house as the fat droplets turn to a downpour, the baby giggling and soaked.  

I finish my breakfast and walk the streets, ducking into stores when something in the window catches my eye.    I buy a traditional wedding vase made by Native Americans.  I ask if it is made by locals, by the Tohono O’odhams out by Kitt Peak and the man smiles, says yes and waves as I go outside to sit on a bench and read the tag.  It is a wedding and fertility vase, the tag  says, bringing luck to marriage and family.  I look again at the vase with two spouts joining in a heavy base, shaped like a womb.  The weight of it is substantial and comforting as I run my fingers along the womb shaped base.  I turn it over and there, glaring in the bright sun, is a tiny white sticker.  “Made in China,” it reads.  I look back at the store, and for a minute, feel a stab of hatred toward the smiling man who sold it to me.  I even think about throwing it away, but then, I think, just because it was mass produced thousands of miles away doesn’t mean it is devoid of power.  I tuck it safely back into the tissue paper and the bag.  I need all the luck I can get.
I wander around, looking for the store Moonstars, that I’ve heard advertised on the radio.  But I can’t remember where it is, and I don’t want to stop and ask for directions.  The square begins to fill up with the lunch crowd, and tourists are milling around.  Suddenly, I feel tired and overwhelmed, so I head back home.

A few days later, the fertility vase sits prominently on our bedroom dresser.  I toy with the idea of going to the library, but knowing I have a lot of work to do in the bedroom, I decide to go lingerie shopping.  I may as well enjoy my pre-baby body, as my mom sister keep reminding me.  “At least you have a reason to do it,” my sister Diana says when I become whiny over the phone.  “And your breasts aren’t sagging, and you aren’t too tired, from being up with the baby.”
This stops me cold.  She knows that is all I want.  To be too tired, to not have to do it on a certain day at a certain time.  “Sorry,” she says, understanding my silence.  “You know what I mean.  Just have fun, everything will work out.”  Gracefully, before I cry useless, pitiful tears, I get off the phone and grab my purse.  She’s right.  I should have fun.  It's time for some retail therapy.
I always start with good intentions.  Yuya needs a new pair of pants, the non-wrinkle kind.  When I get pregnant and the baby comes I won’t want to spend my time ironing.  Or I’ll look for a new pair of jeans for myself.  Shallow as it seems, finding a good pair of jeans makes my head spin.  Victory is mine.
But inevitably I end up mooning over babies, which seem to be everywhere.  I get a coffee at the Starbucks near the play area and sit just to watch them.  Going down a two foot slide made to look like a roadrunner’s tail, fills the toddlers up.  I mean really fills them up, so they double over with laughter, giggles spilling from them as they awkwardly run around the big plastic bird for another go.
One of the moms is nursing, and this reminds me of the bra I need to buy.  I finish my coffee and head over to Victoria’s Secret.  I feel mildly guilty, spending so much money on something that won’t be seen.  Yuya doesn’t seem to revel in bras the way some men must, rather he has a healthy enjoyment of what they hold.  My ex, Todd, actually told me once to wear a specific bra under a certain dress, and of course it was a bra I hated because of the scratchy lace. 
“You always wear these cotton ones,” he said rummaging through my dresser with disgust. The fact that he even knew the difference between cotton and silk should have been a clue to his sexuality, but I was blindly in love and didn’t get the drift.
The sales girl stalks me as I walk the aisles.  Not too close, just there if I need her.  I look fleetingly at the naughty apparel with holes in strategic places.  I wouldn’t be caught dead in any of it, but I like to try to step outside myself once in a while.  I try to picture myself in the red lacy number, but I like to think of myself as elegant rather than overtly sexy, so I move on to the t-shirt bras. 
In the dressing room, I take my old bra off and toss it onto the pink stool.  It slides off and I reach down to put it back up, glancing at my reflection in the mirror.  Not bad, I think approvingly.  Flat tummy, not for long I hope, firm breasts, also not for long I suppose.  A trick of light makes it look as if there is a dark area on the side of my breast beneath my arm pit.  I stand up and turn to the side, but it is still there.  I lift my arm over my head and palpate the area like the gynecologist does during my annual pap smear.  There is a lump.  Not the cyst type that riddle my breasts with pain and are easily manipulated.  This is a stubbornly hard knot. I grab for my old bra and in fast motion get dressed and leave the store.
“Did you find everything you were looking for today?” the overly made up, overly cheerful woman asks, almost running after me.
“I’m fine,” I call back over my shoulder.  They probably think I am trying to shoplift something, but then, no, I would be going slowly in order to trick them.  I breeze through the mall and open the suddenly very heavy mall door to the parking lot, where I am greeted by the stifling air, hot, like a slap in the face.  My eyes tear, and although I know it is from feeling overwhelmed in a town that still doesn’t feel like home, I blame it on the painfully bright sunshine.
The car must be 150 degrees and I burn myself on the metal of the seatbelt.
“Fucking desert,” I say, as if it is the desert itself that has me in a panic.  I don’t have any friends here yet, I don’t have a doctor, I don’t know where to go, who to call.  I rummage in my seemingly bottomless purse for the ever-hiding cell phone.
“Mom,” I say.  It is all I can get out before I dissolve into a useless heap of tears.  In the middle of a scorching parking lot in this unforgiving place, I sit and cry, unable to breathe.
I calm down as Mom grows more hysterical over the line.  I’m not being fair to her and she’s jumping to the wrong conclusions.
“No.  We’re both fine,” I manage to get out.  “It’s just that I’m tired, and I miss you, and I can’t get pregnant and there is a lump in my breast.”
“I miss you too,” Mom sighs, relieved.  “And just go get it checked out.  I’m sure it’s nothing.”
I wipe at my tears.  “You’re right,” I say and turn the conversation toward her and Dad, my sister and her kids.  After a while I get bored with the conversation, a feeling of anxiety building again.
“Mom,” I say, “I really have to go.”
“Don’t forget to go get it checked,” she says.  “It’ll be fine.”
How could I forget? I hate it when she uses that word, fine.  Nothing is ever fine.  It is good, or bad, or painful or exciting.  Nothing is ever just fine.

Winter
Wren
The old wide planks are rough under my feet when I get out of bed and go to peer out of the window.  It is a tiny room, up here in the rafters, but I have come to love it with its windows that look over the square.  Geraniums spill out of the window box all reds and corals, and the colors are reflected in the Native American rugs hanging on the walls.  Josie said I could even rotate a few things into my room once and a while from the store down below as decoration.  Now, my favorite piece is a sculpture of two hands holding a baby.  The baby looks peaceful and I imagine it is my own baby nestled in the hands of God.  Not the old Santa Clausy God on a throne behind the pearly gates, but a beautiful, nurturing woman with soft hands and an open soul.
The swamp cooler kicks in with an angry buzz and reminds me of the sun, working overtime, not realizing it can take a bit of a break during winter.  
I pull on a skirt that Josie gave me from when she was recovering from her post baby weight over twenty years ago.  I didn't think I would be so disgusted with the stretch marks, the angry red puckering around my sagging belly if I had a baby to hold to my breast in the middle of the night.  But now my body is just a sad reminder of my son. At times my arms ache with emptiness.  
The skirt, festive in its bright desert colors, reminds me to try a bit of smile therapy.  If I smile, chemicals will be released, the book said, and eventually I will start to feel happy.  I wonder how long it will take my chemical makeup to catch up to this theory.  As it is, my hormones set my heart pounding in the middle of the night, the store settling like an old man into a rocking chair.  Creaks and moans that, to my ears, fuzzy from sleep, sound like a baby's cries. I wake and reach for my baby who isn't there.

“Coffee?” Josie asks when I finally make my way downstairs.  My makeup isn’t nearly as hard to put on some mornings as my brave face.
“You are my hero,” I say gratefully accepting the steaming mug.
“You’re welcome to use any of this stuff down here,” she says, waving her hand around the store.  I wonder what she means.  I have every intention of using the coffee pot, but nothing else looks like it has much use.  Mostly gift items, new age stuff, or dust collectors as my mother calls them. 
“Thanks,” I say instead of asking what she means.  I don’t know why I do that.  I’m not the old Wren anymore.  This is a new life, a new me.  Start over.
“Um, what do you mean everything?” I ask timidly.
Josie looks up from the Kachina dolls she is dusting.  “Oh, I’m sorry,” she says.  “In the counter are tarot cards.  Celtic tarot cards, Native American totem cards with the animals, Runes, and the jewelry, of course you are welcome to try that on. It looks good when the customers come in.  And over here,” she says walking over to the bookshelf along the back, “are the books.  Spiritual, Self-Help, Wicca, you know, stuff like that.” 
I don’t know stuff like that.  I’ve always been fascinated and repelled at the same time.  I smile.  “Thanks,” I say.  I make a mental note to check it out later, in privacy, when I have the shop all to myself.
“And what if a customer asks why you call it Moonstars?” I ask, although I really just want to know for myself.
“Oh, right.  Well, a long time ago, when my daughter wasn’t more than three years old she would look out of her window before bedtime and refer to it with just one word.  Moonstars.  When she was older, she said the stars were the moon’s babies, conceived when there was an eclipse and the sun met with the moon.  Ever since then,” she used to say, “the moon wasn’t lonely.”  Josie pushes her hair back, smiles at me.  “I guess I just like the notion that we’re all in it together, even the moon and the stars. We’re all connected,” she says, placing her hand over mine.  
“You’ve suffered loss,” she says suddenly, her eyes dark. 
 I nod.  “My son, and my brother.”
She takes a deep breath, closes her eyes.  “Twins,” she says.  “I see twins.”
“My brother and I were like twins,” I say.
Josie shakes her head.  “I don’t think that’s it.  Do twins run in your family?”
“No,” I say.  “I’m sure you were just picking up on me and my brother.”
“You’re probably right,” she says.  “And that is partly why I need to take some time off.  Haven’t been as accurate as I used to be.”

Rain
The rain hits early this afternoon and I decide to peruse downtown before picking up the kids, maybe find a new book.  There is one hole in the wall, Moonstars, which I have never gone into because it never seems to be the right time, but today I walk right in.  No kids, no husband, about an hour to kill, perfect.
It is empty save for the woman looking at books in the Wicca section.  She has a beautiful skirt on, a generous build and lovely blonde hair hanging halfway down her back.  I never would have figured her for a witch, but you never can tell.  I stand next to her in the divination section.
There is a tarot book that calls to me.  I flip through it, not having the slightest idea of the world it is about to reveal.  Inside there are pictures and descriptions for every card in the deck.  The introduction says I have to choose a deck, so I browse through the decks on display.  There are tree cards and animal cards and goddess cards.  I choose a traditional Celtic deck with bold fairy tale colors.
“You know about tarot cards?” the lady next to me asks.
“No.  I just felt like learning something new today,” I say, smiling lamely and shrugging.  “You know about Wicca?”  I ask.  
“Who me?” she asks, turning red.  “God no,” she says placing the book back on the shelf and turning to face me.  “I just thought I should.”  
The bell tinkles and we turn to see a gorgeous woman with just the right jeans, the right sandals and a non-descript white linen shirt that says  'I don’t care how beautiful I am.  I don’t even try. See how I am casually wrinkled?  See how I show off the perfect tan, perfect cleavage and perfect brunette curls?'
“Hi,” the blonde woman says.  “Can I help you?”
What? So she works here and she didn’t even bother to ask me if I needed help.
 “I just need some crystals,” the all-together brunette woman says.  “And some books on healing, maybe Carolyn Myss.  And maybe some Tibetan gongs, smudge sticks, stuff like that.  Oh, aromatherapy, I heard that can help.”
“Help what?” I ask, throwing myself into the conversation.
Right then, while the Non-Wiccan store keeper is piling charms and remedies on the counter and searching frantically as the lady reels off one item after another, the brunette stops, looks at me and bursts into tears.
“I think I’m going to die,” she says, sitting down right there in the middle of the store.
Without pausing to think, I act as if it is Jamie or Ruby crying on the asphalt with a scraped knee.  I reach down and gather her in my arms and begin to rock back and forth.  Her crying continues, grows deeper, and then finally releases and turns to deep breathing.
“We’re all going to die honey,” I say when her breathing becomes more controlled and she begins wiping at her tears.
“I know,” she says.
“How long?” I ask.
But the lady behind the counter interrupts before she can respond.  “How about some tea?” she asks somewhat hopelessly, coming around to join us.  I have forgotten she is here, forgotten everything but the grieving soul I am holding on a sisal rug in this little store.  We must look a sight.
I look up, grateful.  “Just the thing,” I say, pulling this woman up to stand on our shaky legs.  
“I’m so sorry,” she says, wiping her face with the napkin that came with her tea.  “It’s just.  I don’t know anyone.  Well, except for my husband.  I mean, I’m new here.  The Dr., he said it was bad.  Stage four.  I couldn’t call my mother.  Not yet.  Or my sister.  And my husband is on a business trip.  I didn’t want…” she breathes in quickly, a gasp of emotion blocks her throat and she puts her hand up to her chest protectively, unable to complete her thought.
“Come sit,” I say, pulling her over to the counter.  “You can tell us all about it.”

Wren
I listen to the woman’s story.  Breast cancer.  Terminal.  Advanced.  And I wonder why it is her and not me.  She is happily married, trying to have children, and I have nothing, only a son and a brother on the other side that I would be happy to join.  It isn’t fair.  
“I’m sure there is something we can do,” I say, grasping at hope.  There is always hope.
“We?” she says.  Her name is Julia.  Such a pretty name, the elegant, traditional kind that I always longed for.  
“Yes, we,” says Rain.  How can her name sound so much like mine, Wren, and yet she is so different?  The embodiment of her name, saving the land, bringing it back to life.  And she doesn’t even know it, I think, looking at her.  This tall strong woman, standing like she belongs here, like she belongs wherever she is.  She was here at just the right time.  I shudder to think of what would have happened had I been alone when this woman fell to pieces in the middle of the store.  Rain’s grandfather is probably a shaman or something.
“They gave me three months,” Julia says, sipping her tea. She's all cried out now and looks as if she has hit the bottom, empty now.
“Doctors are idiots,” Rain says.  “Don’t believe them for a second.  Prove them wrong.  Don’t live up to their pathetic expectations.”
“Yeah,” I say, my voice falling flat to my own ears.  “Doctors suck.”  

Julia
 First they did a biopsy, and upon finding it malignant, they went into the surrounding lymph nodes and found those to be rotten as well.  Yuya tells me not to think of it like that, and I try not to, but my body is betraying me, and I feel as if all we can do is to get it all out.  But they can’t.  That’s how I know I’m dying.  It’s in my bones, and you can’t take those out.  I picture myself as a gelatinous mass, no bones, no breasts, and I can’t believe this is happening.
Three months, maybe three years, we just can’t say.  That is what they said.  First they try to kill off the offending cells, but in doing so, they kill off the good cells, and I nearly die.  The cancer is stubborn, and with so little strength left to fight it, it moves quickly.  At first, I align myself with the good cells; it is a battle we must fight, a war we must win.  Then I realize that all the cells are mine, and fighting against yourself gets you nowhere fast.
At first I am angry with myself for not catching it sooner, this could have been avoided.  But then, I think, maybe not.  Maybe if I had found it sooner they would have lopped off my breast only to have me die of a staph infection, or get hit by a semi as I ride my bicycle along the bike path, blissfully enjoying the spring air. But my gut instinct tells me that there would have been rogue cells hiding, waiting.
On good days, when my marrow isn’t screaming at me, I meet Wren and Rain at the store.  Ironically, my impending death has led me to the closest girlfriends I have ever known.
“You’re looking good today,” Wren calls cheerfully from behind the counter.
I smile and shrug, letting her know I know she is lying, but I appreciate the effort.  She comes over to give me a hug and hand me a box.  
“I hope you like it,” she says shyly.  “I made it myself.”
Inside the box is a beautiful hat.
“See,” she says, taking it back from me.  “It has beads.”  She puts it on her own head and swings her head back and forth, making the many colored strings and beads click together.  
“What the hell is that?” Rain asks, stepping into the store.
“Rain!  Shut up. She made it for me,” I say.  “Isn’t it gorgeous?”  I take the hat from her and pull it down over my thinning hair.  It has a nice weight to it and I swing the beads to and fro, reassuring Wren that it is perfect.
“Oh,” Rain says sheepishly.  “Well, you can pull off anything, Goddess that you are.  Now, are you ready for your session?”  
I hug Wren in thanks and follow Rain into the back room for my first treatment.  I don’t think it will work, but I’m willing to give anything a shot.  I told Yuya about my reservations last night.
“I’m an engineer,” Yuya said last night at dinner, “don’t ask me.”
“But you’re Japanese!” I exclaimed.  “Reiki comes from Japan.  Don’t you have any idea?”  
“You come from the United States.  What do you think about chiropractors? And what’s in hot dogs?”
“Whatever,” I said, tired of everything.
“Do you want me to make you some Top Ramen?” he asked sympathetically.  Nothing sounded good anymore, not even my old childhood favorites.  I shook my head no.
“Look,” he said, scooting his chair next to mine, taking my hands in his.  “If you want to try it, go for it.  I’ll support you in anything you decide to do,” he said.  
He meant in regaining my health, he’ll support me.  And what if I decide to die?  What if that is my only option?  Will he support me then?

Spring
Rain
“How’s it work?” Jamie asks as I tuck him into bed.
“The reikki??” I ask and he nods, all ears since it is well beyond his bedtime.  Anything to stay up late.
“I put my hands right above the body where I think the energy needs to go.”
“Where’s it come from, the energy?” he asks.
“The universe.  God.  I feel your great-grandfather there guiding my hands sometimes.”
“Is that what Jesus did?” he asks.
“Jesus is a myth!  Daddy told me,” Ruby calls from her bedroom.
“That is what they say he did.  But everyone can do it.  You just have to believe.”
“You sound like Peter Pan,” Jamie says with a grin as I smooth his hair off of his forehead and kiss him goodnight.
“I fly in my sleep,” Ruby calls. “Come give me a kiss Mommy.”
“Another one?  I just did,” I say, going back into her room, crouching over in the dark, her open arms pulling down my neck.  “Where do you go when you fly?” I whisper.  I have always been a night flyer as well.  Now I know enough to call it astral projection, and recognize the sensation when my spirit leaves my body and travels to distant places.
“I like to fly over the desert, like a hawk,” she whispers.  “Sometimes I just go into your room to check on you and Daddy.  And sometimes I go far away, to the ocean, and under the water to swim with the dolphins.”
“That’s the best,” I say.
“And Mommy?” she whispers as I lean over to kiss her cheek.
I wait.    “Can I have another glass of water?” she asks.
“Help yourself,” I say, knowing she doesn’t need anything, just my never ending attention. They say that as a mother you have a limitless supply of patience and understanding.  I do until I begin to feel manipulated, then the well dries up instantly, and no matter how adorable, they only seem demanding, and I become entirely drained.  “I’m going to bed,” I say, “sweet dreams.”
When I finally put on my pajamas, consisting of one of Chad’s old t-shirts, brush my teeth, rinse, wash my face and moisturize, all I can think of is how good it will feel to close my eyes and fall into a deep sleep.  Chad sits up in bed, rubbing his neck as I climb in.  I am too tired to ask what's wrong, and besides, I know he’ll be ok.
“Wow, I really strained my neck today.  Graded too many papers I guess,” he says, waits for my sympathetic response.
“I’m so tired,” I say, flopping over onto my side to look at him.  “If it still hurts in the morning, I’ll work on it.”
“It hurts now.  How do you have time for your friends, the kids, and at the end of the day, I’m left here rubbing my own neck?”
“Excuse me?  I didn’t realize my purpose in life was to rub your neck.  I’m tired.  I’m sorry,” I say, rolling over to face the wall.
“I’d thought we could be romantic tonight,” Chad says softly.  He is trying to be endearing I suppose, but he sounds, to my ears, like a whining child.
“Maybe we could have been,” I say, anger propelling me to sit up and stare at him, “but you turned into a whiny little brat, and that,” I say, “is NOT sexy.”  I pull the covers up to my neck, forbidding him to come any closer.
“I guess I’ll take some aspirin then,” he says, padding into the bathroom with a sigh.
When he returns, I pretend to be asleep, like I should have been, would like to have been, twenty minutes ago.  But now, I wallow in guilt, anger, and resentment. I toss, turn, and seethe well into the morning hours.

In the morning, I greet Chad, already in the kitchen, scooping crappy sugar cereal into his mouth.  
“The kids will be down in a minute,” he says.
“I heard the shower running.  Thanks for getting them going,” I say.
“I made their lunches,” he says.
What I hear is, ‘I’m sorry for being an ass last night.’  When you’ve been married for ten years, you learn to read between the lines.
“I’m sorry too,” I say, leaning over to kiss his neck.

Wren
My parents are happy about my relocation to Tucson.  I was afraid they would be worried about me, but it seems their mourning over Sean trumps all petty worries, and they never liked Jason all that much anyway.
“We’ll come visit when it isn’t so hot,” Mom says somewhat unenthusiastically over the phone. They missed last winter, their only opportunity for milder weather.  It hurt, but I went to them for Christmas, even though that empty chair at the dining table where Sean should have been was almost unbearable.
“It gets down in the 80’s around Christmas,” I say. “Maybe I could throw a desert Christmas celebration this year.”
“Oh, well I can’t wait that long,” she says.  “Why don’t you come here?”
Because I don’t want to, I think. And it’s your turn, I think.  And don’t you love me?  Pathetic, I know, but the thought surfaces when I am feeling drained. The house that I grew up in is still a stale reminder of the life it used to hold.  I will never be big enough to fill that space, and I know that.  
“It’s too soon,” I say.  “Besides, I don’t want to run into Jason.”
My dad, on the other line, usually content just to listen, pipes in.  “Oh, no need to worry about him.  I saw him with Sally.  Wasn’t she your neighbor?”
“Stan!” my mother says.
“What?” he asks.  “Wren should be happy he’s moved on.  Right honey?”
“I’ll bet they’ll have lots of healthy babies,” I say.
“If they take after their father, they’ won’t be the sharpest knives in the drawer,” Mom says wryly.
“Caroline!” Dad says.
“Well, it’s true,” she replies.
I step in to make them both just stop talking. “You’re both right.  I’m happy he’s with the tramp from next door and they’ll have retarded babies.” I say.  “I signed the papers last week,” I sigh.  “I got the dog and the car and the empty aching womb.  He got the house.”
“Sounds fair,” Dad says.  “That place was a shit hole.”
“I love you,” I say, suddenly needing to get off of the phone.  “You two have a good evening.” 
“Oh, Wren, don’t be like that,” my mother says.  “Everything will be ok.  You’ll see.”
Of course it will be ok.  Everything always turns out ok.  Ok is what it is.  You are sad, and you get through it, and then it is ok.  Or you are happy, and then you aren’t, and what are you?  Ok.

Rain stops in with lunch most days.  She knows I’m looking for the figure I used to have, so she brings salads and soups made with her fresh herbs.  
“Tarragon chicken on spinach with feta,” she says as she plops down the basket on my counter.  Josie leaves me in charge and has given me a decent raise for bringing in so much more business.  It has been easy.  Ever since Rain started offering her Reiki and tarot readings, the customers have been making appointments and browsing around the store while they wait their turn.  True, it was my idea to provide the cookies and muffins, which Rain knows I will eat if she doesn’t bring me healthier fare.  The best selling mainstream books are a great draw for the skeptical husbands who are here with their spouses, and the fresh herbs and teas even bring customers in who are just looking for culinary supplies.  It has become a woman’s hang out of sorts, and Josie is thrilled how women are willing to pay for a little bit of sanctuary.
.“Julia called,” I say.  “She’ll be here any minute.  She's had a hard morning.”
Rain nods, pulls out her tarot cards and spreads them carefully, face down on my counter.  She closes her eyes and moves her hand over the cards.  Instinctively, I quiet the crunching of my salad.
“Six of wands,” she says, turning one over.
“How did you know to turn that one?” I ask
“My hand buzzes,” she says, as if this makes sense.
“At least it isn’t the death card,” I say.
Rain pulls her hair up off of her back, holds it for a moment on top of her head.  “See the boat?  The water?  Julia is in for a journey.  Emotional and physical.  I don’t know where it is leading.”
“Maybe she’ll move.  You know, back to California to be with her family,” I say.
“Maybe,” Rain says unconvincingly, letting her hair cascade back down her back and giving me a weak smile.  “I’d say, we’re all in for a journey.”
“That’s life,” I say.  “This salad is delicious.  Did I ever tell you about my son?”
Rain stops messing with her cards and looks at me.
“Sometimes I feel him around me.  Especially at night, when I’m lonely,” I say focusing on getting a crouton on my fork.  If I look up at Rain right now I will cry.  She puts a hand on mine to quiet the needless frantic movements.  I look up, “he was just a baby.  I never even took him home from the hospital.  But I loved him.”
“Of course you did,” she says soothingly, waiting for me to continue.  
“Noises always wake me up at night.  At first I thought it was someone trying to break into the store, but now I know it’s him, just trying to get my attention.”
“Some Native Americans believe that the souls of babies make the settling noises when a house goes to sleep.  The transition of day to night, the blurring of lines between the living and the dead.”
“His name was David,” I say.  “I mean, I named him that after he died.  I think I couldn’t think of a name for him when I pictured him alive, lying in my arms, because he never really was.”  I don’t know why, but suddenly it matters that Rain knows his name.  
“I’ve always liked that name,” she says. The bells jingle and we look up to see it is Julia coming in.  It has been 6 months since we became friends, the three of us, over 6 months since her diagnosis.
“I know,” she says, holding up her hand to stop us.  “I look like shit.”  She has her new hat on and has lost at least 10 pounds from her already lithe frame.  Her skin doesn’t even look off in color; rather, it is an absence of color.  The color of death.
“You,” I say, “could never look like shit.”  And with this small lie, her face lights up and she stands up straighter. I see her beautiful spirit, which no amount of cancer could ever rob from her.

Summer
Julia
I have tried to continue with the everyday normalcy of life.  Some days are good, and others, horrifically bad.  Some mornings, all I can think of is dragging myself from bed into the kitchen to see Yuya off to work, and then settling on the couch in front of the TV, whiling away the hours until he gets home.  And then there are days where the thought of watching TV makes me feel empty and bored and I decide I must volunteer, or clean the refrigerator, or at least read.  
I am in the training program that teaches adults how to teach people how to read.  It seems a bit extensive.  My mother never took the course, and yet, look, I can read.  But books have helped me through this period in my life, and I know that if I can give the gift of literacy to just one person before I die, then I will live on in some small way.
“You need to concentrate on yourself,” my sister Diana protests when I tell her of my new volunteering project.
“This is different,” I say wearily, gearing up to defend myself.  Not like the church or the other groups that I used to be involved in. "This is something I want to do for myself.  No one will even know.  Except for you.  I knew you would understand,” I am begging her now to give me a break.  I don’t want to dredge up the past, when I used to do things so that people would like me, so they would need me.  My mistake then was in not liking myself.
“Just take care not to get exhausted.  I’d like to visit, but with the kids…”
“You aren’t exhausting to me.  Please come.  I can’t make the trip for obvious reasons.  And Yuya would love to have you. He loves Carly and Jack.”
“Next weekend school is out for the summer.  I know it’ll be hotter than Hades, but if you can do it…”
“Perfect,” I say, my stomach suddenly nauseous at the thought of grocery shopping, washing the sheets in the guest room, preparing foods that I can’t stomach.  “I can’t wait.  Call me when you hit the road.”
I miss them.  Mom and Dad are supposed to come down in a few weeks as well.  I think Mom is worried that once she sees me she won’t be able to tear herself away.  She’ll fall into nurturing mode.  Dad will be bored, maybe even feel a bit useless, and Mom will try to hold all of the pieces together.  
Yuya and I have already talked about it though.  If it gets too hard for me to handle the day to day of it all, he’ll take some leave from work.  Mom can visit, but I don’t want to turn into a baby again. One of my greatest fears is becoming dependent on someone. I won’t let that happen.
I put the phone back in the receiver in the kitchen and open the fridge.  Yogurt, chicken, mineral water and some cold plums.  I don’t have any vegetables right now, they don’t even sound good, but I know I’ll have to get some for the kids, or rather for Diana to force on the kids.  Maybe I’ll just whip together some casseroles, that’ll be easy.  Husband’s delight, one of my childhood favorites, which ironically, Yuya can’t stand.  Ground beef, egg noodles, scallions, cottage cheese, ricotta cheese and tomato sauce.  Just thinking of it makes me smile.  Yes, I’ll make some casseroles.

I roam the grocery store in a kind of daze.  My head feels fuzzy, and I have a hard time remembering why I am here.  I dig the recipes out of my purse, not having been in the mood to write the ingredients on a separate shopping list.  I might lose the recipe a part of me admonishes myself.  And another part, the part I don’t like, whispers back, you won’t be needing recipes where you’re going.  Eighties music from my childhood plays from hidden speakers.  I know they mean it to be uplifting, or sentimental, my age group, at 10:00 in the morning on a Tuesday being the target audience for eighties music.  But it reminds me of my first period, my battle with pimples, and waiting up all night for phone calls from boys that would never come.  
“I hate this song,” I say, when the cashier asks me how I am doing today.
“Really?” she asks.  “I kind of like it.”
This is because you're eighteen, I want to say.  You didn’t hear it for the first time when you were twelve, trapped between kid and woman; wanting to slow down the clock and make it go faster all at the same time.  “It’s about chameleons,” she says.  “They are so cute.”
Maybe, I think, suddenly not having the energy to continue the conversation.  I always thought it was about Karma.  But then I always think too much.  Maybe it is just about a chameleon named Karma.  
I used to think, before I was date raped at fourteen, that good girls finished first.  They were rewarded for their kindness.  For studying hard.  For staying clean.  But after the rape I didn’t feel like a good girl anymore.  I went out of my way for a few months not to be.  Cigarettes, alcohol.  No one even noticed.  I felt like shit and went back to being a good girl.  Only not for the rest of the world, for me.  That is just who I was.  
Back at home I whip up a few dinners and throw them in the freezer, distracting myself from my thoughts, acting today while I have the energy. There is no telling how I’ll feel in the morning; I look around at what else needs being done.  The baseboards are dusty, and there are some cobwebs on the chandelier in the dining room.  But the kids won’t notice that.  
I need to make it perfect for my niece and nephew, the only kids I will have the luxury of calling my own, so to speak.  A puppy, I think, is what we need.

“I’m home!” Yuya calls quietly in case I am sleeping.
I pull myself up from the couch, cradling the two and a half pound Maltese puppy who is asleep in my arms, and go to greet him.  He is already grabbing a beer from the fridge.
“What’s that?” he asks.
“A puppy.  I think we should name her Lily, after my Grandmother.”
“But she isn’t ours,” Yuya says.  “Tell me she’s just on loan.  We’re dog sitting, right?”
I smile, hand the dog over into his arms.  Lily stretches and Yuya naturally drapes her over his shoulder as if burping an infant.  
“Oh,” I say, “and my sister’s coming for the long weekend.”
“When it rains,” he says pulling the dog away from him to look it in the sleepy eyes.
“There are rainbows,” I finish for him.  He’s always telling me to look at the bright side.  Now, I think, it’s his turn.
“Did you know that I really thought that if I were a good girl I would be rewarded in some way?” I reach for the puppy like a baby reaches for his blanket.
“What are you saying?  You think you’re being punished?”
I shrug, not willing to say it, knowing it sounds selfish and juvenile.  
“And who do you think is doling out the punishment? Making the judgments?  Some Santa Clause guy on a throne with a list?”
“What about Karma?”
“As in what comes around goes around?  What about it just is what it is?  What about you do your best and everything happens as it should, because there is no other way.  No good, no bad.”
“I guess you’ve figured it all out,” I say, snuggling with Lily.
Yuya plops down beside me on the couch.  “Not at all,” he says, “I’m trying to convince myself. I married the woman of my dreams, and she’s,” he says, looking at me squarely.
“Go on,” I say.  “Say it.  I’m wasting away; I’m not the woman you thought I was.”
“It’s been hard,” he says.  “But you’ll get better.  Anyway, I just meant that it isn’t always easy.  But without the hard times, we wouldn’t know how good we have it when things are better.”
“Maybe things will get better,” I say, knowing it is what he wants to hear, but not really believing it myself.  I lean against his shoulder, letting the warm solidity of him comfort me.  “If we live in the present, I’d say right now is perfect.”  I don’t mention that I know the dog is just a replacement for a baby we will never have.  I don’t mention that we can’t sit here forever, even though I wish we could.  I just try to live in the moment.  Isn’t that what you are supposed to do when you’re dying?  Once again, I’m just trying to be a good girl.

Yuya sneaks out in the morning so as not to wake me when he goes to work.  I awaken to the phone ringing at 8:00a.m.
“Mrs. Yoshi?”
“Yes,” I say, wiping the sleep from my eyes.
“We have a good fit for a student for you.”
“What?” I ask, sitting up.
“This is Lori, from the learning annex.  We have a student for you.  Would you like to come in at about 9:00 this morning and meet her?”
I glance at the clock.  I can make it in an hour.  I start to get out of bed.
“Mrs. Yoshi?”
“Julia,” I say.  “Mrs. Yoshi is my mother-in-law.  It’s me too, it’s just…”
“It makes you feel old,” Lori laughs.  “I know exactly what you mean.”
“Yes,” I say, “I’ll be there at 9:00.”  I haven’t met anyone who doesn’t know me for awhile.  I don’t want them to see the cancer; I want them to see me.  This is going to take some work, I think, surveying my closet.

I dress in bright colors and wear a scarf under my hat to eliminate questions from the child I am about to meet.  Maybe they are foreign, or have been forgotten by the system.  Maybe we will have a connection, as if she is my own daughter.  I reel myself back in; try to squelch all of these expectations I have of this poor girl.  Maybe, I think, slamming the car door as I get out in front of the center, she is a completely spoiled brat.
“Julia,” Lori says as I come through the glass doors.  I recognize her from my training classes.  “She’s in room four, down the hall to your right.”
I feel as if I am at another doctor’s appointment.  This wasn’t a good idea on my part.  What was I thinking?  I take a deep breath and open the door to find a little bird of an elderly lady who fits perfectly into the child’s chair that she has chosen at the table.  She stands to shake my hand, and I tower over her as she must not even clear five feet.
“Mrs. Ryan,” she says.  “Well, Ms. I suppose.  I’m not married.  He died,” she says, sitting back down.  “But I’ve earned the Mrs. don’t you think?”
I smile at her, nodding, taking in and reorganizing my thoughts.
“So,” she says, playing with the oversized rings, loose around her fingers, but held on by her arthritic knuckles.  “I’m eighty three, in case you were wondering.  I don’t have much time left, although I’ve been saying that for thirty years.  I was diagnosed with cancer on the week of my fiftieth birthday.  Some birthday present, huh? Anyway,” she says, taking in my scarf and hat, “what do you have?”
I clear my throat, shocked by her forwardness.  “Breast cancer,” I say, placing my hand protectively over my chest.
“Mine was also of the female kind.  Although not that area,” she says.  “I know there are names for the parts, but I just can’t bring myself to say them.  I never learned how to read.  First, it just wasn’t important.  Times were tough.  I worked on the farm with Daddy, and in the kitchen with Ma, and I just didn’t have the time, or the interest.  I don’t know how to drive either,” she says, leaning in with a conspirator’s tone.  “Don’t know how to swim either.  Which doesn’t make sense.  I grew up in Minnesota, land of a thousand lakes. You'd think I would have learned how to swim.”
“Mrs. Ryan, the annex only has the room slotted for you for this one hour.”
“You want to get started, is what you’re saying.  Why not just say, we need to get started?  So, this year, I’m learning to swim, drive and read!  The driving has been a bit of a problem, they’re hesitant to even enroll me in the class, but I’m working on it.  And yes,” she says, watching my smile spread, “my feet do reach the pedals if I just move the seat real far up.”
“Oh, well, that’s great.  But, Mrs. Ryan?”
“I know, you want to get started.”
“Right.  But also, if you don’t mind my asking, why did you wait so long to learn all of these things?”
“Oh, you know,” she says, playing with her rings again, clicking them against the laminate table.  “At first, I thought I had the gift of time.  I was married, had children, and I got caught up in their lives.  And then the diagnosis.  And I didn’t want to waste time learning things I would never be able to use.  But then it came to me.  I could still learn them.  Learning is a process, and isn’t that what life is?  Not a means to an end.  Don’t ever wait.  You’ll end up waiting your whole life, waiting for the cancer to go away, waiting to die, or waiting for someone else to die. Sounds awful, I know, but Herb was a real pain toward the end there.  So, when are you going to start teaching me?”
“We have some beginning readers right here,” I say, pulling out some simple books, levels pre-K through grade 1 from the desk.  I thumb through them, trying to pick one without insulting her.  “Colors?” I ask.
“No,” she says, digging through a purse that must weigh half as much as she does.  “I brought these.  This is what I want to learn,” she says, spreading the cookbooks across the table. “Always was good in the kitchen, but I would love to read a recipe one day,” she smiles at me hopefully.  
“Ok,” I say brightly, hoping she can’t smell my fear.  “Let’s get started.”

I am exhausted by the time I leave, but in a good way.  I help Mrs. Ryan to her taxi and then go back in to talk to Lori.
“She’s a riot, huh?”
“Did you do that on purpose?” I ask leaning on the high glossy counter, looking down at her.  “Put us together because of the cancer thing?”
“But you like her, right?  You can come back next week?”
“Of course.  And I’m going to her house on Thursday to cook.  We have a plan, I’ll help her read the recipe, and she’ll help me learn how to cook. She’s French Canadian.  I’ve always wanted to learn how to cook like the French do. Now is as good a time as any.”
Lori’s eyebrows rise in surprise.  “Bring me something?”
“Let’s see what I’m capable of first,” I laugh.  “I’ll see you next week.”  I let myself into my car and just sit for a minute.  Two hours ago I was asleep, planning on puttering around the house, moping a bit with the boredom of the usual.  Maybe even feel sorry for myself.  Now I feel a rush of adrenaline that only comes from meeting someone new and realizing the possibilities that come with each new day.

Rain
“You do not need a face lift,” I tell Wren over the phone.  It is only on the phone, when we are alone, that we talk about trivial matters.  When Julia is around these things seem petty and insignificant, but Wren and I have become close, like sisters, and we can’t help ourselves.
“How about a boob job.  Tummy tuck?” she asks.
“Stop it,” I say firmly.  “You will only be truly beautiful when you recognize that you really are beautiful.  The guys will be there when you are there for yourself.”
“Easy for you to say.  I just can’t seem to get rid of some of this baby weight.  Definitely not sexy,” she whines.
“You’re literally holding onto it.  It reminds you of David and gives you comfort.  And it keeps you from moving on.  It keeps you safe,” I tell her while I rummage around in the fridge trying to find enough ingredients for a throw-together meal.  Frozen chicken breasts, grilled with fresh rosemary and lemon and green beans on the side.  Perfect.  “Want to come over for dinner?” I ask, pulling the loot out of the fridge.
“No.  I’m thinking a glass of wine and the Oprah I’ve been Tivo’ing all week.  But thanks,” Wren says.
“Mom!  Mom!  Come here, you have GOT to see this!” Ruby calls, bursting through the back door.
“Gotta go,” I say guiltily, not wanting Wren to pick up on the fact that I am needed, when being needed is all that she is missing.
“What is it?” I ask as she finds me in the kitchen, her hands cupped around a rather large black bird.
“Do you think it’s a crow?” Jamie asks, coming in behind her.  “Or a raven?”
“They were just pecking at it,” Ruby says.  “All the parents and the brothers and sisters. See?”  She shows me the bald spots on the crow's head, the nape of it’s neck.  
“It must have fallen out of its nest and there was nothing they could do, so they were just trying to help it die,” I say, holding my hands out for Ruby to place the bird in my hands.  It is soft and warm and I can feel its heart beating rapidly against the palm of my hand.  It looks at me for a moment and then its head lolls back, tired.
“Fix it,” Ruby commands.  “Reiki.  Energy.  Make it better.”
“Let’s go sit in the shade,” I say.  “Jamie, will you throw the chicken back in the freezer for me?” We wait while he does so we can go sit on the back porch together.  This is a life or death matter, I think, one of the reasons pizza delivery was invented.
Energy pours from my hands into the little creature.  It has enormous black eyes and a strong looking ebony beak that seems to be too heavy for his head.  
“I just know it’s going to work,” Ruby says hopefully, waiting on the edge of her seat.
After about twenty minutes the crow starts to perk up.  It stands, stretches its wings as if to fly and I suddenly realize that it won’t be able to. It is just a fledgling.  How are we going to teach it how to fly?  With this small life comes a list of responsibilities.  There must be a wildlife rehabilitation place around here I can take it to.
“What’s for dinner?” Jamie asks, becoming bored.
“Chicken,” I say.  “Or pizza, I don’t know.”
“Why are you bothering to save that bird and we're going to eat another one for dinner?” he asks.
“Shut up Jamie,” Ruby says.  “Look, it’s getting better.”
The crow takes a deep breath, and just when I think it is getting ready to climb out of my hands onto the table, it is as if a plug is pulled, and life is drained from it instantly.  It shrinks to what seems half it’s former size, curls almost into a ball, and dies.
“It must be sleeping,” Ruby says.  “Wake it up.”
“It’s dead,” Jamie says.  “So much for your healing.”
I look at them, watching me, waiting for me to somehow make sense of this.  Tears surprise me, welling up and falling silently.  “Sometimes death is healing,” I say.  
“You must not have tried hard enough,” Ruby says, her bottom lip quivering, her face turning red.
“Let’s have a funeral,” Jamie says, distracting Ruby from her sorrow with a plan.  “Where do you think we should bury it Ruby?” he asks, pulling her away from me and the crow to survey the yard, find the perfect spot.
He looks back at me and I smile gratefully, try to pull myself together, and mouth the words “thank you.”

“Rats,” I say when I hear a noise from above our bedroom while we relax in bed, reading our books.  
“What, you don’t like your book?” Chad asks distractedly.  He’s reading one of those espionage books he loves.  All airports and bombs and courtrooms.  
“Did you get to the chase scene yet?  Or the bomb on the airplane?” I ask.  He doesn’t really hear me, but can tell from my tone I am mocking him.
“Did you figure it out yet?” he asks me, motioning toward the stack of spiritual and self help books I have piled on my side.
“We have rats in the attic again.  Can’t you hear them?” I glance toward the ceiling.  It is an annual drama that I have become used to. 
“I’ll pick up some traps tomorrow,” he sighs and closes his book, reaching to turn off his light.  He’ll be able to sleep, just like that.  But I can hear them scuffling, multiplying, and I know I won’t be able to sleep for weeks, until he has killed every last one of them.

“They’re just animals Momma,” Ruby says during breakfast when I remind Chad to pick up the traps after school.  “It isn’t their fault they’re ugly.”
“They carry diseases.  This is my home,” I say, irritated from not getting any sleep.  “Not theirs.”  

I listen to the traps snap shut. A loud snap means they’ve outsmarted us, a dull thud means we got one.  In the morning I remind Chad to go get the bodies so they don’t start to decompose and smell during the heat of the day.  He has already forgotten of their invasion, and would have gone off to work after a good night’s sleep, having forgotten the whole thing.
He comes down from the attic accessed by our closet ceiling.
“There wasn’t much to pick up.” He looks a bit green.
“What do you mean? I heard the traps go off.”
“They’re eating each other.  The ones that are outsmarting the traps are eating the other ones.”
“Their own family,” I say, trying to picture anything but what is running through my head.  Now when I hear the scuffling I’ll know what they’ll be doing.  I’ll never get any sleep.
“I’ll set some more,” he sighs, the weight of the rat world on his shoulders.  “Would you run down to the kitchen and get some cheese and peanut butter?” he asks, waving his filthy gloved hands as an apology.  
I think of Julia while I dish up the rat treats.  I won’t be able to sleep until we rid the house of the invaders.  I wonder if that is how she feels about her own body.  I don’t even want to go back upstairs, that much closer to the attic, so small of a space separating me from the carnivorous monsters that roam above.  I wonder if the toxicity of cancer isn’t in itself a dichotomy.  You hate the bad cells, the ones that are killing you, and in doing so you hate your own body.  All chance of healing may rely on the fact that you remain optimistic, and love yourself.  A seemingly impossible notion.
Isn’t the cancer part of her body, a natural part?  Just like the rats are a part of my home.  I’ve made my home so inviting that the monsters have moved in.  But they aren’t monsters when they are in the desert, they are part of nature.  Who do I think I am, to kill them?  They could have fleas.  Bubonic plague.  Hanta Virus from their droppings.  
“Honey!  The cheese,” Chad calls from upstairs.
“Coming,” I call, gathering up the treats to entice them to their doom.  I am but a warrior, fighting for my space in this world.

Wren
Julia’s sister is coming for a few days so I call in Josie to cover for me so I can run over to Julia's house.  I pull into her driveway and notice her lawn mower in the front yard.  It won’t take long, as it isn't bigger than a small room, and their backyard is taken up by one of those “only in a magazine” pools with the rock waterfall and everything.  I would be jealous if she weren’t sick, and I wonder if you really can’t have everything.  If when you get too close to happiness, the pendulum has to swing back the other way so you don’t take it all for granted.
I look down her street, heat undulating up off of the asphalt, and find it amazing that people decided to live here in this hostile environment. Laska pads gingerly from the hot cement driveway to the shade of the front porch where he watches me begin to mow. 
Most of Julia's neighbors have opted for gravel and cactus gardens, and the light of it all, the lava rocks and chalky rocks, without any trees for shade, is blinding.  But Julia, with her green grass, perseveres, fights with the sun.  
I remember a conversation we had recently as I now push the little mower through the postage stamp of a lawn. “I wanted somewhere for the kids to be able to play,” Julia said a few months ago when Rain and I were laughing at the money she spent on irrigation.  “You can’t crawl on gravel.  Or roll around on it, or hide Easter eggs in it.”
“Or run in the sprinklers,” I said, getting into it.
“But you can throw rocks at each other, push each other into the cacti, look for rattlesnakes and scorpions,” Rain said, “what if you have boys?  What fun will they have with grass?”
“And I was so worried about the pool, and how we could safely enclose it, put up an alarm system in the back so I could hear if my baby got outside unsupervised.  So much to worry about, and here, now, I’m not even going to get pregnant,” Julia said, a cloud passing over the sun.  “Not much of a woman. And these,” she says, looking down toward her breasts, “traitors.”               “They’re just mounds of fat,” I say, knowing better, but just trying to get out of this conversation.
.  “You both could nurse if you want to.  That’s what they’re for,” she said, her lip now trembling.
  Don’t be greedy,” Rain said in her jokingly abrupt way. “You can't have everything.  It is a universal law.  You just can’t.”
“And you have Yuya,” I had said, trying to get Rain to be quiet.  “And he knows how beautiful you are, inside and out,” I reminded her.
“And your crotch still works,” Rain said.  “That’s all they care about.”
In spite of ourselves we laughed.  We didn’t have a choice.

I let myself into the darkened house and heard the TV going in the family room.  
“Hello,” I call.  “Housekeeping.”
There is no answer, so I creep back to find Julia asleep in front of The Maury Pauvich show.  I know she has been asleep for at least half an hour, because she never would have left it on this station; a talk show where parents argue over who has rights to the babies, or more importantly it seems to who doesn’t, who doesn’t have to pay child support. People, fighting about how the baby is not theirs, can’t be theirs.  Right now, there is a lot of yelling going on and I rush to turn the TV off before it awakens her.  But she startles awake by the sudden absence of noise.
“Wren?” she rubs her eyes and squints, confused at my presence in her family room.  Laska, always by my side, goes over to sink her nose in Julia’s blanket.  She is curled protectively around something, sleeping on her side as a pregnant woman does, cradling her belly.  Something small and white moves, pokes its head up and Laska jumps back, afraid at this mouse of a dog.  
“Who’s this?” I ask, going over to carefully lift the squirming puppy from its nest on the couch.
“Lily,” she says, propping herself up a bit to watch the two of us.  
I fuss for a minute, speaking nonsensical baby talk while Lily wags her tail excitedly.  I put her on the ground and she sits beside my sneaker, not much bigger than it is.  Laska gives her a cautious sniff and then, disinterested, flops with a thud on the tile floor in front of the couch.
“Your sister will be here tomorrow,” I say.  “Laska will keep you company while I get to know Lily.  Where shall we start?” 
Julia throws up her hands helplessly.
“Not you,” I clarify.  “Lily and I are going to whip the place into shape, right Lily?”At this, Julia smiles and nestles back into her pillow.  “Thank you,” she says hoarsely, already drifting back to sleep.  
I head toward the kitchen, Lily pattering behind.  I always start in the kitchen, as it reminds me of chaos and family and large meals, so different from the ones I heat up on my own portable stove.
 While I’m doing the dishes Lily becomes whiny at my feet, hopping up against me.  I end up holding her in one arm, my left, while doing the dishes with my right.  Not very effective, but oddly comforting. 
The kitchen is surprisingly bare save from Julia’s massive supply of vitamins and herbs lined up on the counter and the ginger ale and 7-Up in the refrigerator.  I wonder what Yuya exists on until I see the frozen meals in the freezer.  Mac and cheese, chicken strips, frozen tamales.  There are a few casseroles labeled for Diana’s visit and I pull them out to thaw in the refrigerator.
In the bathroom, I place Lily in a basket with towels and notice that there aren’t any of Julia’s long auburn hairs on the white tile floors.  This saddens me, how a bathroom itself can tell so much of how a person is living.  There is a wastebasket, empty and very close to the toilet, and I realize she must use this for when she vomits and has diarrhea at the same time.  
“Still throwing up?” I call from the guest bathroom near the family room.
“I was allergic to the anti-nausea meds they gave me.  Made me puke,” she says and starts laughing.  I smile while I wipe down the mirror and the counter, but then I hear the quality of her laughing change, from amusement to hysteria.  By the time I make it into the family room she is sobbing and rocking back and forth underneath the blue blanket I knitted for her.
“I don’t want to go,” she says while I sit beside her, pulling her close.  
“I know,” I say.  I don’t know what else to say.
“But I don’t know how much longer I can do this,” she says.
“Sit up,” I say, pushing her forward a bit.  I start to rub where her pelvis starts on her lower back, kneading lightly while her sobs subside.
“Stop,” she says.  “I’m sorry.  It just hurts too much.  What am I supposed to do?”
“Shhhh,” I say.  “You’re just having a bad day.  What can I give you for your pain?”
“Nothing.  Nothing works anymore.  Besides, if I take anymore, I’ll ruin my liver.”
At this, I smile and shrug. 
 “You’re right,” she says.  “Who cares?”
I go to the kitchen to get her a glass of water and her pain medication.  It is the one scooted up from the line on the counter, the one that is used most.  I return to the family room.
“Do you want me to call your doctor?  To find out about another medicine you can take for your nausea?”
“I don’t know.  No, Yuya will do it.  Will you ask Yuya to do it?” she asks, gingerly washing the pills down with the water.
“Mouth sores?” I ask.
She nods, falls back on the pillow.  
“I don’t know why I’m here,” she says. 
“You’re confused,” I say.  “Remember, they said the chemo might have that effect.”
“No, I’m not.  I mean, not now.  Do I matter?  I mean, what have I done that matters?”
I know what she is asking.  I ask it of myself in the middle of the night, of what my purpose is.  What the reason is. 
“I love you,” I say.  For this is the only answer that makes any sense.

Julia
I look around my bedroom, freshly cleaned thanks to Wren, and am deeply grateful for the healing she has brought.  To go to sleep in a clean room, fresh sheets, no dust bunnies under the bed, lemony smelling wood of the nightstand.  It all gives me hope.  Hope for a fresh start, hope for tomorrow.
  Diana is coming in the morning with the kids and I’m having a hard time sleeping.  I haven’t seen them for so long, they probably won’t recognize me.  A few years ago we would have gone swimming in the pool and hiking in the desert.  I don’t want them to see me in my suit, my once toned muscles now loose around my bones.
And we can’t go hiking as I just don’t have the energy.
“Take them to the Living Desert Museum,” Yuya says, turning over sleepily, reading my thoughts as to why I am still awake.  Yes, I think.  This way, if I get tired I can stay in the hummingbird aviary while they wander around the rest of the grounds, on to the javelinas and coyotes.  At the gift shop I’ll buy them prickly pear lollipops, or maybe this year they’ll be too old for that.
“Go to sleep,” he says.  “Everything will be fine.”  Carefully he places his hand on the small of my back, “Ok?” he asks.
I nestle into him.  His presence comforts me, better than any drug.
“Now go to sleep,” he whispers in my ear, his breath moving my hair.  I am oddly aroused for a moment, and I realize that three months ago I would have turned to him, touching his soft lips with mine, my body warming as his hands roamed.
But now, I nod and still my body.  My eyes, however watch the clock.  I slept all day.  I don’t know how much time I have left.  This is why the elderly have such a hard time sleeping.  They aren’t sure if they’re going to awaken in the morning.
My grandmother died a few years ago.  She hardly ever slept at night, but they say that was a symptom of her Alzheimer’s disease.  As she lost her mind, she became frightened. She forgot where she was, who she was, and it was like watching a caged animal frantically searching for a way out.  
My father, being a veterinarian, knew the most humane thing to do would be to put Grandma to sleep.  I know you aren’t supposed to talk like that, there are too many implications.  What if people started getting rid of the elderly in their family to collect their inheritance?  What if people started killing their spouses to collect insurance?  What if people got rid of people because they just didn’t like them, or they were a burden?  But we decided, as a family, that keeping Grandma alive would have been far less humane than helping her go.  That is our family secret though.  We loved our Grandma, and we let her go.  I just hope they love me enough to do the same.  


Diana and the kids get here surprisingly early, the kids groggy from their 7 hour drive in the car.
“Aunt Julia!” Jack says, dropping his stuffed tiger on the ground and running into my arms.  I inhale him, sweaty little boy, and it strikes me that I will never get to see him as a man, as the person he will become.  But also, I think, snuggling with him for one blissful second on my front porch, this is Jack, the best of him, right here, right now.
“We got up soooo early,” Carly says, nudging Jack aside to give me a hug.  
“Anything before lunch is early for you,” Diana laughs and reaches around them to give me a hug.  
“Lunch!” I say.  “You must be starving. Oh, and I have something to show you,” I say, grinning slyly at Diana.
Jack opens the door and immediately looks down to Lily, who is pawing at his legs already.  Carefully, he picks her up and holds her close.
“Awwww,” Carly says.  “What’s her name?  My turn Jack, hand her over.”
“Her name is Lily,” I answer.
Diana looks questioningly at me and I shrug. "Is that weird?" I ask.
She shrugs back. Sister code for "Yes, but who cares?"
“There is plenty of time to hold her.  No fighting,” she says, reaching for Lily.  “Now, you two go wash up for lunch and I’ll hold her for a while.”
“Nicely done Mom,” Carly sighs and heads toward the bathroom, singing a pop song as she goes.
“Will you ever be quiet?  Jesus, she sang all the way here.  Mom?  Make her stop?” Jack begs.
“Take off your shirt and go jump in the pool,” Diana says, trying to make everyone happy.  “Your aunt would love to see your new moves,” she says, shoving me out into the bright light of the backyard.  Grateful for a reason to sit down for a bit, I plop down in the chaise lounge and start clapping and cheering as Jack does canon balls and jack knives off of the diving board.  After a few exclamations I start to lose enthusiasm and my voice sounds hollow and fake to me, but Jack doesn’t seem to notice.
Carly comes out and sits down next to me, setting some chips and salsa on the table.  
“Mom said she’ll bring out some tamales in a minute, is that ok?”
“Perfect,” I smile.  “Aren’t you going to swim?”
“In a minute,” she says letting her flip flops fall off propping her bare feet on the arm of my chair, wiggling her brightly painted toes to glisten in the sun.
“Cute polish,” I say.
“The glitter’s hard to get off though,” she shrugs. “Are you going to die?”
“Of course,” I say, taken by surprise.
“I don’t mean ever, I mean, like soon,” she says, shading her eyes to look at me.
“I think so,” I say, leaning back and closing my eyes.  “You know how you can anticipate something, picture it coming up, and envision the way it turns out?”
“Yeah,” Diana says, handing me a glass of iced tea before she sits beside me, plopping Lily down on my lap.
“I don’t see me in any of it. I mean, stuff will still happen, I’m just not in the picture anymore,” I say.
“Don’t talk like that,” Diana says.
“I asked her Mom.  She’s just telling the truth,” Carly says.
“Why aren’t you in the pool?” Diana asks.
“I don’t feel like it yet,” she says.
“Yes you do.  Now go,” Diana tells her.
Carly hesitates, sees the set of her mother’s mouth and slips off her shorts with a sigh and walks over to the shallow end.
“Life’s short,” I call after her.  “May as well jump in.”
“Cute,” Diana says.  “And you don’t know what’s going to happen.  Why do you talk like that?”
“I do know,” I say.  “My body is quitting on me and I’d rather acknowledge it than live in denial.”
“But in acknowledging it, aren’t you giving it more power?  Power to continue it’s betrayal?” she asks.
I dunk a chip in some salsa, pop it into my mouth and throw some sunscreen at Diana.  “Power is in knowledge, in truth, in instinct.  Now, put some sunscreen on, you don’t want to get cancer,” I say.
“Or worse, wrinkles,” she says and slathers her arms.  A buzzing noise comes from her purse and she rummages through it, swearing as coupons and receipts fly out onto the porch.  
“Hey, I’m sorry.  Yeah, we just got here.  I love you too,” she says and hangs up.
“Just wanted to know you made it?” I ask.  
“Yeah.  He says “hi” and sorry he couldn’t make it.  Shit, I told mom we’d call her too,” she touches a button and waits for an answer.
I know she’s going to want to talk to me too, and I dread the conversation that is about to happen.  I wait as they make chit chat about the drive, the house, how good everything is.  They don’t talk about how bad I look, they can do that later, when I’m out of earshot, as if I don’t know.  I don’t want to make small talk, as Mom and I have never done that.  We talk about things, things that matter, that are important to us, and it never feels like chit chat, even if it is only about buying a new dress, or trying a new recipe.  But now, these things seem empty, mere cover ups for what we really want to talk about, and what we don’t want to talk about.  I want to talk about the fact that I won’t be here much longer.  She doesn’t want to.  As my mother, if she can’t help me, she’d rather pretend there is nothing wrong.  I tend to cater to her, the way she manipulates the conversation.  I follow her lead, as it is more peaceful that way.  But time is running out.  Things need to be said.  It may not be easy for her, but I’m tired of trying to make things easy.
I hear Diana winding up the conversation and getting ready to hand the phone to me.  I wave her off and get up to go inside.
“I’ve got to go to the bathroom,” I lie.  “Tell her I’ll call her later.”

August arrives with a still heat that threatens to drive me insane. I have been having some good days, and decide to celebrate with a little get together.  After I convince Yuya that I am feeling well enough, he offers to grill so I won’t have to cook.
“But I’ve been learning all of these great recipes,” I protest.  
“It’ll heat the house up.  It’ll take you two days to recover,” he says.
“So we’ll turn up the air, and I’ll rest for a few days.  Anything else?”
“Let me know what I can do,” he says, planting a soft kiss on my cracked lips.  “Feeling strong enough for a stroll through the desert?”
“It’s 114 degrees,” I say, “Not funny.”
“Matinee?”
“What else?” I ask. 
“The guys at work said that horror flick was pretty good.”
I smile widely.  “The guys at your work don’t like horror.”
“Right.  I know, so I lied.  But I’ll take you to see it anyway; I know how you love that crap.”
“Makes me feel all safe and warm inside,” I say.  “Seriously, it reminds me how lucky I am not to be the one being stalked or terrified.”
“Until you can’t sleep tonight.  Until you make me check the locks three times.”
“Until I make you hold me all night?  And don’t even care when you twitch and snore?”
“You’re right,” he says.  “Grab a coat.  It’s always cold in there.”

The next day, I'm still feeling quite well, and so we decide to go ahead with the dinner. We turn air down to sixty five to counteract the oven, which has been working overtime today.  Chocolate Éclairs and Coq Au Vin.  And for starters, a vegetable soup with a garlic and basil pistou.
“Damn, it smells good in here,” Wren says, letting herself in.  Lily is already running doggy laps around Laska who has flopped in the middle of the large entry by the dining room, and throws her head in Lily’s direction every time Lily thinks about slowing down.
“You look good,” we both say in unison, giving each other a hug.
“I brought these,” she says, handing me some lotus shaped candles.  “I know they don’t fit in with the French theme, but I was running late, and ya know, pilfered them from the store.”
“They’re perfect,” I say.  “Now, come get some wine and fill me in on what’s up.  You’re looking so thin!” 
“Oh, I’ve been trying anyway.  Do you like my new skirt?”
“Oh, God,” Yuya says, entering and then turning back around.  “Girl talk.  Call me when you’re done.”
“Stop it,” I yell, and he comes back, pours everyone some wine and gives me a quick hug.  “Since I know you’re just about to offer to help, can you just go sweep off the front porch and then maybe fold the napkins?  They’re in the dryer. Oh, shit, and I forgot to put in the bread.” I peel the towel from the bowl of dough still sitting on the counter, but it is only on its first rise and there isn't time for kneading.
Yuya sees my face. “That is what the corner market is for.  At your service,” Yuya salutes, and grabs the car keys and broom and heads outside. “I’m proud of you hon, everything looks amazing,” he calls as he goes back through the dining room.
“You are so lucky,” Wren says under her breath, watching him go.
“In some ways,” I say.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I just meant.”
“I know what you meant.  And you are absolutely right.  Now, help me get some of these hors d'oeuvres out there?  They aren’t really French, but I ran out of time.”
“Sounds pretty French to me,” Wren laughs.  “I’ll put them high so the dogs can’t reach.  Laska doesn’t care whether their haute, nouvelle or rustic, she eats everything.”

“This casserole is delicious,” Rain says, digging into her chicken.
“Rain,” Chad says, shooting her a look.
“What?”
“In some circles casserole isn’t exactly a compliment.  This is French cuisine,” he says.
“Thank you Chad,” I say. “But Mrs. Ryan taught me how she used to cook on the ranch.”
"Which isn’t all snotty," Rain interjects and shoots Chad a look. "It’s real food, for real people.  That’s exactly what I was saying. Anyone want to talk politics?  Or religion?  Or the fact that we can’t seem to keep the two separate?”
And the evening spun on.  My friends, dramatic discussion on philosophy and foreign policy.  Lily in my lap, Yuya at my side, laughter, candlelight, wine, and an overwhelming feeling of contentment.  Wren was right.  I am lucky.
“Did we figure it out?  World peace?” I ask, when I feel it may be getting a bit heated between Rain and Yuya.  
“No problem,” Chad says.  “Less complicated than the PTA.”
“Chocolate Éclairs?” I ask, to a room full of exaggerated moans and rubbing of bellies.  
“Can I help?” Rain asks, and she and Wren get up and start clearing for me. “Why don’t you men retire to the study with your cognac and cigars,” Rain says sarcastically.
“Got it,” Chad says, and he and Yuya go into the kitchen to start in on the dishes.

Fall
Wren
“They’re all just gimmicks,” I say, waiting for Rain to refute me as she goes through the divination tools in the shop.  Wands, crystals, candles, cards.
“I know what you mean,” she says.  “But the tarot cards work for me because I believe they work.”
“Maybe you’re just fooling yourself,” I say, my face turning red as the confrontational words fly out of my mouth.  But Rain just smiles.
“Maybe I am.  I guess we’ll never know for certain.  Here, let’s try something.”
She asks me to cut the deck and then lays them down in a Celtic Cross between us.
“See?” she asks.  “The five of pentacles.  These things always work.”
“I’m not cold,” I say, looking carefully at the card.  Two poor souls trapped in the cold, looking into a family, warm in the dining room, gathered around a feast.  “Kind of Oliver Twisty for me.”
“No.  You are feeling left in the cold.  You feel like you’ve literally been abandoned.  And see the Knight of cups card?  That is David.  Gentle, sensitive, emotional.”
“Oh my God,” I say, tears suddenly welling in my eyes.  “That isn’t David.  That’s Sean.”
“Who’s Sean?” Rain asks.
“My brother.  He died in the war.  We were best friends,” I tell her.
“I'm going to pretend like I'm not hurt that you haven't told me about him."
I look at her willing her to forgive me. Some things are too painful.
"He didn’t mean to leave you,” Rain says.
“I know.  And neither did David, but it still hurts,” I say, covering my face with my hands.
“It’s ok to sit in the storm for a while,” Rain says.  
“Aren’t you going to tell me they’re both still here?  They watch over me? Something?” I ask, sniffing and wiping at my red eyes.
“Why would I tell you something you already know?” she asks.  

I think of loss, and death, as I finger the smooth Rune stones that I’ve brought up from the store and into my bedroom.   I don’t know if the answer is here, but then I don’t really know what the question is.   Will Julia live?  I know the answer to that.  Her body is giving up, and she won’t be able to go on much longer in a body that no longer is suitable for housing her spirit.  Will I always be alone?  Aren’t we all, to varying degrees?  Will there ever be a warm body beside me at night?  Yes, that is the question.  I sift through the stones, turning them upside down until one feels right, and I turn it over. It is shaped like a capital R, but with sharp edges.
I thumb through the accompanying book that Rain recommended.  It says this symbol represents the path of a person, and how their life intersects with others.  It talks of three sisters in the Norse legend who work together to spin the fates of God and men, and I can’t help but think of the three of us, myself, Rain and Julia. It talks of dead ends and detours.  A journey that never ends.  

 I just need to make it through another night, and the foreign looking marks, like sticks, or bones, give me peace.  They are an ancient tool.  People have been grieving and searching for connections between the living and the dead for thousands of years.  I am a part of it, this world, and I contemplate this connection as I snuggle into my warm bed. Laska snoozes beside me, her head on a pillow as if she is a person.  Her breathing, rhythmic and soothing, reminds me that I’m not alone, and I relax against the heat of her as dreams swim in and I am carried away by sleep.
I dream of water.  Fresh, cool water that I am swimming in.  I am a dolphin, surrounded by other dolphins.  Sean and David are two of the dolphins.  We swim and play until I need to breathe and go to the surface.  When I break the surface I become human again and am too afraid to go looking for them. The water, once clear and bright, now looks dark and bottomless.

Rain
“You’re glowing,” Chad exclaims, putting down his briefcase full of papers to grade, and coming over to hold me as I sauté the chicken.  “Oh, God, you aren’t pregnant, are you?”
“Would that be so terrible?” I ask, turning to him.  I don’t know why I do this to him.  I don’t want a baby any more than he does.
“No, of course not.  I mean…”
I interrupt him.  “I’m not pregnant.  Remember, I’m on the pill, cause you’re too much of a wuss to get fixed?  The bloating, the nausea from the hormones every month, remember?  So you don’t have to have a weekend with ice on your balls.”
“Good, so you’re not pregnant,” he says.  I glare at him.  “I’ll go.  I promise.”
“When?” I ask, walking over to the calendar on the wall.
“Why are you glowing?” he asks.  “Stop it!” he says, as I thumb through the phone book.  “I gave you my word.  I’ll call Dr. Cutsack in the morning.  So,” he says, throwing the phone book back on the counter, “what’s up with you?”
“I think I’m helping Julia,” I say, “with the Reiki, and the readings.  And she’s told a few people, and women are starting to come into the store and ask for me. Oh, and Dr. Cutsack, very funny.”
“I swear, that’s his name.  Do you think he felt obligated or something?” he asks, showing me the number for, sure enough, Dr. Cutsack.
“How come you never heal me, mom?” Ruby asks, coming into the kitchen and grabbing for a bag of chips.  I take them away and offer her some carrots instead.  “I’m not that hungry,” she says.  “But Tracy tripped me at recess.  She says it was an accident, but I know it wasn’t. See?” she asks, showing me her scraped knee.  “Make it better,” she says.  I give her a look, not enjoying the tone of her command.  “Sorry Mommy,” she says softly, “please?”
I slide down against the cabinets, the tile cool against my legs as I sit on the floor.  I pull her onto my lap and put my hands gently over her knee.  Her weight sinks into me, relaxing into the nest of my body, and I know, as a mother, there is nowhere I’d rather be.  I glance up at Chad, a voyeur to our little moment and nod toward the chicken on the stove.  “I was just going to go upstairs and change,” he says, but he sees the look on my face, and rolls up his sleeves to attend to the chicken. 

Julia
It is fall.  And it is 90 degrees.  Too hot to go outside, too gorgeous to stay in. I need to get out, but I don’t know where to go, what to do.  Yuya is away for a few days for work.  He calls every chance he gets.  This morning I heard the phone stop ringing just as I got out of the shower.  I called him right back.
“I was worried,” he said.  “I’m coming home.”
I laughed.  “I was just taking a shower.  I promise I won’t die today.”
“Not funny,” he said.
“I wasn’t trying to be.  Look, everything is fine.  I’ll see you tomorrow.  The girls are going to hang out with me today.  Don’t worry.”  After he told me he loved me three times and made me repeat his cell phone number back to him in case I had forgotten, I was able to get dressed and call Wren.
“Can you get the day off?”
“I can try,” she says.  “What’s up? You ok?”
“I’m fine.  What’s wrong with people? Jesus.  Anyway, let’s call Rain.  She’ll know what to do.  Bring Laska and pick up Rain and then come get me.”
“Yes sir,” Wren says, probably snapping her hand at her forehead.  
“Time,” I say, “is running out.  My leadership qualities are surfacing.”
“Something is surfacing, all right,” Wren says.  “We’ll be there in half an hour.”

Rain
I call my mom to see if she can pick up the kids for me after school when I hear from Wren.  My mother pretends to be put out, but I know she enjoys watching the kids, and they love going out to see her.  Dad will have to take her to get them in his dusty old truck, and Jamie may act embarrassed in front of his friends, but I know he’ll be excited about the adventure.  His grandfather will walk with him, and fill his head with a blend of history, folklore and tall tales while they look for glimpses of rattlesnakes and desert hares.  Ruby will stay in the cool house with Mom, and hopefully they’ll make some fry bread for me.
I gather from Wren that the agenda is up to me, and the usual hike is out of the question with Julia being so weak, the heat, this early in the morning, already threatening to turn the desert sand to glass.  This day calls for Mt. Lemmon, I think, and the excitement grows as I run around the house gathering enough sweatshirts and mittens for all of us.  
“Where are we going?” Julia asks from the passenger seat, looking up warily at the winding road ahead of us.
“Pine trees!” Wren calls excitedly from the back.
I look sideways at Julia and see her relax and inhale the pine scented air.  I turn the air conditioner off and urge the girls to roll down the windows.  The air up here, less than an hours drive from Tucson, is at least twenty degrees cooler.  
“I can almost picture the ocean,” Julia says.  “Foggy air,” she says, snuggling into Chad’s sweatshirt with a content grin.
“And the cypress and redwoods with ferns growing underneath.  Moss and fog and wind chimes.  Yes, it smells like wind chimes!” Wren exclaims.  “I didn’t realize how much I missed Northern California until I saw the trees.  They look like creatures from the past.”
“Old friends,” Julia says.  “You know, when I was a kid, my parents took us to the Ancient Bristlecone Pine Forest, up in the Sierra Nevada Mountains.  Those trees were all twisted and gnarled.  Four thousand years old, some of them, and still alive.  Can you imagine?”
“There is nothing wrong with cactus,” I say, not meaning to, but feeling defensive over their longing to be somewhere else.
“Because they make you appreciate trees,” Wren says.  
“But those bristlecone pines.  They adapt to things.  They don’t have a choice.  What do you think they have seen? You know how they finally die?  It isn’t even their fault. The soil gives way, only like a foot every thousand years, but eventually the roots, which are shallow to begin with, are exposed, and the tree falls over.” Julia says.
“Wow,” I say, keeping my eyes on the winding road as we climb closer to the peak.  “We’ll have to go there sometime.  But,” I say, “I’m hung up on one thing in your story about these trees.  You said it wasn’t their fault that they die.”
“Well it isn’t,” Julia says.
“It usually isn’t someone's fault when they die. You know that, right?”
Julia flops back in her seat, looks out the window.  “Sometimes I think if I had just caught it sooner.  I don’t know.  I’m still angry with my Grandmother, for the way she died.  Alzheimer’s.  It was just so awful.”
“Everyone has their own way.  With life, and death.  It isn’t for us to judge, or to figure out.  And it certainly isn’t your fault,” Wren says, surprising even me.
“Mt. Lemmon,” Julia says, closing the door on the subject.  “Even the name reminds me of home.  Lemons are my favorite.  Favorite scent, favorite flavor, favorite color.  Did I ever tell you that?”
“Little Miss Sunshine,” I say.  “A walk through the woods?  Or some antiquing?”
“Antiques!” Wren shrieks, pulling herself up so she may as well be sitting between us.  “And pie! You put lemon meringue in my head.  Where are we going to find some pie around here?”
I pull into the first parking lot I spot.  We get out of the car and instantly bundle up, not used to the cold air.  The sign out front of the greasy spoon diner next to the antique store has a special.  “Lemon meringue,” it reads.  “All you can eat.”
“No way!” Julia exclaims.
“Can you believe it?” Wren asks.
But my answer, is yes.  I can believe it.  When you are in the company of those you love dearly, sometimes the world unfolds at your feet.   

Julia
I have never been into antiques.  Kind of like I have never been into politics.  A person, or a thing, has to speak to me, regardless of their platform, age or dollar value.  Rain walks around, smoothing the worn wood with her hands, appreciative, I think, of what a particular table or chair has witnessed.  Wren is frantic almost, looking in every nook to see if there is a bargain, about to be snatched up by someone who saw it first, which is especially amusing because except for the three of us, and the disinterested older man reading a paper behind the counter, the store is empty.
A wave of dizziness hits me and I sit in a comfortable wing back chair in the center of the room.  I recover and a telescope on a nearby table catches my eye. It is the old-fashioned kind that you hold up to your eye.  I take it up to the counter.
“This was made in England and brought over to New Hampshire,” the man says, turning it over in his hands approvingly.  “I’ll bet many a woman used it while pacing the widow’s walk, waiting for their sailors to come home.  Who’re you waiting for?” he asks me with a wink.
“Oh.  No.  It’s for my husband,” I say.  He, I think, will be the one pacing, looking for me, and knowing I won’t ever be coming home.  The notion of him, lost and waiting, wrecks me.  I pay for the telescope, signing blindly below the dollar amount, too high I’m sure, and run out of the store.  
“I’ll be right back!” I call to Wren and Rain as they still mill around.
I call Yuya on my cell phone and sit on the worn planks of the front porch.
“You in a meeting?” I ask.
“No, not yet.  You ok?”
“Fine.  Listen.  You know I need for you to be happy after I go.  You have to promise me you will find someone else.”
“I can’t talk about this.  You aren’t gone.  There may still be…”
“Stop it.” I say firmly.  “Promise me.”
“I’ll be fine,” he says.
“And you’ll fall in love again.  And be happy,” I say.  “Promise.”
“Julia,” he stalls.  I wait.  The seconds tick by, marked by our breath over the distance.  Finally, I win.  “I promise,” he says with a sigh.  It is only now that I feel better.  He is a man of his word.  I don’t need to worry about him.

The girls come out as I hang up the phone.
“Empty handed?” I ask switching gears back to “girl’s day out” mode.
“They have the best hot chocolate at the store on the corner,” Rain says.  I shrug.  “You ok?” she asks, “you look green.”
“Hot chocolate sounds good,” I lie.  
“Yeah, I’m getting chilly,” Wren says.  We look at her to see if she is kidding, but she stands there in her t-shirt, rubbing her arms for warmth in the 75 degree weather.  
“You’re already used to the desert!” Rain exclaims.  “A convert.  Good.  Let’s go warm up.”

The toffee flavored hot chocolate is good, and the cup is comforting in my hands as I roam the little gift store.  Diana’s birthday is coming up in November, and then Yuya’s in December.  I pick up a card with soft colors and sparkles and open it.  
“I am so lucky to have you as a friend,” it says.  “Happy Birthday.”  My mother always said you don’t have to love your family.  You have to earn love, she said, you aren’t obligated to give or receive it.  Diana and I have earned it, “Always sisters,” I will write in the card.  “Always friends”.  I love the beautiful watercolors on the card and look to find one for my mom.  Her birthday isn’t until March I realize, and I probably won’t be here to give it to her.  And my niece and nephew, what if I have seen their last birthday’s?  Not to mention Christmas, Thanksgiving, graduation, weddings.  I start pulling cards for them and for every occasion I can think of.  
And Wren, and Rain, they have been such good friends.  I want them to know how much I appreciate them.  As a joke, for Rain, because I know she will get it, I buy a sympathy card.  I will write in it about how sorry I am for her loss.  I’ll write about what a wonderful friend I was, what a great spirit I had.  A pre-bought sympathy card from the deceased.  Yeah, I think, laughing out loud.  This will keep Rain laughing for weeks.
Forty four cards comes to 180 dollars.  The cashier is pleased, but concerned for my sanity.  I can tell by the careful way she is looking at me.  
“What a sweet thing to do,” she says.  I forget that people can tell.  My hair, or lack of it, my sallow cheek bones.  
“Oh, well, not really,” I say, reaching for the bag.  “I’m doing it for me.  I can’t stand how much I’ll be missing.”  
She smiles and nods, tucking away our little meeting in a corner, to be brought out again over dinner, tonight with her husband.  “We are so lucky,” she will say, patting his hand.  “We have our health.”  

Wren
Rain drops me off at the store and I see Josie is locking up and leaving as I come in. I am restored in a way that only a day with no worries and the carefree attention of your friends can leave you.  The sun is setting purple and orange, and Josie turns the store lights off. This is when I love the store and my little room the most.  Filled with the energy brought by the day, still humming with it, but quieting for the night ahead.  It isn’t lonely yet in this hour before the sun falls and I feel like I am somewhere.  It hits me with a jolt that I feel like I am home, and I relax my shoulders and let down my defenses when I walk through the door in such a way that I haven’t in years, even when I was living with Jason.
“You look tired,” Josie says, giving me a quick hug.
“Tired, but good tired,” I say.  “Stay for some tea?” I ask, hoping secretly that she will decline.  I am talked out and need some time to myself.
“Thanks, but the hubby is waiting.  Wouldn’t know how to start dinner if he were starving,” she says with a shrug and a laugh.  She acts as if this bothers her, but I know it is only an act for my sake.  I know she is happy about being needed.  If I had really loved Jason, I may have felt the same way.  
I see her out and lock up behind her, thinking a bath is in order.  A glass of cold white wine, a good book borrowed from the section on spirituality, and some bubbles.  Upstairs is stuffy, and I open the window, inhaling the green astringent scent of the geraniums in the window box.  The desert sand is illuminated purple as the sun sinks behind Mt. Lemmon, and I take a mental snapshot to remember this day. 
I choose a book blindly from the shelf. This is my new trick as I have such a hard time deciding. It talks of kindness and love directed at oneself.  I'm so sick of these, they're all the same and I almost put it down until I remember my trainer at the gym telling me that the exercises I dread doing are the ones that I need to do the most.  
“Pay attention to yourself.  Start with the outside and work your way in.”  Yeah, that’s a tough road I think, starting on the outside.  The light flickers a bit when I think this, and I wonder if a thunder storm is on its way.  But then it flickers again and I think of Sean.  I read in a book last night that spirits can alter the electricity in a room, and I wonder if Sean is here, telling me that I’m being too hard on myself. 
When he was six and I was in junior high and would come home in tears with a poor grade, he would be the first to give me a hug.  “Did you study?” he would ask, mimicking the words of my parents.
“Yes,” I would say, smiling at his seriousness.
“Do you know what you did wrong?”
“Yes,” I would say.
“Then you are learning,” he would say.  “And isn’t that the point?  Besides,” he would finish, touching my cheek lightly, “the dinosaurs wouldn’t care.”  My mother always told us this, and now Sean, in his infinite little kid wisdom, liked to repeat it.  The dinosaurs wouldn’t care about your failed marriage either, I can almost hear Sean saying.  You are learning, isn’t that the point?

After my bath I put on the lemon scented lotion that Julia bought for me.  The words from the book are still ringing in my ears and I start from the outside.  Shoulders, now golden from the sun, arms, still a bit flabby, but toning thanks to the salads and hikes with Laska.  My collarbone, starting to show in more relief that it has since I was pregnant.  I realize that I have missed its form, the sexy hollow where my necklace rests, the strong bones showing the frame of my strong body.  And my breasts.  I have avoided them since David was born and they were working separately from me.  Producing useless milk, wasted and down the drain. Angry red stretch marks streaking to the nipple.  
But my breasts have regained their old shape, if maybe a bit droopier.  Still voluptuous, nothing to be angry at.  How could I be angry at my own body, I wonder, trying to do the only thing it knew to do, sustain life.  I put lotion on them, realizing this is the first time I’ve touched them in almost a year.  I have neglected this part of me, the part that makes me a woman and makes me feel feminine, and I am ashamed that I have turned my back on myself.
I put on my thin white cotton t-shirt and climb into bed.  I am suddenly tired from this realization of how I’ve been treating myself.  I go to turn the light off on my bedside table, and beside my bright blue bag of runes, there is one turned over.  I’m sure I put them all back in the bag, so this comes as a surprise to me.  No one has been in my room, and I would feel it if they had.  I pick up the rune and finger the strange symbol.  It is the shape of a triangular hourglass on its side.  Like an infinity symbol with angles rather than curves.  Carefully I place it back on top of the bag and make a note to find out what it means in the morning.

Winter
Rain
My breasts are sore from poking and prodding them so often.  I do self exams in the morning in the shower, at night before bed, and absentmindedly while I watch the evening news.
“Don’t you think you would know if something were wrong?” Chad asks.  
“Yes.  No.  Julia didn’t know,” I say, clicking off the television.
“You aren’t Julia,” Chad says.
“Brilliant,” I say.  
“Besides, let’s say you found something.  Would you go to the doctor?”
I nod. “Of course.  Your point?”
“They would tell you you’re paranoid.  You’re too young.  They don’t feel it, or see it.  Go home.”
“I’d keep going until I found one that would listen.  You have to be persistent.”
“But you don’t have anything wrong honey,” Chad says, pulling me up off the couch.  “And you can’t go back and change what is happening to Julia.  This is her illness, her life.”
“We’re all tied together.  You know that,” I say going into the kitchen to dump my tea, and get some water for after I brush my teeth.  “Her journey is connected to mine.”
“How do you know?” Chad asks.  “What if you are on the same road, but going in opposite directions?  What if she is on the off ramp and you are speeding by?”
“What if you are getting a ticket from the stupid metaphor police?” I ask, turning off the light, following him up to bed.

I surf on my laptop while Chad snoozes beside me.  I find a woman who sells herbs in Santa Barbara.  There is something about her unassuming website that I like, the humble black and white picture of her.  I think she is actually trying to help people rather than make money.  Naïve perhaps, but a possibility.  Her name is Grace, just like Julia's mom, so I take it as a good sign.
I creep out of bed and downstairs.  It is late, but I feel a sense of urgency.
“Hello?” Grace answers on the first ring.
“I’m sorry.  I know it’s late, but I wanted to talk to you about sending some tea down for a friend of mine.  She has breast cancer,” I say. 
“I’m so sorry to hear that,” she says, as if she knows me and was expecting my call. “From the tone in your voice you either just found out, or it's advanced,” she says.
“The latter,” I say.
“I have some Chinese herbs I’ll send, tell her to take as directed.  And I’ll send my stress-free blend and my blend for pain management.  Herbs with soothing and anti-inflammatory qualities.  Now, drink the de-stress tea twice a day, especially in the evenings.”
“Oh, you misunderstand.  These aren’t for me, I really do have a friend.”
“No.  I get it.  I know it’s your friend.  The soothing tea is for you.  The other one is for her, along with the Chinese herbs of course.  Are you ok?”
“I’m fine.  I told you, I’m not the one that’s sick.  In fact, I’ve been trying to heal her.”
“Sometimes the healers need healing,” Grace says.  “So, are you ok?”
I realize I am not when the tears start at 10:00 at night, talking to a stranger as if I am in the ocean, stranded on a buoy, and she just happens to be passing by with a rope to tow me ashore.

We talk for hours.  She tells me of her house by the ocean and the small herbal shop she runs from there.  I tell her of the healing I’ve been doing out of Wren’s store and the conversation flows as if we’ve known each other for years.  It is so exciting to talk to someone who is always searching, reading, looking for new ways of healing, spiritually and physically. She reminds me to do cleansing rituals on myself and not to let the toxins of my clients invade my personal life, my family and home.  She has a peaceful, uplifting, “everything will be ok” attitude that is contagious, and I am filled up by the time we start yawning and realize that it is already midnight.
As I check on the sleeping kids and crawl back into bed beside Chad, I reflect on how our paths converge with each other.  I feel as if I have just made a life-long friend.  And even if I never speak to her again, I know there is someone out there that gets me, and I am comforted.    

Julia
I know my days are numbered and I repeat the old mantra in my head.  Live each day as if it is your last.  But today I am fuzzy headed and tired and I feel horrible that all I want to do is nap.  This romantic notion of living every day to the fullest has me wallowing in guilt.  I don’t even feel like I am good at living.
Rain has me on a new regimen of herbs that seem to help with my energy level when they don’t make me feel like puking.  Today I couldn’t keep them down.
I am asleep on the couch when Yuya gets home. He carefully picks me up.
“I don’t want to go to bed,” I protest sleepily.
“I know.  We’re not.  Don’t drop your blanket, and I’ll take you for a ride.”
He has already padded the passenger seat in his pick-up truck with pillows and he tucks me carefully in a cozy little nest and runs around to hop behind the wheel.
He answers my questioning look.  “Just a ride, I told you.”  This answer doesn’t satisfy me, but I roll the window down and smell the desert as we ride in the darkness.  The saguaros look like gigantic people in their desert town, holding court with the coyotes and the bats. 
After a while we are near the reservation.  It's darker here, as there are only a few lights and the sky is bright with stars.  Maybe we are going to visit Rain at her parent’s house, I think to myself.  But instead, we start up the winding road to Kitt Peak and the observatory.  Another car is parked on the side of the road and we park beside it.  Yuya helps me out and makes a new nest for me to recline in the back of his truck.  
“Surprise,” Rain’s voice whispers as she climbs in beside me.  Wren follows suit, the two of them next to me, my head resting on the pillow in Yuya’s lap.
I turn to look at my friends, but don’t know what to say.  Instead, I reach for their hands.
“There’s supposed to be a meteor shower tonight,” Yuya says, “but it could be a while.  You comfortable?” he asks.
I nod my head, looking heavenward, wiping the tears from my eyes, and not wanting to miss a thing.  

Wren
I sit beside my best friends and watch the night sky, but all I can feel is the heat from Yuya’s arm against mine.  I can’t believe he doesn’t feel it too. It's an overwhelming heat that travels the length of my body, just from his bare upper arm touching mine.  This makes me not want this night to ever end, but also makes me sick to my stomach.  I am the worst possible human being to ever walk the face of the earth.  
I am quiet during the evening, not wanting to say anything overwhelmingly stupid.  This isn’t easy, as I tend to become quite chatty when I don’t know what to do with myself.
At one moment I see a movement beside me, bringing me out of my star gazing fantasy life, and I turn to see Yuya tilt Julia’s head back so he can kiss her gently.  I can’t help the fact that my stomach lurches, falls to my feet.  I can’t help the tiny noise that escapes my lips.
“Oohhh, look,” I say, pointing upward.  “Did you see that one?” There could have been a shooting star, I wouldn’t know, because I wasn’t watching, but there could have been.
“Where?  Damn it, I missed another one,” Rain says.  
We settle back into watchful silence, my heart keeping time with the second hand on my watch.

Finally, alone in my room, I fall into a restless sleep and dream of Julia, pale and dying, and yelling at me for betraying her.  I wake up feeling as if I am guilty of something.
I pour myself some strong coffee and hope for a slow day with few customers so I can relax and treat the store as my own living room.  Reading, drinking coffee, remembering the feeling of Yuya’s arm against mine.  “You are one twisted bitch,” I mutter to myself and decide to push the whole thing out of my mind.  He never felt a thing, nothing happened, I’m being silly.  I brew the coffee and remember to look up the meaning of the hourglass rune that I have been meaning to look up for weeks.  “Happiness, satisfaction.  A connection between spirit and nature,” it says.  Thank God it doesn’t say traitorous whore loses all of her friends.  
I don’t give the definition much credence as I don’t feel balanced or happy, but it gives me a bit of hope nonetheless.  I pull a stool up to the counter and flip through a book, but have a hard time concentrating.  The hum from the air conditioner and the chimes from the new age music are hypnotic.  In my mind I’m sitting in the back of the truck star gazing.  His smooth skin smells of sunshine.  The phone rings and startles me.
“Hello,” I say, flustered as if the caller can read my thoughts.  “I mean Moonstars,” I say.
“It’s just me,” Rain says.
“Oh, hey,” I respond.
“That’s it?  How about an explanation for last night?” she asks.
Heat rises to my face.  “What do you mean?” I ask, knowing exactly what she’s talking about.  
“You barely said a word last night.  I mean, I kept trying to keep things light, which, as you know, around Julia can be a bit difficult, what with her, ‘someone dies every seven heartbeats, did you guys know that?’”
“She’s just trying to get us ready for the inevitable,” I say.
“You could have at least tried to help.  Told one of your stupid jokes.  Anything.”
“I’m sorry,” I say stiffly.
“No need to get pissy,” Rain says, sighing.  “It’s fine.  I know we’re all out of sorts over this. Cold air isn’t free Ruby, close the door,” she hollers as I hold the phone away from my ear.  
I use the interruption to my advantage.  “I’ll let you go,” I say quickly.  “I’ve got a customer,” I say for good measure, even though the door hasn’t opened yet this morning. The bells hang quietly, accusing me of yet one more lie.  

Julia
The sun streams through the kitchen windows, blinding me as I try to watch Yuya while he makes his toast, scrambles some eggs and squeeze some oranges.
“Wren was weird last night.” I say to Yuya, a sly smile on my face.
“Really?” Yuya asks.  “You want some?” he asks, holding out a glass for me.
“Nice try.  Don’t play dumb with me.  I don’t have time for that.  Anyway, listen up.  I want you to be happy when I go.  I’m not saying you have a thing for her too, because you love me, right?”  I ask, looking down at my wasted body, going from feeling generous to needy in one breath.  
Yuya stops making his breakfast and comes to sit next to me at the table.  He looks in my eyes.  “You are my one and only,” he says.  “Always will be.”
“But that’s what I mean.  Right now, fine, but after I’m gone, I really want you to find someone.”
“We don’t have to talk about it now. We've actually already been over this,” he says, getting up and going back to making his eggs.
“Well, I need to go over it again!” I say, louder than I mean to.  I stand up, the smell of his eggs making me nauseous.  
“Ok, ok,” he says, holding me around the waist and helping me into the living room.  
“I’m not worried about me,” I say as he lays me down on the couch.  “You have to promise me that you’ll be ok,” I plead.  Yuya turns his head away, but not before I see his eyes well up.  “Yep,” he says and hurries back into the kitchen.  
“Yep!” I scream back at him.  “What the hell kind of answer is that?”  But his response is silence, covered by the overly noisy clanging of pots and pans, so I continue my tirade. “You didn’t want me to be comfortable, you just wanted me out of the kitchen.  You promised me, remember, when I was with the girls the other day?”
More clanging, and then the water in the sink. Now I hear plates hitting each other.
“Don’t break those!” I yell.  “I like those!”
“Oh yeah?” Yuya says, drying his hands off on the dishtowel as he huffs back into the living room and stands stiffly beside the couch.  “What do you care if I break them all?  You have no intentions of being here.  You already have me married off to your best friend.”
“Stop it,” I say.  “It’s just….”
“You want me to make it easier for you to die?  Is that what you want?”
I am quiet for a minute.  Lily jumps up onto the couch and curls up in the pillow I was using.  
“Yes,” I say.  “That is exactly what I want.”
Yuya looks at me, taken aback by my proclamation.  He throws his hands up, as if to say, “What am I going to do with you?” and I can’t help but smile at him.
“I’ll keep taking the herbs and my meds, which will at least buy us some time.  I just need you to know that I don’t know how long it will be.  I don’t know how long I can hang on.”
“Don’t do me any favors.”
“Don’t be an ass,” I say.  
“Can we just take it one day at a time?” Yuya asks me when the fire alarm goes off.  “Shit,” he says, running into the kitchen.  “Everything’s ok,” he says after some cursing and running water.  “I wasn’t hungry anyway.  But can I get you anything?”
More time, I think.  But I just pat the couch beside me, inviting him to sit for a moment.
He does, but I can tell he is antsy.  Healthy people don’t hang out on the couch in the morning.  
“You’d better get to work,” I say, nudging at him to get up.
“You’ll be ok?” he asks.
I nod.  I am lonely, sad, and scared.  I am bored, sick and angry.  I want to cry all day.  I want my mother to hold me and tell me it’s going to be ok.  “I’m fine,” I say, and shoo him off to work, to life.
 
Even in Tucson, I am caught up in the excitement of Christmas.  The smells warm me all the way to my toes.  I bake an apple pie, a pumpkin pie, a pecan pie, just for the smells.  Ginger, nutmeg, and cinnamon greet Yuya in the entryway before he even opens the front door.  
“How did you do this?” Yuya asks incredulously as he comes home from work on the Friday before Christmas. I nod toward the boxes in the recycling.  “I know they’re filled with gunk and partially hydrogenated nonsense, we don’t have to eat them, but I just wanted the smells.”
He holds a bottle of champagne up from behind his back.  “I thought we could celebrate,” he says.  “Our second Christmas together, what do you think?”
“I’m a lucky woman, is what I think.  Can I pop off the top?”  I’ve always shied away from this, as if I were incapable.
“Just hold the,” Yuya starts, but I shush him and untwist the wire, pointing it away from myself toward the window box over the sink. I’ve seen this done before, you never point it at yourself, or someone else. Before I get the wire undone, Yuya throws a towel at me to hold over the top, but the cork flies up earlier than I expect. It startles me and I jump.  The champagne sprays, the window breaks, and very calmly, while Yuya stands there in shock, I pour two glasses.
“I’ve always wanted to do that,” I say.  
 “Here’s to us,” Yuya says, “and the fact that I know you well enough not to say I told you so.”
“To us,” I say as we clink glasses and go into the living room.
“Can we build a fire?” I ask.
“With the breeze coming in from the kitchen window, we’ll need one,” he says, kneeling to put logs in the fireplace.  
“Will you help me put a tree up tomorrow?” I ask.
“What else would I do?  We’ll go first thing in the morning.  After we see about fixing the window.  Now, would you like some S’mores?”
“And some pie.  That’s what we’ll have for dinner.”
“Perfect,” he says.  “I wonder why we never did this before.”
Because I wasn’t dying before, I think.  Because I was on a diet.  Because you don’t need to build a fire when it is 80 degrees outside.  Because it didn’t make sense, and now it does.

Spring
Rain

“Does that feel better?” I ask Julia as I finish up her Reiki treatment.
“Better than any drug,” she sighs, pulling the covers back up to her chin.  
I smooth the hair back from her forehead and tell her to get some rest.  The heat from my hands was intense today, and I could feel the ancestors, hers and mine, working along side me to ease her pain.  Today was different though.  I felt a switch, as I realized on a spiritual level that I wasn’t easing her pain by curing her physically, rather easing her pain by helping her make the transition.  
“Sweet dreams,” I say softly as I close the door behind me.  I go down to her kitchen to have a glass of water and wash the residual energy from my hands when Yuya comes in from the backyard swimming pool.
“There was a red-tailed hawk that just kept circling over the pool, closer and closer,” he says to me.  “What do you think that means?”
“That you have some tasty looking rabbits and mice in the brush behind the wall.” I respond, knowing he wants more from me. I watch his face and he waits.  “She’s dying,” I say softly.  “The herbs and the healing sessions seemed to help for a while, but it's too much now. She’s so tired.”
He nods quickly, his chin set sternly to avoid trembling.  I open my arms and give him a hug, the only thing I know to do.
He pulls away.  “It’s spreading,” he says.  
“She didn’t tell me,” I say.  But I knew.
“They don’t think there’s anything else they can do.  I mean, of course they are willing to do more chemo, more drugs, more everything.  They are even willing to go in and try to find it all and get it out.  But we all know that would just kill her,” he says.  “In a way, I knew this was coming.  I knew she wouldn’t fight it until it killed her.”
“She’s doing it on her own terms,” I say.  “And no one wants to die in a hospital.  Home is where she needs to be right now.”

Wren
I try to be supportive, but I feel surrounded by death.  My brother, my baby.  I don’t know if I can make it through another one.  I go to Julia’s house to say goodbye.
She’s sitting up in bed, thumbing through a tabloid.  Her room is spotless, and I know that her mother has been fussing and cleaning as even the windows are sparkling.
Guiltily, she smiles.  “You’d think I’d be reading something deep and meaningful, but I just can’t concentrate,” she says, tossing it aside and patting the bed.  “Is it wrong to want Tom Cruise to get sick?”
“I think he may already be.”
“No, I mean, he thinks everything can be cured by positive thought, isn’t that right?”
“I don’t know, something like that.”
“Well what is he going to do when his kids, or his wife gets sick and he can’t think his way out of it.  Oh, what do I care?  I’m just trying to distract myself, it’s like I’m just waiting.  Waiting to get my hair done, or for another doctor's appointment.”
“You are waiting,” I say, my lip trembling.  “And I can’t wait with you.  I’m so sorry, I just don’t think I can.”
“You don’t have to honey,” she says.  I lie down next to her and we look into each others eyes.
“You aren’t mad?” I say. 
“Oh, yeah, I’m mad,” she says.  I don’t move away, but I don’t know what to say.  “No, sorry, inside joke with my family, you know, mad, meaning crazy?  God, I’m not angry.”
“Grammar lesson. Thanks a lot.  I feel like such a coward.  I mean, I should be here for you now.”
“Everyone deals differently,” she sighs.  “You do what you need to do.”
“I feel like I’m running away,” I say, sitting up, pushing my hair back from my face in a moment of confusion, frustration.
“Don’t run away,” Julia says.  “But don’t stay either,” she shrugs, “I don’t know.”  
“I love you.  You know that,” I say.
Julia smiles at me.  “Take care of him for me,” she says.
“What? The dog, I thought it was a she,” I say.
“You know who I’m talking about.  I need to rest now. Close the door on your way out?”
I get up and lean down to kiss her forehead as her eyes close.  “Goodbye,” I whisper.  She is already asleep, but I know she heard me.

Julia
“You aren’t supposed to outlive your kids,” Mom says as she arranges some daisies by my bedside.  
“Sorry to disappoint you,” I say with a wry smile.  
“Yeah, you’ve always been a pain,” says my sister Diana, holding onto my hand.  Our laughter falls short when we notice the stunned look on Mom’s face.
“I’m going to be ok,” I tell her.  
“I know that,” she says, swiping at her nose and lifting her chin.  “Aren’t these daisies beautiful?  I got them from your side yard.”  
I know her enforced confidence is hiding not concern for me, but for her.  She, being a mother, recognizes the selfishness of her feelings and tucks it deep down inside her.  I know it will resurface at odd times.  Upon waking, going for walks, watching a child play, whipping together a quick dinner, she will be gripped with grief over me.  She will miss me, and she will be sad.  After going through this with Grandma, she knows how hard this will be.  
“Don’t remember me like this.  Please,” I plead with her.  
“Nope.  Just the good times,” she says.  
“Like the time, remember,” Diana starts, as I knew she would, and I drift back into sleep.

A light pressure against my leg startles me and I awaken to find my niece Carly curled by my side.  I smooth the hair on her head and she props herself up to look at me.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” she says softly.  
“I’m happy not to be sleeping,” I say.
“What’s it going to be like?” she asks.
“I don’t know.  That’s the fun of it,” I say.  “A new adventure.  A new frontier to be explored.”
She looks at me doubtfully. “What if it’s just over? Like a dark feeling of nothing.”
“Oh, it won’t be, that I am sure of.  My spirit doesn’t need this broken body to live.  In fact, my body is just holding me back now.  That’s why I have to move on,” I reassure her.  
“Like you graduated and have to go to a higher class level?” she asks, smiling a bit as she is excited about her own prospect of middle school next year.
“Kind of.  I just think of it like this. I learned the lessons that I was supposed to learn in this body, in this place and time.”
“I hope you don’t get too much math next time,” she says.  “I hate math.”
I laugh out loud at this.  “No matter what, I’m going to come visit you once in a while.”
“Come as a dolphin,” she says, no question in her voice.
I picture her searching the horizon for dolphins at Zuma beach as she does so often in her spare time.  From her accounts, I know she spots dolphins almost every time.
“That,” I say, “is a promise.”

“Mom,” I call. Yuya is in the shower, unable to hear me over the sound of running water. I have been putting off this moment, not having the strength to tell Yuya, but knowing I have no choice, not wanting to wake Mom from the bliss of her dreams.  The sky is beginning to turn from black to grey and I can’t wait any longer.
“Mom!” I call again as loudly as I can.
“What is it?” she asks, clutching her robe at her chest and squinting in the light that I have just turned on.
“Did you give Anne the letter?” I ask, referring to the letter that I wrote when I was well.  The letter about not keeping me alive if I am dying an inevitable death.  About not prolonging the pain when we all know what is happening.
“The lady from hospice?  Yes, several weeks ago.”
“I need her to come now,” I say.
“Oh honey,” Mom says, coming to sit beside me.  “Are you…” she starts to ask, and then stops when she sees my drawn face.  The pain has consumed any possibility of joy.  “I’ll get her, I just, well…” she says, looking around, suddenly confused.
“Her number, the phone,” I say, handing both to her in a moment of clarity.  “Can you get Diana, Dad?  Tell them for me.  I don’t know if I can.”
“Tell them what?” Yuya says, emerging from the bathroom, a towel around his waist.  He looks at me and I nod. He comes over to sit beside me on the bed.  “You sure?” he asks, urgently reaching for his pants.
“Why does everyone keep asking me that?” I ask slowly.  My energy is gone from fighting the pain.  I am ready.  I know I am ready because at this moment, I need it to stop.
He takes in my pasty face, frail body, and faded eyes. 
“You’re beautiful,” he says.
I roll my eyes, too tired to talk, knowing he will understand. I reach for his hand, hold on tightly.
“Don’t worry about me,” he says.
“Then promise you won’t worry about me,” I say.
“I’ll miss you,” he says, burying his face in his hands, standing up to pace.
“Give me a kiss,” I say, reaching my hands up to bring him to me.  He comes back to my side.  “You would have gotten sick of me,” I whisper.  “Like, remember when we rented the Titanic?" We had talked about how Jack and Rose wouldn’t have grown old together even if they both had survived.  They would have grown tired of each other, had affairs and divorced. Bitter and nasty.  "Death, that makes for a much better love story,” I smile.  He shakes his head, gently kisses my dry lips.
“I love you,” he says, looking deeply into my eyes.
“I love you too,” I say.  I close my eyes, content for a moment, the pain taking a momentary break from its grip on my body. I feel my spirit rise for a moment, but the pain grips me again and reels me back in.
“Julia,” Diana says, shaking my softly. Yuya stands behind her.  I can tell from the look on her face that she thought I was already gone.  I smile weakly.  “I love you sis,” she says, leaning down to give me a gentle hug.  I smile and nod.  “I’m sorry,” I say.
“Don’t,” Dad says rushing in his pajamas.  “Don’t apologize.  You close your eyes now and rest.  Anne will be here in just a minute and everything is going to be ok.”
“I know.  I just,” I pause, breathe deeply through the pain, “don’t want you to think I’m giving up,” I say.
“Did you do your best?” Dad asks sternly, as if he is talking to my eight year old self about a math test.
Solemnly I nod, swiping at my nose.  “Then, no tears,” he says, just like he would when I was little, “I’m so proud of you.”  Mom stands a few feet behind him, silently shaking.  He takes my hand, looks back to Mom and with a subtle movement of his head, and urges her toward me.
She climbs into bed beside me and lays there, smoothing my hair back. “I’m not going anywhere,” she says. 
“It hurts,” I say.  I am a child in bed and uncomfortable with the stomach flu.
“Shhhh,” she says. “It’s all going to be ok now.  It’s all going to be ok.” 

Wren
When I get back to the store it is after 8:00 in the evening. I make myself a cup of herbal tea and retreat upstairs to my little loft.  The tea tastes like dirt and grass and I dump it and go for a diet coke.  The answering machine blinks insistently and I hit play as I change into my soft night t-shirt.
“It’s your mother.  We haven’t heard from you in a while.  Why don’t you come visit? Are you there?  Well, anyway, call me.” Click.
“Hey, it’s me,” Rain says next.  “I figure you went over to Julia’s.  Are you ok? Call me.” Click.
“Wren, honey, it’s Dad. Your mother wanted me to call and tell you I want you to come out.  Of course you already know that.  She thinks you need an invitation.  You are always welcome here.  We know you’re going through a hard time.  Just do what you need to do.”
It is this last sentence that gets me.  I pick up the phone and call home.  
“I don’t know what to do,” I say when Mom picks up.  “That’s the problem.”
“Well, get the dog and hop in the car and come have a break,” Mom says.
I picture this scenario.  I might run into Jason, I’ll have to go grocery shopping with Mom and Dad, walk with them around the lake, do the dishes with Mom, do yard work with Dad.  
“I can’t,” I say.
“Well,” Mom replies, shoving the hurt so far down in her throat it comes out in a huff of air.  “I’ll send you some money for a new haircut,” she says, “highlights even.”
I wipe the tears that have started.  No one can fix this for me.  “No, I’ll be ok.”
“Well, have it your way,” Mom says.
“Mom! God, this isn’t about you.  Can we not make this about you?”
“Do you want to talk to your father?” she asks, already going to his desk to hand him the phone.  I can see him there in the warm lamplight, tinkering with something that is broken, a piece of Mom’s jewelry perhaps, or catching up on the day's news.
“Hey peanut,” he says.  This is enough to start the tears again.  He hears me sniffle.  “You’re tired.  You’ve had a tough go of it.  Your baby, your husband-what an ass-, your brother.  And now your friend.”
“I know,” I groan, leaning back on the bed.
“Go easy on yourself.  Sleep on it.  You’ll be ok.”
“What about tomorrow?” I ask.  “What if something bad happens tomorrow?”
“Oh no,” he says “you’re getting it all out of the way early.  Only good stuff from now on.”
“You really believe that?” I ask.
“It is what it is,” he says.
“And that would be?”
“One hell of a ride.  Now, get some sleep.  Give us a call whenever.  You know we’re here.”
“Love you Dad,” I say, hanging up the phone, turning off the light and falling into a sleep so deep and dark, not even dreams shine through.
 
I awaken early to a gorgeous Sunday morning.  The sun seems reluctant to climb in the sky, enjoying the cool night air herself as it lingers over the desert.  I throw on some jeans and hiking boots and dangle Laska’s leash for her.  She runs over, barely able to contain her excitement long enough for me to get the leash on.  
Eager to beat the rising sun, we head out, eschewing breakfast for the rare pleasure of a hike in the still cool desert.  We hop in my car and drive to a trailhead just outside of town.  Laska paws at the window, knowing we are headed for a walk full of hares to chase and cacti to dodge. 
No one is parked at the trailhead and we set off, just the two of us and a bottle of water.  The trail quickly turns from the soft desert sand to the rocky path side winding up and over some hills and then back down into a lush canyon.  We walk, Laska pulling me up the hills, both of us running too quickly down the slippery declines.  
I see some cactus wrens beginning a nest in a saguaro.  Despite the spines around their nest, they make a cozy little home in the middle of the majestic cactus.  I stop for a moment to rest and get a drink, and as we’re standing there, the bristles on Laskas back rise and I look down the path to my right to see a coyote. It's just standing there, watching us.  Laska lunges but I hold her on the leash and the coyote lopes back into the brush, a silent ghost.
We come to an overlook with a nice flat rock for watching the sunrise over the valley.  I sit and pat the sandy rock beside me.  Laska sits obediently and leans a bit against my shoulder.  I lean back, her fur and strong body comforting as we soak in the rising desert sun.  A red tailed hawk screeches from above and I look up to see it circling in a draft.  I think of Julia as it rises, and that is when I realize that she has died.

Rain
Julia died at 6:30 this morning.  Just as the sun was rising.  A new beginning, not an ending. For her.  But the weight of her absence is unbearable.  
Yuya called right away.  
“I don’t mean to wake you,” he said, “but she would have wanted you to know.”
“Ok,” I say dumbly, rubbing the sleep from my eyes.  “Yes.  I’ll be right there.”  
“Is she gone?” Chad asks, rising from bed, coming to the closet where I stand numbly looking for something to throw on.
I nod, not able to speak, and he stands there behind me, just holding me, holding me up.
“Who called?” Ruby asks sleepily as she climbs into our bed. 
“No one,” Chad says.
“It’s ok,” I say.  “Julia’s husband, remember Yuya?  Julia died last night,” I tell her, going to the bed to comfort her.  She loved playing with her “aunt” Julia.
“Don’t be sad Mommy,” Ruby says, taking my hand.  “Her body was just all worn out. But now she’s free.  Right?”
I smile, my own words coming out of my child’s mouth. 
“It’s still hard for people, though, to lose someone they love,” Chad says, sticking up for me in his own way.  
“She isn’t lost Dad,” Ruby says, rolling her eyes.  “She’s everywhere.”  
I squeeze Ruby, tell her I love her, and give Chad a hug. I go to wake up Jamie as his alarm clock sounds.  I sit beside him.  “Julia has died,” I say, pulling the pillow from his squinting eyes.   The cozy boy smell of his flannel sheets envelops me as his skinny arms pull me in for a hug.  “I’m sorry Mom,” he says.  Again, I am speechless, and I nod, give him a peck on the cheek and run out the door, knowing the sobs will catch up to me when I am alone in my car.
 
Julia
Anne arrived just as the pain enveloped me and my spirit rose from my body, severing the tie that kept me earthbound.  She gave me a large dose of pain meds, and slowly my body shut down.  My spirit stayed in the room with them as they sat with my dead body.
Dad was the first to leave.  “She isn’t in there anymore,” he said.  “I’m going to go take a walk.”
And then Diana.  “I’ll come with you,” she called.  “Get Carly and Jack.  I don’t want them to see her like that.”
And then Yuya and my mother, on either side of me, sat silently for a while.
“Would you like to be alone with her?” my mother asked him.  And Yuya, knowing my mother all too well, knew that was her way of needing to be alone with me.  He shook his head, and rose to leave.
When the door shut behind him, my mother spoke to my body, and my spirit, still in the room, heard her.
“I didn’t think I would be able to live through the death of one of my children,” she said.
It isn’t your time
“You were the best daughter a mother could ask for.”
You were the best mother
“I know you’re with my mother now.  Don’t let her drive you crazy.”
Grandma isn’t sick anymore
“I’ll miss you”
I’m here mom.
 
Wren
I can’t believe that Rain wasn’t able to get away for Julia’s memorial in California.  Chad had a business trip he couldn’t cancel, Jamie had a game she had to watch, and Ruby probably had a dance recital.
“I could get my parents to watch them, but this game was so important to Jamie,” she said.
“She would understand,” I told her, and of course she would.  She never would have expected us to go back to California for her memorial.  And I’m not upset that Rain couldn’t come, but it would have made it a bit less weird if she were here with me, making me feel less alone with Yuya on the plane.  He listens to his I-pod, sitting so still I glance over to see if he is asleep.  
He catches my eye, pulls his earpiece away, raises his eyebrows and waits for me to say something.  I shake my head, go back to my magazine.  I don’t even know what I’m reading; I can’t get my thoughts straight. I’m trying not to move too much.  Every time I move, my limbs brush against his, sending an involuntary wave of heat up my spine, only to turn into a cold sweat from the iceberg of guilt in my guts.  But my back hurts.  It’s as if there is a steel rod of fire in my lower back thanks to these damn airplane seats.  And it doesn’t help that we aren’t even off of the ground yet.  Just stuck while a crazy monsoon rages outside.  The plane actually sways with the wind gusts.
“Aren’t we a big metal target?  For the lightning?” I ask, forgetting about the I-pod, looking at Yuya.
“What?” he says, pulling his ear piece away again.
“The lightning.”
“Yeah,” he says, sighing and looking out the window.  “Julia loved the thunderstorms.”
“We’re just stuck here?” I ask.
“Oh, no.  It’ll blow over in no time.  They always do.”
“I thought if you could see the lightning and hear the thunder, you were close enough to be hit.” I say.  
Yuya smiles for the first time in months.  “Rubber soled shoes help,” he says, showing me his sneakers, looking down at my flip-flops.
“These are rubber,” I say hopefully, bringing my foot up onto my knee to show him.
“But they aren’t close-toed.”
“Oh,” I say.
“I’m teasing you,” he says, placing his hand firmly over mine.  “Everything’s going to be ok.”
The nerves from my entire body race to my hand and do a dance.  I sit motionless, stare straight ahead, concentrate on my hand.  
“Are you ok?” I ask him, turning to look at him.
He shrugs.  I wait.
“Too soon to tell,” he says.  “I feel like it hit me a year ago, like a truck, ran back over me a hundred times over the last year, and now I’m just tired.”
I nod.  “But you’re still bleeding in the middle of the road,” I say.
His eyes connect with mine.  For the first time I see the golden rays in his dark brown eyes.  
“It’s ok to lay in the road for a while,” I say.  I know, I think, I’ve done plenty of that myself. 
He nods and looks blindly out the window at the storm.  I close my eyes, his hand still warm on my own, and try not to move.  


“Julia would have wanted us to gather here,” her Dad says at the beach where she and Yuya got married.  “Just three short years ago, we welcomed a son into our family on this beach, and too soon, we are here to say goodbye to our daughter, his wife,” he says.  “I wish I understood it, but,” his voice cracks and he stops, looks at his family and friends, gathered around him at the edge of the ocean.  Diana moves in to save him.
“I was going to read that saying, you know the one about not being gone, just being around the corner?  But I don’t think I can get through it.  And you all know what I mean. Mom?”
Diana looks at her mom, who is standing a bit separate from everyone, looking out at the ocean, as if in a trance.
“She knows we love her, and she loves us,” Julia’s mother Grace says, tracing an arc in the sand with her toe.
“Dolphins!” cries Carly pointing just beyond the waves.  
As if on cue, better than any trainer at Sea World could have pulled off, a single dolphin leaps into the air and does a flip.
“Hi Aunt Jules,” Carly says, and we stand there, feeling a part of it all.

Summer
Rain
I still pick up the phone to call Julia.  I think on some level I feel her presence and I actually forget she no longer has access to a phone.  But every day, a bit of the ache is replaced by a bit of gratitude for having had her in my life for as long as I did.  

The only good thing about summer in the desert is the monsoons that wash away the stagnant air as a reminder that things change.  Chad, the kids and I like to walk the desert after a good storm, inhaling the creosote scented air.  The air tricks the kids into talking to us as we walk, telling us what they wouldn’t say in the air conditioned staleness of the family room.
“I’ve decided to be a singer, not a dancer,” Ruby confesses.  
“You’re only seven Rube,” Jamie says.  “Besides, your voice kinda sucks.”
I give him a warning glance, but he already has his arm around her shoulder.  “Just kidding,” he says and then comes over to Chad.  “But Dad, when can I get a cell phone?” he asks. 
“As soon as you stop teasing your sister,” he replies.  “We’ll see,” he amends, when he sees the look I throw in his direction now.
The kids take off a bit ahead of us, looking to find some poisonous creature like a Gila monster to shriek over.
“I’m reading this great book,” I tell Chad, as he puts his arm around me.
“Tell me about it,” he says.  
I stop and look at him, look up ahead at the kids, and sink into the moment.

Wren
The store isn’t too busy in summer.  Tourists aren’t crazy enough to come here with the temperatures soaring over 110 degrees, and locals aren’t stupid enough to get in their cars and go anywhere unless absolutely necessary.  So I read a lot, answer the phone when Rain calls, meet her for lunch occasionally, and take Laska out for our early morning hikes.  
I’ve called Yuya a few times to check in on him, to make sure he is ok.  He has immersed himself in his engineering job and I worry about him.  And I miss him.  The several times I have spoken to him he is polite, yet remote, and I hang up, the emptiness in my stomach so vast it aches all the way up to my throat.  

Fall
Wren
I keep the store open late on Halloween.  Rain brings Ruby in before dinner, already all dressed up and ready for her trick-or-treating.
“Oooh,” I say coming from behind the counter to inspect her outfit.
“You are a gorgeous…,” I say, taking in her black sweats with random red stripes, her red and black makeup. I finally look to Rain for some help.
“Gila monster,” Ruby says.  “And I’m not gorgeous, I’m scary.”
“Right.  Too scary for candy?” I ask, and she looks at me slyly, waiting for me to offer her the bowl.   I turn my back to get it and the bell on the door rings.  “Good, more trick-or-treaters,” I say and turn around holding the bowl brimming with chocolate goodies and fruity eyeballs.
Yuya stands there with a pumpkin in his hands.
“Hey!” Rain says.  “Long time no see.  Come on in!”
“Oh, I didn’t know, I just,” he says, looking from me to Rain to Ruby.  “Gila monster,” he smiles.  “Spooky.”   He comes over to me, holding out a perfectly round pumpkin as if it is a dozen long stemmed roses.
“Ok, we’d better go,” Rain says in an odd, sing-song voice.  She takes Ruby by the hand and they dash out the door.
“I didn’t mean to chase them away,” Yuya apologizes and pulls up a stool as if he has nowhere to go.
 “How are you?” he asks.  He leans on the counter and looks at me intently.  I can’t help but slow down in his attention.  I can’t help but compare it to when Jason would ask me how I was, how I felt under pressure, three minute limit, before I would lose him to the television or a phone call from a buddy.  Yuya isn’t looking at his watch, or around at the store, he is looking intently at me as if he has all evening, no rush, nowhere he’d rather be.  
“Pretty good,” I say, a sunrise of blush creeping up my neck and face.
“How long do you have to stay open?” he asks.
I shrug. “Doesn’t matter.  I just do it for the kids.”
He gets up and goes to the door.  For a minute, my heart stops and I think he is going to leave.  He opens the door and peers into the night.
“Pretty quiet out there,” he says, his head banging the bells on the door.  “Sorry,” he says, righting them again.  “Walk?” he asks.
I leave the lights on but turn the sign to "closed" and lock up.  He leads me to his car which stands alone under a blinking street light.
“I thought we were walking,” I say.
He opens the door for me.  “Not here,” he says.  
I watch him walk around the front of the car to his side and I shiver and tuck my hands under my legs.
“Cold?” he asks.  I’m not, it’s a nervous habit, but I nod nonetheless, at a loss for words.  He reaches behind us and pulls a soft navy blue sweatshirt from the backseat.  I don’t put it on, but lay it over my chest like a blanket.  It takes all of my strength not to bury my nose in it.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
“You’ll see.”
“Are you planning on strangling me and dumping me in the desert?”
“Nice,” he says, turning to look at me, his eyes showing the hurt.
“I’m kidding.  Sorry.”
“But if I were I wouldn’t tell you." 
“Nice,” I say, and we laugh.  I roll down the window to feel the cool desert air and look up at the stars.
The city gives way to tumbleweeds and prickly pear, the saguaro standing watch.  We get close to the trailhead where Laska and I hike.
“Stop,” I say quickly, surprising myself.  He turns into the pullout. 
“You said you wanted to walk,” I say.
“Not into cactus in the dark.  Scorpions, rattlesnakes, coyotes, javelina.  Are you kidding?”
Now he sees the look of hurt on my face.  He gets out of the car and comes around to open my door.
“You’re right,” he says, offering his hand and helping me out.  “I’m a chicken.”  He takes the sweatshirt before it falls on the ground and carefully places it around my shoulders.  He doesn’t let go and pulls me toward him slowly.  I fall toward his chest, and rest my cheek against his beating heart.  We stand there motionless, the moon rising above us.  
I feel his heartbeat quicken before I feel his hand on my chin, forcing me to look up at him.  When our lips touch, I am dizzy, and I feel myself spinning toward a place deep inside me that I didn’t know existed.  A place that feels like warming my feet by the fire while snow glides down the window panes.   At the core of me, I am finally home.

Reluctantly he breaks away and persuades me back into the car.
“A walk,” he says, running his fingers through his short hair and starting the car.
We drive in silence for a moment, both of us concentrating on the dark stretch of road.
“Do you feel bad?” I ask, turning to look at him.
“No.”
“Then why won’t you look at me?” I ask.  Hysteria rises from my stomach, threatens to make my chin tremble.  “Julia…” 
“Don’t,” he cuts me off.  We pull into a well lit suburb.  Costumed children walk in groups to the large adobe style houses.
“Let’s walk then,” I say getting out and slamming my door a bit harder than I intended.
He doesn’t take my hand as we walk on the sidewalk, dodging the trick-or-treaters and their smiling parents.  I stop.  He walks for two paces and then looks back at me.
“What?” he asks.
“I won’t do this.  I won’t pretend that you aren’t thinking about her.  I won’t fill in for her.  I won’t pretend like everything is ok, when clearly, it isn’t.”
He walks back to me as my voice rises, reaches for my hand.
“I didn’t think of her, not while I was kissing you.  Not once.  That’s why I…”
“Do you think it’s too soon?” I ask. 
“No.  We need to live.  We are here, right?  But what if we end up not even liking each other?”
“I like you,” I say softly, reaching up to touch his cheek while we watch a group of kids go up to a door.
“Trick or treat!” they yell.
“I never got that.  Who answers 'trick'?” he asks me.
“You know that smell?” I say, ignoring his rhetorical question.  “The one of the fall air mixed with the candles burning the inside of the pumpkins?” I take a deep breath.  “You know what that means?  It means that things are going to be ok.  Sure, we have to make it through winter.  But spring is always around the corner.”
“And then fall again,” he says glumly.
“And that gorgeous smell,” I say, pulling him to continue along with me.  “She told me to take care of you,” I say.  “So don’t be such a pessimist, not on my watch.”
“She told me to take care of you,” he says. “But I don’t know if she had this in mind,” he says, pulling me toward him for another kiss.
“Of course she did,” I say, my hand pushing him back to look up into his face.  “Julia was smart.  She loved both of us.  Besides, spirits aren't jealous.  She’s up there, out there,” I say flinging my arms around.  “She’s a part of it all now, and she wants us to grab what we can.  She’s happy for us.”
“So we’d be doing her a dishonor by not hooking up,” he says.
“Who said anything about hooking up?” Playfully I punch his arm.  “How about dinner?  I’m starving.”
“Tacos or pumpkin pie?” he asks as we head back toward the car.
“Do you know a place where we can get both?” I ask.
“You want it all, huh?”
“I’m through messing around. Oh,” I say, reaching the car door and turning my back to the car, leaning against my door as he leans to open it.
“Yes?” He stands straight, waits.
“Don’t play games with me.  I’ve been through too much.  If you don’t want to see me again, at least have the courtesy to call and tell me that.”
His teeth shine white under the streetlight as he grins at me.  
“I just don’t have time for games,” I say.  “So don’t.”
“I’m an engineer, remember?  I don’t know how to play games.”
“Scrabble?”
“I’ll kick your ass at Scrabble,” he says.  “Now stop worrying about what might happen and enjoy the moment.”
I step aside for him to open my door and sink into the leather seat.  This time I hold the sweatshirt up to my nose and breathe deeply.

Rain
I get the kids off to school and call Wren at the store.  It is only ten minutes after 8 o’clock, but I can’t wait another second.  The phone rings until the machine picks up.
“No I don’t want to leave a message for Moonstars,” I yell at the beep, “I want to talk to Wren.”
I call her private phone upstairs and she answers sleepily.
“Don’t you have to open the store at 9:00?” I ask.
“Yeah.  So? That’s in fifty minutes.  What do you want?.”
“I’m dying.  What happened?”
“Nothing.” Her voice goes up like it does when she is hiding something.  Or excited.
“Stop it,” I say.  “Get yourself downstairs and make us some coffee.  I’ll bring food.” I survey my cupboard.  Some rum cake left over from last night with some whipped cream, which would go perfectly with Wren’s strong coffee and hopefully some good news.

“Well?” I say over the clinging bells, Wren calm behind the counter.  She quietly puts the catalog she is thumbing through down and comes around to give me a hug.  Something is up.  She is being too calm.
“Careful of the cake,” I say, holding it out of the way so it won't get squished.  She pulls back, a smile surfacing on her face.
“It’s going to work.  He’s the one,” she says.
“Oh.  Whoa.  Come on.  That’s a little psycho sounding.”
She takes the cake from me and goes back to the counter, unwrapping it and putting two huge pieces on our plates.  I hand her the whipped cream and she shakes it and tops them off.
“Laska and I are going for a hike later,” she says.
“Whatever.  What’s going on?”
“Nothing.” She offers me my coffee and cake and pulls a stool up for me.  “We’re right together.  I recognize his eyes.  We’re meant to be together.”
“You recognize his eyes?” I ask.  
“Not because I’ve seen them before, I mean in this lifetime, it’s that feeling of….”
“Déjà vu,” I finish for her.  “I had that with Chad. Wow.  I’m really happy for you.”
“Damn this cake is good,” she says nodding happily.  “What’s going on with you?”
“I’m actually thinking of starting a new career,” I say, excitement creeping into my voice.  Saying it out loud will help the momentum of it all.
“Yeah?”
“I haven’t told anyone yet,” I say, chewing slowly, still a bit reluctant to come out with my idea.  
“Don’t worry,” she says.  “I would never call you a psycho, being your good friend and all.”
“Right, point taken, you’re nicer than me, we all know that.  Anyway, I’ve been thinking.  Well, you know how they have mid-wives, doctors, nurses, coaches?  All of these people to help people in the birthing process?  Why don’t they really have the same support for the dying?  It seems you are either fighting to live or dead.  But there is an in between, and people need the equivalent of a midwife for the dying process.”
“Hospice?  Are you going to work for hospice?”  
“I might.  I’ve been reading a lot about it.  How different cultures and religions deal with death.  I’d like to help people with their journey.  I think hospice might be a good place to start.”
“Don’t you think it would be depressing?”
“I’ve thought about that too.  But I don’t think so.  How can anything so natural, that we all have to go through, be depressing?  It shouldn’t be.  That’s my point.  What do you think?”
“I think,” Wren says, “that you should give it a try. I think you would be an excellent death-wife.”
“Gross.” I put some whipped cream on my coffee.  “I’ll join you on your walk,” I say.  “You’re going to have to help me come up with a better name for this new idea.  A good idea deserves a good name.”
“Transition counselor?” Wren asks.
“Too rehab sounding.”
“It’ll come to you.  Just sec,” she says, picking up the phone as it rings.  “Moonstars, how can I help you?  No, we don’t have books on UFO’s, but we do have crystals to protect you from alien abductions.  Ok, we’ll see you later,” she clicks down the phone and smiles at me.  “We make a good team,” she says, “I help them with their journey here, give them the tools, so to speak, to make it through, and you help them move on.”
“You don’t really have an anti-alien abduction crystal. You are so bad.”
“Faith takes many forms,” I say, holding up a quartz crystal.  “And you are the one that explained to me that some people need their faith to be more concrete.  They need props, tools, things that fit in the palm of their hand to make it real.  I have found that this mineral protects people from whatever they are afraid of.”
“Just because you tell them it does?”
“Because they need to believe it does,” Wren says, turning it over in her hands.
“Have you felt Julia around lately?” I ask.
“Not really.  I mean I had a dream about her.”
“It probably wasn’t a dream,” I say.
“Oh, and something that Yuya said last night, you know when he brought the pumpkin over?”
“No, I’ve already forgotten that.  What are you talking about?”
“Shut up.  Anyway, he said he was watching TV and there was this psychologist on one of the channels talking about moving on after someone has died.”
“Cool,” I say.
“No, but wait, that isn’t the weird part.  The weird thing is that he really didn’t want to watch that and he changed the channel.  But the channel kept changing back to the psychologist.  All by itself.  Yuya thought it was a sign.”
“He’s quick.  I wonder how many signs he had before she had to hit him over the head with that one. I hope I can turn the channel from the other side.  Chad won’t even let me near the remote as it is.” I go to refill my coffee cup.  “So when’s the wedding?”
“Oh, I don’t know.”
“Yes you do,” I say.  
“Yeah, you’re right.  But don’t throw that around.  You know how scared guys can get.”

Winter
Wren
“Moonstars,” I say, picking up the phone even though it is past six and I am in the process of locking up.
“Oh, good, I caught you,” Yuya says. I still warm at the sound of his voice. We've been seeing each other almost daily since Halloween. “How was your day?”
“Fine,” I say.  
“You sound down.  You want to come over for dinner? I’ll pick something up on the way home.”
“Perfect,” I say.  “I’ll meet you there in about an hour.”
I organize the bookshelf and wipe down the glass counters.  The phone rings again and I ignore it, eager to spend the evening with Yuya.  Then my personal phone upstairs rings.  
“Shit,” I say, taking the stairs two at a time to get there in time to hear my mother’s distraught voice on the machine.
“Call me back,” is all she says before hanging up.  Hands shaking, I call her quickly.  

“Are you home yet?” I call as I let myself into Yuya’s house.  It is still Julia’s house too, I think, noting the décor that of course, has remained the same. Ivory and beige.  Elegant, just like Julia.
“In here,” Yuya calls from the kitchen.  
To my surprise, there is a lovely meal on the table.  
“Is that your china?” I ask, walking over to look at the table.  He looks at me as if to say “Duh,” but thinks better of it.  “What’s going on?”
“You sounded like you needed a mini-vacation,” he says.  “So, I stopped by the travel agent and picked up some options.  Hawaii, Lake Tahoe, the Carolinas.  What will it be?”
I take the brochures and give him a hug.  “We need to talk,” I say. “Wine?” I ask and plop down in a chair while he pours.  
“My mother just called,” I say.  “Remember her brother, the one I told you about?”
“The alcoholic?” He places our dinner on the table and sits beside me.
“Yeah.  His only child, a grown woman now, has had mental problems her whole life.  Schizophrenia,” I say, watching him eat his steak with gusto, not understanding that what I’m about to say will impact our lives.  Well, my life.
“She has twins.  A boy and a girl.  Grandma is dead, my mom’s brother is too much of a mess, and Jessica, my cousin, has managed to get herself into a lot of trouble.”
“What kind of trouble?” Yuya asks, motioning toward my food, knowing I’ll get sick if I don’t eat and continue downing my wine at this rate.
“Drugs.  Indecent exposure.  Leaving the kids alone for hours at a time,” I say, waving my fork around.  “CPS has taken the kids away.”
“How old are they?” Yuya asks.
“Almost three,” I say.  “I only met them once, we’ve never been close.  And look, I know this doesn’t involve you, but there is no way I’m going to let those kids get separated, lost in the system.  I’m going to adopt them.”
“Wait a minute,” Yuya says.  “The mom will want them back.  You know she will.”
“She’s already signed them over.  Legally she no longer has any claim to them whatsoever.”
“And the Dad?”
“She doesn’t even know who it was.”
“Ok.  Doesn’t know who the father is.  What if she was doing drugs when she was pregnant?”
“That’s a real possibility,” I say.  “They might not be perfect little children.”
“That isn’t what I meant,” Yuya says.
I stop eating and look at him.  “Of course it is.  I’m worried about that too.  But that isn’t the point, is it?  They’re children who need a good home.  They’re family.”
“When can we meet them?” Yuya asks. 
“I don’t know.  I can’t even think straight,” I say, taking another sip of wine.  Yuya hands me a piece of bread and pours some olive oil into a tiny dish.  
“You can’t raise twins above the store in that tiny loft,” he says.
“I know.  I’ll figure something out.”
“Why don’t you stay here?” he asks, falling from his chair onto one knee.  “Marry me?” he asks.
“What?”
“That isn’t the answer I was hoping for,” he says, sitting back into his chair.
“I wouldn’t want you to feel rushed, just because of the kids.  It wouldn’t seem right.”
“On the contrary,” he says, raising his glass, waiting for me to do the same.  “I am a believer in timing.  And right now, in this moment, I know we are supposed to spend the rest of our lives together.”
“You just now realized this?” I ask, clinking my glass with his.
“Is that a ‘yes’?”
I nod, the tears already sliding down my face.  He stands, open arms, and I find my place in them.
After a moment, I realize what has just happened.  “I can do this on my own,” I say.
“What are their names?”
“Sean and Shannon,” I say, “in case anyone ever doubted we were Irish.”
“I’ve seen you put away the liquor,” he says, motioning to my wineglass.  “I never had any doubts.”

I stay the night with Yuya, as has become our habit over the last few months. He cleans up the dishes while I sit at the kitchen table.  I’ve already called the social worker and my mother, several times over the evening.  Finally, the phone sits silently on the counter. 
“What’s wrong?” Yuya asks, flicking a bit of water toward me as I sit moping at the table.  I shrug.  “You’re tired.  Overwhelmed.  Had too much to drink,” he says, drying his hands and coming over to move my empty glass aside.  He stands behind me and kneads my shoulders.
I hang my head, letting him work on the knots in my neck.  That is when the tears start.  “Come on, let’s get you to bed.  It’s been a long day.”  I nod, and stand up, but when he turns to go, I don’t follow him.
“That isn’t it,” I say, when he turns to see why I’m not behind him.  “What if you’re just marrying me because you’ve always wanted to have kids?  Look, instant family,” I say, throwing my hands up.  “Convenient, but, what if  you're on the rebound?  What if you don’t really love me?”
“Wait a minute.  Where is this coming from?” he asks, taking my hand and leading me into the guest room downstairs that doubles as his office. His computer glows in the dark room, and he fumbles in a drawer for a minute.
“Like I said before, will you marry me?” he asks, holding out a simple but stunning solitaire diamond ring.
“How long have you had this?” I ask.
“Again, not the answer I was hoping for.”
“I already said yes!  Quick, put it on me, I want to see,” I say as if I'm a child waiting to open a present on Christmas morning.  “No, wait, what if it doesn’t fit?  That’s a bad sign.”
“It’s a sign that the jeweler sucks.  I took your other rings in so he would get it right.  See,” he says, sliding it onto my ring finger, “just right.”
“It is,” I say.  “We are.”
 We sleep in the guest room together, as it still feels too occupied by Julia in the master bedroom.
“We’ll buy a new house,” Yuya says, holding me as we stare out the window at the night.  
“I like this house,” I say, snuggling into his shoulder.  “Let’s redo the master into a room for the kids.”
“Julia would like that,” Yuya says, jumping up, pulling on his sweats. “Come on,” he says, waiting for me.
We go into Julia and Yuya’s old room.  The bed is made up, and I can’t help but remember Julia laying there.
Yuya catches me staring at it. “Don’t, she wouldn’t want you to do that.”  He pulls me into the center of the room.
I nod. “We’ll have to paint, taupe isn’t exciting enough for kids.”
“And we’ll get cribs,” Yuya says.
“Bunkbeds,” I correct him.  “They're already two years old! The kind with a double on the bottom so they can go up on top when they feel comfortable.”
“And toys. Stuffed animals.”
“And books,” I say.  “Tons of children’s books.  And we’ll keep this,” I say, sitting in the rocking chair that had been Julia’s.
“That is the only thing she bought in preparation for our kids.  She said she wanted to rock them every night." His eyes well up and he turns away.  “What color should we paint the walls?”
“Let’s wait and ask the kids,” I say.
“Daring.  I like it,” Yuya laughs and swipes at his eyes.
“I love you,” I say, giving him a hug.  This is why I’m here.

The paperwork is expedited as there is a family member willing to take the children.  I am disturbed by the number of children in foster care, and Yuya and I talk about maybe even adopting more.
“Let’s take it one step at a time,” he says.  “We can’t take them all home.”  
Sean is tiny and quiet, with fair hair and round blue eyes.  Shannon is a little chatterbox, with almond shaped green eyes and brown ringlets.
“This is your new room!” I say, showing them in for the first time.  “And look, who’s this?” I say, going over to what appears to be a huge stuffed animal on the floor.  Laska looks up at me and snorts, not wanting to stand.
“A dog! Sean, we have a dog!” Shannon exclaims, as if he can’t see this for himself.  Sean toddles over to the lower bunk of the bed, and he hoists himself up over the rail and lies down.  Lily comes up from her new spot in the soft blankets we bought for the children and licks his face.  His laughter is sweet and clear.
“Another one!” Shannon shrieks, and jumps on the bed beside them.  Their laughter is the most beautiful music I have ever heard.
We stand back for a moment and watch the children play.
“What have we done?” Yuya asks under his breath.  “Two kids, two dogs.”
I shake my head and smile.  “Ok, so what color would you like your new room to be?  I was thinking a soothing green maybe?  Or a light blue?”
“Purple is my favorite color,” Shannon says matter of factly.
“Ok, and what about you Sean?” Yuya asks, crouching down to see him in the cave of the bunk bed.
“He likes orange,” Shannon says.
“Purple and orange,” I say.  There is no way around this, I think, looking around the room, trying to envision the two colors.  “Aren’t the Lakers purple and orange?  We could do a sports theme,” I say.
“Or you could just paint the walls orange and do purple bedding,” Yuya says.
“No.  Orange walls with big purple circles all over,” Shannon says.  “That would be good.”
I look around the room and try to envision it, surprised at the possibilities.  “You have an eye for color Shannon,” I say.  “You want to come take a look at the bathroom?  Can you help me figure out what we can do in there?” I ask, rolling my eyes a bit at my own joke.
“No.  But can we have a fish?” Shannon asks.  “At home we had a fish.  When’s Mommy going to get here?”
This is your home now.  Your Mommy’s not coming.  I’m your Mommy now.  I want to say all of these things, but can’t form any sound over the growing lump in my throat.
“Of course you can have a fish,” Yuya says.  “How about two?  One for each of you?”
Shannon looks at Sean and nods.  
“Let’s go!” I say, willing to use this temporary fix.  Anything to momentarily make the adjustment easier for them.  Easier for all of us.

That night we lay in bed. The twins are tucked safely into their bunks, both of them sharing the bottom bed, down the hall.
“I can’t believe he named him Mr. Fish.  How cute is that?” Yuya asks, turning off his light so we can whisper in the dark.
“How long do you think they will miss her?” I ask.  
“Oh, who knows?  She was all they knew, their whole little lives.”
“Yeah,” I say.  “And she wasn’t very good at it.  I wonder how many nights they went to bed hungry, or scared.  I wonder how many mornings she couldn’t get up in the morning to make them breakfast.”
“We’ll never know.   But they seem pretty well adjusted, if you could call it that.  I mean, they seem normal.”
“They're tough.  Resilient, isn’t that what they always marvel about kids?  It’s just, what if they hate me?  Hate me for taking them away from her?” I ask.  “What if Sean never really starts talking?”
“First of all, they won’t hate you,” Yuya says, folding me into his embrace.  “Secondly, Sean doesn’t need to talk.  Shannon does all the work for him.  He’s fine.  We’ll take it one day at a time.  That’s all we can do.”
I lay there as Yuya’s embrace turns to random twitches, like a puppy chasing a rabbit.  I watch the clock as his twitches turn to snores.  I roll him over, turning his snores to a deep sigh and finally a silent sleep.  I tiptoe into the children’s room.  I have forgotten to draw the shades, and the moonlight illuminates their sleeping forms.  Shannon is in the shape of an X, arms and legs flung everywhere.  Sean has managed to reverse himself, curled into her in a fetal position with his head at the foot of the bed, his thumb in his mouth.  This is who I am, her body language says, take it or leave it.  This is what I think of the world, his says, don’t hurt me.
It takes all of my strength not to gather them both up and hold them closely.  I pad back out of the room and go to the kitchen to get a soothing glass of milk.  It is only 11:00, so I call Rain.
“Sorry,” I say when she picks up.  “Did I wake you?”
“Nope.  Deliriously post-coital.  What’s up?”
“Oh, sorry, I’ll call back.”
“Why?  He’s already asleep.  I never can, afterwards.  Are you ok?” she asks.
“Overwhelmed, I guess,” I say, sitting at the kitchen table in the dark.  
“How are they?”
“Asleep at last.”
“And you?”
“Exhausted,” I sigh.  “Does it get any easier?”
“Wait a minute,” Rain says.  “You just doubled your family.  And they are toddlers.  You skipped the whole sleeping and rocking phase.  I mean, toddlers never sit still, and you have had no preparation, no easing into it, not to mention there are two!  Don’t be too hard on yourself.”
“Did I do the right thing?  I mean, what if I really suck at this?  I don’t want to ruin their lives.”
“Was there anything else to do?” she asks.
“No,” I answer, taking another sip of my milk, wishing I had opted for something with a bit more kick.
“There you have it,” Rain says.  “Bring ‘em over tomorrow.  I have a whole bag of stuff for you.  Outlet covers, board books, safety locks.  You know, so you don’t hurt yourself.”
“Shut up.  And thank you.  I’ll be over around lunchtime.  I’m hoping you have something other than mac and cheese and chicken tenders.  Do they ever eat anything real?”
“Pizza.  Oh, and hamburgers.  And tacos, they’ll like tacos, without the lettuce and tomatoes.  And spaghetti.  Or what about fish sticks and tater tots?  Or corndogs, they’re a good stand by."
 “Gross.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Bye Mommy,” Rain says.  “Get some sleep.”
Mommy, I think to myself as I finish up my milk.  I used to think that maybe David died not because he wasn’t meant for this world, but because I wasn’t meant to be a mother.  I see Mr. Fish on the counter where Sean wanted to keep him.  His bowl is next to a decorative silver tea pot that belonged to Julia.  He looks twice the size he did this morning, red and purple tail and fins fanned out, aggressively showing off to the imposter in the reflection of the teapot.  I’m bigger than you think I am, he says.  But I know him.  He is just a tiny little fish, trapped in a tiny little bowl, fighting with an image of himself.

Spring
Julia
The wedding is at Moonstars, or rather in the courtyard in front of the store.  It is perfect.  Wren and Yuya’s families are there, and my family is even there.  Their involvement in Yuya’s life makes me so fulfilled.  I can’t help but be with the girls while they get ready in Wren’s little loft of a bedroom.
Rain and Wren are putting the finishing touches on their makeup while Wren’s mother sits on the bed, with her shoes off and a glass of champagne in her hand.
“I’ll bet you can’t wait to get out of this tiny little room,” Wren’s mother says.  “The lights don’t even work properly.”
That is my fault. My energy, I know, is messing with the electricity.  But my energy is only a small part of the electrical situation.  I am aware of Wren’s brother Sean. His spirit is kicked back on Wren’s bed, right next to his mother.  And Wren’s baby David is here, resting on his grandmother.  I watch her as she waves her champagne glass around absently with one hand while she rocks slowly back and forth, oblivious, holding her other hand protectively against her chest, right where the baby's head is.
The spirits of Wren's grandparents are here as well, as is her neighbor from across the street when she was growing up.  The spirit of Wren’s childhood pets are here, a cat and the two parakeets that flew after her, right out the front door, not knowing they wouldn’t be able to fend for themselves.  The older spirits are now orbs of light.  I assume they are her great grandparents, her great-greats.  The room is packed.  
“I wish Grandma could have been here,” Wren says.
“She would have loved Yuya, wouldn’t she?” Wren's mother Caroline muses.  “It would have gotten annoying, that cloying way she has with young men.  You know.”
“But she never liked Jason,” Wren says.
“Didn’t take a rocket scientist darling,” Caroline says, tossing back the rest of her drink.
“Girls,” Rain says, eager to break up any familial tension before it begins.  “Are we ready?”
“How do…?” Wren starts, looking down as she smoothes her dress.
“Gorgeous,” Rain and Wren’s mother say in unison.  It is exactly what I am thinking as well.  She has really come into herself.  
“I’m so proud of you,” her mother says.
Wren shakes her head.  “I didn’t do anything,” she says as she gathers up her dress to walk down the stairs.
“You did do something.  You are a mother now.  You are a wife.  But best of all, you have become your best you,” Caroline says, stalling on the stairs, steadying Wren’s face with her hands. “Now, don’t ruin your mascara.  Let’s go.  It’s hot here.  How long do you plan on living in this god forsaken town?”
Wren shoots her mother a look.  Her mother mouths the word "sorry," and then everyone is moving back down the stairs.
I swoosh past her, a warm breeze, smelling of lemons.  “You are alive, really alive,” I say, as loudly as I can.  It comes across as only a murmur in her head.  
“Did you hear something?” Wren asks. She stops on the stairs and looks around the stair well.
“No, but God, is that the lotion Julia gave you?” Rain asks.  “It smells amazing,”
“I ran out of that months ago,” Wren says.  
“You are living, that is why she is proud.  You are aware of your life,” I say again, only a whisper, a thought in Wren’s head.
“She’s here,” Wren says, and I relax.  
“She wants you to be happy,” Rain says.
Wren nods strongly, continues down the stairs.  Determined to start a new life.  Determined to be happy. Determined to recognize and be thankful for every moment.

The ceremony is perfect in its imperfections.  Yuya and Wren don’t get caught up in the details and are able to laugh at the little things that don’t matter.  It is a skill that will serve them well in marriage and in raising the twins.  The violinist they hired comes down with the flu and they have to wheel out the stereo from Moonstars.  The only cd's to choose from are new age collections that Yuya can’t stand.  The flowers are wilting in the heat, which is uncharacteristically hot even by Tucson standards, and then there are the children.
Shannon walks down the center of the square tossing rose petals everywhere.  She is glorious as they fall down on her head.  Sean sits on the side of the fountain, his mini tux getting drenched with stray droplets.  He has tucked his thumb into his mouth, and his idle hand plays with the silky ribbons tied around the rings while he takes it all in.  Suddenly, he decides to help his sister, who is the center of attention.  In his haste to join her, he drops his ring pillow into the fountain.  No one notices as the rings slip off of the sinking pillow and settle at the bottom of the old fountain amongst hundreds of pennies and dimes.

Rain, seeing the importance of this wedding, agreed to get her license to marry people after Wren and Yuya begged her one evening.  A couple of margaritas later, the three of them were in Wren and Yuya’s family room surfing online for the least expensive, and more importantly, least rigorous license course.
“This one looks like all you have to do is pay,” Wren said, pointing to the screen.
“But what would I say?” Rain whined.
“You’ve never seemed to have a problem with that before,” Wren said.
“We’ll help you,” Yuya said.  “It’ll be so nice to be surrounded by family.  And neither Wren nor I go to church, so…”
“It won’t really matter what I say,” Rain said.  “As long as you exchange rings.”
“And kiss the bride,” Yuya joked.
“I refuse to do any of that “obey” junk.  Oh, and now I pronounce thee man and wife.  I mean, what’s with that?  Husband and wife, maybe, or man, and woman, as if we didn’t already know.  I mean, don’t you think,” she said, Wren cutting her off.
“Enough,” Wren said.  “We’ll pay the fee for you.  Will you just do it?”  
 “Why not?” Rain asked, in lovable Rain style.

I was drawn to Wren, Rain and Yuya, especially when they were together.  I enjoyed the feeling of love in the room, and tried to fill the space when they would do or say something that would remind them of my absence and a hush would fall.  The spaces were hard to fill because there was nothing missing.  I was already there.

“And now,” Rain says, looking down at little Sean, smiling at Wren and Yuya, “for the rings.”  
Sean stands there empty handed.
“Honey,” Wren says, stooping to his level, “where did you put the pillow?”
Sean shrugs and looks around at the ground, but it is nowhere to be seen. 
“Did you take it into the store with you?” Wren asks.  People turn and shuffle in their seats in a vain attempt at finding the pillow.  Sean’s eyes well with tears and Wren pulls him in for a hug.
“It’s ok,” she says, feeling the wetness of his tux.  “You’re soaking wet.  Oh,” she says, realizing what this means, “I have an idea.”
Wren leads him over to the fountain where they see the once white pillow at the bottom.  She nods at Yuya, who joins them as he pulls his jacket off and rolls his sleeves up.  The pillow comes up sodden and bare to a collective groan from the small group of people, now gathering around.  Yuya’s brother starts to take his shoes off.
Yuya, not to be outdone, races him to it, and they both hop in the fountain, holding their pants legs up and gingerly searching the bottom.  Shannon, not wanting to miss out, hops in before anyone can stop her.
“Chad!” Wren shouts to Rain’s husband, and nods to his camera. This, she knows, is the picture she will want.  She picks up Sean who gratefully rests his head against her neck. 
 “I’m thorry,” he says.  
 “I know you are,” Wren says, gingerly stepping into the water, heels and all.  “I’ll never wear these shoes again anyway Mother,” she says in her head, getting ready for future recriminations. 
“Found one,” Yuya says triumphantly, holding up a glinting gold ring.  A moment later, his brother comes up with the other band.  
The gathered families and friends cheer for a moment and start to return to their seats.
 “I had a plan for the way this was supposed to go,” Rain says when everyone quiets down.  “And this wasn’t it.  But, since the bride and groom and their children are all in the fountain, let’s move this party over to them,” she waits dramatically while people circle around.
“Now,” she says.  “Rings.”  Wren and Yuya exchange rings.
“Promise to love each other forever, even when you can’t stand each other?” she asks.
Wren and Yuya nod.
“Kiss,” she demands.  Wren, still holding Sean, leans toward Yuya, who wraps both of them in his arms.  First, he kisses Sean on the forehead, then Wren, tenderly on the lips.  “Daddy,” Shannon says, jumping up and down, tugging his pant leg. “Me too,” she says.  He lifts her up, kisses her cheek and stands with his family.
“Sean is sorry,” Wren whispers to Yuya as they pose for pictures.
“Oh, I know he is, it’s no big deal,” Yuya says.
“No, he said he was sorry,” Wren says, “with words.”
“Hey buddy,” Yuya says, “I knew you had it in you.  We’re going to have a lot to talk about, aren’t we?”  Sean, still cozy in Wren’s arms, nods and sticks his thumb in his mouth. “Absolutely, no talking now.  It’s picture time.  And don’t say cheese, I beg of you, just, whatever you do, don’t say cheese.”
Sean, giggling, waits to get the cue from Chad.  On the count of three, he pulls his thumb from his mouth, and along with his sister, his voice chimes in.  Suddenly, as we are climbing out of the fountain and greeting our guests, Shannon shouts out.
“The lady from our room!  The one who sings to us while she rocks in the chair by our bed!” she says excitedly, pointing toward me as I float to the edge of the group.  But I have seen enough.  It is time for me to go.  I turn into a glowing orb of light.  My memory of my bodily shape fades and my spirit shoots into the sky and melds with the bright light of the sun.  Later, several people will curse the sun spots in their photos on that bright Tucson day.  But they will remember the love they felt during the nontraditional wedding in the courtyard outside the little shop with the funny name, Moonstars.

Rain
The wedding ceremony felt like the beginning of a new season to me.  Not just for Yuya and Wren, but for me as well. 
“I’m so burned out on seventh graders,” Chad says to me as he gets home one evening.  “Such a funny age, you know?”
“Braces and pimples? Crushes? Puberty.  God, what a pain,” I say sympathetically.
“Oh, I guess,” he says, following me out to the back porch.  The sun sinks as I pour us each a glass of wine and we settle under the awning of our deck overlooking the desert. “It’s more that they are so overwhelmed.  All of life’s options at their feet.  Trying to figure out who they are, what they want to be, trying to be what people want them to be.  I don’t know.  It’s hard, I think.  Harder than their parents realize.  Speaking of, it’s too quiet. Where are the kids?”
“At Mom and Dad’s.”
“Shit,” he says, looking at his watch for the date.
“It isn’t our anniversary,” I laugh.  “You didn’t forget anything.”
“Oh,” he says, relaxing.  “You want to try for another kid?”
“Shut up! I’m escorting you to that appointment in July.  Snip, snip,” I say.
“But we can still have some fun,” he says, taking a sip of wine and coming to sit beside me.  
“Fine,” I say.  My tone pushes him back to his own chair.  “That isn’t what I meant.  I’m sorry.  We need to talk,” I say, gathering my thoughts, watching the sun dip behind a mountain.
He looks at me, waiting.  “I know how you feel about me working,” I start.
“It’s just that we don’t need the money.  My parents put stuff away for the kid's college.”
“It isn’t about the money.  It’s about, well, me,” I say.
“What have you been thinking?”
“I’ve been going to hospice training sessions.  I didn’t want to tell you.”
“The kids still need you.  God, hospice, how depressing.”
“It isn’t to me.  I’ll start this summer, when you take off for the summer.  It’s perfect really.  Just part time.”
“People don’t need help to die.  They’ve been doing it for thousands of years. It’s natural.  A part of life.  I just don’t get the point.”
“I’ll miss you too.  It’ll just be a few hours a day,” I say.  “And I’ll be good at it.  Just because it’s natural, doesn’t mean it’s easy.  I’m going to help people,” I say sternly, defying him to challenge me.
“You will be good at it.  And you’re right, I was being selfish.  Dinner?” he asks.
“What are you making?” I ask.  “I’m a working woman now.  Fair is fair.”
“Whoa, hold on.  You haven’t started yet.”
I flash him a look that says you aren’t going to have any fun in bed tonight with that attitude.  Like a shot he is on his feet, phone in hand.  “What are you in the mood for?” he asks.
“You,” I say, taking his hand and leading him upstairs.  “And then maybe a pizza, you know the kind I like.”
“Basil and tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella.  You know I hate that frou frou pizza.  You know I like pepperoni,” he whines.
“I know what you like more,” I say, peeling the clothes from my body.
“You don’t play fair,” he says.  

The night that I used sex to thank my husband for being supportive of my career path, to thank him for the basil and fresh tomato pizza, and to have a little fun myself, was the night I got pregnant.  
Now, months later, I sit with Mr. Doyle in his living room.  I’ve been coming to see him twice a week for three months now.  This last week has been the worst.  His wife passed away several years ago.  They never had any children.  
He lives only a few blocks from me.  Before I started hospice, I never would have known there was a man going through this all by himself, just down the street.  Now I sit, my belly huge and awkward, and he smiles at me.  
“Times like this I wish I had some kids of my own.  But the wife couldn’t you know.  And in those days, well, it was harder.  We had each other though,” he says.
“And you’ll be with her soon,” I say.
“Not one to mince words.  That’s what I like about you.  No time for bullshit, not anymore.”
“Well,” I say, “I don’t think there’s ever time to waste.  So, can I get you anything?”
“No, you just sit.  What are you going to name her?” he asks, winking at my belly.
“Her, huh?  Are you sure?”
“I have a feeling.”
“Well, we were thinking of River if it’s a boy, Raven if it’s a girl,” I tell him as I rub the top of my belly.
“Those are awful dear. Hippie names.   No, I was thinking of something like Gloria.  Soft and strong all at the same time.  That’s what we were going to name our little girl, if we could have had one.”
“It’s a beautiful name,” I say, patting his hand.  “We’ll put it on the list.”  I push myself, belly first, up and out of the chair.  “You going to be ok?” I ask him as he closes his eyes for the night.
“You’re like a daughter to me,” he says, reaching for my hand.  “I wish Bev could have met you.  Lord she would have had a good time listening to you straight talking like you do.  People weren’t supposed to talk like that in our day.  But the truth needs to be spoken, especially by women.”
I smile at Mr. Doyle.  Three months ago I took him for a stodgy old man, set in his ways.  Now, I see, I’ve underestimated him.
“Thank you dear,” he says, “for being here.  I wasn’t afraid of dying alone, you know.  Everyone has to do that.  No, I was afraid of being lonely while I waited,” he says, nodding, my hand still in his dry firm grip.  
I lean down as best I can to hug him and plant a kiss on his forehead.  As I stand back up, I feel the telltale trickle of amniotic fluid down my thigh, and I ease myself back into the chair and reach into my purse for my cell phone.
“Chad,” I say when he picks up on the first ring.
“I’ll be right there,” he says, recognizing the tone of my voice.  
”I’m going to have a baby Mr. Doyle,” I say lightly.
“Make sure you get an epidural.  I saw a show on birthing, and I’d go for the drugs if I were you.”
“I’ll call you in the morning,” I say.  “You sure you’ll be ok?”
“What I’m about to do, dear, is easy.  You’re the one who’s in for a ride.”
“I’ll call you in the morning,” I repeat, pulling the blanket up to his chin.
“Stop fussin’ and go,” he says.  
I grab my purse and look around the room one more time.  Mr. Doyle was right about being alone when you die, and yet I hate to just leave him. I wish there was something more I could do. 
“There’s not a damn thing you can do but go have that baby,” he says, reading my mind.
I check to make sure I have his spare key on my key ring, in case he isn’t able to open the door in the morning. I blow him a kiss, and waddle out to the driveway to meet Chad. 

The baby comes fast, Chad being the one to spy the head when I keep complaining of pressure and wanting to push.
“The doctor doesn’t know how close I am,” I say, spreading my legs and bearing down only five minutes after being helped up onto the bed.
“Honey, stop, you’re just…,” he says, coming around to peer under the annoying paper sheet.
“Shit! She’s having the baby!” he yells as he runs halfway out the room, then turns back to help.
“Go!” I grunt and scream at the same time.  “Hurry up!”

“I can’t believe how much that guy gets paid for showing up just barely in time to catch my baby,” Chad says, stroking the cheek of our little girl, wrapped tightly in a blanket, sleeping in his arms.  “Delivery.  Right.  Delivering pizza is harder than that.”
“We were lucky,” I say, holding out my arms for the baby. I haven’t really been able to see her little face yet.  First she nursed for a bit, getting some colustrum going, as the nurse sang in her chirpy voice.  Then Chad had wanted to hold her.  “My turn,” I say again, forcing him to hand her to me.
“Oh my,” I say, looking into this little face that reminds me of Ruby and Jamie and yet is so different.  
“She doesn’t really look like a Raven,” I say, marveling at the blonde peach fuzz, opposite from Jamie's dark hair, and Ruby's darkening locks.
“No,” Chad agrees.  “Looks like she takes after my side.”
“Well I’m not naming her Tiffany, or Katelyn, like your mother wants.”
“Oh, don’t be defensive; she knew we wouldn’t listen to her.  We never do.  But I don’t know, how about….”
“What do you think of Gloria?” I ask, turning to look at him, scared he will hate it, not knowing how much it means to me.  He says the name several times and then stands to get a look at her face again.
“Yep.  She’s a Gloria all right,” he says.  “I don’t know why, but that’s her name.”
“Sometimes they already have names when they arrive,” the nurse says as she putters around, refilling my ice water.  “I’m so glad you knew what hers was.  Yes, she does look like a Gloria,” she smiles.  “You all get some rest.  Your parents took the kids to the cafeteria, but they’ll be back any minute.” 

My eyes start to drift closed and I feel Chad remove Gloria from my arms. I am pulled under into a deep sleep brought on by the exhaustion of labor. I am in Moonstars with Wren and Julia chatting as if everything is normal. Julia looks radiant, the way she looked before she became ill. She tells me and Wren how all of our kids now have an angel on their side. In my dream I roll my eyes at this and we laugh together at the idea of Julia being an angel. She tells me how she helped Mr. Doyle pass over and find Mrs. Doyle. And so I know, even as I sleep, that when I wake up Mr. Doyle will be gone.
She tells Wren how she helps to soothe Sean and Shannon at night, and sometimes, when Wren finds the two curled up in the rocking chair, she will know that Julia is there, rocking with them.  She urges me to keep doing my work in helping the dying through their final stages. She shows me her own hands, which are radiating light, and holds them up to my own. My hands become hot with energy and I am filled with warmth. Tears slide down my face in my dream and Julia smiles and gives me a hug. 
"Rain, honey, wake up," I hear Chad say. It is hard from me to pull away from sleep and the warmth of sharing time with Julia, but I hear the worry in his voice. I open my eyes and look at him and the baby as he wipes the tears from my cheeks.
"What's going on?" he asks. "Are you hurting?"
I shake my head. "Happy tears," I say. "Julia came to see me."
He exhales, relieved that I am ok, and sits beside me. When the phone rings he picks it up and hands it to me. "Wren," he says.
"Congratulations!" Wren says excitedly. "I'm going to come see you in just a minute. Or is it too soon? I can wait. How are you? How's the baby?"
I laugh at her exuberance. "We're fine. Just tired."
"Listen, I have to tell you something. I just had the strangest dream."
I cut her off. "About Julia? And we were at Moonstars?"
She is quiet for a moment as it sinks in that the three of us met up for coffee in some alternate realm. "She looked so happy," Wren says.
"And called herself an angel," I say, hearing Wren trying to hold back the tears.
I wait, my own tears starting back up, while she composes herself. "I have to go," she says, in a tone that lets me know she's in for a good cry. "I'll call you later." 
As I hang up the phone, still trying to process the importance of the dream, Jamie and Ruby run in to meet their new sister, and I am pulled back to earth, fully present in my body in this place and time.

Wren
When I hang up the phone after talking to Julia, I cry like I haven't cried in a very long time. The tears cleanse me and I come out of the crying jag feeling new again. I had fallen asleep during the twin's nap and now, drying my tears on my shirtsleeve, I go to their room to peek in on them and make sure they are still sleeping.
I am not surprised when they aren't asleep in their bed, but are curled up, asleep in the oversized rocker that belonged to Julia. And even though both of them are completely still in their sleep, save for Sean's rhythmic thumb sucking, the chair is softly rocking.
"Thank you Julia," I say quietly, their nightlight flickers in the dim room and I know without a doubt, that she is still here, still my friend, and that everything is as it should be.
  #####

If you enjoyed Moonstars, be sure to check out other novels by Genia Stemper including the prequel to Moonstars, A Timely Death

Genia is hard at work on her next novel about a family coping with autism. Feel free to contact her with questions or comments at geniasmail@aol.com.
