TO DREAM AGAIN

By
Brian H. Jones

Smashwords edition

Published by Aichje Books on Smashwords

Published by Aichje Books – Goulburn, NSW, Australia

To Dream Again
Second Edition

Copyright © 2010 by Brian H. Jones

Written by Brian H. Jones

ISBN 978-0-9808107-9-0

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means – electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise – without the prior written permission of the publisher. The only exception is brief quotations in printed reviews.

Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional coy for each person. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

***

‘...and then, in dreaming,
The clouds methought would open and show riches
Ready to drop upon me that, when I waked,
I cried to dream again.’
(Caliban in ‘The Tempest’ by William Shakespeare: Act 3, Scene 2)

***

ONE: THE PAST IS ALWAYS WITH US

My father never did get a pair of spectacles. Until the day he died, he used a magnifying glass, a large one that dangled in a leather pouch around his neck. When he was carving, my father inspected his work through the magnifying glass. He would take it out of the pouch, blow at it delicately and then hold it close to his work, with the glass against his left eye. I would peek at him secretly and see a great, magnified eye splotched over the side of his face. It made me feel uneasy as if I was seeing an eye that had somehow got loose from the rest of him. Then after a few seconds my father would grunt, blow on the glass again, and put it back into his pouch.
When he died, the magnifying glass survived intact. It was a marvel. The pouch was in tatters but the glass survived. There was nothing wrong with it, not even a scratch. How the glass didn’t get blown to pieces like everything else, I don’t know. I retrieved it from the compound just before Arbuthnoir’s funeral, and I still have it at the back of a drawer at home. It’s strange – I don’t want to get rid of it, but I don’t want to use it. I guess I just like to know that it’s not lost. When I think of my father, I like to know that I can reach out and hold it any time.
Arbuthnoir would sit in the compound watching my father carve by the light of an oil lamp. He would observe the ritual of the magnifying glass and say, ‘Lukile, if I’ve advised you once, I’ve advised you a hundred times – do yourself a favour and get a pair of spectacles. They’ll be good for your eyes and they’ll be good for your work.’
My father would wave the suggestion away. ‘Where should I get them? Must I go all the way to Fort Marnay just to get some pieces of glass to put on my nose, eh?’ 
Arbuthnoir would say, ‘perhaps it wouldn’t be a bad idea.’ 
My father would snort, ‘Huh! This magnifying glass is just fine. I can see better with it than most of these show-offs with their fancy spectacles. Also, it costs a lot less, not so?’
So much has changed. My parents are dead, and so is Arbuthnoir. Nozam has also gone the way of all corruptible flesh. Keretani is not what it was – but nor is it what we hoped it would be, in the days of our dream-fired youth.
 One thing that hasn’t changed is the hill called ‘The Watcher’, the one that stands west of Totudi, between the village and the steepest slopes of the mountains. They call it ‘The Watcher’ because that’s what it looks like from the village – a squat human head watching over the life below. Watching for what? Watching for the promise in the Promised Land? If so, it will watch for a long time to come.
I was born in Totudi. It was a normal highland village where the family compounds were dotted about on the flatter places of the hillside. The roofs of the huts stuck out above the reed fences and vegetation that surrounded the compounds so that from the top of ‘The Watcher’ the village looked like a scattering of thatched ant-hills. As a child, I loved to run through the dog-legged passageways between the compounds. I loved the sense of mystery – something new could be just around the next bend – as well the feeling of security. Like all children, I knew without question that this was the way the world would always be.
The street of the traders follows a ragged course below the hillside-hugging contours of the village. It was from there that the forces of change, the discordant forces of the outside world – the world down at the coast, the world beyond the sea – first began to infiltrate the village.
When I was eight years old, my father told me about the early days of the trading settlement. He said, ‘It began a few years before I was born. My parents’ generation saw it all happen. In fact, young one, most of them didn’t like it, not at all. But what could they do? They saw what the soldiers could do and they didn’t want that to happen again.’
‘What didn’t they like, dada?’
‘Alcohol, young one. That’s what the first traders were selling. And when I say alcohol, I don’t mean beer. We’ve always had enough of that in Totudi, not so?’
Father Arbuthnoir was sitting there, puffing on his pipe as usual. He said, ‘There’s enough beer in Totudi, not to mention the rest of Keretani. That’s true.’ He wrinkled his nose and grunted, ‘But what about quality? I don’t know how people can drink the local brew.’ He tipped the bottle of beer that he was holding and watched the liquid swirl into the mug. Father Arbuthnoir always drank bottled beer, Palm Bay Lager, from the brewery in Fort Marnay.
 My father winked at Arbuthnoir. ‘Maybe the beer was better in the old days. I don’t know. I hardly ever touched the stuff.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘Sensible man, Lukile. But you don’t mind if I have my evening tipple?’
‘Go ahead, father. You deserve it. Maybe I’d have a beer myself, if I had to care for all the sinners of Totudi, like you do.’
They grinned at each other – the teasing grins of old friends, comfortable in their friendship. Arbuthnoir sipped at his beer and my father looked at his carving down the length of his chisel. They seemed to have forgotten about the subject of the early days of the trading settlement. But I wanted to hear more. I asked, ‘Dada, you were saying about the traders –?’
‘Hmm? My father was still peering at the carving. He tapped the wood with the chisel, collected himself, and said, ‘The traders? Well, it’s like I said – they came here to sell alcohol.’ He wrinkled his nose in disapproval and sat back. ‘They brought brandy, whisky, gin – everything by way of strong liquor. Heh!’ He grunted.
Arbuthnoir said, ‘I hear the first store was built about where the Get Some More Bar now stands.’
My father said, ‘So they say. But it didn’t stand there for long.’
‘Why not, dada?’
My father gave a sceptical snort. ‘Someone killed the trader one night. They stabbed him to death. At least, that’s what they say. No one ever knew for sure, because they never found the body.’
‘Why not, dada?’
My father shrugged. ‘The store burned to the ground that same night. The body probably burned to cinders.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘Ho! The plot thickens!’
My father sat back, rubbed his chin with the handle of the chisel, and said, ‘Some people said it had to do with a woman.’
‘Ah! The plot thickens some more.’
‘Some people say that the trader –’ My father paused, looked at me, and then continued, ‘They say that the trader has his –’ He looked at me again and concluded, ‘They say that he forced himself onto a woman from the village.’
‘What does that mean, dada?’
My father squinted at me. ‘I’ll tell you some day. Wait until you’re older.’
Arbuthnoir asked, ‘Do you think it’s true?’
My father shrugged. ‘Who knows? It could be. But – ha! – you know how people exaggerate. Some people will say anything, just to make a good story, not so? But everyone agrees that there was a woman involved. I was a child, so I can only report what others said. Who knows?’
We sat there for a while without saying anything. My father etched the wood with his chisel and Arbuthnoir sipped at his beer. It was past my bedtime but so far no one had noticed.
My father was lean and small of build. His face was round with pointed ears. His forehead was heavily wrinkled and his mouth puckered upwards at the corners so that he always seemed to be regarding the world with sceptical humour. Arbuthnoir said that he looked like a knowing pixie. When I asked what a pixie was, Arbuthnoir just chuckled and said, ‘Find out for yourself, youngster.’
My father snorted. ‘When you do find out, my son, let me know, and I’ll make a carving of a pixie for you.’
People say that I look a lot like my father. They say I have the same round face, largish ears, and small build. But whereas my father was lean, I’m squarer and more compact. Sanomi says I have a chin-down walk. I asked her, ‘Chin-down like a boxer?’
‘Like a boxer? No, Kerem, that’s not how I see it.’
‘How, then?’
‘Hmm, it’s not so easy to say. Maybe it’s more like a soccer player – a soccer player making his way forward with the ball at his feet. Yes, that’s it – a player with his chin down, ball at his feet, figuring out the way ahead.’
Funny, isn’t it, the way people see you, and they way you see yourself? When I was younger, I thought of myself as an arrow, speeding straight towards its destination. I kept that image of myself even during the worst times, like when I was imprisoned, and the times when Keretani and home seemed to be out of reach forever beyond the horizon of events. But nowadays, I don’t seem to have a clear image of myself. What has changed? The sense of destination? Me? Both of those to some extent, I guess. But I think it’s also because lately the arrow is being mightily tossed around by turbulence and head winds. Yes, that’s it. Sometimes it has difficulty in keeping aloft at all.
Arbuthnoir stoked his pipe, blew out a cloud of smoke, and asked, ‘After the trader was killed – was that when the soldiers attacked the village?’
My father nodded. He looked at the carving down the length of the chisel and then began to clean the magnifying glass. He said, ‘It’s getting late. I’m tired. I’m not seeing straight any more.’
‘What did the soldiers do, dada?’
My father stood up and stretched. Yawning, he repeated, ‘I’m tired.’
‘What, dada? What did they do?’
My father said curtly, ‘They did what the soldiers always do.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘They took everything of value that they could carry away. Then they burned the village.’
My father said just as curtly, ‘That is so.’
‘Well, at least no one was injured. That was a mercy.’
Still in the same tone of voice, my father said, ‘No. That’s not true.’
Arbuthnoir asked, ‘No? I always thought…’ He saw the look on my father’s face and his voice trailed off. My father stroked the edge of the chisel and said quietly, ‘They killed my father.’
‘What, dada! They killed my grandpa?’
Arbuthnoir sat up straight and said, ‘Oh, Lukile, my friend, I didn’t know that.’
I asked, ‘Dada, what happened? What happened to my grandpa?’
My father replied, ‘Your grandfather wasn’t in the village at the time. He was coming back from a visit to Mostadi so he didn’t know what was going on. Your grandmother did what everyone else in the village did when they heard that the soldiers were coming. They took what they could carry and went to hide in the forest. Then your grandmother tried to warn you grandfather, but she missed him somewhere along the way. He arrived in Totudi just after the soldiers did. They grabbed him and started to beat him up. They were saying, where is everyone? Of course, your grandfather didn’t know. How could he know, eh? That made the soldiers beat him some more. After a while, they had beaten him so much that he couldn’t speak, anyway. So they shot him. Just like that – they shot him. Then they took what they wanted, burned the village, and left. When your grandmother and the other people came back, they found your grandfather just lying there, out in the open. Heh! They just left him there, like a dead dog. His clothes were torn, he had bruises and gashes all over his body, and he had a bullet through his head.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘My friend, I am so sorry to hear that. I am so very sorry.’
My father said, ‘It was the end of my mother, also. She nearly lost her mind that day. After a while, she recovered, but about six months later she started to get worse and worse. Soon she completely lost her memory. Do you know what a human being is like without memory? It is like being worse than an animal. You know nothing, except to breathe and eat and sleep.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘Ah!’ It was a soft exhalation of breath.
My father said tersely, ‘It was terrible, but maybe it was for the best. I think she didn’t want to remember my father lying there dead like a dog.’ He shrugged. ‘She died about two years later. Well, her body died. But she herself, the person who was my mother – she died long before that.’
There was silence. After a few minutes, still tight-mouthed, my father said, ‘It’s not something a person wants to talk about. Talking won’t bring them back again.’ To me, he said, ‘I was going to tell you about it one day, young one. Maybe you’re still too young, but now you know the truth.’
We were all silent for a long time. Then I said, ‘Dada, my grandpa was a hero.’
‘A hero? Well, I don’t know about that.’
‘He was a hero, dada!’
‘Well, maybe he was. But I tell you for sure, young one, if he was a hero, it’s not because he wanted to be one.’
‘How do you mean, dada?’
My father said somberly, ‘Your grandpa was a private man. He didn’t run after grand things. He liked the quiet things in life. He cultivated his fields, he looked after his family, and he loved to carve.’
‘Grandpa was a carver – just like you?’
‘Yes, young one. That’s why I wanted to carve.’
‘Was he a good carver, dada?’
‘Good? You can judge for yourself. You know those carved poles outside the meeting place, the ones they walk around at the start of the kumgala procession?’ I nodded. My father said, ‘Your grandfather carved those poles, young one. He did them about a year before he died.’
I said, ‘Then, dada, he was a very good carver.’
My father nodded slowly. He ran his finger down the chisel and murmured, ‘Ha! Sometimes when I sit here, I think, what would the old man say about my work? Would he like it? Would he be happy that I am also a serious carver? And I think, what about my mother? Would she like my work? Would she like my wife and my son?’ My father shrugged and his voice rose. ‘What does it help, to think about these things? Thinking won’t bring them back. Talking won’t bring them back. Ha!’
At the time, I didn’t know what to make of the story. I felt bad – very bad – about what had happened to my grandfather. I felt bad about people who had attacked my village, raided it, burned it, and killed a good man like my grandfather. I felt bad about people who had made my grandmother suffer so much. But what about the bigger picture? Well, I ask you, what do children know about colonialism and politics and things like that? In any case, when I was a child, we didn’t see soldiers or officials in the village. There were a few policemen, but they were local people. Mainly they patrolled the shops and bars, arresting drunks and petty thieves. But, for sure, the story made an impression on me. 
Years later, I would sometimes think, ‘I’m doing this for my grandparents.’ Then I would think, ‘How can I do this for them? They’re dead and gone. Do you want revenge, or what? Is that going to bring them back?’ That led me to think, no, I’m not doing it for them, not really. I’m doing it so that the same thing won’t happen to other people any more – just like it is happening, every day, to people all over Keretani. Yes, that’s it. I’m doing what I’m doing to stop things like that happening. That’s the best thing that I can do to honour the memory of my grandparents.’ I can say this for certain – the story about my grandparents was always with me, like the yeast that leavens the loaf.
Arbuthnoir got up, stretched, and scratched around in the bowl of his pipe. Then he tapped it into the wooden dish that always stood next to his stool. When Arbuthnoir did that, we knew that he was on the point of leaving. He stretched again and said heavily, ‘Time to go.’ He sighed, shook my father’s hand, gave me a light punch on the shoulder, and left. My father stood there looking at the carving quizzically, head to one side. He grunted ambiguously and covered it with a cloth. Then he stretched and yawned, put the magnifying glass into its pouch, and said, ‘Tonight is not good for carving.’ He snapped his fingers at me, saying, ‘It’s bedtime for you, young one. You’d better go to your mother.’
My mother was a small woman, tidy in form and tidy in habits. She said very little, seeming to communicate with my father almost by telepathy. Her face was heart-shaped with high cheek-bones and with eyes that slanted towards the corners. My father teased her about her appearance. He would say, ‘Ah, this Budi, she’s descended from the Kwankamis’– referring to the little people of the forest and the high places, who had been pushed so far back that they were hardly more than wraiths of memory – ‘Yes, that’s it. The Kwankamis came down one night and left her on the mat outside her parent’s home. Yes, I’m sure of it.’ My mother would smile slowly, knowingly, inclining her head as if to say, ‘You see, there he goes again, teasing me – but I know how it is between us, and I’m satisfied with that.’
I ducked into the main hut and joined my mother. She was sitting at the table, weaving a basket, squinting against the light of the lamp. She put the basket aside, picked up the Bible that always stood on the shelf next to the table, and asked, ‘Bedtime is it?’
I nodded and sat down.
My mother opened the Bible, turning it so that the light of the lamp fell on it. ‘Where were we?’
I said, ‘Dada told me about his father and mother.’
My mother looked at me steadily and replied, ‘We won’t talk about it now. Where were we?’
‘You were going to read the story about the prodigal son, mama.’
My mother paged through the book, found her place, and nodded. ‘Ah, yes, here it is.’ She didn’t have enough schooling to be a good reader. Her eyes followed her finger across the page and she stopped every so often to peer at a word. Slowly, she read, ‘A certain man had two sons. The younger of them said to his father, “Father, give me the portion of goods that falls to me.” So he divided to them his livelihood.’ She stopped to look at me from time to time, marking her place with a finger. When she finished the story, she put the Bible down and gave a satisfied sigh, saying, ‘You see, there are some things that you can’t run from. There are some things that you have to come back to, no matter how much you think you won’t. Do you understand?’
‘Yes, mama.’ It was a good story, even if I did know it well. I especially liked the part about the father standing on a high place and spotting his son coming from a distance. It reminded me of how we could look down the valley from Totudi and see people and vehicles making their way along the red-dirt road below. But – and it’s odd to think of it, considering everything that’s happened to me since – in those days I never could understand why the son left home in the first place.
My mother said, ‘Well, remember the story. And remember what I said.’ She leaned over and embraced me, murmuring, ‘Bedtime now. Sleep well.’
I have two abiding memories of my mother. One is of her sitting at the table, holding her Bible at an angle to catch the light of the lamp. The other memory is of her singing in the church choir. I can visualize her standing in the front row of the choir, just as if I’m there right now, a child amongst the other children sitting cross-legged on the floor at the front of the church. When my mother was singing, it’s as if she was transported. She lifted her eyes and swayed with the music. Her face glowed so that it seemed to be even rounder and fuller. I loved to watch her even while I felt back-of-the-mind anxiety.
Anxiety? What for? It was because sometimes I imagined she had been transported away from me, to a place where my father and I didn’t exist.
But even that visceral, childhood fear couldn’t hinder my pleasure in the beauty and power of the singing. Man, that choir could put out a sweet volume of sound. From the rafters down to the floor, the building was filled with the power of the music. We were all captivated by it so that we lost a sense of body, time and place. People got up to sway between the benches, and they danced in the aisles. They waved and ululated in appreciation as they joined in the singing. The whole building, and everyone in it, just became one reverberating cocoon, pulsating in an enveloping swirl of sound and movement.
Funny thing, isn’t it? The missionaries brought this buttoned-up religion from Europe, and places like Totudi undid it, loosened it, wrapped it around themselves, and gave it a whole new shape. You only had to see my mother singing in the choir, and you only had to see and hear the church swaying and vibrating, to know that people had taken the raw material of this thing and made it to be their own.

The church’s one foundation
is Jesus Christ her Lord;
she is his new creation
by water and the Word.

That was my mother’s favourite hymn. She was always the soloist when the choir sang it.
As you will have gathered, woodcarving was my father’s great passion. On fine days, when he could get away from tilling and harvesting, he worked in the yard outside the large hut that he and my mother shared. When the weather was bad, he worked in a thatched lean-to shed.
There were always people in the compound: uncles, aunts, cousins, neighbours – but they left my father alone when he was carving. The life of the village and the compound swirled around him, but when he was carving he was lost to everything but his new creation. 
I loved to see a face and a personality emerge from the wood. It filled me with wonder, this something-coming-from-nothing thing. I guess it attracted me all the more because I don’t have the artistic talent. I can’t make music, or write poems, or act on the stage. Worst of all, I can’t carve and sculpt. When I was younger, I wanted to learn. I wanted to create something from the rough stuff of the wood. I desperately wanted to be able to sit back like my father, look at what I’d created, and be able to say to myself, ‘Yes, that’s it. That’s what was in my head and in my imagination, and now my hands have given it shape and form.’ How I wanted it! I knew what was in my head all right, no mistake about that, but I couldn’t give it expression. My best efforts only resulted in a noble piece of wood looking as if it had been vandalized.
‘Dada, who’s that?’ I pointed at a half-completed carving.
‘Hmm? What?’ My father looked at me absent-mindedly.
‘That man you’re carving – who’s that?’
‘That’s a good question, young one. Who do you thing it is?’
‘It looks like Tata Nzomba.’
My father smiled slowly and looked at the carving appraisingly over the edge of his chisel. He murmured, ‘Hmm? Tata Nzomba? Yes, it could be.’
‘But is it?’
‘Do you want it to be?’
I was used to these conversations with my father, these as- it-is-in-your-imagination conversations, which were not satisfying for a boy in search of certainties. I tested my father by saying, ‘Yes. It is Tata Nzomba.’
‘Good.’ My father was still looking at the carving appraisingly. He said thoughtfully, ‘But it doesn’t look a lot like Tata Nzomba. It only looks a bit like him, not so?’
‘Dada – then who…?’
As usual, there was no definitive answer. Or rather there was an answer, but only in the viewer’s imagination.
After he retired, Arbuthnoir still visited Keretani regularly. I always enjoyed meeting him. He made me feel young again – not childish, but young in spirit, like when the west wind blows down from the mountains onto the highland villages and clears away the muggy shroud of heat that has blown up from the coast.
Not long ago, during one of his last visits, Arbuthnoir invited me to accompany him to view the displays at the Fort Marnay Art Centre. There were about twenty of my father’s carvings on view. Arbuthnoir started to reminisce, telling me how he remembered what inspired my father to produce this carving, and how he remembered just when my father started working on that carving.
Then, while we were looking at the works, Arbuthnoir suddenly said, ‘Kerem, you really wanted to carve like your father, didn’t you?’ I nodded. He said, ‘It was a disappointment to you. I could see it, right from when you were knee-high.’
‘I tried. But all I could ever do was hack away at the wood, wondering why a decent shape wasn’t emerging.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘You’re creative in other ways.’
‘How do you mean, Father?’
Arbuthnoir looked at me thoughtfully and replied, ‘That’s why you put so much time and effort into the struggle.’
This was a new thought. I didn’t know how to respond so I just nodded again.
Arbuthnoir said, ‘People got involved for different reasons. Some were ambitious. Some were resentful. Some thought it would add drama and excitement to their lives. Some were filled with hatred and revenge.’
I said, ‘True enough. And there were too many in the last category.’
Arbuthnoir stroked his beard, just like he always used to do, sitting on the stool in our compound. But now the gold- and peppery sheen was heavily streaked with grey. He said, ‘But people like you got involved because they saw that a new thing was happening. They saw that the rough stuff of the past could be taken and transformed. They wanted to be part of the process, putting their hands to shaping and molding something new and good.’ He chuckled and added, ‘Perhaps if you’d been able to carve, you wouldn’t be here. Perhaps you’d be sitting in Totudi right now, looking at a block of wood over the end of a chisel.’
We walked a few paces together, viewing the displays. Then Arbuthnoir stopped, put a hand on my arm, and said, ‘You might not have learned to carve, but your parents taught you something that has served you well.’ I looked at him enquiringly. Arbuthnoir continued, ‘They taught how you to live in peace with yourself.’
When I was growing up in Totudi, Father Arbuthnoir was the local priest. He was also one of the few white men that we ever saw. Arbuthnoir was a big man, ample in girth, large of stride in his booted feet, with a beard that spread out to match the rest of his frame. As a child, I was always in awe of Father Arbuthnoir, this ruddy, freckled creature, as expansive in gestures as he was in physical size. He always greeted me cordially, enveloping my hand in his while he went through the full ritual of greeting in Krilufi. Arbuthnoir spoke Krilufi quite well, although he wasn’t as good at it as he liked to think he was. Behind his back, people laughed fondly at Arbuthnoir’s pronunciation. They laughed most of all about the time when Arbuthnoir publicly addressed the chief as ‘kalwe’ instead of ‘kalwæ’– ‘bush pig’ instead of ‘honoured one.’ Nevertheless, his parishioners were surprised that a person from who-knew-where, from beyond the bounds of the civilized world, nevertheless could speak the language as well as Arbuthnoir did.
Often, in early evening, Arbuthnoir sat and watched my father at work. He would sit at a discreet distance, puffing on his pipe, occasionally writing in a thick notebook. Arbuthnoir was a poet. He said that he wrote about the village, about the local culture and customs, and about the village personalities. He said that he also wrote about being a stranger in a strange land, trying to convince sceptical local people to believe in a God of Love.
Arbuthnoir said, ‘A lot of people around here have difficulty in believing that an all-powerful, loving God sent his own son to die for the sins of the world.’
My father said tactfully, ‘I can see how they might have difficulties, father.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘I can understand their point of view. When you also ask them to believe that this all-powerful God would allow his son to be howled at by a rent-a-mob, insulted by fractious priests and politicians, and tormented by the soldiers of a colonizing army...’ Arbuthnoir shook his head morosely.
My father said quietly, ‘Well, my friend, perhaps people understand about the colonizing army, not so?’
Arbuthnoir nodded and commented sardonically, ‘I’m sure they do.’ He gave a short laugh. ‘You know what Ngenfile said to me just the other day? He said, if God was all-powerful, he would just have driven a whole oppressive bunch into the sea – colonizing army, Roman officials, tax gatherers, high priest, the governor, everybody. A plague on all their houses, eh? Then God would have given the country to his son, so that he could clear up the mess and put it right. He also said, maybe that’s what Keretani needs right now – someone to clear up the mess.’
My father said tactfully, ‘Ngenfile is an old man. He doesn’t always understand the new ways.’
Arbuthnoir replied thoughtfully, ‘He also said that God must have a funny sense of humor.’
‘What did he mean by that?’
‘He said that it was funny that God could bring people like me, on the one hand, and on the other hand could bring people like the governor, the soldiers, and all the other whites.’
My father said, ‘Maybe he’s got a point, eh?’
Arbuthnoir replied morosely, ‘Sometimes I don’t understand it myself, my friend.’
At about that time some Keratanian priests down in Fort Marnay and the coastal regions were beginning to cry, with Moses, ‘Let my people go.’ They said that the colonialists were like Pharaoh and that the people in Keretani had been held in serfdom and slavery for too long. Their superiors tried to hush them and the authorities locked some of them up. But the cry spread like a bush fire in the dry season. It even reached Totudi where it caused people to recall how the soldiers burned the village. They asked, for what? Was it just because a greedy, indiscreet white man was killed? They also asked why only white people were allowed to get licences to own shops and businesses while black people – the people of Totudi, after all – had to sit in the open, selling their wares in what was called ‘the local market.’ Furthermore, they asked who gave the white people the right to chop down the forest. Whose forest was it, anyway, and who owned the trees?
Once this trend of questioning and remembering started, there was no telling where it would end. For instance, people asked why, if a black person made a complaint, the police would just laugh and say, ‘Get out of here, you black bastard!’ However, they would apply the full force of their law if a white person made a complaint. Even the black policemen acted like that, treating their own people as if they were of no value. In short, most people thought that the young priests down in Fort Marnay and on the coast had a good point – a very good point.
When I was young, I thought that I would like to be a priest, like Arbuthnoir. In fact, I even discussed it with him once or twice. However, Arbuthnoir was non-committal. He said that I should wait until I was older before taking a big decision like that. My father agreed with him, but my mother said that she would be pleased to have a son who was a priest. Anyway, that’s not how things turned out for me. And yet, strangely enough, Nozam made a career in the church in spite of showing no interest in churchly matters when we were young. In any case, his father had so much money that his sons could have chosen just about any career that they wanted. That being the case, I never found out why Nozam chose a career in the church. When he made his choice, we were thousands of kilometers apart, but separated by a bigger gulf than even that distance represented. Later, when we finally met up again, we weren’t exactly on friendly terms so I didn’t discuss the matter with him.
Thinking back, I sometimes wonder how things would have developed if I had remained in Totudi. I fantasize that I can go back to a certain point and from there play a new reel of the film of my life, unfolding fresh images and new outcomes. I don’t regret what has happened to me. I don’t regret where I am now. All that I regret is that I can’t know for sure how other choices would have turned out.
Choices? One path and not the other? We’ll never know what might have happened. But there’s one thing that is for certain – the past is always with us, no matter how far we travel, no matter what we experience. Sometimes the past comes to the surface obliquely like the silvery flash of a fish near the surface of murky water. Sometimes it comes with force, with a great thrashing of its tail above the surface, staggering us, stopping us in our courses. 
Somewhere in the Kerem of today there is still an imprint of that long-gone child, that bare-footed boy who ran and played along the crooked paths of Totudi. I feel it. I know it. It’s there. But the more I reach towards it, the more it evades me. I know it, I feel it, but I can’t recover it. It’s like the swoop of a hawk glimpsed through an opening in the tree-tops, the sky flooded in sunlight, the action frozen, the events isolated forever on the film of memory.

TWO: STUPID BUSH CHILD

I went to school as soon as I was old enough. It was what my parents wanted for me and in any case Father Arbuthnoir urged the case, puffing on his pipe, looking at me appraisingly, saying, ‘He’s a bright one, this youngster. He’ll go far, you’ll see. Maybe he won’t be an artist’ – an ironic glint in his eyes when he said that – ‘but he’ll do well, no doubt about it.’
Not long after I got together with Rita, I remember telling her about some of my early experiences at school. Rita was a primary school teacher before she switched to accountancy, so she liked to hear me talk about these things. I told her, ‘Our first teacher was Miss Renkula. She came from Totudi.’
Rita said, ‘It’s a good practice to have local people in the school.’
I couldn’t help snorting when I replied, ‘Not Miss Renkula! She thought that no good could come out of Totudi – except herself, of course.’
‘How patronizing! Why did she think that?’
‘She thought that Totudi was primitive and uncivilized. She thought she was too good for Totudi. You see, she fancied herself as cosmopolitan.’
Rita asked with a half-amused expression, ‘What did she mean by that?’
‘Well, while she attended teacher training college, she lived in Fort Marnay. To most people in Totudi, Fort Marnay was something like the centre of the universe. And, what’s more, people said that she had a European lover while she was living there.’
Rita looked at me curiously and enquired, ‘A European lover? Was that something to boast about?’
‘Oh, yes, believe me – you European lovers were big status symbols, back in those days.’
‘And what about now?’
‘I guess it’s still the same. I’ll check it out one day when I go back home.’
‘Taking me, your high-status European lover, with you?’
‘Hey, Rita! Come on! Be fair!’
Rita bit her lip and looked away. She said, ‘Sorry.’ Then she asked, ‘So Miss Renkula fancied herself?’
‘Fancied herself? Oh, yes, for sure. She used to dress up to the nines in frilly tops, tight skirts, nylon stockings, and high heels. And, of course, the tops were semi-transparent, just so that people would get the message that she knew about fashion.’
Rita wrinkled her nose and said, ‘Transparent tops aren’t fashionable.’
‘They are, in Keretani. Or at least they were.’
‘Where did she get the clothes? Did she buy them in Totudi?’
‘Totudi! Not a chance! In those days all you could buy in Totudi were bales of cloth and wrap-rounds. She used to order her clothes from Fort Marnay. She had piles of mail-order catalogues – you know, the glossy ones, with fancy models on the cover. She used to tell the class to get on with their work while she sat there, paging through the catalogues.’ Rita snorted and I continued, ‘Oh, Miss Renkula had been well trained at the college in Fort Marnay. She praised what was modern and up-to-date, and she condemned what was primitive.’
‘In her eyes, what was primitive?’
I told Rita that Miss Renkula had fixed and decided views about what was primitive and what was modern. Coming to school barefoot was primitive, even at the height of summer. Wearing a wrap-around cloth instead of Western-style clothing was primitive. Most of all, tattoos under the bottom lip were primitive in the extreme. In fact, Miss Renkula had her tattoos removed by a surgeon in Fort Marnay. The operation was painful and cost a lot of money, but as she said, ‘In this day and age a person has to be modern if they want to be an important somebody.’ Of course, when she spoke about her operation, Miss Renkula always added that hospitals, doctors and surgeons were modern – very modern – whereas traditional healers were primitive. In fact, they were beyond the pale and should be banned or driven into the bush to live with the Kwankamis who where of course the most primitive human species of all. Actually, when I think about the way that Miss Renkula taught us, I wonder how anyone survived the first year in school.
At this point, Rita asked, ‘Did she teach you anything at all? Was she capable of teaching anything?’
I replied, ‘Well, she taught us the names of the letters of the alphabet in the colonial language instead of in Krilufi. That was something, I guess.’
A few years ago, Father Arbuthnoir told me that he was in the principal’s office one day when Miss Renkula bustled in to make one of her regular complaints about the ignorant ways of the pupils. Miss Renkula told Brother George, ‘These children are backward. They can’t even read two words. It gets worse every year.’ She snorted and said, ‘Heh! Ignorant!’
Brother George nodded in agreement. He said, ‘It’s their home background. Their parents don’t give them a proper upbringing. You see it from the way the children just roam around everywhere in the village. What sort of upbringing is that, I ask you?’
Miss Renkula cried, ‘The village hasn’t developed. It’s nothing but a primitive place. Heh! It’s going to be a long time before it’s even half civilized.’ Brother George nodded fatalistically.
Arbuthnoir let out a volley of laughter when he got to this place in the story. He said he was sure that Brother George was thinking that bringing civilization to Totudi was a lost cause, especially when people who should be beacons of light like him, Father Arbuthnoir, spent so much time hobnobbing with local people, visiting them in their compounds, attending local ceremonies, allowing drums to be played in church, and writing poems about local customs. But Brother George couldn’t very well say that when Arbuthnoir was sitting there with him, so he just nodded morosely. Arbuthnoir said that, in any case, it was part of Brother George’s code of conduct not to criticize fellow Europeans in front of the natives.
Brother George only said, ‘Miss Renkula, you are quite correct. But the good Lord commands us to bring the light of the gospel to every corner of the world, so we mustn’t give up, no matter how discouraging the task seems to be.’ Miss Renkula sighed. Arbuthnoir said she was probably thinking that she would be happier showing her light in a more civilized corner of the world – very likely somewhere modern, like Fort Marnay.
I survived the first two years at school because my father took an interest in my education. It wasn’t easy. It was like floundering in the clinging mist of a highlands winter morning with the voice of Miss Renkula hissing out of the gloom, directing you to the next boulder-strewn slope and then hissing at you again when you stumbled or fell flat on your face. Fortunately, circumventing Miss Renkula’s ruinous methods, I got the basis of my education from my father. By scratching on the floor of our compound with a stick, he explained the relationship between sounds and letters. That put me on the road to mastering reading.
One evening, my father patted me on the back and said, ‘Good, my son. You’ve got the idea. What you need now is plenty of practice’
‘What can I practice on, dada?’
‘Your school reading books, of course.’
‘But we aren’t allowed to bring the books home. Miss Renkula packs them away after every class.’
‘What? Not allowed to bring a book home?’
‘That’s right, dada. She says we’ll all be punished if there’s even one book missing.’
My father gave the matter some thought and then said, ‘I’ll speak to Father Arbuthnoir. Perhaps he can help.’
Arbuthnoir could help. He used his influence to borrow an old reading book from Brother George. A few evenings later, he produced the book with a flourish and grinned conspiratorially while saying, ‘It’s always satisfying to beat the system eh?’ Arbuthnoir gave the book to me, saying, ‘Now, remember, youngster, this is contraband.’
‘Contra – what, Father?’
‘Contraband. That means goods you have to keep secret, keep to yourself. Nobody must know you’ve got it. Can you do that?’ He winked at me and continued, ‘I don’t want any trouble with Brother George. You understand?’ I took the book and nodded. Arbuthnoir said, ‘Right. That’s settled. Now let’s hear you read.’ He opened the book to the first page, the one with the story of David and Goliath and commanded, ‘Start there.’ I stumbled through a few words before Arbuthnoir stopped me, saying ‘Well, not bad for a start. You’ve got the general idea. But you need some instruction. Let’s take the first word. What do you think it is?’ I made a stab at the word. Arbuthnoir corrected me and then said, ‘You’ll get the hang of it soon enough. What you need is a bit of coaching. Tell you what, young man. I’ll come around every evening for a while, just for an hour or so, and we’ll work on your reading skills.’
 After a week of good progress, Arbuthnoir said that I was at the point where I could carry on reading on my own. I was disappointed because I enjoyed having Arbuthnoir’s attention. I liked having the comforting bulk of Arbuthnoir’s body next to me. I liked the smell of his pipe, the deep voice near my ear, the feeling that I was with someone outside of the family who liked me, trusted me, and approved of me. However, all good things come to an end and this good thing ended when Arbuthnoir shook my hand and said, ‘Right, you’re on your own from now on. I’ll check up on you from time to time.’ He nudged me and said confidentially, ‘And never tell anyone that you’ve got the book. It’s our secret, eh?’
Miss Renkula didn’t like the fact that I was making such good progress in reading. Probably she thought that it could be contagious. What if the other scholars learned to read so well, so quickly? For her it was no light matter, with only two little books that were meant to last for two years. I reckon that Miss Renkula worked out that if everyone followed my example, we would finish reading the first book in no time at all, even in the limited time that was set aside every day for the purpose. After that, at this pace, we’d be through the second book by the middle of the year. What would she do with the class after that? There would be nothing left to read in the Krilufi language and we weren’t supposed to start learning to read in the colonial language until late in the second grade. Nothing for the class to do? How would she explain that to Brother George?
My classmate, Nozam, solved the problem for Miss Renkula. One evening Nozam walked over to our compound to return a pencil that he had borrowed from me. It was a hot evening and Arbuthnoir was sitting with me under a tree near the entrance to our compound, making a quick check on how I was getting on. Nozam was almost upon us before I looked up. I tried to hide the book, but Arbuthnoir was clutching it firmly in his big hands, explaining a point. He couldn’t understand why I suddenly tried to grab it away. In any case, it was too late. Nozam had seen the book. He looked at it curiously, with an expression on his face of – what? Sudden understanding? Triumph, almost? It was just a sudden gleam of a look, but it made me feel uneasy. I introduced Nozam to Arbuthnoir who said, ‘I see you, Nozam.’ He put out his hand. Nozam raised his eyes, took Arbuthnoir’s hand, and responded, ‘I see you too, Father.’
‘A classmate of Kerem’s, eh?’
‘Yes, Father.’
‘An age group mate too, I guess?’
‘Yes, Father. We are age group mates.’
Then Arbuthnoir did something that horrified me. He held out the book to Nozam and asked, ‘Can you read, Nozam?’
Nozam lowered his eyes again and said, ‘A little, Father’ He shot a quick, sidelong look at me and added, ‘But not as well as Kerem.’
Arbuthnoir clapped him on the shoulder, saying, ‘Well, then, let’s hear you read.’ Nozam sat down and read a few lines before Arbuthnoir stopped him and said, ‘Not bad. You need some practice, that’s all, and maybe some instruction. I’ll tell you what – I’ve taught Kerem something about reading, and he’s quite good now. Why don’t you ask Kerem to teach you what he knows?’ Arbuthnoir must have caught the hesitation in my eyes because he said, ‘Age group mates help each other, not so?’
Nozam lowered his eyes. ‘Yes, Father, that is so.’
Then we talked about reading and about school in general. After a while, Nozam took his leave. I said, ‘Father, Nozam shouldn’t have seen the book.’
‘You think he’ll tell about it, eh?’ Arbuthnoir shrugged and said, ‘Well, look at it this way – age group mates trust each other. They support each other. You tell him that the book is our little secret, just the three of us. He’ll understand, you’ll see.’
I nodded and said nothing. However, I had a premonition that there was trouble coming and I was right because that was how Nozam solved Miss Renkula’s problem. Before school the next day, before I could speak to him, Nozam told Miss Renkula about the book. Miss Renkula hauled me to the front of the room, held me by an ear, and shouted, ‘Stupid bush child! Stupid disobedient child! Heh! No one is allowed to take a book home. You know that! Isn’t that so? Answer me!’I cried, ‘Yes, ma’am.’ I wasn’t so much interested in what she was saying as in trying to get away from the hand that was tormenting my ear. Miss Renkula clucked her tongue and hissed, ‘Stop wriggling! Don’t bring your primitive ways to class. Who gave you the book?’ I stood there shuffling, saying nothing. She shouted, ‘So you won’t tell me? Well, never mind, I know the answer anyway.’ She hissed again and said ominously, ‘We shall see about this!’
Miss Renkula led me out of the classroom, screeching, ‘We will see what Brother George has to say about this.’ In fact, Brother George didn’t say very much. He didn’t have to say much because Miss Renkula said it all – stupid bush child, dishonest, disobedient, and untrustworthy creature. Brother George sat there fiddling with a pencil, looking on gloomily. When Miss Renkula had finished her tirade, Brother George asked. ‘You admit that all this is true, Kerem?’ What could I say? I just lowered my eyes and nodded. Brother George roared, ‘Well, speak up!’
I muttered, ‘Yes, Brother. It’s true.’
Brother George leaned back in his chair and looked at me narrowly. He tapped the pencil on the desk – tik, tik, tik. He sighed and tapped the pencil again – tik, tik. Then he said, ‘Well, Kerem, I’m going to punish you. And after that, I want the book back. Understand?’ What could I do? I wanted to shout, ‘This is unfair – it’s nothing but bullying.’ I wanted to – but, of course, I didn’t. I just nodded miserably while Brother George brandished the leather strap. He said, ‘Hold out your left hand, Kerem.’ I held it out. Brother George raised the strap and said grimly, ‘I’m going to give you three strokes on the left hand and three on the right hand. And don’t withdraw your hand or that will just mean more trouble. Don’t clench your fist either.’ Whack! Whack! Brother George brought the strap down from maximum height, with full force. It was the first time that I had ever been struck in anger. It was painful. It was very, very painful. It was as if my whole system had been violated by a massive shock. Actually, I don’t know whether I suffered more from the pain or from the indignity.
When it was over I stood there, wringing my hands behind my back, trying to hold back the tears. Hiding the pain I was feeling, hiding my emotions, was the only small victory that I could gain in the face of such superior force.
Brother George nodded at Miss Renkula, who grasped my shoulder and hauled me back to the classroom, crying triumphantly, ‘Heh! That will teach you! Next time you will listen to what I say!’
Some of the children tittered when we entered the room but Miss Renkula silenced them with one glare and a hiss of anger. She shoved me towards my seat and then went on with the lessons as if nothing had happened.
Right after school, I went to see Father Arbuthnoir. It was the first time that I had visited his house. I opened the tidy wicket gate and walked up the flagstone path, laid out amidst the neat lawn and masses of flowers. The housekeeper left me in Arbuthnoir’s study while she went to call him so I had time to look around. I had never seen such a room. Books lined most of the walls and the rest of the space was taken up with carvings and artifacts. Right in front of me, hanging low on the wall, was a polished wooden mask, about twice the size of a normal face. I’ve never forgotten that mask. I’ve seen plenty of them since, but it’s that one, the first I ever saw, that stands out in my memory. I can still remember the details. With its full lips, broad nose, heavy eyelids, and its stippled tattoos on the cheeks, it seemed to speak of familiar things, of instinctive relationships brought to the surface. But what was it really saying, this eloquent piece of carved wood that drew me nearer until I was peering at it from a distance of only one or two paces? I was still studying it when Arbuthnoir came into the room and boomed cheerfully, ‘Ah, Kerem, you’ve found my latest acquisition. Do you like it?’
‘Yes, Father, I do.’
Arbuthnoir joined me in front of the mask. He put out a hand and touched the surface delicately, stroking one of the tattooed cheeks. He gave me a quick grin and remarked, ‘Perhaps "like" isn’t the right word, eh?’
‘Yes, Father.’
‘People in the highlands don’t make masks. I’ve often wondered why. In fact, there are no masks in Keretani, not at all. But if you go about a hundred kilometers north of the border, all the tribes make masks.’ Arbuthnoir stood back, stroked his chin, and said, ‘Now this one – it’s ceremonial, you know. It’s used for –’ He winked at me and said, ‘Never mind what it’s used for. The church doesn’t approve of it.’ We stood there in front of the mask, looking at its mutely expressive surface. Then Arbuthnoir said, ‘Let’s sit down. You’ve come to tell me something. I can see it on your face.’
I told him about the incident with the book. Arbuthnoir smiled sardonically and said, ‘I’ll speak to Brother George.’
‘He’s very angry, Father.’
‘Oh, I’m sure he is. Brother George is angry most of the time.’ Arbuthnoir clucked his tongue, looked straight at me, and asked, ‘Did he punish you?’
‘Yes, Father, he hit me on my hands with the leather strap. Three times on each hand.’
Arbuthnoir said nothing.  However, he shook his head vigorously as if he himself had been struck. He pursed his lips, folded his hands, lowered his head, and closed his eyes. Then he looked up and said firmly, ‘Leave the matter with me. Don’t give the book back. I’ll fix it.’
As I was leaving, Arbuthnoir asked, ‘This age group mate of yours, the one I met yesterday – what’s his name?’
‘His name is Nozam, Father.’
‘Ah, yes – Nozam. Tell me, is his father named Goklola?’
‘Yes, Father, he is.’
‘Goklola, eh?’ Arbuthnoir pursed his lips. Then he said, ‘Yes, I know him well. He’s just donated the wood for the new altar rail. A wealthy family, aren’t they?’
‘I suppose so, Father.’
Arbuthnoir frowned and said confidentially, ‘Well, I’d be careful of Nozam if I were you. But I probably don’t have to tell you that, eh?’
The upshot was that I kept the book for the rest of the school term. It was clear that the combined force of Brother George and Miss Renkula couldn’t prevail against Father Arbuthnoir. I wasn’t surprised. I could face hours of hissing, rage, and petty cruelty, rather than have Arbuthnoir looking at me steadily with his eyes slightly narrowed in that half-humorous, knowing way of his.
Although Miss Renkula said nothing more about the matter, I often found her looking at me intently in a way that made me feel uneasy. She reminded me of a snake when she hissed between her teeth, passed her tongue over her lips, and slid out of the chair in her tight-skirted legs. However, I didn’t think of her as the poison-fang type of snake. Having been pulled and shoved around by her as well as pinched and pincered, I though of her more as the type that wrapped itself around you and squeezed until you offered no more resistance.
From that time onwards, Miss Renkula refused to allow me to read aloud in class and she hardly ever looked at my work. She ignored me most of the time except when, occasionally, she lashed out with sudden criticism. On the other hand, Nozam was her favorite. On the other hand, she made a special point of praising Nozam’s work and she almost always asked him to read aloud in class.
I burned with indignation – but what could I do? I was learning what it was to be powerless in the face of injustice. I was learning what most people in Keretani already knew, namely that when faced with a superior, oppressive force, you subordinate yourself in silence while you rage inwardly.

THREE: YOU MUST BE CAREFUL

In spite of Miss Renkula, I survived the first three years of schooling. I was fortunate to have innate intelligence, such as it was, together with the support of my parents. I also had Father Arbuthnoir’s advice.
However, there was one thing that I nearly didn’t survive. That was the occasion when I tumbled down the cliff. It happened because Miss Renkula decided to have a picnic. I don’t know why she thought it would be a good idea. After all, eating food while sitting on the ground wasn’t a new experience for most of us. We did it all the time. One day, Miss Renkula showed us a picture of a group of boys and girls sitting on a cloth on the ground, eating and drinking. They were pale-skinned youngsters. We had seen a few white people, like Father Arbuthnoir and Brother George, but they weren’t really white at all – their skin was almond-brown. Compared to them, the children in the picture were so pale that they looked unhealthy. The girls had long hair and were dressed in fancy dresses and white ankle socks while the boys had short, slicked-down hair with side partings. They wore long shorts with knee-high grey socks. Some of the children were reaching into baskets, taking out sandwiches and bottles and others were already helping themselves to the food. To complete the pastoral idyll, a dull-looking cow was peering at them over a hedge.
Miss Renkula held the picture up and declared, ‘Now, class, this is a picnic. Repeat after me – pic-nic. No, not peek-neek! Say it again: pic-nic. That’s better. Why do you think that people have picnics?’ She wasn’t happy when one of the scholars responded, ‘Ma’am, the children look sickly.’
‘Sickly? What do you mean?’
‘Ma’am, look how pale they are.’
Miss Renkula clucked her tongue and cried, ‘What of it, child? What does it have to do with a picnic?’
Another student joined the conversation, saying, ‘Perhaps they were forced to go and eat out in the open, ma’am.’
‘Why? Explain yourself.’
‘Perhaps it was so that other children wouldn’t catch the sickness from them. You told us not to come to school if we have a sickness.’
Miss Renkula clucked her tongue even louder. She hissed, made a wave of dismissal to the speaker, and said, ‘No. They are not sick. They are perfectly healthy.’ She pointed at someone else and asked, ‘Yes, you – what do you think?’
‘Ma’am, I think that they are eating in the open because they are poor. They don’t have home compounds.’
‘No. That’s not correct, either. Yes you – what do you think they are doing?’ Miss Renkula pointed at another pupil who replied hesitantly, ‘Ma’am, I think that they are waiting for the men from the village to come and kill the cow.’
‘Kill the cow? Kill the cow? Why would they kill the cow?’
‘Well, ma’am, after they kill the cow, they will roast the meat and everyone will eat it. I think that is why people have picnics.’
Miss Renkula sneered at us and declared in frustration, ‘Those are stupid answers! Don’t you children know anything?’ She pointed at the picture and cried, ‘People have picnics so that they can enjoy eating outside in the fresh air. That is all! It is very simple. Heh! That is what they do in civilized countries. Do you understand?’ There were no more questions. When Miss Renkula said that something was civilized, she said it in such a way that no one ever questioned it. Miss Renkula continued, ‘I have decided that we will have a class picnic. We will have the picnic on the last Saturday before the examinations begin. Any questions?’
We had the picnic on the western side of the hill named ‘The Watcher.’ It was the side furthest from the village, facing some of the tilled fields and looking over to the dense bush that stretched beyond the fields.
We carried all the provisions to the site. It was easier for the girls because they were trained to carry baskets on their heads. By the time the boys staggered in, the girls were already sitting on cloths on the ground, setting out the contents of their baskets. We ate and drank, chatted, and played games before some of us boys decided to climb the hill. It was a lot more difficult on this side than it was on the other side. Halfway up, there was a steep cliff. We were making our way around the cliff on an easier slope when Nozam said, ‘Let’s climb across the cliff.’
Some of the boys said that it was too difficult but Nozam looked at me, and asked, ‘What do you think, Kerem?’
I said doubtfully, ‘It’s pretty steep.’
Nozam asked, ‘Are you afraid?’
‘No, I’m not afraid.’
‘Well, if you’re not afraid, show us how to do it.’
I felt that I was up for the challenge because I was used to scrambling and climbing across rocky places. I liked to stand on high promontories, looking out over the country that stretched out beneath my feet. In this case, I thought that I could see a way across the cliff so I said, ‘All right, I’ll try it.’
At first the going wasn’t too difficult. However, about halfway across, I got stuck. I told myself to keep calm. Spread against the face of the cliff, I started feeling around for handholds and footholds while some of the boys shouted instructions from below. But nothing helped. I couldn’t go forwards and I couldn’t go backwards. I was stuck and my arms were getting tired.
I heard someone say, ‘Nozam, you got Kerem into this. You’d better get him out of it.’
Nozam said, ‘All right, I will.’ He called out, ‘Hang on, Kerem, I’m coming.’ I twisted my head and looked over my left shoulder. I could just see the top of Nozam’s head before he moved underneath me. Then I couldn’t see him any more.
I said, ‘Hurry up, Nozam. My arms are getting tired.’
Nozam’s voice came from just below me: ‘Hold on! I’m going to drive a stick into the cliff. You can slide down and put your left foot onto it.’ It didn’t sound like a good idea, but it was all that was available. Something had to happen soon. I was starting to pant with the effort of hanging on and my arm muscles were quivering under the strain. Also, I was scared. I said, ‘Hurry up, man! I can’t stay here much longer.’
Nozam said, ‘Move your left foot down.’ I stretched downwards, hanging on by my fingertips at full stretch. Nozam said, ‘Just a little bit more. You’re nearly there.’
I could feel the stick with the tip of my big toe. I shouted, ‘Is it strong enough?’
Nozam shouted back, ‘Yes. I’ll hold it. Put your foot onto it.’ I stretched to the utmost and slid down the rock, digging my fingertips into small cracks, until my foot rested on the stick. It seemed to be firm. Nozam said, ‘Stay there. I’ve got another stick. I’ll fix it in the rock.’ My arms were aching with the strain so I put more of my weight onto the stick. It moved slightly and then it dislodged. I slipped, clawed desperately for non-existent handholds, and fell down the cliff.
When I regained consciousness, I was lying in the back of a swaying pick-up truck. My head thumped and a spasm of pain came up from my left leg. It was so overwhelming that I felt as if I had been enveloped in a wave of fire. I passed out again.
The nurses at the clinic in Post Sebastian set my broken leg. They also looked into my eyes and said that I didn’t seem to have suffered from the concussion. However, just to be safe, they kept me in a darkened room for the next two days. When a doctor from Fort Marnay visited the clinic three days later, he reset my leg. He didn’t bother to look into my eyes because he said that if any damage had been done, it was too late to do anything about it.
When I went back to school a week later, I was a celebrity because no one at the school had ever had a leg set in plaster. My classmates lined up to sign their names on the plaster cast. When Nozam signed his name, he said dismissively, ‘Huh! You’re lucky you only have a broken leg.’
I said, ‘I don’t feel very lucky. I fell down a cliff – remember?’
Nozam asked, ‘Why didn’t you keep your foot on the stick?’
‘I didn’t move my foot. The stick fell out.’
Nozam shrugged and looked around at our class mates, asking in mock disbelief, ‘Can you believe it? I did my best to help hi, and now he blames me for what happened. And, what’s more, my father allowed them to use one of his trucks to take him to the clinic. You can’t say that we didn’t try to help.’ He flicked the plaster cast with a fingernail, said ‘Huh!’ and stalked away. On my plaster cast, he had scrawled, ‘Don’t lose your grip next time.’
Miss Renkula looked at me distantly when I limped into the classroom and said disapprovingly, ‘So, Kerem, you are back with us, are you? I hope that you will not cause a disturbance like that again.’
‘No, ma’am. I hope not.’
 ‘Good! It is not polite to spoil a picnic like you did, especially when everyone was looking forward to it so much.’ She waved me to my seat and said impatiently, ‘Sit down, Kerem. You have missed a lot of work. You will have to catch up.’
When I told Arbuthnoir and my father about my encounter with Nozam, Arbuthnoir said, ‘It sounds like Nozam is feeling guilty. I wonder why?’
My father said, ‘That family has too much money. They don’t have a feeling of responsibility towards other people. ’
I didn’t tell them what Miss Renkula had said.
When the doctor removed the plaster cast six weeks later at the clinic in Post Sebastian, there was a kink in my leg. The doctor said he had done his best, but he wasn’t a surgeon. He recommended that the leg should be left to straighten on its own. It never did and I’ve had the kink ever since. For a while I walked with a limp but it disappeared as I grew towards adulthood. Now I only feel the effects of the accident during periods of stress or heavy exertion. At times like that, the dull twinge brings back memories along with the physical discomfort.
‘Kerem, my boy,’ Arbuthnoir would say, ‘You’re getting through the first phase of your education quite well. You’re surviving life in the trenches. Well done! But soon enough you’re going to be out there in no-man’s land, exposed directly to enemy fire.’
‘Enemy fire?’ asked my father, peering though his magnifying glass at a block of wood while tapping it thoughtfully with the hammer.
Arbuthnoir snorted and said meaningfully, ‘I’m talking about Brother George. He will be Kerem’s teacher next year.’
My father looked at Arbuthnoir quickly, grunted, and said, ‘Ha! Brother George!’ He returned to peering through the magnifying glass. Arbuthnoir said nothing more. He just sat there, puffing on his pipe thoughtfully. There was a knowing silence between the two men.
On the first day in the fourth grade, I began to understand about Brother George. That was when the new scholars’ names were being recorded in the register. 
When Brother George barked, ‘Name?’ I stood up and replied, ‘Kerem, Brother George.’
‘Ha! Kerem, is it?’ Brother George looked at me fiercely and barked, ‘I don’t have to ask who your father is, do I?’ I didn’t know how to respond so I just stood there awkwardly, twisting my hands behind my back. Brother George demanded, ‘Well, do I?’
‘Uh – no Brother George.’
‘No, I don’t. And I’ll tell you why.’ Brother George pointed his pen at me and said viciously, ‘It’s because everyone knows your father is a vapid-headed carver who spends more time on dreams than he spends on doing useful, productive work. Am I correct?’ Once again, I didn’t know what to say. I just stood there with eyes cast down, twisting my hands behind my back. Brother George advanced down the aisle, his large boot trampling over boxes, bags and other belongings as he went. He stopped a few paces from me, towering over me. His cassock seemed to emit a musty odor, but perhaps that was just the effect of Brother George’s fleshy bulk, shutting out the light from the windows. He said, ‘Sit down, lad. You’re making the classroom untidy.’ He pushed down on my head, forcing me into my seat. Then, pinching tightly with his thumb and forefinger, Brother George took hold of some of my hair, just above one of my ears. He twisted the hair and pulled upwards, forcing me to rise and twist awkwardly into a position where I was neither standing nor sitting.
Holding me in that position, Brother George said to the class at large, ‘When I ask you a question, you answer me. Understand?’ My classmates were looking at the spectacle wide-eyed. There was a deep, apprehensive silence. Brother George tightened his grip on my hair, pulling me further upwards. I tried to wriggle free but he just gripped me even more firmly. He looked around the class and barked, ‘I asked you a question. Did you hear me?’ A few of the children said, ‘Yes, brother.’ Brother George demanded in a louder voice, ‘I asked a question of all of you. Did you hear me?’
‘Yes, brother!’
‘All of you – did you hear me? Answer me, loud and clear.’
‘Yes, brother!’
‘Good, now I can hear you. That’s much better.’ Brother George suddenly shoved me downwards, gave me a final twist and a pinch, grunted, and walked away without looking at me. He sat down behind his desk and continued the registration process as if nothing at all had happened. In a suppressed fury of pain and humiliation, I rubbed the side of my head.
That afternoon my mother asked me, ‘How was the first day in grade four, my son?’ I was sitting cross-legged on the floor, scooping sedtse meal out of a bowl. I had a mouthful of meal when I tried to answer. I choked and began to cough violently. My mother kneeled next to me, put one arm around me, and beat my back with her free hand. When I stopped coughing, I was crying. She held me close to her and I cried all the more. She asked, ‘What’s the matter, my son? Something to do with school today? I shook my head, coughed some more, and sobbed even more wretchedly. My mother said softly ‘It helps to talk.’
When I calmed down, I told her about what had happened in class. My mother held me to her breast, stroked my head, and said, ‘There, there, my son. Brother George isn’t here now. Calm yourself.’ She rubbed a cheek against the top of my head and said firmly, ‘Your father must know about this.’
I sat up and wiped my nose, crying out, ‘No! He mustn’t!’
My mother held me at arm’s length, looked at me steadily, and said, ‘Now, you listen to me, Kerem. Your father is a good man, a very good man. You know that?’ I nodded. She continued, still in the same terse tones, ‘In fact, I don’t know any man better than your father. And, if you don’t know it yet, you should listen to what I’m saying because I’m telling you the truth. I’m telling you that he’s the best father any boy could have.’ I nodded dumbly. My mother’s voice was strained and her eyes were moist as she went on, ‘To insult a father in front of his son – and such a fine man, too.’ My mother stopped. Now she was weeping softly, not hiding it from me. ‘To insult a man like your father – and so openly, too – and then, to treat you like that…’ She stopped again. We pressed together, mother and son, both weeping.
My father took the news calmly as if it was no surprise to him. He stroked his chin, nodded reflectively, and said, ‘We’ll talk about this later.’ Then he walked over to his carving corner and, with his back to u, sat down in front of a tall block of wood. We knew what that meant: he didn’t want to be disturbed. 
He worked until the early hours of the morning, chiseling and shaping. In the morning the carving was covered by a large piece of cloth, the corners weighed down by stones. It was clear that my father’s latest production wasn’t open to viewing.
When Arbuthnoir visited us that evening, he gave my father a wink and a broad grin before my father pulled the cloth off with a flourish. Arbuthnoir peered at what was revealed and then began to laugh – a deep-bellied, rolling series of guffaws. Whenever he bent forward to look at the carving, he let out another roll of laughter. When my mother and I looked at the carving, we had the same reaction. The carving depicted a tall, stooped man, bald headed, with a pair of spectacles and a bulbous nose. He was leaning backwards, with a little rounded potbelly protruding in front while at the same time his head was inclined forward. The shape of the head and the expression suggested something both bland and malevolent, a cross between the facial contours of a browsing giraffe and a vulture eyeing a carcass. 
Recovering from her fit of laughter, my mother gasped, put her hand to her mouth, and turned away to hide her giggles. Arbuthnoir clapped me on the shoulder and boomed, ‘Well, what do you think, my boy? Isn’t it a fine thing that your father has done?’ At that, I began to laugh again. Arbuthnoir joined in, rolling out more mighty guffaws.
All this time, my father stood there smiling easily, almost naughtily. Between spasms of laughter, Arbuthnoir gasped, ‘Look at it! It’s Brother George, no mistaking it. A living likeness! But look what he’s done with him!’ Arbuthnoir pointed at the carving with his pipe and spluttered, ‘The look on his face, that nose – what a caricature!’ He broke out in laughter again.
When the merriment subsided, my father sat down on a mat and patted a place for me to sit down next to him. He said to my mother, ‘You too, my wife. Come and sit down. This is business for all of us.’
Arbuthnoir sat on a wooden stool, leaning forward. He seldom sat on the floor, saying, with his characteristic, ironic smile, that it wasn’t his culture to do so, and anyway, how could people respect a priest who sat on the ground? My father would say in teasing response, ‘Ah, my friend, are you with the people or not?’ But he always had a stool ready for Arbuthnoir.
When we were seated, my father fiddled around in his bag, drew out his snuff, took a few sniffs, and cleared his throat. He glanced at the carving, smiled faintly, and said, ‘About Brother George – now, see, I’ve heard that he insulted me in front of my son and his age mates. Also, I’ve heard how he treated my son. I do not like to be insulted. No human being likes to be insulted.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘Brother George is a barbarian!’
My father frowned and said pensively, ‘Perhaps he is. And perhaps he is just misguided. But, whatever makes Brother George the sort of person that he is, one thing is certain – Kerem has to live with it for the next four years. Not so?’
My mother asked, ‘Live with it? For four years? That is too long!’
Arbuthnoir stamped a foot forcefully and bellowed, ‘What! Not a bit of it! I’ll have the man transferred!’
My father replied evenly, ‘But, my friend, the church transferred Brother George to Totudi as a place of last resort, not so? Where else would the mission send him?’
Arbuthnoir replied, ‘Well, damn it, they can send him home! It should have been done a long time ago.’
My father said calmly, ‘It might not be so easy for them to do that. Disgrace for Brother George is also disgrace for the church, not so?’ He shrugged, waited for a few seconds, then continued, ‘But if Brother George doesn’t go, which will probably be the case – well, Kerem still has to get a school education and it’s going to be Brother George who has to give it to him, not so?’
My mother cried, ‘Four years! With that man! It’s too much!’
My father leaned over, touched her arm briefly, and said, ‘Some things have to be endured, if they can’t be changed. But Kerem knows what he has to face, and he has us to support him, so…’ He shrugged.
My mother broke out angrily: ‘Why should our son have to deal with it. He’s only a boy. Why don’t we do something?’
My father nodded and said quietly, ‘True. We could do something. And what if we don’t succeed? The result will be that our son will be even worse treated than he was before, because a man like Brother George won’t let a thing like that rest. Brother George is small in spirit.’ My father spread his hands and shrugged. ‘There we have it – either do something, or leave it alone. I say we leave it alone, because it’s safer for Kerem.’
There was a thoughtful silence before Arbuthnoir pointed his pipe at the carving, grinned, and asked, ‘What about that? Do you call that leaving a matter alone?’
My father smiled faintly and responded, ‘A good likeness, don’t you think?’
‘A wicked likeness, I would say.’ Arbuthnoir let out a roll of laughter.
My father said, ‘Kerem, when you’ve been bothered by Brother George, you come and stand in front of this carving after school, and you laugh at it. That way you’ll find that you can put up with him a lot more easily.’
Arbuthnoir puffed out his cheeks. It looked as if he was about to break out in another wave of rolling laughter. He cried out, ‘Putting Brother George into perspective, eh?’ My father nodded. Arbuthnoir asked, ‘You’re going to leave the carving right here?’ My father nodded, straight-faced. ‘You’ll leave it here for four years?’ My father nodded again. Arbuthnoir said mischievously, ‘And of course Brother George will get to hear of it. And of course when he does…’ He started to laugh again. That set us all off. Finally, when the laughter died down, Arbuthnoir wiped his eyes and asked, ‘What will you do with the carving later, after Kerem finishes school?’
My father asked, innocently, ‘What about it?’
Arbuthnoir was struggling to hold back his laughter. He said, ‘Well, what are you going to do with it? Are you just going to leave it here forever?’ He looked at the piece appraisingly and said, ‘It’s good, you know – wicked, but very good. I’d say it’s one of the best things you’ve done.’
My father leaned back and regarded the carving with a sardonic smile. He said, ‘Hmm!’ contemplatively. Then he said, ‘After Kerem leaves school, I will put it in the craft market. Yes, that is what I will do. It will stay there for at least one year. I will tell the owner of the stall not to sell it during that time.’
Still chuckling, Arbuthnoir asked, ‘And after that?’
‘After that, it can be sold to anyone who wants to buy it. That is the way the market, not so?’ My father was still looking at the carving contemplatively. Then he said with a straight face, ‘Perhaps Brother George would like to buy it as a souvenir.’
This time, our laughter was so unconstrained that they must have heard it clearly down in the street of the traders.
Within a few hours, just about everyone in the village knew about the carving. People crowded into our compound, filling it with laughter and cries of amused admiration. Of course, it wasn’t long before Brother George also heard about the carving and made surreptitious enquiries. Some people were sensitive to Brother George’s desire not to lose face so they told him that it was an excellent likeness. Others, less sensitive, told him the truth about the carving. All this time, my father just smiled sardonically.
Whatever Brother George made of the matter, it had a salutary effect on his attitude towards me. From that time onwards he treated me very carefully – although I did catch him looking at me distrustfully, speculatively, and even quite menacingly, from time to time. 
Arbuthnoir told us that after an interval of a few weeks, Brother George ventured to ask him about the carving. Arbuthnoir smiled easily, patted him on the arm, and told him, ‘Now, now Brother George, I can assure you that it’s an excellent likeness. You have nothing to be worried about.
‘But, why –?’
Arbuthnoir replied ‘You know how it is with these villagers. They’re just simple folk. When they admire someone – a person like you for instance, someone of superior intellect and character – well, then they like to honour them.’
Brother George looked at Arbuthnoir uncertainly. He asked, ‘And you think – that’s why –?’
Arbuthnoir nodded firmly and said, ‘Of course! It is a great tribute to you.’
When I left the village school, my father did put the carving on open view in the craft market. Under cover of darkness, Brother George went down for a private viewing. Then he went straight to my father. It was the first time that Brother George had ever visited our compound. Brother George was explosive and my father was calm. After he heard Brother George out, my father suggested that Brother George might like to buy the carving. Brother George cried out in rage, ‘What! Buy that thing? Are you mad?’
My father responded, ‘Keep calm, brother. I’m making a reasonable suggestion. After all, it is a valuable piece of art, not so? It’s one of my best. In fact, I am so pleased with it that I want to sell it to the art gallery in Fort Marnay.’
‘What! Display it in Fort Marnay?’
My father looked Brother George in the eye and said, ‘I hear that the art collector from the gallery will be visiting Totudi next week. I might offer him a special price on the carving.’
Brother George ground his teeth, groaned, and reached for his walled. He asked, ‘How much?’ My father named his price. Brother George ground his teeth again. Then my father offered Brother George ten per cent discount for the sake of old acquaintance and the sale was made.
Brother George took the carving home, poured kerosene over it, set it alight, and watched it burn to ashes.
Within three months, Brother George went on early retirement and took passage from Fort Marnay. On the day he was due to sail, Arbuthnoir said, ‘I know what Brother George is thinking right now.’
My father asked, ‘What is Brother George thinking?’
‘He’s thinking that he’s bound for home and his little country cottage, nestled in a cosy dell, its stone walls covered with creepers, its front garden full of well-pruned rose bushes, all of it far away from the tropics and native art.’
There was a short silence. Then my mother said, ‘Good riddance!’ For her, it was a strong statement.
My father said with a straight face, ‘It was one of my best carvings. I guess I’ll never do another one quite like it.’
As I said, during my last years at the village school, Brother George kept me at a watchful distance. On the other hand, Nozam was Brother George’s favourite pupil. That wasn’t surprising because Nozam’s father, Goklola, made regular donations to the school. He also provided the materials for the extensions to the principal’s dwelling, which housed Brother George.
When there was an errand to be run, it was usually Nozam who was called on to do it. It was always ‘Nozam, will you did this for me, there’s a good boy?’ or ‘Why can’t the rest of you produce work as good as Nozam’s?’ It annoyed us, but we couldn’t do much about it. Nozam was by far the best wrestler in our age group, so no one would take him on physically. Also, he was good at school work, so people couldn’t bring him down to earth on those grounds, either. If anyone said anything about Nozam being Brother George’s favourite, Nozam would just flex his arms and ask, ‘Do you want to make something of it? No? Well, my friend, don’t be jealous. It’s not my fault if you’re too stupid to do well in your school work. Go and eat some more sweet potatoes and maybe you’ll grow some more brains.’
Nozam was the eldest son of Goklola, who was by far the richest man in the village. In fact, Goklola was one of the richest men in the whole of the highlands. He first made his money in retailing, when he managed to get one of the few colonial business licenses that were available for Africans. Later he started a transportation business. Then, when the colonial authorities decided that it was time to build up an indigenous middle class, Goklola got the contract to transport government supplies all over the highlands. That was when the money really started rolling in.
Goklola wasn’t popular. In fact, he always had two bodyguards with him wherever he went. One reason was that Goklola drove hard bargains, and also tried to drive competitors out of business by whatever means came to hand. To add to the dislike that people felt for him, he despised anyone who wasn’t rich as he was. He openly referred to them as ‘stupid peasants’ and ‘empty pumpkins’. When people in the village talked about Goklola, someone was sure to smile knowingly and repeat the well-known proverb that even the highest tree does not despise the soil in which it is rooted.
Goklola lived with his four wives and twelve children in a modern bungalow-style complex that sprawled over the hill outside the village. A high wall topped with barbed wire and pieces of broken glass surrounded the complex, and there was always a guard at the heavy, wrought- iron gates. The family was seldom seen in the village, except occasionally at church and at special functions at the school. On those occasions, Goklola always arranged for seating to be reserved for himself and his family. They would bustle in like royalty, dressed in their finest outfits, with a wall of disdain between them and everyone else. On those occasions, Nozam wasn’t allowed to sit with the rest of the village children and had to join his family in grand seclusion.
People said that Goklola’s worst faults were the ones that the public couldn’t see. In fact, they said, to put it simply, he was a crook. He had to be a crook, because getting government contracts always involved underhand deals and bribes, especially when you were a black man. They also muttered that Goklola was a stooge of the colonialists, a person who would sup with the devil with a short spoon as long as there was money to be made.
Looking back on it, I can see that Nozam didn’t have an easy life. When we were children, we envied him because of his wealthy and comfortable lifestyle. However, we didn’t know any thing about the pressures to which he was subjected. We didn’t know that his father often beat him for not coming up to the mark in sports or in school work. We didn’t know how much Nozam was under pressure to be better and different from the rest of us.
As another mark of his favor, Brother George appointed Nozam to the position of class monitor. One of his duties was to supervise the class if Brother George had to leave the classroom and that was how I met Sanomi. Brother George left the classroom to attend to some business, leaving Nozam in charge as usual. Nozam was sitting at the teacher’s desk, head down, working away at an exercise while I was sitting at my desk, doing the same. Suddenly – phut! – a small missile struck the back of my neck. I said, ‘Ow! and looked around. A second missile struck me, just above an eyelid. I shouted and rubbed the spot. Nozam looked up and said, ‘Kerem – you’re on report!’
Still rubbing the painful spot, while at the same time dabbing tears out of my eye, I asked, ‘For what?’
‘For making a noise in class, of course.’
‘But –’
‘Don’t argue with me, Kerem.’
‘But…’
Nozam’s eyes glinted with hostility. He pointed his pencil at me and said, ‘You’re arguing with me. That’s a second report.’
I subsided in anger and frustration, rubbing at the painful spot and feeling the injustice even more than the physical pain. When Brother George came back, Nozam made his report and Brother George roared, ‘Kerem – disturbing the class, eh? Go to my office. Wait outside. I’ll meet you there shortly.’
‘But, brother –’
‘I said go to my office. Did you hear me?’
Dragging my feet, heavy with a sense of injustice, I went to the office.
I was waiting there when Miss Renkula came along. She stopped, looked me over, hissed, and went into the office. When she came out holding a pile of books, she stopped and gave me a longer, wrap-around look. Then she clucked her tongue and went on her way, her high heels click-clicking on the concrete floor of the veranda.
Raging inwardly at the injustice and at the fact that I was helpless, I stood there, eyes down, slumped into myself. Then I heard someone ask, ‘You’re Kerem aren’t you?’ I looked around and then down. A little girl was standing there, looking up at me. I said, ‘Yes, I am. Who are you?’
‘My name is Sanomi. What are you here for?’ She was small – quite tiny, actually – with a heart-shaped face and eyes that pulled slightly at the outer corners. With these features and her compact, stocky body, she reminded me of my mother. She was wearing a thin, check-patterned cotton dress with a scalloped collar that was buttoned at the neck. Her feet were bare.
I said, ‘I’m here on report.’
‘On report? Did Nozam report you?’
‘Yes, that’s right. He did.’
Sanomi wrinkled her nose and responded, ‘We say that Nozam enjoys reporting people’
‘Who is “we”?’
‘The people in my class, of course. That’s what we all say. What did you do?’
I was still rubbing my eye as I said, ‘Someone hit me twice with a missile. So, of course, I made a noise because of the pain.’
‘Bend down. Let me have a look.’
I bent down. Sanomi examined the spot above my eyelid, looking closely at it, stroking it lightly with her finger. She said, ‘You were lucky it wasn’t a bit lower.’
‘I guess I was.’
Sanomi said, firmly, ‘My mother says a person’s eyes are very precious. She also says, "Where would we be without our eyes?" That’s what she says. That’s why we have to be careful with them.’ She put her hands back on her hips and stood there, legs planted, looking up at me. What was there to say? I just grinned at her. I found it amusing – this little girl’s confident stance, her serous, delicate face, and her assured manner. However, this interlude didn’t last for long because Brother George was approaching and Sanomi said quickly, ‘Whoops – got to go! Good luck!’ She disappeared around the corner of the building.
Brother George let me off with a warning. He stood there, weighing the strap in his hand while he lectured me about good behaviour and the consequences of further misdemeanors. Then he let me go.
After school, I intercepted Nozam and asked him, ‘Why did you do that?’
Nozam looked at me sidelong and asked casually, ‘What?’ He didn’t stop walking.
‘Why did you report me? You know what really happened.’
Nozam still didn’t stop walking. He just shrugged and said, ‘It doesn’t matter. I’m not interested in your excuses. The fact is that you were disturbing the class.’
This only compounded my sense of injustice. I said heatedly, ‘I’m talking to you man.’
Nozam continued on his way without even looking at me. He just said. ‘I know. Do you think I’m deaf?’ He hitched his bag over his shoulder more firmly, as if to say, ‘I’m busy, and you’re disturbing me.’
I grabbed Nozam by the arm, to stop him, to make him face me. Nozam’s eyes flashed. He swung his bag in a wide arc and struck the side of my head. As he shaped to swing the bag again, I tried to grab it. Suddenly Nozam moved on me, going in low like a wrestler. Before I could brace myself, he had me on the ground, face down, with an arm pinned behind my back. Nozam put a knee into my back, forcing my face into the dirt. I tried to wrestle free but he had pinned me down too firmly. He pressed my head forward again, rubbed my face in the dirt and grunted into my ear, ‘I’m going to let you go now. Don’t try anything. You’re no good at fighting, anyway. It’s time you learned your place.’
Then he walked away without even one backward glance. It was the final insult, leaving his back exposed, knowing that I wouldn’t tackle him again. He was banking on my sense of honour, on the precept that you never attacked an opponent from behind. Also, Nozam knew, and everyone knew, that no one in our age group could beat him in a physical tussle. In fact he even wrestled competitively against older boys.
I stood there, watching him walk away, wiping the dirt from my face, using the end of my shirt to dig the grit out of my eyes. I can still recall how I felt that day. I was in turmoil of rage and frustration. There were tears in my eyes: hot, resentful tears that I couldn’t keep back even as I cursed myself for being a weakling. I hated myself for being so ineffectual, standing there in the middle of the path, disheveled, defeated, and crying
I picked up my belongings and, as I began to make my way homewards, someone asked, ‘Are you all right?’ It was the little girl who had spoken to me outside Brother George’s office.
I looked away, trying to hide my tear-streaked face and said, ‘Yes. You are –?’
‘I’m Sanomi. Remember – I spoke to you earlier.’
I nodded. ‘Yes, that’s right – Sanomi.’ Then I said, ‘I’m all right.’
We walked a little way in silence. Then Sanomi asked, ‘Don’t you say, thanks for asking?’
‘What did you say?’
‘Don’t you say, “Thanks for asking”, when someone asks how you are? My mother says it’s only polite to say that.’
I couldn’t help grinning as I replied, ‘Okay. Thanks for asking.’
Sanomi said seriously, ‘Nozam is not a nice boy.’ I just grunted. We walked a little further in silence until Sanomi suddenly said, ‘My mother said that your father has done a carving.’
‘My father has done lots of carvings.’
‘My mother says this is a carving of Brother George.’
‘Maybe it is.’
‘Can I see the carving?’
I replied, ‘The compound is always open for children.’ It was what the adults said, about the highlands custom of welcoming children who wanted to sit down and stay for a while. Sanomi wrinkled her nose and observed, ‘My mother says that she hears the carving is the very essence of Brother George.’
 Once again, I couldn’t help grinning. I asked, ‘The essence? What does that mean?’
Sanomi said, seriously, ‘I don’t really know. I think it means it’s very good.’ She stood and faced me, her face illuminated by the strong afternoon light that filtered through the trees fringing the path. She asked, ‘Do you think it’s good?’ I nodded. She said, ‘I’ll come and see it some time. My mother says it must be a good carving if your father did it.’
‘You’re welcome any time.’
Sanomi put her head to one side, squinted up at me, and said, ‘Kerem, you must be careful. There are people who don’t like you.’
‘Is that what your mother says?’
Sanomi said resolutely, ‘That’s what I think. But my mother says if you are clever, and if you are different, then a lot of people won’t like you, as sure as the cattle come home in the evening.’
I turned away. I didn’t want a little girl to see that there were new tears in my eyes. I muttered, ‘Thank you, Sanomi.’ We parted company there, at the fork in the bush path, going our separate ways home.

FOUR: THE WORLD IS NOT WHAT IT WAS

When I was in my last year at the village school, Arbuthnoir told my father that I was a clever lad who should proceed to further studies.
My father scratched his head, thought about the matter, and replied, ‘He’s clever enough. Anyone can see that. But further studies? Leaving Totudi? It’s a big step.’
‘It will mean a lot for his future.’ Arbuthnoir leaned forward to press his point but my father wasn’t going to be rushed. He took a pinch of snuff, rubbed his chin, and said slowly, ‘Kerem is our only child. It’s a big thing when a child leaves the home – especially the only child. It will be hard on his mother. And as for me – well, it won’t be easy, either.’ My father spread his hands and said, ‘We weren’t planning on it happening so soon.’ Arbuthnoir just nodded. My father continued, ‘I was hoping that Kerem would help in the fields. I’m not getting any younger.’ He stroked the grey hairs above his ears by way of illustrating his point.
Arbuthnoir grinned and pointed his pipe, observing, ‘Not to mention your carvings.’
‘Hmm? What do you mean?’
‘The more help you have in the fields, the more time for your carvings, eh?’
My father looked at me appraisingly and replied, ‘Yes. Why not? Young people also have to earn their living. It would be the same for Kerem as for any other young man in Totudi, not so? That’s how it’s always been. Isn’t there something in the Bible about earning your way by the sweat of your brow?’
Arbuthnoir replied, ‘And isn’t there something in the Bible about God helping those who help themselves?’
My father chuckled sardonically and responded, ‘Is the Most Reverend Father Arbuthnoir writing his own version of the Bible, now?’
‘Perhaps. It depends who I’m talking to.’
My father smiled in acknowledgement and shrugged. ‘You see how it is, my friend. This isn’t a simple matter. It affects more people than just Kerem.’
Arbuthnoir said sympathetically, ‘I know. It’s not that I haven’t thought about these things.’ He opened the bottle of beer that he had brought along for the visit. My father poured some tea into a wooden mug and the two men sat there sipping at their drinks. Then my father asked, ‘What are you proposing?’
Arbuthnoir replied, ‘A scholarship – that’s what I’m thinking about.’
My father grunted. ‘Whose scholarship? For what?’
‘I’m thinking of a Robert Fuiox Scholarship, administered by the church. It will pay for all of Kerem’s secondary education.’
My father put his hands up, palms forward, in a not-so-fast gesture and asked, ‘You mean that Kerem should train to be a priest?’
‘Not necessarily.’
‘But possibly? Maybe very likely?’
‘No, not necessarily, nor even very likely. These scholarships don’t commit the students to becoming priests – not if they don’t want to.’
My father pulled a wry face and said ironically, ‘The church is suddenly very generous.’ He turned to me and asked, ‘Do you want to be a priest, young one?’
 ‘I don’t know, dada.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘Well, it is true that the church wants to train indigenous priests. Even the bishops’– he chuckled deeply – ‘even the bishops, bless their far-seeing souls – even they see what has to be done in that department. So, yes, it’s true that some people have expectations about the scholarships. But becoming a catechist or a priest isn’t an absolute condition of accepting a scholarship.’ Arbuthnoir leaned even further forward and said earnestly, ‘You may believe it, my friend. I is the truth – no strings attached.’
‘No strings attached? Huh! Is that possible? Not even some pressure to make the young men think about becoming priests?’
Arbuthnoir grunted. ‘Well, I can’t promise that. You know how it is with the church –’ He shrugged broadly and continued, ‘But the scholarship-holders don’t have to make a commitment. I can assure you of that.’
‘Where would Kerem go to school?’
‘Saint Teresa School in Fort Marnay. It’s the best high school run by the church in Keretani.’
‘Fort Marnay! That’s a long way from Totudi.’
‘You would still see him during vacations.’
My father gave a little sigh and said softly, ‘Yes, that is true. But that would only be a few weeks every year.’ He rubbed his chin, looked at me, and asked, ‘Would you like to go to Fort Marnay, young one?’
To tell the truth, right then I didn’t know. Leaving home was a forbidding prospect. But it was also exciting. I replied cautiously, ‘It’s a long way from home, dada.’
‘Think about it, young one. We won’t make you do what you don’t want to do.’
I felt as if I was leaving the fields and footpaths and was about to make my way into the unknown recesses of the forest. My blood raced faster with both apprehension and expectation. The green-dark wall of the forest faced me. There were paths through it – I knew that. But from where I stood, I couldn’t see them and I couldn’t see where they would take me. It was forbidding and it was attractive – hugely attractive. I wanted to approach the green-dark wall, put my arms forward, and open a way into the foliage. I wanted to step into the secret depths of that forest and find out where the paths went. Others had done it, so why shouldn’t I?
I said, ‘Dada, I would like to go to secondary school.’
My father gave a little sigh and a shrug, as if to say, there you are. He said to Arbuthnoir, ‘This is a generous offer.’
Arbuthnoir replied, ‘I’m not saying that Kerem will get a scholarship. I’m only saying that he has a good chance. Of course, I’ll put in a recommendation and that will help.’
My father said, ‘Yes. Thank you, my friend.’ He sighed again and said, ‘It does make a lot of sense.’ He sighed more heavily and said, ‘The world is not what it was.’
‘It never is, my friend.’
‘I mean that things are changing faster than ever. Politics, politics! You see how it is.’ Arbuthnoir nodded. My father went on, ‘This is the time of the white man. It’s the white man’s world. Maybe it’s time that my son learned more about that. How will he get on, if he can’t speak to the white man on his own terms?’
Arbuthnoir still remained silent, leaning forward, listening closely. My father put out a hand towards him, palm upwards and said, ‘You and me, my friend – we live together, as friends do, as friends should. But that isn’t always the case – you know how it is –’ He wrinkled his nose and said, ‘Not so?’
Arbuthnoir said heavily, ‘Yes, I know how it is.’
My father stroked his chin reflectively and said heavily, ‘What is it with the white men, that they are never satisfied? They take land, they take what belongs to others – you heard, up in the northern highlands, only last year they moved people off their land to cut down the trees? – and now, when the people say, "Enough!” they send their soldiers to punish them. Is there no end to it?’
Arbuthnoir said, even more heavily, ‘I only wish there was.’
My father stroked his chin and looked at me for a long time. Finally he said to Arbuthnoir, ‘I’ll talk to Budi about what you said. And, if we agree, I’ll talk to Kerem again.’
When they parted company at the gate of the compound, my father took Arbuthnoir’s hand and held it between both of his. He said, ‘Perhaps it’s time that Kerem moved on to something else. We’ll think about it. ’ He turned away, stopped, and then observed, ‘It’s as I said – the world is not what it was. Not so?’
What my father said was true. Keretani was stirring with sighs and symptoms of unrest. Soon, it would break out into a fever that would sweep the whole country, as people realized that, together, they could mobilize power by exerting their own hands and minds. The Keretani National Front, the KNF, had just been established and was making demands for freedom and independence. However, I didn’t know much about it at the time and nor did most people in the village. We weren’t much affected by these events, up in the quiet, isolated highlands. The colonial authorities largely left the highlands alone. The only white people that we saw regularly were Father Arbuthnoir, Brother George, a few traders, and the Bishop of Fort Marnay when he made his annual visit to the highlands. However, the events caught up with me soon enough. Now, looking back, I can see how the pattern of events was swirling ever nearer to us.
The authorities began to harass the KNF by breaking up meetings and detaining some of its leading members under new security legislation. However, now, for the first time in a long time, people began to fight back. A strike by dock workers was followed by a strike by taxi drivers that brought Fort Marnay to a stand-still for twenty-four hours. A few weeks later, Fort Marnay had a night of darkness when power lines outside the city were sabotaged. Soon after that, a massive explosion completely destroyed a bridge on the main highway between Fort Marnay and the northern regions. All over the country, secondary school scholars staged boycotts of classes in support of the KNF. The authorities responded by promulgating even more laws, and by bringing in more troops and equipment.
I listened closely when my father and Arbuthnoir discussed these events and the authorities’ reactions to them. Arbuthnoir said gloomily, ‘They don’t know how to deal with what’s happening. They’re just stoking the fire.’
My father was sitting with his head down, running a finger lightly over the edge of a chisel. He said, ‘This thing will spread – that’s for certain.’
Arbuthnoir said even more gloomily, ‘You’re right. It’s spreading fast. Just last week half of the schools in the southern provinces were out on boycott.’
My father added, ‘The young people are eager for it. It’s fire in their blood. To them, it’s a great adventure.’
‘The blood of the martyrs…’ Arbuthnoir said it reflectively. His voice trailed off. There was another long silence.
My father dropped his head even more, so that it looked as if he was searching the ground under his nose for something that he had lost. He traced a pattern in the earth with his chisel and said soberly, ‘If this goes on much longer – head to head, no compromise – soon the people will respond in the same ways as the governor and his generals. Soon the ways of violence will be called noble and patriotic. This is how it always is, not so?’
Arbuthnoir was listening closely, stroking his beard as if he was trying to straighten invisible kinks. Without lifting his head he said, ‘It’s a grim dance.’
‘Yes, my friend. That’s a good word – grim.’ My father pronounced the word carefully. ‘Grim! Yes! And the dancers are whirling faster and faster.’ Arbuthnoir just nodded somberly.
I broke in, asking, ‘Why are they going over the border, dada?’
‘Hmm? What’s that?’
‘I heard that some school children are leaving Keretani. They’re going over the northern border.’
Arbuthnoir said, gently, ‘You will understand soon enough.’
‘But how do they –?’ My father interrupted me by putting up his hand but I said, ‘A son shouldn’t leave his family and his compound, not like that. It’s not right.’
 My father reached over and rubbed my head, saying, ‘You have good instincts, my son. I’m proud of you.’
Nozam and I were the top performers in the final-year class and we were both offered scholarships to attend Saint Teresa School in Fort Marnay. Much later, Arbuthnoir told me that Brother George and Miss Renkula tried to stop me getting a scholarship. However, Arbuthnoir got wind of what they were up to and wrote a letter to his old acquaintance, the secretary of the Bishop of Fort Marnay. That clinched the matter in my favour. Arbuthnoir also said that Nozam shouldn’t have been awarded a scholarship, because his father was so rich that he could easily afford the cost of sending his son to Saint Teresa School. But Goklola had used his influence and, as Arbuthnoir said, that was that.
Just after we got the news, Nozam joined me as I was walking home after school. Nozam said brightly, ‘Congratulations, Kerem. You deserve the scholarship.’
I was caught off guard by this unexpected display of bonhomie so I replied, ‘Uh – thank you, Nozam. You – uh – deserve it too.’
We walked together for a few paces before Nozam said, ‘Competition is a good thing.’
I didn’t know what he was up to so I said guardedly, ‘Yes, I suppose it is.’ To tell the truth, I didn’t want to have anything to do with Nozam and I wished that he would go away and leave me alone.
Nozam cuffed me lightly on a shoulder and said cheerfully, ‘You and me, my friend – we’ll be going to secondary school together.’
‘Yes. That’s right.’
‘Are you looking forward to it?’ 
‘I guess I am.’
 Nozam said, ‘Me too.’ We walked together down the bush path, swinging our bags. Then Nozam said, ‘It’s a big opportunity.’
‘Yes, it is.’
‘Fort Marnay is a big place. Not like Totudi.’
‘I wouldn’t know. I haven’t ever been there.’
Nozam nudged me and said brightly, ‘It’s not like Totudi. There’s plenty to do there. Plenty of girls, for one thing.’
I thought, ‘So what?’ However, I replied, ‘Oh, yes – girls. That’s right.’ I really wished that Nozam would go away.
‘Ha! Don’t tell me you’ve just thought about it for the first time, my friend?’ Nozam laughed, swinging his bag exuberantly. ‘Those girls in Fort Marnay – they aren’t like the girls here in the village. No ways! They’re up-to-date, man. They don’t dress bush, like the girls here. They know all about fashion and how to dress smart and sexy.’
‘Smart and sexy – you mean like Miss Renkula?’
Nozam gave me a keen look. Then he grinned and clapped me on a shoulder again, saying, ‘Ha, Kerem, you’re teasing, hey?’
‘Teasing? No, I’m serious. Miss Renkula is just fine. She’s been to Fort Marnay. She’s up-to-date, she knows what’s modern. She’s very smart. Don’t you think so?’
Nozam gave me another keen glance, swallowed, and then replied, ‘Ah – yes. I see what you mean.’ Happily, I thought that I had silenced him at last.
When we came to the place where jour paths parted, Nozam swung around to face me and said, ‘Kerem – what I said about competition –’
‘Yes? What about it?’
‘We’re age group mates, Kerem.’
‘Yes?’
‘We have to stick together.’
‘Yes. I guess that’s right.’
Nozam looked around as if he thought that someone might be eavesdropping. He leaned closer and said, ‘Competition is good. It makes people work harder. It stops them from being lazy.’ He paused as if expecting a response. I didn’t know what he was getting at, so I just nodded. Nozam continued, ‘Those people down at the coast, those people in Fort Marnay, they think that we are backward and primitive. They think that we’re all bush, up here in the highlands.’
I thought I was getting an inkling of what he was getting at, but I wasn’t sure so I replied non-commitedly, ‘I guess you’re right. I haven’t thought about it.’
Still leaning forward confidentially, Nozam said, ‘So, maybe what we have to do – you know – maybe when it comes to competition –’ He leaned even closer and said, ‘I’m not saying it’s not good, but –’ He stopped uncertainly, looked at me as if to see how I was receiving what he was saying, and then continued, ‘The main thing is, age group mates have to stick together, they have to help each other, and give each other support.’
‘That’s true.’
‘Good. Then you see it my way.’
I looked Nozam in the eyes and asked, ‘Nozam, why are you telling me this?’
Nozam held my glance for a moment before he looked down, and, shuffling his feet, muttered, ‘We don’t want them to laugh at us, those people in Fort Marnay.’
‘You think that they will? Why?’
‘Maybe they will! Who knows? Maybe they we will think that we are bush, primitive, tribalistic – you know, all that stuff.’
I said, ‘Don’t worry. We’ll be all right.’
‘You think so?’
‘I do.’ Actually, I didn’t know one way or the other and I didn’t care as long as my answer got rid of Nozam. It did. He left me then, taking the bush path that led to his home compound on the hillside.
That was where the conversation ended. I still wasn’t sure that I knew what Nozam wanted.
At the end of the year, the school arranged a farewell ceremony for Nozam and me. It was the first time that anyone from Totudi had got a scholarship – and, to cap it, not one scholarship, but two. It was the biggest celebration since the chief married his fifth wife about a year earlier.
For me, that marked the end of Miss Renkula’s lectures on being modern and up-to-date, the end of baleful Brother George, the end of attending a crammed, two-roomed, village school house – and the beginning of the loosening of my ties with home and Totudi, as I moved into the greater, wider, more promising, but also more dangerous world beyond.

FIVE: THE STRUGGLE IS FOR EVERYONE

Saint Teresa Secondary School in Fort Marnay was large and well established, constructed in imitation Gothic style around a central, double-storey building with gables and a clock tower.Even now when I wake up in the quiet hours of the night, I find myself waiting instinctively for the sound of the clock striking the quarter hours.
On Wednesday afternoons all the scholars had to undertake various tasks, such as gardening, tidying the grounds, and maintaining the buildings. In the main square, scholars worked under the supervision of Mr. Renarte, the school principal. Most of my fellows didn’t like being selected for work in the square because it put them too close to the centre of authority, too far away from the peripheries where they could idle away the time or sneak off for a smoke. But I didn’t mind. I thought that Mr. Renarte was an interesting person, with his unseasonable tweeds, his gardening gloves and pruning shears, his wispy hair and his florid complexion.
Mr. Renarte’s passion was gardening, and growing roses was the pinnacle of his passion. He told me, ‘You know, Kerem, roses are the most civilized of all flowers. That’s why I like to cultivate them.’ We were down on our knees leaning over a rose bed and Mr. Renarte was showing me how to apply fertilizer to the roots of the rose bushes. ‘Careful now, not too much!’ Mr. Renarte leaned back, putting his hands onto his knees. He surveyed the rose bed, settled his hat more firmly on his head and said, ‘Civilization doesn’t just happen by chance, you know. And, quite frankly, it doesn’t flourish just by chance, either. It’s just like these rose bushes. Hand me the watering can, will you?’ I gave it to him. Carefully, he tilted the can toward the base of a bush and watched in satisfaction as the stream of water and fertilizer began to spread and settle around the mush. ‘Just the right mixture, and just the right amount, at the right times – that’s the way to do it, you know.’
Dutifully, I said, ‘Yes, sir.’
Mr. Renarte continued, ‘You wouldn’t believe how thirsty roses are. A plant needs about twenty litres of water a week in the summer months, you know. That’s a lot of water, isn’t it?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Give them the right amount of water, and they’ll develop deep root systems. Just like human beings, not so? If you don’t give them enough water, they’ll burn up in the summer and they’ll shrivel away in the winter.’ Mr. Renarte shifted the can towards another bush. ‘Fertilizer is absolutely essential for roses, you know. Absolutely essential! They like it, and plenty of it. It’s especially important when the leaves first start to break out.’ He scratched his nose and looked at me. Then he asked, ‘Do you know about the dangers of nitrogen?’
‘No, sir, I don’t.’
‘Never give roses nitrogen when it’s close to winter. Do you know why?’
‘No, sir, I don’t.’
‘It encourages new growth, you know, and the winter cold will very likely kill that, especially if there’s frost.’
‘Frost here in Fort Marnay, sir?’
Mr. Renarte gave me a quick look, sniffed, blew his nose, and said, ‘Well, you never can tell. I hear that there was frost about twenty years ago. One can’t take chances – quite frankly, that’s my motto.’
‘We have frost every year in the highlands, sir.’
Mr. Renarte sniffed again. ‘Yes, I’m sure you do. I’m sure you do. Anyway, as I was saying roses are the most civilized of flowers, you know. That’s why they need the right conditions, the right amount of care, and plenty of it. And that’s why they’re so susceptible to diseases. Did you know that about roses, Kerem?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Well, it’s a fact. Black spot is the worst. When that happens, you might as well throw the bush away and start again. You can contain it but you never can cure it, you know.’ Mr. Renarte leaned back and looked at me. He mopped his brow and asked, ‘Do you have a lot of diseases in your home region?’
‘Well, sir, I don’t know. I suppose we have just the normal amount, sir.’
Mr. Renarte tugged at a glove and shifted his position before he said, ‘The tropics aren’t good for us Europeans, you know. Malaria, typhoid, dysentery – there’s no end to the diseases that we can contract in these unhealthy regions. If it wasn’t that we had an obligation to cultivate civilization in these parts –’ Mr. Renarte broke off, rubbed an ear, and shook his head. Then he asked, ‘Are your people grateful for what we’re doing for them, Kerem?’
This was difficult. I replied, ‘We are surely very grateful for Saint Teresa School, sir. That is why I am here.’
Mr. Renarte sniffed again, looked at me closely, pursed his lips, and said, ‘Speaking quite frankly, Saint Teresa School is like a rose in this benighted land. It has to be cultivated, cared for, and watched over. It has to be protected from all the unruly influences that would break it down and corrupt it. The barbarians are always at the gate, you know. That’s the story of civilization everywhere – always the barbarians at the gate.’ Mr. Renarte waved the pruning shears in my direction and said firmly, ‘Cultivate, nurture , protect – that’s our mission here, me, my wife, and the other members of staff as well.’
I said, ‘Yes, sir.’
Stone walls, clock tower, central square, symmetrically arranged lawns and flower beds, two-storey hostels with their iron-work and wooden shutters – Saint Teresa School was a solid and orderly place. However, what impressed me most was the boys’dining room which I never entered without a sense of unease. The dining room was cavernous, with heavy rafters, leaded windows with heavy wooden frames, and dark, paneled walls. I felt that you could have put in as much light as you wanted – arc lights, floodlights, or anything else – and it wouldn’t have made any difference to the gloomy atmosphere.
The main table was raised on a small platform, and above it was a large oil painting of Robert Fuiox (pronounced ‘Foo– ah’, as we learned on our first day there). He was the patron of the school, and his family had donated the land as well as the money for the first buildings. A plaque explained that Robert Fuiox’s grandfather had been a colonel in the expeditionary force that had conquered the lowland and coastal areas. As a reward for his military services, the colonel was granted a large piece of land near Fort Marnay. Robert Fuiox’s father doubled the size of the estate during his lifetime. Now the Fuiox family was one of the wealthiest in Keretani. Generous and public-spirited as they were, every year, five per cent of the after-tax profits of the family’s businesses were paid into the Fuiox Trust Fund which provided scholarships for needy and deserving students from good African Christian families.
Robert Fuiox had died ten years earlier. Now his painting looked down on boys like me, whose studies were paid for by his legacy. The figure in the painting was wearing a dark, double-breasted suit, with a striped sash draped across it. It was the Royal Award for Service to the Colonies, Class One. The only light-coloured part of the painting was Robert Fuiox’s pale face and bald head, with its tufts of ginger hair above the ears. The face had a petulant expression, suggesting that he deserved better than this. But the eyes glinted, as if Robert Fuiox could yet burst out of the one-dimensional bonds of the painting.
During my first meal in the dining hall, the boy next to me said furtively, ‘The eyes – they follow you everywhere.’
‘Which eyes?’
‘The eyes in that painting. Don’t you see that they do?’
‘Perhaps I’m looking at it from the wrong angle.’
The boy slurped noisily at his soup and then asked, ‘Are you a scholarship boy?’ I nodded. The boy pointed his spoon at the painting and whispered, ‘Then those eyes follow you everywhere. Everyone knows that. You mark my words – it doesn’t matter whether you see it or not – they follow you for sure.’
The scholars attending Saint Teresa School came from all over Keretani. It was the best secondary school for Africans and one of only three such schools in the whole country. Graduates were assured of employment and good career prospects, whether in the church, in the lower administrative and management ranks of the civil service, or in private companies. The top scholars might even secure the greatest prize of all, namely a scholarship to a university in Europe.
A few days before I traveled to Fort Marnay to start my studies, Father Arbuthnoir said to me, with some amusement, ‘It looks like the graduates of Saint Teresa School are finding another career path for themselves. Do you know what that is?’
‘No father, I don’t.’
‘They’re becoming politicians. Most of the leading figures in the KNF attended Saint Teresa School.’ Hearing this, my father gave a short laugh, both amused and sceptical. Arbuthnoir continued, ‘I’ve heard that the governor has met with the school council to discuss the situation. The council is putting pressure on the school management to nip these tendencies in the bud.’
My father asked, ‘How will they do that, my friend?’
Arbuthnoir shrugged. ‘It’s all very predictable: they’ll try to get the scholars to appreciate that they only enjoy benefits and privileges because of the generosity of the government and its supporters. They’ll start to open up more positions for Africans in the civil service. They’ll reward loyalty and political obedience.’
My father looked at Arbuthnoir sceptically and asked, ‘Do they really think that they’ll succeed.’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘Those are the carrots. But they also have a few big sticks in their hands.’
I asked, ‘Sticks, sir?’
Arbuthnoir’s eyes clouded and he said, ‘Pray you don’t ever experience them first-hand, youngster.’
My father said, ‘Young man, my advice to you is to concentrate on your studies. Leave the rest of it until later. Get yourself a good education and then you can decide what you want to do with the rest of your life. Do you hear me?’
‘Yes, dada, I do.’
‘Do you hear me loud and clear?’
 ‘Yes, dada, I do.’
‘Good. Remember what I said.’
No one spoke for a while. Then Arbuthnoir said, ‘The school management is under  a lot of pressure. The trustees of the Fuiox Trust Fund have even suggested that they could withdraw their support from the school.’
‘Would they do that?’ My father frowned and looked at me, as if trying to take the measure of my future.
Arbuthnoir shrugged. ‘Probably not. But they say that if Saint Teresa School can’t produce useful and obedient graduates – well, then, perhaps they really will consider directing their financial support elsewhere.’
My father said, ‘Young man, I can’t live your life for you. But I’m giving you some important advice – be careful.’
Arbuthnoir nodded in agreement. Then, with a half-humorous twist to his mouth he said, ‘The world is not what it was, my friend.’
Arbuthnoir had heard correctly. The school was under pressure to keep its students under tight control. At the first school assembly of the year, Mr. Renarte said, ‘Saint Teresa School is an educational institution. There is no room for agitators and politics. Quite frankly, I must warm you very strongly against participating in these activities. The school council has made it clear that anyone guilty of taking part in political activities will be dismissed immediately. Immediately! There will be no second chance.’
At every school assembly after that, Mr. Renarte delivered a homily on good citizenship. One of his favourite Biblical texts was the first part of Romans chapter thirteen: ‘Everyone must submit himself to the governing authorities, for there is no authority except that which God has established. The authorities that exist have been established by God. Consequently, he who rebels against authority is rebelling against what God has instituted, and those who do so will bring judgement on themselves. For rulers hold no terror for those who do right, but for those who do wrong.’
Mr. Renarte also found the First Letter of Peter useful. He would read chapter two, verses thirteen to eighteen: ‘Submit yourself for the Lord’s sake to every authority instituted among men: whether to the king, as supreme authority, or to governors, who are sent by him to punish those who do wrong and to commend those who do right… Slaves, submit yourselves to your masters with all respect, not only to those who are good and considerate, but to those who are harsh.’
At first, I wasn’t much concerned about issues such as nationalism, colonialism, and liberation. There were plenty of other things that took my attention. Fort Marnay itself attracted me, even while I was bewildered by its careless maelstrom. With its three hundred thousand inhabitants, it was bigger and more complex than anything that I had ever imagined. Before I saw Fort Marnay, I though that Post Sebastian was a great place Now I realised that Post Sebastian was nothing but a straggling main street, a few dusty, tree-lined side streets with solid suburban bungalows, and an outlying sprawl of pathetic shacks. Suddenly, my horizon had widened hugely.
Fort Marnay was a place of high buildings, streets filled with motor vehicles, shady parks and squares, and leafy suburbs where the colonial elite lived. Beyond the city centre and the suburbs there were hillsides covered with little mass-produced houses for the artisans and the semi-professional classes, where corn grew in front yards and chickens scurried about, clucking and ducking through tumble-down fences. Even further from the centre, away from the sea, were the sprawling settlements where people lived in shacks that were cobbled together from sheet iron, cardboard, battered wooden boards, hand-made mud bricks, and concrete blocks. 
There were restaurants, bars and sidewalk cafes in the city centre, where Africans could enjoy refreshments at tables especially reserved for them. There were also hundreds of shebeens in the townships and slums, selling local brews as well as European liquor at cut-rate prices. They also offered vibrant piped music – sometimes the bigger shebeens had live bands – together with easy hospitality and even easier friendships. My fellow scholars taught me how to fit in with the city’s street-wise ways. And many of my fellows, especially the older ones, also knew the shebeens and clubs of the townships and slums just as well, even although they were strictly out of bounds.
About two weeks after the beginning of the school year, Nozam and I were sitting at an outdoor table at a downtown restaurant. I was nursing a bruised and swollen cheek, the result of a fight in the dormitory that began when I accidentally stumbled over a metal trunk lying on the floor. I rubbed my shin, shifted the trunk back into place, and said, ‘Sorry!’
The owner got off his bed and examined it. He said truculently, ‘You dented my trunk.’
I examined the trunk. It was so old and battered that it was impossible to say whether I had inflicted any further damage on it so I said, ‘I don’t think so.’
The boy move around and stood right in front of me. He growled, ‘Are you trying to pick a fight?’ I didn’t know what to say. I just shook my head. The boy struck his face against mine, saying, ‘You are nothing but a primitive bush boy from the highlands.’ I was surprised rather than angry. I still didn’t know what to say. Suddenly he moved forward, grabbed me by the front of my shirt, and head-butted me. Fortunately he missed my nose and struck my forehead. But it was painful enough. I tried to push him off. Now his friend joined in, taking a few swings at my unprotected chin. I backed against my bed, reached down, and picked up my empty trunk. Holding it in front of me, I used it as a shield against my assailants.
The other boys in the dormitory were shouting in excitement: ‘Fight! Fight!’
Someone shouted, ‘Come on, Kerem, hit him back!’
Nozam tried to come between my assailants and me but one of them shoved him backwards and he over-balanced and barked his shin on a corner of the trunk. Nozam sat down heavily, rubbing his shin and shouting in pain. I didn’t have time to pay attention to his woes because I had already been struck on a cheek while my left ear was ringing with pain. I was trying to dodge the blows by thrusting the unwieldy trunk in front of me. One of the boys took a round-arm swing at me and I fended him off with the trunk. His fist smashed against the lid and he backed off, howling with pain and clutching his hand. The other boy tried to grab the trunk and I move forward, pinning him between the trunk and the wall. It was a stalemate, with the two of us glaring at each other, separated by the trunk.
Nozam hobbled to the door and shouted, ‘Prefect! Prefect! They’re fighting!’At this, one of the school prefects appeared. He strode down the middle of the dormitory, pushed us aside so forcefully that I sprawled backward onto the bed, and growled, ‘That’s enough! One more sound out of any of you, and you’ll all be on report. Do you hear me?’
‘But–’
‘Shut up! I said not one more word, and I meant not one more word.’ He turned and strode out of the room.
Nozam tried to intercept him, saying, ‘But Sotilike, you don’t understand.’
The prefect growled impatiently, ‘Didn’t you hear me? Are you deaf, or what?’
Nozam persisted, saying, ‘It wasn’t Kerem’s fault. He was just–’
The prefect just grunted and swept him aside. At the door, he pointed at my assailants and me and said, ‘I’ll see you all after dinner. You’d better behave yourselves until then.’
With this threat hanging over us, we retired to our respective parts of the dormitory, glaring at each other.
Now, two days later, Nozam and I sat at the restaurant table waiting to be served and watching the passing scene. I rubbed my cheek and grinned ruefully at Nozam, who frowned and looked away. I said, ‘It’s a long way from Totudi, isn’t it?’
Nozam nodded distantly. Then he looked at my swollen cheek and said, ‘They called you primitive and bush.’
‘So what?’
Nozam frowned and continued, ‘It’s what I warned you about.’
‘Did you?’
Nozam’s eyes narrowed. He growled, ‘Don’t play the fool, man! You remember well enough! Back home in Totudi, I told you that’s what the people down here would call us.’ He looked as if he was going to say something more, then jerked his head away and looked at the street scene. There was an awkward silence. Nozam tapped his fingers on the table before he said forcefully, ‘It should not happen again.’
Rubbing my cheek, I replied, ‘I hope not.’
Nozam looked at me fiercely and repeated, ‘I said, it should not happen again.’
‘Hey, Nozam, you’re blaming me for what happened, aren’t you? Why me? I knocked against someone’s trunk – that’s all I did. If you want to blame someone, blame them. They started it. They insulted me!’ I was angry, and I wanted Nozam to know it. I continued, ‘Don’t blame me! You hear – don’t blame me!’ Nozam’s eyes narrowed again and he clucked his tongue in disapproval. That made me even angrier. I said, ‘Okay, Nozam, I can see that we won’t ever agree on this. Let’s leave it there.’ Even as I said it, I knew that it wouldn’t stay there. I knew that Nozam wouldn’t allow it to rest. He had a Renkula-like obsession with not being thought to be ‘bush’, with appearing to be modern and sophisticated.
I looked around, wondering why we weren’t being served. Instead of service, all I could see was two waiters who were standing nearby, holding a whispered conversation and looking at us uncertainly. When I beckoned, they dropped their eyes and conferred some more. Then one of them came forward and said pleadingly, ‘Please, you must move.’
‘Move to where?’
‘You must move over there.’ He pointed to some tables that were out in the sun on the sidewalk.
I said, ‘But we like it here.’
The man looked at me curiously before he whistled incredulously and said, ‘Are you stupid boys, or what? These tables are for white people only. You cannot sit at tables for white people.’
Nozam pushed back his chair and said, ‘Okay, we’ll move.’ However, I put a hand on his forearm, pinning it down. I said to the waiter, ‘You’re saying that we must move and sit in the sun?’ The waiter’s eyes flickered uneasily as he said. ‘I am saying that you must not sit at tables for white people. It is the law that says it, not me.’
Nozam said quickly, ‘Come on, Kerem, it’s the law. Stop making a fuss.’
If I had not been so angry with Nozam, would I have been as obdurate as I was? I don’t know. Whatever the case, I ignored Nozam and asked the waiter, ‘Is our money not as good as white people’s money, or what?’
 The waiter dropped his voice and said pleadingly, ‘Your money is good, but it is not me who makes the law.’
Just then the owner burst out of the door of the restaurant, bellowing with rage. He was a large man, barrel-chested and barrel-stomached, pink-complexioned, with a shaven head and a bushy moustache. Yanking Nozam’s chair so that he staggered against a neighbouring table for support, the man shouted, ‘Get out! Get out! I know your sort, you trouble making black rubbish.’
I stood up to face him. I knew that he could have demolished me with one blow – or, alternatively, he could have pressed the air out of me with one bear hug – but my blood and my pride were roused. I said. ‘Sir, we are your customers. Please treat us properly.’
In response, he yelled, ‘I’ll treat you properly, you damnable black bastard!’ While shouting this, he shoved me in my chest so that I hurtled backwards and fell over a chair. Then, as I tried to get up, he kicked at my shin. Fortunately it didn’t hurt much because his foot struck the leg of a table as he lashed at me. The pain didn’t improve his mood and he advanced on me, eyes bulging and with his face aflame with rage.
Nozam got between the man and me and shouted, ‘Sir! No more, sir! We are going!’
The man stopped, eyed Nozam, flexed his arms, and then seized him by the shoulders. He roared, ‘Get out, you piece of black shit!’ At the same time, he propelled Nozam towards the sidewalk.
By now, I was aflame with anger and indignation. I yelled, ‘We are human beings! Don’t treat us like dogs!’ Leaving Nozam, the man turned and struck me across the cheek with the flat of his hand. Now I was inflamed beyond reason. I picked up a chair, swung it, and threw it through the large window that fronted the restaurant. The whole pane shattered and collapsed into the restaurant. Then I pulled at the nearest tablecloth. Cutlery clattered and glasses and crockery shattered on the floor. The man turned, took a long look at the damage, and then passed a hand over his forehead as if he was witnessing the unthinkable.
Astounded at what I had done, I just stood there looking at the results of my deeds. All action was suspended for a few seconds. Then the man roared and rushed forward, hands outstretched as if he was going to throttle me. Energised by rage, beyond fear of the consequences, I grabbed a chair and swung it into his stomach. He yelled and fell down, hitting the paved floor with a thud. Seizing the space that this offered us, Nozam grabbed me and hissed, ‘Kerem, man, let’s go!’ I was in a daze of anger and passion as Nozam led me onto the sidewalk. From there, we looked back over our shoulders. The man staggered to his feet, yelling at the waiters to bring us back. The waiters didn’t seem to know what to do, but when one of them started to move towards us, Nozam pulled at my arm and hissed, ‘Let’s go!’
We ran. Suddenly my anger turned to apprehension. Now I knew that I had violated more than just some property and a man’s pride. I had trampled so far over certain boundaries that I would be dealt with savagely if they caught me. As we ran, I hardly thought about these things in a logical way. I knew them instinctively, and I fled as if scores of barrel-chested, barrel-stomached men were at my heels, ablaze with hatred, screaming ‘Black bastards’ and lusting for my blood. We rushed down an alleyway, ran down another boulevard, and caught the nearest taxi to the furthest destination on the route. From there, we walked for about ten minutes and then took a taxi to a neighbouring township. Finally, we took a third taxi. It dropped us behind the school and we scrambled over the fence and slipped into our dormitory.
By now, Nozam was spitting angry. He accused me of being a thoughtless fool who had endangered not only our lives but also our futures. Now that we were safe – for the moment anyway – my anger returned. I told Nozam that he was just a pathetic doormat who would allow any small-minded bigot to walk over and flatten him. We argued for a while until I suddenly asked him, ‘Why did you stay to help me?’
‘Help you? What do you mean?’
‘I mean that you could have got out of there on your own. You stopped to help me.’
Nozam replied, ‘Well, you’re such a damn fool that I couldn’t just leave you alone.’
I responded, ‘I think there’s another reason.’
‘What might that be?’
‘I think that you were also angry. You wanted that fat-pig racist to know how you felt.’
Nozam looked at me quickly before he dropped his eyes and muttered, ‘Separate tables for white people and black people? It’s the law, isn’t it?’
I said, ‘The law is wrong. We are all human beings.’
In response, Nozam just grunted. Then he lay back on his bed, stretched, and said, ‘I’m tired. I want to have a sleep.’ He turned his back to me.
As my passion cooled, I began to feel apprehensive that we would be traced and, amongst other consequences, would be expelled from Saint Teresa School. However, there were no repercussions. We weren’t wearing school uniforms, so there was no way in which we could be traced. Nevertheless, for a long time after that, I didn’t go anywhere near that part of town.
After the incident, Nozam’s attitude towards me cooled. Perhaps he really did think that I was a hot-headed fool who had endangered his future. Perhaps he was looking at me with new and apprehensive eyes, after my spell of destructive retaliation in the restaurant. On the other hand, sometimes I thought that the main reason for his reserve towards me was that I had challenged him to recognize his own potential for resistance to injustice. I remembered the look of acknowledgement in his eyes, before he turned away, stretched out, and closed his eyes. I thought, yes, that’s it. Nozam is avoiding me so that he won’t be challenged any more.
It was the first time that Nozam had ever really been challenged on the issue – directly, personally challenged – and it was the first of many doors that he shut on the matter.
What did I feel about the incident? On the one hand, I was scared that I might be found out. I knew that if they caught me, they would make an example of me by parading me through the legal system. The colonial media certainly stoked the fires: the next day, the ‘Daily News’ blazoned the headline ‘Agitators Attack Restaurant’ while the ‘Evening Courant’ of the same day reported the incident under the headline ‘Injured in Self-defence, Says Resolute Restaurant Owner.’
It was clear that if they caught me, it would mean ‘prosecution to the full extent of the law’ (as an editorial in one of the newspapers demanded) as well as the end of my career at Saint Teresa School. It was not a pleasant prospect.
On the other hand, I was angry. I was angry that I had been pushed around and humiliated. I was angry that a fellow human being felt so justified by the law and by his skin colour that he could abuse us worse than animals. More than that, I was angry at the injustice that gave rise to the situation. Not for the first time, I reflected on the connection between comfortable, leafy suburbs on the one hand and, on the other hand, sprawling shanty townships, separate tables at restaurants, and white men who descended on you in fury, feeling free to swear, punch and kick at you. I also thought about the death of my grandfather, beaten and killed by soldiers who raided and burned our village.
Above all, I was both scared and elated by my own actions. I was scared because I had never done anything like that before. I had never lashed out at anything or anybody with such violence. I was scared because of the blind, red rage that had overcome me, sweeping away my reason. In my rage and passion, I could have done a hundred times more damage and inflicted a hundred more injuries if Nozam had not pulled me away. The emotion had been so powerful, and my urge to destroy had been so compelling, that at times I almost wanted to erase the whole thing from my memory. Sometimes it seemed to me that it had been someone else who had stood up to that raging restaurant owner, threw a chair through his window, broke his crockery and glassware, and cracked him across his shin. Sometimes it seemed to me that it had been some other person, perhaps some shadow of my real self, who had done those things.
Yet I was also proud of myself – proud that I hadn’t taken the indignities lying down and proud that I had lashed out at injustice. I thought, ‘I’d like to write my own newspaper headlines about my actions.’ What would I write? Maybe I would write, ‘Schoolboy Stands up To Be Counted.’ Or maybe my headline would read, ‘Kerem Strikes Blow against Injustice.’ Looking at those smugly one-sided headlines in the colonial press, I raged inwardly at the dissimulating bigots who called themselves journalists and newspaper editors. I wanted to get hold of them, shake their lies and bigotry out of them, and force them to write the truth. I thought, one day it will be different. Yes, it will be different, and I want to contribute to making it different. ‘Schoolboy Overthrows Injustice?’ Why not? It had to start somewhere, not so?
Politics started to come between Nozam and me in other ways as well. We were always being told that we were the leaders of the future. But, after hearing it said for countless times, I started to ask myself: ‘Leaders for what? Leaders for the old Keretani, the one we knew, the one we lived with, or leaders for something new and still to be created?’ 
However, Nozam had no questions about the issue. He bought into the ‘leaders of the future’ line like a dog gobbling up a piece of juicy meat. He would say to me, ‘We’ve just got to keep focused, man. How many guys with school-leaving qualifications do you think there are? There aren’t more that a few thousand for a country of six million people. And when we leave school, we can get more qualifications. We’re the leaders of the future. Keretani needs us.’
I used to think to myself, ‘Sure, it’s okay for Nozam to talk. He’s got a wealthy father to back him up. For him, there’s a featherbed future, as far as anyone can foretell the future. Nozam’s father can buy him just about any future he wants. But what about the rest of us, the ones that come out of compounds and shanties, the ones who go back home to work in the fields during the school vacations, the ones whose families can’t even afford the price of a school uniform? What about us? Where is our future going to be? What is it going to be?’
For a while, I didn’t say anything. I kept my thoughts to myself so as not to cause an argument. However, one day when Nozam was pontificating about leaders of the future, I asked him straight out. ‘Leaders for what, Nozam?’
That stopped him. He gave me a startled look and mumbled, ‘What do you mean?’
I said, ‘Maybe the future isn’t so clear. Have you thought about that?’
Nozam got a hold of himself. His lip curled and he replied, ‘Politics! Politics! You’re getting to be like the rest of them.’
‘The rest of whom?’
Nozam waved a hand around and retorted, ‘Half the guys at school. That’s who I mean.’
I tried a different approach and asked, ‘Do you reckon that the future is just going to take care of itself?’
Nozam looked at me warily before he said, ‘That’s not for us to say.’
‘So we’re going to be leaders in a future that’s just going to happen without us – or maybe in spite of us? Is that what you’re saying, Nozam?’
‘Don’t get clever with me, Kerem!’
I said heatedly, ‘If we’re going to be leaders of the future, maybe we’d better start doing something about the future right now. Call it politics if you like, man – but that’s what I think.’ Nozam was still looking at me warily as I continued, ‘If we’re going to live in the future, maybe we should be doing something to shape it. What do you think?’ Nozam just snorted dismissively, as I knew he would. I said, ‘I know what I think and you know what I think.’
Nozam gave me the same wary look and replied, ‘You’d better be careful!’ He walked away. That was how he ended a lot of our disagreements.
About half way through my first year at the school, I was working in the main square on a Wednesday afternoon when I heard someone say, ‘Working hard, my friend?’ I looked up. It was Lokusi, an older boy who was well known as one of the school’s soccer stars. Still bent over my work, I replied, ‘The ground is soft. It’s no problem.’
As Lokusi bent down and gathered up a pile of old roots, he whispered, ‘You’re from the highlands, comrade, not so?’
The word ‘comrade’ alerted me. I glanced around. There was no one nearby. I replied cautiously, ‘That right.’
Lokusi put the roots into a wheelbarrow, straightened and asked, ‘From Totudi?’ Still cautious, I said, ‘That’s right.’
‘Are the people up there politically conscious, comrade?’
I glanced around again and thought quickly before I replied, ‘It depends what you mean.’
He grunted. ‘The struggle is for everyone. We all have to make a contribution.’
I responded non-committally, ‘That’s what they say.’ I looked across the square. Mr. Renarte was staring at us, his hands on his hips. I flicked my head in his direction and Lokusi said, ‘We must talk more about these things, comrade.’ He walked away, pushing the wheelbarrow.
That evening, Nozam asked me what Lokusi had been talking to me about. I think that he was jealous that one of the school’s best sportsmen should stop to talk to me. I told Nozam what Lokusi had said and he sat back, chewed his bottom lip, and said, ‘Lokusi? Can he be trusted?’
‘You mean he’s a spy?’
Nozam frowned, chewed on his lip some more, and said, ‘Maybe. Some people say that he is.’
‘But his brother is a political prisoner. He’s a member of the KNF.’
Nozam’s eyes narrowed and he replied, ‘That’s right.’
‘Well, shouldn’t that show that Lokusi is all right?’
Nozam leaned towards me and said in a low voice, ‘What if that’s what they want you to think?’
‘You mean maybe it’s a trap?’ Nozam nodded. I thought again. This was a confusing business. Things were not what they seemed. I said, ‘I’ll have to think about it.’
Nozam took my arm and led me into a corner. There he said, ‘This is a dangerous business. There are enemies everywhere.’ How to respond? I just grunted. Nozam continued, ‘We must be careful. And there’s something else–’
‘Yes? What?’
‘These people, the ones who think that we’re primitive people from the highlands – they think that we don’t know what’s going on. They think that we’re ignorant. They’ll try to use us for their own purposes.’ Again, I just grunted. Nozam said with finality. ‘I’m warning you, Kerem. We must be careful.’
That night, lying in my bed, I thought about Lokusi’s words: ‘The struggle is for everyone.’ I wondered how to respond. For everyone? Even for a school boy? What would my parents advise? And Arbuthnoir? Incongruously, I even thought about Miss Renkula. What would she say about all of this? Would she think that it was backward and primitive, or would she embrace it as the way of the future? Lying in my bed in the warm night, my home in Totudi felt very far away – and the distance felt much greater than a mere seven hundred kilometers. The world seemed like the photograph of an iceberg that I had seen in a magazine: large and menacing, and all the more dangerous because most of it remained below the surface, unseen and undefined. Perhaps Nozam gave good advice when he said, ‘Be careful!’
I thought, ‘Schoolboy Overthrows Injustice?’ Why not? But how about, ‘Schoolboy Lured Into Security Police Net’? Yes, how about that? How to react? Which way to go?
Not long after that, Lokusi was found lying on the grass in the centre of the main square early one morning. He was bound and gagged, but otherwise unharmed. Pinned to his chest was a notice that said ‘Informer! Spy!’ Mr. Renarte called the police and Lokusi told them that he had been standing outside the dormitory just before lights-out when he was seized from behind and trussed up. At least three people were involved. Lokusi said that he thought they were fellow scholars, but he couldn’t say for sure. The notice was compiled from words cut from old newspapers, so there were no clues.
Nozam said, ‘You see? I told you so.’
A rumour began to spread that the attack on Lokusi was connected with something that had happened about five days earlier, involving Nenkoseni, a school prefect who was in the same class as Lokusi. Nenkoseni had been drinking in a shebeen on a Saturday night when the police raided it and found him carrying a pamphlet issued by an organization called ‘The Black Reverends’ Association.’ The pamphlet told the story of Moses and the Children of Israel and described how they had been delivered from the oppression of Pharaoh. It concluded with the words, ‘Pray and work for the deliverance of Keretani! Keep on marching to the Promised Land! Forward to the liberation of the oppressed people!’
When the security police took Nenkoseni in for questioning, he told them that he knew nothing about the pamphlet. He said that he just found it lying around in the shebeen, and that he used it to mop up some beer that was spilled on the table. Then he absentmindedly put the pamphlet into his pocket, without knowing what it was. Because the police couldn’t prove anything, they just slapped him around a bit before they released him with a warning about getting involved in politics.
Back at school, Nenkoseni was questioned about the incident. He stuck to his story, in spite of being heavily grilled. After that, Mr. Renarte lectured Nenkoseni about the dangers of getting involved in politics and gated him for a month. He also warned Nenkoseni that the next offence would result in expulsion from the school.
However, it appeared that there might have been more to the story than just that. It was rumored that while Nenkoseni was being interrogated, someone was looking through a slit in the wall. Although he couldn’t see more that the eyes, Nenkoseni was certain that it was Lokusi on the other side. That was what was said, although no one could swear that anyone had actually heard Nenkoseni talking about the incident. Nevertheless, the rumour persisted. It was even embellished when it was said that Nenkoseni refused to identify himself while he was being interrogated. It was only after the eyes appeared at the slit that a man came into the interrogation chamber and said, ‘We know that you are Nenkoseni Lombama, and that you are a scholar at Saint Teresa School.’
When people mentioned these things to Nenkoseni, he smiled mysteriously. Nevertheless, a lot of people believed the story. After all, they asked, why else had Lokusi been trussed up with the words ‘Informer! Spy!’ pinned to his chest? Wasn’t it true that there was no smoke without fire?
To add to the mystery, Lokusi disappeared about two weeks later. The security police questioned just about everyone who knew him, but they learned nothing. Later, we heard that the security police visited Lokusi’s home village about two hundred kilometers up the coast from Fort Marnay. They also learned nothing there, in spite of roughing up and detaining members of Lokusi’s family.
Back at the school, there were various theories about what had happened to Lokusi. Most of the scholars believed that Lokusi was a true son of the revolution, just like his heroic brother. They said that he disappeared because he went over the border to join the exiled comrades in the KNF. Other people said that he left the school because he was disgusted with the way he had been treated. According to people expressing this point of view, he was hiding out somewhere. There was even a third point of view, held by a small minority of scholars who said that Lokusi was definitely an informer; they believed that someone had finally settled with him, permanently.
No one knew the truth and the uncertainty only fuelled the debate. For a few days, it was the major subject of discussion. Then interest in the subject began to fade as attention turned to other matters.
Looking back on that time, I remember that years later a comrade in the struggle said that there were no innocent bystanders in a liberation struggle. Everyone is implicated and everyone is accused, either by their actions or by their inaction. It is true. No one is innocent. Already, Nozam and I were no longer simple bystanders.
After Lokusi disappeared, Nozam took me aside and asked anxiously, ‘Are you sure you didn’t say anything to Lokusi?’
Irritated, I replied, ‘I told you exactly what I said to him. He asked me if people in Totudi were politically conscious and I said that it depends what he meant. That was all I said.’
‘You’re sure that was all?’
‘Yes. I’m sure! Hey, Nozam, I’ve told you that two or three times already. What is this – an interrogation?’
Nozam ducked his head and said, ‘All right, Kerem, calm down. I’m only trying to help.’
‘Why do you think I need help?’
‘We have to be careful, not so?’
‘You’ve said that before – plenty of times! And what do you mean by "we"? How are you involved in this thing?’
At that, Nozam stepped back as if I had given him a shove in the chest. Then he collected himself and said, ‘We are age group mates. We stick together, remember? We come from the same village and we arrived here together. That’s what I mean when I talk about "we". That’s all that I mean.’
I decided to try a new tack by asking, ‘What do you think about Lokusi?’
Nozam blinked and dropped his gaze. He mumbled. ‘Think about him? I hardly knew him.’
‘You know what I mean, man – the matter of why Lokusi has disappeared.’
Nozam looked away, shuffled his feet, and said, ‘I have no opinion on the matter.’ Then he looked me in the eye and asked, ‘What about you?’
I said, ‘I guess that I don’t have any opinion, either.’

SIX: TO BUILD A TOWER

My time at Saint Teresa School marked the beginning of my drift away from home and community, a drift towards something broader and less easy to define. When I arrived home at the end of each term, at first I experienced the pleasure of being immersed in the warmth of family, friends, and the comfortable embrace of the past. Then, after a few days, there was the gradual emergence of – what? Dissatisfaction? Disappointment? Critical distance? It was not that there was anything wrong with home and the village. They hadn’t changed. The truth was that I was changing. I knew about more than just the village and the highlands. Also, I saw that events were overtaking Totudi and the highlands. These were events that couldn’t be measured or even properly analyzed and explained. But I sensed these things, knew them deep down, felt them ever more certainly every time I returned home.
My father reacted to this sense of changing times by saying, ‘My son, this thing, this liberation struggle, it worries me very much.’
‘Do you want the colonialists to rule us for ever, dada?’
My father looked at me sharply. His head dipped quickly, as if he was playing an old game with an old partner, and had suddenly been caught out by an unexpected move. I was sorry to do that to him, even though it gave me a small, quick shiver when I realized that my father recognized that I was no longer a child.
My father took his time about replying. Finally he said, ‘No my son. You misunderstand me.’
‘What then, dada?’
My father paused, scratched his chin with the handle of the chisel, and then said quietly, ‘I think that this thing – this liberation, this independence – must come. It has to come some time. I know that the clock is ticking and can’t be turned back.’
‘But then, dada, if it must come –?’
‘It is a question of how it will come. That is the question. That is what worries me.’
We sat there for a while with this matter between us. Then I asked, ‘Dada, when you say it is a question of how it will come –?’
My father sight heavily. He sat back, rubbed his cheek, and replied, ‘Don’t think that I am saying that things should never change. Things always change. Take me, for example. To you, I’m always your father and you think of me as someone who doesn’t change.’ He smiled fleetingly and went on, ‘You know that I’m getting older. You know it up here.’ My father tapped his forehead. ‘However, it’s as if you know it but you don’t see it. No, you don’t have to deny it. I know how it is. With my father and me, it was just the same. It’s always the same, with parents and children.’
‘Yes, dada, but –?’
My father waved a hand in a don’t-be-impatient gesture. He gave me a half-humorous, half-knowing look. ‘Ha! That’s one thing that doesn’t change – children trying to hurry their parents, children saying, don’t give us stories about the past, give us your ideas about here and now, and do it quickly, so that we can move on.’
‘I’m sorry, dada.’ 
‘No matter, it’s as I said – it’s the way things are.’ He rubbed his nose with the back of his hand, leaving a little smear of wood shavings. ‘Now, about this matter –’
‘Yes, dada?’
My father sighed again. ‘What I fear most of all is what I see happening already.’
‘Yes, dada?’
 ‘What I see happening is that some people are losing their humanity.’ I didn’t know how to respond to this, so I just looked at him. My father continued, ‘Fight violence with violence – that’s a natural reaction.’
‘But, dada, where is the violence? There’s no violence – not much, anyway. It’s just people speaking about what’s right and wrong and saying that they won’t be oppressed any longer.’ However, even as I said it, I thought guiltily about my actions at the restaurant. I never told my father about it. In fact, I never told anyone about it. Don’t fight violence with violence? But how else could it be done? Turn the other cheek and get knocked off your feet when you did? How would that help anyone?
My father sighed again. ‘No, there’s not much violence – not yet. But it will come. It’s the way of the world, not so? But I don’t see people thinking about what it means for them and the future. They’re like people running to be part of a kumgala procession. They hear the drums, they see the crowd moving past their compounds, and they run out to be part of it. Most of them don’t even bother to ask what it’s all about. Or, if they do ask, they just accept the first explanation that they get. You see what I mean, my boy?’
‘Yes, dada.’ I followed his reasoning, even if I wasn’t convinced.
My father put some snuff on the back of his hand, sniffed, blew his nose, and settled back. He spread his hands and continued, ‘Do they see that the longer it goes on, the more it will grow like a whirlwind? Do they see that it will suck more and more people into it? Do they see that they will all become prisoners of the whirlwind?’ He paused and closed his eyes, head raised as if he was looking at a scene that was beyond us in place and time.
After a while, I said, ‘Dada, you were saying–?’
He shook his head, blinked, and looked at me. ‘I see them, those people in the procession. I see them coming from all over to join it, running, eyes fixed on the crowd. I see how the procession becomes everything to them, bigger than their own lives.’ He shook his head again and blinked. We sat there in silence for some time, before he smiled briefly, almost shyly, shrugged, and said, ‘That’s it, my son – that’s the best that I can do in words.’
My father’s carvings were changing. There was a rough tension to them, as if the subjects struggled with the wood from which they emerged. Looking at his new carvings, running my hands over their shapes, more than ever I wished that I had my father’s talent.
Arbuthnoir’s view of the situation was similar to my father’s. He said, ‘Kerem, my boy, your father is right. You know, Jesus told a parable about someone who wanted to build a tower. Jesus said that before he starts to build, he had better sit down and calculate what it’s going to cost and whether he has enough money and resources to finish the job. I guess you know the parable?’ I nodded. Arbuthnoir continued, ‘Well, what I’m saying is that people who get involved in the struggle should make a careful estimate of their resources before they begin because this could be a long and destructive affair. Like the builder of the tower, they’d better make sure, before they start, that they have the resources to finish the job.’
‘Yes, father, I see.’
Arbuthnoir looked at me half-wearily and said, ‘Perhaps you do, Kerem. More likely, you’re just being polite by agreeing with me.’ He clapped me on the shoulder and grinned. For a brief moment his face suddenly lost some of its years, so that I seemed to be a child again in the face of this younger Arbuthnoir. But that was only for a brief moment. He chuckled. ‘Oh, don’t look so concerned, my boy – respect is never misplaced, especially towards old friends.’
‘Father, I do understand.’
‘Yes Kerem, I’m sure you do. And I thank you for that.’ He coughed, hesitated, and then said, ‘No one can escape from this thing. They might twist and turn, they might even try to put their heads into the sand, like the proverbial ostrich, but this thing is going to press down on everyone and it’s going to change all of us, no matter what we do.’ He paused and stroked his beard, then said, ‘And I’m speaking for myself as well, when I say that.’ He studied me thoughtfully and then asked gently, ‘And what about you, Kerem?’
‘Me, father?’
‘Yes you! How do you respond?’
‘Well, father…it’s difficult, I don’t know what to say.’
‘How is the situation affecting Saint Teresa School?’
I told him about Lokusi. I also told him about how it was suspected that the spies and informers had been planted amongst the students.
Arbuthnoir nodded thoughtfully, stroking his beard. He asked, ‘And what about the staff? How do they feel about it?’
‘They don’t say, father.’
He grinned sardonically. ‘No, I didn’t suppose that they did, not outright. But their attitudes show, don’t they?’
‘Yes, father.’
‘And what about Mr. Renarte?’
I said carefully, ‘He’s telling the scholars not to get involved in politics.’
Arbuthnoir gave the same sardonic grin. ‘Let me guess – he’s delivering homilies on how people should be loyal to the state, how they should be grateful for what the authorities have done for them, how rebellion against established authority is against the will of God. Isn’t that so? From the Bible, he’s reading Romans chapter thirteen with great conviction. Not so?’ He laughed and said, ‘Oh, don’t look so surprised. I don’t have informers in the school, you know.’
‘Then, father, how–?’
Arbuthnoir grinned mischievously. ‘I’ve known Louis Renarte for more than twenty years. It’s easy to predict what he will be thinking and doing at a time like this. And, besides that, I hear these things discussed when I go down to Fort Marnay for meetings.’ He laughed again and clapped me on the shoulder, saying, ‘I’ve got to go. I have business to attend to.’ At the gate, just as I was leaving, Arbuthnoir said, ‘Remember the parable of the man who wanted to build a tower, my boy.’ He shook my hand, his face solemn. He stood there watching me walk down the road and then, when I turned, he waved. He was still standing there when I looked back before I turned the corner in the bush path.
One day, while I was on holiday in Totudi, I met Sanomi. She saw me at a distance, waved furiously, and hurried over, shouting happily, ‘Kerem, Kerem, is it really you?’ She stood in front of me, out of breath, squinting up. ‘How are you? How long have you been home? How is it in Fort Marnay?’ I couldn’t help laughing Sanomi hadn’t changed much – still the same heart-shaped, inquisitive face, the same hands-on-hips stance, and the same look-you-in-the-eye direct approach. We shook hands and Sanomi gazed up at me so quizzically that I couldn’t help laughing even while we were greeting each other.
I asked, ‘Which question shall I answer first?’
‘Oh, you – you’re, making fun of me!’ Sanomi pouted and I laughed again, saying, ‘No, I’m not.’
‘Yes, you are! You shouldn’t behave like that, you know.’
‘Well, anyway, even if I am having some fun with you, why not?’
‘Because you’re a hero.’
‘A hero? How is that?’
Sanomi waved her arms about, saying, ‘Didn’t you know? You got a scholarship and you’re attending Saint Teresa School. How many other people have done that?’
I was embarrassed so I said lamely, ‘I don’t know what to say.’
Sanomi looked at me with the direct, half-challenging gaze that was so characteristic of her. She asked, ‘And, Kerem, do you know what? People say that you’ve become too grand to speak to village people. They say that they knew it was going to happen and now it has.’
‘Whoa, Sanomi! Hold on! I’m not too grand to speak to you, or anyone else. Where did that idea come from?’
She smiled up at me, hands on her hips. ‘Well, that’s good.’ She put her head on one side and said, ‘I didn’t really think that you were too grand, you know. It’s just what other people are saying.’
‘And who are these other people?’
‘Oh, just people. You know, people in the village.’
‘Well, they’re wrong. It’s not true.’
Sanomi giggled. I wondered if she was telling the truth about what people were saying or if she was just teasing me. With her I was never sure. She asked, ‘How is Fort Marnay? Tell me about it. Do you like it there?’
‘Fort Marnay is fine. I like it.’
‘Oh, it must be wonderful. Totudi is all right but, really, it’s too small. You get used to it too quickly. It never changes. Everything just stays the same. That’s what I think. Don’t you also think so, Kerem?’
I was still grinning. Having a conversation with Sanomi was like trying to board a vehicle traveling at speed. I said that to her. She turned down the corners of her mouth and said, ‘You’re making fun of me again.’
‘No, I’m not. It’s just you, the way you are. Anyway talking about Totudi, why should it be good if everything changes? Sometimes I like things just the way they are.’
‘You like me, Kerem?’
‘Well, yes, I guess I do.’
‘Oh, that’s good. It makes me happy?’
‘It does?’
Sanomi stood on her toes and beckoned to me. I put my head down, and she whispered, ‘I like you too.’ She stretched up as far as she could go and said, ‘I think I will marry you one day.’
‘Marry me? Really?’
‘Yes, I will.’
‘Are you sure of that?’
She nodded firmly. ‘I’ve already decided.’
I kept a straight face and said, ‘You’ll change your mind. Anyway, what about me? You haven’t asked me how I feel about it.’
Sanomi stood with her hands on her hips, looked up at me gravely and asked, ‘Well, what do you think about it?’
I replied, ‘I’ve never thought about it – and, besides, I’ve still got a lot of time. I don’t have to make up my mind in a hurry.’
She frowned. ‘Oh, that’s just typical of men. My mother says it’s no use expecting men to make up their minds. My mother says that women have to do it for them.’
This time I couldn’t help laughing outright. Sanomi just frowned until I subsided. I asked, ‘What else does your mother say?’
She whirled around, her simple cotton dress flaring out in a bell shape and said, ‘My mother says I mustn’t be late for lunch. Goodbye, Kerem.’ She started running down the avenue between the compounds. Then she stopped, turned around, and called out ‘Kerem, I’m going to go to Saint Teresa School, just like you.’
‘That’s good! I’ll look out for you.’
‘No, really, I’m serious. Or don’t you think that girls can do that sort of thing?’
‘Well, sure, I guess girls can do it, too.’
‘You’ll see, Kerem, I’ll be the first girl from Totudi to go to Saint Teresa School.’ Sanomi waved, turned around, and set off again. Then, after a few steps, she stopped and shouted, ‘Remember what I said, Kerem!’ She twirled around with the same flare of her dress and set off again at a fast jog.
I shouted after her, ‘It’s been nice talking to you!’
That evening, I told my mother, ‘Sanomi says she wants to marry me.’
My mother asked suspiciously, ‘Who is Sanomi?’ I told her who she was. Mother sniffed and said, ‘Oh, her! Well, she’s pretty enough even if her family won’t have much to offer by way of a dowry.’ My mother sprinkled some nutmeg over the dish she was preparing and said, ‘One thing is for sure – she might be the first one to say that she’ll marry you, but she won’t be the last one.’
At the end of my first year at Saint Teresa School, I returned to Totudi for the long summer vacation. I had done well in my studies, placing fourth overall in my class and eleventh in the grade. All in all, it had been a good year. Nozam did almost as well, placing fifteenth over-all in the grade.
However, it didn’t satisfy Nozam. On the bus home, after a period of heavy silence, he said, ‘I should have got a higher place.’
I responded, ‘I guess we’ll both do better next year now that we know our way around.’
Nozam said grimly, ‘It’s that Mrs. Thiem. She doesn’t like me.’
‘Why is that?’
‘I’m too clever for her.’
 ‘Oh, really?’
Nozam said truculently, ‘I’m telling you the truth, man – it’s a fact. She doesn’t like the way I express myself in writing. She’s always writing remarks like "pretentious" and "flowery". Ha! I reckon she doesn’t even know what those words mean. She says I should write more simply. I told her that was my style. Everyone has his own style. That’s what I told her. But she won’t accept that.’
I said cautiously, ‘Maybe she’s got a point.’
‘No, man, I can’t see why I have to learn to write like a child, or something.’ He was getting really steamed up. ‘I reckon I write the way I write because it’s me. I don’t see why I have to go back to some earlier stage or whatever, just because she can’t accept the way I write.’
The conversation lapsed while the vehicle jolted and swayed over a rough deviation. A new road was being built towards the highlands, one of a network of new highways that were radiating all over Keretani. The government said that it was promoting development while the skeptics said that the network facilitated the movement of military forces to all parts of the country. To this, the governor and his officials said that it was a solid indication of the type of investment that the state was prepared to make in the development of Keretani. They also said that it was a token of the fact that this was one colony that would not be abandoned to the ruinous control of ungodly communists, terrorists and irresponsible nationalists.
The vehicle reached a completed section of the new highway and began to hum along smoothly allowing us to settle into more comfortable positions. Nozam said, ‘If I’d have got another five per cent in the language examination, I would have had the same place overall as you.
I said ‘That’s true.’ I was trying to read a magazine and I wasn’t much interested in Nozam’s complaints.
He continued, ‘That’s what I mean about Mrs. Thiem and her not liking me. It’s her fault that I was placed behind you.’ I just grunted. Nozam said, ‘It’s because I’m from the highlands – that’s why she’s against me.
‘I’m also from the highlands.’
‘Well, maybe you would also have got better marks if –’ I had heard enough of Nozam’s self-centered nonsense so I interrupted him by saying, ‘Man, I swear Mrs. Thiem doesn’t know whether you’re from the highlands or the lowlands, or from the bottom of the ocean. And if she did know, I swear it wouldn’t make any difference.’
‘I’ll bet she does –’
‘Man, Nozam, will you quit worrying about it! What are a few percentage points in one subject, anyway? You came fifteenth in the grade, I came eleventh – those are good positions. Maybe next year you’ll be eleventh and I’ll come fifteenth. So what!’ I was fed up with Nozam’s carping. I guess even he could see it because he shut up for a few minutes before he said, ‘Hah! You will see that next year will be different.’
I just grunted and looked at the scene for a while. Things were changing fast. Now there were roadblocks where vehicles had to stop to be searched. Soldiers peered into every vehicle, checked under every chassis, walked down the aisles of the buses, and searched items of luggage. There was an air of tension and an atmosphere of restrained menace.
When we changed vehicles in Post Sebastian, the mini-bus driver looked at our school uniforms admiringly and said, ‘Hey, you schoolboys. Come and sit up front. First class is up front.’ We didn’t need a second invitation. It was more comfortable sitting next to the driver, rather than to be packed in with the rest of the passengers in the back.
After we had been underway for about fifteen minutes, the driver started to make conversation with us. He asked, ‘Saint Teresa School, eh?’ We nodded. He said, ‘You schoolboys, you are the lucky ones. You are very lucky! You see this lot back here –?’ He jerked a thumb towards the passengers on the seats behind him, changed gear, and said, ‘They are nothing but peasants. That’s what they are, and that’s what they’ll always be.’ He wrinkled his nose, spat out the window, and said, ‘You smell them, hey? It’s like they come out of a cattle enclosure. Cow shit and wood smoke – that’s what they smell of. I’m telling you, they never wash. Work in the fields, work with the cattle, drink some beer in the compound, make some more children, go to sleep, wake up – that’s life for them. That’s all it is. And the next day is the same as the day before.’ He looked at us appraisingly, saying, ‘You two are different. You will get a good job, eh? No cattle and cow shit for you, for sure.’
Nozam said, ‘We will use our education for the good of the people.’
‘Ha! So you say! So you say! Come back in ten years and tell me that! Then we’ll see what’s what.’ The driver laughed cynically and spat out of the window again.
Nozam said indignantly, ‘It’s true. We will.’
The driver snorted. ‘Yes, man, and it’s true that when we get independence, we will all be as rich as white men. The white men will say, oh, you are independent now, isn’t that nice. And then they will say, and here is money and houses and factories. Now you can be independent and rich, both together.’ He jerked his head backwards. ‘And that lot back there – they believe it. They herd cattle and they get herded like cattle themselves. They follow other people’s lies. Trot, trot, trot – just like cattle! Someone makes a few promises and they think that their lives will change. Oh yes, hey, they really believe it. Cattle herders, herded like cattle – that’s what they are.’
I was getting annoyed at the man’s disrespectful attitude and know-it-all air, so I said, ‘My friend is right. We will use our education for the good of the people.’
At this, the driver gave the biggest snort yet. He said dismissively, ‘You are black men, not so?’
‘Yes. So what?’
‘One day you will be educated and Keretani will be independent. Then you will see what black men do with education and independence. Oh, yes, you will see! So is the world, eh? Ha!’
In Totudi, I heard that Miss Renkula had moved to Fort Marnay. The governor decided to counter the growing popularity of the KNF by establishing an International Government of National Concord. that brought together people who opposed the KNF, such as tribal leaders, representatives of smaller ethnic groups, and individuals who were willing to co-operate with the authorities. Miss Renkula was offered a position as deputy director in the new education department under the Internal Government. It was a great advance for a teacher from a highland village and she seized the opportunity. She moved to Fort Marnay, rented an apartment, and took delivery of a new motor car. To the amusement of people in Totudi when they heard about it, the car remained in her garage for nearly six months while she took driving lessons.
When Arbuthnoir visited her, she told him that she was having difficulty passing the test because, in her new position as deputy director, she had more important things on her mind. Also, she said, as everyone knew, the people at the coast were prejudiced against people from the highlands. That was why she was having so much trouble getting her driving license.
When Miss Renkula eventually passed the test, she framed her driving licence and hung it on the wall in her office.
On my first day in Totudi, Sanomi intercepted me while I was on my way to the shops. She jumped out from behind a screen of foliage, shouting happily, ‘Kerem! How are you?’
‘Sanomi!’I started so violently that I dropped the money that I was carrying. ‘Sanomi! Don’t do that!’
‘Oh, Kerem, aren’t you pleased to see me?’
‘Yes, of course. But, hey, you gave me a fright!’
Sanomi stood there smiling up at me, with the familiar hands-on-hips stance, eyes shining. ‘Kerem, it’s good to see you.’ She gave me a hug, her head firm against my chest.
I said, ‘Yes, it’s good to see you as well.’ Then I remembered the money and said, ‘Hey! Careful! You’ll trample the money.’ Sanomi helped me to gather the coins together. On our hands and knees, we searched through the sand. Sanomi’s face was close to mine. As she gave me the last coin, there was s speculative smile on her face. I knew that look. I thought, oh no, what’s she up to now? Sanomi ran her tongue over her lips, moved into a kneeling position, and asked in a rush of words, ‘Kerem, will you be my boyfriend?’
‘What?’
‘Boyfriend – will you be my boyfriend?’ I scrambled to my feet. Sanomi put out a hand, and I helped her up. She continued to hold my hand, lacing her fingers through mine while I said, ‘Your boyfriend? Well, I don’t know. I mean…’
Sanomi interrupted me, asking, ‘Don’t you like me, Kerem?’
She pouted so severely that I wanted to laugh. I tried to keep a straight face while I replied, ‘Well, yes, sure I like you. It’s just that, you know, I wasn’t planning on having…’
‘There you are! You like me! So that’s settled.’
‘What’s settled?’
‘You’ll be my boyfriend.’
‘Not so fast, Sanomi, not so fast!’
‘Come on, Kerem, it’ll be fun. I’ve never had a boyfriend and I don’t want to wait any longer.’
‘Well, okay, I guess maybe…’
Sanomi spun around, her hands above her head like a dancer. She sang, ‘Kerem’s my boyfriend, Kerem’s my boyfriend, Kerem’s my boyfriend now.’
‘Hey, don’t tell the whole world! Let’s keep it quiet.’
‘No! It’s no good having a boyfriend if people don’t know about it.’
‘Well, okay, but let people find out slowly. Don’t tell everyone all at once.’
That was how I became Sanomi’s boyfriend. First, I visited her compound to be introduced to her parents. They seemed to like me and said that I was welcome to visit at any time. Sanomi said that proper boyfriends visited their girlfriends at home, so I took up the invitation. We saw each other almost every day that I wasn’t helping my parents in the fields. Sometimes we just sat around talking. Sometimes we played board games, like draughts and chess. Sometimes we walked over to neighbouring villages to visit Sanomi’s friends or just to see what was going on.
Her father knew a lot about wild fruits, and we often went into the forest with baskets. When I deposited the first load of fruit in our compound, my mother looked at them approvingly while my father said, ‘Ha! The first fruits of the relationship, I see.’ My mother took the basket and retreated into the cooking hut. We could hear her giggling. My father raised his eyebrows at me but said nothing.
On the last day of the vacation, Sanomi asked me to take a walk with her and we climbed up a path through the forest. After about half an hour, Sanomi led me off the main track. Following a faint trail that led steeply upwards across the face of the mountain, we clambered over broken terrain pushing creepers and branches aside. It was tough going, especially when the kink in my leg started to ache.
Panting, I asked, ‘Hey, Sanomi, where are we going?’
‘You’ll see, Kerem. Just follow me.’ She turned to the right. Suddenly we emerged from the curtain of foliage and were standing on a ledge of rock that jutted out over the canopy of forest below. She pointed to Totudi, saying, ‘Look at the village, Kerem. It’s so small. It’s hard to believe that we live there, don’t you think?’
We sat on the ledge, holding hands, looking at the panorama that spread below and around us. Two hawks circled in front of us, gliding on the unseen airstreams. It was so quiet that we could hear occasional sounds from the village: the shout of a child, women calling to each other in the fields, the banging of a mallet, and the bellowing of cattle.
Sanomi asked, ‘Do you like it?’
‘Yes, I do. Do you come here often?’
‘Yes. It’s my special place.’ She pressed my hand against her cheek. ‘This is the first time that anyone else has been here with me.’ She rested her head against my shoulder. The space, the silence, and the warmth of the sun enveloped us. After a while, Sanomi said, ‘Thank you for being my boyfriend.’
‘I’ve enjoyed it.’
She wriggled her head against my shoulder and said softly, ‘It would be nice if it could go on for ever.’
It was time to say the words that had to be said some time. I said, ‘I guess it’s over now.’
‘Over? Why is that?’ She jerked her head away.
I said, ‘Sanomi, I have to go back to Fort Marnay tomorrow.’
‘Well, I thought maybe – you know, maybe we could –’
‘No, Sanomi. It won’t work. You remember what your mother says?’
‘What does she say?’
‘She says that distance kills affection.’
‘That’s what my mother says. But what do you say?’
‘That’s what I think, too.’
There was silence. Sanomi moved away from me, tucking her knees up under her chin and clasping her legs with her arms. After a while she asked in a small voice, ‘You mean – just like that – it’s over?’
‘It’s over for now, Sanomi. It has to be.’
With her eyes cast down, she asked softly, ‘You have a girl in Fort Marnay?’
‘No. I don’t have another girl. You’re my first girlfriend. You’re the only one.’
There was another long silence before she asked, ‘Just for now?’
‘Yes, just for now, anyway. It’s over just for now.’
 ‘And in the future – what then?’
‘I’ll tell you what, Sanomi – I’ll do a deal with you.’
‘What sort of deal?’
‘You say that you’ll be coming to Saint Teresa School, don’t you?’
‘Yes. I do.’
‘Well, when you get there, we’ll talk about you and me. How’s that?’
She stood up, smoothed down her dress, wiped her eyes, and said, ‘Okay. It’s a deal.’ I stood up as well. Sanomi embraced me, and said, ‘Thank you for being my boyfriend, Kerem. It’s been wonderful.’ She stood back and said, brightly but moist-eyed, ‘We will always know where to find each other.’
Sanomi did make it to Saint Teresa School. But when she arrived there, I was no longer at the school.
Breaking off with Sanomi wasn’t easy, even though I knew that it had to be done. The truth was that I didn’t know whether or not there would be other girls when I got back to Fort Marnay. There very well could be – and if there were, I didn’t want to have to lie to Sanomi. If I lied to her, it would hurt her if she ever found out. But even if she didn’t find out, the deception would muddy the waters between us. Back then, as now, I’ve never wanted to injure or harm Sanomi in any way and I’ve always wanted the waters to run as pure and unsullied as possible.
At the time, I couldn’t put it in such clear words – but I felt it keenly enough. She was always in my mind, like the notes of a distant flute, subdued but pervasive, infiltrating the sounds of the other instruments. The music never left my consciousness. Wherever I was, it was always with me. During the years when I had no contact with her, even during the most desperate of those times, I never forgot what she said, about always knowing where to find each other. I often wondered whether she also remembered her words. I wanted to believe that she did. To me, through all the years that we were apart, Sanomi was like the mainland to a mariner – out of sight but always anticipated somewhere over the horizon.
In Totudi, some things remained the same. There was still the same cycle of weeding, fertilizing, planting and harvesting. Every morning, the herd boys took the cattle out to graze and every evening they led the cattle back to be milked. The appearance of the village didn’t change, with its compounds, the chief’s house, and the moktola. The straggly street of the trading settlement was the same, with its bartering, buying and selling. The thunderstorms and rains of summer were still followed by the mists and frosts of winter.
However, as my father said, the world was not what it used to be and things were changing fast. For instance, on the outskirts of Totudi there was the new police post with its face-brick walls, its mesh-covered windows, its floodlights, and its razor-wire fence. Also, there were regular army patrols. The soldiers passed by in huge armored vehicles, menacing antediluvian monsters, the high-pitched whine of the engines announcing their presence long before they appeared, bumping their way along the tracks around the village.
But most of all the changes were taking place in people’s minds. People were becoming more careful with their words. Who could you trust? Both sides were demanding allegiance. It was dangerous to show support, and it was dangerous not to. A virus of apprehension and suspicion was infiltrating the village, just as it was infecting all of Keretani.

SEVEN: HAPPY, HAPPY LAND

I worked hard at my studies and I did well. At the end of the second year, my ranking in the grade improved by two places. With more hard work, at the end of the third year, I placed fourth overall.
During my first year at Saint Teresa School, my leg was still recovering from the accident and I had to be careful with it. Later I began to play tennis and soccer, in spite of the fact that I still limped. However, injured leg or not, I was never much more than an enthusiastic social player. On the other hand, Nozam was an excellent athlete. Before he was halfway through his third year, he played in the school’s first soccer and tennis teams. He was also good at athletics, specializing in shorter events such as the hundred-meter dash and the long jump, where he could use his broad torso and strong thighs to best advantage.
Nozam was developing what his teachers called ‘a well-rounded and successful scholastic career.’ But he never could beat me academically. This rankled with him. When I saw that Nozam was trying harder than ever to close the gap, I began to put in extra effort so that I would stay ahead. Why? Probably it was because I didn’t want him smirking at me. He had enough to smirk about anyway, what with his good looks, his father’s wealth, and his sporting achievements.
A few weeks after I started my third year at Saint Teresa School, I heard Papa Kwe speak. Well, he wasn’t called that then. That’s what he was called later, along with honorifics such as ‘Founding President’ and ‘Father of the Nation’. At that time, he was known by his proper name, Kwemuzo. He was a founder of the KNF, and its first president. Kwemuzo came from a chief’s family in the northern border region, where he used to be a school teacher. However, he gave up teaching not long after he founded the KNF and devoted all his time to political mobilization. As he said in his autobiography, ‘I gave everything to the struggle, and the struggle gave everything to me.’
With my political consciousness developing, when I heard that the KNF was going to hold what was billed as an ‘All-star Freedom Rally’, I decided to attend. Judging by what I saw at the rally, more than half of the students at Saint Teresa School made the same decision, even although Mr. Renarte pointedly warned everyone at morning assembly against participating in political activities.
The KNF couldn’t get permission to hold the rally in any of the city’s stadiums or parks so they held it on a piece of vacant ground between two of the informal settlements. The site was a wasteland of dust and scrub between wastelands of shacks and the organizers had to make the best of it by rigging up a stage on the back of a truck and improvising a sound system by putting loudspeakers on the tops of vehicles around the perimeter of the site.
Tens of thousands of people had already gathered by the time I arrived at about mid-day. The brown, red and green KNF colours were everywhere –on umbrellas, scarves, shirts and headgear, as well as on just about any other type of clothing or ornament you could think of. It was an electrifying scene, with the glare of the sun from a cloudless sky, heat, dust, sweat, the press of bodies, the highly strung tension of expectations – and over it the drifting smoke and aroma of grilled meat from the cooking fires of hundreds of market mamas, together with the throbbing beat of the Rasta band on the stage.
However, there was also a less friendly presence. Members of a new para-military unit, recently formed for bush warfare and riot control, were standing by. The authorities called it the ‘orimbiza’ unit, meaning ‘the chisel’, but most people called them ‘ombuza’ which translated as ‘the pulled ones’ or more colloquially as ‘the puppets.’ Fifteen armored troops carriers hulked around the edges of the site. Wearing padded jackets and helmets with face shields, the ombuza lounged next to their vehicles or lazily looked over the crowd from manholes in the roofs.
The speakers led us in cheering, shouting slogans and singing the KNF anthem – but who really cared what the introductory speakers said or did? They were just the warm-up acts for the main performance, the speaker that everyone was waiting for. And there he was, towards the end of the last supporting speech; his timing always was excellent, and he always arrived in a shiny, spacious, black Mercedes Benz, surrounded by men in sunglasses and black, high-buttoned suits. Kwemuzo had arrived! Kwemuzo was here amongst us! Kwemuzo, Kwemuzo! Viva free Keretani!
Kwemuzo was a small man of slim build. He had a high forehead with a receding hairline, prominent cheeks, and a pointed chin that culminated in a forward-sloping forked beard. His black-rimmed spectacles gave him the air of a scholar, but his broad, white-toothed smile and ready wave showed that he was a man of the people. Surrounded by his entourage, Kwemuzo made his way to the stage, stopping every few steps to greet the admirers who thronged around him. Then, when he finally stood on the stage, he faced the crowd and whirled his carved-headed walking stick around his head. The cheers and chants of ‘Kwemuzo! Comrade Kwemuzo!’ redoubled in frenzy as he smiled even more broadly and whirled his stick again. I thought that even the governor, secluded in his palace up the coast must have heard the ecstatic chants and must have despaired when he realized the futility of trying to turn back the tide of such passion for freedom and justice.
As the cheers echoed to the heavens, I pushed my way forward. I wanted to get nearer to this slim figure. I wanted to look up into his eyes and I wanted to see every expression that crossed his features. More than that, I didn’t want to miss a word that he spoke. Joining in the shouts of ‘Viva Kwemozo! Viva free Keretani!’ as the crowd roared, I squeezed my way nearer the front.
Kwemuzo stepped forward and the noise stopped abruptly. Calmly, he looked over the crowd and then raised his stick above his head. ‘Keretani!’ he cried. Fists raised and clenched in the power salute, the crowd roared back at him: ‘Keretani shall be free!’ Then Kwemuzo gestured for silence and began to speak. He stood straight and steady while he spoke. He used his hands a lot and I was close enough to see that his fingers were long and elegant. They reminded me of my father’s hands: the hands of an artist or a musician. His voice was deep and resonant and, amplified by a score of loudspeakers, his message boomed from all directions: ‘Comrades, the nation of Keretani is present here today. You are the nation and you are saying; liberation now! Nothing can turn back the force of the people’s urge for freedom. For too long, we have been oppressed and enslaved. Forward with the people’s revolution!’
In return, the crowd thundered, ‘Liberation now! Free Keretani!’ They were ecstatic. I was ecstatic.
Kwemuzo told us that even as he spoke, the colonialists were drafting more repressive laws and were bringing in more troops and military equipment. He cried, ‘They may cover Keretani with their laws and their soldiers, but for what? I tell you, the spirit of the people will never be conquered. Our struggle is just and our resolution cannot be broken. We want nothing but the same right as people everywhere – the right to govern ourselves. What do we want? We want nothing but the right to be free.’ He paused, waved his stick, and then cried, ‘Keretani! The word boomed at us, each syllable pronounced separately: ‘Ke– re– ta– ni!’
We roared back at him, ‘Keretani shall be free!’ I believed it and, in my fervor, I felt that I would die to make it happen.
Kwemozo raised his hand for silence and declaimed, ‘I spoke to the governor last month.’ He paused, and then cried, ‘The governor? Governor of what? I ask you, comrades, governor of what? The governor of Keretani, he says. Heh! How can that be? Keretani is not his to govern.’ Kwemuzo rose to his full height and boomed, ‘Keretani belongs to the people, not the governor! The people will govern!’ The crowd roared its approval while Kwemuzo stood back, smiling his broad smile. On the stage, members of his entourage fell about in laughter, slapped each other’s backs in delight, and shook Kwemuzo’s hand.
As Kwemuzo spoke, he gave life to emotions that had lain dormant within me like seeds wilting to be released by the heat of summer. It was like being in church in Totudi, with the congregation and the choir swaying and making music together in unity. Only, this was bigger – much bigger. I thought, yes, we are all one people. The market woman in front of me, with the stained apron and frayed turban, was my compatriot. The thin man next to me wearing a worker’s overalls, coughing harrowingly, was my comrade in the struggle. The group of men to my right, with their braided hair and ochre-daubed faces, weren’t merely tribesmen from the southern plains. They were also fellow Keretanians. We shared the same borders, the same experiences, and the same aspirations: One Keretani, One Nation!
Kwemuzo had been speaking for about ten minutes when there was a disturbance somewhere behind me. I heard shouts and cries, and then was nearly knocked off my feet as people pressed forward. Next I heard what sounded like firecrackers exploding. The press of bodies increased. I stumbled, tried to stand my ground, and then had to move under the irresistible pressure of thousands of people shoving and scrambling towards the open spaces beyond the rally site. Someone in front of me screamed and fell, and the crowd trampled over her. Acrid gas reached us, tearing at our eyes and noses. People yelled, shoved, swore, and lashed at teach other as they tried to make it to the safety of the open spaces. Bodies were jostled, crushed against each other, and tumbled and trampled underfoot.
When I reached an open space, my eyes streaming, my nose clogged with the tear-gas, and my ribs bruised from the crush, I didn’t look back. I took to my heels and ran, along with thousands of others who were doing the same. We ran as if packs of wild dogs were after us, yipping their high-pitched chase-cry, leaping forward to snatch their mouthfuls of flesh. We ran as if every armored troop carrier in the whole world was after us, seeking to crush us beneath their gigantic tyres. We ran for our lives.
After a few minutes, I stopped on a small ridge and looked back. The rally site was almost deserted except for bodies lying on the ground. The troop carriers were still there, and the ombuza were forming up in front of them. They were carrying stubby rifles – for firing tear-gas, I guessed.
Everywhere, wherever I looked, I could see people fleeing into the distance. I looked towards one of the shanty settlements and saw the rear end of a large black car disappearing around the corner. It looked like Kwemuzo had made it to safety. For that, at least, I was happy.
Later, I heard what caused the chaos at the rally. Groups of men infiltrated the crowd, carrying machetes and clubs concealed under their clothes. At a given moment, they staged mock fights in various parts of the crowd. This was the signal for the ombuza to move in, firing rubber bullets followed by tear-gas.
The next day, the morning newspaper carried the headline ‘Crowd Violence at KNF Rally’ while the evening newspaper reported the matter under the headline, ‘Police Act to Protect Crowd from KNF Thugs’. Both newspapers carried a statement issued by the governor, who said that he deplored the tendency of the KNF leaders to encourage violent behaviour amongst the peaceful people of Keretani. He assured the country that agitators would be dealt with firmly, and that, under the protection of the security forces, law-abiding and peace-loving people had nothing to fear.
A few days later, Kwemuzo and a number of other leaders of the KNF went over the northern border into exile. Who could blame them? Sooner rather than later, they would have been detained, tried, and imprisoned under the new security laws.
For many nights, I lay awake thinking about these things. One part of me was crying, ‘This is your struggle too, get involved, make your contribution.’ Another part of me was saying, ‘Don’t be silly. Don’t get too big for your boots. Freedom, liberation, national unity – these are big things, too big for you. Who are you, to think that you can do anything that will make a difference?’
Halfway through my third year at Saint Teresa School, something happened that finally brought me to a fork in the pathway of my life. And, as often happens, the critical moment came suddenly and unexpectedly. It was like a fugitive summer thunderstorm that lurks below the horizon, flashing and rumbling. Then it suddenly builds up in force, sweeps across the plain, and bursts over you. After days of electric heat that sap your energy and shorten your concentration, it is a relief even as it is a near-cataclysm.
The build-up began with something that was so remote from my day-to-day life that at first I hardly noticed it. The Internal Government of National Concord, the IGNC, was installed in a ceremony in front of the legislative assembly building in Fort Marnay. It was a grand occasion with a military band, a procession of floats, and traditional dancers. The invited guests sat in their finest suits and dresses, baking in the sun, fanning to chase away the flies and the heat.
The high point of the ceremony was the inauguration of the Interim Prime Minister. He was a pastor from the southern regions who had sold himself to the authorities for a house, a car, a new church building, and an endless supply of whisky. It was said that the night before the ceremony he was kept under guard in his hotel room in Fort Marnay so that he would be reasonably sober the next day.
To attract popular support for the ceremony, the authorities provided free hot dogs and soft drinks in the gardens of the legislative building. As the news spread, people streamed in from all over the city. More supplies were ordered, and more people arrived.
After the inauguration of the Interim Prime Minister, the governor read out a message from an appreciative monarch to his devoted colonial subjects. The monarch assured them of his personal interest in the welfare of each and every one of them and opined that the installation of the IGNC marked another significant milestone on the long road towards partnership, socio-economic progress and harmony for all. The invited guests clapped politely while, urged on by official cheerleaders, the crowd standing outside the ornamental fence roared and applauded raucously while they munched the free food and shouted for more hot dogs.
The governor began his speech by assuring all law-abiding inhabitants of Keretani that irresponsible elements would not disrupt the orderly process of constitutional development. However, he didn’t get much further because at that point he was interrupted by chants of ‘Down, Internal Government, down!’ and ‘Viva, KNF! Viva freedom!’ Demonstrators had infiltrated the crowd beyond the fence. Now they unfurled their banners, sang, and shouted slogans. The governor raised his voice to a shout so that he could be heard above the noise. He bellowed that it was necessary to step up the fight against communists, Marxists, anarchists, agitators, terrorists, nationalists, and radicals – all those misguided elements who, stirred up and misled by foreign enemies, threatened the peace and stability of Keretani. However, in spite of the loudspeakers, he was nearly drowned out by shouts of ‘Down with the puppets!’ and ‘One Keretani, one nation!’ Someone turned up the sound system even higher and, rising to the occasion, the governor bellowed into the microphone that a system of military draft would be introduced with immediate effect. All young men between the ages of eighteen and twenty-three who had passed grade ten would be eligible for the draft.
A unit of ombuza formed up behind the crowd and an officer shouted something over a loud-hailer. No one paid attention to him. In any case, he couldn’t be heard over the thunderous, amplified roar of the governor’s words and the chanting and singing of the demonstrators. The officer put down the loudhailer, shouted an order, and the ombuza fired a volley of rubber bullets. People ran from the scene, screaming. The ombuza let them go, put on gas masks, fired tear-gas containers, and moved in to get to grips with the rest of the demonstrators. They waded into them with relish, beating them with truncheons and whips, clubbing them with rifle butts, slashing and kicking at fallen bodies.
At first, ignoring the fracas, the governor continued bellowing into the microphone. However, soon the clouds of tear-gas reached the assembled guests. Coughing and sneezing, the audience vacated their seats and scrambled for refuge in the distant parts of the lawns. Although the governor stood his ground for a few minutes, even he had to retreat as the tear-gas drifted around the stage.
On the other side of the fence, the ombuza cleaned up the last of the demonstrators, seizing as many as they could and driving the rest from the scene.
When the ceremony resumed about half an hour later, the governor cut his speech short and hurriedly unveiled the colours of the newly founded regiment, the Keretani National Rifles. Then he retreated from the stage, still wiping his eyes and sneezing. Together with senior officials and invited guests, he moved on to attend the garden party, which was held on the lawn in front of the governor’s official residence. The ombuza surrounded the building to ensure that the guests could enjoy their drinks and snacks without further interruption.
Later back in Totudi, I got a first-hand account of these events from Father Arbuthnoir. He told us that the governor’s office had sent him an invitation to attend the ceremony. My father looked at him in surprise and asked, ‘You – the governor’s guest?’
Arbuthnoir chuckled ironically. ‘Don’t look so startled. Do you think that your old friend, Father Arbuthnoir, isn’t good enough to join the dignitaries in Fort Marnay?’
My father grunted and gave a sceptical, amused shrug. I asked, ‘What did you do, father?’
‘I took the middle way. I turned down the invitation and joined the crowd.’
My father said, ‘You could have been injured.’
‘I nearly was, my friend.’
I asked, ‘How, father?’
‘When the protests started, the riot police let fly with a volley of rubber bullets. One of them went humming past my left ear.’ Arbuthnoir waved a hand next to his ear. ‘It was that close, my friends. It sounded like a bumble bee.’
My father said nothing. He just shook his head disbelievingly as if he was hearing about the exploits of a mischievous child.
I asked, ‘What happened then, father?’
He said, ‘It was like being in the eye of a storm. People dropped to the ground. Others were running away, screaming. Tear-gas was drifting around. Then the ombuza charged. They whipped people and clubbed them with rifle butts. They cleared the whole area within about a minute.’
My father said sternly, ‘Do you think we have so many priests in the village, that you should go to Fort Marnay and endanger your life?’
Arbuthnoir looked chastened and replied, ‘I just went there to be an observer.’ His tone was apologetic.
My father grunted, ‘Ho! Yes! Just an observer!’
Arbuthnoir said, ‘I didn’t know what was going to happen.’
My father grunted again, even louder. I asked, ‘Did they hurt you, father?’
‘Hurt me? No. I had two magic talismans – my white skin and my cassock. They left me alone. As I said, it was like being in the eye of a storm. It whirled all around me but left me unscathed.’
‘What happened next, father?’
‘What happened next? Nothing much, actually. The ombuza just surged over the area, like a blitzkrieg. Whoosh – and then it was over. I helped some of the injured. Then I picked up the things that were left behind.’
My father said, ‘Ho! Yes! It was good that you were there or who would have picked things up? Without the good Father Arbuthnoir, who would have cleared up the mess?’
Arbuthnoir shot a glance at my father and grinned like a guilty schoolboy. He said, ‘You’d be surprised to see what’s left behind after the ombuza have carved their way through a crowd. You find shoes, spectacles, bags, wallets – anything that isn’t firmly secured to the human body.’
I asked, ‘What did you do with them, father?’
‘I stood there, looking around. I felt like someone marooned on an island after a hurricane. There was no one to give the things to. The ombuza were still chasing people along the avenues or throwing them into vans. So I walked down the road to the police station and handed the things over.’ Arbuthnoir snorted. ‘Ironic, isn’t it? The riot police cause devastation and I hand the debris to the police.’
My father said, ‘These are terrible events.’
Arbuthnoir said reflectively, ‘Do you know what I remember the most? There was a young man amongst the protestors, a thin fellow wearing a KNF tee-shirt. He didn’t run. Instead, he turned and faced the ombuza. He took off his spectacles and put them into the pocket of his pants. He was very calm and deliberate. Then he held out his arms like this –’ Arbuthnoir demonstrated the stance. ‘He stood there, with his arms spread out, like a figure in a crucifixion scene.’ Arbuthnoir shook his head in disbelief. ‘He just stood there, tears streaming down his face from the gas, arms held out wide, waiting for the ombuza.’
I asked, ‘What happened to him, father?’
‘Huh! What do you think, my boy? The ombuza jumped on him like he was a gift from heaven. One of them clubbed him to the ground and one of them kicked him a few times, just to make sure that he was properly down.’
‘And after that, father?’
‘I don’t know what happened to him after that. I couldn’t see clearly because of the effects of the gas, and anyway there was so much going on – ombuza clubbing and whipping, people running around – that I lost sight of him.’
My father said, ‘Just think of it, eh – just standing there waiting to be whipped and clubbed.’ He clicked his tongue in admiration and said, ‘Heh! That is brave. I don’t think that I could do it.’
Arbuthnoir said soberly, ‘We will see more of it soon enough, mark my words. Maybe we won’t ever see anything quite like that again, but we’ll see plenty more anger and determination, for sure.’ He shook his head morosely, hauled out his pipe, and patted his pockets absent-mindedly, looking for his matches. With his pipe held in mid-air, he said, ‘We’ll see more of it, mark my words.’
I wondered what it would be like to stand there, undefended and unprotected, offering yourself to be clubbed and whipped. What sort of person would do a thing like that? It scared me, but it also attracted me. Why? Because it was courageous and noble? Yes, that had a lot to do with it. But, deep down, I think that I was attracted most of all to the idea of having a worthwhile and just cause, and standing up for it. Part of me wanted to have stood with those demonstrators, saying, ‘Here I am. Count me in. I’m one of you.’ But another part of me said, ‘It’s not your fight – not yet anyway. They don’t need you. After all, what can a schoolboy do? Anyway, you’ve got other things to do.’
I never forgot the image of that young man putting his spectacles into his pocket and standing there calmly, arms outspread, waiting for the ombuza to assault him. I could close my eyes and imagine him so vividly that it seemed as if I was there myself, protesting, making myself heard, and standing up for the cause of liberation.
The incident raised the political temperature at Saint Teresa School. The popular view amongst my fellow scholars was that the INGN was composed of sell-outs and puppets. However, not everyone thought like that. Some of the scholars were related to traditional leaders, or to the new breed of politicians and civil servants that had been raised up to oppose the KNF and to support the governor’s plans for what was called ‘an internal solution.’ Others were members of some of the smaller ethnic groups that saw little advantage in supporting the KNF. Their land rights were protected by the colonial power and, in their opinion, ‘One Keretani, One Nation’ would mean one big land grab by larger and more powerful groups.
Soon after the installation of the Internal Government, there was an outbreak of protests amongst the schools in the northern border region. This was where support for the KNF was the strongest – so strong, in fact, that there was not even one chief who dared to voice his opposition to the KNF. Although the local police managed to make a few baton charges and arrests at some of the bigger schools, they couldn’t cope with such a widespread and concerted demonstration. They had to ask the ombuza and the army to provide reinforcements. But by the time a convoy of whining, bumping vehicles reached a school, the demonstrating scholars had dispersed.
The ombuza and the army were just getting organized when, after three days, the demonstrations ended. On the fourth day, the scholars were back at their desks. At Saint Teresa School, we heard about the demonstrations almost as soon as they started. News traveled quickly by means of the mini-buses and taxis that moved incessantly between Fort Marnay and all regions of Keretani. Also, many of the scholars came from the northern regions and were in continual contact with events there. Leaflets appeared on campus, praising the demonstrators for being true patriots and urging the scholars of Saint Teresa School to take action in support of their comrades. During break times and after school, groups gathered everywhere, discussing the situation. In class, the mood was sullen and the library, which usually bustled with activity, was deserted. The atmosphere was heavy, as before a thunderstorm.
On the second morning of the demonstrations in the north, the school assembly took place as usual. But today there were visitors sitting on the stage alongside the staff. One of the newcomers was Miss Renkula. She looked confident, even radiant, in her electric blue business suit, shiny nyloned legs and high heels while her hair was plaited close to her scalp in the Africanist style that was favoured by women who had the money and time for it. Dark glasses dangled before the deep V-front of her blouse and large golden earrings shone against the gleam of her skin. Her snakeskin handbag matched her shoes.
Nozam said appreciatively, ‘It looks like she’s doing well.’ In spite of my antipathy towards her, I had to agree. Nozam continued, ‘I hear that the new ministry is paying good salaries.’ I just grunted. Seeing Miss Renkula again brought back unpleasant memories. Nozam added, ‘She made a good move.’
I said, ‘Maybe. But working for the Internal Government is risky.’
Nozam replied, ‘Maybe she believes in what they’re doing.’
‘Maybe she does.’
As usual, Mr. Renarte began the assembly with a Bible reading. Today it was the parable of the prodigal son. In his homily, Mr. Renarte stressed that the father received the son with open arms in spite of the son’s many misadventures. This, said Mr. Renarte, was the attitude of all those in authority towards errant children who returned to the fold. The homily was followed by a hymn, which was followed by a prayer. Next Mr. Renarte introduced the guests. He described Miss Renkula as a notable graduate of the teacher training college in Fort Marnay and an educationist with a distinguished career. As a deputy director in the Department of Education and Culture, Miss Renkula was a pioneer who was carving out a road from which everyone would benefit.
Next, Mr. Renarte introduced the other visitor as a businessman. He, said Mr. Renarte fawningly, was not only the owner of a prosperous industrial enterprise and an employer of a number of graduates of Saint Teresa School but was also a man who gave generously of his money and time to support education. Mr. Renarte explained that the man had served for more than ten years as a trustee of the Fuiox Trust Fund.
While Mr. Renarte was making the introductions, a low murmur began in the back corners of the hall, like the sound of a swarm of bees in distant trees. The noise moved forward down the rows of scholars, picking up volume as it went. Soon an ominous humming sound filled the hall. Mr. Renarte stopped, glaring out over the hall. The scholars looked back at him innocently while the sound continued. I joined in, surprised at how easy it was to hum quite loudly while maintaining a straight face. Nozam dug me in the ribs and hissed, ‘Stop that, man!’ I ignored him. Mr. Renarte said, sharply, ‘Stop that noise!’ When his words had no effect, he turned around and gave instructions to the teachers who moved off the stage and lined the sides of the hall. The humming sound stopped, although there were a few outbreaks in the centre of the hall where it was difficult to identify the perpetrators.
When order had been restored, Miss Renkula was invited to speak. She told the audience that the people of Keretani were fortunate to have their own Internal Government of National Concord: ‘It is not yet a properly elected, democratic government, but, my dear young people, we must walk before we can run. Let us join hands and move forward together. In time, with patience and hard work, we will all get what we want for our beloved Keretani.’
This provoked another outbreak of humming, which also faded away under the hawkish scrutiny of the staff. Miss Renkula stood there smiling easily, as if the force of her confidence and goodwill could turn even the most ingrained skeptic into a believer. She finished by saying that opportunities for well-educated people were opening up all over: ‘My dear young people, the future leaders of our wonderful nation, this is indeed a time of challenge and opportunities. It is also a time for important decisions.’ Miss Renkula waved an elegant hand around the hall and proclaimed effusively, ‘You see the great benefits and privileges that you enjoy. You see what is expected of you. You see the possibilities. Do not disappoint us.’
Then the businessman spoke. Briefly and bluntly, he reminded the scholars that the Fuiox Trust Fund not only contributed significantly to the school’s budget but also provided financial support to more than one-third of the scholars. He said that the trustees were concerned about the possibility that scholars might be led astray by the temptations of politics; if that happened, he said, their scholarships would be withdrawn immediately. He wagged his finger, nodded brusquely, and sat down.
Mr. Renarte concluded the assembly by saying that Saint Teresa School was fortunate to have such devoted and influential friends. He advised the scholars to give careful consideration to what they had said. Finally, he asked the assembled company to stand. We got to our feet, shuffling our feet, looking around apprehensively, wondering what was going to happen next. Suddenly, from loudspeakers around the hall, the new Keretani Interim National Anthem blared forth:

Keretani, happy, happy land,
Where tribes and people mingle free,
Where highland forests waving stand,
And coasts are washed by tropic sea –
Oh Keretani we love thee
And pledge our loyalty given free –
Oh, Keretani, Keretani,
Oh, happy, happy land.

There were three more verses in similar vein. Glared at by the teachers lining the walls of the hall, we stood while the Keretani Interim National Anthem thundered at us. Although some scholars began to hum defiantly, the strident volume of the anthem drowned them out. When it was over, Mr. Renarte announced that in future the anthem would be played and sung at every school assembly.
As we made our way to our class, Nozam and I were called aside. Miss Renkula wanted to speak to us. She shook our hands enthusiastically and cried, ‘Nozam! Kerem! I saw you in the hall. How are you?’
‘We’re fine, Miss Renkula.’
She beamed at us effusively. ‘Good, good! Oh yes, you do look well. That is good to see. And the principal tells me that you’re dong very well at your studies.’
‘Yes Miss Renkula.’
She stood back, looking at us, smiling graciously all the while. I noticed that she emitted waves of a powerful, musky perfume that surrounded her like an aura in the humid heat. As we shook hands, I had to suppress a smile. I was thinking that only the bravest and most determined insect would penetrate a protective shield like the one that surrounded Miss Renkula.
Beaming proprietarily, she said, ‘We are very proud of you, you know.’
‘Yes, Miss Renkula.’
She leaned closer and said confidentially, ‘I have been looking at the statistics. It is not so good for us. Do you know why?’ We shook our heads. She continued, ‘Scholars from the highlands are under-represented at Saint Teresa School. Did you know that?’
‘No, Miss Renkula.’
‘Well, it is a fact. They are badly under-represented, actually. We have to do something about that. We can’t let these other tribes and other regions think that we’re undeveloped, can we?’ She pushed her dark glasses down her nose and looked at us questioningly. We shook our heads again. ‘As it is, you know what some people say about us. Don’t you? They say that we are so far behind the rest of the country that we will never catch up. You’ve heard people saying that, haven’t you?’ Her tongue flickered across her lips. She demanded, ‘You have heard that?’
‘Yes, Miss Renkula.’
‘That’s why people like you are so important. You are an example for other scholars, to show them what’s possible, to give them something to aim at. Do you understand that?’
‘Yes, Miss Renkula.’
‘I hope that you really do understand what I’m saying.’ She peered at us closely as if she was trying to infiltrate our thoughts. ‘I would hate for you to let me down. I would hate for you to disappoint all those people who are depending on you, by doing something silly.’ She stood back, adjusted her dark glasses, and said, ‘If you do well at Saint Teresa School, it’s very possible that I can help you. Perhaps I could get you a job in the new civil service. Or perhaps I could help you to get an overseas scholarship.’ She waggled a finger. ‘We people from the highlands have to stick together. Do you hear me?’
‘Yes, Miss Renkula.’
She nodded and walked away, swaying on her shiny stiletto-heeled shoes. She slithered into her gleaming car, said something to the driver, waved at us from behind her dark glasses, and drove off.
After the events of the early morning, there was an air of tension on the campus. Most of the scholars were sullen and uncooperative, doing only what was necessary to keep out of trouble. At mid-morning, we heard the whine of armored troop carriers. The ombuza had set up a roadblock outside the main gate and their vehicles began patrolling the roads around the school.
Wherever we were on the campus, even in class, we could hear the whining roar of the engines. The menacing presence did not improve the scholars’ mood, which became even more sullen and truculent.
After school ended, I joined the crowd of scholars at the front gate. Four of the ombuza stood across the entrance, cradling their guns, staring at us impassively from under their grey-green helmets. Beyond them, there were four troop carriers and a group of about twenty more ombuza. I asked the person next to me, ‘What’s going on?’
She replied, ‘The ombuza are refusing to allow any scholar to leave the grounds. They’ve blockaded the whole school. Only the staff can leave.’
‘How long will this last?’
The girl shook her head. ‘Who knows?’
‘They haven’t said anything?’
‘No. They just stand there, and we stand here.’ She clucked her tongue and said loudly, ‘They are making us prisoners in our own school.’
A group of prefects stepped forward into the space between the ombuza and us. They looked around uncertainly, as if they wanted to take the lead, but didn’t know what they should do. After some whispering and jostling, one of them stepped forward. It was Nenkoseni, the boy whose name was sometimes associated with the disappearance of Lokusi. Nenkoseni put up his hands for silence and addressed us. ‘Comrades, this is an act of intimidation. They want us to provoke them. Don’t give them what they want. They control the gates and the streets but we control our own minds and hearts. Be determined, be dignified, be disciplined.’
Someone shouted, ‘Viva Nenkoseni, the people’s leader.’
Someone else shouted, ‘Down, ombuza down!’ There was some nervous laughter before others took up the chant: ‘Down, ombuza, down!’
Nenkoseni put up his hands for silence and shouted, ‘No, comrades! Don’t provoke them. That’s what they want. Don’t play into their hands.’ He half-turned to face the nearest ombuza, who was standing only about three metres from him. Nenkoseni gestured at the man and said, ‘You see, they are black like us, but they are agents of the colonialists. They are here to do their masters’dirty work.’
The ombuza grunted and took a step towards Nenkoseni but retreated when the man next to him growled something at him. Nenkoseni stood his ground and pointed towards the school buildings, saying, ‘Move away. Disperse. Go and have your lunch. Don’t come near the gates. We will plan our response.’
After lunch, the senior scholars stood around in small groups, talking in low voices. Something was going to happen but we didn’t know what. Soon a column of scholars set out from the boys’ hostel, marching three abreast towards the girls’ hostel. In response, the commander of the ombuza force opened the school gates and his men formed up outside. The vehicles also moved closer. A column of girls joined the boys, and the combined column headed for the school gates. They marched in silence with arms linked. At the gates, the scholars formed a semi-circle, facing the bristling ranks of the ombuza. There was a long silence as the two groups faced each other. Then, suddenly, the scholars broke into song. They were singing the new Interim National Anthem:

Keretani, happy, happy land,
Where tribes and peoples mingle free,
Where highland forests waving stand…

While they sang all three verses of the anthem, the commander of the ombuza moved forward and peered at them in bewilderment. He took off his helmet and scratched his head, clearly wondering what he should do about a group of students who were doing no more than singing the Interim National Anthem. 
I was standing over to one side amongst a group of junior students and the boy next to me said, ‘It’s brilliant!’
 ‘Hmm? What is?’
‘They’re singing the Interim National Anthem. They’re allowed to do that, aren’t they?’
‘Sure, they’re allowed to. But what’s the point of it?’
He looked closely at me as if he knew something. Grinning conspiratorially, he said, ‘Just you wait – you’ll see. Those bastards out there won’t know what to do.’
The vice-principal pushed his way past us, talking into a walkie-talkie. I edged nearer to him and heard him say, ‘They’re singing, sir…No, sir, not protest songs…Yes, sir, I’m sure. Yes, I do know protest songs when I hear them.’ He listened for a while, muttering ‘Uh-huh,’ and then said, ‘They’re singing the Interim National Anthem…Yes, sir, that’s correct. That is what I said – the anthem.’ There was a squawk from the other side. The vice-principal held the walkie-talkie away from his ear for about half a minute and then put it back to his ear, listened, and then replied, ‘Yes, that’s right… Yes, sir, they do seem to know all the words.’
There was a flurry of irascible squawks on the other end after which the vice-principal said in a resigned tone, ‘Yes, sir, I’ll keep you informed.’ He sighed, rolled his eyes, and lowered the walkie-talkie. Catching my eye, he roared, ‘Hey, you – Kerem! What are you looking at?’ I moved away quickly.
When the group finished singing the anthem they marched back towards the main school building. Then they began to sing the anthem again. But this time the singing was subtly different. It was no longer crisp and direct: now the singers began to drag the words out, emphasizing the key words like ‘happy, happy’, ‘loyalty’, and ‘given free’. Then they sang the anthem for a third time, now so slowly and in such a dirge-like fashion that it became melancholy and ironical.
By now they were ranged in a semi-circle in front of the clock tower, facing the members of staff who were gawking at them over the balcony. Mr. Renarte was also there, leaning over, glaring at the students, his expression a mixture of bewilderment, anger, and frustration. What was going through his mind? Was he thinking that, after all, it was he who had announced, just that very morning, that in future the Interim National Anthem would be sung at every school assembly? Was he cursing the school’s governing council for putting him into such a position? Was he wishing that he was far, far away from this accursed place – perhaps with an ocean between it and him?
Still ranged in front of the main building, the group of scholars sang the anthem for the forth time. This time, it was sung so slowly, in such a mournful fashion, with such a dragging-out of key words that it sounded like a mournful chant. Then the group dispersed.
The routine was repeated on the two following days. However, each time the anthem was sung, there was a fresh nuance. The boys in the group began to add deep bass sounds, so that an air of menace hung over the singing. On the third day, the tune was Africanized, thoroughly transformed from the original, European-type musical composition.
In response, the Interim Government met in a special session and passed a law that permitted only the authorized version of the anthem to be sung in public. The legislation was accompanied by an addendum that contained the music and words of the approved version, together with notations that indicated the approved tempo.
On the fourth day, the column of scholars marched down to the gates. The numbers had been swelling from day to day, and now there were about two hundred and fifty scholars involved – almost all of the seniors, in fact. The column wheeled into a semi-circle again. However, before they began singing, they were interrupted by an announcement over a loudhailer. It was the officer in change of the ombuza, informing them that they were participating in an illegal gathering. He ordered them to disperse immediately. When the scholars ignored him and began singing the Interim National Anthem, the squad of ombuza, clad in full riot control gear, moved through the gates and took up a position about fifteen meters from the group. There was a rattling noise as the ombuza primed and aimed their weapons. Behind them, the officer was saying something over the loudhailer. However, there was so much noise that no one could hear what he was saying. Then the officer barked an order. The squad fired a salvo of rubber bullets into the scholars, unleashed their plastic whips, and charged. Some of the scholars dropped immediately, struck by the rubber bullets, while the ombuza laid into the rest of them, lasing and slashing with their whips, clubbing with the butts of their guns, kicking the scholars who lay on the ground.
Screaming and yelling, the scholars fled for the safety of their dormitories. They were pursued all the way. Even people who were merely lounging about outside the dormitories were attacked. Then, after a few minutes of mayhem, the officer blew a blast on a whistle and suddenly there was silence as the ombuza withdrew to the front gate, passing by the scenes of their assaults without even glancing at the jumble that remained there. The ground was strewn with the castoff possessions of the routed scholars: spectacles, watches, ornaments, headgear, even shoes. A few scholars still lay there, writhing in pain. The ombuza ignored all of it and took up their positions outside the gates, again forming a menacing line of stony-faced, armed men.
There was one immediate result of this incident: never again was the Interim National Anthem played during school assemblies.
Unrest had been unleashed and, like the dogs of war, it would not easily be reined back. At the end of the week, the harbor workers in Fort Marnay went on strike. No one seemed to know who was organizing the strike, what the demands were, or for how long it was to last. Perhaps it was, truly, a spontaneous act of resistance. For three days the docks were almost at a standstill. Next, without advance notice, most of the taxis suddenly disappeared from the streets of the city. This brought industrial and commercial operations to a near standstill because workers relied on taxis to transport them between the city centre and their homes in the distant townships.
The security police raided the homes of taxi drivers, but they only found that a sudden and coincidental collapse of shock absorbers, gaskets, brake linings, gearboxes, radiators and other crucial parts had overtaken most of the taxis at one and the same time. Although the security police beat up some of the drivers, especially the cheeky ones, the vehicles stayed off the road.
At Saint Teresa School, the defeated scholars re-grouped in an air of crisis and conspiracy. Everywhere, groups huddled in discussion.
Out of the blue, Nozam approached me one afternoon. He took me to one side and said, ‘I hope you’re not going to get involved in this thing.’
I replied, ‘I don’t know.’
‘But you’re thinking about it?’ I nodded. Nozam said, ‘My advice is, forget about it. Don’t get involved.’
I was annoyed that Nozam thought that he had a mandate to advise me about what I should do. What gave him the right to do so? What gave him the right to be so patronizing? His father’s money? His own sense of superiority? I replied angrily, ‘Look, Nozam, I’ll take my own decision without any input from you. Anyway, don’t you think that colonialism and oppression have something to do with you?’
Nozam waved a hand dismissively. ‘Sure! They have plenty to do with me. But the question is whether this agitating and protesting is going to do any good.’
‘What else will do any good?’
Faced with this question, Nozam avoided my gaze, scuffed the point of a shoe in the dirt, hunched his shoulders, and said, ‘We have an interim government. We should give them a chance.’
‘What? Those puppets? Are you serious?’
‘Of course. It’s the path of evolution, not revolution.’
‘Evolution? What does that mean?’
‘It means that the interim government will lead us towards independence gradually. Keretani will be prepared for it step by step. That way there won’t be all this corruption and inefficiency and military rule and what-what like you see in the other African countries that got independence by revolution.’
‘How long will this evolution take?’
‘As long as is necessary.’ This time Nozam did look me in the eye, defiantly.
The conversation ended there. I walked away, thinking about a conversation that I had had with my father when I had been home for a vacation a few weeks earlier. My father asked me, ‘Are you still friends with Nozam?’
I replied, ‘Yes, dada, sort of. Not close friends but – well, yes, I see him quite a lot. It’s like he wants to keep contact with me. I don’t know why, but he does.’
My father nodded and tapped out some snuff. He took a pinch, sniffed, and then asked, ‘Do you discuss politics with him?’
‘Yes, dada, sometimes.’
My father gave me a measured look. ‘Hmm – sometimes, eh?’ Then he said, ‘They say that Nozam’s father has friends in the interim government. In fact, they say that he’s just clinched a big business deal with their assistance.’
‘What sort of deal, dada?’
My father said, ‘The government has started logging operations over by Funhulsi. They have to pay for this war somehow. Nozam’s father has been awarded the contract to transport all the wood. They say he’ll triple the size of his fleet in six months. He’ll be the richest businessman in the whole of the highlands – if he isn’t that already.’
I understood what my father was telling me. It explained a lot about Nozam’s attitude towards protests, colonialism, and resistance.
Just after breakfast on Monday morning, the sound of a voice over a loudhailer alerted us to the fact that the second act of resistance was about to commence. Someone wearing nondescript clothes, his face covered by a balaclava, was shouting into the loudhailer: ‘Comrades! Comrade scholars! Today we begin a three-day boycott of classes. Today we show solidarity with the patriotic struggle for liberation. No one should attempt to enter the senior classroom block during teaching hours. Boycott classes, comrades! No one enters the teaching block!’
The same message was repeated in front of the girls’hostel.
Almost immediately, senior scholars began to move out of the hostels towards the classroom block. Soon the crowd ranged right across the front of the building. They raised placards and began to sing while a crowd of junior scholars, including me, stood around on the outskirts of the group.
Mr. Renarte hurried up to the demonstrators and shouted, ‘What’s going on here?’
Nenkoseni stepped forward and said politely, ‘This is a boycott, sir.’
Mr. Renarte shouted in fury, ‘Are you mad? Go to class immediately and stop blocking the entrance!’
Nenkoseni was polite and almost deferential as he replied, ‘I’m sorry, sir, this is a boycott. If we go to classes, sir, it won’t be a boycott.’
‘Well, that’s the way it should be! A boycott! This is absolute nonsense! A boycott! It’s unheard of! I’m telling you for the last time, go to classes immediately and we’ll forget all about this.’
There was a low hum of disagreement from the crowd. Nenkoseni looked around and then said patiently, ‘No, sir, we can’t do that. We have decided that this boycott will last for three days. We are supporting our comrades in the north as well as our worker comrades. After three days, we will go back to classes.’ When Mr. Renarte raised his arms heaven-ward in a gesture of frustration, Nenkoseni said, almost pleadingly. ‘You must see, sir, that our cause is a just one.’
At this, Mr. Renarte clenched his fists even tighter and went red in the face. He was going to say something – probably another outburst of rage – but when he looked at the crowd, he bit back his words. He snorted, once again raised his arms skywards in exasperation, turned around, and left the scene.
Nozam joined me and we stood there silently, looking on.
After a while, Nozam whispered to me, ‘It doesn’t concern us.’
‘Why not?’
‘It’s aimed at the senior teaching block. That’s not where we have classes.’
I said nothing. However, like most of those present, I knew that I was on the verge of a moment when some decisive act could make a difference. Just then, one of the senior boys beckoned to us. Together with a group of other junior scholars, I followed him to where a group of seniors was standing under a tree.
The boy said, ‘You all have classes in the junior teaching block? Right?’ We nodded. The boy said, ‘Our boycott isn’t aimed directly at the junior block. That’s because we want to focus on one place at one time. But we’re asking you to show your support.’

Someone asked, ‘How, comrade?’
‘You can join the demonstration. Or you can just boycott your own classes. Either way, you’ll be good comrades.’ He walked off, heading back to the senior block while we stood there uncertainly and in silence. There was such a fear of informers and spies that people wouldn’t speak openly unless they knew exactly who they were dealing with.
Nozam plucked at my sleeve and drew me to one side where he said, ‘Well, there you have it! You heard him, Kerem. He said that this boycott doesn’t concern us.’
‘That’s not what he said.’
Nozam replied, ‘Well, it’s good enough for me.’
‘It’s not enough for me. He asked us to contribute.’
Nozam seized me by my sleeve, saying urgently, ‘Forget about it, Kerem.’ I shook Nozam off and walked towards the dormitory while Nozam called after me: ‘Hey, man! Classes are about to begin! You’re going the wrong way.’
I shouted back over my shoulder: ‘Maybe it’s the right way.’

EIGHT: A TURNING POINT

The Interim Government of National Concord had not been idle. They passed their third piece of legislation during an emergency meeting of the legislative assembly during the weekend. The new legislation, ironically titled the ‘Right to Freedom of Expression Act’, stated that while it was a fundamental human right to boycott or to strike, it was also a fundamental human right not to be intimidated into doing so. Therefore it was an offence against the law to persuade anyone to boycott or to strike.
At school, no one knew about the new law. It probably wouldn’t have made any difference anyway, even if it had been widely known.
The boycott of classes went ahead and the entrance to the senior teaching building was completely blocked by the demonstrators. Nevertheless, a few scholars who opposed the boycott tried to make their way into the building to attend classes. The demonstrators jeered at them and, when they couldn’t enter by the front door, about twenty of the strike-breakers entered through the side entrance. Mr. Renarte had instructed the staff to proceed with lessons as normal and the teachers looked variously embarrassed, defiant and contemptuous as they walked into the building through a small lane that the boycotters opened for them to pass through.
Only about half of the scholars attended classes in the junior teaching block. The teachers tried to go ahead as normal, in spite of the empty desks and the general air of tension. I attended the first class but after that I walked out of the building and spent the next hour lying on my bed in the dormitory, thinking about the situation. However, predictably, Nozam attended all of the classes.
During mid-morning, Mr. Renarte summoned the school prefects to his study. I got the details later, from what some of the prefects told us as well as from what Mr. Renarte said in court. Mr. Renarte opened the meeting by firing a salvo, saying, ‘Quite frankly, this is a very serious situation. The future of the school is at stake, not to mention your own futures, and the futures of everyone elsewhere who is involved. I’m surprised to see that you prefects are involved in this sort of thing. You ought to be setting an example for the rest of the scholars. Instead what do we find? You’re amongst the worst offenders! Some of you are leading this –’ He paused to gather himself, then said, with a grimace of distaste, ‘– this boycott, as you call it. What do you have to say for yourselves?’ There was no reply. Some of the prefects were looking down at the floor, avoiding Mr. Renate’s gaze while others were looking at him guardedly. ‘Well, what do you have to say? Still there was no reply. Mr. Renarte said, ‘You – Nenkoseni! You seem to be a spokesman for this thing. What do you say?’
‘No, sir I am not a spokesman.’
Mr. Renarte rolled his eyes in a heaven-help-me manner. Then he gathered himself and asked, ‘Well, spokesman or not, what do you have to say?’
‘It is a boycott, sir.’
Mr. Renarte roared at him: ‘Yes, I know that! Don’t be a simpleton! Do you think I don’t see what’s going on?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Then who is the ringleader?’
‘There is no ringleader, sir.’
Mr. Renarte exhaled forcefully. ‘Are you saying that this whole thing just came out of thin air? Did it just happen by magic?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Then what – who?’
‘It is the will of the people, sir.’
‘What? The what?’
‘It’s the will of the people, sir.’
‘I heard you the first time! Don’t repeat yourself.’ Mr. Renarte leaned even further forward, both fists firmly planted on his desk, and bellowed, ‘This is nonsense! Absolute nonsense! It’s not the will of the people – whoever they might be. I know very well that it has been organized right here on campus. It’s the will of –of the –’ He searched for the right expression, all the time wagging an accusing finger. ‘I’ll tell you what it is – it’s the will of you lot. It’s the will of the prefects. The people! Ha! The will of the prefects! Yes, quite frankly, that’s what it is! And I want it stopped right now!’
Nenkoseni said, ‘That is not possible, sir. It will last for three days. That is what the people have decided and that is what must happen.’
Mr. Renarte breathed heavily and responded, ‘Look here, quite frankly, you don’t seem to understand what sort of dangerous game you’re playing. First of all, you’re endangering your own education. The school council might decide to suspend classes. There could be even worse implications. The school could close for an unspecified period or it could lose the support of its donors. And then where would we be, with more than half of our income cut off? Do you understand that?’
‘Yes, sir, we do.’
‘Well, then, end this thing at once!’
‘We are sorry, sir, but we can’t do that. We have to show solidarity with the people.’
Mr. Renarte struggled to contain himself. ‘And, what’s more, you’re inviting further action by the security forces. Is that what you want – people being chased all over the campus, being beaten up, being injured? It’s happened once already, you know. Do you want it to happen again?’
‘No, sir. It is not a nice thing to happen.’
‘Well, then –?’The prefects looked at Mr. Renarte, and he looked at them. Then Nenkoseni said, ‘It won’t happen if someone doesn’t invite the ombuza onto the campus, sir.’ The prefects glanced at each other. There were a few covert grins. Nenkoseni said, ‘We know that the ombuza will only come onto the campus if they are requested to do so. That is what happened the other day when the ombuza assaulted us. We would prefer that not to happen again, sir. It is very unpleasant for everyone when the ombuza come on to the campus.’
The meeting ended without resolution.
Next morning, before breakfast, Mr. Renarte summoned Nenkoseni. He said, ‘There was a special meeting of the school council last night. I have to tell you that the council decided that one way or another, this thing must end today.’
‘I am not the spokesman, sir.’
‘Perhaps not. But you’d better tell the others what I’ve just said.’
On the evening of the first day, I made up my mind. Now I knew where I stood in this matter. I said to Nozam, ‘I’m going to join the boycott.’ I didn’t want his advice or opinion but I guess I felt an obligation to inform him because he was a homeboy and an age mate. There was still that much of a link between us.
Nozam said, ‘You must be crazy! You’ll get suspended from classes, maybe even expelled from the school.’
‘I hope not. But I can’t just stand on the sidelines. Don’t you see that, Nozam?
‘Why not?’
 ‘Because it’s a just cause. That’s why I can’t just stand by and watch.’
Nozam’s face clouded and he looked away. He said sulkily, ‘Maybe it is, maybe it isn’t. But what do you think you can do? Do you think it will make any difference, whatever you do?’
‘No. Not me alone.’
‘Then, why–?’
‘Nobody can make a difference, not one person on their own. It’s only when people stand together that they can make a difference.’
Nozam said, scornfully, ‘Oh, yes, you will make a difference when you’re suspended from classes, or expelled – or even, maybe, sitting in the detention cells.’
‘I hope that won’t happen.’
Nozam was still scornful. ‘You know what the trouble with you is, Kerem? The trouble is that you’re an idealist. Well, don’t come running to me for help when you’re in trouble.’
In anger, I retorted, ‘Don’t worry, Nozam, I won’t. That’s for sure.’
Nozam snorted, gave a dismissive shrug, and walked away.
On the second day, just after breakfast, again the demonstrators gathered in front of the senior teaching block. Now, about half of all the scholars at the school were involved. I was one of the newcomers.
Mr. Renarte walked over and addressed us. He said, ‘I’m here to tell you that the school council has instructed me to say that this thing must end right now. Quite frankly, it won’t be tolerated any longer.’ There was silence. No one spoke. Mr. Renarte said, ‘You don’t have a choice. It must end right now.’
Someone shouted, defiantly, ‘Or what?’
Mr. Renarte replied, ‘Quite frankly, you know the potential consequences as well as I do.’ He turned and walked away then he stopped and said, ‘For the sake of the school, and for your own futures, I advise you reconsider your actions. That’s all that I have to say.’ There was no reply as Mr. Renarte left the scene. Then the singing started again.
I was standing on the outskirts of the crowd. I didn’t really know what I was supposed to do. Nothing very much, judging by what I had seen the previous day – it was enough that you were there to be counted, to commit yourself, to show solidarity.
I wasn’t the only one who was new to the ways of boycotts and protests. The girl next to me asked, ‘What next?’
I shrugged and replied, ‘I don’t know. I’m new here myself.’
We grinned at each other and the girl asked, ‘What do you think the principal will do?’
I replied, ‘Nothing much. What can he do?’ But I wasn’t so sure. There was a tingling in my spine and across my scalp, and my lips were dry. Whatever happened, I just hoped that I was strong enough to face it. Part of me hoped that I would not be put to the test. But, on the other hand, part of me wanted there to be a test so that I would know how I would face up to it. I guess it was like that for young initiates who had to kill a lion or an eland or some other animal to prove their manhood. One part of their being must have been shouting out silently, ‘Let there be no animal!’, and another part of them must have been running forward eagerly to meet the test.
Someone started to sing a protest song, one that I hadn’t heard before. These songs were springing up all over. A song became popular and soon no one could remember where it came from or how it got started. New words, verses and rhythms would be added. They became part of the popular possessions of protest and struggle.
I started to sing along, learning the words and the tune. Normally, I didn’t like singing in public because I didn’t have a good voice. But, standing there in the cool early morning air, surrounded by the support and camaraderie of my fellows, I felt free to let myself go. Someone went out in front of the crowd and did an energetic dance to the music, while others gathered around, clapping and whistling, urging the dancer on. Then the singing stopped and Nenkoseni stepped out in front, gestured for silence, and said, ‘Comrades, whatever happens, I want you to remember why you are here. You are not here as individuals. You are here as comrades of the people of Keretani. Be brave, be determined, be disciplined – and also be dignified. Remember who you are and remember who you are representing.’
Someone shouted, ‘Why are you telling us these things?’
Nenkoseni raised his hands for silence. He said, ‘We have already had the ombuza on this campus once. We saw what they can do. And I can tell you that we haven’t seen the last of them.’
At this, people began chanting, ‘Down, ombuza! Down! Ombuza down!’
Nenkoseni stood there with his head a little to one side, looking at us earnestly. When he could speak again, he said, ‘You heard what the school principal said just now. Believe me, comrades, it was a warning. It won’t be long before we find out what the warning means. Remember – be determined, be disciplined, be dignified.’ He raised his arm with a clenched fist and shouted, ‘Keretani shall be free!’
We all echoed his shout. As I joined in the shout, feeling the power of our togetherness, I wanted our message to be heard all over the world. I wanted people everywhere to know that our cause was just. I wanted them to know that we were young, strong, and determined to prevail.
We could also be heard outside the gates, where a unit of the ombuza was assembling right then. Within minutes, armored troop carriers swept onto the campus. They stopped at the corners of the senior teaching block and they wheeled around the back of the library and the main administration building. Then the ombuza poured out of the vehicles. They formed up in single lines, blocking all exits from the main square.
Faced with the menacing line of assailants, everyone took up the chant, ‘Down, ombuza! Down! Ombuza, down!’ Those who had been involved in the earlier attack by the ombuza expected the same procedure: the warnings over the loudhailer, the kneeling line of marksmen, the rubber bullets, then the charge with plastic whips flailing. With luck, you could duck and run.
But this time it was different. The ombuza moved forward at a quick trot, fanning out so that they formed an unbroken semi-circle. They closed in on us, hard-faced under their helmets, so that we were like animals penned against a cliff by a line of beaters.
The singing and chanting stopped. Into the silence, Nenkoseni shouted, ‘Remember, comrades. Discipline! Dignity!’ There was no time for any more because the ombuza had reached the front of the crowd. Now they slashed with their whips, and where they didn’t have enough space to get in a good swing, they clubbed with truncheons. Scholars screamed, covered their faces, and turned their backs. But there was no protection and no shield against the violence that swept into us. The whips cut into soft and yielding flesh, biting deep, splitting open the skin like the furrows of ploughs across fertile earth, like the slash of machetes into ripe fruit. Scholars fell to the ground, bleeding, moaning, writhing, while the ombuza kicked at their heads, their kidneys and their legs – at whatever was offered as a target. They trampled over them and moved forward to the next victims, all of them trapped against the wall.
This was a new and different form of violence. It wasn’t crowd control. It was brutal assault. It was systematic injury. Resolution crumbled and we pressed backwards onto each other. A few managed who to escape through the advancing line fled across the campus, cut, bruised and bleeding. Some tried to escape through the front door of the building, crushing each other. However, most of us were immobilized by the sheer weight of bodies that pressed us back against each other and against the wall.
I was standing near the corner of the crowd, about three rows in front of the wall. The ombuza advanced towards me, cutting slashing, kicking and bludgeoning. I can still remember how I was immobilized and fascinated by the sight of fate advancing on me in the form of armored helmets, cold eyes, arms rising and falling in machine-like motion as the truncheons clubbed against flesh and bone and the plastic whips swished into naked flesh.
Above the noise, someone shouted, ‘Sit down! Sit down!’ Like everyone else around me, I sat down, covering my head with my hands, knees drawn up under my chin. The storm passed by. I heard the swish of whips, the crunch of contact, the screams and moans. Then the tumult ceased. I peered around cautiously, my head still tucked down. There were bodies lying all around, writhing, moaning and crying. The field was covered with cast-off items and the ombuza were herding scholars against the wall. Some of the ombuza were weilding rifles – real rifles, not the rubber bullet type. What to do? I decided to do nothing. I ducked my head down again, covered it with my arms, and tucked my knees even more closely under my chin.
Suddenly, I was jerked to my feet and shoved into the group standing against the wall. One of the ombuza gestured with his rifle and said, ‘You lot! Turn and face the wall!’ We did so. I thought that they were going to shoot us and I remembered Nenkoseni’s words, ‘Remember, comrades. Discipline! Dignity!’ At least it gave me something to think about, in the face of terror. Later, looking back, I was proud of my thoughts and actions at that time. I really believed that I was going to die and I resolved to do so quietly, with courage and dignity even although my heart was pounding and my knees were wobbly with fear and tension.
I could hear shouts and screams from nearby. Someone muttered, ‘They’re in the hostels. They’re beating our comrades inside the dormitories.’ Then there was silence, except for the sound of boots crunching on gravel as the ombuza returned to the main square. Next we could hear the sound of vehicles driving up, parking close by. I relaxed a little. It looked like they weren’t going to shoot us – at least, not here and now.
Someone shouted orders and the ombuza began to haul us away. They shoved us into the grille-barred vans, beating and kicking us if we were too slow. I landed on my face, sprawling. Just as I was getting up, I was knocked over by the next body that was flung into the van.
The door slammed shut. I squeezed onto the wooden seat that ran down one side of the van and twisted my neck to look out. It wasn’t easy, because grilles and mesh covered the windows. However, I could see that the ombuza were still hauling my comrades into the vans, kicking, shoving, beating and cursing.
The sound of singing came from the van in front of us. At first, the sound was uncertain and tentative but soon it picked up volume as more voices joined in:

Oh why oh why, do we suffer?
Whose fault, whose fault, is this?
Oh people, oh people, stand firm,
Freedom, oh freedom, will come.

Soon the song was echoing from all the vans, strong and powerful, the voices of the girls rising high, the bass tones of the boys seeming to cause the floors of the vans to reverberate. I joined in. Later, I might die. Who knew? Right now, I would sing in defiance. They might silence us but they would never suppress what we stood for.
A face peered in, right behind me. It was one of the ombuza. Under his helmet, the sweat was glistening translucently against his dark skin. I noticed that he had the thick, fleshy appearance and strong, muscular definition of a heavyweight fighter. The man pushed his helmet back, beat the handle of his whip against the mesh in ironic time to our song, grinned wolfishly, and said, ‘Yes, comrades, sing! Enjoy it. You’ll be singing on the other side of your face just now.’ He spat, said, ‘Comrades!’ contemptuously, and walked away. Most of the spittle caught on the mesh, but some of it landed on my neck. I shivered. It was like being violated by the venom of a poisonous snake.
The vans started up and soon we were out on the public roads, driving fast, with sirens blaring. The singing began to taper off as if leaving the comparative safety of the school grounds had brought home to all of us that now we were cast adrift on a vast and uncharted sea of malevolence.
The convoy skirted the city at speed before it slowed down and turned into gates between double rows of barbed-wire fences. Someone said, ‘This isn’t the central prison’ and someone else said, ‘At least we’re not being treated like common criminals.’ There was nervous laughter. The boy across the way from me said morosely, ‘We should be so lucky!’
The ombuza hauled us out of the vans, grabbing us by our arms, collars, anything that came to hand. They shouted, ‘Girls will stay behind! The rest of you – out! Get out! Scum! You think you’re safe in your classrooms now? Out!’
We stumbled out and were pointed in the direction of the nearest door.The ombuza were shouting, ‘Run! Don’t walk!’ I managed to take a quick look around. It was clearly an industrial area: I could see smokestacks, cranes, power lines, and high roofs with grimy windows. Then the end of the whip flicked across my legs and a voice shouted, ‘Run!’ I ran.
The foyer of the building was large and gloomily cavernous, its high walls covered with dark brown quarry tiles. To the left was a counter, just a cavity in the wall, protected by shatterproof glass. To the right was a small alcove, lined with padded benches. There was also a door that led to the interior of the building.
Three men in uniform stood facing us as we bundled into the foyer. The external door clanged shut and one of the men raised a hand for silence. The man said, ‘Sit down! Sit on the floor! All of you!’ We did so. Then there was complete silence.
The interior door opened and a man came in. He was wearing a dark suit with a floral tie and matching handkerchief that protruded nattily from his breast pocket. His reddish hair was cropped short and his face was freckled and sallow while his eyes were pale blue, almost milky. He sported a luxuriant moustache, as red as his hair, that curled upwards at the edges. He stood there quietly, eyeing us menacingly.
The man gestured and the three warders stepped backwards. He said, ‘I am Colonel Noll of the security police. This is a detention centre. You have been detained under proclamation GV23. That means that you may be detained for up to three months initially, and then for further periods of three months each, as the governor may decide.’ He stopped, surveyed us grimly, and said, ‘The governor might be merciful. Be thankful for that. If it were up to me…’ He gave a tight little smile, just a quick flicker of the corners of his mouth.
One of my fellow students called out, ‘What are we guilty of?’
Noll gave the same little smile and said, ‘Under proclamation GV23 you are guilty off what we say you are guilty of.’
Someone else called out, ‘What are the charges against us?’
The same smile flickered at the corners of his mouth. But the muscles around his eyes tightened and his eyes went paler, so that they stood out even more against his freckled complexion. Colonel Noll frowned, looked at the speaker narrowly and flicked his head. One of the ombuza walked over to the speaker and stood over him, cradling his whip, looking down. He extended the butt of the whip and lifted the boy’chin slightly. Then, casually and impassively, he kicked the speaker in the stomach. The boy rolled over, doubled up, crying and groaning. The man kicked him again.
Colonel Noll said lazily, ‘Enough! He has learned his lesson.’
There was a deep, hollow silence – a wide-eyed, indrawn breath, type of silence – broken only by the cries of pain from the boy writhing on the floor. Colonel Noll tweaked the corner of his moustache, cleared his throat, and said ‘Ah!’ as if he had just had a new thought. Then he said dismissively: ‘Charges! Under GV23, there are no charges, except that we know that you are disturbing the public order and furthering the aims of a terrorist organization.’ He licked a finger and stroked it over an end of his moustache. Then he took a step forward, raised his voice and said, ‘You are not prisoners. You are being detained. Understand the difference. You will not be receiving any visitors – none whatsoever! You will not have legal representation. We need not inform anyone about your whereabouts – and nor will we.’ Colonel Noll surveyed us coolly. He was like a boxer who had just thrown a telling punch and stood back to savour the effects. Then he said, ‘You are in our power. Follow orders. Don’t make trouble. That’s my advice to you. We have more important things to do than look after a bunch of misled school children. These men here –’ he gestured to the warders – ‘they have their orders and they know what to do. Don’t provoke them. ’Colonel Noll looked at his watch, nodded to the warders, turned, and left by the internal door. It thudded shut behind him.
First, the warders wrote down our names and addresses. Then we were stripped to our underclothes, given a blanket each, and herded to the cells. The warders’ last words were, ‘You get water twice a day, you get a shower and exercise once a day, and you get food three times a day. Don’t ask for anything more because you won’t get it.’
I was in a cell that was too small for the seven people who were herded into it. There were four bunks, each containing a thin, lumpy mattress. There was an ablution bucket and there was a barred unglazed window that looked out onto an enclosed yard. The walls and floor of the cell were of rough concrete, cracked and grimy. It was not a happy prospect: seven people crowded into a too-small cell, stripped to our underclothes, with only a blanket each, and four bunks to share amongst us.
I asked, ‘How are we going to sleep?’ The bunks were so narrow that there was hardly enough room for one person.
Someone suggested, ‘Let’s toss for it. The winners get the bunks.’
I said, ‘No. That won’t work. That means that the losers won’t be able to sleep at all – not with only a blanket and a floor like this to sleep on.’
‘What then?’
I suggested, ‘Why don’t we rotate the bunks? That way at least some of us will sleep comfortably, some of the time.’
Just then, the door at the end of the passage clanged and we heard someone saying, ‘Here’s your water. Don’t spill it. After this, no more water today.’ From the cell down the way, we could hear the voices of our fellows complaining, ‘Hey, comrade water-carrier, you expect us to drink from a bucket?’
‘This cell is too small, man! Give us some new cells.’
‘Look at this blanket – it’s got holes in it. It’s filthy. You expect us to sleep with blankets like this?’
We heard the plaintive voice of the newcomer replying, ‘It’s no good to complain to me. You think I put you in the cell? Me – I just work here.’
There was more clanging and banging. The water-carrier-who-just-worked-here was making his way down the passage, cell by cell. Everywhere, he was greeted by complaints:
‘Hey, comrade, give us some food. We’re hungry.’
‘How about some exercise? We’re cramped in here, already.’
‘Comrade water-carrier, can I have an extra blanket?’
The new-comer appeared at the door of our cell, peered in, and said plaintively, ‘Hear me, you boys – no trouble now – you hear me? You behave yourselves. Show me respect. Me – I just work here.’
He was middle-aged and was dressed in nondescript khaki overalls. His face was lean and drooped everywhere, from his brow to his eyelids, his nose, his mouth, his jowls. This gave him a battered appearance as if life had fought too many rounds with him and had won all the rounds. The slightly crooked, bent shape of his nose suggested that life had landed a few bone-crunching punches as well. In response to the barrage of complaints, the look on the newcomer’s face suggested that he had heard it all before and that he would just have to bear it stoically, as part of the barrage of blows that life was in the habit of throwing at him.
He pushed a double-decker cart loaded with buckets. He leaned down, muttering to himself, and I thought I heard some familiar words. I listened carefully and then asked. ‘Do you speak Krilufi?’
He straightened slowly, rubbing his back. Peering at me and said, ‘Yes. I speak Krilufi. Do you?’
Speaking in Krilufi, I said, ‘My home village is Totudi.’
‘Totudi? You don’t say!’A smile pushed aside some of the wrinkles on the man’s face, straightening up his features. He came nearer until his nose was almost up against the bars. He peered at me and said, ‘Totudi, hey? We are neighbours. I am from Feifede.’ He shook hands with me through the bars and asked, ‘Who are your father and mother, youngster? I told him and he replied. ‘Ah! Lukile the carver! Everyone knows him. And your mother, Budi – yes, my wife knew her, from church, from the women’s fellowship.’ He straightened up, rubbing his back, and said, ‘From Totudi! Imagine that! And the son of Lukile and Budi!’ He shook hands with me again, saying, ‘My name is Ngezi. It’s good to meet you, youngster.’ He unlocked the door and put the bucket of water and a tin mug on the floor of the cell. Then he looked around and said, ‘I think you need more blankets and mattresses.’
There was a chorus of agreement from my cellmates. Ngezi said to me, ‘Youngster, you come with me. We will fetch some more.’ I followed him. He locked the cell door and we walked to the barred gate at the end of the passage where he called out, ‘Hey, big man, let us out.’ The sergeant got to his feet, muttered something, yawned, and walked over with the keys. Through the bars, he looked at me and asked Ngezi, ‘Where are you going with him?’
Ngezi replied, ‘I’m going to fetch more blankets and mattresses. This boy will help me.’
‘More blankets and mattresses? What for, hey?
Ngezi said patiently, ‘I is my job sergeant. I look after the prisoners. What happens if the captain inspects the cells and the prisoners are sick? Then the captain will say, “Ngezi, you lazy bastard, you aren’t doing your job properly.” Then I will be in big trouble.’
The sergeant looked at us doubtfully and said, ‘Well, I don’t know...”
Ngezi interrupted him: ‘Sergeant, you have your job and me, Ngezi, I have my job. If the captain comes and he thinks my work is no good – I’m telling you, he will kick my backside. You want me to lose my job, sergeant?’
The sergeant shrugged: ‘All right, suit yourself.’ He unlocked the door and let us through. Then he locked the door again, saying, ‘As for me, man – I’d leave things like they are. It’s what that bunch of damned agitators and rabble-rousers deserve. Don’t pamper them.’
Ngezi said, ‘Oh, yes, sergeant, you are right. But I must do my job. I don’t want to get in the captain’s bad books.’ He led me across the yard to the store, unlocked the door and waved me inside. He said, ‘Here you are, youngster – three mattresses and seven blankets. I will help carry them.’
I asked, ‘What about the others?’
‘The others?’
I said, ‘Yes, my comrades in the other cells. They should have the same.’
Ngezi scratched an ear. ‘No. It is too much trouble. I am doing this only for you, not for the others.’
I put down the blankets and said, ‘I’m sorry, then I can’t accept the favour. They are all my comrades. Either I take enough for everybody, or I take for nobody.’
Ngezi put his head to one side and frowned. Then he gave a deep-chested chuckle and said, ‘You are loyal to your friends. I hope that they will do the same for you one day. All right – why not? Extra blankets and mattresses for every cell, you can have them.’
‘I’ll carry them. Thank you.’
Ngezi gave another chuckle and said, ‘I can see that your parents brought you up well. Yes, that is what I would expect of a good boy from Totudi.’ He cocked a thumb towards the pile of mattresses and said, ‘Start carrying, youngster.’ Then he grinned so that, once again, his drooping features were momentarily straightened. He said, ‘The captain will be happy. He will see how well I am doing my job.’
While I was sorting out the best of the blankets, Ngezi sat down on a pile of mattresses, lit a stump of a cigarette, puffed on it, and said, ‘I am sorry that you are here.’
I said, ‘So am I.’
Ngezi looked at me appraisingly and asked, ‘You want good advice?’ I stopped counting the blankets and nodded. After another puff on the cigarette, he dropped it, stomped on it, and said in disgust. ‘You see how it is? The pay is so bad that I cannot even buy good cigarettes. I must smoke other people’s butts. How can a man survive like that?’ He clicked his tongue spat out flecks of tobacco, and said morosely, ‘These white men – they pay themselves plenty, but us poor black men …’ He wrinkled his nose and asked, ‘What was I saying?’
‘You were going to give me advice.’
‘My advice is, you keep in the background, youngster.’
‘Background?’
Ngezi walked to the door and looked out. He said, ‘They are having a tea break. They won’t come looking for us.’ He sat down and said, ‘What I mean is, do not look like one of the ringleaders. Keep quiet, keep low. That is the best, if you want to be safe.’
‘And if they think someone is a ringleader?’
He puffed his cheeks, exhaled, wagged a finger, and said, ‘Youngster, this is a terrible place. You don’t know how terrible it is. And this law GV23 is also terrible. People who come here, people like you and your friends – they don’t know this place.’ He learned towards me, saying earnestly, ‘But me – I have been here three years, and I am telling you, youngster –’ He shook his head morosely and lowered his voice. ‘I didn’t know that human beings could…’ He paused, fished around in his pants, and drew out a faded cloth that passed for a handkerchief. He blew his nose and said, ‘I am telling you youngster – terrible, terrible things.’ He blew his nose again, wagged his finger, and said. ‘Now you –seeing how we are neighbours from home, and seeing how I know who your parents are – for sure, I would not want anything to happen to you. You understand? I’m telling you – keep quiet, no noise, and lie low.’
I asked. ‘What do you mean by terrible things?’
‘Don’t ask. Believe me.’ He stuffed the cloth back into his pants, shrugged, and said, ‘Anyway, what will it help, for you to know? If they leave you alone, that’s good, because then you will not find out.’ He grinned bleakly. ‘I see how you are looking at me – maybe you don’t believe me. I will give you an example.’ He got up, looked out of the door again, nodded and said, ‘The warders are still having tea, or a smoke break, or something. It’s me who does all the work around here. “Ngezi do this, Ngezi do that” – that’s how it is around here.’ Then he added confidentially, ‘The hose treatment – that is a good example.’
‘The hose treatment? What’s that?’
‘You see that hosepipe there? It is just an ordinary garden hosepipe. A youngster like you – no, you wouldn’t even know what they do with it.’ He leaned against the wall and scratched his nose. ‘How about they cover a man’s head with a plastic bag, so that he can’t breathe properly, and then two or three of them beat him with hoses? Or how about they push a hose down a man’s throat and they pump him full of water? Or how about they stick a hose up a man’s arse?’ He waved his hands in a that’s-enough gesture. ‘You understand now? That’s why I’m saying – keep quiet, stay out of trouble, lie low.’
I asked, ‘Do you think they will – you know – do these things…?’
Ngezi shook his head. ‘No. I think not. I heard that colonel speaking – they just want to make an example of you lot. They want to stop these boycotts and what-what. I think they will leave you alone if you don’t make trouble.’
‘How long will they keep us?’
He whistled. ‘That’s a good question. You are small fish, so I think maybe they will only keep you for a week, maybe a bit longer. But I can’t say for sure.’ He stood up, gestured to the mattresses and said, ‘They will be coming to look for us soon. Let’s get going, hey?’
On our way back across the yard, I asked, ‘Why do you work here?’
Ngezi replied, ‘I am living with this woman, see? I told her I will look after her and her children. Me –I keep my word. Why do I work here? Money! That’s why I work here –money! How else must I get money to look after them?’
I asked, ‘Don’t you have anything back in the village?’
Ngezi shook his head. ‘My wife died five years ago. We had no children. A man cannot farm on his own. So I came to Fort Marnay. I thought to make a new life for myself. Now I have got this woman and her children. The village? I can’t go back. What can I do there? The chief will not give land to strangers – not to a strange woman and strange children – even if they are with me.’ He sighed. ‘Maybe I will marry her. But they will never accept her and her children in the village. She is from another tribe, down in the south. So, Fort Marnay is the best place for us. Here everybody is mixed together, people from different parts of the country, different tribes and what-what, all living together, mixed together. Yes, Fort Marnay is the best place for us.’

NINE: MAKING AN EXAMPLE

Life in the cells was dirty, uncomfortable and boring. Once every day we were allowed out to exercise for half an hour. At the same time we could splash ourselves under an open shower that emitted a thin stream of rusty water. There was no soap and there were no towels but the weather was hot and sunny, so we dried off while walking around the yard. Three times a day, Ngezi delivered our meal: thick, lumpy porridge in the morning, a flaccid gruel with hunks of bread at mid-day and thin slabs of corned beef, raw onions, and boiled beetroot in the evening. Once a day, we were allowed to empty the contents of the slop buckets.
We amused ourselves by singing protest songs and by making up new ones. At first, when we started singing, the warders stormed down the passage, beating on the bars, shouting and threatening. In return, we taunted them by shouting, ‘You want to look after us, comrade sergeant, not threaten us. What will your white bosses say if we aren’t in good health when they fetch us?’
Or we shouted, ‘Come on, officers, sing some songs with us. Liberation is for black people like you as well.’
Sometimes we called out, ‘Comrade warders, you’d better treat us well, or we’ll see that you lose your jobs when liberation comes.’
The warders retired, muttering, and left us alone. Then we made up songs about them, songs that enjoined the warders to spread the message about liberation, to act as undercover agents for the struggle, and to act mercifully towards all detainees, present and future. There was also a special song for Ngezi, who was hailed as our benefactor: the purveyor of blankets, the distributor of excellent food and drink, and – after Ngezi produced disinfectant and scrubbing brushes – as our guardian against lice and plagues. The food improved slightly when we started singing this song, although the slop buckets still smelled the same as always.
However, we couldn’t sing forever. There weren’t enough songs to sing, even if we did make up new ones –and, like everything else singing became tedious if it was done too often, too long. So we tried story-telling to help the time to pass. First we told stories that we thought the others would not have heard. Then we tried telling stories about what life in Keretani would be like after liberation. Next we told stories about what life would be like for us in twenty years’ time. I still grin wryly when I remember the bright futures that we sketched for ourselves. After we helped to liberate Keretani, we were going to get good qualifications and have satisfying jobs, fine houses and loving families, all in a liberated country of boundless possibilities.
What is the reality now? Two of my cell-mates are dead and one is maimed in both body and soul. Three seem to have embarked on those bright and promising careers – but I know the price they’ve paid, and what it’s costing them even now. And what about me? How has it been for me? Well, for sure, not as smooth and assured as I predicted, while I was sitting there in that crowded cell. But, good or bad, most of all it has been different – very, very different.
I didn’t tell anyone about what Ngezi had said to me, about how they could do terrible things to people. But whenever the door at the end of the passage clanged open, I thought, ‘Here it comes. They’re coming for us.’ My jaw muscles tightened, I began to sweat, and my back went rigid. Please, let it not be me. The footsteps began to echo down the passage. I thought, ‘No, they wouldn’t come for me. Why would it be me? Who am I, to be singled out? Please, let it not be for me.’ I was ashamed of what I was thinking. I was ashamed of how I wished for them to come for someone else, anyone else, not for me. My mind said, ‘These are your comrades. Be brave.’ But my body cried out, ‘Let it be someone else, not me.’
In fact, thank god, they never came for anyone at all. Usually the clanging door signaled the arrival of Ngezi with his wheezing greetings and complaints. Occasionally it was one of the warders, making his suspicious way up and down the passage, thrusting his face forward as he glared into each cell. And, after each occasion on which they didn’t come to take someone away, I would recede into myself, relieved but also ashamed at the stark vulnerability of my fears.
On the fifth day, they came for everyone. It was at breakfast time, while Ngezi was handing out the dishes of porridge. Three of the warders bustled down the passage, pushed Ngezi aside, and opened the cell doors, shouting, ‘Out! Get out! Move it!’
We milled around the doors, bewildered, peering out uncertainly, shouting, ‘Out? Where to, sergeant?’
‘What about our breakfast?’
The warders just grunted and gestured down the passage toward the open door at the end. Someone asked, ‘Are we going to the exercise yard?’
The sergeant said sardonically, ‘Exercise? Oh, yes, today you will have exercise. They have come to fetch you.’
Someone else asked, ‘What? In our underclothes?’
The sergeant said, ‘No more questions. Get moving!’
In a hum of nervous excitement, we began to crowd our way down the passage. I was thinking, ‘Well, they can’t interrogate or torture the whole lot of us. It must be something else.’ The thought was like a small island of refuge in a stormy ocean. 
A group of ombuza was waiting in the foyer, dressed in grey-green camouflage fatigues and flat, peaked caps. They were unarmed except for the plastic whips that they flicked like the tails of cats that have come within striking distance of their prey. We crowded outside, tumbled into the waiting vans, and sat there, shivering in the chilly morning air. Bundles of clothing were thrown into the vans and a voice shouted, ‘Get dressed! You want to look good when you appear in court.’
As the vans made their way at speed through the quiet streets, we began to sort through bundles of clothing. Someone asked, ‘Kerem, isn’t this your shirt?’ It was. I put it on. Eventually, everyone got a shirt and a pair of pants, even if some of the items were too large and others were too tight. However, there were no shoes and socks. Clearly, the ombuza didn’t mind if people appeared in court with bare feet.
Jero, the boy sitting across the way from me, said, ‘They’re taking us to court. That means that they’re going to charge us.’
I asked ‘How do you know?’
He replied, ‘My father is a clerk of the court. I know about these things.’
I wondered how things would go with a court clerk whose son was detained for taking part in a demonstration. I put the thought aside and asked, ‘Charged? What does that mean?’
‘It means that they’re going to charge us under criminal law. They’re going to make us stand trial’
The boy next to me laughed uncertainly and said, ‘That’s better, isn’t it?’ We looked at him quizzically. He added, ‘Well, I mean, it’s better than being detained, isn’t it? At least we’ll be seen and heard. That’s got to be better.’
Another boy commented, ‘Better? Maybe – and maybe not.’
There was silence. Then Jero said, ‘It depends on the charge.’
I asked, ‘What can they charge us with?’
Jero grunted. ‘Most likely with this new law, this Right to Freedom of Expression Act, or whatever it’s called.’
‘Why would they charge us? Why not just keep us in detention?’
Jero said, ‘Probably to make an example of us.’
Someone snorted and asked cynically, ‘More of an example than being in detention?’
Jero frowned and replied, ‘Sure. If they charge us and put us on trial, we’ll be visible. We’re not visible when we’re in detention.’
I asked, ‘What does this new law say? I heard something about it. But I don’t know the details.’
Jero said, ‘It says that it’s against the law for anyone to try to persuade anyone else to take part in a boycott.’
Someone else asked in disbelief, ‘You mean it’s all right for someone to boycott something as long as they don’t try to get someone else to join them?’
The boy sitting next to me said, ‘Well, that shouldn’t be a problem. We just have to tell them that we made our own decisions, that no one talked us into getting involved in the demonstration.’
Jero pulled a wry face and said, ‘It’s not so simple. They’ll try to break us down. They’ll cross-question us to get us to admit that we discussed it with other people.’
I said ‘Discussed it? That’s not a crime, is it?’
Jero shrugged. ‘Anything and everything is a crime, if they want it to be. They’ll try to prove that even when you say you were just discussing something, you were actually trying to persuade other people to get involved in a boycott. Or they’ll say that you were intimidating other people. Or that other people were intimidating you. Anyway, whatever happens, we have to tell the same story. They mustn’t be able to drive a wedge between us.’
I said, ‘This law is oppressive. Laws should protect people. But this law is the problem.’
There was silence. Then Jero said, ‘That’s true. But colonialism is oppressive. That’s why we’re here, not so?’
I asked, ‘How can there be a law that says that you can’t discuss things with other people.’
Jero replied, ‘The fact is, there is.’
‘But then we don’t have the freedom to discuss the things that are important.’ It was an outburst of exasperation, and even as I said it I knew it sounded naïve. There were sceptical snorts and chuckles. Jero spread his hands in a there-you-have-it gesture and said, ‘Of course. That’s the whole point of it. Keep quiet, work with them, and you’ll be fine. But if you don’t like the way things are, and you say so, or you try to do something about it –’
I sat there in the speeding, swaying van, wedged against my fellows, lurching against them, thrown back against the hard metal sides as the vehicles braked and cornered. Looking back on that time, I see that those two journeys – to the detention centre, and then to the court room – were just about the most significant events in my life.
However, at the time, sitting there in the crowded van, I didn’t feel that momentous things were happening in my life. Mainly, I felt apprehension, fear, and confusion. Nevertheless, something else was happening, for sure – a seed that had already been planted inside me was being watered and fertilized by these events. It was a small kernel that was germinating within the undergrowth of my fear, a kernel that would produce a tree that would grow and spread until it dominated and overcame all my other interests and concerns. But, meanwhile, in the dangerous, present time, I felt claustrophobic, confined within this barred metal space, huddled and squashed together with other frightened human beings. I wanted to stand, stretch out, and shout. I wanted to rip off the bars and destroy the reinforced door. I wanted to split the metal walls that confined me. As I fought down the feeling, I remembered the story of Jonah. Incongruously, I wondered if this was what it was like for Jonah when he was confined within the belly of the whale.
Suddenly, I had an image of Father Arbuthnoir preaching about Jonah, about two or three years previously. I could visualize him standing in the pulpit in his white surplice, his large frame bulking against the sloping thatched roof behind him. In my mind’s eye, I could see him, and almost hear him, struggling to explain what a whale was. I imagined father Arbuthnoir pulling at his beard as he tried to find the words to describe a hundred-ton marine animal to people who had never seen the sea. I remembered how Father Arbuthnoir gave up the unequal struggle, and, leaning forward and waving his arms about, declared, ‘Believe me, it is a huge creature, so huge that it moves through the sea like an elephant moves across the land.’ I could almost hear the murmurs from the congregation – murmurs of bewilderment, disbelief, and wonder.
The image was discouraging, because it reminded me of the distance that separated me from the world of Totudi and my home compound. However, it provided an alternative to the discomfort, fear, uncertainty and claustrophobia of this metal box. I closed my eyes and tried to focus on the image of Arbuthnoir preaching in the village church. I tried to build up an image of the section of the church around the pulpit, of the elders sitting to the right of the altar rail, and of the faces of the choir against the back wall. I tried to picture my mother, sitting in the front row of the choir. Clenching my fists over the edge of the metal bench, eyes shut tight, thoughts focused, I willed myself to explore the image, trying to obliterate the distress of our predicament.
The vans slowed down and turned into a walled yard. As we passed through the gates, we heard the sound of singing and someone in the van shouted. ‘Hey, it’s our comrades from school.’ It was. We glimpsed a crowd of our fellow students standing there, held back by a line of armed ombuza. Then the vans swept into the walled yard and the high gates shut behind us. We were herded into a courtroom, where we found the girls who had been detained at the same time as we had. There was an excited reunion before an orderly shouted for silence and told us to sit on the first three rows of benches.
I sat in the back row and looked around. His Royal Highness, Jonathan the Eleventh, stared down at us from a painting on the wall above the magistrate’s bench. With its tall windows, dark wood paneling and high ceiling, the court room was both tranquil and menacing. I began to wriggle uncomfortably, conscious of my unwashed clothing and bare feet. Suddenly, I felt small, weak, and tired. With its indifference to emotions and its air of oppressive authority, this stark place pressed down on me.
The doors at the rear of the courtroom opened and the orderly shouted. ‘Fill it up from the rear. Move up, make room, the place will be full today.’ We looked around and spotted friends and relatives. Within a few seconds, detainees and newcomers were greeting each other, hugging, laughing, and exchanging news. The orderly was shouting instructions, trying to part the two groups, but no one was listening. Then he tried to shut the doors. But it was too late. People swept the orderly aside and pressed forward. The courtroom was a milling confusion of laughter, greetings, and tears even while the orderly was shouting. ‘Take your seats, or I’ll clear the room.’ No one paid any attention to him.
Someone clapped me on my shoulder and hugged me expansively. It was Arbuthnoir, saying, ‘Man, you’re a mess!’ He grinned at me, holding me at arm’s length. I was overcome. There were tears in my eyes. I just grinned back at Arbuthnoir, feeling both foolish and elated. Arbuthnoir looked at me closely and asked, ‘Are you all right, youngster?’ I nodded. Arbuthnoir was still peering at me. ‘Are you sure? No injuries?’
I nodded again. I swallowed, wiped my eyes with the collar of my shirt, and blurted out. ‘What are you doing here, Father?’
He replied, ‘I heard that you were in trouble, so here I am.’ He spread his hands, chuckled, and said, ‘Where else should I be as a priest, when a member of my flock needs support?’
‘But how…?’ I stopped, because I still couldn’t trust myself to say much.
Arbuthnoir said, ‘You were going to ask, how did I know where you’d be?’
I nodded. Arbuthnoir winked and said, ‘Contacts, youngster, contacts! It helps to know who knows about what.’ He gestured around the room expansively and said knowingly, ‘Anyway, it looks like I’m not the only one who found out about where you and your friends would be this morning.’ He cocked a head towards the windows, through which came the sound of singing. He winked and said knowingly. ‘In fact, it seems that a lot of people found out that you and your friends would be in court today. It looks like word gets around fast.’
The orderly returned with five policemen and bustled round the courtroom, shouting, ‘Take your seats! Take your seats now, or I’ll have you evicted.’
Arbuthnoir cocked his head and asked ironically, ‘Wouldn’t you like to be evicted? Perhaps this is your chance.’
The policemen were forcing people towards the seats at the back of the room. Arbuthnoir shot a look at them and said hurriedly, ‘Your parents are fine. They send their love. They aren’t here because I didn’t know myself until yesterday afternoon that you would appear in court today. By good fortune, I was in Fort Marnay, so –’
A policeman gripped Arbuthnoir’s arm, tugging him away. Arbuthnoir raised his eyebrows, shook the hand free, and said, ‘Good luck, youngster. Be brave. Remember, a lot of people are supporting you.’ He was swept away from me and I was marched towards the front of the room to join my comrades.
Just as the courtroom was settling down, a young man bustled in and introduced himself to us. His name was Joseph Lungange and he was the counsel for the defense. He went up and down the rows of students saying, ‘Whatever they ask you, don’t admit that you ever discussed your plans with anyone else.’ He was dressed in a black gown and carried a shiny briefcase. It was evident that he had been called into the case at the last moment. His tie was awry and from time to time he stopped to tuck his shirt into his pants, as if he wasn’t sure that he had done it properly the first time.
The magistrate was a young woman of fresh complexion with sandy-blonde hair. She was clearly trying to look professional and dignified, even while no number of black gowns and severe wooden benches could conceal her fresh youthfulness. She listened without expression while we were charged with contravening the Right to Freedom of Expression Act. The prosecutor opposed the granting of bail, on the grounds that we were collaborators in a plot to overthrow the state. He claimed that no one could guarantee that we would cease our subversive activities if we were released on bail.
In response, our counsel got to his feet, hitched up his gown, and said, ‘I object, your honour. The defendants are not accused of planning to overthrow the state.’
The magistrate leaned forward and said, ‘Objection over-ruled. Let the prosecutor finish his representation.’
Counsel Lungange said, ‘Your honour, if the prosecutor doesn’t keep to what is on the charge sheet, then I, counsel for the defense Joseph Lungange, will have reason to think that this hearing is nothing more or less than a show trial.’
This elicited a hiss of agreement from all over the courtroom. It was a low but powerful sound, like steam escaping a closed space. The magistrate flushed and strained forward, leaning over her bench, calling for silence. She banged her gravel and cried, ‘I will have the court cleared if there’s another outbreak of unruly behaviour. There will be order in the courtroom.’
In the gallery, a few people said ‘Heh!’ and ‘Ha!’ softly, with an exhalation of breath, the way parents do when their children are being difficult and unruly. Then there was silence. Still red in the face, the magistrate said, ‘Mr. Lungange, I would advise you to show respect for the court. This hearing will be conducted properly. I will have no more references to show trials.’ In response, Joseph Lungange rose, bowed expansively, and sat down.
Nenkoseni was accused number one. It was clear that the authorities were well informed about his role in the demonstrations and he was on the stand for more than half an hour, while the prosecutor tried to get him to admit that the demonstration was an organized part of a plot to destabilize the state. The prosecutor tried to get him to admit that he had colluded with others to arrange the boycott, while Nenkoseni insisted that everything had happened with complete spontaneity. Finally, in answer to a question, Nenkoseni said, ‘You are asking – why did we want to show solidarity with the students and the workers?’
In exasperation, the prosecutor said, ‘For the third time – yes, that is what I have asked you.’
Nenkoseni paused. Then a smile spread across his face and he answered, ‘Because we are all human beings.’ At this, the courtroom erupted. People applauded, slapped each other on their backs, and drummed their feet on the floor in appreciation. The magistrate went red in the face and banged her gravel repeatedly while the orderly scuttled to the back of the room, shouting, ‘Order! Order in court!’ The joyful uproar continued until it subsided when the orderly ranged the policemen down the walls.
Still red in the face and looking flustered, the magistrate said, ‘If there is another interruption, the courtroom will be cleared. The guilty parties will be charged with contempt of court.’
The gallery settled down. But now there was an air of expectation. It was like being at a sporting contest in which the spectators anticipate that their own side will put up a good showing against a strong opposition.
The prosecutor resumed by going straight onto the offensive. He said to Nenkoseni, ‘I put it to you that you were one of the ringleaders in this boycott. How do you answer?’
‘Ringleader?’
The prosecutor glanced at the magistrate, who gave a shrug. The prosecutor continued, ‘I have a sworn deposition from Mr. Renarte, the principal of Saint Teresa School, that you were the spokesman when some of you–’ He sniffed, and then got the word out, with a twist of his mouth ‘– you agitators met with him during the boycott.’
‘Yes, I was the spokesman.’
‘Then you admit that you were the ringleader?’ 
’No. I was the spokesman. I did not say that I was the ringleader.’
The prosecutor hitched up his gown and lowered his head. He looked like a stout, land-bound vulture. ‘But, if you weren’t the ringleader, why were you the spokesman?’
Nenkoseni leaned back. His voice was directed at an audience beyond the prosecutor’s head. He said, ‘Because I have always been a prize-winner in the debating society, so of course –’ His voice was drowned out by muffled sounds of appreciation from all over the courtroom. The magistrate glared, the policemen stepped forward, and again there was silence. The prosecutor said, ‘So you admit that there was collusion?’
‘No. There was no collusion.’
‘There must have been collusion, if you were selected as the spokesman. Or did that happen out of fresh air?’
‘No, it didn’t.’
‘What then?’
‘I knew what the people were thinking. I knew my responsibilities. I knew that I was one of the best persons to be a spokesman. So that is what I did.’
After thirty minutes of this cat and mouse theatre, Nenkoseni was allowed to stand down from the witness stand.
The next witness was Mr. Renarte. He looked haggard and stumbled as he went up the steps into the stand. From time to time his gaze flickered across the students sitting in the front rows, but mostly his eyes were fixed on a spot somewhere about where the ceiling met the back wall of the courtroom. His voice sounded as worn as his appearance. Sometimes the prosecutor had to ask him to speak up while he described the events that took place on campus. Soon, inevitably, the prosecutor led Mr. Renarte to the question of a ringleader. Before he could reply, the counsel for the defence got to his feet and said, ‘Objection, your honour. The prosecution is leading the witness.’
‘Objection sustained.’ The magistrate perked up when she said it. It looked like this little clash interested her a lot more than the matter that was before the court. Earlier, she had been looking bored and diffident, toying with a pencil and staring into space, as if she was thinking about places that were far more pleasant than this one. Now her eyes were bright and she was leaning forward with interest. The prosecutor gave a little shrug and a deferential bow. Then he asked Mr. Renarte, ‘Let me put it to you directly – would you say that Nenkoseni was the ringleader?’
‘Ringleader? I’m not sure about that, you know. He was definitely the spokesman – but ringleader, no, quite frankly, I’m not sure …’ Mr. Renarte’s voice fell away, and he looked downwards, pulling at an ear and shuffling his feet like a traveler in a strange place who was standing on shifting and uncertain ground.
The prosecutor tried again: ‘You said that you called the school prefects to your office?’
‘Yes, I did.’
‘Did the prefects have a spokesman?’
‘Yes. They did.’
‘And that person was –?’
‘It was Nenkoseni.’
The prosecutor emitted a satisfied sigh He leaned on the rail right where Nenkoseni was sitting and asked Mr. Renarte, ‘When the prefects were in your office, did you have the impression that they had colluded with each other?’
‘Colluded? How do you mean?’
The prosecutor kept glancing at Nenkoseni, as if he was measuring the size of a target before unleashing a penetrating dart. He asked, ‘I mean did you have the impression that they had made their plans beforehand?’
‘Oh, yes, they knew exactly what was going to happen. They said that the boycott would last for three days. They were very definite about it, you know.’
‘They had discussed it beforehand?’
Mr. Renarte shuffled and pulled at an ear. His shoulders were drooping. All in all he looked like a small animal caught in a cleft stick, unable to do anything but wriggle and squeak. He said in a low voice, ‘Well, quite frankly, I suppose they must have.’
‘Why do you say that?’
Mr. Renarte said in an even more subdued voice, ‘They must have discussed it, or else how would they all have been in agreement about the matter?’
The prosecutor whirled right around to face Nenkoseni. Now he was like a bullfighter looking down his sword at his antagonist. Then he whirled around again and pronounced, ‘There you have it – collusion!’
Mr. Renarte said nothing. He just gave a faltering nod. The prosecutor said triumphantly, ‘And f there was collusion, then, of course, there were attempts to convince others to participate in the boycott. We can be sure of that.’
Counsel for the defence rose to his feet and said, ‘Objection, your honour!’ The magistrate raised her eyebrows quizzically. The counsel said, ‘Your honour, this is unnecessary. My clients have already been charged. This is a bail hearing, not a criminal trial.’
The magistrate asked, ‘And what is the point of your objection?’
‘Well, your honour, that’s it! The prosecutor is wasting time by trying to prove that my clients are guilty as charged. That’s not what should be happening at a bail hearing.’ Now Joseph Lungange seemed to be getting into his stride. He said, ‘Your honour, the only questions are whether or not my clients will skip bail – which they won’t – or whether they will commit a similar offence during the period that they are on bail. You also have my assurance on that count. So, your honour, I move that we bring this hearing to an end by granting my clients’ bail application.’
The magistrate sat there, drumming her fingers on the top of the desk. She wrinkled her nose, coughed and said, ‘Counsel, your clients are charged with a serious offence.’
‘I know that, your honour.’
 ‘It affects the security of the state.’
‘I doubt that, your honour.’
The magistrate’s eyebrows reached an absolute peak of quizzicalness. She said, ‘You may doubt it, counsel, but the fact is …’ She paused, and then said to the prosecutor, ‘You may continue.’
Counsel Lungange threw up his hands theatrically and sat down. He muttered grumpily to the students next to him until he was silenced by a glare from the magistrate.
When Mr. Renarte was allowed to stand down from the witness boy, the magistrate announced that it was time for lunch. The orderly bellowed, ‘All rise!’ The magistrate descended from her desk and click-clicked quickly across the floor in high-heeled shoes. I watched her until she disappeared through the doorway and wondered how it was that the magistrate, a woman and possibly a mother, could tolerate the treatment that was meted out to other mothers’sons. Perhaps she shut out all those things when she pulled on the black gown and arranged the white lace ruff at her nick. Or perhaps the suffering of other mothers’sons didn’t matter, if they were a different skin colour to you and your own children.
The door shut behind the magistrate, the orderly sat down, the prosecutor slipped out of his gown and began packing papers into a briefcase, and the atmosphere in the courtroom relaxed. We stood up, stretched, and moved towards our friends and relatives at the back of the room. There I joined Arbuthnoir, who gave me a hamburger and fries.
The food was cold and greasy, but I devoured it with relish. While I was eating, Arbuthnoir told me that he had heard about the recent events from someone in the bishop’s office. This person, whom Arbuthnoir termed ‘an ecclesiastical mole’, told Arbuthnoir that I was amongst the detainees. Arbuthnoir hurried down to Fort Marnay, where he met with some of the prefects at Saint Teresa School. Together, they compiled a list of the detainees. Then Arbuthnoir used his contact in the bishop’s office to get the list to as many parish priests as were likely to be helpful in distributing the information. Later, when they were tipped off about the date of the court appearance, they used the same channels of communication to spread the news. ‘And that,’ said Arbuthnoir, cocking his head towards the room in general, ‘is how we managed to get some families and friends here today.’ He grinned conspiratorially and winked at me. I grinned back, my mouth full of hamburger and greasy fries. Being with Arbuthnoir again was like coming out of the sultry, confined coastal bush onto an airy headland, with the wind blowing freshly off the ocean.
Arbuthnoir extracted two fries from my packet. He ate them, patted his belly, sighed, and said, ‘Fatty foods – always my weakness.’ Then he put up a finger and said, ‘That reminds me! There are a whole lot of your fellow students outside in the street – a few hundred, in fact. They’ve brought a lot of food with them. I guess they had an inkling that you lot wouldn’t have been living in the lap of luxury recently. I’ll see if I can arrange to have some of the food brought inside.’ Arbuthnoir bustled away through the crowd.
Joseph Lungange was making the rounds and he introduced himself to me. Close up, he looked even younger than he did from distance. I wondered, briefly, if Joseph Lungange really was a qualified lawyer. Perhaps he was just some young man from the legal office who had been dressed up in an oversized gown and given a briefcase. As if reading what was on my mind, Lungange said, ‘I’m with the Law Reform Centre. I joined them last month, right after I qualified.’ He wrote down my full name, age, parents’ names and home address. Then he said, ‘Just checking. We need a full and proper record of our clients. You can’t trust the police and the court officials. They misspell names and get half the details wrong. Then, if it suits them, they lose the whole lot.’ He read the details back to me and I nodded my agreement. Lungange said, ‘Look, they’re going to try to keep this hearing going as long as possible, maybe two or three days. They want to make an example of you. But don’t be too concerned – they’re going to give you bail in the end. They don’t want the bother of keeping all of you in jail as awaiting-trial prisoners. Anyway, they know that it wouldn’t work, because we’d get you out, one way or another, even if we have to go to the High Court. And that wouldn’t be good publicity for them.’
I asked, ‘What do you want us to do?’
Lungange looked at a list and said, ‘Let’s see – you’re accused number twenty-seven. That means that you probably won’t have to do anything at all.’
‘Why not?’
‘Well, even if the hearing goes on for a few days, they probably won’t get as far down the list as number twenty-seven. But if they do, just deny that you ever discussed the boycott with anybody else. Tell them that you saw what was happening, and you decided to join in, spontaneously. Apart from that, you can tell the truth about your reasons for doing so, and so on. And if you’re asked, make sure that you say that you’ll be a good boy and will abide by the conditions under which you are granted bail. They’ll try to clip your wings for a while, but don’t let that bother you.’ He gave a sudden, broad grin, clapped me on the shoulder, and said, ‘You’re still young. After this thing is over, you’ll have plenty of time left to contribute to the liberation struggle. Not so, comrade?’ He turned to go, then stopped and said. ‘They’ll take you to prison tonight. You’re awaiting-trial prisoners now, not detainees. You’ll find that things are a lot more comfortable. It will be a lot better for your family and friends, because they’ll know where you are and they’ll be able to visit you.’
It turned out just as Lungange said it would be. We were taken to Fort Marnay prison, where we were installed in the awaiting-trial section. We had clean bedding, regular hot showers, plain but decent food, and plenty of visitors during the allotted hours. Also, we were allowed to receive food, clothing, and reading materials from the outside.
On the third day of the hearing, at about mid-afternoon, the two sides came to an agreement. The prosecution would no longer oppose bail being granted, but we wouldn’t be allowed to leave prison for about thirty-six hours until all the formalities had been completed. We had to agree not to take part in any boycotts and to attend classes regularly during the period during which we were on bail. Also, we couldn’t leave Fort Marnay without the permission of the police.
The Law Reform Centre paid our bail. Lungange said that the money came from something called a contingency fund, provided by unnamed foreign donors. Finally, after three nights in jail, we were set free. Singing liberation songs, we walked out of the prison doors, down the long driveway, and into the waiting arms and greetings of crowds of family members, friends and well-wishers.

TEN: THE AFFLICTIONS OF THE RIGHTEOUS

A convoy of taxis was waiting outside the prison gates. The leader of the convoy said that they wanted to show solidarity with the comrade-students who had supported the taxi drivers’ strike. Everyone – students, family members, friends and well-wishers – bundled into the taxis. I was wedged into the back seat of a vehicle, between Arbuthnoir and Jero. Next to Jero was a young woman named Virginia, who said that she was related to Nenkoseni. However, she didn’t seem to mind the fact that she wasn’t traveling with him. As the vehicles moved off, she leaned over, holding hands with Jero and me, saying, ‘Welcome home, comrades. We missed you.’
Over the back of her head, I shot a quizzical look at Jero. He just grinned, glanced at the girl, and shook his head in amusement. Right then, Virginia took my face in her hands. She pulled me towards her, leaning her body fully across Jero as she did so. She pressed her lips to mine and kissed me enthusiastically. I tried to withdraw, caught by surprise and taken aback by the awkwardness of the situation. But Virginia wasn’t put off by a little reticence. She continued to kiss me, moving her lips moistly against mine, stroking and tingling the inside of my lips with the exploring tip of her tongue. When she left off she said, ‘That is a greeting for a hero of the struggle.’ Then she gave Jero the same treatment.
Mollified, I looked at Arbuthnoir, who just grinned at me and wagged a finger. I tried to look anywhere but at Arbuthnoir, or at the embracing Jero and Virginia. It was embarrassing.
The convoy traveled through the township, hooting continually. People leaned out of windows of the taxis, shouting greetings and slogans:
‘Our comrades are free!’
‘Down, ombuza! Down!’
 ‘Salute our brave students!’
‘Free Keretani now!’
Cloths and scarves in the colours of the banned KNF flapped and fluttered from windows and radio aerials. Still with the same style, the convoy traveled down King Frederick the Thirty-Seventh Avenue, the main street of Fort Marnay. When it stopped at traffic lights, people shouted greetings, asking what all the fuss was about. When they were told, they waved and shouted encouragingly. But not everyone was enthusiastic. Most white people glared stonily or turned their backs. Some black people turned around and hurried away. In fact, one old man, probably a beggar or a hawker to judge by his disheveled appearance, waved his stick angrily and shouted imprecations that couldn’t be heard above the noise.
All down the avenue, Virginia was leaning out of the window, protruding about as far as she could go. With her knees on the seat, and most of her upper body out of the window, her shapely bottom projected towards Jero and me, its firm rotundity straining against the constraints of her short skirt. When the taxi braked suddenly, Virginia nearly fell out. She shouted at Jero, ‘Hold me, man, or Virginia will be gone for sure!’ Jero obliged, putting an arm around her waist and spreading a hand firmly on her bottom. Virginia wriggled her lower body closer to Jero’s chest and shouted something that we couldn’t hear. Whatever it was, she was clearly enjoying her semi-celebrity status. Jero grinned and said, ‘You’d better help me, or she’ll fall out.’ I put a tentative hand onto Virginia’s bottom, cupping a palm across the fabric that stretch over the firm curve of the flesh. I pressed, and my hand slid forward, causing my flesh to tingle. Absorbed, I let my hand move upwards until it rested against the bare skin at Virginia’s waist where her top had parted company with her skirt. Her flesh, warm and sweaty, yielded to the press of my fingers as if welcoming me by half- molding itself to my touch.
I heard a muffled snort and caught Jero examining me with knowing amusement. I let my hand drop and spent the rest of the trip looking out of the other window, avoiding the temptations of Virginia’s careless body.
The convoy of taxis arrived at the school. We bundled out, looked around, and saw that a large crowd of students was waiting for us at the school gates. There was also a small squad of ombuza, who stood to one side, looking on impassively. Some of the prefects came forward, greeting us, and asking us to stand in a semi-circle in front of the crowd. Then one of them stepped into the space between the groups and welcomed us as brothers and sisters, as comrades and friends, saying how much we had been missed, how anxious everyone had been about our welfare, and how cruelly the colonial oppressors had treated us. Then he asked people to bow their heads for a minute of thankful silence. Next, he opened a Bible and read from Psalm thirty-four: ‘The eyes of the Lord are on the righteous, and his ears are open to their cry. The face of the Lord is against those who do evil, to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. The righteous cry out and the Lord hears, and delivers them out of all their troubles. The Lord is near to those who have a broken heart and saves such as have a contrite spirit. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers him out of them all.’
Next, another prefect stepped forward and asked the crowd to bow their heads in prayer of thanks. Finally, we sang a hymn. After that, everyone looked around, as if asking, what next? Then, slowly, almost cautiously, people began to talk to each other, first in low voices, then more loudly, as if feeling their way into a new relationship, into a new dispensation that had come upon all of us. There were anxious glances towards the small group of ombuza, standing to one side in two ranks. But the ombuza did nothing. They just looked on impassively from under their helmets, standing warily with legs apart, their whips dangling.
Mr. Renarte appeared and stood at the gates, looking diffident and uncertain. People glanced at him curiously and then went on with what they were doing. After a few minutes, Mr. Renarte summoned two of the prefects. They talked for a while, glancing at the crowd and at the ombuza. Then one of the prefects stepped forward and called for silence. He said, ‘Comrades and friends, I have been asked to tell you that only scholars will be allowed inside the school grounds today. Friends and family members have been asked to stay outside.’ The crowd buzzed in annoyance and people glared at Mr. Renarte. He flushed, dropped his gaze, and turned away. Someone shouted, ‘Colonialist collaborator!’ There was derisive laughter and the crowd buzzed. The ombuza straightened and flicked their whips. The prefect called for silence again and said, ‘Comrades and friends, this is a day of celebration. Let us remain peaceful and dignified.’ He gestured towards the ombuza, saying, ‘Let us not give the colonialists any excuse to spoil our celebrations.’
The gathering began to break up. The taxi drivers departed in a roar of motor and dust, shouting and hooting amidst a great cacophony of cheers. Mr. Renarte shook his head despondently and disappeared through the gates. Arbuthnoir said, ‘Well, Kerem, by the look of it, all is as well as it can be.’
I was tired and I was close to tears. I could only say, ‘Thank you, father. Thank you so much’
Arbuthnoir clapped me on the shoulder. ‘No thanks, my boy. I’m just pleased that I could be here to support you.’ Now that Arbuthnoir was on the point of leaving, I suddenly realized how much of a trackless savannah of uncertainty lay before me. I just hoped that I could keep back the tears. Arbuthnoir said, ‘I’ll go back to Totudi this afternoon and I’ll see your parents as soon as I arrive. They’ll be waiting to hear how you are.’
I said, ‘Thank you, father. Please tell them that I’m well and that I’m sorry if I caused them any trouble.’
Arbuthnoir chuckled and said, ‘I’ve heard that trouble is the penalty that parents pay for presuming to have children.’
Now I was even closer to tears. I thought about Arbuthnoir taking the long road back to the highlands. I thought about the village with its cluster of compounds on the hillside. I thought about my father and his carvings, and about my mother’s calm face. I remembered my mother in her green skirt, white blouse and green headscarf, singing in the church choir, transported by the music. I could almost hear the melody and the words:

The church’s one foundation
is Jesus Christ her Lord;
she is his new creation
by water and the Word.

I asked, ‘Father will you be conducting the service in church on Sunday?’ Arbuthnoir nodded. I asked, ‘And will the choir be singing?’ He nodded again. I said, ‘Then, can you ask them to sing that hymn with the words, “The church’s one foundation”, the one that my mother always likes to sing?’
Arbuthnoir nodded, clapped me on my shoulder again, gave me a hug, and took his leave. We waved to each other and I watched the taxi until it disappeared around the corner at the end of the road. Then I turned and slowly walked through the school gates.
Near the boys’ hostel, I saw Nozam in the distance. He was walking towards the sports fields, dressed in soccer kit with a pair of boots dangling over a shoulder. I hurried over to him, calling out, ‘Nozam! How are you?’ I put out a hand but Nozam ignored it.
He looked at me sourly, hands on his hips, and muttered, ‘Huh! So, you’re back, are you?’
‘Yes, I’m back.’
Nozam asked, off-handedly, ‘You’re all right, are you?’
‘Yes. I’m all right.’
Nozam nodded. He looked me up and down, swung the boots over his shoulder, and said indifferently, ‘Well, that’s good, isn’t it?’ He nodded again, turned, and began to walk away.
I just stood there, shaken and nonplussed. Anger was rising in me, a hot flush coming from a core deep inside. I fought it down and called out, ‘Nozam!’ Nozam stopped. He looked back over a shoulder and said coolly, ‘I hear you.’
I called out, ‘It’s good to see you, Nozam.’
He turned, took a step towards me, stopped and said, ‘Yes. It’s good to –’ He bit his lip and muttered, ‘I guess you’re pleased to be back.’ He raised a hand briefly. Then he turned and walked away, swinging his boots.
At school, the reverberations of the boycott and detentions continued for a while and then faded. But they never disappeared entirely. They were always there, not far below the surface, causing an edginess and caution in relationships between staff and students, and between some students and other students. It was as if a volcano had erupted right under everyone’s feet and then subsided, leaving everyone with wary eyes cocked for the next eruption.
One month before the year-end examinations, I was called to Mr. Renarte’s office. I wondered why he wanted to see me. We were on bail and had heard nothing about the court case so I thought, ‘Yes, probably that’s what it’s about. They’ve summoned us to appear in court.’
When I arrived, Mr. Renarte was speaking on the telephone. He said something looked up, and then said, ‘Yes, he’s just arrived. Hold on, please.’ He handed the receiver to me.
I said, ‘Hullo?’
‘Is that you, Kerem?’It was Arbuthnoir.
‘Yes father, it’s me. How are –?
Arbuthnoir interrupted me. ‘Are you sitting down, Kerem?’
I glanced at the chair in front of the desk. Mr. Renarte caught my meaning and nodded. ‘Yes, father, I’m sitting down.’
‘Kerem – it’s about your parents.’
 ‘My parents?’
There was a slight pause. Then Arbuthnoir said, ‘Your parents are dead.’
Had I heard Arbuthnoir properly? It was a scratchy and faint line. ‘Uh – Father – you said –?’
There was another faint pause. Then he said, ‘I’m sorry, Kerem, so very sorry. Your parents are dead.’
‘Dead, father? I don’t understand. How –?’
‘They were killed by a landmine, Kerem.’
‘A landmine? I don’t understand.’
‘They were on their way to a neighbouring village, seated on the lack of a light delivery truck.’
‘Where were they going, father?’
‘The women’s group at the church was making a visit to the neighbouring group at Kwelanini. Your father decided to go along as well.’
‘My father went to a women’s meeting?’
 ‘Not actually to the meeting, not as such. He said that he would visit some of the village carvers and also look for new supplies of wood.’
The only reality was the shattering thought that my parents were dead. Arbuthnoir’s gentle, weary voice came over the scratchy line. ‘Kerem?’
‘A landmine, father? You said a landmine?’
‘Yes. The explosion occurred about halfway to Kwelanini. That’s where the road goes through the cutting. You probably know the place.’
‘Yes, I do. And –?’
‘It was a powerful landmine – very powerful. The truck was thrown against the wall of the cutting.’ There was a pause. Then Arbuthnoir said, ‘They say that everyone was killed instantly. There were no survivors. The truck was a total wreck.’
I was in a daze. Arbuthnoir was saying how sorry he was, how dreadful it was. He was saying something about funeral arrangements when I let the receiver fall to the floor. I just sat there, immobilised and stunned. Mr. Renarte picked up the receiver and concluded the conversation. The school secretary came in with a glass of water. I took a few sips without really knowing what I was doing. The secretary was saying something about how sorry everyone was, about arranging for me to take the bus home immediately, and about how I shouldn’t worry about my studies because arrangements would be made to help me catch up when I returned.
Then Mr. Renarte came back. Nozam was with him. Even then, in the midst of distress and confusion, I wanted someone else to be with me at that time. Even Nozam.
Nozam escorted me back to the dormitory where he told me how sorry he was, how good my parents had always been to him, and how much they were liked and admired in the village. He also said that we had to catch the bus within the hour. He helped me to pack and we hurried to board the waiting taxi.
The bus was large, modern and air-conditioned. It was the first time that I had been in a vehicle like this. Like most people, students always took the ubiquitous, crowded, rickety mini-buses that shuttled incessantly between Fort Marnay and points all over the country. But Mr. Renarte said that he didn’t trust the mini-buses. He called them ‘bush taxis’ and said that the school would pay for two return tickets on a proper bus service.
Even in the midst of my distress and confusion, I couldn’t help noticing how things were changing. There were more roadblocks and they had been reinforced and fortified. At the first roadblock, about twenty kilometers outside Fort Marnay, a wall of sandbags blocked the road. On one side there was a raised platform, reinforced by sandbags, with a corrugated iron roof. Two soldiers manned the machine gun on the platform. Other soldiers, rifles at the ready, kept an eye on the vehicles that stopped at the blockade. There was a small military encampment across the road, about fifty meters away. The roofs of tents stuck out above the earthen walls which had been thrown up all around the encampment.
At the roadblock, two mini-buses had been pulled off the road and were being searched. Their passengers were standing around idly while soldiers went through the luggage and inspected the undersides of the vehicles.
A soldier entered our bus and sauntered down the aisle, looking over the passengers. Then he said something to the driver and left the bus. The bus made its way around the barrier, down the straight piece of tarmac where small groups of off-duty soldiers were idly eyeing the passing traffic, and past the barrier of sandbags on the other side.
I said, ‘It looks like they’re only interested in mini-buses.’
Nozam said nothing for a while. Then he remarked, ‘It makes you think, doesn’t it?’ It was not what I expected him to say. I just shot a quick look at him and nodded in agreement.
After a while, when the bus was speeding along the highway, with the passengers relaxing as the tension of the roadblock was left behind, Nozam suddenly said, ‘Lots of things are happening nowadays that come between people.’ It sounded like an invitation to begin a conversation. I said something cautious but open-ended in reply. Nozam said something, and soon we were chatting freely.
As the countryside sped past and as, later, we lapsed back into silence, I thought about Nozam. He was good-looking, intelligent and talented with a natural, easy charm. He was born into one of the richest families in the highlands. And yet he was never happy with what he had and he couldn’t take risks. Insecurity? Afraid to fail? Yes, that was what it appeared to be. I knew that Nozam’s father pushed him hard to be the best in everything that he did so that he wouldn’t let down the family name. I had heard that he beat Nozam if he didn’t live up to expectations. I also remembered my father saying, ‘That Goklola! He forgets that he comes out of a village, just like the rest of us. But maybe that’s the trouble – he thinks that something will go wrong, that he will lose everything, and that he will end up back in the village again. Maybe that’s why he always wants more, not so?’ Like father like son, I thought. But in Nozam’s case it’s not by choice, not necessarily because it’s what he wants for himself.
Nozam began to tell me about a soccer match that took place while I was in the detention cell. I was only half attending to what he was saying because my thoughts were busy with the sudden realization that Nozam never had enough because he never felt secure with what he had. That was why he would not take risks. That was why he could not accept other people’s achievements. The realization seemed so direct and so simple that I thought that it was too easy. I turned the thought over in my mind, trying it out against things that had happened in the past. Truly, it seemed to fit. It really did.
We were approaching the next roadblock. I gave myself a mental shake and attended to what Nozam was saying.
The closer we got to the highlands, the more we saw signs of military activity. Dun-coloured armored cars cruised along the road in both directions, aerials whipping in the wind, with light cannons thrusting forward down the unwinding tarmac. Armored troops carriers loomed ominously by the roadside, great snub-nosed beasts with eight wheels and with tires much higher than a man.
Near Post Sebastian the bus had to weave its way past a convoy of about fifteen military trucks. Soldiers lounged in the backs of the trucks under the canvas covers, grinning and waving idly at the passing vehicles. These were black soldiers.
Nozam said. ‘Those guys are from the First Keretani Battalion.’
I asked, ‘How do you know?’
Nozam gave me a quick look and said, ‘My cousin has signed up. He’s a corporal in the battalion.’
From Post Sebastian, we hitched a ride to Totudi on the back of a truck. The closer I got to Totudi, the more the reality of what had happened, and what awaited me, began to come home to me. Already, in spite of the verdant vegetation of the foothills, I felt as if I was traversing a wasteland. The activity surrounding me seemed unreal. The people chatting on the back of the truck, the women walking at the roadside with baskets on their heads, the everyday signs of the normal, daily round – it all seemed to be faded and distant, as if it was an old movie on a decrepit projector. The only thing that was real was the constant thought, the gnawing knowledge, that my mother and father were dead and gone. The only thing that was real was the inner wasteland of regret and sorrow that nothing could assuage. No matter what I did, this thought wouldn’t leave me: ‘The world is a wasteland now that they have gone, and I, Kerem, am a lonely traveler amidst this desolation.’ Nothing else was real.
The truck made its way through the outskirts of Totudi and stopped outside the open market. We got off, thanked the driver, and walked away. We walked past the squatting women selling vegetables and roasted meat, past the Come Again Tomorrow Bar, past the new police station with its squat, ugly façade, and past the front of the Newly Time Fashion Shop Number one (‘We outfit the Whole Family – Lay byes accepted, six months to pay’). Music blared from loudspeakers above the fronts of shops. Mini-buses hooted incessantly. A taxi driver shouted at pedestrians, ‘Hey, you fellows, you get out of the way. This taxi got business to do.’ A beggar, half-drunk, wheedled his way up to us: ‘Fifty cents for bread, young misters? The good Lord will bless you.’
Everything was outwardly just the same as it always had been, but for me, nothing was the same and everything was blurred and out of focus. Nozam started walking towards my family compound but I said. ‘No. Let’s go to Father Arbuthnoir’s house.’
Arbuthnoir was looking strained and tired. While he was serving tea, he knocked over the milk jug, and then over-filled a mug. The liquids made small pools on the table and dripped onto the floor but Arbuthnoir seemed not to notice. He gave us as many details as he could, but there wasn’t much that he could add to what he had told me on the telephone. Arbuthnoir said that the funeral would be held the next day, if that suited me. I just nodded dumbly.
At the compound, one of my great-aunts was there, looking after things. When she saw me, she went down on her knees, hands raised, wailing in the traditional mourning manner. For the first time, I wept openly.
People started arriving, to greet me, to pay their respects, and to mourn with me, and it was late into the night before everyone left. By then, I was reeling with fatigue and emotional exhaustion. At least I wasn’t hungry. Every visitor brought the customary gift, and most gifts were in the form of food.
When my great-aunt retired to bed, the compound was quiet. I stood in the corner where my father had done his carvings. Wood chips still lay around an almost complete work. I lifted the oil lamp to see it more clearly. Just then, right by my shoulder, someone said softly, ‘Comrade!’
The oil lamp was between the speaker and me so I couldn’t see him clearly. I moved to one side, but he stopped me with a hand on my shoulder and  whispered, ‘Comrade! Keep your voice down. We must speak.’ I nodded. He asked, ‘Can we sit over there in the corner?’
Now I could see more clearly. It was Phambile, a young man in his mid-twenties. He was a farmer who had once trained as a catechist and caused a minor sensation when he gave up prospects of a career in the church – it was said that he could have been a priest, one day – and returned to the life of a peasant farmer. He seldom took a leading role in discussions. But people said, approvingly, that Phambile listened carefully, made up his own mind, and didn’t change it once he knew what had to be done.
Phambile’s face was lean and well shaped, with high cheekbones and a sharp chin. It was a regular, highlands face. But what set him apart from others was the fact that most of his right ear was missing, the result of a fall from a tree when he was a child. The slight pull of the skin towards that side of the face gave him a permanently quizzical expression, as if he was always interrogating the world.
Phambile leaned across the table and shook my hand. He said, ‘I commiserate with you on your loss.’ Then he made the traditional gesture of sympathy, folding his arms across his chest, bowing forward, and saying. ‘The ancestors celebrate the arrival of friends. The spirits send word that we should not grieve.’ I nodded and made the same gesture in acknowledgement. Phambile leaned forward, speaking in a low voice, and said, ‘It was not the KNF.’
‘I’m sorry – you mean –?’
Phambile said, ‘I’m talking about the landmine – the explosion. It wasn’t the KNF.’
I sat forward and looked closely at Phambile. ‘Who then?’
Phambile said, ‘It’s the colonialists and their collaborators. They plant the mines.’
I said, ‘Yes, I’ve heard that. But why?’
‘Because, comrade, they want to discredit our revolutionary struggle. It is called “dirty tricks.” They try to discredit the KNF.’ Phambile was watching me closely. In the flickering, subdued light of the lamp, his brown eyes were deep and liquid. I dropped my eyes and then looked up again. Phambile was still watching me with the same unwavering gaze.
I said, ‘My parents –?’I stopped.
‘Comrade, everyone knew your parents. They were good people – the best. The whole village, the whole district – everyone knew them. It was a great loss, not just for you, but for everybody.’
I said, ‘Yes.’ I couldn’t say any more, not right then. I wiped the corners of my eyes.
Phambile continued, ‘Comrade, the KNF does not make war on its own people. It does not even make war on all the colonialists. It only has a quarrel with the fascist politicians, the soldiers, and the people who collaborate with them. You understand?’
I nodded. Then I asked, ‘But why – my parents?’
Phambile said gently, ‘No particular reason, comrade. It was a random act of terror. It could have been anyone. That’s what the enemy thinks about our people. To the colonialists, they are interchangeable and dispensable. One person means as little as any other one. Anyone can be a victim of their tactics.’ Phambile leaned forward, gripped my arm, and said intently, ‘You see, comrade, there will be no peace for the people of Keretani until we liberate ourselves. The struggle will be long, but victory is certain.’ I swallowed and nodded again. Phambile said, ‘We know that you are playing your part in the struggle. We heard what happened to you in Fort Marnay. It makes us proud, that one of our own people has suffered for the struggle.’
I said, ‘Yes – for the struggle…’ I stopped. Then I said, ‘My parents– I miss them! Why did it happen to them? Why them?’ I put my hands over my face and started to weep.
‘Comrade Kerem, we don’t know why these things happen. But it is all for the good of the struggle.’ I hardly heard him. It was only later that I recollected Phambile’s words. There was never a time when I really understood him, even if sometimes, I though that I was getting close to the meaning. All for the good of the struggle – and my mother and father lying dead, their bodies maimed and mangled. All for the good of the struggle?
After a while, my spasms of grief started to ebb. I said, ‘I’m sorry.’ But when I looked around, I was on my own. Phambile had left as quietly as he had arrived. There, in the quiet, deep, empty darkness in my home compound, truly, I was on my own.
The next morning, Arbuthnoir arrived at the compound before I was awake. My great-aunt made him a bowl of tea and Arbuthnoir sat in my father’s carving corner – the same place that he always sat – while I got up, dressed and washed my face. When we greeted each other, his expression was taut and his voice was shaky. He said, ‘I was thinking, you know, that there will be no more carvings and no more conversations. I was also thinking how your mother used to sing to herself in the kitchen enclosure while she was preparing food. You remember?’ I nodded. Arbuthnoir said, ‘She had a lovely voice.’ I nodded again. Suddenly it came home to me that my mother and father had been Arbuthnoir’s best friends. The local priest, especially someone like Arbuthnoir, was a busy and public person. He was known to everyone and was welcome in just about every compound, Christian and non-Christian alike. He could claim scores of people as his friends and confidants. But, suddenly, I realized just how much Arbuthnoir was a private person, in spite of his expansive affability. I saw that whereas I had lost my parents, Arbuthnoir had lost his best friends. It was a poignant thought, but also comforting, in a way, to know that we were joined together in this unity of loss.
Arbuthnoir picked up the unfinished carving and ran a hand over it slowly and reflectively, as if it were a living thing that could respond to his touch; as if it were a presence that could speak to him with warmth and life from beneath its crafted surface. Arbuthnoir sighed and said slowly, ‘I’ve made the arrangements, just as we discussed them. There will be a traditional ceremony. That will be followed by a ceremony in the church. Your parents will be buried from the church.’ He turned to face me, holding the carving in both hands. He held it up to the light, turned it to examine it from different angles, and then put it down. He sighed again and said, ‘If you want to make any suggestions, just tell me.’
 ‘No, father, I have no suggestions. You know what has to be done.’
Arbuthnoir nodded. He looked at me with an intent gaze that seemed to speak both of old acquaintance and new recognition. Then he stood up heavily and said, ‘I’ll go and finalize things. I’ll come by later in the day, just to see how things are going.’
I swallowed. I was close to tears again. I muttered, ‘Thank you, father.’ Then as he turned to go, I said, ‘Father, you’ve left the carving behind.’
Arbuthnoir shot a quick glance at me. He picked up the carving and asked, ‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes. I’d like you to have it.’
Arbuthnoir stood there, holding the carving. He said huskily, ‘But it’s what your father was working on when …’ He sighed and ran his fingers over the carved wood.
I said, ‘I’ve got plenty to remember my father by.’ That was true. A number of my father’s favourite carvings were displayed in the compound. Also, over in the corner was a large crate containing more, packed and ready to be dispatched to craft shops. But there was something else as well, a subterranean thought about the future. Something told me that the future should not be cluttered with possessions, no matter how sentimental I might feel about them. I didn’t say this to Arbuthnoir. I just said, ‘Please, father, take it. My father would like you to have it. So would I.’
Arbuthnoir held the carving at arm’s length, turned it around, and said, ‘It’s good, you know. In fact, it’s very good.’ He looked at the corner where the carvings were displayed and said, ‘Your father was on his way to becoming one of the best carvers in Keretani. Another three or four years, and –’ He bit his lip and left it unsaid. Then he nodded, tucked the carving under his arm, and left the compound.
Even before I finished breakfast, visitors started arriving. From then onwards, there was a constant stream of relatives, friends and acquaintances, as well as professionals such as the village undertakers, a representative of the traditional leaders’ council – just to make sure that I knew what was expected of me – and the leader of the church choir. In fact, the compound got to be so busy, and the time grew so short, that later my aunt had to chase people away so that I could get ready for the funeral.
Nozam called on me later in the morning, just before we left for the moktola to attend the traditional ceremony. After he greeted me, he stayed in the background, talking to people and helping to serve refreshments. When my aunt shooed everyone away, Nozam refused to leave. He said, ‘No, mama, he needs an age mate to be with him now.’
My aunt put her hands on her hips and faced Nozam squarely. She said, ‘Oh, is that so. And who would that be?’ It was no secret that she had never been amongst Nozam’s admirers.
Nozam bit his lip. Then he said softly, ‘Mama, I’m sorry that you don’t think much of me. But today I’ll do everything that an age mate should do.’ When there was no response, Nozam said, ‘Please, mama, believe me. You can trust me – you will see.’
My aunt narrowed her gaze and looked Nozam up and down. Then she nodded briefly, stepped aside, and made a little movement with her hands, as if saying, ‘Well, all right, for now anyway.’
Sanomi also visited me. When she came into the compound at first she just stood there awkwardly, her hands clasped, adjusting her gaze after the glare of the sunlight outside. I saw her, made my excuses, and went over to her. ‘Sanomi! Thank you for coming.’
She gave a small start, turned, and said, ‘Oh, Kerem you made me jump.’
‘Weren’t you expecting to see me?’
‘Well, yes, of course. You’re the person I came to see. But all these people…’ Sanomi waved an arm around the compound. I followed her gesture, seeing the situation from her perspective. For the first time, consciously, I noticed just how crowded the compound was, just how much noise and activity there was in the confined space. But, even as I noticed this, it seemed to me, standing with Sanomi on the edge of the activities, as if the gathering had a life of its own, as if it had no necessary connection with anything that I, Kerem, was experiencing. Suddenly, I felt like a stranger, lonely and lost amidst the crowd. For a moment, I wondered who all these people were. Where did they come from? How were they connected to me? For a moment, I looked at the scene like a traveler who had just arrived in an exotic location and needs to get his bearings.
Sanomi took my hand and drew me further away from the crowd until we were standing right against the wall. She claimed my attention with the warmth of her hand and with the soft intimacy of her touch.
I said, ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Sorry? Why?’
‘There’s so much going on – I didn’t really, you know…’ My words couldn’t keep pace with my feelings.
Still holding my hand, Sanomi moved around to face me. She said, simply, ‘That’s all right.’ She had grown and filled out since I last saw her. Sanomi was leaving girlhood behind but she hadn’t yet properly entered the form and frame of womanhood. However, whatever the changes that were taking place in her, Sanomi was still as direct and quick as always. Probably, more than anything else, that was what took my attention. That was why she emerged so clearly from the pervasive blur of the compound. She hugged me and we stood like that for a short time, her small body consoling my bleakness, her head resting against my chest. Then she moved back and took my hand again. ‘Kerem, I’m sorry. Your parents – I’m so sorry…’ Her eyes were moist and there were tears on her cheeks. She didn’t wipe them away. She just stood there, holding my gaze, surrounding me with the gentle community of her sympathy.
Someone called my name. I said, ‘I’m sorry, I’ve got to go.’ Sanomi nodded and hugged me again. This time, before she released me, she drew my face forward and kissed me. It was a fresh and direct imprint of her presence, and it startled me. It was the second time that I had been kissed like that, directly on the lips, by a girl.
Sanomi made a small goodbye gesture and turned to go. I called after her, ‘I’ll see you later. I mean, you’ll be around later –’ I gestured towards the compound and towards the events that lay ahead – ‘I mean, the rest of the day.’
Sanomi said, ‘Of course, Kerem. I’ll be there.’
By the time the church service started, I was in a daze of emotional and physical fatigue. I remember Arbuthnoir standing behind the coffins, paying personal tribute to my mother and father. And I remember one of the hymns:

The church’s one foundation
is Jesus Christ her Lord;
she is his new creation
by water and the Word.

I joined in the singing, glancing at the place where my mother always stood in the choir. There was no gap in the ranks and no sign that she had ever been there. The choir had closed ranks and regrouped. There was a new soloist. Beyond that, I remember very little.
I remained in the village for a further two days. On the day after the funeral, some of the senior family members visited me to discuss arrangements for the future. We decided that my great-aunt would move into the compound to look after it. Family members would take over the fields until I was able to return to take up my responsibilities. No one doubted that I would be returning to take over the compound and the fields. As my great-aunt said, ‘School is all very well, but this is where your place is. You will understand that when the time comes.’
Miss Renkula also visited me, having first sent over her business card. When she greeted me, she surprised me by taking me by the shoulders, pulling me towards her, and puckering her lips past each of my cheeks in turn. It was the embrace that was favoured in fashionable circles in Fort Marnay, but it was the first time that I had experienced it. I didn’t know how to respond. Should I grasp hold of her? If so, where? Should I also pucker my lips near her cheeks? In any case, what was the significance of this butterfly-like puckering of the lips? I just stood there woodenly, immobilized by indecision, while Miss Renkula performed her ritual of greeting. Then we sat down in a corner of the compound.
In spite of the turmoil in my life, I was forced to notice Miss Renkula’s appearance. She was looking chic. Her hair was tightly plaited and she was wearing a well-cut, form-hugging business suit in a royal blue material with white trimmings at the edges. The hem of the skirt rested fashionably just above the knees while a pair of smooth, nyloned legs tapered into elegant, high-heeled shoes completed the effect. Also I noticed that she still emitted waves of the powerful, musky perfume that she had been wearing the last time we met.
Miss Renkula leaned forward, taking one of my hands between both of hers. She squeezed my hand and said, ‘My dear Kerem, I’m so very, very sorry. This is a terrible tragedy that has befallen you and those who are nearest and dearest to you.’ I muttered my responses while Miss Renkula praised my parents and said what a terrible, terrible loss it was for everyone. Then she let go of my hands, sat back, folded her legs neatly, and dabbed at the corners of her eyes. That done, she tucked the lacy handkerchief into the swelling V-front of her top and said, ‘These terrorists are doing horrible things.’
‘Terrorists, Miss Renkula?’
‘Yes, Kerem. I’m talking about the KNF, of course.’
‘You think that the KNF killed my parents, Miss Renkula?’
‘Of course, Kerem! Who else?’
‘Perhaps it was someone else.’
‘Who else? Now, who else could it be? No, Kerem, it could only be the KNF.’ She waved dismissively as if concluding the matter and said firmly, ‘Now, Kerem, in spite of all that has happened, you must think clearly about your future.’ I swallowed and nodded. What did she want? She took in the compound with an appraising glance and said just as firmly, ‘One day, my dear Kerem, you could be a person of significance in Totudi.’ I nodded again. Miss Renkula said, ‘But the question is whether this is really what you want.’ She sniffed dismissively, wrinkled her nose, and waved her handkerchief. ‘This is all very well if your horizons are limited to the village and what it has to offer. Totudi, the village life, the limited horizons – huh!’ Her eyes darted around the compound. She sniffed again and her tongue flickered over her lips. ‘But you, my dear Kerem – you have great possibilities. I think you understand what I mean?’
‘I guess so, Miss Renkula.’
She held out her dark glasses, squinting at them as if she had found some spot or flaw. Then she gave a little sigh and said regretfully, ‘If only you hadn’t –’ She paused, sighed again, and wagged a finger at me. ‘You must stop associating with that group of ruffians at Saint Teresa School.’
‘Ruffians, Miss Renkula?’
‘Come, Kerem, come! You know what I’m referring to!’ This time I didn’t trust myself to speak. Who was she to lecture me about my affairs? She continued, ‘Being involved in these demonstrations and being detained and what-what – it does no good for your future, Kerem. That’s what I’m talking about.’
‘They aren’t ruffians, Miss Renkula.’ I hoped that I said it respectfully in spite of my rising annoyance.
She sat back, fiddled with her dark glasses, and said condescendingly, ‘No, quite so. "Ruffians" might be too strong. In fact, I’m sure that they mean well. But, you know, Kerem, when I said “ruffians”, I was referring to the way people outside Saint Teresa School regard them.’
I was on the point of asking ‘White people?’ Then I thought better of it. Instead, I said, ‘Yes, Miss Renkula, they do mean well. In fact, when you think...’
Miss Renkula interrupted me with a wave of her hand, saying, ‘Meaning well – if that is indeed the case, my dear Kerem – meaning well is not good enough. It is actions that count. And what do people actually see? I will tell you what they see. They see a bunch of scholars marching around, defying the authorities, shouting slogans, singing ridiculous songs – heh!’ She paused. Her eyes narrowed. ‘They should be in the classroom where they belong, getting an education for their own good and for the good of the country. That’s where they should be – not marching around, wasting their time, and causing trouble.’
I opened my mouth to say something but she waved her hand again and pronounced, ‘That’s bad enough, wasting time and causing a public disturbance. But worst of all is the fact that they are being used.’
‘Used, Miss Renkula?’
‘Yes, of course! Used! They’re no more than what someone called useful idiots.’
‘Who called them useful idiots, Miss Renkula?’
‘It’s a term that was coined by some leading communist – Lentil or Stalin or Mau-Mau Tsa Kong, or someone like that. It means that the communist leaders are very clever at misleading people so that the people do the dirty work for them. Then the communists come in and take over power. When that happens, all the people who were doing the dirty work – the ordinary people, the useful idiots – they get sent to labour camps, or to collective farms, or the communists kill them.’ She sat back and looked at me. Then, wagging a finger, she said firmly, ‘And that, Kerem, is what is happening with the students in Fort Marnay. They think that they’re working for great ideals, like freedom and liberation, but in fact they’re just being used as part of a subversive plot.’
With difficulty, I restrained myself and said, ‘Not everyone sees it like that, Miss Renkula.’
She tut-tutted and shrugged impatiently. ‘That’s because they are ignorant. They are uninformed.’ She leaned forward and said confidentially, ‘You and me, Kerem, we know how it is in the village. It is peaceful, quiet, and contented – and so is most of Keretani, except where these agitators and trouble-makers are at work. Look around you, Kerem. What do people know about the world outside? What do they know about politics and economics, and all these important things? They are ignorant, Kerem, ignorant! They don’t have the advantages of education.’ She tut-tutted again. ‘If they could only see through the propaganda, they would see the real truth. That’s why education is so important. It equips people to think for themselves, to see where the truth really lies.’
‘The truth, Miss Renkula?’
She leaned back, crossed her legs, and looked at me narrowly. She said sharply, ‘The truth, Kerem, is that we are making good progress in Keretani. We have our own Internal Government of National Concord. Soon, we will have our own constitution, with a bill of fundamental human rights. We are localizing the civil service. More and more, we are taking responsibility for our own affairs. Take me for example. Don’t you see me as an example of the opportunities that are opening up, Kerem?’
‘Yes, Miss Renkula. I can see how you have taken advantage of your opportunities.’
She looked at me sharply for a moment, eyes narrow. Then she wagged a finger at me. ‘Well, Kerem, there you have it. And there’s room for more people from the highlands in the new civil service. Wouldn’t you like a position like that one day?’
‘I would like to have a good job one day, Miss Renkula.’
‘Good, Kerem, good! Then we agree.’ She waved a dismissive hand at the compound and said firmly, ‘A good job! Yes indeed. Think about that, Kerem. Think about how you can play your part in the process. If you do well at school, we can arrange a university scholarship for you – a scholarship to a European university. You’d like that, wouldn’t you?’
‘Yes, Miss Renkula. Who wouldn’t?’
‘Good! You see the possibilities! Keretani needs bright young people like you. But don’t dabble in revolutionary politics any more.’ She said ‘revolutionary’ with a sneer. Then she stood up, smoothed down her skirt, and pronounced, ‘Absolutely not! Another incident like that will be the ruin of you!’
At the entrance to the compound, Miss Renkula said, ‘Don’t forget, my dear Kerem – work hard and do well at your studies, and you will have a bright future. A good job, a scholarship – we can arrange it all for you. But, above all, don’t get involved in politics. No politics, eh?’ She took hold of my shoulders, pulled me towards her, and puckered her lips – phuk! phuk! – in the vicinity of my cheeks, first right, then left. Then she put on her dark glasses, took a last frowning look around, and left.
Two days after the funeral, Sanomi visited me. She hugged me warmly, her head resting against my chest, her arms around me. After all the words and formalities, this uncomplicated embrace was like a flood of water in a dry riverbed. For a moment, I wanted it never to end, the two of us standing there, body against body, without words, just the exchange of feelings through flesh and close presence.
Sanomi stood back and asked, ‘How are you?’
I mumbled, ‘Oh, all right, I guess.’ Sanomi cocked her head to one side again and stood there quietly, smiling at me. I said, ‘Would you like to sit down? Over there, perhaps?’
She shook her head. ‘No. This place is too busy. I’d like to take a walk with you.’
At the edge of the village, Sanomi said, ‘This way.’ We started on the bush path that led to the school. After a few minutes, Sanomi stopped and asked, ‘Do you remember what we talked about, the first time that we met on this path?’
‘I remember that we met here. But I can’t really remember what we talked about.’
‘We talked about the carving.’
‘Oh, yes – right! The carving of Brother George.’
We grinned at each other. Sanomi said, ‘I never did get to see that carving.’
‘That was a pity. My father always said it was one of his best carvings.’
‘What happened to it?’
‘I guess Brother George liked the carving so much that he couldn’t bear to share it with anybody else.’ I told her the story and Sanomi burst out laughing. She twirled in merriment and her dress flared out in the bell shape that I remembered from a long time ago. But now, like a traveler who suddenly comes across a fine panorama, I found that I was interested in the developing form that was revealed as the dress spread out around her.
Sanomi stopped, faced me, and took my hand. ‘Oh, Kerem, that was such a good story. Thank you!’ She twirled again and laughed. We walked a few paces down the path, close and companionable. She held my hand and said, ‘Your mother was my friend, you know.’
‘No. I didn’t know that.’
Sanomi said, ‘Only during the last few months.’
‘This is a surprise.’
‘I used to visit her. She taught me how to cook some of her favourite dishes.’
‘Like torula and cassivo?’
‘Yes, and some others as well.’
‘How did you get to know her?’
‘Oh, she just happened to meet me one day in the village. She said, “You’re Sanomi, aren’t you? If you’re going to marry my son, I’d better get to know you.” Then she invited me to visit her.’
‘What! She said that? About marrying me!’
Sanomi grinned at me provocatively. ‘Yes, that’s what she said.’
‘Oh, no! Man, I don’t believe it!’
Sanomi lowered her eyes, scuffed the point of a shoe in the dust, and said, ‘Well, it’s sort of true.’
 ‘Oh, you still intend to marry me?’
‘Well, I don’t know. What I mean is that I did say something like that to you’
‘Yes, you did.’
‘I was a lot younger then. You know how children say all sorts of things.’
‘Yes, they do.’
As we walked along side by side, Sanomi started to giggle. She tried to suppress it, but she couldn’t. I looked at her and frowned. She looked back at me, straight-faced. Then she turned her face away and let out a peal of laughter.
I asked. ‘What’s so funny?’ But I couldn’t keep a straight face, either. Sanomi’s mood was infectious. We stood there facing each other, grinning and chuckling.
Later, when equanimity had been restored, Sanomi told me about her visits to my mother, about the dishes that she learned to cook, and about the things that she and my mother talked about. She started to cry and I held her tight for a while. Holding her, I felt a conflicting mix of emotions – protectiveness, sadness, fierce tenderness mingled with desire, poignant regret, and gratitude.
At mid-morning on the third day after the funeral, Nozam and I walked down the hill to start our journey back to Fort Marnay. As we approached the shops, we heard the characteristic, high-pitched whining of armored troop-carriers. Next we heard the sound of a loudhailer. We walked over and joined the crowd, craning our necks to see what was going on. Nozam asked, ‘What’s happening?’
Someone said, ‘It’s the soldiers. They’ve shot some people.’ He spat and said, ‘Bastards! Why don’t they leave us alone?’
I asked, ‘Who did they shoot?’
Nozam said, ‘It must be someone from the KNF.’
 ‘From the KNF? Why do you say that?’
Nozam replied, ‘The KNF attacked some military vehicles yesterday afternoon, about twenty kilometers from Totudi. I heard it on the radio this morning.’
We pressed forward until we were near the front of the crowd. An officer with a loudhailer was saying that the soldiers had killed some terrorists during the attack and he invited people to view the results.
Two bodies were lying on the ground in front of the officer. The corpses were dusty, disheveled, and bloody while the faces were bloated and swollen, disfigured in death. I took a quick look and then turned away when I felt my stomach begin to turn. But something had caught my attention so I took another quick look at one of the corpses. In spite of the disfigurement, I could see that the face was lean, with high cheekbones. I could also see that the right ear was missing.
I plucked Nozam’s sleeve and said, ‘It’s Phambile.’
Nozam looked around quickly. His face was drawn. He said thickly, ‘Yes. It is him.’
I said, ‘He came to visit me, the night that we arrived.’
‘Oh? What did he want?’
‘He told me that my parents weren’t killed by the KNF.’
Nozam grunted, shrugged, and turned his face away. After a few steps he said harshly, ‘This time we know who killed who, don’t we?’
Silently we walked away, leaving behind the buzz of the crowd, the voice of the officer on the loudhailer, and the corpses lying on the ground.

ELEVEN: THE LEOPARD CHANGES ITS SPOTS?

I propped a pillow behind my head, pulled the duvet up under my chin, and said, ‘Marry me, Rita.’
‘What? Right now?’ With raised eyebrows, Rita looked at me sceptically over the rim of her coffee mug. 
I said, ‘Hey, come on, you know what I mean – as soon as possible. Next week, or maybe some Saturday next month, if that suits you better.’
Rita said with a straight face, ‘Next week isn’t possible. I’ll be in Manchester for most of the week. Anyway, what’s the hurry? Why so sudden? Why next month?’
‘Next month is June. I thought that was the month that English people favoured for marrying.’
Rita sipped at her coffee, pulled a wry face and said, ‘This Tanzanian coffee is bitter. Why don’t you buy some decent coffee?’
‘Like what?’
‘Oh, Brazilian, or something like that.’
‘I like Tanzanian coffee.’
‘No, you don’t. You hardly ever drink coffee. You buy Tanzanian coffee for sentimental reasons, because it’s African, and then you give it to me to drink.’ Rita spooned sugar into the mug and stirred it vigorously. She sipped again, said, ‘That’s a lot better’ and leaned back against her pillow, cradling the mug in both hands. Then she said, ‘No. I won’t marry you.’
‘Why not?’
She clicked her tongue in annoyance. ‘Look, Kerem, when a woman says no, you don’t ask why. You should have some respect for a woman’s feelings, not to mention her opinions.’
‘Is it because I’m black?’
Rita looked at me narrowly. Her eyebrows went up again, even further than before. She said sharply, ‘You had too much to drink last night, didn’t you?’
‘I only had three pints.’
‘Yes, and that was two pints too many for you, wasn’t it? You know that you don’t have a head for alcohol.’
I grinned wryly. ‘Okay, I’ll admit it. My head hurts – not much, just a bit.’
Rita leaned over and clinked a teaspoon against her mug, right up next to my ear. ‘Hurts a bit more now, doesn’t it?’ Rita hardly ever drank alcohol and she had no patience with anyone who suffered ill effects from drinking. I pushed her hand away. She leaned back against the pillow, smoothed the duvet over her body, and then said tight-lipped, ‘Don’t ever again try that on me.’
‘Try what?’
‘That “It’s because I’m black” stunt! Don’t ever, ever, give me that – never again.’
I mumbled, ‘I’m sorry!’ I reached out and touched her arm but she pushed me away and clicked her tongue. She shifted to the edge of the bed, pulled the duvet even further up under her chin, propped herself on an elbow, and said, ‘I never want to hear that again – never again!’
I don’t know what came over me, to say that to Rita. I guess I was feeling down. I mumbled, ‘I apologise. I’m really sorry.’
‘Sorry, sorry – that’s all very well. I go out with you for how long –?’
I mumbled, ‘About three years.’
‘Right! Three years! At least you remember that! I go everywhere with you – pubs, restaurants, political meetings, busses, trains – everywhere. And this –’ She gestured around the room and then patted the bedclothes, making a furrow between us. ‘And this? What do you think this is? I’m living with you! I’m your live-in girlfriend. And then you ask if –’ Rita stopped suddenly, clicked her tongue in annoyance, and fell back against the pillow. Looking up at the ceiling, her face averted, she said in a distant voice, ‘So, don’t ever, ever, pull that on me again. I don’t deserve it and you know it.’
‘Okay, Rita I got the message. Anyway, I said I was sorry.’ I leaned over and stroked her hair where it curled forward against her cheek. ‘I really am sorry – sorry, sorry, sorry! Believe me, Rita, I really am.’
I met Rita soon after I arrived in London. I was lonely, dispirited, and bitter after my experiences at the hands of my own comrades. It helped when I met Nenkoseni, an old face from Saint Teresa School, who was running the KNF liaison office in London. Nenkoseni said, ‘I’m KNF through and through, comrade, but I must admit that you were treated badly. I know it, you know it, and just about everyone knows it – except maybe Lokusi and his lot. Hey, comrade, let’s go to a pub and talk about old times.’ We became friends, but, for Nenkoseni’s sake, we kept our relationship low-key and confidential.
Nenkoseni introduced me to the Keretani Support Group in London. The group consisted of Britons who had some or other commitment to the liberation of Keretani, as well as Keretanians, some of whom were members of the KNF, and some not. Most of the non-members had originally gene into exile as members of the KNF but later left the movement for various reasons – ideological differences, internal power struggles, and latterly, the escalating saga of witch-hunts and detentions.
Rita was the honorary treasurer for the group. She got involved with the Keretani Support Group when a young woman named Renate, a Keretanian who was a friend of hers at work, suddenly disappeared. The woman’s friends came looking for her and Rita got involved. As Rita said, the police and the authorities paid a lot more attention to a white Englishwoman like herself than they paid to black foreigners like Renate’s friends.
To cut a long story short, the missing woman was found two days later. She had been kidnapped and was being held in an apartment belonging to the KNF until she could be smuggled out of the country, probably drugged in a cargo crate, on her way to Lepando. 
Renate had been making a lot of noise about her brother who was detained by the KNF in Lepando, and it was clear that elements in the KNF wanted to silence her. Embarrassed by the publicity, which was largely Rita’s doing, the British authorities declared the senior KNF representative in London an undesirable person. He left the country in a hurry and Renate’s brother was released by the KNF shortly afterwards. That’s how Rita got involved with the Keretanian cause.
As she told me just after I met her, ‘God, do you realize that the jackboot faction’– that’s what Rita called Lokusi and his security division thugs – ‘do you realise that they would have had Renate out of the country within a day or two, and then who knows what would have happened to her?’
I said, ‘Oh, I can tell you what would have happened to her. Believe me. I know! If she was lucky, she would have been thrown into a dungeon or a stinking cell. If she wasn’t lucky, one of Lokusi’s thugs would have taken her as a personal sex-slave, washer-woman, kitchen skivvy, and receiver of drunken beatings.’
Rita said, ‘Well, whatever would have happened to her, I reckoned that I had to do something.’ She stopped, shrugged, and said, ‘I thought perhaps I could support some of the people I knew and help to make Keretani a better place as well.’ She shrugged again. ‘So that’s how I got involved.’
It was Rita who suggested that it would be useful to establish a media centre to disseminate information about Keretani. I followed up the idea, found a donor, and within six months the Keretani Information Centre was in operation.
Not long after we first met, Rita and I got involved with each other. I liked her long auburn hair, her green eyes, and her smooth, pale complexion. I liked her lean face with its full mouth, high eyebrows, and expression of reflective alertness. I like the fact that she cared for people – I mean, really cared, in a deep way. She would quote a line from a poem – ‘Rage, rage, against the dying of the light’– and say. ‘That’s the way it should be Kerem. We don’t have to accept injustice and cruelty. Rage against them and then do something.’ And that’s something else that I liked about Rita – the fact that she was also practical. She wasn’t just emotions and feelings – she could roll up her sleeves, so to speak, and get down to doing something about the things that she believed in and the people whom she cared for.
Of course, I liked the fact that she was good to me and that she was a good lover. I also liked the fact that people couldn’t guess how good she was as a girlfriend and a lover just by looking at her. In her well-cut business suits and tailored slacks she looked like a toned-down, upwardly mobile career woman. I knew things about Rita that were my secret – the good things that lay under her well-groomed, poised exterior – and I liked that, too.
However, I didn’t like the fact that I didn’t know if we had a future together. Oh, I knew what Rita felt for me. She told me, many times. I felt the same for her. But my feelings for her were matched in intensity by feelings for Keretani. I didn’t know if the two were compatible, in the longer run. I guess that’s why I asked her to marry me. I wanted to get rid of the dark shadow of uncertainty that lay behind all the brightness of my relationship with Rita. I guess I thought, this way I’ll settle the matter, one way or another.
Rita was sitting up in bed now, looking less tense. Her hair was tousled and her face was still flushed from our conversation. Sipping her coffee, she looked at me, half annoyed. I grinned at her. She puckered her lips, gave me a mock frown, and sipped her coffee again. These were good moments. I liked the intimacies of early mornings in bed with Rita. Later, when she did her hair, put on her make-up, and got dressed in her business suit, stockings and high-heeled shoes, I felt as if she was slipping away from me. I felt that she was going out to be part of the world that wasn’t mine, a world that just tolerated me for a while, a world that I probably couldn’t fully enter, and didn’t want to, anyway.
Rita asked, ‘Do you want to know why?’
‘Know what?’
‘Why I won’t marry you?’
‘I thought that women didn’t have to give their reasons?’
‘They don’t have to. But they may choose to.’
‘Yes, I’d like to know why.’
Rita said, ‘I suppose the main reason is that I’m happy with my life. I’m happy with my career. I just don’t know if I want to give it up for something that I don’t know anything about. I don’t know if I have the courage, either.’
I said, ‘You’re a junior accounts executive at the age of twenty-seven. That’s good going. You’ve done well for yourself. I understand your feelings.’
Rita’s face was still flushed. She said, ‘There’ll be a vacancy soon in middle management. I should get the position. That will mean a promotion. So, you see –’ She looked at me almost appealingly.
‘You deserve it.’ I reached for a biscuit, took a bite, and then put it down on the duvet under my chin.
Rita said, ‘I reckon I do deserve it. I do a good job and I ought to be next in line for promotion. But, then, I look at how things work in the company…’ She bit her lip and muttered, ‘Huh! That’s when I think that  merit and deserving won’t be what decides it.’
‘No? What will be the deciding factor?’
Rita gave me a wry look and said, ‘My boobs.’
‘Your boobs?’
‘That’s what I said.’
‘Well, if you want my opinion, you have excellent boobs. If that’s really a criterion for promotion, then, hey, you shouldn’t have any trouble.’ Rita gave me a half-exasperated, half-amused look. I said, ‘Okay, okay, I understand what you’re saying. You’re a woman and maybe that’ll count against you. They put up more hoops for you to jump through. Right?’
She said, ‘Ha! Tell me the old, old story. Yes, you’ve got the picture.’
I replied, with feeling, ‘I understand more than you might think I do. Black men have to try harder, too. Here in England, they have to try a lot harder, believe me.’ Rita nodded. I continued, ‘It’s just as well that black men don’t also have boobs. ‘
She relaxed, chuckled, and said, ‘Black men with boobs! It sounds like a good title for a play.’
‘Black men with boobs? Man, that would finish us forever! They wouldn’t even employ us as hewers of wood and drawers of water or whatever the British equivalent of that is.’ Rita put her coffee down and wriggled into a more comfortable position. She sighed. I said, ‘It’s a long way from Totudi.’ Rita gave me a puzzled, questioning look. I continued. ‘My mother only went as far as grade four at school. That was pretty good going, in her day. She didn’t know anything about careers. Come to think of it, just about no one knew anything about careers when I was growing up in the village.’
‘You did.’
‘No, I didn’t, not really. I got a break when I got a scholarship to go to secondary school. The rest followed from that.’
Rita picked up the biscuit, nibbled at a corner, and said, ‘And now here you are, pursuing a career in London. You’ve come a long way.’
‘I might have come a long way, distance-wise, but it’s not a career.’
‘No? What is it then?’
‘It’s a vocation – a calling – a mission. It’s – I know what it is, but I don’t know a name for it.’
 ‘Why not call it a career?’
I shook my head. ‘No. A career is what happens to people like me after the struggle is over. It’s what happens to us when Keretani is free, when we go home. That’s when our careers begin.’
Rita nibbled at the biscuit and then said, ‘One day you’ll go home, back to Keretani. That’s definite, isn’t it? You won’t stay in England? You’ve made up your mind?’
I nodded. ‘The struggle isn’t about people like me spending the rest of our lives in London, or Berlin, or New York, or refugee camps in some African country. It’s about winning the struggle and going home.’ There was silence. Rita nodded thought fully and pursed her lips. I thought, ‘This is too difficult. Some other time, maybe. But when? Was there ever a proper time for a thing like this?’ I gave myself a mental shake and, at last, I asked the question that had to be asked, sooner or later. I asked Rita, ‘You don’t want to go home with me?’
Rita dropped her eyes and said, ‘Don’t misunderstand me, Kerem. I’d like to go to Keretani with you. I’d like that very much.’
‘Well, then, why –?’
Rita put a hand on my arm. She said firmly, ‘Hear me out, Kerem. Let’s get this matter clear between us.’
‘Go ahead. I’m listening.’
‘Whatever happens, I’ll be there when Keretani gets its independence. I’ll be there to celebrate, when it finally happens. There’s no way I’m going to miss it. No way!’
I nodded. Then I asked, slowly, ‘But you don’t want to live there with me?’
Rita shrugged and said wearily, ‘Oh, god, I wish I could make up my mind, one way or the other Sometimes I think, why not? But most of the time, I think, no, my home is here. This is my country. This is where my family is. This is where my career is.’
I said, ‘Keretani will need good accountants.’ Rita gave me a quick, uncertain glance. I knew that glance by now. It meant that Rita wasn’t sure whether or not I was teasing. I put a hand on her arm. ‘No, Rita, I’m serious. Hey, do you think that accountants grow on trees in developing countries?’ I leaned over, ran a hand down her cheek, and said, ‘What I’m saying is, you won’t be short of work. You’ll have a career in Keretani, just the same as here.’ I wanted her to believe me, even if I knew that I didn’t even know if I would have a place in the queue when they started giving out jobs and positions in liberated Keretani. After all, I wasn’t exactly at the top of the KNF’s popularity list. How could I give assurances to other people?
‘I don’t know, Kerem. Perhaps you’re right. Perhaps –’
‘Think about it, Rita, think about it. That’s all I’m asking.’
Rita stretched and sighed heavily. ‘The trouble is, England is such a damn rat race. You drop out of it, lose your place, and that’s it –’ She shook her head wearily.
‘Well, then, why not drop out of the race? Or join the Keretani rat race, which will be different, at least, and probably less crowded.’
Rita frowned and bit her lip. ‘It’s a big decision. The rat race is a damnable, grinding frustration, that’s for sure. Sometimes I just want to throw it all up. But as I said, if you drop out, even for a few years, that’s it – you’ve lost your place. Everyone has scurried past you. You just see their tails waving in the distance. When you try to take up your career again, it’s practically back to square one. To make things worse, you have to compete with the newer, younger rats. And then, being a woman as well – it’s not easy! Oh, damn it, it’s not easy.’ Rita sounded as unhappy and resigned as a person who is telling the story of a lifelong, chronic ailment.
I wanted to say, ‘Hey, if it makes you so unhappy, why not give the whole thing up and start afresh?’ But I didn’t want to put her under too much pressure. So instead I said, ‘Well, think about it. You don’t have to make up your mind right now. You know what I feel for you. That won’t change.’
Rita chuckled, gave me a quick grin, and said, ‘A career in the tropics? I think about it a lot. All right, I’ll think about it some more.’ She looked at her watch. ‘Wow! I have to get moving!’ She scrambled out of bed and headed for the bathroom. I lay back and enjoyed the sight of her pale shapeliness against the dark blue wallpaper. I called after her, ‘I like it when you do that.’
‘Do what?’Her voice came back to me from beyond the bathroom door.
‘I like it when you jump out of bed naked. For me, it’s the highlight of the day.’
Wrapped in a towel, Rita looked around the door. She wrinkled her nose and struck her tongue out at me. Then she said, ‘Wow! Is that really the time? My watch must be slow. I’ve got to get moving.’ There was the sound of water running into the bath. I could relax for a while. It was only seven o’clock and I didn’t start work until half past nine.
I left the house at about a quarter to nine. It was late May, but the air was still chilly and I snuggled deeper into my coat, pulling it close across my chest. I walked down the street, between the same-faced rows of terraced houses, wondering who was peering at me from behind the bland facades. I felt like this every morning, even though I never spotted anyone peering at me. I told myself, man, so what if some bored housewife, some idle pensioner or whoever, is looking at you from behind a curtain? So what? They can’t affect your life. They mean nothing to you. It would be different if you thought that the KNF, maybe even Lokusi and his thugs, were spying on you. But that’s not likely, not here.
I turned the corner and went down the steps into the tube station. Standing on the platform, I was struck, as always, by how somberly these people dressed. It seemed to be paradoxical, this uniformity of colour and style, this blending with the crowd, in a land that vaunted individual liberty. I always felt that I was missing something, some element that would give me the explanation and resolve the paradox. Different to home, I thought, very different. There, back in Keretani, people expect to greet or be greeted. They welcome an opportunity to stop and exchange news and views. They call out to each other, across crowds, across streets and open places, sharing themselves, inviting others to join their conversations and exchanges. When they meet, they embrace with grand and expansive gestures that match the openness of their emotions.
I thought, ‘I’ve been abroad for fifteen years. That’s more than half my life. Yet I still have these lucid and sure images of Keretani. Customs, manners, bright and flowing attire, clear and strong light, the stronger colours of flowers and foliage – the images are always with me. Sometimes when I wake up in the dark of the night, in that half-awake state my consciousness is flooded by these images. Emerging from the depth of sleep, I’ll even reach out to grasp them. Then, as reality takes hold, I’ll experience devastation so intense that it’s as if I’ve just recently lost someone whom I love.’
Lying there in the dark, physically anchored to this place and this reality, I would ache for the unattainable, for that envisioned place that had slipped away into the enveloping darkness and space. I would lie there wondering whether other exiles felt like this. I guessed that they did, although we never spoke about these things. When we got together, we spoke about the politics, the economics, and the social shapes of home. We shared our aspirations and our plans. We drank the beverages and ate the food of home, wearing the colours and styles of that far-off, remembered place, while we danced and relaxed to our own music. But we never spoke of the startling images and aching sense of loss that we experienced when we were between waking and sleeping in the forlorn hours of the night. We never spoke about how exile was like having lost a limb. Your inner senses tell you that it’s still there, but you know it’s not. You reach out to touch it, even while you smile at your own foolishness for thinking that reaching out will bring it within your grasp.
We were also the people of the underground. We were deeply afraid that one day when we came up above ground, everything would have changed. We feared that there would be no place for us, in spite of all our grand plans and aspirations. Sometimes, I changed the image and thought that we were like mariners who fell overboard. We were afraid that Keretani would have sailed away from us, like a ship that leaves its castaways bobbing in its wake on a dark ocean. We would reach out and cry towards it, but we wouldn’t be noticed. The ship of state, ‘MV Keretani’, would sail onward regardless. And, worst fear of all, it wouldn’t matter whether or not we were on board. It wouldn’t matter at all. Things would go on just the same without us. That was our worst fear.
I had arranged to meet Nenkoseni that evening. It wasn’t good for him to be seen with me, so we usually met in an out of the way pub. We settled down with our pints in a comfortable corner and I asked him, ‘How’s it going?’
He said, ‘Good, comrade, good. The settlement is starting to fall into place.’
‘For the twenty-sixth time? Or is it the twenty-seventh time?’
‘No, comrade, don’t be so sceptical.’
‘Pardon me, man, but I’ve heard it all before.’
Nenkoseni took a pull at his beer and smacked his lips in satisfaction. ‘Ah! We’re not going to get these ales when we go home, hey? Maybe someone should start a business – Keretani Real English Ales, or what-what.’ He leaned forward and said confidentially, ‘No, this time it’s serious. Papa Kwe was here in London two days ago, on his way to New York. He told us that this is the nearest a settlement has ever been. The two sides are in New York right now, meeting at the United Nations.’
‘Oh, that’s different! You heard it straight from the mouth of his Honourable Excellency Kwemuzo, President of the KNF! Well, he would say that, wouldn’t he? He needs to keep hope alive. He doesn’t want another mutiny or more defections, does he?’
Nenkoseni wagged a finger at me, partly in mock disapproval, partly in earnest. ‘Like I said, comrade, don’t be so sceptical. It has to come some time. Why not now?’
‘Maybe! But I haven’t heard about it. Nor has anyone else at the centre.’
He said, ‘You’re not meant to hear about it. It’s still too early.’
‘Is that the way that the KNF does the nation’s business – behind closed doors? Man, next thing, we’ll be hearing that they’ve done a nice, neat swap.’
Nenkoseni eyes narrowed. ‘A swap? How do you mean?’
‘I mean that we’ll be hearing that the KNF and the colonialists have come to a cosy little arrangement.’
‘Arrangement?’
‘Sure! The colonialists hand over to the KNF, and then they pull out. The rest of us – well, we just have to accept it – deal concluded, fait accompli. New rulers for old, black faces for white, without any of those troublesome little details like elections and constitutions. It’s been done before, hasn’t it, man?’
 Nenkoseni’s eyes flashed and he said sharply, ‘Look, comrade, I know you aren’t the biggest fan of the KNF –’
‘Do you blame me?’
Nenkoseni took a deep breath. He exhaled and said, ‘No, I don’t blame you. You know that, man. But still –’ He waved a hand in frustration. ‘That’s not the way it’s going to be. This is going to be a transparent settlement with a democratic process. I might not be in New York right now, but I know exactly what’s going on.’ Nenkoseni took a hip flask out of his pocket, looked around surreptitiously, and took a swig. He licked his lips, said, ‘Ah!’, and put the flask back in his pocket. I raised my eyebrows. Nenkoseni gave a half-shy grin and said, ‘Just a chaser. It goes well with the beer.’
I cradled my mug and thought about the matter. If Nenkoseni was right, then this was big news. But was he as well-informed as he thought he was? I trusted Nenkoseni, more than anyone else in the KNF, and more than I trusted a lot of people out of it, as well. But perhaps that was the trouble. Perhaps they were feeding Nenkoseni false information because they knew that a lot of people would believe it, if it came from him. Maybe I was meant to carry the news back to the Keretani Information Centre. Maybe? Who knew what the truth was? I said, ‘I’d like to believe it, man. I’m telling you, I’d like to believe it. Hey, you must know that.’
Nenkoseni said, earnestly, ‘You can believe it for sure, comrade. This is the real thing at last. We’re going down the home straight.’
‘Repatriation of exiles, free and fair elections, a democratic constitution, the rule of law – it’s all going to happen, hey?’
‘Yes, comrade, that’s right. That’s just how it’s going to happen.’
‘And you’re telling me that the KNF is going to reform itself overnight? You’re telling me that suddenly the KNF is going to become a democratic, transparent organization?’
‘Well, comrade, you’ve got to understand how things are. It’s not as if –’
‘Oh, come on, Nenkoseni, you want me to believe that the KNF suddenly changes from Stalinism to openness? You really want me to believe that the leopard changes its spots? Come on – get a hold on reality!’
He leaned back and looked at me with narrowed eyes, lips tight. Suddenly, I saw him addressing the scholars outside the classrooms at Saint Teresa School. What did he say – be brave, be determined, be disciplined, and be dignified? Yes, it was something like that. I visualized the younger Nenkoseni, standing in the dock in the courtroom in Fort Marnay. I felt bad, really bad. I felt like a heel. Why was I off-loading my anger and doubts onto Nenkoseni? What had happened to me wasn’t his fault. In fact, if it wasn’t for Nenkoseni, I’d probably still be rotting away in some filthy prison cell – or maybe I’d be dead. I said, ‘Sorry, man. I’m just sceptical. I guess I’ve heard too many rumours, not to mention deceptions and outright lies. I believe you.’
We sat there in silence for a while. Then Nenkoseni asked, ‘Want another beer?’
‘Thanks. Just a half pint. That’ll do.’
Nenkoseni took another quick swig at the hip flask, pushed back his stool, and got up. He took a few steps, then stopped, looked at his watch, and said, ‘Hey, comrade, I nearly forgot.’
‘Forgot what?’
‘I nearly forgot that someone is going to meet us here. He should have been here by now.’
‘Who?’
‘Someone from home.’
‘Mystery, mystery! Who is it?’
Nenkoseni waved a hand airily and grinned conspiratorially. ‘You’ll see.’ He walked over to the bar counter and while he was ordering the drinks, someone came through the door. I looked at the newcomer, and then looked again. I thought my imagination was playing tricks. It couldn’t be him. But it was. It was Nozam, standing there in a dark suit with a natty striped tie, looking around confidently. There was a young woman with him. She was a stunner, with her tall frame, narrow face and large eyes. She was dressed in an African outfit of colorful tie-dyed material that blazed in the dim recesses of the pub. The outfit had puffed sleeves and a pinched waist that emboldened her shape while her dark skin set off the shimmering curvaceousness of the outfit.
Conversation stopped. Every man in the pub was looking at the woman. She stroked a hand over her waist and down her hip, said something to Nozam, and smiled. She was in the spotlight, and she liked it. I looked at Nozam, and then I looked at the woman again. Something flickered in my memory. I was sure that I had met her once. But where?
Nozam shrugged off his coat, folded it over his arm, and put an arm around the woman’s waist. She inclined her head towards him and said something. Nozam smiled, looked around, and whispered something in return. She laughed and they stepped forward into the pub. Nozam still hadn’t seen me. Nenkoseni went over to them, shook their hands, and escorted them to our table. Nenkoseni grinned, gestured expansively, and said, ‘I guess you two know each other.’
Nozam stood there, looking down at me calmly as if nothing had ever happened between us. He put out his hand and said, ‘Hullo, Kerem. Good to see you.’
What could I do? For Nenkoseni’s sake, I struck out my hand and shook Nozam’s hand briefly. But I didn’t stand up to greet him. Nenkoseni shot a look at me. He said, ‘And this is Miss Virginia Tlokuni.’ I stood up and shook her hand.
Nozam said, ‘Miss Tlokuni is my secretary.’
I said, ‘Please to meet you.’
She held my hand just longer than was necessary. ‘So this is Kerem? Yes, I have heard much about you.’
I said, ‘I’m sure that we’ve met before.’
‘Met before? No, I don’t think so.’
But we had met before. It was coming back to me – the taxi drive back from the detention centre, the girl who joined Jero and me, and the moist kisses. It was her, all right. I said. ‘Didn’t we ride in the same taxi once, in Fort Marnay?’
Miss Tlokuni’s eyes flickered. She took a long look, recognised me, and said firmly, ‘No. We haven’t met. If we did meet, I would surely remember it.’
I asked, ‘Aren’t you related to Nenkoseni?’
She looked at me coolly and said, ‘Good heavens, no. I only met him for the first time just yesterday, here in London.’
Nenkoseni looked at me curiously. I shrugged. Nenkoseni broke the ice by saying, ‘Sit down, comrades.’
Nozam took a stool opposite me and Miss Tlokuni sat next to him, flashing her legs as she tucked them to one side under the table.
Nenkoseni said, ‘I’m just getting the drinks. What will you have?’
Nozam replied, ‘A soda water, please. Miss Tlokuni will have a cognac on the rocks. Only a single, please.’ He looked at her for confirmation. She nodded, gave a little you-know-it wave, shifted on her stool, and tugged her skirt down so that the hem touched the top of her knees.
Nenkoseni laughed. ‘No alcohol for the Reverend Suffragan Bishop Nozam, hey?’
Nozam’s eyes lit up with pleasure and he said, ‘You heard?’
Nenkoseni replied ‘Heard that you’re a suffragan bishop? Sure, we heard. News travels fast. It even travels as far as London.’ He waved at us and said, ‘I’ll get the drinks. I guess it’s a long time since you and Kerem last saw each other. You’ll want to catch up on news.’ Nenkoseni walked off, leaving us alone. I thought, damn Nenkoseni! He thinks he’s doing me a favor, springing this great surprise. Sure enough, it’s a surprise, but not the way Nenkoseni thinks it is. Well, it’s not his fault. Nenkoseni doesn’t know how I really feel about Nozam. He doesn’t know what happened. But he could have asked me.
Miss Tlokuni fiddled in her purse, drew out a packet of cigarettes, and asked, ‘Smoking is okay here?’ I nodded. She lit the cigarette, blew out a puff of smoke, and said, ‘He deserves it.’
‘I beg you pardon– you’re referring to –?
Miss Tlokuni gave an impatient shrug. ‘I am saying, for sure Nozam deserves to be suffragan bishop. In fact, he deserves to be full bishop, pure and simple. You take my word for it, it is so.’
‘I’m sure he does.’
‘No one deserves it more.’ She said it off-handedly, matter-of-factedly, as if she wasn’t concerned with my opinion. She blew out another puff of smoke and looked around idly, as if she was looking for entertainment and didn’t expect to find it here. Then she looked at me appraisingly and, when she caught my eyes, looked away quickly. Nozam was looking at me coolly and steadily, as if we were playing chess and it was my turn to move. He folded on leg over the other, clasped his hands around the raised knee, and said, ‘Well, Kerem, it’s good to see you again. Are you well?’
I wanted to say something like, ‘No thanks to you, you hypocritical, dissimulating bastard.’ But I knew how to act decently, especially in the presence of a third party, so I just said, ‘Yes – as you see me.’
He smiled easily and looked around the pub. ‘What an interesting place. It is the quintessential British pub, even if the neighbourhood has seen better days. Don’t you agree, Virginia?’
Miss Tlokuni said, ‘Yes. It is a cute place, for sure. But to eat here would not be nice. It is too rough.’
I said, ‘Well, when you’re in exile, you eat where you can afford it. Not everyone is lucky enough to be supported by per diems and allowances in US dollars.’
Nozam’s eyes flickered but he said nothing. Miss Tlokuni just took a puff at her cigarette and shrugged.
I asked ‘How is Sanomi?’
‘Sanomi?’
‘Your wife, Sanomi. How is she?’
Nozam collected himself. He smiled and said easily, ‘Oh Sanomi is all right. You know Sanomi –’ He shrugged. Then he clicked his fingers, leaning towards Miss Tlokuni, and said, ‘That reminds me. Please remember to place a call to my wife before breakfast tomorrow morning. That way I’ll catch her before she goes to work.’
Miss Tlokuni nodded and rummaged in her purse. Then she pursed her lips and replied, ‘My diary is not here.’ She snapped her purse shut.
Nozam said sharply, ‘But you can remember, can’t you?’
She dropped her eyes and mumbled. ‘Yes.’
I said, ‘Actually, I don’t know much about Sanomi, not any longer. I haven’t seen her for more than fifteen years. Remember?’
Nozam smoothed a hand over his hair and looked around again. Then he said flatly, ‘Sanomi is fine. She’s just fine.’
Nenkoseni bustled back with the drinks, sat down, and said, ‘Cheers!’ We raised our glasses. Nenkoseni looked at us cheerfully and asked me, ‘Surprise, hey, comrade?’
‘Oh yes – surprise.’
Nozam said, ‘I was just telling Kerem that it’s good to see him again. We really don’t see each other often enough.’
I said, ‘It’s a bit different to the last time we met.’
Nozam frowned and turned his face away. At last, I had got to him. Even at this moment, I couldn’t help noticing that he was as good-looking as ever. The soft lighting in the pub gave his features a sultry opaqueness. His face was still firm and unlined.
Nenkoseni asked, ‘The last time you met –?’
I said, ‘About six years ago.’
Nozam shot me a quick look. But he still said nothing.
Nenkoseni did some mental arithmetic. He frowned. ‘But six years ago, you were –’ He stopped.
I said, ‘Yes, that’s right, comrade. Six years ago I was buried deep inside a KNF prison cell in Lepando along with a lot of other people in a similar position.’
Nenkoseni gave a low whistle. He looked from me to Nozam, and then back again. Then he said, ‘Ah!’ as if he’d just entered a dense forest and was trying to hack his way through it. He shifted his stool back and gave us another close look. Again, he said, ‘Ah!’ He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. ‘So you were –?’ He stopped, then gestured at both of us, and said, ‘And that’s where you were when –?’ He stopped again.
I said, ‘Yes. I was deep inside a KNF prison cell.’
Nozam lifted his chin and said smoothly. ‘These are happier times, comrade. How nice to see you looking so well.’
Again, I wanted to say, ‘No thanks to you, you …’ However, I couldn’t find the right words in the face of Nozam’s insolence. But I gathered myself and matched urbanity with urbanity, saying, ‘Yes. And it’s good to know that the church in Keretani is contributing so much to the struggle for justice and an end to oppression. Where would the liberation struggle be without the church?’
Nenkoseni downed what was left of his drink in one gulp. His gaze flickered between us again. He stood up, saying, ‘I can see that you have a lot to talk about.’
I said, ‘Don’t go.’
Miss Tlokuni said, Oh, Mister Nenkoseni, we must get to know each other better, for sure.’
Nenkoseni ignored her. He gave me a quick, leave-me-out-of-this look and moved off, saying. ‘No, you guys catch up on old times. I’ll see you soon.’
I called after him, ‘Thanks, comrade. It’s been a nice surprise. Enjoy the rest of the evening.’ I was left alone with Nozam and his companion and I didn’t know how to react or what to say. Nozam’s impudence took my words away and, in any case, I was annoyed that I had been lured into meeting Nozam, even if Nenkoseni did mean well. I didn’t like Nozam, and I didn’t want to renew our acquaintance.
Nozam asked, ‘How are you, Kerem?’
‘I’m just fine.’
‘No, really, how are you?’
I was trying to fight down my anger. I didn’t want to give Nozam the pleasure of seeing me lose my composure. I said, ‘I’m well. I’m healthy. I have a girlfriend named Rita. I’m the director of the Keretani Information Centre. I have money in my pocket. I’m free. I come and go as I please. London is my oyster.’
Nozam said, ‘That’s good.’
Miss Tlokuni asked, ‘She is English?’
 ‘My girlfriend? Yes, she is.’
Miss Tlokuni raised an eyebrow. ‘Was she born in England?’
I knew what she was getting at. I said, ‘Oh, yes, she’s English through and through. Her family goes all the way back to Queens Elizabeth the First, or William the Wonky, or the Battle of Ratings, or whatever it is that proper English families go back to.’ She was still looking at me appraisingly so I answered the question that she was really asking. I said, ‘In fact, Rita is absolutely strawberries and cream – fair skinned, blue-eyed, light honey brown hair, the lot. She’s absolutely, tip-top, Home Counties, authentic English.’ As I said, I gave her what she wanted to hear. Her eyebrow went up by another notch. She puffed on her cigarette and looked at me as if I had suddenly doubled in stature. I said, ‘Rita is an accounts executive with a commerce degree from the University of Birmingham. She works in the City of London – right in the middle of the City, actually.’
Miss Tlokuni was looking at me as if I had just appeared from behind a cardboard cut-out of myself and had assumed interesting flesh-and-blood proportions. She said, ‘Oh, that sounds very nice.’ She turned to Nozam and asked, ‘Does it not sound nice?’
Nozam nodded.He was also looking at me appraisingly. But it was a different kind of appraisal.
I asked, ‘How does Sanomi like her new job?’
Nozam said, ‘Her new job? Oh, she likes it just fine.’ Then he added, ‘She’s the director of the Women’s Rights Centre, you know.’
I said, ‘I know.’
Nozam said, ‘News travels fast.’
‘If you work at the Keretani Information Centre, news is what you do each day, every day.’
Nozam said, ‘Sanomi sends you her best wishes.’
‘She knew that you would see me?’
‘No. Nor did I. But she said, “If you run into Kerem, please give him my best wishes.” And now I have given you her best wishes, just like she asked me to do.’
There was a pause in the conversation. I didn’t speak because I couldn’t think of anything to say that was polite while Nozam sat there, hands folded across a knee, looking around like a self-satisfied father at a Sunday school outing. I wished that someone would come up to him and do or say some of the outrageous things that I’d heard had happened to other people in pubs. I’d heard of people having beer thrown over their heads while being called black bastards or being shoved off their stools for daring to be black men who looked at other people’s women. Usually, I would be appalled even to think these things. Now I entertained the thoughts with pleasure. But, unfortunately, no one in this pub seemed to be concerned about what was going on at our table. Well, that wasn’t completely true. Men kept on sneaking glances at Miss Tlokuni, giving her looks that mixed admiration with desire. But that was all the interest that anyone showed to our table. Where were the racist thugs when I needed them?
Miss Tlokuni broke the silence, saying, ‘The Women’s Rights Centre is a silly thing.’
I asked, ‘Silly? Why?’
She waved dismissively. ‘They say that women will have equal rights with men.’
Nozam said, ‘Women have rights even now.’ He gave Miss Tlokuni a supportive glance.
She held her cigarette vertically, studied it, and flicked off the ash. She said decisively, ‘For sure, men and women are different. It is part of African culture, that it should be so. These women’s rights people – ha! They try to make us to be something that we are not. They try to make us to be Europeans, not Africans.’
Nozam said, ‘Quite so! Women have their proper place in African culture. It is a respected and honoured place.’ He looked at Miss Tlokuni approvingly and continued, ‘They should preserve that place, for the dignity of the nation.’
Miss Tlokuni added, ‘Yes! The struggle is not so that we can be like Europeans. It is so that we can be free as Africans, so that we can be proud to be what we are.’
Remembering her words in the taxi, I thought, this isn’t what I expected. What’s happened to her along the way? I looked at Miss Tlokuni closely and she dropped her eyes.
Nozam nodded and put his hand on Miss Tlokuni’s arm. ‘Virginia, that is quite true. The struggle is about regaining our freedom to be Africans, not to be copies of decadent Europeans. But, now, let us change the subject. After all, I came here to see Kerem.’
I said, as innocently as I could, ‘Well, Miss Tlokuni, thank you for telling me about how women in Keretani feel about their rights. I thought that the struggle was about rights for everyone – but it looks as if things have changed since I left Keretani.’

She opened her mouth to say something. Nozam put a hand on her arm and squeezed. She winced. Nozam kept his hand there and said, ‘Some other time. Yes?’ She bit her lip, nodded, looked away, and swung her legs around so that her body was inclined away from Nozam.
I asked, ‘What are you dong in London, Nozam?’
‘I’m here for a church conference. We’re discussing the role of the church in national liberation.’
‘Man, I’m pleased to hear it. But how about the church putting aside national liberation for a while and doing something about human liberation?’ Nozam looked at me warily. He started to speak but I interrupted him, saying, ‘As you might have guessed, I’m talking about Lepando. I’m talking about a few hundred comrades, if not more, who need liberating from their own liberation movement.’
Nozam’s eyes flashed. He stirred, uncrossed his legs, and leaned towards me. He said, ‘The church has done a great deal.’
‘Maybe it has. But if it has, it’s been doing it behind closed doors.’
‘I’m afraid you’re misinformed.’
‘Maybe it’s a case of the church hiding its light under a bushel?’
Nozam said, ‘No. It’s a case of you being misinformed.’
‘I don’t think so.’
He waved a finger at me. ‘You know, my dear Kerem, you have been out of circulation for a long time. And now that you’re no longer close to the KNF –’ He gave a there-you-have-it shrug.
I said, ‘I’ll tell you what – when I get to the office tomorrow, I’ll do some research. Perhaps I’ll dig up enough evidence to write a little article on what the church has done for victims of the struggle. I’m sure that it will only be a little article, in fact a very little article, but I’ll do what I can to beef it up.’
Nozam snorted contemptuously. ‘Oh, the Keretani Information Centre!’ He checked himself, and then said, smoothly, ‘Yes, why don’t you do that? If you do some research, you might be better informed.’
There was another eloquent silence. Then I asked Nozam, ‘What are you doing here? Really?’
‘I told you. I’m here for a church –’
‘No, I mean what you are doing here in this pub, right now?’
‘Nenkoseni invited me.’
‘Just like that? Are you saying that Nenkoseni said, “Why don’t you come and have a quiet drink at the Welder’s Arms at seven thirty this evening?” Is that what he said?’
‘Well, he said that you would be here.’
‘Ah! And you wanted to see me?’
‘Of course. Why not?’
The man’s impudence was breathtaking. I asked, ‘Why?’
‘Why?’ He shrugged. ‘Well I guess that we’d like to know that you are fit and well’ He leaned forward and said confidentially, ‘There are people who are interested in your welfare, you know.’
I thought, ‘Damn you, Nozam, you treat me like an animal on display, to be kicked around and then to be looked at whenever you want to. And, what’s more, you’re probably spying for the KNF.’ I said, ‘Yes, I know. The KNF is very concerned about me. I know just how concerned they are for my welfare.’
Nozam shrugged as if my words were so many little gnats, uselessly bombarding the fabric of his expensive suit. He looked around and asked, ‘Do you often come here?’
‘No. I’m only here because Nenkoseni invited me.’
Nozam wrinkled his nose. ‘That’s good. It’s not the sort of place I’d expect to find you in.’
I’d had enough. If I stayed longer, either I’d say things that I shouldn’t say, or I’d gag on my own words. I stood up and said, ‘I’m going!’
Nozam’s head jerked backwards. I had ruffled his feathers. He collected himself and said, ‘My dear Kerem – so soon?’ He put out his hand.
I said, ‘I have a friend waiting. I don’t like to keep friends waiting.’ I ignored his hand, nodded to Miss Tlokuni, turned, and left the table.
Nozam called after me, ‘I see that you don’t limp any more.’
I said, ‘Yes. But sometimes it still twinges.’ I walked away. Then I turned and said, ‘In fact, I can feel the injury right now. It hasn’t twinged so much for a long time.’

TWELVE: SPIES AND TRAITORS

Rita said, ‘You walked out on them!’
‘Yes. I did.’
 ‘Not very polite, were you?’
I was feeling tired. It was the tiredness of being emotionally drained, as if someone had flick-flacked my thoughts in a pinball machine and then stretched my feelings like a taut rubber band. I just said, ‘No. I guess it wasn’t polite. I wasn’t feeling polite. In fact, I felt quite murderous.’
Rita was going to say something but checked herself. She came over to me, put her hands on my shoulders, kissed my forehead and asked, ‘Want to talk about it?’ I shook my head. She asked softly, ‘Are you sure?’
I was grateful for her concern. But I was also tired and drained. I put my hands over hers and said, ‘Not tonight.’
Rita moved around to face me. She raised me to my feet, gently pulling me up by my hands. She held me tight, her body shaped against mine, the top of her head soft against my cheek. She asked, ‘Something about Lepando?’
‘Yes. Lepando. Again.’
Rita stepped back, saying, ‘Is there something you don’t want me to know about?’
‘I can tell you about it – no reason why I shouldn’t, especially after this evening. But not tonight. Right now, I’m too tired. Ask me about it tomorrow, and I’ll tell you the story.’ I went straight to bed. Rita sat by me, her hand against the back of my neck, stroking softly, until I dropped off to sleep.
Nenkoseni phoned early the next morning. He asked cautiously, ‘How did it go yesterday evening, comrade?’
‘What do you expect, man? It was damn close to disaster – if not, in fact, a disaster.’
Nenkoseni coughed, paused, and said, ‘I thought that might be the case. I detected certain tensions between you and Comrade Nozam.’
I replied, ‘You got out of it pretty quickly. The great escape, eh?’
‘I’m sorry, comrade. I didn’t know how to handle it. I thought I’d better leave it up to you.’
‘Huh! I didn’t know how to handle it, either. However, no damage done. Nozam goes his way and I go mine.’
‘Are you sure? No damage?’
‘Well, not much damage, anyway.’
There was a brief silence. Then Nenkoseni said apologetically, ‘I guess I should have checked with you before arranging a meeting.’
‘Yes. I guess you should have.’
‘I’m sorry, comrade.’
‘Okay. You meant well.’
There was another silence. Nenkoseni said, ‘I’d like to meet with you today.’
‘Today? Man, I don’t know. I’m going to be really busy, what with –’
‘Come on, comrade, don’t be like that. Give me some time. Let’s meet for lunch, hey?’
We met at lunchtime. By the time I arrived, Nenkoseni was already making inroads into a second pint of ale. He grunted a greeting and said, ‘I’m sorry about that business with Nozam.’
‘Forget about it. It left me with a bad taste in my mouth but now I’m okay.’
Nenkoseni pulled a wry face. He pointed at the chair opposite and asked, ‘Are you going to stand there forever?’ I sat down and looked around for a waiter. Nenkoseni said, ‘I’ve got good news. The settlement is definitely on track.’
‘Is it? What makes you so sure?’
‘Papa Kwe’s assistant phoned the office this morning, from New York. He said they should be signing an agreement in maybe two or three days.’
‘And after that?’
Nenkoseni shrugged. ‘Six months to implement it?’ The United Nations will have to get its logistics in place. Come to think of it, they haven’t even authorized the funding yet.’
‘Do you really think that the colonialists will pull out?’
‘They will, if they want to avoid international sanctions. The world is getting tired of time-wasting and excuses. They’re getting to be an embarrassment even to their best friends. Also, the war is costing them more than they can afford.’
I was still feeling jangled. I answered Nenkoseni more fiercely than I should have. ‘Man, Nenkoseni, come on, get real! You think that they’ll pull out nice and peaceful? You think they’re going to leave everything in place, just like that for the KNF and the rest of us to take over?’
Nenkoseni looked at me in surprise. He bit his lip and put up his hands, as if to say, ‘Calm yourself, comrade, calm yourself.’ He beckoned to a waiter and asked, ‘A half– pint for you?’
‘No. Just an orange juice, thanks. ’ The waiter took the order. I said, ‘Sorry. I guess I’m still a bit wound up – you know, Nozam and everything.’
Nenkoseni said, ‘I understand.’ He gave me a slow smile. Then he said, ‘Well, comrade, I don’t know about the colonialists pulling out nice and peaceful. They’ll be up to their tricks until the last, you can be sure of that. But they aren’t going to cause major disruptions – no dismantling of facilities, no scorched earth, nothing like that.’
‘No? You reckon?’
‘No. In terms of the settlement, they get to run the administration until the day of independence.’
‘What? You’re saying the KNF agreed to that?’
‘Not yet, comrade. But we will agree to it. It’s on the cards.’
I whistled. This was a major concession. This was news indeed.
Nenkoseni gave me a knowing grin. ‘So, you see, it won’t be to their advantage to destroy the infrastructure, scorched earth, or what-what. They’re not going to dig the ground out from under their own feet, are they? For one thing, their business interests will be secure and they won’t want to do anything to harm those.’
I sat back and thought about what Nenkoseni had said. It did sound like things really were moving at last. Maybe it was time to cast scepticism aside. I said, ‘I guess the Information Centre should think about getting someone over to New York soon.’
Nenkoseni put a finger to his lips and winked. ‘You didn’t hear it from me, comrade. If your colleagues ask you where you got it from, tell them you heard it on the talking drums.’ The waiter delivered our drinks and Nenkoseni said, ‘I’ve ordered fish and chips for us. Okay?’ I nodded. He looked at his watch and said, ‘I’ve got to be back in the office by two-thirty.’
‘Me too.’
He took a pull at his ale. ‘Ah! Like I said last night, I’m going to miss this stuff when we get back to Keretani. Maybe I really will start a Keretani Real Ale brewery.’ He made a wry-satisfied face, wiped his lips with the back of a hand, and said, ‘Now, comrade, tell me about you and Nozam.’
‘You really want to hear it? The story will spoil your lunch.’
‘I can take it. I’ve got a strong stomach.’
In fact, I didn’t really want to retell the story. It brought back memories about how the struggle went rotten for me and for hundreds of my comrades. It reminded me of how the cancer of suspicion began to spread through the KNF in exile after rumors started to spread that the colonialists had infiltrated the movement and fears mushroomed that the younger recruits were plotting to overthrow the old guard. I didn’t want to remember how Lokusi and his security cadres began to arrest their own comrades, me included, torturing us until we confessed to our supposed crimes and, under threat of death, named other comrades who were arrested in their turn. It became a reign of terror that consumed the brightest, best and most committed of my comrades while spreading fear throughout the KNF. It was painful – horrendously painful – to remember how your own comrades cut you down in the morning of your youthful commitment to the struggle, turning against you, accusing you of unproven crimes, calling you a traitor, torturing you, and then confining you to an endless sentence in a prison hell-hole.
One of the most difficult aspects of the whole affair was that you expected to be treated like that by the enemy – but to be treated like that by your own comrades in the struggle for liberation gnawed at my insides like the very cancer that was eating its way through the whole of the KNF. I sighed inwardly, braced myself and said, ‘I’d been in the cells for about two years when Nozam turned up.’
‘In Lepando?’
‘Correct. The very same place.’
Nenkoseni put up a hand. ‘Just remind me, comrade. Before Lepando, you were in –?’
‘They kept us in holes in the ground at a place called Santa Bertoldani.’
Nenkoseni nodded. ‘I know the place. I did my military training there.’
‘So did I, just after I went over the border. Anyway, when we were being held there, in the dungeons, the colonialists started their bombing raids. Then we were moved to Lepando.’
Nenkoseni grinned sardonically. He waved his hand in a heard-it-all gesture and said, ‘At least they gave you a comfortable cell, hey?’
‘Right! They brushed the whiskers of the cockroaches every morning and scrubbed our backsides while we showered.’
‘Just like the detention cells in Fort Marnay, eh, comrade?’
‘Man, there was no comparison. In Fort Marnay we had got to decide who got to sleep on the bunks, and how many times to walk around the exercise yard. You remember? That was a typical colonialist plot to cause us stress. In Lepando, we didn’t have that sort of stress because there were no bunks and there weren’t any exercise periods. No decisions, no stress.’ Nenkoseni sighed and nodded. I felt sorry for him. He hated it as much as I did. None of this was his doing. In fact, Nenkoseni was taken in for questioning right at the start of the reign of terror. He knew the dungeons of Santa Bertoldani well, even if he didn’t speak much about it. 
However, he was one of the lucky ones. He was released after two weeks, after he had been subjected to the regulation amount of interrogation, beating and torture. Papa Kwe ordered his release, on the grounds that Nenkoseni had been invited to represent the KNF at a conference in Stockholm. In those days, Papa Kwe still had enough authority over Lokusi and his thugs to get people out of their clutches. But later, after they detained Papa Kwe’s wife and one of his sons on charges of being agents of the colonialists, not even Papa Kwe could help Lokusi’s victims. After three weeks, Papa Kwe’s wife and son were released, comparatively unharmed. But the message was clear to everyone, including Papa Kwe.
Why did Nenkoseni remain in the KNF? He told me a number of times that he couldn’t really provide a complete answer. He said that partly it had to do with the fact that he recognized that even if the KNF was tearing itself apart, spreading corruption from within, it was still the only force that could exert enough pressure internationally to bring the colonialists to the conference table. Also, he couldn’t shake off his visceral loyalty to the KNF. Nenkoseni said that your mother was always your mother, even if she began to act badly towards you.
I understood how difficult it was for Nenkoseni to provide a full and rational explanation. His dilemma was the same dilemma that faced every person, including me, who had ever been associated with the KNF, wherever they now stood in relation to it. I had made a different choice but I couldn’t criticize Nenkoseni for his choice.
Nenkoseni asked, ‘So you met Nozam when you were in Lepando?’
‘Right! One day we were hauled out of our cells and told to assemble in the food hall. After about an hour, Lokusi appeared. He told us that we were spies and traitors who had betrayed the liberation movement. He said that we deserved to die, except that the KNF was going to keep us alive so that we could answer for our crimes in an open court in liberated Keretani.’ Nenkoseni heaved another weary sigh. I said, ‘People started yelling at Lokusi, telling him that he was the real traitor, that he had betrayed the revolution by starting a reign of terror. He set his goons loose with wooden clubs. They waded into us, slashing and kicking. I’m telling you, it was a wonder they didn’t kill anyone. ’ I showed my left pinkie finger to Nenkoseni. ‘You see that, man? You see how crooked it is? That’s what I got that day. But I was one of the lucky ones. I didn’t get my head based or my ribs broken. Then, when they’d finished beating us, Lokusi said that the church in Keretani was sending a fact-finding mission to Lepando.’
Nenkoseni said, ‘I remember. It was when some of the solidarity organizations in Europe started asking awkward questions.’
‘That’s correct. Lokusi and his people didn’t like it, but they couldn’t do much about it. No fact-finding mission, no more funding from the solidarity friends. No more funding, no more living the good life for the KNF leadership. So the visit went ahead.’
‘They visited the prison?’
‘Hey, of course not! It might have given the worthy clergymen the wrong idea.’
‘So –?’
‘So they took five off us out of the cells for a few days before the visit. I was one of them, because it seems questions were already being asked about my whereabouts.’
Nenkoseni nodded. ‘Okay. I heard about that. What happened next?’
‘They put us into more comfortable quarters, under guard. They stuffed us with good food, gave us clean clothing, and got us looking as decent as possible. Then, just to make sure that everything would go according to plan, Lokusi visited us the day before the meeting. He told us to say that we were guilty of spying for the enemy and warned us that he personally would take care of anyone who said the wrong things.
‘Where did you meet the church delegation?’
‘At State House. His Excellency President for Eternity, Machetipanga Rikiti, Savior of the People, and what-what, graciously made his best facilities available for the occasion.’
‘Who was at the meeting?’
‘There were three clergymen. Nozam was one of them. They were the highest-ranking Keretanians that the church could find. Obviously, they didn’t want to send colonial clergymen, old time bishops and what-what, to look into the affairs of the KNF.’
‘Who represented the KNF?’
‘Papa Kwe himself.’
Nenkoseni raised his eyebrows and whistled. ‘Papa Kwe, eh?’
‘Yes. It was the first time I had seen him in exile since about six months after I went across the border.’
‘Ah, yes, comrade, that was in the early days, when Papa Kwe still had time to come down to the level of the masses.’
‘Right! The first time I met him was when he presented us with our KNF membership cards and told us that we were brave and noble young freedom fighter.’
‘Papa Kwe is good at speeches, isn’t he?’ Nenkoseni grimaced ironically.
‘Very good! But, man, I’m telling you, he looked pretty nervous that day. He was so uptight that he looked like he was wearing a vest made out of wooden boards. He was obviously worried that someone would tell the truth or, worse still, that the church delegation would believe it, if they did hear the truth.’
Nenkoseni started to laugh and nearly choked on a mouthful of food. When he stopped spluttering, he said, ‘But everyone, including you and your comrades, knew that they were there to find out the truth – the whole truth, nothing but the truth, unvarnished and unbiased, whatever. Not so?’
‘Well, maybe it wasn’t quite like that. We got the impression – only an impression, hey? – that they already knew what the truth was and that they were there to verify that it was as they knew it to be.’
Nenkoseni spluttered sardonically. ‘Of course, comrade, of course. Go on.’
‘Well, to begin the proceedings, Papa Kwe made a speech. He said the same things as Lokusi did – that we were spies and traitors who were only still alive because the KNF was such a good-hearted, compassionate organization. He said that in times of war, spies and traitors were usually killed but the KNF was keeping us alive and well at considerable cost to itself. He also said that it was an embarrassment to the KNF that renegade elements, at home and abroad, were spreading false stories about a reign of terror within the KNF.’
Nenkoseni’s face was taut when he said, ‘Papa Kwe is riding a tiger. He doesn’t know how to get off.’
‘And that, of course, is why he wants a settlement so badly.’
Nenkoseni nodded and agreed, ‘One of the reasons.’
I said, ‘Nozam made a speech on behalf of the delegation. He said that the church was the mother of all Keretanians, so it had an interest in the welfare of all its children, no matter wherever they were. He spoke about the nobility of the liberation struggle, freedom and justice for the oppressed, and so on. He said that the church would speak out for truth without fear or favour.’
Nenkoseni said, ‘Yes. Let my people go, lead them through the desert of trials to the Promised Land.’ He waved his hand in an exasperated gesture.
‘You’ve got it, my friend. That’s what he said next.’
Nenkoseni sat back, grunted and wiped his mouth with a napkin. He said, ‘I’ll tell you something else, comrade – Nozam and his Keretanian colleagues are also riding a tiger.’
‘You mean –?’
‘I mean, comrade, that they want the old guard, the colonial clergy, out of their positions as suffragan bishops and bishops and what-what. They want to take their places. But they’re not going to get what they want if they don’t play their cards right.’
‘Nozam seems to have played the right hands, otherwise he wouldn’t be suffragan bishop.’
‘You bet he has, comrade, you bet he has. He walks the fine line between supporting the struggle and satisfying the old guard. If he doesn’t keep in with the KNF, he won’t have much influence in the future. If he doesn’t keep in with the old guard in the church, the funds from Europe will dry up and the church won’t be able to maintain itself in the manner to which it’s accustomed.’
I said, ‘Well, I’m telling you, man, on that occasion Nozam and his colleagues kept in with the KNF, for sure. They whitewashed the whole thing. Their report said that there were fewer than one hundred people in detention when in fact everyone, them included, knew that there were more than one thousand. They said that we admitted to being spies. They congratulated the KNF on the way they were taking care of us, and said that we were fit and well.’ Nenkoseni nodded morosely but said nothing. He knew all about the church and Lepando, anyway. I said, ‘The report helped Nozam to brown-nose his way into favour with the KNF, for sure. But I still don’t understand how that helps with the church old guard back in Keretani.’
Nenkoseni replied, ‘Nozam knew that the most important thing was to get in good with the KNF. The church old guard knows that they can control Nozam – but they also know that it’s no good controlling him if he isn’t in good with the KNF.’
We didn’t say anything for a while. Then I said, ‘Nozam spoke to me that day.’
‘He did?’
‘Yes. The guards were herding us out when Nozam walked over and took me to one side’
‘What did he say?’
‘He said that he was sorry to see me in the position I was in.’
‘What did you say?’
‘I said I didn’t want him to be sorry for me and the others, but we could do with some assistance. I told Nozam that he was in a position to give us that assistance.’
‘And –’
‘Nozam just looked at me like he wasn’t sure what to say. He was non-committal and evasive. I just about begged him and his colleagues to tell the truth about what was going on. I gave him the whole story, just in case he didn’t get it the first time around. I told him that Papa Kwe and Lokusi were lying, that there were more than one thousand comrades detained, and that none of us were spies and traitors. On the contrary, they were amongst some of the best people in the KNF – the people with education, the people with leadership and vision. I also told him that the reign of terror was based on nothing more than Lokusi’s desire to fortify his position against anyone who could challenge him. I told Nozam that Lokusi was going to destroy the KNF and the whole liberation struggle, because the more people he detained, the more enemies he made, and then the more people he had to detain, ad infinitum. It wasn’t news to him, because it was the same message we gave to the whole delegation, across the table.’
‘It was risky, telling them the truth, with Lokusi there to hear you.’
‘True. But it was the best chance we had of getting the truth to the world outside. At least it was a straw to grasp at. It gave us a chance, even if, as it turned out, it didn’t work. Of course, the truth always comes at a price. In this case, back at the cells they beat us up and put us in solitary confinement on half rations.’
‘What did Nozam say when you spoke to him?’
‘He said that the delegation would tell the truth when they returned to Keretani. He also said that he would do what he could for me.’
‘And –?’
‘You can guess the result. They published a pack of whitewashed lies.’ Nenkoseni picked up a piece of fish with his fork, looked at it, and put it down. He looked like he was going to say something. Then he shrugged and made a go-on motion with his hand. I said, ‘Nozam betrayed me more than once.’ Nenkoseni looked at me quizzically. I continued, ‘Firstly, be betrayed the other comrades and me by putting out a whitewash report. Secondly, he also betrayed me to Lokusi.’
‘Yes?’
‘Lokusi was there when they beat me up the next day. While they were attending to me, Lokusi repeated to me almost word for word what I had said to Nozam.’
Nenkoseni pushed his plate away. I did the same. I didn’t feel like finishing my meal.
Later that evening, I told the story to Rita. I didn’t enjoy going through the whole thing all over again, but she wanted to know and I didn’t want her to feel that I was keeping it from her. There was no reason why she shouldn’t know about it. She knew the basic facts about Lepando anyway, so I was only adding a few more details to the inventory.
After I had finished telling her the story, Rita said, ‘You know there’s one thing I never asked you.’
‘Hmm? What’s that?’
‘I never asked you how you got out of Lepando after only a few years while others still aren’t free.’
‘I didn’t tell you abut Nenkoseni and Arbuthnoir?’
‘No. Not that I remember.’
I told her the story. ‘Not long after Nenkoseni was appointed to the London office of the KNF, he met Arbuthnoir at a conference. The colonial authorities had already kicked Arbuthnoir out of Keretani, on the grounds that he was aiding and abetting a terrorist movement and the church was still trying to find a new position for him, somewhere in Europe. Arbuthnoir asked after me. Nenkoseni said, come to think of it, he didn’t know where I was, but that he would try to find out.’
‘So he started asking questions?’
‘Yes. He did.’
‘Was it safe for him to do that?’
‘Not really, especially as he’d already been detained. He went out on a limb for me. That’s one reason why I have a lot of time for Nenkoseni. You won’t find a lot of comrades who really are comrades – not when it means sticking their necks out. So, you see, it really is quite simple, just like I said. Nenkoseni found out where I was. Then he told Arbuthnoir, who made a bit of a noise. Then they released me from the prison.’
Rita looked at me, amused. ‘Oh, I see. It was as simple as that, Arbuthnoir told someone in the KNF to let you go, and that person said, “Yes, of course, I’ll attend to it immediately.” Just like that?’
‘Well, that’s not exactly how it happened.’
‘Oh, really? Not quite as simple as that? I am surprised.’
‘Arbuthnoir spoke to Papa Kwe. He pinned him down at a conference.’
‘And that was that? Papa Kwe made a telephone call and you were released?’ Rita was still looking at me with the same sceptical-amused expression.
‘Papa Kwe gave Arbuthnoir the usual story, about how we were all spies and traitors, blah-blah. So Arbuthnoir said, “Well, you’d better release Kerem, or you’ll find that the Keretani Scholarship Fund probably won’t release any more money.” That didn’t go down well with Papa Kwe, especially as the fund was supporting two of his sons, as well as most of the children of the KNF Central Committee members, at schools and universities in Europe and the USA.’
‘What happened next?’
‘At first, nothing. I don’t think that they believed that Arbuthnoir had so much influence. But they underestimated Arbuthnoir. Also, they should have remembered that Arbuthnoir was one of the founders of the Scholarship Fund.’
‘So Arbuthnoir convinced the committee to hold up the funds?’
‘Well, it wasn’t as easy as that. When Arbuthnoir took the matter to the committee, they said that it wasn’t worth making a fuss about only a few people in detention who probably deserved to be there, anyway. So Arbuthnoir told them that it wasn’t only a few people, it was more than a thousand, and they were victims of injustice. Then the members of the committee said that they didn’t believe him, because the report by the church delegation from Keretani cleared the KNF of wrong-doing.’
Rita wrinkled her nose and said, ‘Typical solidarity organizations! They don’t want to hear that poor, oppressed third world freedom fighters aren’t beacons of sweetness and light. It makes too much of a dent in their illusions.’
‘Correct. That’s what Arbuthnoir was up against.’
‘What did he do? Obviously, he did something, or you wouldn’t be here today.’
‘He started a campaign to stop contributions to the Scholarship Fund. He called it the “Release Kerem Campaign”. He visited the churches that contributed to the fund, and he wrote to individual members of the churches, people on their governing bodies, influential members of congregations, and so on. At the same time, he started a media campaign.’
‘Good for Arbuthnoir!’
‘Yes. But it took a few unexpected twists and turns. Sure, it had an effect on the churches. But the issue was taken up by the right-wing parties and media, the sort of people who label liberation movements as terrorists and communists.’
‘I guess Arbuthnoir wasn’t too pleased about that.’
‘Oh, you know Arbuthnoir. He’s hard-headed. When people accused him of aiding and abetting right-wingers, he said that if the KNF put its house in order, there wouldn’t be any need for a “Release Kerem Campaign”. Then there wouldn’t be any of that sort of propaganda for right wingers to use. He also said the price of freedom of speech was that your message got taken up by anyone who wanted to use it, or misuse it, or what-what. But he said that wasn’t going to stop him – justice is justice, and he would keep on speaking about it until the matter was resolved. He just kept repeating the same basic message, whenever and wherever he was asked about his position.’
Rita wrinkled her nose and remarked, ‘I’ve never thought of Arbuthnoir as a campaign and media person.’
‘He’s not. It’s not really in his nature. But in spite of that, for a while he was quite a celebrity. People seemed to like to hear Arbuthnoir coming out with a simple message that cut through messy issues.’
‘Obviously it worked, or you wouldn’t be here today.’
‘It worked. They released me about six months later.’
Rita sat back and raised her eyebrows. ‘So that’s why Arbuthnoir isn’t popular with the KNF hierarchy.’
‘Correct. That’s one of the reasons why the KNF calls him an enemy of the liberation struggle and a tool of the right wing.’
‘What does Arbuthnoir say about it?’
‘Nothing much. As I said, he’s hard-headed. He just shrugs and gets on with the job.’
Rita got up and started tidying the lounge. She always did that before she went to bed. She plumped a cushion, arranged it on the couch, and said, ‘The KNF leadership won’t forget what he’s done. He’s not going to be well received in Keretani after independence.’
I couldn’t help grinning as I imagined what Arbuthnoir would say in response to anything along those lines. I said, ‘If I know Arbuthnoir, he’ll just press on regardless, the same as he’s doing right now. He’ll probably say that a man is known by the company he keeps, or something like that.’
Later, in bed, I held Rita close to me. That was all that I wanted right then – the warm comfort of her body close to mine, the certainty that she would be there when I awoke in the morning. Change and uncertainty! As my father used to say, the world is not what it was.
I said something like that to Rita. She mumbled drowsily, ‘Yes. Now go to sleep. It’s late and I have to go to work in the morning.’

THIRTEEN: TO KERETANI AND INDEPENDENCE

Nenkoseni’s information was correct. A settlement was in sight. Within six weeks, the United Nations brokered an agreement and four months later the UN High Commission for Refugees began to repatriate the exiles.
One evening, I said to Rita, ‘I’ve got the job of director of the Churches’ Monitoring Agency in Fort Marnay. They phoned me today.’
Rita looked at me closely and said, ‘They took long enough to make a decision.’
‘True. I though they’d forgotten about me. Well, I guess they’re still trying to get organized. Things are probably moving faster than they anticipated.’
Rita put on a smile and asked, ‘Are you happy about it?’
‘Yes, happy enough. It’s not going to be permanent, but, like I said, at least it gives me a base back in Keretani.’
Rita took her time replying. She pursed her lips, wriggled, pulled her top down onto her hips, and asked, ‘When do you start?’
‘I have to be in Fort Marnay in three weeks.’
‘So soon?’ 
‘Things are moving fast.’
‘What about the Information Centre?’
‘I’ll leave Frederick in charge. The place will close when independence comes, anyway.’
 ‘How does Frederick feel about it?’
‘He’s not too worried. He reckons he’ll be able to find something in Keretani without too much trouble, when the time comes.’
Rita sniffed sceptically. ‘Huh! It might be premature to close the centre.’
‘Meaning –?’
‘I hope there won’t be a need for a centre to monitor human rights in Keretani. That’s all that I’m saying.’
I replied, ‘We don’t have a choice. The donors won’t extend their funding beyond the date of independence.’
Rita picked up the book that was resting in her lap, settled the bookmark into place, and put the book onto the table next to her. She reached into her blouse, extracted a handkerchief, and blew her nose. Then she asked, ‘Have you still got that bottle of wine?’ I nodded. ‘Well, then, go and fetch it.’
‘Right now?’
‘Sure. Do you think that it will keep forever? Someone ought to drink it before you leave for Keretani.’
I went to the kitchen and came back with the bottle and two glasses, put the bottle on the table, and looked at Rita. She waved a hand and said, ‘Well, aren’t you going to open it?’I sat down and looked at her. Her eyes were bright and wet.
I said, ‘I don’t know if I want to open it.’
‘Don’t be silly, Kerem. We should celebrate your news.’
‘Right now, I don’t feel celebratory.’
Rita put her head back and sighed. She said flatly. ‘You’re going home. It’s what you want.’
‘True. It’s what I want. But what about us?’
Rita replied softly, ‘Yes. What about us?’
We sat there gloomily with the question hanging over us like a pall. Then Rita sat upright and said with forced brightness. ‘What about us? We’ll work that out. Now, Kerem, open the bottle of wine.’
While I was opening the bottle, she gave a half-laugh and said, ‘What a pair we are! Keretani is going to get independence, you’ve got a job, you’ll be going home at last – and look at us. We look like we’re attending a funeral.’ I held the bottle over a glass and raised my eyebrows at her. She said, ‘Only half a glass, please.’I poured and gave the glass to her. She raised the glass, looked at me over the rim, and said, ‘To Keretani and independence.’ We drank to that. Rita raised her glass again and said, ‘To the return of the exiles.’ We drank to that as well. Then Rita put down her glass and asked, ‘You say the job isn’t permanent?’
‘It won’t last forever. It can’t. The agency’s only brief is to monitor and promote the independence process.’
‘So you’re going to be working yourself out of a job?’
‘Yes. It might last for a year, maybe eighteen months at most. After that – who knows?’
‘Maybe they’ll offer you the position of Minister of Information and Broadcasting.’
‘Hey, Rita, come down to earth! You drink a quarter glass of wine and that turns your head.’
‘It’s not impossible.’
‘It’s about as likely as that Totudi will become the capital city of Keretani.’
Rita was still looking at me intently. She said thoughtfully, ‘The KNF will want to keep you quiet.’
‘Very likely. So –?’
‘They won’t want people like you at large, spreading embarrassing stories about violations of human rights in the KNF, absence of democratic procedures, and so on – especially just at the time when they’ll be trying to make a good impression as a new government.’
‘Yes. Go on. I’m listening.’
‘So they might very well offer you a good position. Maybe they’ll marginalize you but use you, anyway.’
‘Yes. Go on.’
Rita shrugged. ‘That’s it. No more.’
I thought about it. It wasn’t the first time that I had considered this possibility. I said, ‘How about a different scenario? How about this: the KNF couldn’t care what happens to me and they don’t give a damn about what I do?’
Rita looked at me narrowly. ‘Oh, they’ll have an interest in you. Don’t kid yourself about that. People like you know too much. You have too much damaging information. The KNF won’t want to start off in power without tying up loose ends.’
‘Okay. You could be right. But I don’t want some dead-end job, created just for me, to keep me quiet. I want to do something useful when I go back to Keretani and I don’t want to be shackled by a bunch of guilt-ridden Stalinists while I’m doing it.’
Rita raised her eyebrows. ‘So then –?’
I took my time in replying. Then I said, ’So – I’ve got something up my sleeve.’
 ‘Well, let’s hear it.’
I took the plunge and said, ‘It could be that I’m going to start a newspaper.’
Rita’s eyes widened. ‘Wow! That is big news.’
‘It’s not settled yet, but – well, yes, I reckon it’s odds-on that it’s going to happen.’
Rita sat forward, her hands clasped across her knees. She said, ‘Come on, tell me about it.’
I told Rita how I’d been thinking about the matter for a few months. One day, I phoned Arbuthnoir and bounced the idea off him. He was enthusiastic and said that he might be able to find a donor. A week later, he phoned to say that he thought he had found an organization to provide the start-up costs as well as to assist with the initial training. From there, matters moved quickly. The donors committed themselves in principle to funding the initiative as long as the newspaper was owned and run by a staff collective. I agreed, and that was where matters stood at present. There were a lot of loose ends to tie up and a lot of things to be discussed – but, yes, it looked promising.
Rita walked over to the table and topped up her glass. She sat down, folded her legs under her, smoothed down her skirt, and sipped at the wine. Then she asked, ‘So you’re going to be an editor?’
‘Maybe, if things work out.’
‘Why didn’t you tell me about it earlier?’
‘I was waiting to get some clarity on the matter. With everything else going on at the same time, I didn’t want to – well, you know, one thing at a time. Anyway, it’s still a long way from being finalized.’
Rita said, ‘Kerem, it’s a good idea. It really is. I’m very happy for you.’She raised her glass, looked at me over the rim, and then lowered the glass. Looking at me directly, she said, ‘Now let’s talk about us.’
‘Right now? We don’t have to.’
She interrupted me with a wave of her hand. ‘All the pieces are falling into place. Now there’s only one piece left – one big piece labelled “Us”. So let’s talk about it.’
I said, ‘I know what I’d like to happen.’
‘Yes?’
‘I’d like you in Keretani with me.’
‘As your wife?’
‘Whichever way it is, I’d like you in Keretani with me.’
Rita wriggled. She said slowly, ‘I don’t know –’ She wriggled again.
‘Come on, Rita, give it a go! You’ll get a job, for sure. Like I told you, Keretani needs accountants. You’ll have me there for support. You can start a new life. You can have Keretani as your oyster.’
She wrinkled her nose and looked at me doubtfully. ‘Well, I just don’t know whether –’ She stopped, biting her lip.
‘Come on, Rita. You’ll enjoy it.’
Rita thought for a long time. I got up, refilled my glass, and sat down. I sipped at my wine while Rita sat with her head back and her eyes closed. Finally she opened her eyes and said, ‘I’ve decided.’
‘Yes?’
She pursed her lips, fiddled with the hem of her skirt, and said, ‘I’ll take leave and go to Keretani with you.’
‘And –?
‘And that will give me time to decide.’
 ‘To decide whether to stay in Keretani or not?’
Rita said nothing for a while. Then she said softly, ‘Yes – whether to stay or not.’
As I composed myself for sleep, I thought, well, that’s not a bad option. I can live with it. But I had to admit that it wasn’t exactly how I wanted it.
From then, things moved quickly. I wrapped up my affairs in London and three weeks later I was on a flight to Fort Marnay. When I left Keretani more than fifteen years previously, I went over the border at night without papers. Now I was returning through the front door, so to speak, with papers provided by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees.
When we were young, during our early years in exile, we used to talk about how it would be when we went home again. In our imaginations – our naive, unfocused imaginations – the Promised Land of Keretani would be liberated and independent, managed by our own people, wearing our uniforms and insignia. We talked about how we would arrive triumphantly, like a victorious army in a movie, marching in to take up our inheritance.
Of course, that wasn’t how it was when I arrived. The colonialists were still in charge and would be for at least another eight months.
At the immigration desk, I said, ‘Good morning, sir.’I was trying to be pleasant. You never knew how these people would react, particularly with the temperature rising on the political thermometer. The official looked at me stonily. His florid, beefy face was impassive, except for a twitch of his clipped moustache. He examined my papers, grunted, and beckoned to another official. She walked over and looked at me with the same stony expression. The first official said, ‘Another KNF member with UNHCR papers.’ I could have explained that I wasn’t a member of the KNF, not any more, but it probably wouldn’t have made any difference. They wouldn’t have believed me or, even worse, they would have thought that I was trying to fool them for some reason. The fact was that I was black, and that I was returning after having left Keretani illegally. That was all that they wanted to know.
The second official took my papers and flicked through them with a painted fingernail. The she sniffed disapprovingly and beckoned me to follow her. She walked away with my papers dangling by her side, holding them between her thumb and forefingers as if they were contaminated. Her high heels click-clacked in displeasure.
I sat down while she went though my papers and spoke to someone on the phone. I couldn’t hear what she was saying, but from the number of sharp looks that she directed towards me, it was clear that she wasn’t singing my praises. While I waited, I sat back and examined her. She was attractive in a prissy-prim way, with her slightly upturned nose, arched eyebrows, ivory-smooth complexion, and honey-blonde hair. Perhaps the attractiveness lay in imagining how it would be to unpack her, to loosen her up. I detected a promising nubility under the pinned-back hairstyle and the buttoned-up uniform. I grinned to myself, thinking about how she would react if she knew what was going through my mind. It would probably confirm her suspicion that if you give blacks a bit of freedom, the first thing they do is to violate white women.
After about five minutes she signed and stamped the papers. She nodded curtly and said, ‘Everything is in order.’ I took the papers and thanked her. She didn’t even look up so I stood there long enough for her to have to notice me. She glanced at me. I looked at her directly and said, ‘Thank you very much.’ She flushed, nodded briefly, and looked away. Suddenly, I was provoked to be mischievous. I said, ‘You are an attractive woman.’
She jerked back. Her face was flushed. ‘What? What did you say?’
Calmly, I repeated, ‘I said that you are an attractive woman.’
‘You are a cheeky black bastard. Get out, or I will call the police.’
‘But not as attractive as my English girl friend. Her complexion is paler than yours.’
‘Get out! I’m calling the police!’ She reached for the telephone.
I grinned, gave a mock salute, and said, ‘Yes, ma’am. We wouldn’t want any trouble, would we?’
I collected my baggage and walked outside. What now? Here I was in my own country, in my own capital city, and I didn’t even know how to get from the airport into the city centre. I put my bags down and looked around. I couldn’t see any buses. Nor were there any taxis.
Just then, someone called my name. I turned, but before I could see who it was, I was enveloped in a human whirlwind. The whirlwind said breathlessly, ‘Kerem! Welcome home!’
‘Hey! What –!’ She was hugging me so tightly that I couldn’t see anything but the top of her head. ‘Sanomi! Sanomi! Is it you?’
She released me and stood at arm’s length, holding my hands. ‘Well, of course! Who did you think it was?’
‘Sanomi! I didn’t expect –’
‘I heard that you were arriving today, so –’
‘How did you know? Who told you?’
She grinned at me. ‘News gets around fast in Keretani. Have you forgotten?’
It was wonderful to have firm human contact just when I was feeling that I was a stranger in my own country. More than that, it was wonderful to see Sanomi. After all these years – Sanomi! I was elated as if I had come upon a verdant valley in the middle of a long trek through a barren desert.
She began to move away but I held her hands fast and said, ‘No, give me a chance.’
‘A chance for what?’
‘A chance to look at you, of course.’ She stood there grinning, looking up at me, her eyes shining.
I said, ‘Man, Sanomi, it really is you?’
‘Well, of course it is. Do you think that there are impostors going around pretending to be me?’
I squeezed her hands. I didn’t want to lose this contact with her. ‘What I mean is – well, I know it sounds trite –’
‘Yes?’
‘You know, you’ve hardly changed.’
‘Oh? Still the same little girl that you left behind in the village?’
‘Well, maybe not so little. In fact, not little at all. ’ Sanomi caught my appraising glance and dropped her eyes, turning her face away. I released her hands and bent down to pick up my luggage. Sanomi led me to the car park.
We got into an old Peugeot 404 station wagon that had seen better days. In fact, its better days were so far in the past that it was probably about three-quarters of the way to becoming a veteran. Watching Sanomi stretch forward to operate the pedals brought home to me again how much smaller than average she was. But it was clear that she still made everyone around her feel as if they were caught in a whirlwind. Even sitting behind the wheel of the car, she radiated energy. It was comforting to know that some things hadn’t changed. And it was comforting to be with Sanomi again. Comforting? Yes, but it was more. It was – what? Exciting? Gratifying? Yes, both of those.
I leaned over to the back seat to settle one of my bags and saw some children’s toys. I asked. ‘Do you have children?’
‘No. The toys belong to a friend’s children.’
I said, ‘Oh.’
Sanomi shot another quick look at me. She bit her lip and said, ‘Nozam says that we should cultivate our careers first. He says there’ll be time for children later.’ She said it in such a terse voice that I didn’t know how to reply. Then she asked, ‘What about you?’
‘Me? No. I’m not married.’
‘But you have – you know – a partner –?’
‘Yes. She lives in London.’
‘Will she be joining you?’
I hesitated. It was a difficult question. I replied, ‘Yes. She’ll join me later but I’m not sure exactly when she’ll arrive.’
In a neutral voice, Sanomi said, ‘Oh.’ She braked suddenly, hooted, and said, ‘Taxis! They just stop anywhere without warning.’
‘I guess some things don’t change.’
‘Well, the taxis don’t, that’s for sure. They’re a law unto themselves.’ She shifted gears and accelerated. By now we were well into the city traffic, passing through one of the industrial areas of Fort Marnay. It looked like the area where we had been held in the detention centre but I couldn’t be sure. I looked around, taking in the sights. It was both comforting and disturbing, like walking into a familiar room only to find that some of the furniture had changed.
Sanomi asked, ‘Do you think that she will like Keretani?’
‘I’m sorry – you asked –?’
‘Your friend from London – do you think that she will like it here?’
‘I really don’t know. I hope so. But I’m not sure.’
For a while Sanomi concentrated on driving. When we stopped at a traffic light and she asked, ‘Your partner – will she look for a job after she arrives?’
‘She’ll have a look around to see what’s on offer. If there’s something suitable she might take it.’
Sanomi shot a puzzled glance at me and said, ‘Oh, I see.’
I didn’t want Sanomi to think that I was being evasive, so I said, ‘Her name is Rita.’
‘Rita.’ Sanomi said the name speculatively, as if she way trying to conjure up a face and form to go with the word.
I said, ‘She’s an accountant – well, actually, an accounts executive.’
‘Oh. I see.’ Sanomi’s voice suggested that she would like to say more, but didn’t know how to keep the conversation going around the subject of account executives.
‘The fact is, Rita probably won’t be settling here permanently during her first visit.’
‘Oh? She’ll be keeping her options open?’
‘I guess you could say that. She’ll be taking leave from her job. So, you know – yes, I guess you could say she’s keeping her options open.’ Sanomi pursed her lips and nodded, but said nothing. I explained, ‘You see, Rita is a career woman. She’s done well for herself.’
‘That’s good. We need examples of successful women, here in Keretani. You have no idea how –’ Sanomi bit her lip and stopped in mid-sentence.
I said, ‘If Rita likes it here – well, maybe she’ll come back to stay.’
‘You’d like that?’
‘Yes, I think I would.’
‘I see.’ Sanomi said it flatly, giving nothing away. I looked at her. Her face had filled out and her legs were a lot shapelier than I remembered them. It felt good, to be sitting next to her, within touching and talking distance. It felt good to be back in Keretani, feeling the heat, slipping back into ways of speech and ways of doing things that I didn’t know that I had remembered. I didn’t want to talk about Rita or London or the future. I didn’t want to talk about anything that couldn’t be enfolded by the moment. I said, ‘Sanomi, what a surprise, seeing you the moment I arrive!’
She chuckled and gave me a quick, bright glance. ‘I like surprises.’
‘After all this time, to have you arriving out of the blue –’
‘I though you might like to see me. The look on your face –’ She glanced at me mischievously and chuckled. Now we were driving through the mid-town traffic and I looked around curiously. There were some new buildings, but most of downtown Fort Marnay was still recognizable. In fact, what I noticed most was how old-fashioned most of the buildings looked, as if things had stopped about twenty years ago. There were some high-rise buildings, up to ten or twelve floors in height, but generally the buildings were one- or two-storey, low in profile, with veranda roofs supported by pillars covering the sidewalks. Compared to the business districts of European cities, central Fort Marnay resembled a rural trading settlement that had expanded in size, acquired tarred streets and paved sidewalks, installed some traffic lights, and generally put on some make-up in recognition of the fact that it was a capital city. To my eyes, fresh from the cities of Europe, fort Marnay looked low-slung, old-fashioned and frayed.
To reinforce the impression, many of the vehicles were old and decrepit. A lot of them looked like they would have been banned from the road in Europe. But the driving was as frenetic as it had always been. Drivers gestured, hooted and shouted, sometimes because of provocation and sometimes in greeting. Pedestrians crossed the streets at will, weaving their way between the traffic with suicidal nonchalance. It was much the same as I remembered, and yet it was different. Part of me knew exactly where I was, while part of me felt like a traveler in an unknown country. I had to keep on reminding myself that, for better or for worse, I had come home.
We stopped at a traffic light and I asked Sanomi, ‘How is Nozam?’
‘Nozam?’ She wrinkled her nose, hesitated, and said in a flat voice, ‘Oh, he’s all right.’
‘I guess he’s busy nowadays.’
‘Sure, he’s busy all right. He’s here, there and everywhere. He’s much in demand.’
‘He’s involved with the settlement process?’
Sanomi nodded. Once again, she hesitated before saying, ‘Right now, Keretani is the place to be. There are delegations from European and American NGOs and churches all over the place.’
‘What are they doing here?’
‘They call themselves observer missions or monitoring groups.’
‘Observing and monitoring what?’
Sanomi wrinkled her nose. ‘They’re covering just about anything to do with the election process – voter registration voter information, free and fair procedures, allegations of intimidation, conduct of the colonial officials and the police, placement of UN officials and observers – you name it, and if it has anything vaguely to do with the election, then there’s some delegation or group to monitor or observe it.’
‘And Nozam is involved with all of this?’
‘Well, he’s one of the highest-ranking Keretanians in any of the churches. He’s the sort of person that these church groups and solidarity organizations want to talk to. They want his opinion and they want to be seen with him.’
‘No room for the old guard?’ Sanomi wrinkled her nose sceptically and sniffed dismissively. ‘Oh, them! They’ve just about been sidelined for the last year or more. Most of them opposed independence, so they have nothing constructive to contribute to the process.’
‘What’s going to happen to them after independence?’
‘Most of them will take early retirement. They’ll probably return to Europe.’
I asked, ‘Like Brother George?’
Sanomi burst out laughing. It was a long time since I had heard her laugh and I was reminded of how infectious it was. I sat there grinning at her, while she shook with laughter. She recovered and said, ‘Brother George! What would he make of all this?’ She chuckled ironically.
Sanomi drove me to her office at the Women’s Rights Centre where we had a cup of tea and she introduced me to her colleagues. I noticed how confident Sanomi was in her professional surroundings, how her colleagues regarded her with both affection and respect, and how easily she carried authority. It was another reminder that Sanomi was no longer the child that I knew in Totudi. The gap of years between us had closed.
Sanomi went off to attend to some business and, while I looked around her office, a bright poster on the wall caught my eye. The poster carried the slogan ‘Women are Partners in Liberation’ and was dominated by an illustration of a carving of two figures, male and female, rising together from a common base.
Sanomi joined me. She touched my arm, pointed at the illustration, and asked, ‘Do you recognize it?’
‘Yes. It’s one of my father’s carvings. I remember when he did it. I wondered how he was going to make something out of such a twisted piece of wood.’
Sanomi moved closer to me and said, ‘It’s very good. The original is in the Fort Marnay Art Centre.’
‘Women are partners in liberation? Is that a political project, or –?’
Sanomi broke in: ‘It’s a daily reminder that men and women are equal in the struggle. It’s a reminder that we have the same disadvantages, that we bear the same hardships, and that we’re entitled to the same rights when the struggle is over.’
I said, ‘Yes, of course. It shouldn’t be necessary–’
‘It shouldn’t be necessary, but it is. It’s necessary because most men regard women as nothing more than handmaidens of the struggle. The colonialists regard all Africans as second-class creatures and African men regard their women as second-class creatures. We’re just there to provide comfort and assistance, to give sexual relief, and to bear children. That’s our role, in the eyes of most men. But we don’t accept it, and we’re going to change it.’
Sanomi drove me to my lodgings. When we parted, she asked if I would like to have dinner with her later. I hesitated because I didn’t want to meet Nozam, especially so soon. I knew that I would run into him at some time, but I would prefer it to be later rather than sooner. However, it seemed ungrateful to refuse Sanomi’s invitation, so I accepted it. Sanomi smiled knowingly and said, ‘You’re thinking about Nozam, aren’t you? Well, I don’t think that he wants to see you.’
Trying to sound non-committal, I asked, ‘No?’
‘No. Apparently you walked out on him, the last time that you met. In London, wasn’t it?’
‘Yes, that’s correct. I walked out because I would have said something that I would have regretted if I had stayed.’
Sanomi’s mouth tightened. ‘I can understand that.’ I knew better than to come between husbands and wives, so I said nothing. Sanomi continued, ‘Anyway, that’s not the main reason that he isn’t here.’
‘Does he have another engagement?’
She shrugged and said, tight-lipped, ‘It’s very likely. I have no idea. He goes his way and I go mine.’ I looked at her enquiringly. Sanomi lifted her head, looked at me squarely, and said, ‘We’re practically living apart. As far as I’m concerned, it’s over.’
While we dined, Sanomi told me the story. The last straw, as she termed it, came when Nozam tried to get her to agree to allow Virginia Tlokuni to move in with them. Sanomi explained, ‘By that time I knew what was going on between them. At first I tried to convince myself that there wasn’t anything to it, but later even I had to admit that Nozam was involved in a full-blown affair with her.’ She smiled tautly. ‘They say that the wife is the last to know so you can imagine how blatant it must have been by the time that I admitted to myself what was going on.’
‘I’m sorry. You don’t deserve it.’
Sanomi shrugged. ‘It wasn’t his first adventure outside marriage. I guess I knew that for a long time, even if I tried to deny it.’ She took out a handkerchief, blew her nose, and said, ‘You know, Kerem, maybe it would have been easier to accept if Nozam had shown more respect for me.’
‘How so?’
‘He didn’t just want her to move in with us. He wanted me to get used to having her around as a second wife – what he called an unofficial wife, whatever that is. When I told him that I wouldn’t have it, he said that I was denying him his rights as an African man.’ She snorted and took a sip from her glass of water. ‘So I said, let’s find out what your fellow clergymen and superiors think about your rights as an African male, mister Suffragan Bishop Nozam. Since you have no respect for me or my opinion, I’ll let them be the judges.’
‘What did he say to that?’
‘Nothing.’
‘Nothing?’
‘No. He said nothing. He just struck me across the face. I tried to stand up to him, but he drove me out of the room, punching me and beating me across my head.’
‘Did he hurt you?’
‘Not so badly that I couldn’t recover from it.’ Sanomi wiped her eyes with the corner of a napkin, paused, collected herself, and said, ‘There were other things that hurt me a lot more.’
 Yes–?’
‘While Nozam was beating me, that woman, that Tlokuni creature, was screaming at me. She was saying, “You bad wife, not to honour your husband’s wishes. You are a bad African woman. You must respect your husband.” She was screaming insults while Nozam was beating me. I don’t know which was worse – Nozam beating me, or her screaming at me – not to mention Nozam encouraging her to verbally abuse me.’
She turned her face away and wiped her eyes. I didn’t know what to say. Then she reached across and touched my hand, saying heavily, ‘I’m spoiling your first day back home. Sorry.’
‘Not as sorry as I am to hear how you’ve been treated.’
Sanomi shrugged and straightened her shoulders. ‘I’ll get over it. It’s not as if I have much invested in the relationship, not now, not after –’ She stopped, gathered herself, and said, ‘I wanted you to hear it from me. Otherwise, you know – rumours and gossip –’ She shrugged and began to apply herself to her plate of food.
Later, over coffee, Sanomi said, ‘I’m looking forward to meeting Rita.’
‘I hope it won’t be too long before you do.’
‘Do you think that she’ll like Keretani?’
‘I honestly don’t know.’
Sanomi fiddled with a teaspoon and remarked, ‘I guess you’ve told her a lot about Keretani. It shouldn’t be too much of a surprise to her.’
‘I don’t know about that. No matter how much you describe something, it never matches the reality. From a distance, people always have a romantic view of other places. They always seem to be larger than life, like pictures in a tourism brochure.’
Sanomi said pensively, ‘Especially Africa.’
‘Especially Africa? Very likely. But I hope that’s not the case for Rita.’
‘You know, Kerem, most Europeans come here with all these ideas and ideals, about how they’re going to help the simple, oppressed Africans. Then they find out that things aren’t so simple, you know – they find that their own definitions of the circumstances don’t fit the realities.’
‘And the noble Europeans feel betrayed?’
‘Betrayed? Yes, I think that’s what a lot of them feel. I’ve seen it happen, plenty of times. They think that people aren’t grateful – grateful like they should be – for the fine things that are being done for them. They suspect that the bearers of gifts are appreciated for their gifts, but not for themselves.’ Sanomi smiled tightly. ‘They soon find out that it’s not as simple as they thought it was, from a distance.’
‘Well, Sanomi, maybe Rita won’t have too many grand illusions. Maybe – you know, having me –maybe it won’t be too difficult for her to adjust.’
Sanomi was still fiddling with the teaspoon. She looked at me quickly and asked, ‘Is she pretty?’ She looked down again, not meeting my eyes.
‘Rita? Yes, I think that she’s pretty. I find her very attractive.’
‘That’s good. I’m happy for you.’ It was then that I asked the question that had been on my mind ever since I first heard the news four years previously. I asked Sanomi, ‘Why did you marry Nozam?’
I wondered if I was being too forward but Sanomi just looked at me calmly and replied, ‘I’ve been asking myself that question for at least three years.’
‘Forgive me for asking. I don’t really have the right to –’
‘Don’t apologise. I want you to know why. I want you to understand.’ Sanomi folded her hands under her chin, leaned forwards, and said, ‘It was an arranged marriage, so to speak.’
‘Your parents?’
‘No, not that sort of arranged marriage.’ She gave an ironic smile. ‘I was too modern for that?’
‘Then who –?’
‘Miss Renkula set the whole thing up.’
‘Miss Renkula!’ I was so surprised that I knocked over my glass.
‘Oh, Miss Renkula has lots of attributes that people don’t know about. Match-making is one of them.’
‘But how –?’
‘It was quite simple, really. After I finished at Saint Teresa School, I –’
‘Saint Teresa School! Hey! I remember that you told me that you would go to school there, and you did it.’
‘Yes, I said that I would be the first girl from Totudi to go to Saint Teresa School.’
‘And of course, you were.’
‘Of course! I said that I would, and that’s the way it happened.’
I leaned back in my chair. It was quite overwhelming, the way memories were flooding over me. I recalled the first time I met Sanomi, outside Brother George’s office; Sanomi telling me that I was a hero, and that she wanted to attend Saint Teresa School just like me; Sanomi asking me to be her boyfriend; Sanomi befriending my mother; Sanomi saying that she wanted to marry me…
‘Kerem, are you all right?’
‘Yes, I’m fine. Sorry, Sanomi, being with you brings back memories.’
She said pensively, ‘I know – mostly good ones.’‘
‘I interrupted you. I’m sorry. You were talking about Miss Renkula.’
Sanomi waved her hand in a doesn’t-matter gesture and said, ‘After I finished school, I worked in an office in Fort Marnay. I was in the personnel section, and I was good at the work. I got a diploma through correspondence study and then I got a few promotions. But it wasn’t really what I wanted to do. I took a look at myself and decided it was time to go straight for the real thing, namely to practise law. I had to improve my school-leaving grades. That took another two years, studying part-time. Then, when I was ready, I applied for a scholarship.’ She paused and her face went tight and pensive.
‘A scholarship to –?’
Sanomi shrugged. ‘I wanted a scholarship to any European university where I could do a law degree. I wasn’t fussy as long as I would be doing what I wanted to do.’ She frowned, wrinkled her nose, and said, ‘That’s where Miss Renkula came in. She was the chairperson of the scholarship committee. A few days after the interview, Miss Renkula asked me to see her. I went along thinking that it was good news.’
‘Good news from Miss Renkula! Hey, that was hoping for a lot.’
‘Yes, that’s what I discovered. Miss Renkula told me that the committee liked my application. But she said that the funds were administered by the church, and the church didn’t like the idea of single women going overseas on their own. She said that the church would look a lot more kindly on my application if I were married.’
‘Did she give you reasons?’
‘She said that single women got involved with foreign men. That had a bad effect on their studies, and, even worse, often meant that they didn’t come back to Keretani – which meant that the money invested in their education was lost to the country.’
‘And these things don’t happen to men?’
‘Sanomi shrugged sceptically. ‘Apparently not. Take Nozam, for example. He spent four years studying abroad, and he came back. Perhaps he’s a good example of what men do when they’re awarded scholarships.’ I sat back and tried to digest what I had heard while Sanomi looked at me sadly. She said, ‘That’s how it happened.’ She shrugged.
‘Just like that?’
‘Well, nothing is ever so simple.’ She fiddled with her handkerchief, blew her nose, and said, ‘It wasn’t the first time the subject of marrying Nozam came up.’
 No?’
‘You see, Nozam had been pressing his case for quite a long time before that. He used to invite me to dinner and ask me to accompany him to official occasions – that sort of thing. Also, he used to send me gifts.’
‘A regular courtship?’
Sanomi chuckled bleakly. ‘I guess that’s the way he saw it.’ She looked up, interpreted my expression correctly, and said, ‘Nozam is a good-looking man. I didn’t really mind being seen out and about with him. But I didn’t encourage him.’ She rubbed her nose hesitated, and said, ‘Don’t misunderstand the situation, Kerem. He was a lot keener than I was to – you know – to get together. In fact, he was a whole lot keener than I was.’
‘Then why –?’ Sanomi pursed her lips. She started to say something, stopped, looked away, and, with a bleak expression, shook her head.
‘I’m sorry, Sanomi, I don’t want to pry. Let’s drop the subject.’
She looked at me wanly. ‘It’s all right. Really, it’s all right.’
‘Sanomi, let’s drop the subject. Some other time, if you really want to – you know – when the time is right –’
She leaned forward and said directly, ‘Nozam was jealous of you.’
‘What? Jealous of me?’
‘Yes, that’s right, Kerem. He was jealous of you.’
‘Jealous of me? Man, what was he jealous of? At that time I was probably wasting away in a cell in Lepando. Or maybe I was in London on my own, trying to find some way of earning a living. Wherever I was, my life was nothing to be jealous of. Nozam jealous of me? Jealous of what?’
Sanomi took a deep breath and said, ‘He was jealous of you and me.’ That stopped me in my tracks. I must have looked like goggle-eyed, slack-jawed fish out of water because Sanomi started to laugh. The more she looked at me, the more she laughed. After a while, her laughter subsided and she said, ‘Sorry, Kerem.’ She wiped her eyes, giggled, and then tried to put on a straight face.
I managed to say, ‘Oh, that’s all right. Hey, really, it’s all right. It’s just – you know, I was a bit – you know – a bit surprised.’
‘Well, Kerem, if that’s how you look when you’re only a bit surprised, I’d like to see you when you’re a lot surprised.’ Sanomi chuckled, covered her mouth with her table napkin, and said, ‘Sorry!’
Although I was surprised, I have to admit that what Sanomi told me wasn’t unwelcome. The memory of Sanomi had always been with me. I often thought of the first time we met, how that small girl with the heart-shaped face looked at me so quizzically and so directly. I often thought of how that same girl, a few years older, looking more like more like the woman that she would become, told me, ‘I think I will marry you one day.’ I thought about how we stood on the high ridge looking over the village below, and I remembered how she hugged me on the day of my parents’ funeral. I recalled that it felt like a knife-stab to my heart when I heard that Sanomi had married. When it happened, I didn’t want to acknowledge my feelings – after all, I was in a relationship with Rita at the time – but I knew that I was jealous. I tried to dismiss the memories, but they kept on coming back to me, like billboard posters that you see all over town, no matter how much you want to ignore them. Yes, I had to admit that what Sanomi was telling me wasn’t unwelcome.
She read my expression correctly and said softly, ‘Oh, Kerem, you too?’
What could I say? I just nodded. Then I said, ‘Anyway, you married him.’
She held my gaze. ‘Yes. I wanted that scholarship, and I wanted it badly.’
‘I understand.’
‘No, Kerem, with respect, nobody can ever know how much I wanted that scholarship. Nobody can ever know how much I didn’t want to be like my mother and all the other village mothers and aunties and village women. Nobody can ever know how much I didn’t want to be just another non-entity in a crowded office. Nobody can ever know how much I wanted to have a real achievement behind me. Nobody can ever know how much I wanted to build an independent life.’
I couldn’t help asking, quizzically, ‘An independent life?’
Sanomi caught my meaning. She looked at me directly and said, ‘I discussed it with Nozam. He assured me that we would have a modern marriage. He said that we would be equals. He said that he respected my desire to have a professional career.’ She concluded wryly, ‘Anyway, that’s what he said.’
‘Yes, go on. I’m listening.’
‘I knew what I had to do. So I married him. A few weeks later, I got a letter to say that my application for a scholarship had been turned down. They said that there had been cut-backs in funds. The letter was signed by Miss Renkula.’ She spread her hands and bit her lip. ‘So there you have it – no scholarship, but married to Nozam.’
‘You think that Nozam–?’
‘Of course – it was him and that scheming Renkula acting together! I’ll never forget the look on his face when I showed him the letter. He looked as if he knew all about it – as if he was expecting it. He looked as pleased as if he’d just won a lottery. In fact, he looked more than pleased. He was gloating. Yes, that’s the word – gloating.’ She twisted the napkin, unfolded it, and twisted it again. ‘So there I was – trapped. All I had were broken promises.’
‘And marriage to Nozam.’
‘Oh, Kerem please! Don’t mock me! Kerem, not you of all people – please don’t mock me!’ Her distress was real.
I mumbled, ‘Sorry, Sanomi. I’m not mocking.’ I could only hope that she could see how deeply I meant it.
Sanomi said, ‘It never was a marriage. It was a farce and a sham right from the beginning.’ Her eyes flared as she said, ‘To men like Nozam – ha! What are women to them? Chattels, possessions, sexual commodities – and that’s all. To most of them, marriage just means a woman to look after the house, safe in the breeding hutch, while they chase after other women.’
‘Some men are different, Sanomi.’
‘Yes, some are different. Thank god for that! Anyway, I put my own neck into the noose, didn’t I?’ She wiped her eyes and looked at me almost defiantly. ‘Perhaps that’s what hurts the most – the fact that I walked into the trap, when I could have avoided it.’ She leaned over, took my hand, squeezed it, and said, ‘It’s miserable! That’s what it is – damn, damn miserable!’
We left the restaurant and as Sanomi started the car, she said, ‘Thank god for Father Arbuthnoir.’
‘Yes?’
‘He got me the position at the Women’s Rights Centre.’
‘Arbuthnoir did?’
‘Oh, yes. He has influence. He’s on the board of the centre’s foreign donors.’
‘Arbuthnoir saved my bacon too, you know.’
‘When you were detained?’
‘Yes. If it hadn’t been for him and Nenkoseni – well, I might have been dead a long time ago. I wouldn’t be here now, that’s for sure.’
Sanomi turned into the traffic and settled back into her seat. She asked, ‘Did Arbuthnoir ever say anything to you about – you know – about you and me?’
‘No. Not that I can remember.’
Looking straight ahead, concentrating on driving, Sanomi said flatly, ‘Oh. I see.’
I asked, ‘Did he say something to you?’
She looked at me sidelong. ‘Yes. He did, once.’
‘What did he say?’
Sanomi flashed me the same look, pursed her lips and said, ‘I’ll tell you some time. Some time when it’s more appropriate.’ She turned on the car radio. The presenter’s voice came through the tinny speaker: ‘…awaiting your calls. It’s a warm and calm Saturday night in downtown Fort Marnay. Don’t forget to phone in and share your happiness and pleasure with the rest of the listeners. Meanwhile, here’s the latest release by Keretani’s own African reggae singer, Shifi Shinifi and his band.’ Sanomi snorted and switched off the radio. We travelled in silence for the rest of the journey.
When she dropped me at my lodgings, Sanomi leaned over, put a hand on the side of my face, and kissed my cheek. She said, ‘Oh, Kerem, it’s so good to have you back home again.’ I took her hand and pressed it to my cheek. I held it there, thinking, why not, why not now? After all this time, why not now? Then I collected myself and got out of the car. She waved and drove off into the warm night.
Predictably, the KNF won the election with more than 75 per cent of the votes. The new parliament, with Papa Kwe as President, set about drafting the constitution and making the arrangements that would take Keretani to independence and on to the uncharted waters of nationhood.
Rita joined me on the day before the independence celebrations. She stayed on for a while and got a job as a divisional head in the new Ministry of Finance. For a while, it looked as if she might settle in Keretani permanently. But then things started to go sour. Firstly, she was mugged at knife point. In fact, her assailants nearly succeeded in raping her. They had her down on the ground, her dress torn open, when a passing motorist scared them off. The next blip on the downward graph came a few weeks later when she went to the new Ministry of the Interior to renew her work permit. She told me what happened there. ‘First, I went to a counter and asked for an application form. The clerk told me to go to counter number one. I joined the queue. Have you seen the queues in that building? There must have been about fifty people standing in line and I couldn’t see any sign of movement. So I gave up and walked away. The main entrance to the building was around the corner. On impulse, I asked the security guard at the desk if he had any application forms. He must have had about five hundred forms there and he gave me one without any trouble.’
‘So you got a form. You can submit your application. That’s good.’
‘True. But why couldn’t they put up a sign in the main concourse? Why do people have to wait for hours for a form when they can get one just around the corner without waiting even one minute? Is that the way people are going to be treated in independent Keretani – like herds of cattle, without any dignity?’
‘They’re still getting organised. Give them a chance, Rita.’
She shook her head sceptically. However, that wasn’t the worst irritation that Rita suffered from the Ministry of the Interior. Having one bad experience of queues, she sent her forms by registered mail and waited for an answer. A month later, a short time before her visa was due to expire, she phoned to ask if her new visa was ready. After her call was transferred from office to office, she was finally told that there was no trace of her application. Rita asked for the name of the official to whom she was speaking and was told to mind her own business and to submit a new application. Rita delivered this one by hand, after slipping past the security guards and ignoring a notice that stated ‘Unauthorised Entry Prohibited.’ She found someone who would accept the application and was told that her visa would be ready within two weeks.
At the appointed time, Rita went down to pick up her new visa. She joined a queue and after forty-five minutes, just as Rita reached the front of the queue, the counter closed. Rita went to the information counter and asked why the counter had closed. The clerk said that it was closed for lunch. Rita asked what time lunch was taken. The clerk said that lunchtime was one o’clock. She pointed out that the clock showed only twenty minutes before one. The clerk shrugged and said that her colleague must have taken an early lunch break. Rita asked when the counter would be open again. The clerk told her that it would open the next morning. Then Rita asked why the operating hours of counters weren’t posted for everyone to see. The clerk shrugged, put up a ‘Closed’ notice, and left the counter leaving Rita and everyone else in the queue stranded.
I managed to get Rita’s visa through a contact in the ministry, after she completed a third application form.
Rita said, ‘Thanks, Kerem. I’m grateful. At least they won’t deport me. But if I have to go through that sort of experience every year, just to get a new visa –’ She shook her head vehemently. ‘I don’t have to put up with it, and I won’t either.’
‘Give them a chance, Rita. They just need time to get organised.’
‘Perhaps – but I doubt it. From what I saw, those clerks are quite happy to treat people like cattle. What’s more, everyone seems to think its normal, including the people who are being treated like that.’
‘I guess people in Africa are more patient. Maybe that’s the answer.’
‘Patience! It’s sheer damned arrogance on one side and subservience on the other side! That’s all it is.’
The final straw was when on of Rita’s colleagues made a pass at her at work. In fact, it was more than a simple pass. He had his hands inside Rita’s bra, squeezing and fondling her breasts, almost before she realised what was happening. Rita struck backwards with her elbow, hitting him in the groin. He dropped to the floor, yelling, calling her a white bitch. Rita went straight to her boss, the permanent secretary, to lodge a complaint. The permanent secretary looked at her in surprise and said, ‘No, you shouldn’t be so fierce about the matter. It is just a little misunderstanding.’
‘What? He was fondling me. That’s not a misunderstanding. That’s sexual harassment.’
‘But that is only because he finds you attractive. It is a compliment. You should be pleased.’
‘It’s not a compliment! It’s disgusting. It’s harassment. I’m making a formal complaint.’
‘No, Miss Rita, don’t be so hasty. You are very upset. You need to cool down. I have a nice idea. Why don’t you have dinner with me tonight? We can discuss the matter when you are more relaxed.’
Rita said that she was almost spitting with rage by this time. However, she controlled herself and replied, ‘No. This is a professional matter. I want it settled here, at work.’
‘Yes, yes, of course it is a professional matter. We are all professionals. But it will be much better if we can discuss it when we are more relaxed.’
Rita told the man, ‘Even if I approved of the way you’re handling this matter, I wouldn’t have dinner with you.’
‘But why not?’
‘I have a partner and you’re married. What about your wife?’
‘My wife? It does not concern her. This is not a mater for the house. A wife is for the house and children. That is all that concerns her.’
Rita kept her temper under control. She said, ‘Forget about dinner! I want to lay a formal complaint and I want to do it now.’
The permanent secretary stood up and replied, ‘No, I will not accept a complaint. It is time that you listen to me.’
‘Oh? About what?’
‘It is time that you learned that you are in Africa now. It is time that you learned that it is part of African culture for a man to show that he admires a woman. It is time that you learned that a woman should be happy that she is admired.’
‘What?’
‘Yes. It is very disrespectful to dismiss our culture. Also, it is time that you learned to speak respectfully to your superiors. This is not Europe, where everyone can do and say just what they want to. We have our own culture and our own ways of doing things.’ The permanent secretary banged a fist on his desk. ‘I do not approve of how you are speaking to me. It is not respectful.’
‘What? You’re trying to place the blame on me?’
The permanent secretary said, ‘It is like I said, this is Africa, and we have our own culture. You would not complain if a white man did that to you. On the contrary, you would be happy. Go now!’ He waved Rita to the door.
Rita resigned her position in disgust and spent two weeks travelling around Keretani to see the sights. When she returned to Fort Marnay, her mind was made up, as I knew it would be. Not all of the beauties of Keretani – the savannah plains, the game parks, the misty highlands and the endless sweep of tropical beaches – could compensate for what she described as the careless, dehumanizing way in which people were treated. More especially, as Rita said, she would never get used to the fact that people accepted that sort of treatment. It was not self-respecting, it was not dignified, and she didn’t have to accept it. She was going.
Rita tried to convince me to move back to London but I said, ‘No, Rita, I’ve struggled too hard for an independent Keretani to give up now.’
‘But Kerem, don’t you see – you don’t owe Keretani anything. You’ve struggled for it, and you’ve sacrificed for it. You’ve made your contribution. Now you’re free to go where things are best for you.’
‘Look, Rita, this thing is too close to my heart. If I joined you in London – no, I just can’t do it. Maybe in ten or fifteen years’ time – I don’t really know – but not right now.’
Rita looked at me closely. Then she put her arms around me, rubbed her face against mine, and said sadly, ‘I know it, Kerem, I know it. In my heart I know that you have to be here.’
When we said our farewells at the airport, we both knew that it was a final separation. Rita had her life to live and I had mine. Another chapter was closing.
After she left, I threw myself into my work with the conviction that can’t be bought with money or with other external incentives. I missed Rita, but apart from that it was one of the most satisfying periods of my life. Four months after independence, I resigned from the Churches’ Monitoring Agency. I moved into an old printing business that I had bought with the agreement of the donors and began to prepare for the day when Keretani’s newest newspaper would hit the streets.
Three months later, it happened when the ‘Fort Marnay Messenger’ was launched.
About a year later, the inevitable happened. Sanomi and I became lovers and set up house together. We waited until she was definitely, irrevocably, finally finished with Nozam – but we didn’t wait much beyond that point.

FOURTEEN: MY WOMAN NOW

It was late in the evening of the day on which Nozam died. Looking for material for a journalistic obituary for Nozam, I looked through the ‘Messenger’s’ archival material on him. Paging through the cuttings, I was reminded of how quickly Nozam had climbed the ladder. A year after independence, the old bishop resigned to follow Brother George, the Renartes, and many others like them, on the path to snug retirement in Europe. Nozam became the first Keretanian bishop and the youngest bishop ever appointed anywhere by the church.
However, the ascending vector of Nozam’s career had its hiccups. Soon after he was elected as bishop, he was involved in a public scandal when Sanomi had to be treated in hospital for a broken jaw, two cracked ribs, and a lacerated ear. Nozam said that she stumbled and had fallen downstairs while Sanomi said that the truth was that Nozam had beaten her with a stick. After that, she confronted him with an ultimatum: either he would foreswear his extramarital liaisons or she would begin divorce proceedings. The matter was front-page news. My own newspaper covered the matter from just about every possible angle: Nozam, the first Keretanian to become a bishop, exposed as a wife-beater; Nozam, praised by the president as a fighter for justice, seen to have feet of clay; Nozam, the honorary president of the mothers’ union of the church, assaulting the director of the Women’s Rights Centre…
One of my enterprising female colleagues even did an investigative piece on Nozam and violence against women. She wrote that Nozam had helped to cover up the atrocities of Lepando, where many women detainees claimed that they had been raped and sexually misused by guards and by senior KNF officials. It didn’t help Nozam’s cause when, on the day after Sanomi was hospitalized, one of my reporters got a photograph of Miss Tlokuni carrying suitcases and household appliances into Nozam’s house. The reporter did some in-depth sleuthing and discovered that Miss Tlokuni had been shopping with Nozam’s credit card, buying household appliances, compact discs, and – sensation! – frilly underclothes. To embellish the report, we published a photograph of the shop assistant holding up undergarments identical to the ones that Miss Tlokuni had purchased.
I sat there with the archival material in front of me, thinking how far we had come and yet how little we seemed to have gained. I remember how Nozam had phoned me the day after Sanomi was hospitalized. It marked another downward dip in our nearly rock-bottom relationship.
Nozam growled at me, ‘Kerem, what do you think you’re playing at?’
‘Who’s speaking?’
‘Nozam! It’s me Nozam! Don’t pretend you don’t know my voice.’
‘You caught me by surprise. I wasn’t expecting to hear from you.’
 ‘Don’t play cool with me, Kerem! We both know you were damn well expecting to hear from me.’
‘Okay, Nozam, have it your way. How can I help you?’
‘You know how you can help me! Are you pretending to be ignorant, or what?’
‘I’m not sure that I know what you’re talking about Nozam. Perhaps you should spell it out for me.’
There was the sound of spluttering on the other side of the line. Then Nozam roared at me, ‘Call your people off, Kerem!’
 ‘Sorry, Nozam, I can’t do that.’
‘You dam well can! You’re the editor.’
‘True. But I can’t do it. Firstly, I’m not the only one who makes editorial decisions. We have an editorial board and we run the newspaper as a collective.’
‘You’re telling me that you aren’t even in charge of your own newspaper?’
I ignored his observation and continued, ‘Secondly, Nozam you’re news. Do you expect us to drop the story when every other media organ in the country is covering it?’ I nearly said, ‘Thirdly have you seen the state that Sanomi is in? Have you seen what you did to her?’ But I bit back those words.
There was a heavy pause on the other side of the line. Then Nozam said, ‘I’ll apply for a High Court injunction.’
‘Oh? Will you?’
‘Yes! I’ll have your newspaper restrained from publishing anything further about me and Miss Tlokuni.’
‘Okay, Nozam. Carry on. You do what you have to do.’
‘And, what’s more, I’ll have you in court for libel!’
‘Well, Nozam, it sounds like you’re going to be busy. You’d better get to work. Don’t let me hold you back.’
‘God, Kerem, you fancy yourself, don’t you? But you’ll be laughing on the other side of your face when I’m finished with you.’
‘You don’t scare me, Nozam. You’re wasting valuable time. You’d better ring off so that you can activate your reptile pit of lawyers and attorneys and other scaly creatures.’
‘I’ll get you! I swear I’ll get you for this!’
‘Is that all you have to say? I have work to do. Goodbye Nozam.’
I put down the receiver. It wasn’t true when I told Nozam that I want scared of him. Well, ‘scared’ wasn’t the right word. I was apprehensive of what he could do, with the political connections that he was developing. But I wasn’t going to let him know that and I wasn’t going to back down.
When I visited Sanomi in hospital, she managed to smile wanly amidst the bandages that covered her jaw and ear. She took my hand and whispered hoarsely, ‘Who would have thought that it would come to this?’ Her voice sounded as if it was coming through a sandy sieve.
‘You don’t have to speak. Just relax.’
She squeezed my hand. There were tears in her eyes. She wiped them and asked, ‘You remember that night when you arrived back from exile?’
‘Yes. I remember it well.’
‘I said that I was finished with him, didn’t I?’
‘You did.’
‘I should never have gone back to him.’
‘You did what you thought was best.’
‘No, Kerem, I was a fool. There’s nothing else to be said about it – I was just a big fool.’
‘Sanomi, you’ve got to rest. We can talk about these things some other time.’
She grimaced and shifted her free hand to the side of her jaw. She touched it gingerly and murmured, ‘At least I can still feel. He can’t take that away from me.’ She gave an ironic smile. ‘As they say in the highlands, we are still alive, so we must struggle.’ Sanomi was speaking with such difficulty that I had to lean forward to hear her.
With my face so close to hers, desire moved within me. It was strong, and it was tender. I almost felt ashamed, to be aroused by desire while she was in that condition. I said, ‘Relax. Just relax. I’ll stay for a while. You don’t have to speak.’
Sanomi shifted her head against the pillow and closed her eyes. I sat there, her hand resting in mine. After a while she opened her eyes and whispered, ‘Kerem?’
‘I told you, Sanomi, you should be resting.’
Sanomi’s lips fluttered. Her voice was a rasping whisper. ‘A long time ago, back in Totudi –’ Her voice dropped away and she closed her eyes. She sighed and said, ‘When we were children – remember?’
‘Yes?’
‘I said that I was going to marry you.’
‘Yes. You did. It was when I was home on holiday from Saint Teresa School.’
Sanomi smiled, as much as the bandages and bruising would allow. She murmured, ‘I still don’t have much of a dowry.’
‘What are you saying, Sanomi? Hey, I thought that you were a modern woman. A modern woman doesn’t need a dowry – more especially, the director of the Women’s Rights Centre.’
‘No, perhaps not. But, dowry or not, a modern woman needs to be smart. I haven’t been smart, have I?’
‘Relax, Sanomi. Try to sleep.’
‘Will you stay here with me?’
‘I will.’ And I did.
When Sanomi was discharged from hospital, she moved into my apartment. She stayed there for about ten days, resting up. Then she started going to work, just a few hours a day at first. It was then that I saw Nozam for the last time, face to face – that is, until the day that I saw him on my doorstep.
Nozam phoned me and asked me to meet him. He wouldn’t say why he wanted to see me but I had a good idea of what he wanted, and I didn’t feel like obliging him. Nevertheless, after a few minutes of conversation, I decided to meet him if only for old time’s sake and if only to get him off my back.
We met in a downtown coffee shop. Nozam got straight to the point by saying, ‘I want Sanomi back.’
‘You and Virginia Tlokuni? You both want Sanomi back?’
Nozam’s eyes flashed. Then he regained composure and said, ‘She’s not in the picture any longer.’
‘No? Do you mean she’s not in the picture as your mistress, or not in the picture as your house mate, or what?’
‘I mean that I have nothing more to do with her.’
‘Not even as your secretary?’
‘She vacated the position last week. When I said I have nothing to do with her, I meant exactly that – nothing.’
‘Ah, I see. So now Bishop Nozam is without a woman, and he wants to –’
‘You presume too much, Kerem!’ Nozam poked a finger at me. For a moment, I thought that he was going to throw a punch. I would have preferred him not to do it. Nozam’s frame had filled out with the years, especially around the neck and shoulders, so that he looked rather like a sleek bulldog. I remembered the tussles we had when we were young, and I knew that Nozam could still overpower me. However, caution got the better of him. He drew a deep breath, sank back into his chair, glared at me with real animosity, and growled, ‘The fact remains that Sanomi is my wife.’
‘Is that why you beat her up?’
Nozam was breathing heavily. He poked a finger at me again and snarled, ‘I’m not here to discuss that.’
‘No, I didn’t think that you were.’
‘I’m here to tell you that I want Sanomi back. That’s all that I’m here for.’
‘Why are you telling me? Why me? Tell her yourself, Nozam.’
‘She won’t listen to me. When I try to talk to her, she just puts the phone down.’
I shrugged. What else was there to say? Nozam’s eyes glinted. ‘I’m asking you to talk to her, Kerem.’
‘Okay, Nozam, I’ll tell her what you just said.’
‘No, damn it, I’m not asking you to be a messenger. I’m asking you to reason with her. Get her to see that she has to come back to me.’
‘Why do you think that she will listen to me?’
‘You’re a man. Of course she’ll listen to you.’
‘A good African woman obeys instructions, eh?’
‘Yes, of course. In that respect, we see things the same way, Kerem.’
‘Man, Nozam, you never change, do you?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Do you really think that if I tell Sanomi to go back to you, she’s going to say, “Very well, lord and master, I hear and I obey” and then she will return to your happy home, just like that?’
‘That’s not the way that I would put it – but, yes, you’ve got the general idea.’
‘Listen to me, Nozam, and listen well. Firstly, I’ll tell Sanomi what you said. I’ll do that much. Secondly, I wouldn’t presume to give her instructions. She wouldn’t obey them, anyway. Thirdly, she’s living with me by choice. And I am living with her by choice, as well.’
Nozam leaned right forward and poked a finger right under my nose. He shouted, ‘She’s my woman, damn you! You’ve stolen my woman.’
‘You know something, Nozam? You’re a cripple!’
‘Me? My leg was never injured, like yours was. There’s nothing crippled about me.’
‘You’re a moral cripple, Nozam. I’d rather have broken my leg ten times than – oh, man, you disgust me.’
‘I’ll remember that, Kerem.’ Nozam’s eyes were hard and his face was clenched. He hunched his shoulders and shook his jaw as if he already had me in his grip. ‘You think that you can insult me and get away with it. I swear that you’ll learn who I am, and I swear that it won’t be pleasant for you.’
I got up, saying, ‘She’s my woman now, Nozam, and she’s chosen me to be her man. Face the facts – it’s over between you and her. It’s finished!’ I moved towards the door.
To my relief, Nozam didn’t follow me. I didn’t want to get into a tussle with him. It would have been embarrassing and it could also have been painful. However, he stood up and shouted at my departing back, ‘You’ll pay for this Kerem! I have connections. I’m telling you, you’ll pay for this!’
As I said, that was the last time that I spoke to Nozam face to face. When I told Sanomi about my meeting with Nozam, she just shrugged and commented, ‘He’s jealous. He always was jealous of you and me.’ I nodded, remembering the first time that Sanomi told me that. I was sceptical then. But now I was a lot more inclined to believe her. She continued, ‘I’ve learned two things about Nozam. One is that he’s greedy. He doesn’t like to miss a chance to get hold of something, and he doesn’t want to give up anything when he’s got it. Apart from jealousy, that’s the main reason that he doesn’t want me to leave – he thinks that I’m his possession and it offends him that I’ve slipped out of his grasp.’
‘And the second thing is –?’
‘He’s ambitious. In fact, his greed is only equaled by his ambition. A divorce isn’t good for his image as a bishop, especially when it’s plastered across the front pages of the newspapers.’
‘That’s true.’
 ‘Nozam doesn’t want any hiccups. He has plans for even bigger things in the near future.’
‘Politics?’
Sanomi nodded. ‘Yes, of course. What else?’ Her lips tightened. ‘Sorry. I’m crying. How do novelists put it – tears of regret? Tears of rage, perhaps? God, I can’t believe how I’ve wasted my time with that man!’ She blew her nose and said, ‘Why am I crying? For Nozam? Hey, I should be celebrating.’ She leaned forward and said intently, ‘You can take my word for it that Nozam will subjugate everything to his greed and his ambition.’
‘Even Virginia Tlokuni, it seems?’
Sanomi wrinkled her nose scornfully. ‘Oh, her! She was always heading for a fall sooner or later. Nozam’s appetites are boundless. He uses women, and he despises them. Then he moves on.’
I paged through the archival material and came across a report of the occasion on which Nozam was inaugurated as a bishop. The president himself spoke at the ceremony, praising Nozam as a son of the soil, a loyal comrade in the struggle, and a doughty fighter for justice and liberty. Papa Kwe said, ‘Our mother, the church, has made a wise choice. The time is long overdue for people like Comrade Bishop Nozam to come the fore. We are working to continue the struggle, we will consolidate our gains, and we will complete the great and historic process of nation-building. Comrade Bishop Nozam will be in the vanguard of our inexorable march to accomplish our destiny.’ There was a photograph of the president and Nozam standing side by side at the inauguration. Nozam was wearing his bishop’s regalia and Papa Kwe was flashing his characteristic toothy smile while brandishing his trademark walking stick with the carved head.
One year later, after a parliamentarian died in a car accident – the super-powered Mercedes Benzes were taking a heavy toll of the nation’s new elite – the president offered Nozam the vacant seat in the National Assembly. Of course, Nozam accepted the offer, being eager to aid the nation in its inexorable march to accomplish its destiny. He soon began to make a name for himself by becoming a noted spokesman for Keretanian authenticity. He began to dress in West African-inspired flowing robes and proposed that the parliamentary restaurant should serve only African-type dishes. This move was not an unqualified success because although the proposal was supported by an overwhelming vote in favour, after a few weeks the menu was discontinued when the parliamentarians discovered that they had lost their taste for maize meal, spinach, and dried mepena worms.
In his maiden speech in parliament, Nozam demanded that European museums and art galleries should repatriate stolen works of art. He promised to provide the Ministry of Foreign Affairs with a list of the stolen objects although as our newspaper reported later, he never did so. When asked about the matter, he replied that it was difficult to get at the facts because the museums and galleries had hidden the art works away to conceal the evidence of their guilt. In fact, as we reported, the real reason was that the museums and collectors had paid the artists the going prices at the time and it would have cost a fortune to repatriate the objects at current prices.
Nozam also advocated a new history curriculum for the schools, calling it ‘vanguard history’ and describing it as the true history of the struggling masses. However, although it was suffused with African authenticity, the project didn’t enjoy much support in parliament. It seemed that parliamentarians were more interested in the project that was already under way at the new National University of Keretani, in which the true history – Lepando excepted – of the struggling, vanguard elite was being documented. The history of the struggling masses was shelved indefinitely.
In his enthusiasm, Nozam went too far when he proposed that the title of ‘President’ should be changed to ‘Iliberatana’– the liberator. When asked for a comment, the president said that he appreciated the suggestion as a tribute to the anti-colonial struggle. However, his current title of ‘president’ enjoyed acceptance by the international community, so he thought that it was best not to change it.
The opposition press had a field day. Our own newspaper published a cartoon showing the president in the company of some of Africa’s most notable ruling kleptomaniacs, each one wearing a label with the legend ‘Iliberatana’ and suggesting that the title was apt because they had liberated their nations’ wealth into their own pockets and foreign bank accounts. 
After a few days’ silence, Nozam said that he was misquoted and that even if he had said it, it had been quoted out of context by the reactionary press. He explained that he had really said that every municipality in the country should have an ‘Iliberatana Avenue’ in honour of the Founding President of the Republic of Keretani. Papa Kwe responded that he was honoured by the suggestion. Within three months, every town in Keretani had its ‘Iliberatana Avenue’. The president travelled to the official inauguration of every one of these newly named streets and it was noticeable that Nozam was always a member of the party that accompanied him.
Looking at these photographs, and noting how Nozam’s meteorite drew into ever-closer orbit around the presidential comet, I saw that there was another familiar face in all the photographs. That face belonged to Lokusi, who was head of security at Presidential House. I wondered who was watching whom.
At the election that took place five years after independence, Nozam was in the top one-third of candidates on the party’s nomination list. The KNF won by an increased majority and Nozam was elected as speaker of the National Assembly. One year later, after a cabinet reshuffle, he was appointed Minister of Economic Affairs. However, there was also a meteoric fall to earth.

FIFTEEN: THE DIRTY TIDE

About three years after Nozam was appointed to the ministerial position, he was dismissed and was appointed as third secretary in the KNF party apparatus. The presidential spokesman explained in a lame statement that Comrade Nozam’s talents were needed to assist the party in expanding its grassroots base. Of course, it wasn’t the truth. In fact, when Nozam was booted out of his position, he wanted to return to a position in the church. However, the president forbade it. He didn’t want Nozam in a position where he could have too much room for maneuvering. Nozam knew too much. So the position of third deputy secretary was created within the party organisation and Nozam was drafted into the position. It was clear that there was a big story behind the events, but it took us some time to get the facts. When we finally did get them, it was one of our biggest stories ever.
Arbuthnoir never let me know when he was making a trip to Keretani. The phone would ring and he would say, ‘Hello Kerem, is that you? Yes, I’ve just arrived in Fort Marnay. I’ll be here for a few days before I go up country. How about meeting me for a beer and a chat?’ He never visited me at home and as far as I know he never met Sanomi after she was divorced. He usually phoned her, to ask how things were going at the Women’s Rights Centre. That was all.
Did Arbuthnoir disapprove of divorce? Did he disapprove of couples who lived together without benefit of marriage? Or was it something else? Mind you, to my knowledge Arbuthnoir never had any women friends, and he never seemed to have much to do with women. Perhaps that was the explanation. I didn’t ask and Arbuthnoir didn’t offer any comment. Whatever the reason, we always met at my office or in a restaurant.
This time, as usual we settled down with our bottles of Palm Bay larger. Arbuthnoir grinned at me companionably while he hauled out his pipe and patted his pockets. It was always the same. He never seemed to know where his matches were and when he found them, he would begin another search for his tobacco pouch. He said approvingly, ‘Kerem my boy, you’re looking well.’
‘So are you, father.’
‘Oh, come on, none of that.’ Arbuthnoir wagged his finger. ‘I’m getting old. I forget half the things that I should remember. My joints creak so much that every time I get out of an airplane, I tell myself its going to be my last flight. But here I am, making one more trip. And there’ll probably be another one, and one more after that, ad infinitum.’
‘You can’t keep away, father. Keretani is part of you.’
‘True, true! I sometimes wonder why I settled in Europe when I spend half my time planning to get away from it.’ He raised his glass, looked at me over the rim, and smiled ironically. ‘Ah! Palm Bay lager! It’s the one good thing about the colonial legacy, eh?’
Inevitably, we talked about politics. Arbuthnoir’s face crinkled in distaste as he said. ‘The way I see it, Keretani is already a classical case of the suffocating P’s: privilege, paternalism, and patronage.’ He rubbed his nose sceptically and grunted, ‘The trouble is, right now most people like it that way because they think that it offers them a way out of poverty.’ I nodded. Arbuthnoir coughed and said, ‘Damn! I’ve been trying to give up smoking for forty years and I always find myself puffing on my pipe again.’ He took another puff and grunted again. ‘Huh! Politics and the state of the nation! It’s like a great wheel, turning inexorably through its cycle. Turning, turning, turning! Right now, the wheel is at the phase where the people still want to believe that it’s going to bring them something good. Not so?’ I nodded again. Arbuthnoir asked, ‘Well?’
‘It’s not the first time I’ve heard it.’
Arbuthnoir gave me a conspiratorial grin. ‘Not at all original eh? Why should it be? There’s nothing original about poverty, suffering and corruption, is there? It’s just the depressing old cycle, repeated and repeated, as the same old wheel goes on turning. Huh! The politicians keep dangling hope in front of the noses of the people, and the people keep on following, because they’re desperate to believe that they’re going to get something good out of it. Aluta continua!’
‘The looting continues!’
Arbuthnoir grinned sardonically and repeated, ‘Aluta continua – the looting continues.’ He puffed on his pipe and then asked, ‘What now?’
‘Hope is starting to wear thin, father. People are getting restless. They don’t want to speak out openly but the whispering and muttering have started.’ Arbuthnoir nodded and grimaced. I said, ‘The promises are starting to wear thin. The promise is going out of the Promised Land. That’s when phase two begins.’
‘Phase two?’
‘To use your analogy, father, the wheel is turning into its new phase. The politicians know it, too. That’s why they’ve adopted new tactics, like intimidating opponents and dissidents, and creating external and internal threats to keep people in line.’
God, I wished that what I was saying wasn’t true. Even in the darkest days, imprisoned in Lepando, I still had hope. Even when I was alone and lonely in the early days in London, shunned by the KNF, an outcast to the solidarity organisations, without friends or contacts, I used to tell myself that Keretani was going to be different. The thought kept me going, like a fiery pillar to my wanderings in the desert. Through all that time, I steered my course towards the promise in the Promised Land. But now, to use Arbuthnoir’s words, I could see that the same old wheel was turning inexorably and that it was following the familiar trail. I said, ‘It’s like going to the theatre to watch a well-known play. You want to warn the characters on stage about what’s coming their way, but it’s no good. No matter what you know or do, the script will be followed to the end – act one, act two, and the rest of it. You stand up, you wave your arms around, and you shout a warning – and what happens? They insult you for being disruptive. They tell you it’s their script, they wrote it, they staged the production, and they’ll damn well play it without any interference.’
Arbuthnoir sat back and looked at me, dispirited. He puffed on his pipe. Then he said heavily, ‘That’s how it is.’
I said, ‘The national myth is beginning to fray at the edges.’
‘The national myth?’
I intoned liturgically, ‘We remember how cruelly we suffered under colonialism. We celebrate how the KNF led us through the wilderness of resistance as we struggled for our liberation. We rejoice that the KNF led us across the Jordan of Independence into the Promised Land.’ Arbuthnoir chuckled sceptically. I added, ‘And we politicians thank you, oh Lord, that the people believe that it entitles us to rule forever, because it stops them from asking questions while we feed off the milk and honey that are our fruits of independence.’
Arbuthnoir gave a short laugh and threw up his hands. ‘Huh! The national myth! That’s cynical and corrosive, isn’t it? But there’s also a lot of truth in it.’ He rubbed his eyes wearily. ‘Oh, my boy, I wish it could be different. I’d give ten years of my life for it to be otherwise.’ He sighed. ‘It’s depressing. Do you want to change the subject?’’
‘Yes, father. Let’s change the subject. Why don’t you teach me how to get some of that milk and honey?’
Arbuthnoir snorted. ‘Huh! I don’t have to teach you that, my boy. You know that all you have to do is join the loyal procession.’
‘You mean that I should be a cockroach?’
‘A cockroach?’
‘Yes, father – a political cockroach. I should scuttle in the right direction, waggle my feelers in adulation, and chirp the acceptable songs of praise.’
Arbuthnoir snorted and said, ‘That’s right, my boy. Loyalty is all it takes. Bury your conscience, your better feelings, and your critical sense under a dung heap of loyalty – then you’ll enter into your inheritance, for sure.’ I was about to reply when Arbuthnoir raised a finger. From nearby, one or two streets away, we heard the sirens. A big-man politician was going somewhere, accompanied by the usual retinue of outriders, security police and traffic cops. I could visualize how the black Mercedes Benzes with darkened windows were sweeping down the avenues while the traffic lights blinked frantically on amber and pedestrians and motorists huddled at the kerb sides.
The sounds faded away and Arbuthnoir inclined his head and sighed as if saying, there you have it. At times like this, his age showed. For a moment, he receded into himself, like a portrait on a fading sepia print. When this happened, it reminded me of just how far back into the past Totudi and my childhood lay. Arbuthnoir sighed again. ‘It’s painful, Kerem, it’s painful. There’s so much here that I love, there’s so much to hope for. You know what I mean, don’t you?’
‘Yes, father, I do.’ It was true. I did know. I felt the same.
He raised his glass, looked at me, put it down again and said, ‘But underneath it all, you feel things moving like a dirty, tidal pull. You’ve seen it all before – Abacha, Amin, Mobutu, and all the others – pha! A rogues’gallery! The beach hasn’t even been cleared of the debris and slime of the last tide before the next dirty tide moves in. Ha! Hubris, hubris!’ He slumped back and rubbed his eyes.
At the ‘Fort Marnay Messenger’, the incoming tide was already swirling around our feet. Hardly a week passed without a politician launching a verbal attack on the ‘Messenger’ or one of the other two remaining independent newspapers. It was a predictable routine. Firstly, the attack would receive gleeful coverage on the Keretani Broadcasting Corporation news bulletins. Then after the issue had been given plenty of airtime on radio and television, the politicians would be interviewed – just in case people didn’t get the message the first time. Next the KNF Youth League would be mobilized for a denunciatory rally, which would also be duly covered by the sycophants at the KBC. The bald-headed and pot-bellied leaders of the so-called Youth League would accuse us of misrepresentation and bias, of disloyalty to the state, of being agents of imperialism, of Eurocentrism, of being un-African, of scaring off investors …Man, what didn’t they accuse us of? I reckon if the Minister of Whatever Parasitical Portfolio died of a heart attack while he was astride a prostitute, they’d probably accuse the independent press of being responsible.
Lately the campaign had moved beyond verbal attacks. In the past six months, two of my journalists had been assaulted, ostensibly by common criminals. One of my colleagues was raped and beaten when she was returning at night from an assignment. Of course, the police never arrested any suspects. In public, the politicians always maintained that they were fully committed to civil liberties. Once or twice a year, some low-ranking deputy minister would be sent out to provide formal assurances that the government of Keretani was committed to upholding the constitution, the rule of law, civil liberties, the bill of fundamental rights, and all the rest of it, including media freedom. The deputy minister usually made the speech at a cocktail party to celebrate some or other country’s national day, or perhaps it would be at a gathering to acknowledge the latest UN-proclaimed Day of Some Worthy Cause. The audience consisted of diplomats, United Nations officials, academics, assorted foreign NGO workers, and politicians – the usual charmed circle of the expense-account-enjoying, backslapping fraternity. They would sip at their cocktails and chuckle to each other convivially while the politician stumbled through his prepared text. The speech always got plenty of airtime on the KBC, which seemed to have cameras and microphones permanently mounted in the conference rooms of both of Fort Marnay’s four-star hotels.
However, no one spoke about these things at the KNF’s political rallies. There, the triumphal rhetoric was always about the glories of the liberation struggle, release from oppression, national unity – under the banner of the KNF, of course – and the historical inevitability of Keretanian nationhood. The national myth was the resonant drum that summoned the faithful to march to its beat.
Arbuthnoir and I sat at the restaurant table in somber mood, drinking our beers. More sirens wailed somewhere in the distance. Arbuthnoir grunted sceptically. Then he suddenly snapped his fingers and said, ‘Nozam!’
‘Nozam, father? What about him?’
‘Have you heard about his latest escapade?’
‘His latest mistress? Or are you talking about the paternity suit against him?’
Arbuthnoir waved a hand dismissively. ‘No, none of those. I’m talking about the Wiloporte matter.’
‘Wiloporte Enterprises?’
‘Yes, the same.’
‘What about Wiloporte?’
Arbuthnoir sat back, puffed at his pipe, and looked at me shrewdly. He asked, ‘What do you know about Wiloporte Enterprises?’
‘Only what everyone else knows, I guess.’
‘Which is –?’
‘Which is that the president made an official visit to France about three years ago. While he was there he met Francois Wiloporte, entrepreneur of African background, who offered to set up a motor assembly plant in Fort Marnay. He planned to import the vehicles in knock-down form, at a low importation tariff.’
‘A tariff especially arranged for the Wiloporte deal, not so?’
‘Correct. The second essential factor in the deal was that the civil service – police, army, education, and all the other ministries – would only buy vehicles assembled by Wiloporte Enterprises.’
‘A good deal, eh?’
‘Oh, yes, of course. Keretani got a motor assembly plant, the president could boast about foreign investment and job creation, and Wiloporte got good profits.’
‘Not only Wiloporte, eh? A few politicians as well?’
‘We know that, father. Everyone knows that. The trouble is, like most of these deals, you can never find out who’s getting the rake-offs. If we had the details, we’d print them.’
Arbuthnoir puffed on his pipe thoughtfully. Then he said, ‘Nozam got amongst the profits. He got amongst them in a big way.’
‘Well, we know that – or at least we suspect it. Of course, as Minister of Economic Affairs he would have had his fingers deep in the pie. Big men eat big, not so? But, as usual, it’s almost impossible to get hard proof. The ranks close as tight as a deep-sea clam when you start asking questions.’
Arbuthnoir dropped his voice and asked, ‘Do you know why Nozam was reduced to the ranks?’
‘Well, we’re pretty certain that Nozam put his finger into the pie too deeply – much too deeply.’
‘The big man ate too big, eh?’
‘Yes, he ate way too big. But how do we prove it?’
Arbuthnoir sat back and looked at me quizzically, as if he knew something and was wondering how to tell me about it. He grimaced and asked, ‘What about the president? Do you know what he got out of the deal?’
‘Oh, come on, father, you know how it is. It’s difficult enough to pin anything on other people – but Papa Kwe! He’s Keretani’s own tinfoil man. Oh, sure, we know how the system works – the money gets distributed amongst his extended family. His wife, his sons, his brothers, his brothers-in-law, his nephews – everyone gets something, and the president gets a share of everything that they get. But, damn it, try proving it! Nothing ever leaks out. It’s not only a case of honor amongst thieves. They also cover their tracks by having legal fronts, as members of company boards, directors, or whatever.’
Arbuthnoir rubbed his chin and grinned conspiratorially. ‘Hmm! I might have something for you.’
‘Someone is willing to talk? Who? 
‘In a moment, my boy, in a moment! Patience, patience! You journalists always jump at the first hint of a story.’Arbuthnoir spread his hands and looked at me ingenuously. ‘Don’t hurry your old friend, Father Arbuthnoir. Give him a little time and space.’
‘Father, are you leading me on, or –?
‘No, no, my boy, of course not! Would I ever lead you on? No, there’s a story and you’ll get it, for sure.’
‘A story about Nozam?’
‘Of course! Didn’t I say that earlier? But first, tell me what you know about Nozam and the Wiloporte deal – or, at least, what you suspect.’
‘Well, father, the way we put the story together is that when the president made the deal with Wiloporte Enterprises, he left it to the Ministry of Economic Affairs to tie up all the loose ends. Nozam handled most of it personally. Along the way, Nozam saw to it that his father’s dealership got the contract to distribute all of the vehicles that were assembled.’
‘Right, that’s the way I heard it, too.’
I continued, ‘Nozam’s father got a first-class ticket on the ride to riches because, apart from the deal with the civil service, his prices were much lower than those of competitors. Wiloporte pays importation duties of ten per cent, instead of the fifty per cent imposed on assembled vehicles.’ Arbuthnoir nodded. ‘Of course, Nozam was appointed as a member of the board of the new dealership.’
‘Of course. It’s known as empowerment.’ Arbuthnoir grinned sardonically and said, ‘Ah, yes! Not only big men eat big. It is also customary for their families to eat big.’
I told Arbuthnoir that up to this point, Nozam’s actions weren’t different to what any other head of a ministry had done, or would do, in similar circumstances. When questions were asked in parliament and in the press, the arrangements were defended in the name of encouraging foreign investment, promoting affirmative action, and advancing indigenous empowerment. As usual, the firebrand KNF backbenchers were unfastened from their leashes and let loose on the critics, hurling invective at them, labeling them as unpatriotic and disloyal elements who were so brainwashed by Western imperialism that they couldn’t appreciate how Keretani was leading the way in adapting authentic African customs to the demands of a modern nation.
However, outside the ruling circles, people were more pragmatic. They just laughed the African laugh, the one that you hear all over the continent. It’s the laugh that means that things are so incongruous, so absurd, and so recondite that they can only be confronted with laughter. Rationality fails, anger fails, anxiety fails – only laughter can put things into perspective. Only laugher can confront the chaotic absurdity of things. Then, when their laughter subsided, they shrugged and said something about big bellies needing big food. Or they said, ‘One hand washes the other hand – so is the world.’
Arbuthnoir asked, ‘What about the fact that Nozam was both a cabinet minister and a member of the board of a company that benefited from the deal? Is that legal?’
‘No. But we can’t prove it?’
‘Why not?’
‘Because the composition of company boards isn’t public knowledge.’
Arbuthnoir raised his eyebrows. ‘No?’
‘No. That portion of company law was revoked a few years ago. They said that it was in the interests of national security.’
Arbuthnoir raised his eyebrows even higher. Then he sat back and ran his fingers through his beard. He looked at me shrewdly and said, ‘Miss Renkula is involved.’
‘Miss Renkula!’I was genuinely surprised. ‘How does she come into the picture?’
Arbuthnoir was looking at me appraisingly. He wrinkled his nose and rubbed his chin. Finally he said, ‘Did you know that she was Goklola’s mistress?’
‘Goklola – Nozam’s father?’
‘The same.’
‘Man, no! It’s the first that I’ve ever heard about it. When was that?’
‘It was a long time ago, back in the old days in Totudi, when you were still a boy. The affair ended while you were attending Saint Teresa School.’ Arbuthnoir grinned sardonically. ‘No reason why school boys should know all about the indiscretions of the adults, is there?’
‘No. As you say, no reason. But, hey, it’s a real surprise.’
Before independence, Goklola walked a tightrope. He made a lot of money from contracts with the colonial government. Of course, he wasn’t popular. People used to mutter that the KNF would get him one day, for being a collaborator. That never happened. Goklola managed to keep his balance, no matter how much the rope heaved and shook. During the election campaign that preceded independence, Goklola provided KNF supporters with transport to attend rallies and supplied cloth in the KNF colours at cost price. After independence, the graph of his fortunes climbed rapidly. The KNF government touted Goklola as an example for indigenous would-be entrepreneurs. He was a foremost choice on panels that appeared on television and on public platforms discussing economic policy. 
Things improved even more when, two years after independence, Goklola became a member of the presidential economic advisory council. A year later, Goklola provided tangible evidence of his unwavering faith in the KNF and the future of the country when he built a ten-storey building in the middle of Fort Marnay. He named it after the president and donated one whole floor to the KNF to use as party headquarters. Goklola was rewarded by being granted a safe seat as a regional councilor – and, of course, the government contracts continued to roll in.
Arbuthnoir beckoned to a waiter and asked me, ‘Another beer? Yes, let’s have one more. You’re still careful about how much you drink?’ Arbuthnoir paid for the drinks and looked at me quizzically. ‘You’re thinking, Kerem, that –?’
‘Well, father, I’m thinking that just when I seem to have most of the picture, something new comes along.’
‘Join the club, my boy.’
Suddenly, we were laughing. It was the African laugh. It was deep, it was full, and it was a belly-rumbler. After a while, when we settled down, I asked, ‘Where does Miss Renkula come into the picture, father?’
He grunted. ‘Nozam’s father called up his old relationship with her.’
Ten years after independence, Miss Renkula was still only a deputy under-secretary in the Ministry of Education. Her collaboration with the colonialists had not endeared her to her new bosses, so she remained static while others leap-frogged past her. I asked, ‘You’re saying that she has a role in this?’ Arbuthnoir nodded. I said, ‘I didn’t know that she was important enough.’
Arbuthnoir raised a finger and said, ‘Ha! Miss Renkula isn’t just any old deputy under-secretary. She’s the deputy under-secretary in charge of transportation and communications. Remember? And, of course, don’t forget that the Ministry of Education has by far the biggest share of the national budget.’
I said, ‘Yes. Carry on. I’m following you.’
Arbuthnoir nodded. ‘It was Miss Renkula who handled the arrangements for the Ministry of Education to replace most of the fleet of motor vehicles, as well as expand the fleet. She dealt directly with Wiloporte Enterprises as well as with Goklola’s dealership.’
‘Yes. We know that. But we thought that Miss Renkula was just following orders. After all, in her position –’
Arbuthnoir interrupted me with a wave of his hand. ‘Not at all, my boy, not at all! She made pay-offs in her own ministry, as well as in the Ministry of Finance. Some of the money came out of her own pocket, against promise of reimbursements from the slush fund that Nozam controlled.’
‘Pay-offs to make sure that the contracts all went to Goklola’s company?’
‘Yes, of course. And that’s where Nozam made his first wrong move. Miss Renkula never received any money.’
I whistled in surprise. ‘She didn’t even get reimbursed for the bribes that she paid out of her own pocket?’
Arbuthnoir shook his head. ‘No. She claims that she got nothing at all.’
‘I thought that Nozam would have more sense than to do a thing like that.’
Arbuthnoir shrugged. ‘Well, that’s the way it happened.’
‘It fits. Sanomi told me that Nozam is greedy in the extreme.’
‘That’s very likely.’ Arbuthnoir snorted. ‘Ha! Greed, eh? Yes, that sounds like Nozam. But, be that as it may, he could have got away with it – smoothed it over, made a back payment, or whatever. But he didn’t do it.’
‘Greed or not, I would have thought that Nozam was smarter than that.’
Arbuthnoir stroked his beard and looked at me knowingly. He scratched around for his matches, cleared his throat, and said, ‘Nozam made an even bigger mistake.’
‘Even bigger? How?’
 ‘He diverted the money that was meant for the president.’ 
’The president! You mean that Nozam took the president’s rake-off? He actually did that?’
Arbuthnoir nodded. ‘So I’ve heard.’
I whistled again. Things were falling into place. ‘Oh, man, he got hold of the president’s rake-off! So that’s why the president dropped Nozam as Minister of Economic Affairs. We never could find out why it happened. We knew that it was something big, but no one would talk about it. We even did some speculative kite-flying, but it was like trying to open a clam.’
Arbuthnoir sighed. He said flatly, ‘Anyway, that’s what happened to Nozam. He over-reached himself, plain and simple. That’s why he was booted out.’
We already knew that Nozam was told that he could keep his place on the board of his father’s motor dealership as long as he kept his mouth shut. Why not? After all, the main concern was to get Nozam out of the way, and to keep him quiet. There was one more loose end to tie up. I asked Arbuthnoir, ‘Am I correct in thinking that Miss Renkula is ready to talk?’
Arbuthnoir pursed his lips, scratched his head, and said, ‘Hmm, I think so.’ Then he offered one more piece of information. He said, ‘Miss Renkula is angry for another reason, as well.’
‘What’s that?’
‘Goklola resumed his affair with her when they started working together on the Wiloporte matter, but he dropped her when she made a fuss about not getting paid for services rendered.’
This was even better news. A spurned woman was a gift to a journalist in search of information. I said, ‘Thank you, father. I think that we might follow it up.’
Arbuthnoir looked me in the eyes, straight-faced. He didn’t blink. He just said, ‘Why Kerem, I would be surprised if you didn’t.’ Then he added, still with the same expression. ‘Without information, the right to freedom of speech wouldn’t be of much use to the media, would it?’
As we left the restaurant, Arbuthnoir stopped, put up his hand, and remarked, ‘You know, Kerem, there’s one more thing. I’m seeing Miss Renkula tomorrow.’ I looked at him enquiringly. He said, ‘I have some news for her. In fact, it’s an offer of employment.’ He patted his briefcase.
‘Employment? Where?’
‘Well, my boy, if I tell you, will you keep it confidential?’
‘Of course, father.’
‘Absolutely, entirely, completely confidential? You won’t even tell Sanomi?’
‘I promise, father – I’ll keep it completely confidential.’
‘Good! Well, I suppose it won’t do any harm to tell you about it. After all, I’m seeing Miss Renkula tomorrow morning and she’s sure to accept. It’s quite a coup for her.’
‘Father Arbuthnoir! What is it?’
‘Patience, my boy, patience! The fact is – now that you’ve assured me that you’ll keep it confidential – I can tell you that Miss Renkula is being offered quite a plum position.’
‘What’s that?’
‘General Secretary of the Education Unit at the church’s federal headquarters in Geneva.’
‘A permanent position?’ He nodded. ‘With a good pension plan?’
He nodded again. ‘Not only a good pension plan, but a few more benefits as well – a medical scheme, a housing allowance, and a car. The church looks after its own.’ He patted his briefcase. ‘I have the contract right here. She can sign it tomorrow morning, if she wants to.’
‘I should think that she would.’
‘Oh, I should think so, too. As I said, it’s quite a plum position.’ We walked a little way together. Arbuthnoir put a hand on my arm. ‘Perhaps, you know if you left it until the day after tomorrow to send someone around to speak to her…’
We shook hands, embraced, and parted. I turned and watched Arbuthnoir making his way along the crowded sidewalk, bulking above most of the people around him. He was still a striking figure, even if she was beginning to stoop, and even if his graying shock of hair was bald at the crown. Striking, yes – but he always looked deceptively innocent, with his tweed jacket, his avuncular bush of a beard, and his bobbing gait. I couldn’t help grinning and shaking my head as I watched him disappear into the crowd.
Two days later, one of our journalists interviewed Miss Renkula. She gave him the whole story, except the part about the bribes that she had paid. When the subject was mentioned, she said that she would deny that anywhere and everywhere. She also asked us to keep her name out of it, and not to publish the fact that she and Goklola had been involved in a relationship It wouldn’t look good, now that she had accepted a position with a church organization. We agreed to her conditions. As long as we had a verifiable source, we could go ahead and run the story.
It was one of our biggest stories ever. We ran it as a series, one revelation after another. Sales almost doubled. The president’s office phoned us, trying to kill the story. KNF parliamentarians railed about how it was un-African to be disrespectful to elders such as the president and the leaders of the nation. The television service of the KBC countered by running a hastily-compiled series on the Wiloporte Company, emphasizing the economic and social benefits that it brought to Keretani. Happy workers told their stories on television while super-efficient machines clattered in the background.
Of course, we received letters from lawyers, threatening libel action. Just as predictably, the KNF Youth League staged a demonstration, accusing our newspaper of being a pawn of neo-colonialism. The police stood by while the KNF youth, led by the same balding and pot-bellied leaders as always, heaved half-bricks and stones through our windows, smeared dog-shit over our cars, and tore down the front fence. One of our delivery trucks was destroyed in an arson attack and the tires on my car were slashed. To increase the sense of intimidation, two operatives from state security began to follow me, announcing their presence with their dark glasses, thick necks, and quilted leather jackets. However, on the second day, they disappeared when I began to photograph them. I guess they used plain-clothes agents after that.
We carried on running the story. After Lepando, it would take a lot more than this to intimidate me. 

SIXTEEN: THE BEST OF TIMES

The doorbell rang at about five o’clock in the morning. Rubbing sleep from my eyes, I opened the door cautiously and peered out. It was unlikely that a mugger or a thief would be ringing doorbells, but who knew? Crime was increasing and in addition the climate for journalists wasn’t healthy. Perhaps I would find myself looking at the muzzle of a revolver or fending off the sharp end of a knife.
It was dark outside but as far as I could tell no one was there. I released the safety chain, opened the door wider, and peered around. I still couldn’t see anyone. I cursed silently, thinking that some prankster had woken me. Then, as I shuffled forward, I stumbled against something lying on the ground. I stopped, put a foot forward cautiously, and felt around. Whatever was lying there was large and bulky.
Sanomi followed me to the door and asked, ‘Who is it, Kerem?’
‘I don’t know. There’s something lying here. We’d better switch on the light.’
The body was lying twisted to one side with an arm splayed out towards the street, as if accusing whoever had dumped it there. I didn’t need a medical specialist to tell me that the person was dead. A living body couldn’t have produced so much blood. A living body wouldn’t be lying in that unnatural position, the head lolling sideways, with part of it blown away.
I didn’t want to take another look at that obscene object lying on the doorstep. I wanted to close the door, phone the police, and let them deal with it. I wanted that bloody bundle of lumpy flesh dealt with and I didn’t want to do it myself. I retreated, bumping into Sanomi who peered past me, gasped, and said, ‘It’s Nozam!’
Against my instincts, I had to take another look. She was right. It was Nozam. It was a very dead Nozam with part of his face blown away, but it was still recognizably Nozam.
I pushed Sanomi backwards and closed the door. I wanted to retch. My skin was prickly and flushed and my head was pounding. I leaned against the door and said, ‘Don’t touch it.’
‘We must do something!’
‘He’s dead! We can’t do anything about that.’
‘We can’t just leave him lying there.’
‘Sanomi, listen to me! I’m telling you, don’t touch him! Whatever you do, don’t go near him and don’t touch him.’
Sanomi was leaning against the wall next to me, looking as drained and as shocked as I felt. Her face was a pasty grey colour. She bit her lip and swallowed, trying to stop herself from gagging. In a strangled voice, she muttered, ‘Yes. You’re right.’
I said, ‘It’s a plant. They want us to be implicated. That’s why we have to keep away from it.’
I phoned the police and they came within about ten minutes, which was unusually fast for them. They took statements and fussed around the body while a policeman in plain clothes introduced himself as Detective Zunakili. He pointed at the body and said, ‘I recognize him. He is a big man, that one.’
I said, ‘Yes. He used to be the Minister of Economic Affairs.’
Detective Zunakili nodded in satisfaction. ‘Ho! A used-to-be minister in the government! But now he is something in the KNF, I think?’
‘Yes. He’s a deputy secretary of the KNF.’
He whistled. ‘Ah, yes. I knew that he was big in politics. But not so big as he was, not so? First he was minister, next he was deputy secretary of the KNF, and now he is dead.’ He rubbed his hands together as if he was happy to have a big man to deal with at last instead of petty unknowns. He turned and gave instructions to the photographer. Then he asked me, ‘So, mister, you know the diseased?’
‘Yes. I know him.’
‘You know him a long time?’
‘I’ve known him from when we were children.’
‘From when you were children, hey? And now he is lying dead by your house? Right by your house?’
Sanomi said, ‘He’s lying outside the house.’ She stepped forward to face Detective Zunakili, hands on hips.
‘Madam, that is true. But howsoever the body is lying, inside or outside, it is very suspicious. We will investigate. We will be leaving no twig unturned.’
Sanomi responded sharply, saying, ‘Yes, please make a thorough investigation! Make it very thorough! We want to know what’s going on.’
Detective Zunakili said in a highly offended tone, ‘Madam, we are professionals. We will be going into this crime with a fine toothpick.’
I tried to calm things down by stepping in front of Sanomi and saying, ‘Detective Zunakili, if you need assistance, don’t hesitate to ask us. We’ll be available at any time.’
‘Thank you, sir. We like co-operation. Yes, co-operation is better for all concerned.’ He looked narrowly at Sanomi and said, ‘It is no good, to be difficult. We will flush the truth out of the woodwork, anyway. That is why co-operation is best.’ Detective Zunakili stepped back, rubbed his chin, looked at me closely and said, ‘I think that I know you, sir.’
‘Maybe. But I don’t think that we’ve met before.’
‘Perhaps you are an important somebody, sir? Maybe that is how I know you?’
‘I’m the editor of the ‘Fort Marnay Messenger.’ Perhaps that’s why you recognize me.’
He looked at me closely and put up a finger. ‘Yes! Now I see you. You are also the writer of the column that is called ‘Don’t Shoot the Messenger’, not so? Yes, that is a very good column. I am reading it every weekend for sure.’ He shook my hand, leaned forward conspiratorially, and said in a low voice, ‘I say it is good for democracy that we have newspapers like yours. Some people say that the newspapers are disloyal, but me –ho, I know what democracy is. I know that we are living in modern times. We are not living in the bush like ignorant people. Human rights, freedom of speech – yes, for sure, we are living in modern times.’ He shook my hand again. ‘Mister don’t-shoot-the-messenger, it is good to meet you. Ho, yes, for sure.’
We watched as two policemen hefted the body onto a stretcher and covered it with a grubby sheet. As the body was being put into the police van, Detective Zunakili sighed resignedly. ‘There will be an inquest. That is plenty trouble – papers, reports, too much what-what. With such a big man you must always be certain, not so?’ Then, just before he got into his car, he said, ‘By the way, sir and madam, something is very funny.’
Sanomi asked, ‘What’s funny? What do you mean?’
Detective Zunakili pursed his lips and pointed at the path, ‘The blood is going all the way from the street to the front door. You see the trail – it is starting there, not so, and then it is going up the path, all the way to your door. Ho, yes, that is funny.’
‘Funny? I would think it would be obvious.’
‘Obvious, madam? How so?’
‘Yes, of course. Someone drove up, unloaded the body, and dragged it up to our door.’
‘Of course, madam, that is what we are supposed to think, not so? But we will be making up our own mind. We can smell a rotten herring, if there is one to smell.’
‘You don’t think–?’
‘We will investigate, madam. We will think nothing until we have investigated the matter. We must not jump from the horse to the cart. Investigation is our job, not so?’ He nodded, got into his car, and started the engine. Then he leaned out and said, ‘It is a good story for the ‘Fort Marnay Messenger’, I think? Do not forget that my name is Detective Zunakili. Here is my business card. You should write in you newspaper that I am in charge of investigating the case.’ He drove off.
He was right. It was a good story. I phoned my duty sub-editor and told her to send someone around immediately. Then I made a pot of strong coffee. Sanomi wanted to wash the blood-stains off the path but I said, ‘No, I want them to be photographed by someone who we can trust. We can wash them off later.’
She poured a mug of coffee, sat down shakily, and said, ‘It’s horrible!’ She shivered and repeated, ‘Horrible!’ There was nothing that I could say. I just nodded. Sanomi stirred her coffee, took a sip and put it down, added more sugar, and stirred again, vigorously. Then she said, ‘It’s been planted. Why?’
I didn’t have an answer.
Within a few minutes, Nenkoseni arrived. I sighed inwardly. At least he seemed to be sober. Ever since I gave him a job as a reporter some years ago, he had been an embarrassment. When he approached me to ask for work, he was desperate, having been fired from two jobs in as many years. After independence, he worked as an under-secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. But his drinking habit escalated to the point where it became too much even for the civil service and he was allowed to resign his position, to save face. Next, he managed a motor dealership. Predictably, he was drunk so often that the staff defrauded the business to the point where it went bankrupt.
I offered him a job as a reporter only after he assured me that he had given up drinking. At first things went well enough, but after a few months it became obvious that his drinking had only gone underground, so to speak. Unfortunately it didn’t stay there and the problem began to intrude more and more on his work. Now it had reached the stage where only my goodwill stood between him and dismissal.
For old time’s sake, I was willing to walk the extra mile for Nenkoseni. But right now it felt as if I had walked ten extra miles for him. What Nenkoseni didn’t seem to recognize was that I couldn’t protect him any longer if he turned up for duty drunk again. It was a showdown that I wanted to avoid.
‘Greetings, comrade. Where’s the body?’
‘Good morning, Nenkoseni. The police took it way about ten minutes ago.’
‘Nozam hey?’ Nenkoseni whistled. ‘Man, I wonder which one of his enemies finally did him in.’ He fitted a lens to his camera, looked up and down the path, and whistled again. ‘Nozam! I feel like I should be surprised or shocked. I feel like I should be saying, “Oh, how terrible!” But deep down, I knew that it was only a matter of time before something like this happened to him.’ He looked at us. ‘I guess you two felt the same, hey?’I nodded.
I walked down the path with him, saying, ‘Nenkoseni, I’d like you to photograph the bloodstains. I want someone besides the police to do it.’
‘Okay, chief, no problem.’ Nenkoseni began taking photographs, whistling tunelessly as he worked. At the kerbside, he stopped, looked around, and said, ‘Who would have thought that the old man had so much blood in him?’
‘What’s that?’
‘It’s a line from “Macbeth”. I think I got it right – well, more or less, anyway.’ Nenkoseni took out a notebook and asked, ‘Shall I interview you, chief?’
 ‘No, not right now.’
He looked disappointed. ‘Come on, chief, no time like the present, hey?’
 ‘Not right now, Nenkoseni. I’ve got to get ready for work.’
‘This is a big story. Let me do it, man.’
‘Look, Nenkoseni, it’s a big story all right. But my part in it is just a footnote. You won’t even get a by-line for it.’
‘Come on, chief, give me a break.’ For old time’s sake,I relented and said, ‘Okay. But make it fast. And make sure that you co-ordinate your story with whatever else is written about it today.’
As Nenkoseni was leaving, he said, ‘You know, comrade, I wonder who would want to plant the body here. Find that person and you will probably find the murderer as well.’
‘That’s just the question I’ve been asking myself ever since I opened the door this morning.’
Nenkoseni screwed up his face in thought. ‘Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?’
‘Is it?’
‘Sure, comrade. It’s got to be someone who is your enemy and Nozam’s enemy, at one and the same time.’ I couldn’t help grinning at the seriousness with which Nenkoseni belabored the obvious. 
I said, ‘I’ll tell you what, Nenkoseni – you find that person, and I’ll give you the biggest by-line the newspaper ever had.’
It was a busy day. I was interview by my own newspaper as well as by journalists from other papers. The KBC sent a reporter and cameraman to interview me, but in a satisfying display of tit for tat I refused to speak to them. Then Nenkoseni came in with the photographs. Friends and acquaintances phoned to express their sympathy and concern. Apart from all of that, work had to go on as normal.
When Detective Zunakili paid me a visit during the afternoon, I made a statement, read though what he had written, and signed it. He put it into his briefcase, snapped the lock shut, and said, ‘We found the weapon.’
‘The weapon?’
‘Yes. The gun that was used to shoot the diseased.’
‘Where did you find it?’
Detective Zunakili looked at me oddly. ‘We found it under the kitchen window.’
‘Oh? Which kitchen?’’
Under your kitchen window, sir. You are surprised?’
‘Of course I’m surprised. I wonder how it got there?’
Detective Zunakili chewed on his bottom lip before he said, ‘The kitchen window was open, sir.’
‘Yes? What about it?’
‘Maybe the gun was thrown out of the kitchen, sir?’
‘No. That’s impossible. There were only two of us in the house, and neither of us has a gun. Anyway, so what if the window was open? That doesn’t mean that someone from outside couldn’t leave the gun there.’
‘Yes, sir, that is a possibility.’ We sat there in silence while Detective Zunakili scribbled in his notebook. The he asked, ‘Are you always sleeping with the kitchen window open, sir?’
‘No, I usually close it at night. But, you know, maybe last night I forgot. I don’t remember.’
He scribbled in his notebook. Then he looked at me quizzically, tapping his pen against his forehead as if I was being weighed up against a number of unknown possibilities. 
I broke the silence by asking, ‘What about fingerprints?’
 ‘No good, sir, no good. Someone rubbed the gun with a cloth. They rubbed it good and well. There are no fingerprints.’
‘Did you look for fingerprints on the window?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Why not?’
‘Why should we?’
‘If someone opened the window, their prints could be there. That could be a useful pointer, couldn’t it?’
He pursed his lips and said, ‘We will think about it.’ For the record, they never did look for fingerprints on and around the window. After more scribbling, he asked, ‘You have a firearm, sir?’
’No, detective. I don’t. I already told you that.’
He scratched his nose again. ‘Yes. That is so. We have checked our records. You do not have a license to own a firearm. But sometimes people are naughty. They are not always obeying the law, not so?’ He waved a hand in a gesture that suggested many possibilities.
‘Detective, you mean do I have an illegal firearm? The answer is that I don’t.’
Detective Zunakili scribbled in his notebook again. Then he asked, ‘You know how to handle a firearm, sir?’
‘Yes. I did military training when I was in exile.’
‘So you could have fired the rifle, sir?’
‘Yes. But so could hundreds of thousands of other people.’
‘But the point is, sir, you could have shot the diseased?’
‘Dam it, detective, you know as well as I do that the country is flooded with illegal firearms. You can go into any market place and within a few minutes you’ll find someone to sell you a semi-automatic for two or three hundred dollars, if not even less.’

‘Ho! How did you know it was a semi-automatic, sir?’
‘I didn’t. I was just using it as an example. Man, detective, don’t go looking for clues where they don’t exist!’
‘And how did you know it was an illegal firearm?’
‘A murderer wouldn’t leave a registered firearm lying around. It’s obvious!’
‘Oh, sir, please, do not be so annoyed. I am only doing my job.’ Detective Zunakili got up and shook my hand. ‘Thank you for your co-operation, sir.’ He sighed heavily. ‘This case is a storm on a sticky wicket. We will have to be on our tip-top toes to make progress.’ He picked up his briefcase and said, ‘We will keep in contact.’
At the door, I said, ‘Detective, you probably know that we weren’t on the best of terms.’
‘You and the diseased, sir?’
‘Yes. We were at loggerheads. In fact, Nozam was threatening to sue the newspaper and me.’
‘Ho, yes, we know all about that.’ He gave me a knowing glance. ‘We have our resources of information, sir.’
The next morning, Detective Zunakili arrested me on the charge of murdering Nozam. He was uneasy and apologetic. ‘I am sorry, sir, that I have to arrest you. You will come with no trouble, I hope?’
‘Do you have enough evidence to support the charge, detective?’
He looked even more uneasy as he replied, ‘I am acting under instructions, sir. You will hear the evidence in good time.’
Although I expected to be harassed, the officers at the police station treated me well enough. They put me in a cell on my own, even although the other cells were overcrowded. Perhaps the authorities didn’t want the media to carry disparaging stories about conditions in the cells and about violations of the rights of people awaiting trial. I thought, with grim satisfaction, that they were right to be cautious. By now my colleagues would have circulated the story to international press agencies, as well as to media rights watch organizations worldwide.
The door at the end of the corridor banged and I heard the familiar sound of a squeaking cart and a familiar voice saying ‘Hey! You want food, hey? Stop shoving! You better behave yourself or you won’t get any food. You think I care if you stay hungry? Heh!’
The owner of the voice appeared before my cell. Sure enough it was Ngezi. He was older, more wrinkled, and more stooped but I recognized him at once. He took a plate off the cart and began to ladle what looked like gristly gruel into it while he muttered, ‘Complaints, complaints – they think this is a hotel. They think I am the chief waiter. Heh! Complaints, complaints!’
I said ‘Ngezi! Is that you?’
He stopped muttering and looked up. ‘You know me?’
‘I’m Kerem. You remember –?’
‘Heh! Is that you?’He put his face up against the bars and peered short-sightedly. Then he exclaimed, ‘The son of Lukile and Budi, from Totudi? Is that you?’’
‘Yes, it’s me.’
‘Heh! You are in the cells again? What for? The cells are not a place for a decent boy like you.’
‘Well, here I am again, and I still don’t have a mattress.’
‘A mattress? I am sorry. I tell you the truth. There are no mattresses anywhere.’ He moved away, then stopped and said scornfully, ‘They are all stolen or broken. There are no mattresses for the cells in independent Keretani. No mattresses! Plenty Mercedes-Benzes for some people, but no mattresses!’ He shook his head morosely while I told him why I was there. He sighed. ‘Well, it is bad that your parents are dead. They were good people. But it is good that they are not alive to worry about a son who is in the cells again.’
When I asked him how things were at home, he told me that he was still living with the same woman. ‘She is very sick – cough, cough, all the time. She was at the clinic twice, but for what? They give you three aspirins and they tell you, come back next week.’ He said that her sons had left the house, to live on their own: ‘They give us nothing. That is what men are like in Fort Marnay. They are only good to make babies, beat up the women, and then – poof! – they are gone.’ However, he said, his wife’s daughter still lived at home. She had a job as a cleaner at a fish factory and contributed to the household income. ‘Other people only want sons. Heh! For what? Me, I will have daughters every time. They are better people.’
Ngezi served me a plate of the miserable gruel together with a hunk of bread. He looked around the cell approvingly and remarked, ‘You are on your own. That is lucky for you.’
‘I suppose that they don’t want me to have contact with other people – or perhaps they want to keep me out of harm’s way.’
Ngezi scratched his crotch and muttered, ‘Who can know why they do something?’ He shook my hand and said, ‘Next time I will try to bring you more bread. You are from the highlands. We must help each other.’
As he locked the door, I said, ‘Hey, Ngezi, are you sure you can’t get a mattress for this cell.’
He jerked his thumb down the corridor and said mournfully, ‘Like I say, there is no mattress anywhere. All the cells, they don’t have mattresses.’
I was allowed out on bail after two days. My lawyer was Joseph Lungange, who was now a member of the firm Schmidt, Conrad, Lungange and Partners. The ‘Fort Marnay Messenger’ used his services, so we knew each other well. He told me that the police didn’t have a case. In his opinion, the charges were spurious and wouldn’t stand up to scrutiny in court, if they ever got that far. He said, ‘This is just harassment.’
‘Who’s behind it?’
He shrugged, ‘It’s a political move, for sure. It gets you and the newspaper adverse publicity and wastes your time. It might also make you think twice about some of the stories that you run. That’s all that they want to achieve.’
He was right. Dates for the hearing were set three times during the next twelve months and then the matter was dropped. The ‘Fort Marnay Messenger’ ran the story on every occasion, together with the ‘No comment’ responses from the Prosecutor General. I reckon that we came out on the high ground by some distance.
Who killed Nozam, and why? A few months later, Nenkoseni got some clues about the matter when he picked up a prostitute while he was drinking in a shebeen. That night, after more drinking and services rendered, she asked Nenkoseni where he worked. When he told her, she recalled the stories that we had been running about Nozam and said that she had heard some of her fellow prostitutes talking about how Nozam’s body had been seen late at night lying in a ditch on the outskirts of town. Later, someone saw a police van pick up the body and drive off.
I asked, ‘Is she sure that it was Nozam?’
Nenkoseni shrugged. ‘That’s what they told her, comrade.’
‘But how could they be sure? Lying in a ditch in the dark – it could have been anybody.’
‘Maybe, maybe! But a lot of prostitutes knew Nozam.’ I raised my eyebrows and Nenkoseni nodded. ‘For sure, a lot of them knew Nozam. In fact, comrade, this lady told me that she wouldn’t be surprised if that’s why he got done in.’
‘How come?’
‘Nozam used to beat up the ladies. I hear that he had to pay extra for their services – kind of danger pay, if you follow me.’
‘You mean, perhaps he went too far, once to often? You think that’s why he was killed?’
‘It’s very possible. Fact is, the bosses don’t like it when their ladies get beaten up. A bit of slapping around is all right, but I hear that Nozam went in for the heavy stuff. No one likes damaged goods. So, yes, maybe that’s why Nozam got done in.’ Nenkoseni looked at his notebook and continued, ‘I also heard that one of the ladies was killed the same night. She was someone who Nozam used to go with. They tell me that she catered to his specialties. Her body was dumped about five kilometers from where Nozam was found. What’s the connection? Is there a connection? I don’t know, comrade, I don’t know. Maybe there’s a connection, maybe not. Who knows?’
I said, ‘So now we have two theories about why Nozam was killed. One is that Nozam was a political embarrassment, that he knew too much, and that he was too greedy. The other is your theory, that a pimp did him in.’
Nenkoseni shrugged. ‘It’s not my theory, comrade. It’s what the lady told me. Anyway, maybe it’s not two theories. It might all be one cause.’
‘You mean –?
‘I mean, suppose that some politicians want to get rid of Nozam. They instruct somebody in security to do the job. He does it while Nozam if off guard, so to speak. Then he eliminates the witness and dumps the bodies where it looks as if they were murdered separately in unsavory neighborhoods. Then someone phones the police to pick up Nozam’s body.’
‘And who planted the body on our doorstep?’
Nenkoseni shrugged and grinned cynically. ‘Well, chief, I can give you the names of fifty people who could have arranged that, and wanted to embarrass you, not so?’
That was the closest that I ever got to finding out how or why Nozam died.
Surprisingly, Sanomi benefited from Nozam’s death. He must have forgotten to change his will after the divorce, so Sanomi inherited Nozam’s Mercedes Benz car – the one that he was allowed to buy at a preferential price when he was dumped as a cabinet minister – as well as his heavily mortgaged house. Besides that, there wasn’t much in the estate. There were some pieces of jewellery, and a few hundred dollars in his bank account. Either Nozam had been living beyond his means, or his position in the party apparatus didn’t pay very well.
When I told Nenkoseni about Nozam’s comparatively meager estate, he just wrinkled his nose sceptically and said, ‘The ladies always cost plenty – especially when you have to pay them danger money.’ Then he put a finger to his nose and said knowingly, ‘But that wasn’t all the money that Nozam had, you can be sure of threat.’
‘No? Where is it, then?’
‘Come on, comrade, think a bit. Nozam was into plenty of deals, especially when he was a cabinet minister. Besides, he was a director of his father’s motor dealership for Wiloporte vehicles. That alone must have brought in a good amount of money.’
‘You reckon that –?’
‘Of course. But where is it?’Nenkoseni shrugged. ‘On the one hand, maybe that’s why he was killed.’
‘Man, Nenkoseni, not another theory about why he was killed!’
Nenkoseni grinned and shrugged again. ‘Well, chief, who knows? Maybe someone got the information out of him, foreign bank account details or whatever, and then killed him. That would be the African way, eh? On the other hand, maybe it had nothing to do with that. Maybe he did beat up on the ladies once too often, and that was that. Maybe the security people were involved. Maybe, maybe – who knows? Anyway, comrade, one thing is for sure, and that is that neither you nor Sanomi – nor anyone else that you know – is ever going to see that money.’
Sanomi’s only comment on her unexpected inheritance was, ‘Well, at least I got something out of being married to Nozam.’ In fact she didn’t keep any of it. She sold the car and the house, and gave everything to the Women’s Rights Centre as a contribution to fund that supported battered wives.
Looking at the press cuttings in our archives, I had to wonder how the early promise faded and became so soiled. I knew Nozam about as well an anyone did when he was young – as well as anyone outside his family, anyway – and I only had the smallest insights into the influences and currents that had seeped through the labyrinth of Nozam’s life.
I also had another persistent thought, namely that Nozam’s body just happened to wash up the beach ahead of all the unsavory flotsam that was being carried on the dirty, rising tide.
Arbuthnoir visited Keretani about six months later. Two hours after he arrived in Fort Marnay, as he was walking from the taxi to the door of the hotel, he had a heart attack. While the taxi driver was looking for assistance, someone stole Arbuthnoir’s wallet and shoes. Someone else almost got away with Arbuthnoir’s jacket, but he ran away when the taxi driver arrived with assistance. If Arbuthnoir had lived long enough, he would probably have made a wry comment about the incidents.
Sanomi and I managed to speak to Arbuthnoir when he recovered consciousness even although he was washed-out and weak, just a crumpled parody of this old self. He held our hands and told us that he wanted to be buried in Totudi, next to my parents. His voice was indistinct and he mumbled out of a corner of his mouth, so it took him a lot of effort just to get that simple message across to us. Then he began to fade and the nurses rushed in with screens and life-support apparatus. Soon after that, he died.
The funeral was a huge affair, attended by hundreds of people from Totudi and the neighboring villages as well as by people from all over the country. Even a few senior politicians attended. I guess that Arbuthnoir’s stature and contribution to Keretani temporarily outweighed the later suspicions and differences of opinion.
After the funeral, Sanomi and I climbed the hill called ‘The Watchers’. We stood there quietly, watching the evening light seep over the hillside and over the village. It was early winter and the mountain air was getting chilly. Sanomi shivered and moved closer to me. We held each other close.
Sanomi said, ‘It’s true what they say – you can’t ever go home again. It will never be the same.’ I said nothing. She spoke for both of us. All I could offer by way of response was to hold her even closer. Sanomi put her hand to my chest and touched the bulge under my sweater. She asked, ‘What’s this?’
I said, ‘It’s my father’s magnifying glass. I got it from the compound yesterday. My great-aunt gave it to me.’
‘Did you wear it to the funeral?’
‘Yes. I thought that Arbuthnoir would have liked it – my father, too.’
Sanomi smiled gravely. ‘They were always arguing about it, weren’t they?’
I nodded. She turned around and leaned back against me, her head nuzzling my shoulder. We stood there quietly, immersed in memories, lost in the scene below and silenced by the mellowing sweep of the sky.
After a while, Sanomi asked quietly, ‘Did you hear what Arbuthnoir said just before he died?’
‘You mean, what he said about Totudi?’ She nodded. I said, ‘Yes. I heard what he said. He was right. Totudi was the best of times.’

THE END

Dear reader: If you enjoyed this book, please review it. Writers like to know what their readers think. 

Also, please read and review the following books by Brian H. Jones -- 
'Around Rakaposhi' at http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/16164
'A Mixture of Metals' at http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/15666 
and 'The Blood-stained Belt' at: http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/15753
as well as 'Dangerous Journey' by Marie Harlech-Jones at http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/16705 and ‘Sixteen Thousand and One Nights’by Barry Norman at http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/24588

Also follow the links on those sites to Lulu.com for paperback copies.


