delirifacient
trist black
smashwords edition
copyright 2012 trist black



delirifacient, entombed

 trist black


translated from the French by the author


and i dont even write shit down, this whole book is a freestyle


‘Brandon, only 17, died on October 3, 2008. Ronaldo sent his  
autographed boots, framed jersey and a text message with his condolences.   
But in his text it was this message that moved Brandon’s family  
the most. It said, “true champions are those who fight till their  
last breath, and that is the image I have of Brandon."
I returned to Toronto to attend Brandon’s wake and funeral. All of  
Ronaldo’s items were wrapped around the casket. It was amazing.
In February I returned to Toronto again to do a goalkeeper seminar. Brandon’s 
father asked me to go for a ride. We went to Brandon’s mausoleum. I was  
stunned by what I saw - Cristiano Ronaldo’s bronzed jersey and  
boots.  Beneath them were engraved the words from Ronaldo's text  
message.
The last thing I mentioned to Ronaldo was that Brandon had kept a  
daily diary. On the last page it read, "I spoke to Ronaldo, I can now  
go to heaven."
That is the truth behind Cristiano Ronaldo.’


CHAPTER I


On an exceptionally hot evening early in July a young man came out of the garret in which he lodged in S. Place and walked slowly, as though in hesitation, towards K. bridge.
He had successfully avoided meeting his landlady on the staircase. His garret was under the roof of a high, five-storied house and was more like a cupboard than a room. The landlady who provided him with garret, dinners, and attendance, lived on the floor below, and every time he went out he was obliged to pass her kitchen, the door of which invariably stood open. And each time he passed, the young man had a sick, frightened feeling, which made him scowl and feel ashamed. He was hopelessly in debt to his landlady, and was afraid of meeting her.
This was not because he was cowardly and abject, quite the contrary; but for some time past he had been in an overstrained irritable condition, verging on hypochondria. He had become so completely absorbed in himself, and isolated from his fellows that he dreaded meeting, not only his landlady, but anyone at all. He was crushed by poverty, but the anxieties of his position had of late ceased to weigh upon him. He had given up attending to matters of practical importance; he had lost all desire to do so. Nothing that any landlady could do had a real terror for him. But to be stopped on the stairs, to be forced to listen to her trivial, irrelevant gossip, to pestering demands for payment, threats and complaints, and to rack his brains for excuses, to prevaricate, to lie—no, rather than that, he would creep down the stairs like a cat and slip out unseen.
This evening, however, on coming out into the street, he became acutely aware of his fears.
"I want to attempt a thing like that and am frightened by these trifles," he thought, with an odd smile. "Hm... yes, all is in a man's hands and he lets it all slip from cowardice, that's an axiom. It would be interesting to know what it is men are most afraid of. Taking a new step, uttering a new word is what they fear most.... But I am talking too much. It's because I chatter that I do nothing. Or perhaps it is that I chatter because I do nothing. I've learned to chatter this last month, lying for days together in my den thinking... of Jack the Giant-killer. Why am I going there now? Am I capable of that? Is that serious? It is not serious at all. It's simply a fantasy to amuse myself; a plaything! Yes, maybe it is a plaything."
The heat in the street was terrible: and the airlessness, the bustle and the plaster, scaffolding, bricks, and dust all about him, and that special Petersburg stench, so familiar to all who are unable to get out of town in summer—all worked painfully upon the young man's already overwrought nerves. The insufferable stench from the pot-houses, which are particularly numerous in that part of the town, and the drunken men whom he met continually, although it was a working day, completed the revolting misery of the picture. An expression of the profoundest disgust gleamed for a moment in the young man's refined face. He was, by the way, exceptionally handsome, above the average in height, slim, well-built, with beautiful dark eyes and dark brown hair. Soon he sank into deep thought, or more accurately speaking into a complete blankness of mind; he walked along not observing what was about him and not caring to observe it. From time to time, he would mutter something, from the habit of talking to himself, to which he had just confessed. At these moments he would become conscious that his ideas were sometimes in a tangle and that he was very weak; for two days he had scarcely tasted food.
He was so badly dressed that even a man accustomed to shabbiness would have been ashamed to be seen in the street in such rags. In that quarter of the town, however, scarcely any shortcoming in dress would have created surprise. Owing to the proximity of the Hay Market, the number of establishments of bad character, the preponderance of the trading and working class population crowded in these streets and alleys in the heart of Petersburg, types so various were to be seen in the streets that no figure, however queer, would have caused surprise. But there was such accumulated bitterness and contempt in the young man's heart, that, in spite of all the fastidiousness of youth, he minded his rags least of all in the street. It was a different matter when he met with acquaintances or with former fellow students, whom, indeed, he disliked meeting at any time. And yet when a drunken man who, for some unknown reason, was being taken somewhere in a huge waggon dragged by a heavy dray horse, suddenly shouted at him as he drove past: "Hey there, German hatter" bawling at the top of his voice and pointing at him—the young man stopped suddenly and clutched tremulously at his hat. It was a tall round hat from Zimmerman's, but completely worn out, rusty with age, all torn and bespattered, brimless and bent on one side in a most unseemly fashion. Not shame, however, but quite another feeling akin to terror had overtaken him.
"I knew it," he muttered in confusion, "I thought so! That's the worst of all! Why, a stupid thing like this, the most trivial detail might spoil the whole plan. Yes, my hat is too noticeable.... It looks absurd and that makes it noticeable.... With my rags I ought to wear a cap, any sort of old pancake, but not this grotesque thing. Nobody wears such a hat, it would be noticed a mile off, it would be remembered.... What matters is that people would remember it, and that would give them a clue. For this business one should be as little conspicuous as possible.... Trifles, trifles are what matter! Why, it's just such trifles that always ruin everything...."
He had not far to go; he knew indeed how many steps it was from the gate of his lodging house: exactly seven hundred and thirty. He had counted them once when he had been lost in dreams. At the time he had put no faith in those dreams and was only tantalising himself by their hideous but daring recklessness. Now, a month later, he had begun to look upon them differently, and, in spite of the monologues in which he jeered at his own impotence and indecision, he had involuntarily come to regard this "hideous" dream as an exploit to be attempted, although he still did not realise this himself. He was positively going now for a "rehearsal" of his project, and at every step his excitement grew more and more violent.
With a sinking heart and a nervous tremor, he went up to a huge house which on one side looked on to the canal, and on the other into the street. This house was let out in tiny tenements and was inhabited by working people of all kinds—tailors, locksmiths, cooks, Germans of sorts, girls picking up a living as best they could, petty clerks, etc. There was a continual coming and going through the two gates and in the two courtyards of the house. Three or four door-keepers were employed on the building. The young man was very glad to meet none of them, and at once slipped unnoticed through the door on the right, and up the staircase. It was a back staircase, dark and narrow, but he was familiar with it already, and knew his way, and he liked all these surroundings: in such darkness even the most inquisitive eyes were not to be dreaded.
"If I am so scared now, what would it be if it somehow came to pass that I were really going to do it?" he could not help asking himself as he reached the fourth storey. There his progress was barred by some porters who were engaged in moving furniture out of a flat. He knew that the flat had been occupied by a German clerk in the civil service, and his family. This German was moving out then, and so the fourth floor on this staircase would be untenanted except by the old woman. "That's a good thing anyway," he thought to himself, as he rang the bell of the old woman's flat. The bell gave a faint tinkle as though it were made of tin and not of copper. The little flats in such houses always have bells that ring like that. He had forgotten the note of that bell, and now its peculiar tinkle seemed to remind him of something and to bring it clearly before him.... He started, his nerves were terribly overstrained by now. In a little while, the door was opened a tiny crack: the old woman eyed her visitor with evident distrust through the crack, and nothing could be seen but her little eyes, glittering in the darkness. But, seeing a number of people on the landing, she grew bolder, and opened the door wide. The young man stepped into the dark entry, which was partitioned off from the tiny kitchen. The old woman stood facing him in silence and looking inquiringly at him. She was a diminutive, withered up old woman of sixty, with sharp malignant eyes and a sharp little nose. Her colourless, somewhat grizzled hair was thickly smeared with oil, and she wore no kerchief over it. Round her thin long neck, which looked like a hen's leg, was knotted some sort of flannel rag, and, in spite of the heat, there hung flapping on her shoulders, a mangy fur cape, yellow with age. The old woman coughed and groaned at every instant. The young man must have looked at her with a rather peculiar expression, for a gleam of mistrust came into her eyes again.
"Raskolnikov, a student, I came here a month ago," the young man made haste to mutter, with a half bow, remembering that he ought to be more polite.
"I remember, my good sir, I remember quite well your coming here," the old woman said distinctly, still keeping her inquiring eyes on his face.
"And here... I am again on the same errand," Raskolnikov continued, a little disconcerted and surprised at the old woman's mistrust. "Perhaps she is always like that though, only I did not notice it the other time," he thought with an uneasy feeling.
The old woman paused, as though hesitating; then stepped on one side, and pointing to the door of the room, she said, letting her visitor pass in front of her:
"Step in, my good sir."
The little room into which the young man walked, with yellow paper on the walls, geraniums and muslin curtains in the windows, was brightly lighted up at that moment by the setting sun.
"So the sun will shine like this then too!" flashed as it were by chance through Raskolnikov's mind, and with a rapid glance he scanned everything in the room, trying as far as possible to notice and remember its arrangement. But there was nothing special in the room. The furniture, all very old and of yellow wood, consisted of a sofa with a huge bent wooden back, an oval table in front of the sofa, a dressing-table with a looking-glass fixed on it between the windows, chairs along the walls and two or three half-penny prints in yellow frames, representing German damsels with birds in their hands—that was all. In the corner a light was burning before a small ikon. Everything was very clean; the floor and the furniture were brightly polished; everything shone.
"Lizaveta's work," thought the young man. There was not a speck of dust to be seen in the whole flat.
"It's in the houses of spiteful old widows that one finds such cleanliness," Raskolnikov thought again, and he stole a curious glance at the cotton curtain over the door leading into another tiny room, in which stood the old woman's bed and chest of drawers and into which he had never looked before. These two rooms made up the whole flat.
"What do you want?" the old woman said severely, coming into the room and, as before, standing in front of him so as to look him straight in the face.
"I've brought something to pawn here," and he drew out of his pocket an old-fashioned flat silver watch, on the back of which was engraved a globe; the chain was of steel.
"But the time is up for your last pledge. The month was up the day before yesterday."
"I will bring you the interest for another month; wait a little."
"But that's for me to do as I please, my good sir, to wait or to sell your pledge at once."
"How much will you give me for the watch, Alyona Ivanovna?"
"You come with such trifles, my good sir, it's scarcely worth anything. I gave you two roubles last time for your ring and one could buy it quite new at a jeweler's for a rouble and a half."
"Give me four roubles for it, I shall redeem it, it was my father's. I shall be getting some money soon."
"A rouble and a half, and interest in advance, if you like!"
"A rouble and a half!" cried the young man.
"Please yourself"—and the old woman handed him back the watch. The young man took it, and was so angry that he was on the point of going away; but checked himself at once, remembering that there was nowhere else he could go, and that he had had another object also in coming.
"Hand it over," he said roughly.
The old woman fumbled in her pocket for her keys, and disappeared behind the curtain into the other room. The young man, left standing alone in the middle of the room, listened inquisitively, thinking. He could hear her unlocking the chest of drawers.
"It must be the top drawer," he reflected. "So she carries the keys in a pocket on the right. All in one bunch on a steel ring.... And there's one key there, three times as big as all the others, with deep notches; that can't be the key of the chest of drawers... then there must be some other chest or strong-box... that's worth knowing. Strong-boxes always have keys like that... but how degrading it all is."
The old woman came back.
"Here, sir: as we say ten copecks the rouble a month, so I must take fifteen copecks from a rouble and a half for the month in advance. But for the two roubles I lent you before, you owe me now twenty copecks on the same reckoning in advance. That makes thirty-five copecks altogether. So I must give you a rouble and fifteen copecks for the watch. Here it is."
"What! only a rouble and fifteen copecks now!"
"Just so."
The young man did not dispute it and took the money. He looked at the old woman, and was in no hurry to get away, as though there was still something he wanted to say or to do, but he did not himself quite know what.
"I may be bringing you something else in a day or two, Alyona Ivanovna—a valuable thing—silver—a cigarette-box, as soon as I get it back from a friend..." he broke off in confusion.
"Well, we will talk about it then, sir."
"Good-bye—are you always at home alone, your sister is not here with you?" He asked her as casually as possible as he went out into the passage.
"What business is she of yours, my good sir?"
"Oh, nothing particular, I simply asked. You are too quick.... Good-day, Alyona Ivanovna."
Raskolnikov went out in complete confusion. This confusion became more and more intense. As he went down the stairs, he even stopped short, two or three times, as though suddenly struck by some thought. When he was in the street he cried out, "Oh, God, how loathsome it all is! and can I, can I possibly.... No, it's nonsense, it's rubbish!" he added resolutely. "And how could such an atrocious thing come into my head? What filthy things my heart is capable of. Yes, filthy above all, disgusting, loathsome, loathsome!—and for a whole month I've been...." But no words, no exclamations, could express his agitation. The feeling of intense repulsion, which had begun to oppress and torture his heart while he was on his way to the old woman, had by now reached such a pitch and had taken such a definite form that he did not know what to do with himself to escape from his wretchedness. He walked along the pavement like a drunken man, regardless of the passers-by, and jostling against them, and only came to his senses when he was in the next street. Looking round, he noticed that he was standing close to a tavern which was entered by steps leading from the pavement to the basement. At that instant two drunken men came out at the door, and abusing and supporting one another, they mounted the steps. Without stopping to think, Raskolnikov went down the steps at once. Till that moment he had never been into a tavern, but now he felt giddy and was tormented by a burning thirst. He longed for a drink of cold beer, and attributed his sudden weakness to the want of food. He sat down at a sticky little table in a dark and dirty corner; ordered some beer, and eagerly drank off the first glassful. At once he felt easier; and his thoughts became clear.
"All that's nonsense," he said hopefully, "and there is nothing in it all to worry about! It's simply physical derangement. Just a glass of beer, a piece of dry bread—and in one moment the brain is stronger, the mind is clearer and the will is firm! Phew, how utterly petty it all is!"
But in spite of this scornful reflection, he was by now looking cheerful as though he were suddenly set free from a terrible burden: and he gazed round in a friendly way at the people in the room. But even at that moment he had a dim foreboding that this happier frame of mind was also not normal.
There were few people at the time in the tavern. Besides the two drunken men he had met on the steps, a group consisting of about five men and a girl with a concertina had gone out at the same time. Their departure left the room quiet and rather empty. The persons still in the tavern were a man who appeared to be an artisan, drunk, but not extremely so, sitting before a pot of beer, and his companion, a huge, stout man with a grey beard, in a short full-skirted coat. He was very drunk: and had dropped asleep on the bench; every now and then, he began as though in his sleep, cracking his fingers, with his arms wide apart and the upper part of his body bounding about on the bench, while he hummed some meaningless refrain, trying to recall some such lines as these:
"His wife a year he fondly loved His wife a—a year he—fondly loved."
Or suddenly waking up again:
"Walking along the crowded row He met the one he used to know."
But no one shared his enjoyment: his silent companion looked with positive hostility and mistrust at all these manifestations. There was another man in the room who looked somewhat like a retired government clerk. He was sitting apart, now and then sipping from his pot and looking round at the company. He, too, appeared to be in some agitation.


CHAPTER II


Raskolnikov was not used to crowds, and, as we said before, he avoided society of every sort, more especially of late. But now all at once he felt a desire to be with other people. Something new seemed to be taking place within him, and with it he felt a sort of thirst for company. He was so weary after a whole month of concentrated wretchedness and gloomy excitement that he longed to rest, if only for a moment, in some other world, whatever it might be; and, in spite of the filthiness of the surroundings, he was glad now to stay in the tavern.
The master of the establishment was in another room, but he frequently came down some steps into the main room, his jaunty, tarred boots with red turn-over tops coming into view each time before the rest of his person. He wore a full coat and a horribly greasy black satin waistcoat, with no cravat, and his whole face seemed smeared with oil like an iron lock. At the counter stood a boy of about fourteen, and there was another boy somewhat younger who handed whatever was wanted. On the counter lay some sliced cucumber, some pieces of dried black bread, and some fish, chopped up small, all smelling very bad. It was insufferably close, and so heavy with the fumes of spirits that five minutes in such an atmosphere might well make a man drunk.
There are chance meetings with strangers that interest us from the first moment, before a word is spoken. Such was the impression made on Raskolnikov by the person sitting a little distance from him, who looked like a retired clerk. The young man often recalled this impression afterwards, and even ascribed it to presentiment. He looked repeatedly at the clerk, partly no doubt because the latter was staring persistently at him, obviously anxious to enter into conversation. At the other persons in the room, including the tavern-keeper, the clerk looked as though he were used to their company, and weary of it, showing a shade of condescending contempt for them as persons of station and culture inferior to his own, with whom it would be useless for him to converse. He was a man over fifty, bald and grizzled, of medium height, and stoutly built. His face, bloated from continual drinking, was of a yellow, even greenish, tinge, with swollen eyelids out of which keen reddish eyes gleamed like little chinks. But there was something very strange in him; there was a light in his eyes as though of intense feeling—perhaps there were even thought and intelligence, but at the same time there was a gleam of something like madness. He was wearing an old and hopelessly ragged black dress coat, with all its buttons missing except one, and that one he had buttoned, evidently clinging to this last trace of respectability. A crumpled shirt front, covered with spots and stains, protruded from his canvas waistcoat. Like a clerk, he wore no beard, nor moustache, but had been so long unshaven that his chin looked like a stiff greyish brush. And there was something respectable and like an official about his manner too. But he was restless; he ruffled up his hair and from time to time let his head drop into his hands dejectedly resting his ragged elbows on the stained and sticky table. At last he looked straight at Raskolnikov, and said loudly and resolutely:
"May I venture, honoured sir, to engage you in polite conversation? Forasmuch as, though your exterior would not command respect, my experience admonishes me that you are a man of education and not accustomed to drinking. I have always respected education when in conjunction with genuine sentiments, and I am besides a titular counsellor in rank. Marmeladov—such is my name; titular counsellor. I make bold to inquire—have you been in the service?"
"No, I am studying," answered the young man, somewhat surprised at the grandiloquent style of the speaker and also at being so directly addressed. In spite of the momentary desire he had just been feeling for company of any sort, on being actually spoken to he felt immediately his habitual irritable and uneasy aversion for any stranger who approached or attempted to approach him.
"A student then, or formerly a student," cried the clerk. "Just what I thought! I'm a man of experience, immense experience, sir," and he tapped his forehead with his fingers in self-approval. "You've been a student or have attended some learned institution!... But allow me...." He got up, staggered, took up his jug and glass, and sat down beside the young man, facing him a little sideways. He was drunk, but spoke fluently and boldly, only occasionally losing the thread of his sentences and drawling his words. He pounced upon Raskolnikov as greedily as though he too had not spoken to a soul for a month.
"Honoured sir," he began almost with solemnity, "poverty is not a vice, that's a true saying. Yet I know too that drunkenness is not a virtue, and that that's even truer. But beggary, honoured sir, beggary is a vice. In poverty you may still retain your innate nobility of soul, but in beggary—never—no one. For beggary a man is not chased out of human society with a stick, he is swept out with a broom, so as to make it as humiliating as possible; and quite right, too, forasmuch as in beggary I am ready to be the first to humiliate myself. Hence the pot-house! Honoured sir, a month ago Mr. Lebeziatnikov gave my wife a beating, and my wife is a very different matter from me! Do you understand? Allow me to ask you another question out of simple curiosity: have you ever spent a night on a hay barge, on the Neva?"
"No, I have not happened to," answered Raskolnikov. "What do you mean?"
"Well, I've just come from one and it's the fifth night I've slept so...." He filled his glass, emptied it and paused. Bits of hay were in fact clinging to his clothes and sticking to his hair. It seemed quite probable that he had not undressed or washed for the last five days. His hands, particularly, were filthy. They were fat and red, with black nails.
His conversation seemed to excite a general though languid interest. The boys at the counter fell to sniggering. The innkeeper came down from the upper room, apparently on purpose to listen to the "funny fellow" and sat down at a little distance, yawning lazily, but with dignity. Evidently Marmeladov was a familiar figure here, and he had most likely acquired his weakness for high-flown speeches from the habit of frequently entering into conversation with strangers of all sorts in the tavern. This habit develops into a necessity in some drunkards, and especially in those who are looked after sharply and kept in order at home. Hence in the company of other drinkers they try to justify themselves and even if possible obtain consideration.
"Funny fellow!" pronounced the innkeeper. "And why don't you work, why aren't you at your duty, if you are in the service?"
"Why am I not at my duty, honoured sir," Marmeladov went on, addressing himself exclusively to Raskolnikov, as though it had been he who put that question to him. "Why am I not at my duty? Does not my heart ache to think what a useless worm I am? A month ago when Mr. Lebeziatnikov beat my wife with his own hands, and I lay drunk, didn't I suffer? Excuse me, young man, has it ever happened to you... hm... well, to petition hopelessly for a loan?"
"Yes, it has. But what do you mean by hopelessly?"
"Hopelessly in the fullest sense, when you know beforehand that you will get nothing by it. You know, for instance, beforehand with positive certainty that this man, this most reputable and exemplary citizen, will on no consideration give you money; and indeed I ask you why should he? For he knows of course that I shan't pay it back. From compassion? But Mr. Lebeziatnikov who keeps up with modern ideas explained the other day that compassion is forbidden nowadays by science itself, and that that's what is done now in England, where there is political economy. Why, I ask you, should he give it to me? And yet though I know beforehand that he won't, I set off to him and..."
"Why do you go?" put in Raskolnikov.
"Well, when one has no one, nowhere else one can go! For every man must have somewhere to go. Since there are times when one absolutely must go somewhere! When my own daughter first went out with a yellow ticket, then I had to go... (for my daughter has a yellow passport)," he added in parenthesis, looking with a certain uneasiness at the young man. "No matter, sir, no matter!" he went on hurriedly and with apparent composure when both the boys at the counter guffawed and even the innkeeper smiled—"No matter, I am not confounded by the wagging of their heads; for everyone knows everything about it already, and all that is secret is made open. And I accept it all, not with contempt, but with humility. So be it! So be it! 'Behold the man!' Excuse me, young man, can you.... No, to put it more strongly and more distinctly; not can you but dare you, looking upon me, assert that I am not a pig?"
The young man did not answer a word.
"Well," the orator began again stolidly and with even increased dignity, after waiting for the laughter in the room to subside. "Well, so be it, I am a pig, but she is a lady! I have the semblance of a beast, but Katerina Ivanovna, my spouse, is a person of education and an officer's daughter. Granted, granted, I am a scoundrel, but she is a woman of a noble heart, full of sentiments, refined by education. And yet... oh, if only she felt for me! Honoured sir, honoured sir, you know every man ought to have at least one place where people feel for him! But Katerina Ivanovna, though she is magnanimous, she is unjust.... And yet, although I realise that when she pulls my hair she only does it out of pity—for I repeat without being ashamed, she pulls my hair, young man," he declared with redoubled dignity, hearing the sniggering again—"but, my God, if she would but once.... But no, no! It's all in vain and it's no use talking! No use talking! For more than once, my wish did come true and more than once she has felt for me but... such is my fate and I am a beast by nature!"
"Rather!" assented the innkeeper yawning. Marmeladov struck his fist resolutely on the table.
"Such is my fate! Do you know, sir, do you know, I have sold her very stockings for drink? Not her shoes—that would be more or less in the order of things, but her stockings, her stockings I have sold for drink! Her mohair shawl I sold for drink, a present to her long ago, her own property, not mine; and we live in a cold room and she caught cold this winter and has begun coughing and spitting blood too. We have three little children and Katerina Ivanovna is at work from morning till night; she is scrubbing and cleaning and washing the children, for she's been used to cleanliness from a child. But her chest is weak and she has a tendency to consumption and I feel it! Do you suppose I don't feel it? And the more I drink the more I feel it. That's why I drink too. I try to find sympathy and feeling in drink.... I drink so that I may suffer twice as much!" And as though in despair he laid his head down on the table.
"Young man," he went on, raising his head again, "in your face I seem to read some trouble of mind. When you came in I read it, and that was why I addressed you at once. For in unfolding to you the story of my life, I do not wish to make myself a laughing-stock before these idle listeners, who indeed know all about it already, but I am looking for a man of feeling and education. Know then that my wife was educated in a high-class school for the daughters of noblemen, and on leaving she danced the shawl dance before the governor and other personages for which she was presented with a gold medal and a certificate of merit. The medal... well, the medal of course was sold—long ago, hm... but the certificate of merit is in her trunk still and not long ago she showed it to our landlady. And although she is most continually on bad terms with the landlady, yet she wanted to tell someone or other of her past honours and of the happy days that are gone. I don't condemn her for it, I don't blame her, for the one thing left her is recollection of the past, and all the rest is dust and ashes. Yes, yes, she is a lady of spirit, proud and determined. She scrubs the floors herself and has nothing but black bread to eat, but won't allow herself to be treated with disrespect. That's why she would not overlook Mr. Lebeziatnikov's rudeness to her, and so when he gave her a beating for it, she took to her bed more from the hurt to her feelings than from the blows. She was a widow when I married her, with three children, one smaller than the other. She married her first husband, an infantry officer, for love, and ran away with him from her father's house. She was exceedingly fond of her husband; but he gave way to cards, got into trouble and with that he died. He used to beat her at the end: and although she paid him back, of which I have authentic documentary evidence, to this day she speaks of him with tears and she throws him up to me; and I am glad, I am glad that, though only in imagination, she should think of herself as having once been happy.... And she was left at his death with three children in a wild and remote district where I happened to be at the time; and she was left in such hopeless poverty that, although I have seen many ups and downs of all sort, I don't feel equal to describing it even. Her relations had all thrown her off. And she was proud, too, excessively proud.... And then, honoured sir, and then, I, being at the time a widower, with a daughter of fourteen left me by my first wife, offered her my hand, for I could not bear the sight of such suffering. You can judge the extremity of her calamities, that she, a woman of education and culture and distinguished family, should have consented to be my wife. But she did! Weeping and sobbing and wringing her hands, she married me! For she had nowhere to turn! Do you understand, sir, do you understand what it means when you have absolutely nowhere to turn? No, that you don't understand yet.... And for a whole year, I performed my duties conscientiously and faithfully, and did not touch this" (he tapped the jug with his finger), "for I have feelings. But even so, I could not please her; and then I lost my place too, and that through no fault of mine but through changes in the office; and then I did touch it!... It will be a year and a half ago soon since we found ourselves at last after many wanderings and numerous calamities in this magnificent capital, adorned with innumerable monuments. Here I obtained a situation.... I obtained it and I lost it again. Do you understand? This time it was through my own fault I lost it: for my weakness had come out.... We have now part of a room at Amalia Fyodorovna Lippevechsel's; and what we live upon and what we pay our rent with, I could not say. There are a lot of people living there besides ourselves. Dirt and disorder, a perfect Bedlam... hm... yes... And meanwhile my daughter by my first wife has grown up; and what my daughter has had to put up with from her step-mother whilst she was growing up, I won't speak of. For, though Katerina Ivanovna is full of generous feelings, she is a spirited lady, irritable and short—tempered.... Yes. But it's no use going over that! Sonia, as you may well fancy, has had no education. I did make an effort four years ago to give her a course of geography and universal history, but as I was not very well up in those subjects myself and we had no suitable books, and what books we had... hm, anyway we have not even those now, so all our instruction came to an end. We stopped at Cyrus of Persia. Since she has attained years of maturity, she has read other books of romantic tendency and of late she had read with great interest a book she got through Mr. Lebeziatnikov, Lewes' Physiology—do you know it?—and even recounted extracts from it to us: and that's the whole of her education. And now may I venture to address you, honoured sir, on my own account with a private question. Do you suppose that a respectable poor girl can earn much by honest work? Not fifteen farthings a day can she earn, if she is respectable and has no special talent and that without putting her work down for an instant! And what's more, Ivan Ivanitch Klopstock the civil counsellor—have you heard of him?—has not to this day paid her for the half-dozen linen shirts she made him and drove her roughly away, stamping and reviling her, on the pretext that the shirt collars were not made like the pattern and were put in askew. And there are the little ones hungry.... And Katerina Ivanovna walking up and down and wringing her hands, her cheeks flushed red, as they always are in that disease: 'Here you live with us,' says she, 'you eat and drink and are kept warm and you do nothing to help.' And much she gets to eat and drink when there is not a crust for the little ones for three days! I was lying at the time... well, what of it! I was lying drunk and I heard my Sonia speaking (she is a gentle creature with a soft little voice... fair hair and such a pale, thin little face). She said: 'Katerina Ivanovna, am I really to do a thing like that?' And Darya Frantsovna, a woman of evil character and very well known to the police, had two or three times tried to get at her through the landlady. 'And why not?' said Katerina Ivanovna with a jeer, 'you are something mighty precious to be so careful of!' But don't blame her, don't blame her, honoured sir, don't blame her! She was not herself when she spoke, but driven to distraction by her illness and the crying of the hungry children; and it was said more to wound her than anything else.... For that's Katerina Ivanovna's character, and when children cry, even from hunger, she falls to beating them at once. At six o'clock I saw Sonia get up, put on her kerchief and her cape, and go out of the room and about nine o'clock she came back. She walked straight up to Katerina Ivanovna and she laid thirty roubles on the table before her in silence. She did not utter a word, she did not even look at her, she simply picked up our big green drap de dames shawl (we have a shawl, made of drap de dames), put it over her head and face and lay down on the bed with her face to the wall; only her little shoulders and her body kept shuddering.... And I went on lying there, just as before.... And then I saw, young man, I saw Katerina Ivanovna, in the same silence go up to Sonia's little bed; she was on her knees all the evening kissing Sonia's feet, and would not get up, and then they both fell asleep in each other's arms... together, together... yes... and I... lay drunk."
Marmeladov stopped short, as though his voice had failed him. Then he hurriedly filled his glass, drank, and cleared his throat.
"Since then, sir," he went on after a brief pause—"Since then, owing to an unfortunate occurrence and through information given by evil-intentioned persons—in all which Darya Frantsovna took a leading part on the pretext that she had been treated with want of respect—since then my daughter Sofya Semyonovna has been forced to take a yellow ticket, and owing to that she is unable to go on living with us. For our landlady, Amalia Fyodorovna would not hear of it (though she had backed up Darya Frantsovna before) and Mr. Lebeziatnikov too... hm.... All the trouble between him and Katerina Ivanovna was on Sonia's account. At first he was for making up to Sonia himself and then all of a sudden he stood on his dignity: 'how,' said he, 'can a highly educated man like me live in the same rooms with a girl like that?' And Katerina Ivanovna would not let it pass, she stood up for her... and so that's how it happened. And Sonia comes to us now, mostly after dark; she comforts Katerina Ivanovna and gives her all she can.... She has a room at the Kapernaumovs' the tailors, she lodges with them; Kapernaumov is a lame man with a cleft palate and all of his numerous family have cleft palates too. And his wife, too, has a cleft palate. They all live in one room, but Sonia has her own, partitioned off.... Hm... yes... very poor people and all with cleft palates... yes. Then I got up in the morning, and put on my rags, lifted up my hands to heaven and set off to his excellency Ivan Afanasyvitch. His excellency Ivan Afanasyvitch, do you know him? No? Well, then, it's a man of God you don't know. He is wax... wax before the face of the Lord; even as wax melteth!... His eyes were dim when he heard my story. 'Marmeladov, once already you have deceived my expectations... I'll take you once more on my own responsibility'—that's what he said, 'remember,' he said, 'and now you can go.' I kissed the dust at his feet—in thought only, for in reality he would not have allowed me to do it, being a statesman and a man of modern political and enlightened ideas. I returned home, and when I announced that I'd been taken back into the service and should receive a salary, heavens, what a to-do there was!..."
Marmeladov stopped again in violent excitement. At that moment a whole party of revellers already drunk came in from the street, and the sounds of a hired concertina and the cracked piping voice of a child of seven singing "The Hamlet" were heard in the entry. The room was filled with noise. The tavern-keeper and the boys were busy with the new-comers. Marmeladov paying no attention to the new arrivals continued his story. He appeared by now to be extremely weak, but as he became more and more drunk, he became more and more talkative. The recollection of his recent success in getting the situation seemed to revive him, and was positively reflected in a sort of radiance on his face. Raskolnikov listened attentively.
"That was five weeks ago, sir. Yes.... As soon as Katerina Ivanovna and Sonia heard of it, mercy on us, it was as though I stepped into the kingdom of Heaven. It used to be: you can lie like a beast, nothing but abuse. Now they were walking on tiptoe, hushing the children. 'Semyon Zaharovitch is tired with his work at the office, he is resting, shh!' They made me coffee before I went to work and boiled cream for me! They began to get real cream for me, do you hear that? And how they managed to get together the money for a decent outfit—eleven roubles, fifty copecks, I can't guess. Boots, cotton shirt-fronts—most magnificent, a uniform, they got up all in splendid style, for eleven roubles and a half. The first morning I came back from the office I found Katerina Ivanovna had cooked two courses for dinner—soup and salt meat with horse radish—which we had never dreamed of till then. She had not any dresses... none at all, but she got herself up as though she were going on a visit; and not that she'd anything to do it with, she smartened herself up with nothing at all, she'd done her hair nicely, put on a clean collar of some sort, cuffs, and there she was, quite a different person, she was younger and better looking. Sonia, my little darling, had only helped with money 'for the time,' she said, 'it won't do for me to come and see you too often. After dark maybe when no one can see.' Do you hear, do you hear? I lay down for a nap after dinner and what do you think: though Katerina Ivanovna had quarrelled to the last degree with our landlady Amalia Fyodorovna only a week before, she could not resist then asking her in to coffee. For two hours they were sitting, whispering together. 'Semyon Zaharovitch is in the service again, now, and receiving a salary,' says she, 'and he went himself to his excellency and his excellency himself came out to him, made all the others wait and led Semyon Zaharovitch by the hand before everybody into his study.' Do you hear, do you hear? 'To be sure,' says he, 'Semyon Zaharovitch, remembering your past services,' says he, 'and in spite of your propensity to that foolish weakness, since you promise now and since moreover we've got on badly without you,' (do you hear, do you hear;) 'and so,' says he, 'I rely now on your word as a gentleman.' And all that, let me tell you, she has simply made up for herself, and not simply out of wantonness, for the sake of bragging; no, she believes it all herself, she amuses herself with her own fancies, upon my word she does! And I don't blame her for it, no, I don't blame her!... Six days ago when I brought her my first earnings in full—twenty-three roubles forty copecks altogether—she called me her poppet: 'poppet,' said she, 'my little poppet.' And when we were by ourselves, you understand? You would not think me a beauty, you would not think much of me as a husband, would you?... Well, she pinched my cheek, 'my little poppet,' said she."
Marmeladov broke off, tried to smile, but suddenly his chin began to twitch. He controlled himself however. The tavern, the degraded appearance of the man, the five nights in the hay barge, and the pot of spirits, and yet this poignant love for his wife and children bewildered his listener. Raskolnikov listened intently but with a sick sensation. He felt vexed that he had come here.
"Honoured sir, honoured sir," cried Marmeladov recovering himself—"Oh, sir, perhaps all this seems a laughing matter to you, as it does to others, and perhaps I am only worrying you with the stupidity of all the trivial details of my home life, but it is not a laughing matter to me. For I can feel it all.... And the whole of that heavenly day of my life and the whole of that evening I passed in fleeting dreams of how I would arrange it all, and how I would dress all the children, and how I should give her rest, and how I should rescue my own daughter from dishonour and restore her to the bosom of her family.... And a great deal more.... Quite excusable, sir. Well, then, sir" (Marmeladov suddenly gave a sort of start, raised his head and gazed intently at his listener) "well, on the very next day after all those dreams, that is to say, exactly five days ago, in the evening, by a cunning trick, like a thief in the night, I stole from Katerina Ivanovna the key of her box, took out what was left of my earnings, how much it was I have forgotten, and now look at me, all of you! It's the fifth day since I left home, and they are looking for me there and it's the end of my employment, and my uniform is lying in a tavern on the Egyptian bridge. I exchanged it for the garments I have on... and it's the end of everything!"
Marmeladov struck his forehead with his fist, clenched his teeth, closed his eyes and leaned heavily with his elbow on the table. But a minute later his face suddenly changed and with a certain assumed slyness and affectation of bravado, he glanced at Raskolnikov, laughed and said:
"This morning I went to see Sonia, I went to ask her for a pick-me-up! He-he-he!"
"You don't say she gave it to you?" cried one of the new-comers; he shouted the words and went off into a guffaw.
"This very quart was bought with her money," Marmeladov declared, addressing himself exclusively to Raskolnikov. "Thirty copecks she gave me with her own hands, her last, all she had, as I saw.... She said nothing, she only looked at me without a word.... Not on earth, but up yonder... they grieve over men, they weep, but they don't blame them, they don't blame them! But it hurts more, it hurts more when they don't blame! Thirty copecks yes! And maybe she needs them now, eh? What do you think, my dear sir? For now she's got to keep up her appearance. It costs money, that smartness, that special smartness, you know? Do you understand? And there's pomatum, too, you see, she must have things; petticoats, starched ones, shoes, too, real jaunty ones to show off her foot when she has to step over a puddle. Do you understand, sir, do you understand what all that smartness means? And here I, her own father, here I took thirty copecks of that money for a drink! And I am drinking it! And I have already drunk it! Come, who will have pity on a man like me, eh? Are you sorry for me, sir, or not? Tell me, sir, are you sorry or not? He-he-he!"
He would have filled his glass, but there was no drink left. The pot was empty.
"What are you to be pitied for?" shouted the tavern-keeper who was again near them.
Shouts of laughter and even oaths followed. The laughter and the oaths came from those who were listening and also from those who had heard nothing but were simply looking at the figure of the discharged government clerk.
"To be pitied! Why am I to be pitied?" Marmeladov suddenly declaimed, standing up with his arm outstretched, as though he had been only waiting for that question.
"Why am I to be pitied, you say? Yes! there's nothing to pity me for! I ought to be crucified, crucified on a cross, not pitied! Crucify me, oh judge, crucify me but pity me! And then I will go of myself to be crucified, for it's not merry-making I seek but tears and tribulation!... Do you suppose, you that sell, that this pint of yours has been sweet to me? It was tribulation I sought at the bottom of it, tears and tribulation, and have found it, and I have tasted it; but He will pity us Who has had pity on all men, Who has understood all men and all things, He is the One, He too is the judge. He will come in that day and He will ask: 'Where is the daughter who gave herself for her cross, consumptive step-mother and for the little children of another? Where is the daughter who had pity upon the filthy drunkard, her earthly father, undismayed by his beastliness?' And He will say, 'Come to me! I have already forgiven thee once.... I have forgiven thee once.... Thy sins which are many are forgiven thee for thou hast loved much....' And he will forgive my Sonia, He will forgive, I know it... I felt it in my heart when I was with her just now! And He will judge and will forgive all, the good and the evil, the wise and the meek.... And when He has done with all of them, then He will summon us. 'You too come forth,' He will say, 'Come forth ye drunkards, come forth, ye weak ones, come forth, ye children of shame!' And we shall all come forth, without shame and shall stand before him. And He will say unto us, 'Ye are swine, made in the Image of the Beast and with his mark; but come ye also!' And the wise ones and those of understanding will say, 'Oh Lord, why dost Thou receive these men?' And He will say, 'This is why I receive them, oh ye wise, this is why I receive them, oh ye of understanding, that not one of them believed himself to be worthy of this.' And He will hold out His hands to us and we shall fall down before him... and we shall weep... and we shall understand all things! Then we shall understand all!... and all will understand, Katerina Ivanovna even... she will understand.... Lord, Thy kingdom come!" And he sank down on the bench exhausted, and helpless, looking at no one, apparently oblivious of his surroundings and plunged in deep thought. His words had created a certain impression; there was a moment of silence; but soon laughter and oaths were heard again.
"That's his notion!"
"Talked himself silly!"
"A fine clerk he is!"
And so on, and so on.
"Let us go, sir," said Marmeladov all at once, raising his head and addressing Raskolnikov—"come along with me... Kozel's house, looking into the yard. I'm going to Katerina Ivanovna—time I did."
Raskolnikov had for some time been wanting to go and he had meant to help him. Marmeladov was much unsteadier on his legs than in his speech and leaned heavily on the young man. They had two or three hundred paces to go. The drunken man was more and more overcome by dismay and confusion as they drew nearer the house.
"It's not Katerina Ivanovna I am afraid of now," he muttered in agitation—"and that she will begin pulling my hair. What does my hair matter! Bother my hair! That's what I say! Indeed it will be better if she does begin pulling it, that's not what I am afraid of... it's her eyes I am afraid of... yes, her eyes... the red on her cheeks, too, frightens me... and her breathing too.... Have you noticed how people in that disease breathe... when they are excited? I am frightened of the children's crying, too.... For if Sonia has not taken them food... I don't know what's happened! I don't know! But blows I am not afraid of.... Know, sir, that such blows are not a pain to me, but even an enjoyment. In fact I can't get on without it.... It's better so. Let her strike me, it relieves her heart... it's better so... There is the house. The house of Kozel, the cabinet-maker... a German, well-to-do. Lead the way!"
They went in from the yard and up to the fourth storey. The staircase got darker and darker as they went up. It was nearly eleven o'clock and although in summer in Petersburg there is no real night, yet it was quite dark at the top of the stairs.
A grimy little door at the very top of the stairs stood ajar. A very poor-looking room about ten paces long was lighted up by a candle-end; the whole of it was visible from the entrance. It was all in disorder, littered up with rags of all sorts, especially children's garments. Across the furthest corner was stretched a ragged sheet. Behind it probably was the bed. There was nothing in the room except two chairs and a sofa covered with American leather, full of holes, before which stood an old deal kitchen-table, unpainted and uncovered. At the edge of the table stood a smoldering tallow-candle in an iron candlestick. It appeared that the family had a room to themselves, not part of a room, but their room was practically a passage. The door leading to the other rooms, or rather cupboards, into which Amalia Lippevechsel's flat was divided stood half open, and there was shouting, uproar and laughter within. People seemed to be playing cards and drinking tea there. Words of the most unceremonious kind flew out from time to time.
Raskolnikov recognised Katerina Ivanovna at once. She was a rather tall, slim and graceful woman, terribly emaciated, with magnificent dark brown hair and with a hectic flush in her cheeks. She was pacing up and down in her little room, pressing her hands against her chest; her lips were parched and her breathing came in nervous broken gasps. Her eyes glittered as in fever and looked about with a harsh immovable stare. And that consumptive and excited face with the last flickering light of the candle-end playing upon it made a sickening impression. She seemed to Raskolnikov about thirty years old and was certainly a strange wife for Marmeladov.... She had not heard them and did not notice them coming in. She seemed to be lost in thought, hearing and seeing nothing. The room was close, but she had not opened the window; a stench rose from the staircase, but the door on to the stairs was not closed. From the inner rooms clouds of tobacco smoke floated in, she kept coughing, but did not close the door. The youngest child, a girl of six, was asleep, sitting curled up on the floor with her head on the sofa. A boy a year older stood crying and shaking in the corner, probably he had just had a beating. Beside him stood a girl of nine years old, tall and thin, wearing a thin and ragged chemise with an ancient cashmere pelisse flung over her bare shoulders, long outgrown and barely reaching her knees. Her arm, as thin as a stick, was round her brother's neck. She was trying to comfort him, whispering something to him, and doing all she could to keep him from whimpering again. At the same time her large dark eyes, which looked larger still from the thinness of her frightened face, were watching her mother with alarm. Marmeladov did not enter the door, but dropped on his knees in the very doorway, pushing Raskolnikov in front of him. The woman seeing a stranger stopped indifferently facing him, coming to herself for a moment and apparently wondering what he had come for. But evidently she decided that he was going into the next room, as he had to pass through hers to get there. Taking no further notice of him, she walked towards the outer door to close it and uttered a sudden scream on seeing her husband on his knees in the doorway.
"Ah!" she cried out in a frenzy, "he has come back! The criminal! the monster!... And where is the money? What's in your pocket, show me! And your clothes are all different! Where are your clothes? Where is the money! Speak!"
And she fell to searching him. Marmeladov submissively and obediently held up both arms to facilitate the search. Not a farthing was there.
"Where is the money?" she cried—"Mercy on us, can he have drunk it all? There were twelve silver roubles left in the chest!" and in a fury she seized him by the hair and dragged him into the room. Marmeladov seconded her efforts by meekly crawling along on his knees.
"And this is a consolation to me! This does not hurt me, but is a positive con-so-la-tion, ho-nou-red sir," he called out, shaken to and fro by his hair and even once striking the ground with his forehead. The child asleep on the floor woke up, and began to cry. The boy in the corner losing all control began trembling and screaming and rushed to his sister in violent terror, almost in a fit. The eldest girl was shaking like a leaf.
"He's drunk it! he's drunk it all," the poor woman screamed in despair—"and his clothes are gone! And they are hungry, hungry!"—and wringing her hands she pointed to the children. "Oh, accursed life! And you, are you not ashamed?"—she pounced all at once upon Raskolnikov—"from the tavern! Have you been drinking with him? You have been drinking with him, too! Go away!"
The young man was hastening away without uttering a word. The inner door was thrown wide open and inquisitive faces were peering in at it. Coarse laughing faces with pipes and cigarettes and heads wearing caps thrust themselves in at the doorway. Further in could be seen figures in dressing gowns flung open, in costumes of unseemly scantiness, some of them with cards in their hands. They were particularly diverted, when Marmeladov, dragged about by his hair, shouted that it was a consolation to him. They even began to come into the room; at last a sinister shrill outcry was heard: this came from Amalia Lippevechsel herself pushing her way amongst them and trying to restore order after her own fashion and for the hundredth time to frighten the poor woman by ordering her with coarse abuse to clear out of the room next day. As he went out, Raskolnikov had time to put his hand into his pocket, to snatch up the coppers he had received in exchange for his rouble in the tavern and to lay them unnoticed on the window. Afterwards on the stairs, he changed his mind and would have gone back.
"What a stupid thing I've done," he thought to himself, "they have Sonia and I want it myself." But reflecting that it would be impossible to take it back now and that in any case he would not have taken it, he dismissed it with a wave of his hand and went back to his lodging. "Sonia wants pomatum too," he said as he walked along the street, and he laughed malignantly—"such smartness costs money.... Hm! And maybe Sonia herself will be bankrupt to-day, for there is always a risk, hunting big game... digging for gold... then they would all be without a crust to-morrow except for my money. Hurrah for Sonia! What a mine they've dug there! And they're making the most of it! Yes, they are making the most of it! They've wept over it and grown used to it. Man grows used to everything, the scoundrel!"
He sank into thought.
"And what if I am wrong," he cried suddenly after a moment's thought. "What if man is not really a scoundrel, man in general, I mean, the whole race of mankind—then all the rest is prejudice, simply artificial terrors and there are no barriers and it's all as it should be."


CHAPTER III


He waked up late next day after a broken sleep. But his sleep had not refreshed him; he waked up bilious, irritable, ill-tempered, and looked with hatred at his room. It was a tiny cupboard of a room about six paces in length. It had a poverty-stricken appearance with its dusty yellow paper peeling off the walls, and it was so low-pitched that a man of more than average height was ill at ease in it and felt every moment that he would knock his head against the ceiling. The furniture was in keeping with the room: there were three old chairs, rather rickety; a painted table in the corner on which lay a few manuscripts and books; the dust that lay thick upon them showed that they had been long untouched. A big clumsy sofa occupied almost the whole of one wall and half the floor space of the room; it was once covered with chintz, but was now in rags and served Raskolnikov as a bed. Often he went to sleep on it, as he was, without undressing, without sheets, wrapped in his old student's overcoat, with his head on one little pillow, under which he heaped up all the linen he had, clean and dirty, by way of a bolster. A little table stood in front of the sofa.
It would have been difficult to sink to a lower ebb of disorder, but to Raskolnikov in his present state of mind this was positively agreeable. He had got completely away from everyone, like a tortoise in its shell, and even the sight of a servant girl who had to wait upon him and looked sometimes into his room made him writhe with nervous irritation. He was in the condition that overtakes some monomaniacs entirely concentrated upon one thing. His landlady had for the last fortnight given up sending him in meals, and he had not yet thought of expostulating with her, though he went without his dinner. Nastasya, the cook and only servant, was rather pleased at the lodger's mood and had entirely given up sweeping and doing his room, only once a week or so she would stray into his room with a broom. She waked him up that day.
"Get up, why are you asleep?" she called to him. "It's past nine, I have brought you some tea; will you have a cup? I should think you're fairly starving?"
Raskolnikov opened his eyes, started and recognised Nastasya.
"From the landlady, eh?" he asked, slowly and with a sickly face sitting up on the sofa.
"From the landlady, indeed!"
She set before him her own cracked teapot full of weak and stale tea and laid two yellow lumps of sugar by the side of it.
"Here, Nastasya, take it please," he said, fumbling in his pocket (for he had slept in his clothes) and taking out a handful of coppers—"run and buy me a loaf. And get me a little sausage, the cheapest, at the pork-butcher's."
"The loaf I'll fetch you this very minute, but wouldn't you rather have some cabbage soup instead of sausage? It's capital soup, yesterday's. I saved it for you yesterday, but you came in late. It's fine soup."
When the soup had been brought, and he had begun upon it, Nastasya sat down beside him on the sofa and began chatting. She was a country peasant-woman and a very talkative one.
"Praskovya Pavlovna means to complain to the police about you," she said.
He scowled.
"To the police? What does she want?"
"You don't pay her money and you won't turn out of the room. That's what she wants, to be sure."
"The devil, that's the last straw," he muttered, grinding his teeth, "no, that would not suit me... just now. She is a fool," he added aloud. "I'll go and talk to her to-day."
"Fool she is and no mistake, just as I am. But why, if you are so clever, do you lie here like a sack and have nothing to show for it? One time you used to go out, you say, to teach children. But why is it you do nothing now?"
"I am doing..." Raskolnikov began sullenly and reluctantly.
"What are you doing?"
"Work..."
"What sort of work?"
"I am thinking," he answered seriously after a pause.
Nastasya was overcome with a fit of laughter. She was given to laughter and when anything amused her, she laughed inaudibly, quivering and shaking all over till she felt ill.
"And have you made much money by your thinking?" she managed to articulate at last.
"One can't go out to give lessons without boots. And I'm sick of it."
"Don't quarrel with your bread and butter."
"They pay so little for lessons. What's the use of a few coppers?" he answered, reluctantly, as though replying to his own thought.
"And you want to get a fortune all at once?"
He looked at her strangely.
"Yes, I want a fortune," he answered firmly, after a brief pause.
"Don't be in such a hurry, you quite frighten me! Shall I get you the loaf or not?"
"As you please."
"Ah, I forgot! A letter came for you yesterday when you were out."
"A letter? for me! from whom?"
"I can't say. I gave three copecks of my own to the postman for it. Will you pay me back?"
"Then bring it to me, for God's sake, bring it," cried Raskolnikov greatly excited—"good God!"
A minute later the letter was brought him. That was it: from his mother, from the province of R——. He turned pale when he took it. It was a long while since he had received a letter, but another feeling also suddenly stabbed his heart.
"Nastasya, leave me alone, for goodness' sake; here are your three copecks, but for goodness' sake, make haste and go!"
The letter was quivering in his hand; he did not want to open it in her presence; he wanted to be left alone with this letter. When Nastasya had gone out, he lifted it quickly to his lips and kissed it; then he gazed intently at the address, the small, sloping handwriting, so dear and familiar, of the mother who had once taught him to read and write. He delayed; he seemed almost afraid of something. At last he opened it; it was a thick heavy letter, weighing over two ounces, two large sheets of note paper were covered with very small handwriting.
"My dear Rodya," wrote his mother—"it's two months since I last had a talk with you by letter which has distressed me and even kept me awake at night, thinking. But I am sure you will not blame me for my inevitable silence. You know how I love you; you are all we have to look to, Dounia and I, you are our all, our one hope, our one stay. What a grief it was to me when I heard that you had given up the university some months ago, for want of means to keep yourself and that you had lost your lessons and your other work! How could I help you out of my hundred and twenty roubles a year pension? The fifteen roubles I sent you four months ago I borrowed, as you know, on security of my pension, from Vassily Ivanovitch Vahrushin a merchant of this town. He is a kind-hearted man and was a friend of your father's too. But having given him the right to receive the pension, I had to wait till the debt was paid off and that is only just done, so that I've been unable to send you anything all this time. But now, thank God, I believe I shall be able to send you something more and in fact we may congratulate ourselves on our good fortune now, of which I hasten to inform you. In the first place, would you have guessed, dear Rodya, that your sister has been living with me for the last six weeks and we shall not be separated in the future. Thank God, her sufferings are over, but I will tell you everything in order, so that you may know just how everything has happened and all that we have hitherto concealed from you. When you wrote to me two months ago that you had heard that Dounia had a great deal to put up with in the Svidrigraïlovs' house, when you wrote that and asked me to tell you all about it—what could I write in answer to you? If I had written the whole truth to you, I dare say you would have thrown up everything and have come to us, even if you had to walk all the way, for I know your character and your feelings, and you would not let your sister be insulted. I was in despair myself, but what could I do? And, besides, I did not know the whole truth myself then. What made it all so difficult was that Dounia received a hundred roubles in advance when she took the place as governess in their family, on condition of part of her salary being deducted every month, and so it was impossible to throw up the situation without repaying the debt. This sum (now I can explain it all to you, my precious Rodya) she took chiefly in order to send you sixty roubles, which you needed so terribly then and which you received from us last year. We deceived you then, writing that this money came from Dounia's savings, but that was not so, and now I tell you all about it, because, thank God, things have suddenly changed for the better, and that you may know how Dounia loves you and what a heart she has. At first indeed Mr. Svidrigaïlov treated her very rudely and used to make disrespectful and jeering remarks at table.... But I don't want to go into all those painful details, so as not to worry you for nothing when it is now all over. In short, in spite of the kind and generous behaviour of Marfa Petrovna, Mr. Svidrigaïlov's wife, and all the rest of the household, Dounia had a very hard time, especially when Mr. Svidrigaïlov, relapsing into his old regimental habits, was under the influence of Bacchus. And how do you think it was all explained later on? Would you believe that the crazy fellow had conceived a passion for Dounia from the beginning, but had concealed it under a show of rudeness and contempt. Possibly he was ashamed and horrified himself at his own flighty hopes, considering his years and his being the father of a family; and that made him angry with Dounia. And possibly, too, he hoped by his rude and sneering behaviour to hide the truth from others. But at last he lost all control and had the face to make Dounia an open and shameful proposal, promising her all sorts of inducements and offering, besides, to throw up everything and take her to another estate of his, or even abroad. You can imagine all she went through! To leave her situation at once was impossible not only on account of the money debt, but also to spare the feelings of Marfa Petrovna, whose suspicions would have been aroused: and then Dounia would have been the cause of a rupture in the family. And it would have meant a terrible scandal for Dounia too; that would have been inevitable. There were various other reasons owing to which Dounia could not hope to escape from that awful house for another six weeks. You know Dounia, of course; you know how clever she is and what a strong will she has. Dounia can endure a great deal and even in the most difficult cases she has the fortitude to maintain her firmness. She did not even write to me about everything for fear of upsetting me, although we were constantly in communication. It all ended very unexpectedly. Marfa Petrovna accidentally overheard her husband imploring Dounia in the garden, and, putting quite a wrong interpretation on the position, threw the blame upon her, believing her to be the cause of it all. An awful scene took place between them on the spot in the garden; Marfa Petrovna went so far as to strike Dounia, refused to hear anything and was shouting at her for a whole hour and then gave orders that Dounia should be packed off at once to me in a plain peasant's cart, into which they flung all her things, her linen and her clothes, all pell-mell, without folding it up and packing it. And a heavy shower of rain came on, too, and Dounia, insulted and put to shame, had to drive with a peasant in an open cart all the seventeen versts into town. Only think now what answer could I have sent to the letter I received from you two months ago and what could I have written? I was in despair; I dared not write to you the truth because you would have been very unhappy, mortified and indignant, and yet what could you do? You could only perhaps ruin yourself, and, besides, Dounia would not allow it; and fill up my letter with trifles when my heart was so full of sorrow, I could not. For a whole month the town was full of gossip about this scandal, and it came to such a pass that Dounia and I dared not even go to church on account of the contemptuous looks, whispers, and even remarks made aloud about us. All our acquaintances avoided us, nobody even bowed to us in the street, and I learnt that some shopmen and clerks were intending to insult us in a shameful way, smearing the gates of our house with pitch, so that the landlord began to tell us we must leave. All this was set going by Marfa Petrovna who managed to slander Dounia and throw dirt at her in every family. She knows everyone in the neighbourhood, and that month she was continually coming into the town, and as she is rather talkative and fond of gossiping about her family affairs and particularly of complaining to all and each of her husband—which is not at all right—so in a short time she had spread her story not only in the town, but over the whole surrounding district. It made me ill, but Dounia bore it better than I did, and if only you could have seen how she endured it all and tried to comfort me and cheer me up! She is an angel! But by God's mercy, our sufferings were cut short: Mr. Svidrigaïlov returned to his senses and repented and, probably feeling sorry for Dounia, he laid before Marfa Petrovna a complete and unmistakable proof of Dounia's innocence, in the form of a letter Dounia had been forced to write and give to him, before Marfa Petrovna came upon them in the garden. This letter, which remained in Mr. Svidrigaïlov's hands after her departure, she had written to refuse personal explanations and secret interviews, for which he was entreating her. In that letter she reproached him with great heat and indignation for the baseness of his behaviour in regard to Marfa Petrovna, reminding him that he was the father and head of a family and telling him how infamous it was of him to torment and make unhappy a defenceless girl, unhappy enough already. Indeed, dear Rodya, the letter was so nobly and touchingly written that I sobbed when I read it and to this day I cannot read it without tears. Moreover, the evidence of the servants, too, cleared Dounia's reputation; they had seen and known a great deal more than Mr. Svidrigaïlov had himself supposed—as indeed is always the case with servants. Marfa Petrovna was completely taken aback, and 'again crushed' as she said herself to us, but she was completely convinced of Dounia's innocence. The very next day, being Sunday, she went straight to the Cathedral, knelt down and prayed with tears to Our Lady to give her strength to bear this new trial and to do her duty. Then she came straight from the Cathedral to us, told us the whole story, wept bitterly and, fully penitent, she embraced Dounia and besought her to forgive her. The same morning without any delay, she went round to all the houses in the town and everywhere, shedding tears, she asserted in the most flattering terms Dounia's innocence and the nobility of her feelings and her behavior. What was more, she showed and read to everyone the letter in Dounia's own handwriting to Mr. Svidrigaïlov and even allowed them to take copies of it—which I must say I think was superfluous. In this way she was busy for several days in driving about the whole town, because some people had taken offence through precedence having been given to others. And therefore they had to take turns, so that in every house she was expected before she arrived, and everyone knew that on such and such a day Marfa Petrovna would be reading the letter in such and such a place and people assembled for every reading of it, even many who had heard it several times already both in their own houses and in other people's. In my opinion a great deal, a very great deal of all this was unnecessary; but that's Marfa Petrovna's character. Anyway she succeeded in completely re-establishing Dounia's reputation and the whole ignominy of this affair rested as an indelible disgrace upon her husband, as the only person to blame, so that I really began to feel sorry for him; it was really treating the crazy fellow too harshly. Dounia was at once asked to give lessons in several families, but she refused. All of a sudden everyone began to treat her with marked respect and all this did much to bring about the event by which, one may say, our whole fortunes are now transformed. You must know, dear Rodya, that Dounia has a suitor and that she has already consented to marry him. I hasten to tell you all about the matter, and though it has been arranged without asking your consent, I think you will not be aggrieved with me or with your sister on that account, for you will see that we could not wait and put off our decision till we heard from you. And you could not have judged all the facts without being on the spot. This was how it happened. He is already of the rank of a counsellor, Pyotr Petrovitch Luzhin, and is distantly related to Marfa Petrovna, who has been very active in bringing the match about. It began with his expressing through her his desire to make our acquaintance. He was properly received, drank coffee with us and the very next day he sent us a letter in which he very courteously made an offer and begged for a speedy and decided answer. He is a very busy man and is in a great hurry to get to Petersburg, so that every moment is precious to him. At first, of course, we were greatly surprised, as it had all happened so quickly and unexpectedly. We thought and talked it over the whole day. He is a well-to-do man, to be depended upon, he has two posts in the government and has already made his fortune. It is true that he is forty-five years old, but he is of a fairly prepossessing appearance and might still be thought attractive by women, and he is altogether a very respectable and presentable man, only he seems a little morose and somewhat conceited. But possibly that may only be the impression he makes at first sight. And beware, dear Rodya, when he comes to Petersburg, as he shortly will do, beware of judging him too hastily and severely, as your way is, if there is anything you do not like in him at first sight. I give you this warning, although I feel sure that he will make a favourable impression upon you. Moreover, in order to understand any man one must be deliberate and careful to avoid forming prejudices and mistaken ideas, which are very difficult to correct and get over afterwards. And Pyotr Petrovitch, judging by many indications, is a thoroughly estimable man. At his first visit, indeed, he told us that he was a practical man, but still he shares, as he expressed it, many of the convictions 'of our most rising generation' and he is an opponent of all prejudices. He said a good deal more, for he seems a little conceited and likes to be listened to, but this is scarcely a vice. I, of course, understood very little of it, but Dounia explained to me that, though he is not a man of great education, he is clever and seems to be good-natured. You know your sister's character, Rodya. She is a resolute, sensible, patient and generous girl, but she has a passionate heart, as I know very well. Of course, there is no great love either on his side, or on hers, but Dounia is a clever girl and has the heart of an angel, and will make it her duty to make her husband happy who on his side will make her happiness his care. Of that we have no good reason to doubt, though it must be admitted the matter has been arranged in great haste. Besides he is a man of great prudence and he will see, to be sure, of himself, that his own happiness will be the more secure, the happier Dounia is with him. And as for some defects of character, for some habits and even certain differences of opinion—which indeed are inevitable even in the happiest marriages—Dounia has said that, as regards all that, she relies on herself, that there is nothing to be uneasy about, and that she is ready to put up with a great deal, if only their future relationship can be an honourable and straightforward one. He struck me, for instance, at first, as rather abrupt, but that may well come from his being an outspoken man, and that is no doubt how it is. For instance, at his second visit, after he had received Dounia's consent, in the course of conversation, he declared that before making Dounia's acquaintance, he had made up his mind to marry a girl of good reputation, without dowry and, above all, one who had experienced poverty, because, as he explained, a man ought not to be indebted to his wife, but that it is better for a wife to look upon her husband as her benefactor. I must add that he expressed it more nicely and politely than I have done, for I have forgotten his actual phrases and only remember the meaning. And, besides, it was obviously not said of design, but slipped out in the heat of conversation, so that he tried afterwards to correct himself and smooth it over, but all the same it did strike me as somewhat rude, and I said so afterwards to Dounia. But Dounia was vexed, and answered that 'words are not deeds,' and that, of course, is perfectly true. Dounia did not sleep all night before she made up her mind, and, thinking that I was asleep, she got out of bed and was walking up and down the room all night; at last she knelt down before the ikon and prayed long and fervently and in the morning she told me that she had decided.
"I have mentioned already that Pyotr Petrovitch is just setting off for Petersburg, where he has a great deal of business, and he wants to open a legal bureau. He has been occupied for many years in conducting civil and commercial litigation, and only the other day he won an important case. He has to be in Petersburg because he has an important case before the Senate. So, Rodya dear, he may be of the greatest use to you, in every way indeed, and Dounia and I have agreed that from this very day you could definitely enter upon your career and might consider that your future is marked out and assured for you. Oh, if only this comes to pass! This would be such a benefit that we could only look upon it as a providential blessing. Dounia is dreaming of nothing else. We have even ventured already to drop a few words on the subject to Pyotr Petrovitch. He was cautious in his answer, and said that, of course, as he could not get on without a secretary, it would be better to be paying a salary to a relation than to a stranger, if only the former were fitted for the duties (as though there could be doubt of your being fitted!) but then he expressed doubts whether your studies at the university would leave you time for work at his office. The matter dropped for the time, but Dounia is thinking of nothing else now. She has been in a sort of fever for the last few days, and has already made a regular plan for your becoming in the end an associate and even a partner in Pyotr Petrovitch's business, which might well be, seeing that you are a student of law. I am in complete agreement with her, Rodya, and share all her plans and hopes, and think there is every probability of realising them. And in spite of Pyotr Petrovitch's evasiveness, very natural at present (since he does not know you), Dounia is firmly persuaded that she will gain everything by her good influence over her future husband; this she is reckoning upon. Of course we are careful not to talk of any of these more remote plans to Pyotr Petrovitch, especially of your becoming his partner. He is a practical man and might take this very coldly, it might all seem to him simply a day-dream. Nor has either Dounia or I breathed a word to him of the great hopes we have of his helping us to pay for your university studies; we have not spoken of it in the first place, because it will come to pass of itself, later on, and he will no doubt without wasting words offer to do it of himself, (as though he could refuse Dounia that) the more readily since you may by your own efforts become his right hand in the office, and receive this assistance not as a charity, but as a salary earned by your own work. Dounia wants to arrange it all like this and I quite agree with her. And we have not spoken of our plans for another reason, that is, because I particularly wanted you to feel on an equal footing when you first meet him. When Dounia spoke to him with enthusiasm about you, he answered that one could never judge of a man without seeing him close, for oneself, and that he looked forward to forming his own opinion when he makes your acquaintance. Do you know, my precious Rodya, I think that perhaps for some reasons (nothing to do with Pyotr Petrovitch though, simply for my own personal, perhaps old-womanish, fancies) I should do better to go on living by myself, apart, than with them, after the wedding. I am convinced that he will be generous and delicate enough to invite me and to urge me to remain with my daughter for the future, and if he has said nothing about it hitherto, it is simply because it has been taken for granted; but I shall refuse. I have noticed more than once in my life that husbands don't quite get on with their mothers-in-law, and I don't want to be the least bit in anyone's way, and for my own sake, too, would rather be quite independent, so long as I have a crust of bread of my own, and such children as you and Dounia. If possible, I would settle somewhere near you, for the most joyful piece of news, dear Rodya, I have kept for the end of my letter: know then, my dear boy, that we may, perhaps, be all together in a very short time and may embrace one another again after a separation of almost three years! It is settled for certain that Dounia and I are to set off for Petersburg, exactly when I don't know, but very, very soon, possibly in a week. It all depends on Pyotr Petrovitch who will let us know when he has had time to look round him in Petersburg. To suit his own arrangements he is anxious to have the ceremony as soon as possible, even before the fast of Our Lady, if it could be managed, or if that is too soon to be ready, immediately after. Oh, with what happiness I shall press you to my heart! Dounia is all excitement at the joyful thought of seeing you, she said one day in joke that she would be ready to marry Pyotr Petrovitch for that alone. She is an angel! She is not writing anything to you now, and has only told me to write that she has so much, so much to tell you that she is not going to take up her pen now, for a few lines would tell you nothing, and it would only mean upsetting herself; she bids me send you her love and innumerable kisses. But although we shall be meeting so soon, perhaps I shall send you as much money as I can in a day or two. Now that everyone has heard that Dounia is to marry Pyotr Petrovitch, my credit has suddenly improved and I know that Afanasy Ivanovitch will trust me now even to seventy-five roubles on the security of my pension, so that perhaps I shall be able to send you twenty-five or even thirty roubles. I would send you more, but I am uneasy about our travelling expenses; for though Pyotr Petrovitch has been so kind as to undertake part of the expenses of the journey, that is to say, he has taken upon himself the conveyance of our bags and big trunk (which will be conveyed through some acquaintances of his), we must reckon upon some expense on our arrival in Petersburg, where we can't be left without a halfpenny, at least for the first few days. But we have calculated it all, Dounia and I, to the last penny, and we see that the journey will not cost very much. It is only ninety versts from us to the railway and we have come to an agreement with a driver we know, so as to be in readiness; and from there Dounia and I can travel quite comfortably third class. So that I may very likely be able to send to you not twenty-five, but thirty roubles. But enough; I have covered two sheets already and there is no space left for more; our whole history, but so many events have happened! And now, my precious Rodya, I embrace you and send you a mother's blessing till we meet. Love Dounia your sister, Rodya; love her as she loves you and understand that she loves you beyond everything, more than herself. She is an angel and you, Rodya, you are everything to us—our one hope, our one consolation. If only you are happy, we shall be happy. Do you still say your prayers, Rodya, and believe in the mercy of our Creator and our Redeemer? I am afraid in my heart that you may have been visited by the new spirit of infidelity that is abroad to-day; If it is so, I pray for you. Remember, dear boy, how in your childhood, when your father was living, you used to lisp your prayers at my knee, and how happy we all were in those days. Good-bye, till we meet then—I embrace you warmly, warmly, with many kisses.
"Yours till death,
"PULCHERIA RASKOLNIKOV."
Almost from the first, while he read the letter, Raskolnikov's face was wet with tears; but when he finished it, his face was pale and distorted and a bitter, wrathful and malignant smile was on his lips. He laid his head down on his threadbare dirty pillow and pondered, pondered a long time. His heart was beating violently, and his brain was in a turmoil. At last he felt cramped and stifled in the little yellow room that was like a cupboard or a box. His eyes and his mind craved for space. He took up his hat and went out, this time without dread of meeting anyone; he had forgotten his dread. He turned in the direction of the Vassilyevsky Ostrov, walking along Vassilyevsky Prospect, as though hastening on some business, but he walked, as his habit was, without noticing his way, muttering and even speaking aloud to himself, to the astonishment of the passers-by. Many of them took him to be drunk.


CHAPTER IV


His mother's letter had been a torture to him, but as regards the chief fact in it, he had felt not one moment's hesitation, even whilst he was reading the letter. The essential question was settled, and irrevocably settled, in his mind: "Never such a marriage while I am alive and Mr. Luzhin be damned!" "The thing is perfectly clear," he muttered to himself, with a malignant smile anticipating the triumph of his decision. "No, mother, no, Dounia, you won't deceive me! and then they apologise for not asking my advice and for taking the decision without me! I dare say! They imagine it is arranged now and can't be broken off; but we will see whether it can or not! A magnificent excuse: 'Pyotr Petrovitch is such a busy man that even his wedding has to be in post-haste, almost by express.' No, Dounia, I see it all and I know what you want to say to me; and I know too what you were thinking about, when you walked up and down all night, and what your prayers were like before the Holy Mother of Kazan who stands in mother's bedroom. Bitter is the ascent to Golgotha.... Hm... so it is finally settled; you have determined to marry a sensible business man, Avdotya Romanovna, one who has a fortune (has already made his fortune, that is so much more solid and impressive) a man who holds two government posts and who shares the ideas of our most rising generation, as mother writes, and who seems to be kind, as Dounia herself observes. That seems beats everything! And that very Dounia for that very 'seems' is marrying him! Splendid! splendid!
"... But I should like to know why mother has written to me about 'our most rising generation'? Simply as a descriptive touch, or with the idea of prepossessing me in favour of Mr. Luzhin? Oh, the cunning of them! I should like to know one thing more: how far they were open with one another that day and night and all this time since? Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it. Most likely it was partly like that, from mother's letter it's evident: he struck her as rude a little, and mother in her simplicity took her observations to Dounia. And she was sure to be vexed and 'answered her angrily.' I should think so! Who would not be angered when it was quite clear without any naïve questions and when it was understood that it was useless to discuss it. And why does she write to me, 'love Dounia, Rodya, and she loves you more than herself'? Has she a secret conscience-prick at sacrificing her daughter to her son? 'You are our one comfort, you are everything to us.' Oh, mother!"
His bitterness grew more and more intense, and if he had happened to meet Mr. Luzhin at the moment, he might have murdered him.
"Hm... yes, that's true," he continued, pursuing the whirling ideas that chased each other in his brain, "it is true that 'it needs time and care to get to know a man,' but there is no mistake about Mr. Luzhin. The chief thing is he is 'a man of business and seems kind,' that was something, wasn't it, to send the bags and big box for them! A kind man, no doubt after that! But hisbride and her mother are to drive in a peasant's cart covered with sacking (I know, I have been driven in it). No matter! It is only ninety versts and then they can 'travel very comfortably, third class,' for a thousand versts! Quite right, too. One must cut one's coat according to one's cloth, but what about you, Mr. Luzhin? She is your bride.... And you must be aware that her mother has to raise money on her pension for the journey. To be sure it's a matter of business, a partnership for mutual benefit, with equal shares and expenses;—food and drink provided, but pay for your tobacco. The business man has got the better of them, too. The luggage will cost less than their fares and very likely go for nothing. How is it that they don't both see all that, or is it that they don't want to see? And they are pleased, pleased! And to think that this is only the first blossoming, and that the real fruits are to come! But what really matters is not the stinginess, is not the meanness, but the tone of the whole thing. For that will be the tone after marriage, it's a foretaste of it. And mother too, why should she be so lavish? What will she have by the time she gets to Petersburg? Three silver roubles or two 'paper ones' as she says.... that old woman... hm. What does she expect to live upon in Petersburg afterwards? She has her reasons already for guessing that she could not live with Dounia after the marriage, even for the first few months. The good man has no doubt let slip something on that subject also, though mother would deny it: 'I shall refuse,' says she. On whom is she reckoning then? Is she counting on what is left of her hundred and twenty roubles of pension when Afanasy Ivanovitch's debt is paid? She knits woollen shawls and embroiders cuffs, ruining her old eyes. And all her shawls don't add more than twenty roubles a year to her hundred and twenty, I know that. So she is building all her hopes all the time on Mr. Luzhin's generosity; 'he will offer it of himself, he will press it on me.' You may wait a long time for that! That's how it always is with these Schilleresque noble hearts; till the last moment every goose is a swan with them, till the last moment, they hope for the best and will see nothing wrong, and although they have an inkling of the other side of the picture, yet they won't face the truth till they are forced to; the very thought of it makes them shiver; they thrust the truth away with both hands, until the man they deck out in false colours puts a fool's cap on them with his own hands. I should like to know whether Mr. Luzhin has any orders of merit; I bet he has the Anna in his buttonhole and that he puts it on when he goes to dine with contractors or merchants. He will be sure to have it for his wedding, too! Enough of him, confound him!
"Well,... mother I don't wonder at, it's like her, God bless her, but how could Dounia? Dounia darling, as though I did not know you! You were nearly twenty when I saw you last: I understood you then. Mother writes that 'Dounia can put up with a great deal.' I know that very well. I knew that two years and a half ago, and for the last two and a half years I have been thinking about it, thinking of just that, that 'Dounia can put up with a great deal.' If she could put up with Mr. Svidrigaïlov and all the rest of it, she certainly can put up with a great deal. And now mother and she have taken it into their heads that she can put up with Mr. Luzhin, who propounds the theory of the superiority of wives raised from destitution and owing everything to their husband's bounty—who propounds it, too, almost at the first interview. Granted that he 'let it slip,' though he is a sensible man, (yet maybe it was not a slip at all, but he meant to make himself clear as soon as possible) but Dounia, Dounia? She understands the man, of course, but she will have to live with the man. Why! she'd live on black bread and water, she would not sell her soul, she would not barter her moral freedom for comfort; she would not barter it for all Schleswig-Holstein, much less Mr. Luzhin's money. No, Dounia was not that sort when I knew her and... she is still the same, of course! Yes, there's no denying, the Svidrigaïlovs are a bitter pill! It's a bitter thing to spend one's life a governess in the provinces for two hundred roubles, but I know she would rather be a nigger on a plantation or a Lett with a German master than degrade her soul, and her moral dignity, by binding herself for ever to a man whom she does not respect and with whom she has nothing in common—for her own advantage. And if Mr. Luzhin had been of unalloyed gold, or one huge diamond, she would never have consented to become his legal concubine. Why is she consenting then? What's the point of it? What's the answer? It's clear enough: for herself, for her comfort, to save her life she would not sell herself, but for someone else she is doing it! For one she loves, for one she adores, she will sell herself! That's what it all amounts to; for her brother, for her mother, she will sell herself! She will sell everything! In such cases, 'we overcome our moral feeling if necessary,' freedom, peace, conscience even, all, all are brought into the market. Let my life go, if only my dear ones may be happy! More than that, we become casuists, we learn to be Jesuitical and for a time maybe we can soothe ourselves, we can persuade ourselves that it is one's duty for a good object. That's just like us, it's as clear as daylight. It's clear that Rodion Romanovitch Raskolnikov is the central figure in the business, and no one else. Oh, yes, she can ensure his happiness, keep him in the university, make him a partner in the office, make his whole future secure; perhaps he may even be a rich man later on, prosperous, respected, and may even end his life a famous man! But my mother? It's all Rodya, precious Rodya, her first born! For such a son who would not sacrifice such a daughter! Oh, loving, over-partial hearts! Why, for his sake we would not shrink even from Sonia's fate. Sonia, Sonia Marmeladov, the eternal victim so long as the world lasts. Have you taken the measure of your sacrifice, both of you? Is it right? Can you bear it? Is it any use? Is there sense in it? And let me tell you, Dounia, Sonia's life is no worse than life with Mr. Luzhin. 'There can be no question of love,' mother writes. And what if there can be no respect either, if on the contrary there is aversion, contempt, repulsion, what then? So you will have to 'keep up your appearance,' too. Is not that so? Do you understand what that smartness means? Do you understand that the Luzhin smartness is just the same thing as Sonia's and may be worse, viler, baser, because in your case, Dounia, it's a bargain for luxuries, after all, but with Sonia it's simply a question of starvation. It has to be paid for, it has to be paid for, Dounia, this smartness. And what if it's more than you can bear afterwards, if you regret it? The bitterness, the misery, the curses, the tears hidden from all the world, for you are not a Marfa Petrovna. And how will your mother feel then? Even now she is uneasy, she is worried, but then, when she sees it all clearly? And I? Yes, indeed, what have you taken me for? I won't have your sacrifice, Dounia, I won't have it, mother! It shall not be, so long as I am alive, it shall not, it shall not! I won't accept it!"
He suddenly paused in his reflection and stood still.
"It shall not be? But what are you going to do to prevent it? You'll forbid it? And what right have you? What can you promise them on your side to give you such a right? Your whole life, your whole future, you will devote to them when you have finished your studies and obtained a post? Yes, we have heard all that before, and that's all words, but now? Now something must be done, now, do you understand that? And what are you doing now? You are living upon them. They borrow on their hundred roubles pension. They borrow from the Svidrigaïlovs. How are you going to save them from Svidrigaïlovs, from Afanasy Ivanovitch Vahrushin, oh, future millionaire Zeus who would arrange their lives for them? In another ten years? In another ten years, mother will be blind with knitting shawls, maybe with weeping too. She will be worn to a shadow with fasting; and my sister? Imagine for a moment what may have become of your sister in ten years? What may happen to her during those ten years? Can you fancy?"
So he tortured himself, fretting himself with such questions, and finding a kind of enjoyment in it. And yet all these questions were not new ones suddenly confronting him, they were old familiar aches. It was long since they had first begun to grip and rend his heart. Long, long ago his present anguish had its first beginnings; it had waxed and gathered strength, it had matured and concentrated, until it had taken the form of a fearful, frenzied and fantastic question, which tortured his heart and mind, clamouring insistently for an answer. Now his mother's letter had burst on him like a thunderclap. It was clear that he must not now suffer passively, worrying himself over unsolved questions, but that he must do something, do it at once, and do it quickly. Anyway he must decide on something, or else...
"Or throw up life altogether!" he cried suddenly, in a frenzy—"accept one's lot humbly as it is, once for all and stifle everything in oneself, giving up all claim to activity, life and love!"
"Do you understand, sir, do you understand what it means when you have absolutely nowhere to turn?" Marmeladov's question came suddenly into his mind, "for every man must have somewhere to turn...."
He gave a sudden start; another thought, that he had had yesterday, slipped back into his mind. But he did not start at the thought recurring to him, for he knew, he had felt beforehand, that it must come back, he was expecting it; besides it was not only yesterday's thought. The difference was that a month ago, yesterday even, the thought was a mere dream: but now... now it appeared not a dream at all, it had taken a new menacing and quite unfamiliar shape, and he suddenly became aware of this himself.... He felt a hammering in his head, and there was a darkness before his eyes.
He looked round hurriedly, he was searching for something. He wanted to sit down and was looking for a seat; he was walking along the K—— Boulevard. There was a seat about a hundred paces in front of him. He walked towards it as fast he could; but on the way he met with a little adventure which absorbed all his attention. Looking for the seat, he had noticed a woman walking some twenty paces in front of him, but at first he took no more notice of her than of other objects that crossed his path. It had happened to him many times going home not to notice the road by which he was going, and he was accustomed to walk like that. But there was at first sight something so strange about the woman in front of him, that gradually his attention was riveted upon her, at first reluctantly and, as it were, resentfully, and then more and more intently. He felt a sudden desire to find out what it was that was so strange about the woman. In the first place, she appeared to be a girl quite young, and she was walking in the great heat bareheaded and with no parasol or gloves, waving her arms about in an absurd way. She had on a dress of some light silky material, but put on strangely awry, not properly hooked up, and torn open at the top of the skirt, close to the waist: a great piece was rent and hanging loose. A little kerchief was flung about her bare throat, but lay slanting on one side. The girl was walking unsteadily, too, stumbling and staggering from side to side. She drew Raskolnikov's whole attention at last. He overtook the girl at the seat, but, on reaching it, she dropped down on it, in the corner; she let her head sink on the back of the seat and closed her eyes, apparently in extreme exhaustion. Looking at her closely, he saw at once that she was completely drunk. It was a strange and shocking sight. He could hardly believe that he was not mistaken. He saw before him the face of a quite young, fair-haired girl—sixteen, perhaps not more than fifteen, years old, pretty little face, but flushed and heavy looking and, as it were, swollen. The girl seemed hardly to know what she was doing; she crossed one leg over the other, lifting it indecorously, and showed every sign of being unconscious that she was in the street.
Raskolnikov did not sit down, but he felt unwilling to leave her, and stood facing her in perplexity. This boulevard was never much frequented; and now, at two o'clock, in the stifling heat, it was quite deserted. And yet on the further side of the boulevard, about fifteen paces away, a gentleman was standing on the edge of the pavement. He, too, would apparently have liked to approach the girl with some object of his own. He, too, had probably seen her in the distance and had followed her, but found Raskolnikov in his way. He looked angrily at him, though he tried to escape his notice, and stood impatiently biding his time, till the unwelcome man in rags should have moved away. His intentions were unmistakable. The gentleman was a plump, thickly-set man, about thirty, fashionably dressed, with a high colour, red lips and moustaches. Raskolnikov felt furious; he had a sudden longing to insult this fat dandy in some way. He left the girl for a moment and walked towards the gentleman.
"Hey! You Svidrigaïlov! What do you want here?" he shouted, clenching his fists and laughing, spluttering with rage.
"What do you mean?" the gentleman asked sternly, scowling in haughty astonishment.
"Get away, that's what I mean."
"How dare you, you low fellow!"
He raised his cane. Raskolnikov rushed at him with his fists, without reflecting that the stout gentleman was a match for two men like himself. But at that instant someone seized him from behind, and a police constable stood between them.
"That's enough, gentlemen, no fighting, please, in a public place. What do you want? Who are you?" he asked Raskolnikov sternly, noticing his rags.
Raskolnikov looked at him intently. He had a straight-forward, sensible, soldierly face, with grey moustaches and whiskers.
"You are just the man I want," Raskolnikov cried, catching at his arm. "I am a student, Raskolnikov.... You may as well know that too," he added, addressing the gentleman, "come along, I have something to show you."
And taking the policeman by the hand he drew him towards the seat.
"Look here, hopelessly drunk, and she has just come down the boulevard. There is no telling who and what she is, she does not look like a professional. It's more likely she has been given drink and deceived somewhere... for the first time... you understand? and they've put her out into the street like that. Look at the way her dress is torn, and the way it has been put on: she has been dressed by somebody, she has not dressed herself, and dressed by unpractised hands, by a man's hands; that's evident. And now look there: I don't know that dandy with whom I was going to fight, I see him for the first time, but he, too, has seen her on the road, just now, drunk, not knowing what she is doing, and now he is very eager to get hold of her, to get her away somewhere while she is in this state... that's certain, believe me, I am not wrong. I saw him myself watching her and following her, but I prevented him, and he is just waiting for me to go away. Now he has walked away a little, and is standing still, pretending to make a cigarette.... Think how can we keep her out of his hands, and how are we to get her home?"
The policeman saw it all in a flash. The stout gentleman was easy to understand, he turned to consider the girl. The policeman bent over to examine her more closely, and his face worked with genuine compassion.
"Ah, what a pity!" he said, shaking his head—"why, she is quite a child! She has been deceived, you can see that at once. Listen, lady," he began addressing her, "where do you live?" The girl opened her weary and sleepy-looking eyes, gazed blankly at the speaker and waved her hand.
"Here," said Raskolnikov feeling in his pocket and finding twenty copecks, "here, call a cab and tell him to drive her to her address. The only thing is to find out her address!"
"Missy, missy!" the policeman began again, taking the money. "I'll fetch you a cab and take you home myself. Where shall I take you, eh? Where do you live?"
"Go away! They won't let me alone," the girl muttered, and once more waved her hand.
"Ach, ach, how shocking! It's shameful, missy, it's a shame!" He shook his head again, shocked, sympathetic and indignant.
"It's a difficult job," the policeman said to Raskolnikov, and as he did so, he looked him up and down in a rapid glance. He, too, must have seemed a strange figure to him: dressed in rags and handing him money!
"Did you meet her far from here?" he asked him.
"I tell you she was walking in front of me, staggering, just here, in the boulevard. She only just reached the seat and sank down on it."
"Ah, the shameful things that are done in the world nowadays, God have mercy on us! An innocent creature like that, drunk already! She has been deceived, that's a sure thing. See how her dress has been torn too.... Ah, the vice one sees nowadays! And as likely as not she belongs to gentlefolk too, poor ones maybe.... There are many like that nowadays. She looks refined, too, as though she were a lady," and he bent over her once more.
Perhaps he had daughters growing up like that, "looking like ladies and refined" with pretensions to gentility and smartness....
"The chief thing is," Raskolnikov persisted, "to keep her out of this scoundrel's hands! Why should he outrage her! It's as clear as day what he is after; ah, the brute, he is not moving off!"
Raskolnikov spoke aloud and pointed to him. The gentleman heard him, and seemed about to fly into a rage again, but thought better of it, and confined himself to a contemptuous look. He then walked slowly another ten paces away and again halted.
"Keep her out of his hands we can," said the constable thoughtfully, "if only she'd tell us where to take her, but as it is.... Missy, hey, missy!" he bent over her once more.
She opened her eyes fully all of a sudden, looked at him intently, as though realising something, got up from the seat and walked away in the direction from which she had come. "Oh shameful wretches, they won't let me alone!" she said, waving her hand again. She walked quickly, though staggering as before. The dandy followed her, but along another avenue, keeping his eye on her.
"Don't be anxious, I won't let him have her," the policeman said resolutely, and he set off after them.
"Ah, the vice one sees nowadays!" he repeated aloud, sighing.
At that moment something seemed to sting Raskolnikov; in an instant a complete revulsion of feeling came over him.
"Hey, here!" he shouted after the policeman.
The latter turned round.
"Let them be! What is it to do with you? Let her go! Let him amuse himself." He pointed at the dandy, "What is it to do with you?"
The policeman was bewildered, and stared at him open-eyed. Raskolnikov laughed.
"Well!" ejaculated the policeman, with a gesture of contempt, and he walked after the dandy and the girl, probably taking Raskolnikov for a madman or something even worse.
"He has carried off my twenty copecks," Raskolnikov murmured angrily when he was left alone. "Well, let him take as much from the other fellow to allow him to have the girl and so let it end. And why did I want to interfere? Is it for me to help? Have I any right to help? Let them devour each other alive—what is to me? How did I dare to give him twenty copecks? Were they mine?"
In spite of those strange words he felt very wretched. He sat down on the deserted seat. His thoughts strayed aimlessly.... He found it hard to fix his mind on anything at that moment. He longed to forget himself altogether, to forget everything, and then to wake up and begin life anew....
"Poor girl!" he said, looking at the empty corner where she had sat—"She will come to herself and weep, and then her mother will find out.... She will give her a beating, a horrible, shameful beating and then maybe, turn her out of doors.... And even if she does not, the Darya Frantsovnas will get wind of it, and the girl will soon be slipping out on the sly here and there. Then there will be the hospital directly (that's always the luck of those girls with respectable mothers, who go wrong on the sly) and then... again the hospital... drink... the taverns... and more hospital, in two or three years—a wreck, and her life over at eighteen or nineteen.... Have not I seen cases like that? And how have they been brought to it? Why, they've all come to it like that. Ugh! But what does it matter? That's as it should be, they tell us. A certain percentage, they tell us, must every year go... that way... to the devil, I suppose, so that the rest may remain chaste, and not be interfered with. A percentage! What splendid words they have; they are so scientific, so consolatory.... Once you've said 'percentage' there's nothing more to worry about. If we had any other word... maybe we might feel more uneasy.... But what if Dounia were one of the percentage! Of another one if not that one?
"But where am I going?" he thought suddenly. "Strange, I came out for something. As soon as I had read the letter I came out.... I was going to Vassilyevsky Ostrov, to Razumihin. That's what it was... now I remember. What for, though? And what put the idea of going to Razumihin into my head just now? That's curious."
He wondered at himself. Razumihin was one of his old comrades at the university. It was remarkable that Raskolnikov had hardly any friends at the university; he kept aloof from everyone, went to see no one, and did not welcome anyone who came to see him, and indeed everyone soon gave him up. He took no part in the students' gatherings, amusements or conversations. He worked with great intensity without sparing himself, and he was respected for this, but no one liked him. He was very poor, and there was a sort of haughty pride and reserve about him, as though he were keeping something to himself. He seemed to some of his comrades to look down upon them all as children, as though he were superior in development, knowledge and convictions, as though their beliefs and interests were beneath him.
With Razumihin he had got on, or, at least, he was more unreserved and communicative with him. Indeed it was impossible to be on any other terms with Razumihin. He was an exceptionally good-humoured and candid youth, good-natured to the point of simplicity, though both depth and dignity lay concealed under that simplicity. The better of his comrades understood this, and all were fond of him. He was extremely intelligent, though he was certainly rather a simpleton at times. He was of striking appearance—tall, thin, blackhaired and always badly shaved. He was sometimes uproarious and was reputed to be of great physical strength. One night, when out in a festive company, he had with one blow laid a gigantic policeman on his back. There was no limit to his drinking powers, but he could abstain from drink altogether; he sometimes went too far in his pranks; but he could do without pranks altogether. Another thing striking about Razumihin, no failure distressed him, and it seemed as though no unfavourable circumstances could crush him. He could lodge anywhere, and bear the extremes of cold and hunger. He was very poor, and kept himself entirely on what he could earn by work of one sort or another. He knew of no end of resources by which to earn money. He spent one whole winter without lighting his stove, and used to declare that he liked it better, because one slept more soundly in the cold. For the present he, too, had been obliged to give up the university, but it was only for a time, and he was working with all his might to save enough to return to his studies again. Raskolnikov had not been to see him for the last four months, and Razumihin did not even know his address. About two months before, they had met in the street, but Raskolnikov had turned away and even crossed to the other side that he might not be observed. And though Razumihin noticed him, he passed him by, as he did not want to annoy him.


CHAPTER V


"Of course, I've been meaning lately to go to Razumihin's to ask for work, to ask him to get me lessons or something..." Raskolnikov thought, "but what help can he be to me now? Suppose he gets me lessons, suppose he shares his last farthing with me, if he has any farthings, so that I could get some boots and make myself tidy enough to give lessons... hm... Well and what then? What shall I do with the few coppers I earn? That's not what I want now. It's really absurd for me to go to Razumihin...."
The question why he was now going to Razumihin agitated him even more than he was himself aware; he kept uneasily seeking for some sinister significance in this apparently ordinary action.
"Could I have expected to set it all straight and to find a way out by means of Razumihin alone?" he asked himself in perplexity.
He pondered and rubbed his forehead, and, strange to say, after long musing, suddenly, as if it were spontaneously and by chance, a fantastic thought came into his head.
"Hm... to Razumihin's," he said all at once, calmly, as though he had reached a final determination. "I shall go to Razumihin's of course, but... not now. I shall go to him... on the next day after It, when It will be over and everything will begin afresh...."
And suddenly he realised what he was thinking.
"After It," he shouted, jumping up from the seat, "but is It really going to happen? Is it possible it really will happen?" He left the seat, and went off almost at a run; he meant to turn back, homewards, but the thought of going home suddenly filled him with intense loathing; in that hole, in that awful little cupboard of his, all this had for a month past been growing up in him; and he walked on at random.
His nervous shudder had passed into a fever that made him feel shivering; in spite of the heat he felt cold. With a kind of effort he began almost unconsciously, from some inner craving, to stare at all the objects before him, as though looking for something to distract his attention; but he did not succeed, and kept dropping every moment into brooding. When with a start he lifted his head again and looked round, he forgot at once what he had just been thinking about and even where he was going. In this way he walked right across Vassilyevsky Ostrov, came out on to the Lesser Neva, crossed the bridge and turned towards the islands. The greenness and freshness were at first restful to his weary eyes after the dust of the town and the huge houses that hemmed him in and weighed upon him. Here there were no taverns, no stifling closeness, no stench. But soon these new pleasant sensations passed into morbid irritability. Sometimes he stood still before a brightly painted summer villa standing among green foliage, he gazed through the fence, he saw in the distance smartly dressed women on the verandahs and balconies, and children running in the gardens. The flowers especially caught his attention; he gazed at them longer than at anything. He was met, too, by luxurious carriages and by men and women on horseback; he watched them with curious eyes and forgot about them before they had vanished from his sight. Once he stood still and counted his money; he found he had thirty copecks. "Twenty to the policeman, three to Nastasya for the letter, so I must have given forty-seven or fifty to the Marmeladovs yesterday," he thought, reckoning it up for some unknown reason, but he soon forgot with what object he had taken the money out of his pocket. He recalled it on passing an eating-house or tavern, and felt that he was hungry.... Going into the tavern he drank a glass of vodka and ate a pie of some sort. He finished eating it as he walked away. It was a long while since he had taken vodka and it had an effect upon him at once, though he only drank a wineglassful. His legs felt suddenly heavy and a great drowsiness came upon him. He turned homewards, but reaching Petrovsky Ostrov he stopped completely exhausted, turned off the road into the bushes, sank down upon the grass and instantly fell asleep.
In a morbid condition of the brain, dreams often have a singular actuality, vividness, and extraordinary semblance of reality. At times monstrous images are created, but the setting and the whole picture are so truth-like and filled with details so delicate, so unexpectedly, but so artistically consistent, that the dreamer, were he an artist like Pushkin or Turgenev even, could never have invented them in the waking state. Such sick dreams always remain long in the memory and make a powerful impression on the overwrought and deranged nervous system.
Raskolnikov had a fearful dream. He dreamt he was back in his childhood in the little town of his birth. He was a child about seven years old, walking into the country with his father on the evening of a holiday. It was a grey and heavy day, the country was exactly as he remembered it; indeed he recalled it far more vividly in his dream than he had done in memory. The little town stood on a level flat as bare as the hand, not even a willow near it; only in the far distance, a copse lay, a dark blur on the very edge of the horizon. A few paces beyond the last market garden stood a tavern, a big tavern, which had always aroused in him a feeling of aversion, even of fear, when he walked by it with his father. There was always a crowd there, always shouting, laughter and abuse, hideous hoarse singing and often fighting. Drunken and horrible-looking figures were hanging about the tavern. He used to cling close to his father, trembling all over when he met them. Near the tavern the road became a dusty track, the dust of which was always black. It was a winding road, and about a hundred paces further on, it turned to the right to the graveyard. In the middle of the graveyard stood a stone church with a green cupola where he used to go to mass two or three times a year with his father and mother, when a service was held in memory of his grandmother, who had long been dead, and whom he had never seen. On these occasions they used to take on a white dish tied up in a table napkin a special sort of rice pudding with raisins stuck in it in the shape of a cross. He loved that church, the old-fashioned, unadorned ikons and the old priest with the shaking head. Near his grandmother's grave, which was marked by a stone, was the little grave of his younger brother who had died at six months old. He did not remember him at all, but he had been told about his little brother, and whenever he visited the graveyard he used religiously and reverently to cross himself and to bow down and kiss the little grave. And now he dreamt that he was walking with his father past the tavern on the way to the graveyard; he was holding his father's hand and looking with dread at the tavern. A peculiar circumstance attracted his attention: there seemed to be some kind of festivity going on, there were crowds of gaily dressed townspeople, peasant women, their husbands, and riff-raff of all sorts, all singing and all more or less drunk. Near the entrance of the tavern stood a cart, but a strange cart. It was one of those big carts usually drawn by heavy cart-horses and laden with casks of wine or other heavy goods. He always liked looking at those great cart-horses, with their long manes, thick legs, and slow even pace, drawing along a perfect mountain with no appearance of effort, as though it were easier going with a load than without it. But now, strange to say, in the shafts of such a cart he saw a thin little sorrel beast, one of those peasants' nags which he had often seen straining their utmost under a heavy load of wood or hay, especially when the wheels were stuck in the mud or in a rut. And the peasants would beat them so cruelly, sometimes even about the nose and eyes, and he felt so sorry, so sorry for them that he almost cried, and his mother always used to take him away from the window. All of a sudden there was a great uproar of shouting, singing and the balalaïka, and from the tavern a number of big and very drunken peasants came out, wearing red and blue shirts and coats thrown over their shoulders.
"Get in, get in!" shouted one of them, a young thick-necked peasant with a fleshy face red as a carrot. "I'll take you all, get in!"
But at once there was an outbreak of laughter and exclamations in the crowd.
"Take us all with a beast like that!"
"Why, Mikolka, are you crazy to put a nag like that in such a cart?"
"And this mare is twenty if she is a day, mates!"
"Get in, I'll take you all," Mikolka shouted again, leaping first into the cart, seizing the reins and standing straight up in front. "The bay has gone with Matvey," he shouted from the cart—"and this brute, mates, is just breaking my heart, I feel as if I could kill her. She's just eating her head off. Get in, I tell you! I'll make her gallop! She'll gallop!" and he picked up the whip, preparing himself with relish to flog the little mare.
"Get in! Come along!" The crowd laughed. "D'you hear, she'll gallop!"
"Gallop indeed! She has not had a gallop in her for the last ten years!"
"She'll jog along!"
"Don't you mind her, mates, bring a whip each of you, get ready!"
"All right! Give it to her!"
They all clambered into Mikolka's cart, laughing and making jokes. Six men got in and there was still room for more. They hauled in a fat, rosy-cheeked woman. She was dressed in red cotton, in a pointed, beaded headdress and thick leather shoes; she was cracking nuts and laughing. The crowd round them was laughing too and indeed, how could they help laughing? That wretched nag was to drag all the cartload of them at a gallop! Two young fellows in the cart were just getting whips ready to help Mikolka. With the cry of "now," the mare tugged with all her might, but far from galloping, could scarcely move forward; she struggled with her legs, gasping and shrinking from the blows of the three whips which were showered upon her like hail. The laughter in the cart and in the crowd was redoubled, but Mikolka flew into a rage and furiously thrashed the mare, as though he supposed she really could gallop.
"Let me get in, too, mates," shouted a young man in the crowd whose appetite was aroused.
"Get in, all get in," cried Mikolka, "she will draw you all. I'll beat her to death!" And he thrashed and thrashed at the mare, beside himself with fury.
"Father, father," he cried, "father, what are they doing? Father, they are beating the poor horse!"
"Come along, come along!" said his father. "They are drunken and foolish, they are in fun; come away, don't look!" and he tried to draw him away, but he tore himself away from his hand, and, beside himself with horror, ran to the horse. The poor beast was in a bad way. She was gasping, standing still, then tugging again and almost falling.
"Beat her to death," cried Mikolka, "it's come to that. I'll do for her!"
"What are you about, are you a Christian, you devil?" shouted an old man in the crowd.
"Did anyone ever see the like? A wretched nag like that pulling such a cartload," said another.
"You'll kill her," shouted the third.
"Don't meddle! It's my property, I'll do what I choose. Get in, more of you! Get in, all of you! I will have her go at a gallop!..."
All at once laughter broke into a roar and covered everything: the mare, roused by the shower of blows, began feebly kicking. Even the old man could not help smiling. To think of a wretched little beast like that trying to kick!
Two lads in the crowd snatched up whips and ran to the mare to beat her about the ribs. One ran each side.
"Hit her in the face, in the eyes, in the eyes," cried Mikolka.
"Give us a song, mates," shouted someone in the cart and everyone in the cart joined in a riotous song, jingling a tambourine and whistling. The woman went on cracking nuts and laughing.
... He ran beside the mare, ran in front of her, saw her being whipped across the eyes, right in the eyes! He was crying, he felt choking, his tears were streaming. One of the men gave him a cut with the whip across the face, he did not feel it. Wringing his hands and screaming, he rushed up to the grey-headed old man with the grey beard, who was shaking his head in disapproval. One woman seized him by the hand and would have taken him away, but he tore himself from her and ran back to the mare. She was almost at the last gasp, but began kicking once more.
"I'll teach you to kick," Mikolka shouted ferociously. He threw down the whip, bent forward and picked up from the bottom of the cart a long, thick shaft, he took hold of one end with both hands and with an effort brandished it over the mare.
"He'll crush her," was shouted round him. "He'll kill her!"
"It's my property," shouted Mikolka and brought the shaft down with a swinging blow. There was a sound of a heavy thud.
"Thrash her, thrash her! Why have you stopped?" shouted voices in the crowd.
And Mikolka swung the shaft a second time and it fell a second time on the spine of the luckless mare. She sank back on her haunches, but lurched forward and tugged forward with all her force, tugged first on one side and then on the other, trying to move the cart. But the six whips were attacking her in all directions, and the shaft was raised again and fell upon her a third time, then a fourth, with heavy measured blows. Mikolka was in a fury that he could not kill her at one blow.
"She's a tough one," was shouted in the crowd.
"She'll fall in a minute, mates, there will soon be an end of her," said an admiring spectator in the crowd.
"Fetch an axe to her! Finish her off," shouted a third.
"I'll show you! Stand off," Mikolka screamed frantically; he threw down the shaft, stooped down in the cart and picked up an iron crowbar. "Look out," he shouted, and with all his might he dealt a stunning blow at the poor mare. The blow fell; the mare staggered, sank back, tried to pull, but the bar fell again with a swinging blow on her back and she fell on the ground like a log.
"Finish her off," shouted Mikolka and he leapt beside himself, out of the cart. Several young men, also flushed with drink, seized anything they could come across—whips, sticks, poles, and ran to the dying mare. Mikolka stood on one side and began dealing random blows with the crowbar. The mare stretched out her head, drew a long breath and died.
"You butchered her," someone shouted in the crowd.
"Why wouldn't she gallop then?"
"My property!" shouted Mikolka, with bloodshot eyes, brandishing the bar in his hands. He stood as though regretting that he had nothing more to beat.
"No mistake about it, you are not a Christian," many voices were shouting in the crowd.
But the poor boy, beside himself, made his way, screaming, through the crowd to the sorrel nag, put his arms round her bleeding dead head and kissed it, kissed the eyes and kissed the lips.... Then he jumped up and flew in a frenzy with his little fists out at Mikolka. At that instant his father, who had been running after him, snatched him up and carried him out of the crowd.
"Come along, come! Let us go home," he said to him.
"Father! Why did they... kill... the poor horse!" he sobbed, but his voice broke and the words came in shrieks from his panting chest.
"They are drunk.... They are brutal... it's not our business!" said his father. He put his arms round his father but he felt choked, choked. He tried to draw a breath, to cry out—and woke up.
He waked up, gasping for breath, his hair soaked with perspiration, and stood up in terror.
"Thank God, that was only a dream," he said, sitting down under a tree and drawing deep breaths. "But what is it? Is it some fever coming on? Such a hideous dream!"
He felt utterly broken: darkness and confusion were in his soul. He rested his elbows on his knees and leaned his head on his hands.
"Good God!" he cried, "can it be, can it be, that I shall really take an axe, that I shall strike her on the head, split her skull open... that I shall tread in the sticky warm blood, break the lock, steal and tremble; hide, all spattered in the blood... with the axe.... Good God, can it be?"
He was shaking like a leaf as he said this.
"But why am I going on like this?" he continued, sitting up again, as it were in profound amazement. "I knew that I could never bring myself to it, so what have I been torturing myself for till now? Yesterday, yesterday, when I went to make that... experiment, yesterday I realised completely that I could never bear to do it.... Why am I going over it again, then? Why am I hesitating? As I came down the stairs yesterday, I said myself that it was base, loathsome, vile, vile... the very thought of it made me feel sick and filled me with horror.
"No, I couldn't do it, I couldn't do it! Granted, granted that there is no flaw in all that reasoning, that all that I have concluded this last month is clear as day, true as arithmetic.... My God! Anyway I couldn't bring myself to it! I couldn't do it, I couldn't do it! Why, why then am I still...?"
He rose to his feet, looked round in wonder as though surprised at finding himself in this place, and went towards the bridge. He was pale, his eyes glowed, he was exhausted in every limb, but he seemed suddenly to breathe more easily. He felt he had cast off that fearful burden that had so long been weighing upon him, and all at once there was a sense of relief and peace in his soul. "Lord," he prayed, "show me my path—I renounce that accursed... dream of mine."
Crossing the bridge, he gazed quietly and calmly at the Neva, at the glowing red sun setting in the glowing sky. In spite of his weakness he was not conscious of fatigue. It was as though an abscess that had been forming for a month past in his heart had suddenly broken. Freedom, freedom! He was free from that spell, that sorcery, that obsession!
Later on, when he recalled that time and all that happened to him during those days, minute by minute, point by point, he was superstitiously impressed by one circumstance, which, though in itself not very exceptional, always seemed to him afterwards the predestined turning-point of his fate. He could never understand and explain to himself why, when he was tired and worn out, when it would have been more convenient for him to go home by the shortest and most direct way, he had returned by the Hay Market where he had no need to go. It was obviously and quite unnecessarily out of his way, though not much so. It is true that it happened to him dozens of times to return home without noticing what streets he passed through. But why, he was always asking himself, why had such an important, such a decisive and at the same time such an absolutely chance meeting happened in the Hay Market (where he had moreover no reason to go) at the very hour, the very minute of his life when he was just in the very mood and in the very circumstances in which that meeting was able to exert the gravest and most decisive influence on his whole destiny? As though it had been lying in wait for him on purpose!
It was about nine o'clock when he crossed the Hay Market. At the tables and the barrows, at the booths and the shops, all the market people were closing their establishments or clearing away and packing up their wares and, like their customers, were going home. Rag pickers and costermongers of all kinds were crowding round the taverns in the dirty and stinking courtyards of the Hay Market. Raskolnikov particularly liked this place and the neighbouring alleys, when he wandered aimlessly in the streets. Here his rags did not attract contemptuous attention, and one could walk about in any attire without scandalising people. At the corner of an alley a huckster and his wife had two tables set out with tapes, thread, cotton handkerchiefs, etc. They, too, had got up to go home, but were lingering in conversation with a friend, who had just come up to them. This friend was Lizaveta Ivanovna, or, as everyone called her, Lizaveta, the younger sister of the old pawnbroker, Alyona Ivanovna, whom Raskolnikov had visited the previous day to pawn his watch and make his experiment.... He already knew all about Lizaveta and she knew him a little too. She was a single woman of about thirty-five, tall, clumsy, timid, submissive and almost idiotic. She was a complete slave and went in fear and trembling of her sister, who made her work day and night, and even beat her. She was standing with a bundle before the huckster and his wife, listening earnestly and doubtfully. They were talking of something with special warmth. The moment Raskolnikov caught sight of her, he was overcome by a strange sensation as it were of intense astonishment, though there was nothing astonishing about this meeting.
"You could make up your mind for yourself, Lizaveta Ivanovna," the huckster was saying aloud. "Come round to-morrow about seven. They will be here too."
"To-morrow?" said Lizaveta slowly and thoughtfully, as though unable to make up her mind.
"Upon my word, what a fright you are in of Alyona Ivanovna," gabbled the huckster's wife, a lively little woman. "I look at you, you are like some little babe. And she is not your own sister either-nothing but a step-sister and what a hand she keeps over you!"
"But this time don't say a word to Alyona Ivanovna," her husband interrupted; "that's my advice, but come round to us without asking. It will be worth your while. Later on your sister herself may have a notion."
"Am I to come?"
"About seven o'clock to-morrow. And they will be here. You will be able to decide for yourself."
"And we'll have a cup of tea," added his wife.
"All right, I'll come," said Lizaveta, still pondering, and she began slowly moving away.
Raskolnikov had just passed and heard no more. He passed softly, unnoticed, trying not to miss a word. His first amazement was followed by a thrill of horror, like a shiver running down his spine. He had learnt, he had suddenly quite unexpectedly learnt, that the next day at seven o'clock Lizaveta, the old woman's sister and only companion, would be away from home and that therefore at seven o'clock precisely the old woman would be left alone.
He was only a few steps from his lodging. He went in like a man condemned to death. He thought of nothing and was incapable of thinking; but he felt suddenly in his whole being that he had no more freedom of thought, no will, and that everything was suddenly and irrevocably decided.
Certainly, if he had to wait whole years for a suitable opportunity, he could not reckon on a more certain step towards the success of the plan than that which had just presented itself. In any case, it would have been difficult to find out beforehand and with certainty, with greater exactness and less risk, and without dangerous inquiries and investigations, that next day at a certain time an old woman, on whose life an attempt was contemplated, would be at home and entirely alone.


CHAPTER VI


Later on Raskolnikov happened to find out why the huckster and his wife had invited Lizaveta. It was a very ordinary matter and there was nothing exceptional about it. A family who had come to the town and been reduced to poverty were selling their household goods and clothes, all women's things. As the things would have fetched little in the market, they were looking for a dealer. This was Lizaveta's business. She undertook such jobs and was frequently employed, as she was very honest and always fixed a fair price and stuck to it. She spoke as a rule little and, as we have said already, she was very submissive and timid.
But Raskolnikov had become superstitious of late. The traces of superstition remained in him long after, and were almost ineradicable. And in all this he was always afterwards disposed to see something strange and mysterious, as it were, the presence of some peculiar influences and coincidences. In the previous winter a student he knew called Pokorev, who had left for Harkov, had chanced in conversation to give him the address of Alyona Ivanovna, the old pawnbroker, in case he might want to pawn anything. For a long while he did not go to her, for he had lessons and managed to get along somehow. Six weeks ago he had remembered the address; he had two articles that could be pawned: his father's old silver watch and a little gold ring with three red stones, a present from his sister at parting. He decided to take the ring. When he found the old woman he had felt an insurmountable repulsion for her at the first glance, though he knew nothing special about her. He got two roubles from her and went into a miserable little tavern on his way home. He asked for tea, sat down and sank into deep thought. A strange idea was pecking at his brain like a chicken in the egg, and very, very much absorbed him.
Almost beside him at the next table there was sitting a student, whom he did not know and had never seen, and with him a young officer. They had played a game of billiards and began drinking tea. All at once he heard the student mention to the officer the pawnbroker Alyona Ivanovna and give him her address. This of itself seemed strange to Raskolnikov; he had just come from her and here at once he heard her name. Of course it was a chance, but he could not shake off a very extraordinary impression, and here someone seemed to be speaking expressly for him; the student began telling his friend various details about Alyona Ivanovna.
"She is first-rate," he said. "You can always get money from her. She is as rich as a Jew, she can give you five thousand roubles at a time and she is not above taking a pledge for a rouble. Lots of our fellows have had dealings with her. But she is an awful old harpy...."
And he began describing how spiteful and uncertain she was, how if you were only a day late with your interest the pledge was lost; how she gave a quarter of the value of an article and took five and even seven percent a month on it and so on. The student chattered on, saying that she had a sister Lizaveta, whom the wretched little creature was continually beating, and kept in complete bondage like a small child, though Lizaveta was at least six feet high.
"There's a phenomenon for you," cried the student and he laughed.
They began talking about Lizaveta. The student spoke about her with a peculiar relish and was continually laughing and the officer listened with great interest and asked him to send Lizaveta to do some mending for him. Raskolnikov did not miss a word and learned everything about her. Lizaveta was younger than the old woman and was her half-sister, being the child of a different mother. She was thirty-five. She worked day and night for her sister, and besides doing the cooking and the washing, she did sewing and worked as a charwoman and gave her sister all she earned. She did not dare to accept an order or job of any kind without her sister's permission. The old woman had already made her will, and Lizaveta knew of it, and by this will she would not get a farthing; nothing but the movables, chairs and so on; all the money was left to a monastery in the province of N——, that prayers might be said for her in perpetuity. Lizaveta was of lower rank than her sister, unmarried and awfully uncouth in appearance, remarkably tall with long feet that looked as if they were bent outwards. She always wore battered goatskin shoes, and was clean in her person. What the student expressed most surprise and amusement about was the fact that Lizaveta was continually with child.
"But you say she is hideous?" observed the officer.
"Yes, she is so dark-skinned and looks like a soldier dressed up, but you know she is not at all hideous. She has such a good-natured face and eyes. Strikingly so. And the proof of it is that lots of people are attracted by her. She is such a soft, gentle creature, ready to put up with anything, always willing, willing to do anything. And her smile is really very sweet."
"You seem to find her attractive yourself," laughed the officer.
"From her queerness. No, I'll tell you what. I could kill that damned old woman and make off with her money, I assure you, without the faintest conscience-prick," the student added with warmth. The officer laughed again while Raskolnikov shuddered. How strange it was!
"Listen, I want to ask you a serious question," the student said hotly. "I was joking of course, but look here; on one side we have a stupid, senseless, worthless, spiteful, ailing, horrid old woman, not simply useless but doing actual mischief, who has not an idea what she is living for herself, and who will die in a day or two in any case. You understand? You understand?"
"Yes, yes, I understand," answered the officer, watching his excited companion attentively.
"Well, listen then. On the other side, fresh young lives thrown away for want of help and by thousands, on every side! A hundred thousand good deeds could be done and helped, on that old woman's money which will be buried in a monastery! Hundreds, thousands perhaps, might be set on the right path; dozens of families saved from destitution, from ruin, from vice, from the Lock hospitals—and all with her money. Kill her, take her money and with the help of it devote oneself to the service of humanity and the good of all. What do you think, would not one tiny crime be wiped out by thousands of good deeds? For one life thousands would be saved from corruption and decay. One death, and a hundred lives in exchange—it's simple arithmetic! Besides, what value has the life of that sickly, stupid, ill-natured old woman in the balance of existence! No more than the life of a louse, of a black-beetle, less in fact because the old woman is doing harm. She is wearing out the lives of others; the other day she bit Lizaveta's finger out of spite; it almost had to be amputated."
"Of course she does not deserve to live," remarked the officer, "but there it is, it's nature."
"Oh, well, brother, but we have to correct and direct nature, and, but for that, we should drown in an ocean of prejudice. But for that, there would never have been a single great man. They talk of duty, conscience—I don't want to say anything against duty and conscience;—but the point is, what do we mean by them. Stay, I have another question to ask you. Listen!"
"No, you stay, I'll ask you a question. Listen!"
"Well?"
"You are talking and speechifying away, but tell me, would you kill the old woman yourself?"
"Of course not! I was only arguing the justice of it.... It's nothing to do with me...."
"But I think, if you would not do it yourself, there's no justice about it.... Let us have another game."
Raskolnikov was violently agitated. Of course, it was all ordinary youthful talk and thought, such as he had often heard before in different forms and on different themes. But why had he happened to hear such a discussion and such ideas at the very moment when his own brain was just conceiving... the very same ideas? And why, just at the moment when he had brought away the embryo of his idea from the old woman had he dropped at once upon a conversation about her? This coincidence always seemed strange to him. This trivial talk in a tavern had an immense influence on him in his later action; as though there had really been in it something preordained, some guiding hint....
________________________________________
On returning from the Hay Market he flung himself on the sofa and sat for a whole hour without stirring. Meanwhile it got dark; he had no candle and, indeed, it did not occur to him to light up. He could never recollect whether he had been thinking about anything at that time. At last he was conscious of his former fever and shivering, and he realised with relief that he could lie down on the sofa. Soon heavy, leaden sleep came over him, as it were crushing him.
He slept an extraordinarily long time and without dreaming. Nastasya, coming into his room at ten o'clock the next morning, had difficulty in rousing him. She brought him in tea and bread. The tea was again the second brew and again in her own tea-pot.
"My goodness, how he sleeps!" she cried indignantly. "And he is always asleep."
He got up with an effort. His head ached, he stood up, took a turn in his garret and sank back on the sofa again.
"Going to sleep again," cried Nastasya. "Are you ill, eh?"
He made no reply.
"Do you want some tea?"
"Afterwards," he said with an effort, closing his eyes again and turning to the wall.
Nastasya stood over him.
"Perhaps he really is ill," she said, turned and went out. She came in again at two o'clock with soup. He was lying as before. The tea stood untouched. Nastasya felt positively offended and began wrathfully rousing him.
"Why are you lying like a log?" she shouted, looking at him with repulsion.
He got up, and sat down again, but said nothing and stared at the floor.
"Are you ill or not?" asked Nastasya and again received no answer. "You'd better go out and get a breath of air," she said after a pause. "Will you eat it or not?"
"Afterwards," he said weakly. "You can go."
And he motioned her out.
She remained a little longer, looked at him with compassion and went out.
A few minutes afterwards, he raised his eyes and looked for a long while at the tea and the soup. Then he took the bread, took up a spoon and began to eat.
He ate a little, three or four spoonfuls, without appetite, as it were mechanically. His head ached less. After his meal he stretched himself on the sofa again, but now he could not sleep; he lay without stirring, with his face in the pillow. He was haunted by day-dreams and such strange day-dreams; in one, that kept recurring, he fancied that he was in Africa, in Egypt, in some sort of oasis. The caravan was resting, the camels were peacefully lying down; the palms stood all around in a complete circle; all the party were at dinner. But he was drinking water from a spring which flowed gurgling close by. And it was so cool, it was wonderful, wonderful, blue, cold water running among the parti-coloured stones and over the clean sand which glistened here and there like gold.... Suddenly he heard a clock strike. He started, roused himself, raised his head, looked out of the window, and seeing how late it was, suddenly jumped up wide awake as though someone had pulled him off the sofa. He crept on tiptoe to the door, stealthily opened it and began listening on the staircase. His heart beat terribly. But all was quiet on the stairs as if everyone was asleep.... It seemed to him strange and monstrous that he could have slept in such forgetfulness from the previous day and had done nothing, had prepared nothing yet.... And meanwhile perhaps it had struck six. And his drowsiness and stupefaction were followed by an extraordinary, feverish, as it were distracted haste. But the preparations to be made were few. He concentrated all his energies on thinking of everything and forgetting nothing; and his heart kept beating and thumping so that he could hardly breathe. First he had to make a noose and sew it into his overcoat—a work of a moment. He rummaged under his pillow and picked out amongst the linen stuffed away under it, a worn out, old unwashed shirt. From its rags he tore a long strip, a couple of inches wide and about sixteen inches long. He folded this strip in two, took off his wide, strong summer overcoat of some stout cotton material (his only outer garment) and began sewing the two ends of the rag on the inside, under the left armhole. His hands shook as he sewed, but he did it successfully so that nothing showed outside when he put the coat on again. The needle and thread he had got ready long before and they lay on his table in a piece of paper. As for the noose, it was a very ingenious device of his own; the noose was intended for the axe. It was impossible for him to carry the axe through the street in his hands. And if hidden under his coat he would still have had to support it with his hand, which would have been noticeable. Now he had only to put the head of the axe in the noose, and it would hang quietly under his arm on the inside. Putting his hand in his coat pocket, he could hold the end of the handle all the way, so that it did not swing; and as the coat was very full, a regular sack in fact, it could not be seen from outside that he was holding something with the hand that was in the pocket. This noose, too, he had designed a fortnight before.
When he had finished with this, he thrust his hand into a little opening between his sofa and the floor, fumbled in the left corner and drew out the pledge, which he had got ready long before and hidden there. This pledge was, however, only a smoothly planed piece of wood the size and thickness of a silver cigarette case. He picked up this piece of wood in one of his wanderings in a courtyard where there was some sort of a workshop. Afterwards he had added to the wood a thin smooth piece of iron, which he had also picked up at the same time in the street. Putting the iron which was a little the smaller on the piece of wood, he fastened them very firmly, crossing and re-crossing the thread round them; then wrapped them carefully and daintily in clean white paper and tied up the parcel so that it would be very difficult to untie it. This was in order to divert the attention of the old woman for a time, while she was trying to undo the knot, and so to gain a moment. The iron strip was added to give weight, so that the woman might not guess the first minute that the "thing" was made of wood. All this had been stored by him beforehand under the sofa. He had only just got the pledge out when he heard someone suddenly about in the yard.
"It struck six long ago."
"Long ago! My God!"
He rushed to the door, listened, caught up his hat and began to descend his thirteen steps cautiously, noiselessly, like a cat. He had still the most important thing to do—to steal the axe from the kitchen. That the deed must be done with an axe he had decided long ago. He had also a pocket pruning-knife, but he could not rely on the knife and still less on his own strength, and so resolved finally on the axe. We may note in passing, one peculiarity in regard to all the final resolutions taken by him in the matter; they had one strange characteristic: the more final they were, the more hideous and the more absurd they at once became in his eyes. In spite of all his agonising inward struggle, he never for a single instant all that time could believe in the carrying out of his plans.
And, indeed, if it had ever happened that everything to the least point could have been considered and finally settled, and no uncertainty of any kind had remained, he would, it seems, have renounced it all as something absurd, monstrous and impossible. But a whole mass of unsettled points and uncertainties remained. As for getting the axe, that trifling business cost him no anxiety, for nothing could be easier. Nastasya was continually out of the house, especially in the evenings; she would run in to the neighbours or to a shop, and always left the door ajar. It was the one thing the landlady was always scolding her about. And so, when the time came, he would only have to go quietly into the kitchen and to take the axe, and an hour later (when everything was over) go in and put it back again. But these were doubtful points. Supposing he returned an hour later to put it back, and Nastasya had come back and was on the spot. He would of course have to go by and wait till she went out again. But supposing she were in the meantime to miss the axe, look for it, make an outcry—that would mean suspicion or at least grounds for suspicion.
But those were all trifles which he had not even begun to consider, and indeed he had no time. He was thinking of the chief point, and put off trifling details, until he could believe in it all. But that seemed utterly unattainable. So it seemed to himself at least. He could not imagine, for instance, that he would sometime leave off thinking, get up and simply go there.... Even his late experiment (i.e. his visit with the object of a final survey of the place) was simply an attempt at an experiment, far from being the real thing, as though one should say "come, let us go and try it—why dream about it!"—and at once he had broken down and had run away cursing, in a frenzy with himself. Meanwhile it would seem, as regards the moral question, that his analysis was complete; his casuistry had become keen as a razor, and he could not find rational objections in himself. But in the last resort he simply ceased to believe in himself, and doggedly, slavishly sought arguments in all directions, fumbling for them, as though someone were forcing and drawing him to it.
At first—long before indeed—he had been much occupied with one question; why almost all crimes are so badly concealed and so easily detected, and why almost all criminals leave such obvious traces? He had come gradually to many different and curious conclusions, and in his opinion the chief reason lay not so much in the material impossibility of concealing the crime, as in the criminal himself. Almost every criminal is subject to a failure of will and reasoning power by a childish and phenomenal heedlessness, at the very instant when prudence and caution are most essential. It was his conviction that this eclipse of reason and failure of will power attacked a man like a disease, developed gradually and reached its highest point just before the perpetration of the crime, continued with equal violence at the moment of the crime and for longer or shorter time after, according to the individual case, and then passed off like any other disease. The question whether the disease gives rise to the crime, or whether the crime from its own peculiar nature is always accompanied by something of the nature of disease, he did not yet feel able to decide.
When he reached these conclusions, he decided that in his own case there could not be such a morbid reaction, that his reason and will would remain unimpaired at the time of carrying out his design, for the simple reason that his design was "not a crime...." We will omit all the process by means of which he arrived at this last conclusion; we have run too far ahead already.... We may add only that the practical, purely material difficulties of the affair occupied a secondary position in his mind. "One has but to keep all one's will-power and reason to deal with them, and they will all be overcome at the time when once one has familiarised oneself with the minutest details of the business...." But this preparation had never been begun. His final decisions were what he came to trust least, and when the hour struck, it all came to pass quite differently, as it were accidentally and unexpectedly.
One trifling circumstance upset his calculations, before he had even left the staircase. When he reached the landlady's kitchen, the door of which was open as usual, he glanced cautiously in to see whether, in Nastasya's absence, the landlady herself was there, or if not, whether the door to her own room was closed, so that she might not peep out when he went in for the axe. But what was his amazement when he suddenly saw that Nastasya was not only at home in the kitchen, but was occupied there, taking linen out of a basket and hanging it on a line. Seeing him, she left off hanging the clothes, turned to him and stared at him all the time he was passing. He turned away his eyes, and walked past as though he noticed nothing. But it was the end of everything; he had not the axe! He was overwhelmed.
"What made me think," he reflected, as he went under the gateway, "what made me think that she would be sure not to be at home at that moment! Why, why, why did I assume this so certainly?"
He was crushed and even humiliated. He could have laughed at himself in his anger.... A dull animal rage boiled within him.
He stood hesitating in the gateway. To go into the street, to go a walk for appearance' sake was revolting; to go back to his room, even more revolting. "And what a chance I have lost for ever!" he muttered, standing aimlessly in the gateway, just opposite the porter's little dark room, which was also open. Suddenly he started. From the porter's room, two paces away from him, something shining under the bench to the right caught his eye.... He looked about him—nobody. He approached the room on tiptoe, went down two steps into it and in a faint voice called the porter. "Yes, not at home! Somewhere near though, in the yard, for the door is wide open." He dashed to the axe (it was an axe) and pulled it out from under the bench, where it lay between two chunks of wood; at once, before going out, he made it fast in the noose, he thrust both hands into his pockets and went out of the room; no one had noticed him! "When reason fails, the devil helps!" he thought with a strange grin. This chance raised his spirits extraordinarily.
He walked along quietly and sedately, without hurry, to avoid awakening suspicion. He scarcely looked at the passers-by, tried to escape looking at their faces at all, and to be as little noticeable as possible. Suddenly he thought of his hat. "Good heavens! I had the money the day before yesterday and did not get a cap to wear instead!" A curse rose from the bottom of his soul.
Glancing out of the corner of his eye into a shop, he saw by a clock on the wall that it was ten minutes past seven. He had to make haste and at the same time to go someway round, so as to approach the house from the other side....
When he had happened to imagine all this beforehand, he had sometimes thought that he would be very much afraid. But he was not very much afraid now, was not afraid at all, indeed. His mind was even occupied by irrelevant matters, but by nothing for long. As he passed the Yusupov garden, he was deeply absorbed in considering the building of great fountains, and of their refreshing effect on the atmosphere in all the squares. By degrees he passed to the conviction that if the summer garden were extended to the field of Mars, and perhaps joined to the garden of the Mihailovsky Palace, it would be a splendid thing and a great benefit to the town. Then he was interested by the question why in all great towns men are not simply driven by necessity, but in some peculiar way inclined to live in those parts of the town where there are no gardens nor fountains; where there is most dirt and smell and all sorts of nastiness. Then his own walks through the Hay Market came back to his mind, and for a moment he waked up to reality. "What nonsense!" he thought, "better think of nothing at all!"
"So probably men led to execution clutch mentally at every object that meets them on the way," flashed through his mind, but simply flashed, like lightning; he made haste to dismiss this thought.... And by now he was near; here was the house, here was the gate. Suddenly a clock somewhere struck once. "What! can it be half-past seven? Impossible, it must be fast!"
Luckily for him, everything went well again at the gates. At that very moment, as though expressly for his benefit, a huge waggon of hay had just driven in at the gate, completely screening him as he passed under the gateway, and the waggon had scarcely had time to drive through into the yard, before he had slipped in a flash to the right. On the other side of the waggon he could hear shouting and quarrelling; but no one noticed him and no one met him. Many windows looking into that huge quadrangular yard were open at that moment, but he did not raise his head—he had not the strength to. The staircase leading to the old woman's room was close by, just on the right of the gateway. He was already on the stairs....
Drawing a breath, pressing his hand against his throbbing heart, and once more feeling for the axe and setting it straight, he began softly and cautiously ascending the stairs, listening every minute. But the stairs, too, were quite deserted; all the doors were shut; he met no one. One flat indeed on the first floor was wide open and painters were at work in it, but they did not glance at him. He stood still, thought a minute and went on. "Of course it would be better if they had not been here, but... it's two storeys above them."
And there was the fourth storey, here was the door, here was the flat opposite, the empty one. The flat underneath the old woman's was apparently empty also; the visiting card nailed on the door had been torn off—they had gone away!... He was out of breath. For one instant the thought floated through his mind "Shall I go back?" But he made no answer and began listening at the old woman's door, a dead silence. Then he listened again on the staircase, listened long and intently... then looked about him for the last time, pulled himself together, drew himself up, and once more tried the axe in the noose. "Am I very pale?" he wondered. "Am I not evidently agitated? She is mistrustful.... Had I better wait a little longer... till my heart leaves off thumping?"
But his heart did not leave off. On the contrary, as though to spite him, it throbbed more and more violently. He could stand it no longer, he slowly put out his hand to the bell and rang. Half a minute later he rang again, more loudly.
No answer. To go on ringing was useless and out of place. The old woman was, of course, at home, but she was suspicious and alone. He had some knowledge of her habits... and once more he put his ear to the door. Either his senses were peculiarly keen (which it is difficult to suppose), or the sound was really very distinct. Anyway, he suddenly heard something like the cautious touch of a hand on the lock and the rustle of a skirt at the very door. Someone was standing stealthily close to the lock and just as he was doing on the outside was secretly listening within, and seemed to have her ear to the door.... He moved a little on purpose and muttered something aloud that he might not have the appearance of hiding, then rang a third time, but quietly, soberly, and without impatience, Recalling it afterwards, that moment stood out in his mind vividly, distinctly, for ever; he could not make out how he had had such cunning, for his mind was as it were clouded at moments and he was almost unconscious of his body… An instant later he heard a series of quick footsteps cascading downwards off the fifth floor. A lean young man in a brown leather jacket ran down the stairs in a blind rush, his distracted gaze chasing the rapid movement of his own feet. He seemed not to have noticed Raskolnikov at all and consequently bumped right into him, despite the hallway being wide enough to accommodate four men. The young man proffered a mumbled apology and raced downwards. Within seconds he had descended the staircase and exited the building.


Chapter vii


Immediately upon hitting the street, the young man’s precipitation evaporated, leaving him wafted along by the undulating gauze of a languid drift. He walked the street indifferent, thinking his nothing thoughts, paying no attention to the self-busied rodomontade of the proud, dusty city around him. Suddenly he noticed his own polluted reflection in a muddy puddle he was in the midst of stepping in. His fascinated mid-motion stop for an unhurriedly analytic glare disrupted the puddle’s dirt-dusky mirroring of him. He was inexplicably disgusted with the puddle’s ungenerous interpretation of him and could not blame it completely on its being situated at a cruel, acute angle below him (after all, the Riefenstahl pov, if anything, flattered the nazis), so he took off his brown leather jacket, threw it away and continued his walk unencumbered by its brown horridness. A few moments later he remembered that his wallet and worker’s permit were inside the brown jacket; he shrugged off the realisation and walked on. Then he remembered that his favourite ivory comb was also in the brown jacket: he rushed back, picked up the brown jacket, extracted the comb from an inner pocket, inspected the yellow-tinted artefact for damage, put it in his shirt pocket, dropped the brown jacket and carried on down the street. His street. He felt the street was his now, seeing as though he had marked it and sacrificed to it. Street of the Browncoat. Former Browncoat – he’d no more coat, brown or otherwise chromed. Wallet and permit were both left inside the discarded brown jacket.
The day was malodorously past its use by date at this point, and yet the human effluvia sweeping down the street would not abate. Garrulous neighbours and discontented tradesmen crawled onto the sidewalk to trade outraged anecdotes and declining sales numbers, seasonally tweaked to give the speaker the right to appear that extra bit more indignant and vicissitudally mistreated than his interlocutor. Hundreds of bacterial concerns vied for attention behind every window pane, and it furnished the former browncoat with indelible satisfaction to stroll through this onslaying sea of worries and tribulations that could neither touch nor infect him, obligated to part before his careless step and make way for his hydrophobic laziness. Sometimes though he was curious what it would be like to drown in such quotidian preoccupations, to have life itself perform the thankless labour of supplying him with pressing topics for thought and conversation instead of his normal modus operandi, which consisted in his probing the profundities of futile quirk and aberrant ipsissimosity for matters to occupy the ingrate mind. All those extraneous people had life itself to fret about and, for the most part, could afford to cede the faculty of creativity-against-boredom to the idle rich and the self-palsifying members of the intelligentsia; they had but to disjoin their eyelids in the morning and without any conscious effort on their part they would be presented, nay, flooded by life itself with myriad trivial tasks to perform and minuscule goals to achieve and prosaic dreams to prostitute. As for the browncoat, he had long since excised a solid majority of his lifeitself-attuned organs.
He reached the end of the street, which subtly narrowed into the main alley of an articulate if unremarkable little park. He had no wish to enter it, he did not want to turn either left or right and he was rather certain it would not agree with his desires to go back. In fact he grew slightly suspicious, because he had no recollection of his initial reasons for exiting his flat and adopting this particular direction down this particular street. He then tried to coax himself into entering the park and admiring the charming little birds, but he failed, promptly and unspectacularly. Resigned to the infelicities of his consciential divagations, he aligned his back against the right half of the main gate, now open and unsecured, and climbed onto it by sliding his arms and legs in between the ornate railings. The metallic leaves and avian structures in frozen overflight scratched him if he attempted too ambitious a movement, but otherwise his position was stable. The two halves of the gate opened away from the green, presently forming a straight angle with the rest of the fence that enclosed the park. The maximum arc of each described a 180 degree angle from closed to open and aligned against the fence. So the browncoat leaned outwards, swung his unremarkable bulk to the best of his ability and tried to imbue his half of the gate with a leftward movement, thereby pushing the gate against the fence and leaving half of the entrance archway completely open. He negotiated his attempts as adroitly as his unformed instincts would allow, but could not impress any motion more impressive than an half-dozen centimetres upon the gate, and even these advances were saccadic and mutually sabotaging: whenever he tried to push on and prolong his meagre progress mid-movement, the gate and he along with it were somehow sent screechingly backwards. Stranded and impuissant, he finally cheated by planting his left foot on the ground some ten or fifteen centimetres ahead of the rest of his person and using it to propel the entirety of his under-oiled alliance with the skeletal machine forward. Three such grappling motions were sufficient to gain the momentum required of the gate to make its way to the awaiting fence. Mere milliseconds before contact, the browncoat extended his left leg fully so that his sole came up against the fence a good half meter before the now impetuous gate, bent his leg slightly so as to minimise resistance, and when his sole was firmly and fully supported by the fence, pushed himself backward as hard as he could. This sent the gate flying back toward the entrance archway at an alarming if nonlethal velocity; as it reached its closed position it negotiated – poorly – a violent stop that left it clanging and vibrating, the savage attack on the rusty hinges resonating wildly in all directions. The intrepid rider failed to safeguard his head properly, so the force of the impact not only produced a not wholly painless encounter with the gate bars he was holding onto, but also wedged his head securely between two such inhospitable bars. All efforts to dislodge this his least prized possession were resolutely insolvent, and rather unpleasant on his temples to boot; pushing the metal rods laterally outwards was of course beyond his mortal powers. Thankfully he still had the proper use of his limbs, so he once again applied his left foot to achieve forward motion. The gate was long enough that he had sufficient manœuvring space to give it a more than adequate speed; this time he did not cushion and ultimately subvert the gate’s tackling of the fence with his left foot but let nature take its sadistic course. His torso and mildly protruding stomach, sandwiched between the gate and the inexpugnable fence, suffered the full brunt of the collision, which deprived him of breath for a good five seconds, but also freed his head from between the bars.
As soon as he could ascertain the continuing performance by his bodily functions of their many rightful duties, he mounted the gate once again and, careful to position the centre of the back of his skull against a single bar so that it would absorb fully the shock of the abrupt stop without depriving him of immediate mobility, proceeded to repeat the exercise. This he ultimately did again and again and again, for five hours on end. Every once in a while his left foot failed to find the fence railings as it sought to reverse the gate’s movement from closed to lined against the fence; it would slip between the rods and the browncoat would have to deaden the metal’s crunch using his own modestly fleshsewn appurtenances. One may have expected him to laugh maniacally upon completion of a cycle but he was utterly silent, issuing only the occasional automaton grunt if a landing was clumsily addressed and inconvenienced his head or chest more than could be reasonably expected of an onrushing multiple-tonne mass of steel that employed him as its willing cushion. It did not even occur to the browncoat in his reverie how strange it was that there were no visitors to a popular centrally located park in the breezy vespertine hours of a pleasant latesummer day, or that none had been attracted by the expansively impatient clangour he produced without fail every two minutes. but both the browncoat and i knew that all gates are holy
It was almost eleven o’clock when he finally realized that he was now free to enter the park. He vacillated awhile but ponderousness never quite suited him so he walked in and headed for its geometrical centre, the focal point whence all alleys and treelines sprung. He found there a large statue of boris godunov. Its æsthetic merits were naturally risible, but it had at least to recommend it the good sense of not being an equestrian depiction. The sovereign was instead immortalised in the midst of a lively conversation with a chamber pot; he was holding it to eye level and unleashing what appeared to be a fuming, vitriolic argument against some unsatisfactory aspect or another of the chamber pot’s performance. It was unclear whether the latter was making any attempt to defend itself; however, as a general principle one does not argue with an enraged tsar. It was equally unclear whether the chamber pot had been voided of its contents or indeed whether it had at any recent point been made to operate qua chamber pot; unless one intended to mount the shoulders of the ten-foot statue and find out, even a regular passer-by with above mediocre alpinist abilities could only speculate as to the history of the chamber pot and the nature of its conflict with the despot. The browncoat surrounded the statue thrice, at a leisurely pace and without overly focusing on the details of the craftwork. He then paused behind it and gave the centre of the pedestal a stalwart push. This opened up a narrow and musky tunnel the browncoat did not hesitate to conquer. The unlit passageway spiralled downwards for a few minutes and led him to a series of linearly arranged underground chambers. The second of these was illuminated by multiple candles; in it he saw a man and a woman. Both were respectably and expensively dressed, though a couple of seasons behind the latest fashion. The woman lay supine, her hands and feet completely tied up: there seemed to be more rope than limb coiling around her. She was intermittently shaken by a succession of decidedly inæsthetic convulsions; they became progressively shier in both intensity and recurrence. The browncoat could only conclude that she had been recently sedated and these were the last remnants of her rather endearing resistance to the paralysis. The man seemed in no hurry as he waited for the convulsions to die out completely. As soon as the convulsions finally complied, he flipped the woman over so her deadened gaze would point upwards and produced a single ak-47 bullet from his coat pocket and rested it, sharp end downwards, on the centre of the woman’s forehead. He persisted in pushing and slapping and beating the bullet in with his palm until it had made a minor, wholly negligible indentation but by this time his palm was bleeding all over the bullet and the woman’s forehead, immixing itself with the more modest crimson rivulets spawned by the battered forehead and generally making it harder to ascertain the extent of the wound he was apparently trying to inflict on her. As the hole in the forehead was still not big enough for the bullet to be lodged safely in and remain balanced, the man then placed his foot on the bullet and applied the full force of his metal-heeled boot. Violently. Repeatedly. When an approximate three fifths of the bullet’s length had entered the woman’s skull, the man produced an hammer and struck at the bullet’s flat base as hard as he seemingly could (although he had been sweating heavily for some time now, so perhaps the browncoat’s impressions were mendacious); the fleshmuted impact did not fail to produce a minor deflagration. The browncoat left the tunnels at this point and reëmerged in the middle of the park. He decided he had no interest in returning home so off he went, foraging for a new home to abandon unfailingly the very next day. Also he would have liked to purchase a loaf of bread but was afraid few of his customary bakeries would serve him at this highly original time of night.


Chapter vii


And then the young man shrugged off his withering indecisiveness and marched on, up the stairs, to his fifth storey apartment. 
Vulgarians, he heard a shrill someone yell, vulgarians the whole sodding lot of them. He paid these wronged words no heed. The shrill someone may have been a dog barking and suffering the distance for the night’s amusement.
Diaphana. He had a tapestry of argentate diaphana to cleave through on his way up to his fifth storey apartment, and they slowed him down and sped him up and played him up and down and made it generally difficult to situate and adapt oneself spatially. He was confused and his breast heaved but he was not in pain. The browncoat did not interrupt his ascent and still swerved ably past the doors and the railings lining his passage, avoiding catastrophe with his third eye alone, until that wasn’t enough and a dark rude boy on the corridor took advantage of the browncoat’s politeness to unleash a savage tackleblow to his chest.
The eruption of violence scared him and woke him up and, quivered by ungentle instinct, he ran up the stairs as fast as he could and locked himself up in his fifth storey apartment. These unorthodox athletic exertions demanded their toll on him immediately, and the browncoat slid halfway to the floor, his back against the bolted door, breathing heavily and slowly regaining control against the diaphana and the violence. Then his breath came back and he stood up laboriously and undressed. It had been an hard day. Browncoat then turned around and laughed at the old man, gurgling and coughing up cooking oil out of his mouth and nostrils as he laughed. The old man sighed resignedly at this signature of petulance steadily inking browncoat’s oily body and, tired of his little notebook that was tiring his old hands, slipped it into a random thick dusty tome off his recently unpeopled bookshelf (the old woman had taken many of his favourite volumes when she left him). Browncoat was stung by the insect suspicion that the notebook did not actually belong to the old man, not in natural right, but this feeling, as always, was too slippery and his position far too tenuous to articulate into forceful argument. The old man naturally took note of browncoat’s noetic acrobatics and, airing his uncombed mane in disapproval, seemed to change his mind about the notebook; he walked back to the bookshelf and extracted the notebook with unhurried dignity from its transitory book-lined sarcophagus. He scribbled a few casual words inside, taking his time and fully absorbed by the calligraphic challenge he had set himself. When he was done, he looked up to browncoat, who saw that something was expected of him and reluctantly poured a voluminous bottle of oil all over his head and inside his shirt and inside his pants. He did not omit his back or his two-sizes-too-large shoes and ensured a uniform distribution of oil across his lean body. The old man smiled at this and wrote inside the notebook more words. In defiant reply browncoat dropped to the floor and rolled across the entirety of the very spacious living room; the floor was so filthy that when he got up he had acquired a thick crust of aggregated dust and variegated refuse, close in species to cigarette butts and parts of soiled napkins and sunflower seeds and the ancient contents of carelessly overturned spittoons. He then lit a match and attempted to set fire to his person, but curiously his new coat of dust was dense enough to render him immune to the attractions of the tiny greedy flame; even his hair resisted the match’s overtures. He tried more matches but none could burst through. The old man smiled once more and added a few more words to the notebook’s silent vault; browncoat wasted no time in ripping out an healthy couple of fistfuls of hair that previously had been endorsing his left temple. The disciplined, short black hairs naturally stuck to browncoat’s oily hands in ways that tickled him and made his palms and the small well stretched platforms of skin between his fingers feel uncomfortable and unclean and quite uncleanable, at least for the time being. His hands had been the cleanest part of him, since when he had rolled around the floor he had kept them neatly stuck to his sides. The old man stubborned on, determined to remain unimpressed, and inducted his shortest entry yet into his little notebook. The browncoat reacted almost instinctively by slapping himself as hard as he could. The oil on his left palm caressed his cheek and it seemed as though the only points of resistance between the two were the little hairs still stuck to his palm; he felt them bend and coil and etch their ugly microscopic scratches into the skin of both his palm and his left cheek. Browncoat proceeded to rub the left part of his neck while the old man appeared to cross out furiously everything he had written and replace it with a new text. The new scribbling was dense and explosive and the old man carried on with verve and visible steaming passion. Then he fullstopped just as suddenly as he had begun and replaced the little notebook in one of his jacket’s many inner pockets. Rabid over the cessation of the actofwriting, browncoat tried to slap the old man as hard as he had just slapped himself, but immediately discovered he was unable to lift his hand against the old man. At this the old man shrugged and said
‘if you had a fuckin brain youd be dangerous.’
‘if you had a fuckin brain youd be dangerous,’ the browncoat wittily retorted and immediately started chuckling at the irrepressible vim of his quick parry. The chuckle gradually cataracted into a full-throated laugh that seemed to require what pathetic little was left of his unassuming vital forces. This went on for a good couple of minutes, but he ultimately interrupted his Olympian laughter to inform the old man that he, the old man, doesn’t understand anything, that he never understands anything, but that he used to, back when the brownback was innocent. Awaiting the old man’s answer he even forgot to resume laughing.
The old man asked him:
‘you love these bottom-feeder bitches dont you.’
The brownback was impassive for a few moments, and only afterwards did he laugh heartily, passing gall stones as he laughed. This laughter was a delayed, retarded reaction, but not to the old man’s remark but to the old woman’s death. The old woman had died.
The old woman had died, the old man explains, precisely because of
‘her decadent lifestyle of doing lines of cremated men actual cremated men and also that pointless cunt consumed four and not 5 helpings of fruit per day.’
Browncoat thought this was funny, but he did not think this was funny immediately upon hearing it. Immediately upon hearing it said he thought nothing of it, he thought it was nothing. The old man had an exquisite coprophagic rictus surgically imprinted on his otherwise blandenough physiognomy as he said it. As he pointed out that the old woman’s death had been a fitting conclusion to her ‘decadent lifestyle’.
The old man and the old woman had been fighting on Œdipal matters.
And the woman died in the old man’s eyes also, and in her eyes no more words were written, and in his eyes no more words were written also.
The old woman stopped screaming and patiently she threw herself out of the window, the window to her fifth storey apartment, and she landed on a cardboard police car, with cardboard police officers around it, and the cardboard police car had been waiting for the old woman and the cardboard police officers got in and the cardboard police car drove off, the old woman still splattered onto the hood. An half-empty syringe protruded from the small of her marble back.
The old woman was old but she had been much younger than the old man, who had been still screaming at her when she jumps out of the window. It had been a fierce ancient argument with the old woman, who was younger than he but nevertheless looked more ancient than even the old man.
The old man stood tall and tremulous before the browncoat, his flowing gray beard writhing quietly like a satisfied serpent around the breathless Laocoön. His face was a dark stab. A face like a stabbing.
The old man and brownback had desired the old woman both. But now – or then – the old woman was dead, the old man rejoiced and smiled using everything from his navel to his Adam’s apple to the wrinkles on his ponderous forehead. The brownback had witnessed a primal scene but preferred not to think of it in those terms. He wanted to slit the old man’s throat so the old man would smile with his neck also, but as usual he didn’t.
The old woman had died many times before. She was often found dead – and quite drunk – in two places at the same time. But this was different. The old man had never smiled after the old woman died before. He knew, and brownback trusted his judging.
Brownback could talk to the old woman easily, he never had trouble expressing his doubts and annoyances to her, and felt she had always understood him even when he failed to express himself in a cogent manner. And he failed to express himself with great regularity. He could never really talk to the old man, because he was scared of the little notebook; although the old man would normally tuck and slide the little notebook away when browncoat came near him, browncoat always felt the little notebook, and he always knew it was there. The little notebook did not understand him like the old woman did, or perhaps it understood him so much better than the old woman – or anyone else browncoat knew, and he did not all in all know so many anyone elses. Regardless, he did not like the little notebook, and he often thought of asking the old woman to hide it or burn it or throw it down the black tubes or make a gift of it to another old man or old woman (there were always many, many old anothers around brownback). But he just as often thought the old woman did not even know of the little notebook’s existence, or that she did not even know what it was for. This persuaded him to keep quiet and respect the old ones’ silence.
And then the old man talked to him
‘reality is and always will be simply a minor hobby of mine.
‘you yourself may be reality, or you may not. i knownot.
‘know thou therefore that truly i am tremulous, and ticklish, with anticipation. astound me.’
But browncoat did not answer. He didn’t know what he could have said, or what was expected of him. He was quite certain that in fact, nothing whatever was expected of him, as always.
The old man paused awhile, systematically effacing the dribbling smile off his face. But the old woman’s death would not wear off him so quickly, so the mutilated smile survived in the darker knots and whiter cruds and drier crevices of his old, cruel lips, the ones his speared tongue could not reach or scratch so easily.
‘you cuntish, anosognosic insect. i hope you perish in a burst of miasma and pisspuddles.
‘but yours is also an intelligent, thoughtful beauty. it is languorous and softly intelligent, like a calculated violence bred of flame and the whore rationality.
‘i flatter you, i deceive you, there are very few rational things going on about you.
‘i have known ye for many years, known ye well but not like i know Him. 
‘but his rod hath made god in my belly, his rod be made god in my (secret) cunt.
‘fertile and black like the nile, i respond to the gods prayer, and this brings black ink to my eyes and lips.
‘ink for the notebook, or notebook for the ink.
‘inkdrips sometimes, but this is good since (even) it is art.
‘but you freefloat, and refuse to think because it is vulgar, and your concepts answer only to the contingencies of your unbroken whim.
‘you artless becunted factotum. you cannot speak, you cannot do, you cannot destroy, you do nothing.
‘float and observe, float and observe, ‘tis all you ever do. float around yourself, crawling with lovely young thoughtlets, yet you abort them all and settle on burning their corpses and inspiring the ashes.
‘i have a parable of ash for your ashthoughts. think on it.
‘a man scattering urn of ashes of friendwife into sea or off high  
cliff. wind blowing against him, breath of the sea carrying long- 
forgotten curses, daring him. 
‘he opens the urn and tosses the ashes  
free against the wind. they fly back and hurricaneengulf him speeding around him and snaking as if  
the ash were one, snaking into his mouth and pockets and ears and creaks and  
grinding his biological clock to a ruminative halt. like sand wedged  
between the teeth, like a sandslap trapped on his face. 
‘he eats and  
spits his friendwife and his coat is chameleon gray and the wind is  
not even laughing. hidden, he escapes in an envelope of gray and  
writes himself into an undelivered letter. (in) wet ash. he writes in wet ash. never  
delivered. ashwet. 
‘he coughs his friendwife and tears him out of his  
sockets and drops the urn with the clear white label on it and drives  
home.’
At this the old man ceased his clawing, and hissed himself into a comfortable silence. Brownback hadn’t an inkling of the old man’s intentions or reproaches, but he realized he was not needed in the fifth storey apartment anymore. He only thought about the phrase ‘drive home’ and laughed at its pointed futility. He laughed at the pointed futility of something or other most days, unlike the old man, who only ever laughed when the old woman became a mermaid to the cardboard of the police car, and that had come into being but once.
No he did not. In truth, the browncoat in times out of mind, times all and one, hardly laughed at anything at all.
So the brownback exited the tunnels of his former fifth storey apartment and emerged into the day and forgot to be blinded by it and forgot the word home. He had never known how to use it properly, so it did not strike him as the gravest loss he could incur at this point in this young brown life.


Chapter vii


And so no one would offer the mendicant pair the humblest shelter, and the villagers would either ignore them or dart an angry apology of not having enough room or food. And only when they walked to the outskirts of the settlement, to the smallest and unpretentiousmost of huts, did they find a bed to spend the night and some bread and cheese to sate their inexistent hunger. The hut belonged to an exceedingly old couple whose antediluvian faces stored equally antediluvian smiles, stomped onto their faces like a soldier’s boot; the old man and the old woman were animated by altruism and propped upright solely by the will to kindness. And so they offered the vagrants their best wine and toiled to catch their only chicken, a faithful cockerel almost as old as they, in order to serve the guests some fresh meat, and bent their not-so-ductile-anymore backs to wash the visitors’ feet and gave them the best beds in the hut, whereas the hosts would spend the night on the floor, wrapped in a disintegrating goat skin. And upon this display of inhuman hospitality the two peregrines revealed themselves toward the mourning and said unto the old couple
And then he suddenly and violently choked on a blessed wafer and one of the other patrons of the trattoria called him a shallow puddle of invertebrate nullity for no reason whatever and tossed an earthen jug at the head of the browncoat’s companion and it missed but only by a few inches and that was only because the attempts to dislodge the wafer had contorted his the companion’s body into unusually plastic and morbidly variant dispositions which did not favour contact with the airborne jug. The browncoat himself wondered where his companion had gotten a sacramental wafer this time of hell, but suppressed the rising question in a gurgle of wine deep in his throat because he knew it wasn’t interesting enough to waste his ineptly inebriated and incurious breath on.
And the companion told the browncoat that he knew the browncoat did not like to drink at all and that he particularly execrated wine so it was his honest companion’s conversational and moral duty to ask brownback why he was at present drinking good vigorous peasant wine so vigorously. Browncoat hesitated over whether he should confide in his companion but he couldn’t remember whether he had known his companion for a year or for an hour and this struck him as illuminatingly amusing since he wasn’t in effect at all drunk. In the end he tossed a mental coin and could visualise it spinning in the mental air perfectly but could not for the life of him the browncoat’s or companion’s it didn’t much matter get the coin to remain the same self-coherent coin and effect a continuous motion with a beginning and a clearly identifiable end and land properly on one single mental side or the other and reveal which side it had landed on so brownback could use the mental coin toss to settle the delicate matter of confiding in his either newfound or severely long-run companion.
And the mental formulation of the decision had now been obscured as a process to such an extravagant extent that brownback decided to eschew the whole irritating matter and instead picked a leisurely fight with the companion over his companion’s use of the ambiguous term ‘conversational and moral duty’. Companion tried to whisk the fight away by explaining patiently that he was merely speechifying and being bombastic but brownback would have none of it and engaged the companion in endless dialectical arm wrestling, which immediately bored companion so cadaverous that he discourteously told browncoat to shut the fuck up and proceeded to tell another story so as to waft away the hungry rot of ethics. He was apparently directing the story at brownback but hadn’t positioned his disorganized length so as to meet the brownback face to face and a neutral observer of neutral sobriety would have been forgiven for thinking companion was telling the story for the benefit of all the patrons of the trattoria.
The story was ideally suited for a group of materially oppressed, uneducated Russians of modest lucidity, since it cruelly and cleanly exposed the unscalable peaks of American stupidity (the browncoat thought his companion had rather diminished the effect by announcing immediately what his story was about and what conclusions its listeners should draw from it but nevermind it may have been a fancy trick he couldn’t fully comprehend at that time so say on). An obese impotent American, desperately self-conscious, decides to develop a drug habit (heroin) in order to lose weight and gain a pretext for not being able to get hard. The junk promptly kills the extra weight, and via a perversion of this individual’s chemical balance gives him a weakened non-threatening version of priapism. He’s never been happier or more self-realized. He then goes on to make a sizable fortune selling obese Americans an easy and novel approach to weight loss and giving heroin addicts a fresh new raison d’avoir été and a stupendous reason for feeling superior to the uniform locked-in-suffering soft plump masses of the sober populace jailed in uninterrupted consciousness that surround the addicts with their squishy arms and ever-discontented mutantwatermelon stomachs. Since he isn’t selling drugs directly to his customers he is able to invoke the right of free speech and further drivel to evade both prison and censorship and moreover, he is never high at predictable times, so counter-intuitively the authorities never manage to dart a charge of possession that would stick to him (and besides now he’s so thin practically invisible they’d never hit him anyway those myopic fucks walk genuinely through him and not realize it). He writes an hit autobiography whose nodal idea is that his existence is a living monument to the specifically and idiosyncratically American interpretation of freedom and self-creation. Since his ghost-writer is a pre-fame and inexplicably impoverished and therefore despondently desperate David Foster Wallace, it gets a Pulitzer and a National Book Award for originality of subversive thought – or subversiveness of original thought, the companion can’t be bothered to remember.
And it wasn’t that companion-and-browncoat’s fellow drinkers weren’t David Foster Wallace fans – they absolutely adored David Foster Wallace –, but many of them had important business stakes in the distribution of aforementioned weight loss accelerator to the many fitness enthusiasts of Ligovskii Prospekt. Which is why they thought the companion’s moral fable cut a little too close to their well-fleshed bones; they therefore produced their modestly spiked kastets and facilitated companion’s exit from the premises at a velocity he would have rightfully thought unattainable through his feeble, alcohol-dissipated efforts alone. Brownback, although he had no conceivable reason for remaining in the tavern, attempted to reason with the diligent mob by pointing out that he wasn’t even certain how long he had known his companion, if at all, and had no discernible association with said companion; but his arguments, as always, were found logically dissonant by his febrile audience.
And companion was disheartened by these events and accused browncoat of having caused the entire chain through his ill will or false consciousness or ressentiment, which consisted in the browncoat consuming large amounts of wine despite abominating wine to no small or tolerable certainty; and to render the situation even more unpalatable, browncoat wasn’t the least bit drunk. And since companion lacked a good nature to prevail on him in such delicately balanced moments, he displayed the full might of his ire against the brownback by relating yet another story, one that featured the companion himself as its protagonist.
He, companion, had been attending a very chic soirée hosted by a very chic she-Amphitryon (the browncoat wondered why companion couldn’t have employed the simpler hostess, or better yet Alcmene, but realized at once that the former was too anodyne, and the latter too charged with inappropriate sexual possibility) on the highest floor under the open night of a very chic Peterburg hotel. As the drinks grew more plentiful and the night more experimental, a particularly surly young coxcomb boarded companion’s circle and asked companion why he, companion, had to monopolise the ultimately limited available attention, glamour and precious female favours with such an iron fist. Companion did not appreciate the coxcomb’s aggressive monotone and told him so, to which the coxcomb replied that the wielder of the irreverently panned monotone had within him the full potential of striking companion permanently atonal through the premature extraction of the latter’s impudent vocal chords. Companion could not stand for such societally corrosive effrontery and proceeded to pummel coxcomb into whimpering submission, not before gallantly requesting of a pert young thing on his left to keep his drink cold while companion dealt with a soon-to-be-severely-endangered nuisance. As one sublimely effulgent punch left coxcomb entangled in the ornamental red velvet rope placed along the edges of the roof to keep sense-debilitated partygoers safe, companion used it to strangle his opponent, only intermittently allowing him a few seconds of breathing so as not to curtail his own methodical fun. He then tied a knot around coxcomb’s neck and threw him off the building, only catching the velvet rope in his recently denigrated iron fist at the last minute; this savvy manœuvre left coxcomb dangling by his neck, about a dozen metres below the rooftop and, by avaricious estimate, at least twenty five metres above the street. To further coxcomb’s humiliation, companion fastened his end of the rope to his own erect penis, and proceeded to perform a few hundred penile lifts which simulated the effect of a comically miscalculated bungee jump for the unfortunate coxcomb. It was a genuine miracle that neither the twelve meter fall, brutally interrupted by the coxcomb’s neck bones, nor the repeated penial-powered agitations managed to kill him outright; moreover, he eventually succeeded in extricating himself from the knot around his neck and commenced an arduous climb up the velvet rope. Given his extreme state of inner turbulence, it was probably forgivable that he could not very well contain a barrage of painstakingly unoriginal curses directed at companion’s entire genealogy, with a particularly scathing spotlight cast on the libidinal liberality of its female half. Companion, being an affable man of the world, had by that time obliterated his antipathy towards coxcomb and was fully willing to pardon him at the low cost of forcing the danglee to regain the rooftop without any assistance from companion; this also struck him as a gentlemanly manner of allowing coxcomb to preserve some rudimentary, if quantitatively negligible, form of dignity. It was not to be, however, since the increasingly audible imprecations with which the latter persistently deluged companion’s grandmother had the discomfiting effect of forcing companion to entertain images of numerous male anonymities simultaneously pleasuring his 93 year old grand-maman in ways heretofore implausible even to companion’s highly experienced and easily inflamed imagination. These lubricious anti-fantasies were of a nature to induce a rapid relapse into shrivelled timidity of companion’s normally fortitudinous member; and since the knot in the velvet rope by which it was secured depended wholly on its fulcrum’s generously engorged girth, the rope soon lost its anchor to the top of the building and the final effect of this bizarre sequence of events was coxcomb’s immediate encounter with a sidewalk not as easily taunted into flaccidity as companion’s most prized possession.
And browncoat was baffled enough by this story to inquire as to its relevance to his and companion’s current situation, a situation which openly was neither good nor bad, since all that had happened was that they had been ejected quite recently from a mediocre tavern neither of them wanted to be in particularly. As companion boiled in silent exasperation, the browncoat went so far as to express his budding doubts regarding the anecdote’s veracity. The companion insisted he would not stand for such apostasy and immediately expended the few gales of breath not consumed by the autos-da-fé of his indignation in launching a vehement argument in support of storytelling for storytelling’s sake, the nuances of which glided past the brownback in his fascination with the lawless mobility of companion’s succession of kaleidoscopic facial expressions. Narrative was king, he learned, as well as field marshal and courtesan and court jester, and its multitude was apt to fulfill each and every obligation art silently assumes before man who inevitably finds himself before art in all and any of its guises. Before in the sense of ‘in front of’ and not ‘above’ or ‘preceding temporally’ or ‘ranking himself higher than’, companion emphasised for fear browncoat would select the wrong valence of ‘before’ as his meaning. In paintingmusicdancesculptureevenarchitectureofcourseliteratureandhellwhynotreality, narrative was the backbone and the lifeline, the clay skeleton and the bloodied mana, the pulsation of life and the sinking earth under the marble coffin. He wanted to illustrate his belief by gifting the browncoat with the purest and sweetest incarnation narrative had ever blossomed into, and he wanted to do it immediately so as not to run out of puff.
And there had been a childless king, and despite his best efforts he could not prolong his line through intersection with any queen or princess or remedial herb and so on and so forth and the brave son ventured into the wild with his faithful brother and his ludicrously fidelious wife, and the invulnerable demon king receives word of the wife’s beauty, and through intricate traps and idiotic female frailty the hero’s wife is abducted, and the hero takes great pains to weave an ironclad alliance with a nation of party-loving monkeys, and the monkeys’ own hero scouts the demon’s kingdom and unleashes great destruction there at little to no cost to his own simian well-being, and the two armies plus the monkeys inevitable gear up for war, and upon the battlefield the hero meets the 
And the companion tripped over the outstretched leg of a sleeping beggar and he vociferates his disdain of the current state of alleys in the historical centre of a once great city and the beggar now fully awakened makes no reply but gets up and jumps onto companion’s back and issues a series of rapid and exceedingly well-executed stabs of his switchblade to companion’s chest. She gracefully jumps off him as his the companion’s slender, improbable construction topples to the ground, paints a final diagonal slash across his now quiescent lips and finally goes back to sleep in her original location.
And browncoat did not quite know what to make of the situation and he thought it would be best to bury companion before the police or other ruffians located the body because that would cause an investigation and news reports and scandals and debates over the public’s safety and companion would surely have deplored all the fuss. So he tried to carry the body to the nearest refuse dump, but as he did not wish to soak his own clothes in the companion’s blood he couldn’t carry him on his back and so he tried to drag him by his disproportionately long legs but this too proved too cancerous an inconvenience since the companion was far too heavy and dragging him forced brownback to adopt an half-arched position that was far too cruel on his own delicate back. Thus did the browncoat leave the open-hearted companion lying in an alley with his monkeys and sleeping beggars and walk on, reticently wiping his palms clean against the rugged brick walls of the cheap buildings on either side of the companion’s final alleyway.


Chapter vii.


And the brownback walked soulless among the many rival geometries of the city, and its necromancers enticed him with myriad layered putrescences and pouches of skulldust ground of the skulls of great men liberated from history’s yoke by the ætherial lightness of the dust great men who merely happened to be large of crania and he came across a lecherous little alley shunned by lanterns and streetlights alike, and there he stopped to breathe the dust out of his cheeks. The alley’s only ornaments worthy of receiving the regally silver benedictions of frozen moons and saddened stars were its many puddles, wherein fecund particles of mud danced around the moon and stars to present their dark, earthy homage.
And browncoat paid no mind to such arrogant natural effervescence as he abhorred kant and he looked instead on the pride and glory of humanity’s bosom two freshly faced six-to-seven year old boys plump of arm and betaken of juvenile jocularity. The boys were as of yet unburdened with ABCs and odes to the motherland and cared not five kopeks of Zeus’s infidelities or the happy beauty of a broken nutcracker. They were both dressed in black and were distinguishable only by the fact that the slightly bigger of the pair cuddled a strong beard of strong black that kissed the perpetually renewed scars on his exposed knees. He also bore proudly a moustache and a fur helmet and a quartet of accentuated well-spun forelocks that templed his temples and softly played with his portly white-rimmed glasses. The other boy had a Jewish nose and very small ears. They sat on the sidewalk and sipped together of a serious book. They pointed out passages to one another and made shy, cluttered notes on the ungenerous margins. Their eyes and faces moved across the lines in absolute synchronicity and not once did one of them have to wait for the other to finish or reread the paragraph so he could turn the page. Upon finishing a strenuously engaging chapter the bearded child abandoned the book, kneeled in front of the by now fully vertical proboscis’d boy, lowered the latter’s playground shorts and absorbed his impatient and delicately miniaturised spear into his mouth. The larger of the boys sacrificed with his softest aperture before the god of the pike for a good half hour without receiving any empyrean pollutions for his assiduity, but his efforts did not abate and his enthusiasm only matured into a spectacular and infinite variety of velvet-tongued magics and improvisations. The receiver of tributes had opened the serious book once more by this point, and held it with his left hand just above his midriff, and read from it in his deep, scarred voice while his right hand stood suspended above the serious book’s open pages, his thumb entwined at the fingertips with his little finger and his ring finger while his index finger and his middle finger protruded upwards with great rigidity. Upon reaching a word to which he could not lend a correct pronunciation, or a passage to which he could not offer an unclouded, penetrant mind, he called on the bearded boy to suspend his offerings awhile, and to look up to the receptacle child’s face. As their mater dolorosa gazes clashed, the upright boy absolutely karamazoved and slashed at the bearded boy’s faces with the sharp gilded edges of the serious book and started clobbering his head with the serious book as hard as was conceivable for a seven year old to do under relatable circumstances. The four-locked child did not accept this treatment passively for long, and he disarmed his assailant of the serious book with promptness and proficiency and from the first pages of a chapter on personal hygiene extracted an unused izmel in perfect condition. Meek blade in hand, he made a wild lunge at his opponent’s throat, but the blow was so powerfully built up it sacrificed mobility and adaptability, and so the powerful blow was easily dodged by the smaller boy, who took advantage of the ensuing disorientation to knock off the larger boy’s shtreimel with a swift backhand that also left the larger boy’s left cheek red and humiliated. From the lost shtreimel the smaller boy pulled out a rustily grinning machete that was longer than his arm and twice as wide. But as always in implausible cinematic combat, it is somehow inevitably the fighter facing the superior weapon that inexplicably profits from it by immediately gaining the upper hand as soon as said superior weapon is brought into play against him; this savage brawl was no different and, after a sequence of ferocious gashes and knees to the crotch that left the bearded boy nigh beardless and the smaller boy nigh shorter by an head or two, the fierce warriors locked arm and blade one last time and the quicker of the two was the larger boy and the larger boy lost his perfectly new izmel to the silenced depths of the smaller boy’s throat. The smaller boy dropped his machete – a deeply satisfying clang could not fail to emanate as the blade scratched the sidewalk – and fell flat on his back. The playful streamlets of blood singing mute songs from the silence of his throat disposed themselves organically, like the darkest skeletal lines of a perfectly dried autumn leaf, desiccated beyond color, nature, fiction. The smaller boy told the larger boy in victory that he, the smaller boy, was committing menticide, and all that had transpired had transpired following closely and faithfully the course and lifeline of his own will. The larger boy pillowed the dying smaller boy’s head using the serious book, but the smaller boy spat it out, for he would have none of it when it truly mattered. Hearing this, the larger boy was enraged, and so he picked up from the dirty street the two metres of black beard the smaller boy had severed off him during their earlier fracas, and he tied the black beard thrice around the dying smaller boy’s mouth so he would stop saying things the larger boy could not understand. He then attempted to offer penance and relight the fire of the altar to which he had so fervently and ably sacrificed mere minutes earlier, but the flame was playful and would not come back regardless of the skill vested in the larger boy’s seductions. To this the larger boy had nothing to say, so he became mute also. Thus did he think on his fight with the smaller, hatless boy, and he screamed that he felt guilty over surviving; who was the serious book to arm him and steel him and whisper him and ensure he survived, he demanded to know in his childish tongue.
And the brownback drew no pleasure listening inner debates neither wise nor witty, for another man’s casuistry or heuristic was a drunken torch in the wooden barn of brownback’s conversational twinning with him, even and especially should said man be a young boy unable to sin, and this was given down unto them by the law. And he silverwalked in the moonlight instants long and wistful, all so the screaming kid would shut the fuck up, or at least stop shouting and start sobbing, since sobbing is quieter than shouting.
upon reflecting further it has been decided both boys should be six. six years old the two of them, producing a total of 12 years and change. and one of them will stay six for a long long time
And browncoat sleepran inside the morning and he stopped by an house with an open window where he heard a man tell a woman that she smelled like cock and morning breath after she had bestowed upon him an half-heartedhalf-forced morning blowjob. And he sleepran past morning people with faces like photocopies, thin and washèd-washable. The people moved in one way and the people moved in the other way, one direction and the other direction, and tall people in a short building were doing push-ups 99 98 97 96 94 93 92 91, and so it went, and short people were drinking tall cups of coffee and paper, and the paper broke from the coffee and floated in the coffee and in the paper, and all of it all of this did not, most definitely did not, lead to something old something fierce.
And browncoat climbed into a cab and snuggled and told the cabbie to drive to anywherever and the cabbie listened and drove and then the cabbie dropkicked brownback off in front of the city courthouse. And many people were walking up the courthouse steps all courthouses must have steps and lots of them and a nice view off their courthouse steps so people can go on saying courthouse steps and go on thinking about courthouse steps and the view and what a lovely imageëxpression courthouse steps makes. And the browncoat did not forget the view. 
And all the people walking up the steps carried gavels and there was not a rotting soul to be seen among them without a gavel, confidently manipulated in their left or sometimes their right hands. And the begavelled people stopped occasionally and pounded on the steps using their gavels and sometimes crashed their gavels atop each other’s heads and some thought this was funny and some thought it, musical and lyrical and there, were great orchestras of a great and many gavels and people blew into the,ir gavels and fiddled their gavels and plucked at, their gavels; and the noise of the courthouse steps thought the brownback something old and something fierce. And brownback simply thought (:) something old something fierce.
And the browncoat and other people knew no night but their mournings were for their sleep and of their dreaming.
And of course the browncoat knew it would be anticlimactic for him not to walk into the courthouse of punishment at this point and the idea smiled him but he forgot to backsmile so he walked into the courthouse.
And of course something was going on in the main courtroom. A scene was being rolled out like a red carpet the cleaner sent back uncleaned because it was too large and too cheap and unwieldy. Although it was early mourning, the jury of twelve had already clicked on a verdict. It may even have been the same verdict but no one knows, not really, and that is for history to judge anyway. For the jury of twelve liked the verdict. Also they liked the concept of verdict. And jury and defendant and public, they all rose when someone said all should rise but without the should since it didn’t seem that optional. And the Greek chorus addressed the defendant directly but left him curiously nameless, maybe it had forgotten or the defendant had forgotten his name or perhaps not, and it enumerated the many charges the defendant had faced down valiantly and eloquently over the few insignificant preceding seconds when the browncoat and his parasites hadn’t been there in the courtroom, and all were solemn. And the Greek chorus asked the jury whether they had boarded a verdict, and the twelve people in the jury of twelve were naturally very well-behaved and completely silent, their silence was very disciplined and the jury said nothing for over ten minutes. So the defendant, who was already up and bored of it, adopted a pompous stance and stood higher and declared that the defendant finds the jury guilty as charged on all counts. And everyone exchanged alarmed looks, but no one was genuinely surprised since everyone verily had agreed this was what this trial had been racing calamitously towards since the very beginning. And the defendant sat down and he was wearing an unsurprising orange jumper and he rose again and manœuvred his shackled hands into the inner pocket on the left side of his orange jumper with great difficulty, produced a smallish handgun and shot each of the twelve assholes in the head twelve times. Eleven freeform and a single proverichniy between the globes. People in the stands seemed uncomfortable and some decried the lack of separation of the judiciary and the executionary branches, but they did so in hushed banter and in a manner that made it clear they didn’t think they knew better, it was just a friendly outraged suggestion ‘twasall. Before people could exhaust their bored conversations and disperse, the orange jumper identified the person with the largest gavel in the courtroom, commandeered said precious gavel and giddyup rode out of the courthouse, leaving of course an heady trail of fetters and falsetto.

And there he, brownback, was, the paced cutter. Although he had never cut anyone in his life. Life all fancy and proper popper pauper sorry properly capitalized made him chuckle but he thought it inappropriate although it wasn’t and so he didn’t laugh.
and the old man (had) said
‘you are hereby found guilty of being a cliché’


Chapter vii


Bam ba-bam ba-bam bang bang bang. Bang. Ultraviolence up in there. And so they killt they and took all they shit. They just killed they and took they shit and walked off and aint no they done a goddam thing. No nunnah they.
And they didn’t do nuthin cos they knew they only had beef with the rest of they and all they downtown was safe, so they let they play and act they issues out among theyselves as long as they kept that shit to theyselves in they own fuckin backyard. Population cunt-roll, motherfuckers, self-amministirred and voluntry, population of undesirables.
And they left the crazy they behind by speeding up they walk. They was walking down the street at night, as usual, as was they custom, and they was carrying out they usual observational futilities, thinking they self away in they nothing thoughts. And then they stepped fullweight into a clump of shit that almost had they performing a 360 degree spin in shit, like a fan hitting the shit and losing it, but they found stepping in a clump of shit in they best shoes a funny occurrence so they started laughing and laughing without even thinking they should have stepped out of the clump of shit unless they wanted to claim that land in they name, claim that shit in the name of they. So there they was, all upright and afoot in the clump of shit, could really say it was they clump of shit now for all they marking they territory, laughing away like a motherfucker.
And then a nasty wind blew out, and the wind blew the clump of shit and they smell into they nose, and as obtrusively amusing as standing fullweight in a clump of shit was, the wind took they illusions away. So they immediately stepped out of the shit and wiped they olden shoes against the sidewalk. After adorning the sidewalk with several unintelligible symbols carved out in shit that later generations may or may not found a new hermeneutic on, they walked on and thought they had done all they could to prepare theyselves to be found by or go up against things that go bumpbump in the night. So to this purpose they walked into a great hall of merriment famous for drowning many a putsch in disassembled motricity, a crispate monument to the quintessential finding that the strongest baddest Russianmost limb coördination was soluble, upon insistence, in even the cheapest of Petrograd ales.
And they chose they tavern and the tavern was open and they were tossing drinks in the air and the most vertical of they would jump up and flop they tails and catch the drinks between they teeth and land safely without spilling any or too much of they drink, for they now could refer to it legitimately as they drink, having worked for it, having earned they drink, having extracted it from irrefutable doom by catching it in midair. And they bumped against they and they wouldn’t apologise and they shoved they back and they made they spill they drink and they drink was sacred to any and all they so they put they drink down and feign calm before welding they fists onto they jaws and they knew better because they fist to they jaw ensured an almost equal distribution of both pain and permanent damage to they selves and they other they. And they would come bursting through the they and asking what the fuck was they doing and why was they writhing on the floor, massaging they jaw and losing track of they feet, and they told they to stay the fuck away, this not being none of they fucking business, and they knew this was the signal to pop they cork and let they loose and they whistled they asses off when they would see in the morning what they’d done to they who got in they face. But that was for the mourning, now they was herding towards the back because they couldn’t hear they very well near the bar, and the back tables had been arranged circularly to create a well-lit single level coliseum and in the arena they was ceaselessly pummelling they for they bland aping of Western fads and for they bringing and working Western thought in places in beautiful places irreconcilable with they mongrel continental essence. And they wouldn’t take they shit lying down, and they lamented they cuntry’s occlusion and narrow-mindedness and incapability of seeing they glorious future clearly, for they cherished and worshipped and burned candles to they own blinders, and to they small gods in they own blinders, and they was particularly proud of they well conjured image. But the blow to they argument was superficial, but before issuing they counter they was blindsided by they vicious attack, and they refused to accept any of they pre-masticated wisdoms and they world had to burn and from they ashes an order of purity and intellect and beauty, and they was off they rocker and they knew it, and all they knew it. And not even they subsection would support they drunken walk to utopia, and they promptly told they so, because, as opposed to they, who was cowardly, they theyself refused to assign a finality to they thirst for destruction, for only they destruction was pure and beautiful to they, and they would not soil it with they pretentious and messianic notion of they salvation and reward in the aftermath of they eruption. And naturally they was having none of it, they enlightenment extended no further than the beam of they flashlight or they own burning hairpiece as far as they was concerned, what they ignored and neglected to they extreme loss in cogency was they unshakeable, holy bond to they fatherland and miraculous survival of they purity they entailed, ‘twasn’t they rationality or they fashionability that would propel they Russia into they vision of they Russia, and they Russians, but they good-natured simpleness, and no use for they slimy French word when they had they good old-fashioned Russian word, and they faith and they great Russian soul that defeated death, and their connection to they land which they called they duty. They was beautiful, they screamed, they papers would sell like they mother’s virginity in they next rust of morning, and they preened and bore closer to they and asked they politely to repeat and rephrase and simplify and digest what they’d said in one short phrase, they own short phrase of course but it wouldn’t hurt to implement some of they wordmagic in they service of they greater good no, and they needed more bang, and by they god they’d get it. And they bemoaned the confusion in they line of argument and disputation, no filling out they proper form with they foam and verve and rancid ad hominems, and how would they deliver they they proper concise and clear, that’s what they paid they they wages for wasn’t it, report, if all they did was yammer, and if they refused to submit to they own protocol, which they selves they ratified in one of they better days. And they sat near they friends and laughed in they French beards about they nerve and sad lack of they form and where they kept they manners was beyond they, and such a dreadful bore with they never a new thought or a novel interpretation for they, always they beautiful causes and they beautiful soul and they beautiful structure and they beautiful lines and they beautiful death and they beautiful boom, they was all hopeless was they not of course they was but they’d done it to they selves, all they, unfair was they, not at all, they but translated what they said and what they thought into a symbolics of cogency and imbued with they refinement for how else was they to stomach they incessant poison drivel; they was so good in losing translation that they almost succeeded in they making some final and sad sense. And they waved they gavel in they large arcs and spun they wigs in they large arcs and banged they gavel and lost they wig but they wouldn’t listen to they demands and an higher power was called for in they despair and they chaos, and they came in, majestic light, and the circular benches parted before they and they knocked they shiny stick against they floor three times and they took they sweet time but they was quiet well at least quieter than they best, and they called for order and they submission to they rôle and where was they dignity, but they strategy never worked in they times, times of they, and they invoked they favourite spirit of ’89, and they told they to shut the fuck up, and they was unseemly, and they was blind and foolish, and they was being most decidedly inæsthetic was they not, and the vengeance of they fatherland would be swift and clean like they prayers, and they saw there was no talking to they, not even using they shiny stick, and they left the well-lit circle, and they shouting would not abate, and they was all mesmerized by it, and they came back with a final offer for they reconciliation and submission by they to they, but it was even possible that they went unheard, physically unheard, since they clearly hadn’t the slightest intention of hearing they or listening to they or responding, responding to they was clearly a sorry waste of they time, what they right and proper had to do was shout louder at each other and impose order through the crystalline might of they argument, which once heard and rendered visible to they could not conceivably lapse to convince they and illuminate they as to they boundless idiocy and blindness and degree of brainwashed indoctrination. They stupid, they peasant, they lifeless ideology. And they shiny stick was growing frustrated, and they tossed they shiny stick at they head but predictably missed, and this didn’t even have the merit of attracting they attention, they just went on rattling, never noticed the shiny stick flying by they temple, must have thought such occurrences only natural during they speech, for they knew they ideas were new and powerful but fair and rational, and if only they would open they damn eyes and close they eyes to all they other scoundrels across the village road peddling false truths and paralytic ideologies. And when even they shiny stick went ignored they suffered they last eirenic barrier dispelled, so they simply left the well-lit circle for good.
– and what about over-fucking-population, they bellowed – 
And so, bereft of shiny stick and made crampingly aware of the tininess of they tiny voice amid all they steel-heeled pontification, they circled the tavern from they outside and they made they, they good old uniform faithful people with heart and god in that heart, some god at least, bring forth they biggest cannon on they smallest wheels, and on they command they dropped they biggest iron ball in they biggest gray cannon, and they plugged they ears while they lit they fuse, and they would have liked not bearing to watch but in fact couldn’t drag they eyes off they sad trajectory, and the iron ball tore through the tavern’s wall and collapsed a great swath of tavern roof and landed miraculously almost in the exact centre of the well-lit circle, taking a pair of heads of angry speakers (there were about sixteen of they at that exact moment) with they. And then the iron ball had they fun and they went boom and the bureaucrats and the grannies and the schillers and the auditioning overmen and the promiscuous free dealers and all of they played catch with tiny bits of iron and tinier bits of wooden floor and somewhat larger bits of tables and chairs and extremely tiny bits of glasses and mugs and jugs and earthenware and tiny droplets of good sturdy cuntry wine. And except for the droplets of wine, which were rather gracious and photogenic in flight and quite decorous when splashed on faces and open chests, all the other tiny bits were quite carnivorous and drove into they like they finest bed and ploughman, and, contented with a few immediate strings of blood and clouds of bone, rested quietly in they softest of lodgings. And suddenly they had nothing more to say, and the cannon felt so empty on the inside they wanted to cry. None of they wanted the floor, and all they motions lay abandoned, and all they theories lay unactuated, and they finally knew ‘twas time to let the tavern grow and let the tavern weed theyself into a museum.
And despite not having heard they self in any of they tumefied expatiating, they regretted not being able to feel just the tiniest fragment of well-justified litost in they circumstances, in they proceedings, in they dandelionseed peregrinations, in they thought muteness. But no, really and truly no shit was given, exchanged or donated. So they erased they tavern and they built they self a booming bangbanging empire, and they also erased the tavern and they walked inwards, muttering into they brownback self how he’d always fucking hated fucking plurals.


Chapter vii


And the morally destitute brownback yelled cut since he loved to yell cut and he had always fantasised about instructing someone abruptly to cut something and being obeyed instantly. The problems is, with fantasy as with most things, it tends to run into well-groomed forests of priapic middle fingers. Which is why his earnest shouts of ‘cut.’, repeated and begged and repeated and implored, went unheeded, and the people on the other side of the glass went on doing what they were doing and what none of them seemed particularly to want to be doing. It is absolutely credible, and a thesis worthy of examination, that the people on the other side simply could not hear him, through the glass or against some other more alien impediment, but the aural barriers his cuts ricocheted off of were ultimately no excuse for the refusal of persons and actions to be flattened by the yell from the other side, no excuse for their staunch denial of any obligation to submit to any authority of eyes avian or godly too squeamish to play in the mud, the mud and clay on their side.
The five men all suffered of localized acromegaly in their only unpaired extremity. Clothes and logically sequenced words oppressed them alike, so both had been mechanistically shed before the brownback had even entered the well-lit room. And the five men took turns coming in the small-breasted girl’s ass, taking great care not to pull out too much of the previous man’s come but also taking great pleasure in mixing the whole concoction thoroughly, uniforming the texture and cementing their offering to the girl’s darker altar. And after they had all paid their dues the second man felt he had more to give, so he pulled the girl up by her hair, propped her on her knees, slapped her lucid to ensure she maintained the desired position and came once more in an hungry mouth dutifully pried wide open by the powerful pairs of index fingers and middle fingers of the fourth man, who now realized he had wanted to do the same and was jealous of the second man for thinking it up first, for upwards thinking. And at this the other three men fretted for they worried the come might slip out of the girl’s ass when she assumed verticality, but the girl was no fool so she immediately corked up her asshole by inserting her middle finger and her ring finger into the playful, dangerous opening. And then the girl glanced straight at the browncoat and displayed proudly the second man’s come in her mouth and she spat it upwards and some of it landed on her face and some of it landed back in her mouth and this made her smile and she swallowed the come that had landed back in her mouth. And the smiling girl remained on her knees and she drove her knees apart as far as her knees would go and she stood as high as her knees would allow and she arched her back and she popped her ass back and started agitating the two fingers that kept it sealed, for she was waiting for its contents to mature and age gracefully, and when she decided the potion had been well stirred she squatted and she became tight and contracted and she finally gave manly birth to a bubbly spew of liquefied pearl. And she had propelled it all over the clean well-lit wooden floor so she stood on all fours and chased all the stragglers with her keen tongue and licked them back into centrality off the clean wooden floor. And once all the come had been made comfortable once more in a single stout puddle in the center of the well-lit wooden room she took care to inject a certain basic symmetry into arranging the corpuscles of excrement floating around in the puddle. And once all the corpuscles had been assigned their rightful places, dark bloodcrusted swans on a frozen lake, the mother’s mouth descended into the puddle and blew life into it and the waves and the bubbles and the geysers were hectic and the serene self-sufficiency was no more. And after the girl had blown bubbles in the cumpuddle, she lapped most of it up and spat it back out and there was something missing since the corpuscles of shit were now wedged between the girl’s small teeth. And so the girl lapped up the new, deformed cumpuddle and ejected it and repeated the recreation of landscape several times, but still the corpuscles would not return. So she plugged her longest fingers into her ass and extracted a school of larger coprologic beads and split them into smaller spheres and spread them equally and fairly across the surface of the sixth incarnation of the cumpuddle. 
and you dislike and are silently put off by the cumpuddle because it is dead and cold and cut off from the bodies, oh the warm body one more warm body, that birthed it and is simply labile ooze whereas simply swallowing fresh warm squirts is an unbroken act and at one with sex and it is sex and not image and the come is not yet independent of its mother its giver a life in fucking deed
And the five men became frustrated with being sent to the tool-shed during the girl’s picnic and they surrounded the girl once more and almost simultaneously managed to start pissing on her from all sides. And the ablutions christened her breasts and her back and her openings and her hands and her ears and her nose and her mouth. But the mouth was greedy and would not share with the others more than was strictly necessary to maintain respectability and kept the auriferous magic for its own thirst and ambition. And although it achieved impressive neatness and functionality on the black-on-white, the logistics of the Nuova Trevi were complex, for each human corner of the piss pentagram ended up being inundated with the offerings of those opposite him when inevitably these offerings flowed slowly to his feet, and this disgusted some of the five men, and the third man almost vomited but restrained himself since he knew without knowing that the browncoat was watching. And after the girl had had her fill and would drink no more for fear of falling pregnant, she cradled the lonely promontory of come amid the warm erosion of the urine and baptized it in piss again and again through her fingers so it would grow immune to the piss. And she dived in the warm streams and swam beneath their movement looking for fish of blue and gold and emerged for air and climbed onto the surface once more using the five men’s members as ladder. She finally vacuefied the proud space previously borne by the cumpuddle with her mouth and forgot to play with it and swallowed it. And then she smiled unto the five men and suffered them to come unto her. And the five men regained their vestments and would have no more of the girl, but she locked the door and strengthened the glass and walked to the fourth man. And the girl kneeled in front of the fourth man and lost her greedy hand in his jeans and extracted his member from the darkness of the zipperspace and told him she was looking for her soulmate and the sun broke through her face and into his. And the fifth man slapped the girl backed into the centre of the well-lit room and the second man washed her face in the still-warm steams once more and the third man picked the girl up kissed her, he kissed her long and muddy and craven. And the fourth man kissed the first man and the girl received as capacious hostess three men in her undertow, and one in the misty bordello where no one particularly wanted to be but such was life, and as the last man, who was also the first man, was about to sequester her powers of speech she repeated unto him that she was looking for her soulmate. And he nodded in suave recognition and plugged her mute and the brownback nodded in recognition also. And the girl spread her thighs and secured her feet behind her head and spat on the second man and scratched her thighs and scratched her nascent stomach with lean nails harbouring mud and pink love on the inside, and she scratched them with a diamond ring she had found hidden behind the small ears of the fifth man. And the browncoat has seen it all before in other rooms of other woods and other girls, but all of them equally and equably well-lit rooms. And his ‘cut.’s had grown friends with their impotence and each cut paints the five men’s sorrow but unlike brownback they have work to do.
And the brownback knew his work was done when he forgot what his work had been, and he left the five men and the girl of the well-lit wooden room to their sacrifices and their odes to the fat, improbable survival of of Venus.
And he stepped into the wilderness of mirrours and saw himself in each man’s face and saw himself in each woman’s mouth, and wanted to see his self melt into pleasure in women’s mouth as they lifed his name, but it was not written, not thus, and the women’s mouth did not live his name, and he was not there to liquefy. And he was not theirs to liquefy. And no one said. And some of the lifeless mirroured, the mirroured grey and coughing, tried to pull the browncoat in with them by availing themselves of his bucket of blood, but the blood was misplaced and too bright and not lived in and the mirroured remained silent and hungered and grew of the sleep. And they had no power over him. Nor the browncoat over them.
And the Führer led the dance. And the fingerpainting onto the surface of the glass did not wake up the girl or determine the five men to branch into a fist, but the pictured dancers, flattened, were pretty and joyful and jumped when they were told to jump and their life floated above the steam of the warm streams like a stream of sleeping mice leaving their townspeople at night. And the music picked up and the five men grunted and frowned and fucked her ass harder, and the devil leads the dance.
And the brownback’s companion dared to toss a lit candle through the glass on the other side and into the warm streams of piss. And they lit up and the five men who were steeped in them lit up also and they convulsed and they were twirling leaves in the streams’ combustion. And only the girl, who had availed herself of the drink of lifewater when the drink had been the five men’s to give, stood now tall and walked among the flames as one of their own. And the five men paled and lost their lines and their colors turned lighter and then darker and they were smaller and smaller and louder and louder until the fire was tired of their shrivelled screaming and kissed their mouth. And the companion accused them all, all of them, even the cinders of the five men, of moral dwarfism, and he said the five men had been mental microbes and the girl was an intellectual pygmy, and this rabble was unfit to consort with the imagery of gold and perpetuation, and their sterility would burn long after the wind had carried their charred corpses to emaciated coyotes and ravens of posterity. And the brownback tried his luck one more iteration and yelled ‘cut.’ as far as his lungs would carry him but yet again there was no discernible effect of retaliation and he dropped his head down in defeat but found defeat deceptive and placed his head back in its rightful place. And the girl laughed at the companion, as all girls laughed at the companion, and she walked up to the glass on the other side, and the companion walked up to the glass on the other side also, and she held her hand out against the glass where she suspected the glass could have been, and the companion held out his hand against the girl’s hand, their hands separated only by a thin sheet or waft of glass or air. And companion questioned the credentials of the entirety of womankind and the girl said woman was king and they stared their arguments deep into each other, boring and drilling and excavating and trying to replace the old fossilised arguments they located, artefacts closed in their ancient surface to right or reason, replace them with current logical chains and corrected viewpoints and deeper understandings and balances. But the old ones would not budge, and the companion and the girl closed up but left their palms open against the other’s palm, and since this stance was of the utmost significance or progress to either and both, the girl smashed the glass on the other side and caught a long limb of glass in mid-fall and placed it, anatomically correct, in her used up carotid. And as the girl with the glass in her neck fell at the companion’s feet, separated from the companion’s feet by the remnants of the wall of glass, the companion’s feet moved back, and back again, and took the companion far away from the well-lit wooden room with the wall of glass at its centre.
And as always browncoat had to take the back door and brave the fire escape, for the air in the well-lit wooden room had become suffused with microscopic, anatomically corrected shards of glass and was hardly breathable; and browncoat sought well-vascularised leaves that were not born with a destiny of ash within them, leaves that could grow old and boring as parachuting churches and wormfood and cluttered sewage and worse, bookmarks. But the five men had been the finest driest leaves he had it in him to encounter and embolden, and they had withered, and nature was not a metaphor never was never a good metaphor and he hadn’t it in him to drop the inklet and finish this sentence. His sentence. Why did he have a sentence, such a stern sentence, when he had never in his life made any cuts, never could cut anyone even if he wanted to. Hednevercutaman, not once, can you believe it.


Chapter vii


‘But the actuation of self and the realisation of rational freedom is impossible under a monarchy,’ formalised a.
‘Not if one cedes the world to others and lives fully within oneself. Then the self becomes master within its world, i.e. is actuated, and the freedom to do as one pleases conforms to the rational precepts, born of the self, that most favour the self itself,’ atomsplit c.
‘Which entails abandoning one’s fellow humans to the crime of existence, slavish existence, and drowning one’s precious self in self-perpetuating selfishness,’ robespierr’d c.
‘And why are you so fixated on the others, to the point of seemingly denying the self the right or opportunity to live outside them,’ rorschach’d d.
‘This air is rife with eggshells and hardened mucus. I absolutely detest it,’ parallel-parked e.
‘Why are there always so many opinions. And why is it so embarrassing to have one, an opinion I mean, and share it and do so without having to laugh at one’s own opinion,’ i-dotted f.
‘And ultimately the white cream will dry, and your wound will be surrounded by small whitish mountains, white cream that looks like lovingly recycled pus’, signed g.
‘and your pink wound will look like a rabid wound, hungry for healthier flesh, so as to remember itself’, plagued h.
‘you are dialoguing marmoreally, craving nothing more than to avoid each other’, bloodcrusted i.
‘or at best to ricochet off one another’s backs and broken jaws, and carry on with your shadowdancing’, convalesced j.
‘shadows dancing on a wall are western civilization’s first metaphor’, candlekilled k.
‘and its most beautiful, a level of mastery never matched before or since’, fled l.
‘so my brothers and I would appreciate it if you toned down your anti-rational contempt, and tried just this once to bridge our warring monads with meaningful, standard-embracing dialogue; communication – the road to godhood’, m bored through.
‘by which you of course mean standardising dialogue. ‘tis difficult even to laugh at your tautology, since dialogue tends to be based on some sort of language or other, and languages are one of the first and most efficient methods of standardising both the world, i.e. the expressed, and oneself, i.e. the expresser’, cartwheeled n.
‘what of the community of expression-capable selves. do they not defy this deathbrung standardisation by their potential to wield it, the untamed standardisation itself, in the creation of the new from the standard, the creation of the transcendentally different from the immanently same. Or at the very least through their awareness of the uniformity of the world they live in, which awareness – and ensuing pain and primal screams – in and of itself threedimensionalises them against a flat world contented with its flattened worldness’, bowlingballed o.
‘the word is the world. take the capital i, l, the word-giver, from the world, and all that is left is the word’, horsequartered p.
‘most assuredly, and since the word dialectically serves the princely word-giver by deriving its being from his being and by enhancing his being with its separate being which encompasses the whole world, and then subsumes the world under the word-giver as soon as he re-appropriates the word by saying it and by playing with its meaning, effectively you’re saying this all goes back to mastery. Mastery of the word, mastery of the standard, the standard’s mastery of the self, the psychotic ping-pong of dialectics and enlightenment, blah blah blah. Shut up, read a book, grow a beard, rot me out’, q whipped itself.
‘I have nothing to say and I am saying it. loudly’, rummaged r.
‘and the browncoat walked up to the high wall, and saw that is was high, quite high, and the wall was busily growing out its protective spikes, and an highly nude blonde misogynistically emerged naked on top of the wall, sitting on the wall, and she propounded her misology in meaningless readings from meaningless dreamjournals, and then threw herself off the wall and landed on the spikes and all her organs were cavitary, and the browncoat said nothing and did nothing and walked away. And the browncoat… well naturally it needs work, yes, and no it doesn’t strike me as very original either, and yes it somehow manages to be simultaneously overwritten and underwritten, but ’, s tripped.
‘I will personally suck your dick if you erase this line of text. This is a promissory note, good as gold. I will go down on you and suck you dry like mother Teresa would the anaconda-bitten penisoid of an orphan child stranded in the deepest jungle (dumb bitch doesn’t know anacondas are non-venomous), if and only if you take a permanent black marker, or whip out your pocket knife, or that pair of scissors you maniacally always carry with you just in case for that one lock of hair – and hopefully for that one half-inch of clit – off that foxy 13-year-old that’s always on the subway with you, and proceed to black out, or scratch clean, or cut off and toss away or swallow or whatever, the first line of this monologue, the one that starts in I will personally etc. Scout’s honor’, circusfreak'd t.
‘fuck you asshole’, u punched v.
‘how can you possibly deny that Mann’s on shaky musicological ground in Doktor Faustus, when he essentially admits it’s a rewriting, a vulgarisation of Adorno, only with pretty pictures and shorter, less combative words’, crunched x.
‘why must one recycle the same myths and the same images and the same owntailbiting logics. Why can’t one kill them off once and for all, the fausts and the arthurs and the fucking ulyssi and the igors and German nature and English bullshit and Western rationality and the Russian soul, and rewrite the fairies into whores and palimpsest the heroes into egomaniacs and palindrome the gods into dogs, wretched corpsified stuffed dogs that they are.’, carpetbombed v, who had been late to speak the last time as well and could never forgive himself for it.
‘to get back to your previous point, Comrade Adorno is of course conflicted, and adopts numerous positions the ideological purity of which is ambiguous at best, but we like him fine since he seems to find our modest little experiment boring as philosophical material, and ignores us, and instead commonly uses his modest little platform to shit gigantically on the other end of the ideological pendulum. So we have no objection to him in that respect, no. Mann, on the other hand, is a dried-up bourgeois shit’, dunked y.
(in peccant-oxbridge accent) ‘why don’t we get the hell out of here and take a nocturnal tour of the quads and maybe go up to my room and maybe I can let you put on my gown once you’ve shed your unnecessaries and maybe we can have a nice little tea party for two and maybe we can even engage in a little tête-à-tête teaspoon duel. You can be the big Z, and I’ll just be an huge C’, z dripped sultrily to q, who nodded eagerly and raced after z. q unfortunately didn’t get a lot of attention, and didn’t even know z very well.
‘prostitution is the only solution’, swept i.
‘I am the light incarnate, and I have descended upon this earth and these peoples under the avatāra of the Torch, for I am the guiding flame and the warming torch of enlightenment. Men shall need the sun no more, for I am the Torch and I make the night into day’, entombed ii.
‘fuck your torch bitch, we got flashlights and flamethrowers now’, crouched iii.
‘do you believe in god.’, inverted iv.
‘no more than I believe in the tsar as the benevolent father of the nation. And I’d like to thank my mother and my father and my spiritual beacons and my teachers and my community and my nation for ensuring       ’, OD'd v.
‘do you believe in words then.’, snorked vi.
‘words. messy messy messy. there will be fucking consequences’, vii facefucked v, who only ever did it for the money.
‘there was a blind bitch in the house right next door to me who i swear spent at the very least four hours on make-up, daily. she even took care to position herself in front of a fullbodied mirrour whenever she did it, and she did it as meticulously and lovingly and obsessively as any sighted woman i know. and she always had the best makeup of any woman i know. and at night, she was always so indifferent when it was time to wipe it off and it took her no longer than five to ten minutes tops, and all that work poof, and her movements in removing the makeup were majestic and disdainful and somehow offended even. i know this because i stalked her, silently, and she was rather at a disadvantage in this, and being blind she often, very often, forgot to draw her curtains towards the evening or sometimes even in daytime when she did something private like cut her nails or sniff her own panties and so on. can’t be helped i suppose. god i miss her’, viii sniffed.
‘you do realize of course how radical and discomfiting your theories are to 1860s Russia. I can’t have you preaching that destructive filth outside my church, it’ll scare away the clowns and the saints’, suicided ix.
‘but does one really need the intellectuals’ and the faggots’ agreement on this. Can’t one just ram it down their throats and threaten to make them go to church if they don’t swallow.’, snuffed x.
‘legislated church every day.. oh forgive me sir, but I do beg to differ. I’d sooner fuck an inebriated semi-retarded girl in front of my father again to prove I wasn’t deviant than submit to that’, undressed b.
‘words words words’, B staccato'd.
‘you are regreeeeeeessing’, the b decapitated the second v.
‘Community of words, words of pomp, instigated by my sub-tongues, tongues of pomp, racing to craze out of the mouthslit and die meaninglessly in the meaningless air’, the B obnubilated.
‘Instant mouse coffee, ladies and gentlemen, gashes and bloats, fresh grind every mourning, complete with iron maiden style cup lid to prevent the intrepid little moustachioed darlings from escaping the scalding water. For your extensive and transparent enjoyment – meaning you can purchase it in translucent bulletproof glass also’, trailed the c.
‘I’ve got a story for you. It was told me, handed down to me, by our foremost storyteller, a man so Hemingway he scratched all the ink used in entries for adjectives and adverbs out of his oed and made his dog drink it’, toiled C.
‘Masturbate so much creaky hands turn to dust, wilt away; cock so dry the skin peels off the shaft if handled’, c agonised.
‘Place it under water tap, turn it on using teeth (no more hands), lovely rejuvenating feeling of warm water’, the C groinkneed.
‘It turns scalding hot, all red steam and impatience, but I don't remove my dick’, wreathed b1.
‘Then the water stops and all I feel is an intense flow of hot air pouring over my dick, then mere wafts of mist’, impeached b2.
‘will o' the wisp’, the B2 came, shaking.
‘Then the air flow is reversed, the faucet starts vacuuming up my member’, swarmed the b1.
‘can't fight it, glans is swallowed, then entire upper third of shaft, pain enormous, trying to resist but failing’, puked
‘With one final band-aid movement I tear myself (meaning it, my cock, funny but logical wording) away, sacrificing what had already gone in’, fetishised
‘The sink is coloured red, but there's no more water in the tap. No dripdripdrip’, quicksilver'd
‘dialogue is stupid’, fettered
‘it’s painfully stupid to write dialogue’, penanced
‘it’s hard to write dialogue’, carouselled
‘I refuse to do it any longer’, unicycled
‘I dedicate this to’, inebriated
‘to…’, assfucked
‘fuckit’, hammered
‘A Paul Claudel, poète, ambassadeur et traître’, tinctured a.
‘I insist into the implementation of a programme of mandatory euthanasia for anyone in the unfortunate – and malodorous – psychological stage of actively seeking gainful employment’, shrivelled
‘là ou ça sent la merde ça sent l'être’, rained and reasoned
‘et le néant au surplus n'a jamais fait de mal à personne’, coughed
‘l'espace de la possibilité’, salted
‘me fut un jour donné’, severed
‘comme un grand pet’, bubbled
‘que je ferai.’, brought down the sky
‘fuck him. i blinked him, and he fell inside an heavy lash’, dangled
‘the history of mary’s bastard is one I would shoot-off-and-then-cut-off-what-little-remained of my middle finger to forget’, shockshelled
‘biographies, science explained to the general public, popular histories, magazine articles blowdried to paperback proportions. I don’t read these kinds of books, adults read these kinds of books, tired people satiated on emptiness, nothingness and mirrorcalm complacency’, cindered
‘I could have produced a better text if I shot myself in the head and hoped the brain drippings would form linguistically valid symbols across a blank page’, tethered
‘but I didn’t. no better, no good from me. instead, my liquid love vroomed across the dormant wood, wildfiring through the whitepures row by row, line by line, leaving only smoke and a series of regularly charred shrivelled black skeletons against the still lucent blandness [blancness] of the surviving wood’, wreckingballed
‘true. So true. All literature is just fucking the blank page. Sometimes she loves it, sometimes she just thinks about her hair, and most frequently it’s rape. Ask fucking Mallarmé. All literature is just the repeated fucking of the white page. And you can fucking quote me on that’ starfucked
‘you’re just dreaming. Sweetly dreaming. Me, I love nightmares. I love nightmares because they are the only times I feel. Fright, angst, hysteria-wildfired annoyance, sweet sweet despondency with a tiny whisper of crushed hope sprinkled on top. I love nightmares. The most feel I get while awake is boredom with life, life which to me is fundamentally economics and maths and frustration with the obsessive recurrence of calculus. Existential calculus. Nightmares feel. Not real, not palpable, they just feel. I just feel them. Pity I hardly ever have them. I want more nightmares’, bloodcaked
‘dees is dee essence of deegging holes’, namelessness'd
‘decadent motherless Keynesian holes’, winked
‘like a falling star shooting a loving – and lustful – gaze at an enraptured watcher, although in fact the star was just admiring itself in his telescope. Like an earthworm developing a particular fascination with the patterns on the sole of the shoe about to crush him’, left the door ajar
‘I hate stars. And worms. Stars are worms. I dated a star once. Sex with him was strictly bring your own orgasm’, copypasted
‘english as a language has horrible decision-making processes. Case in point: the pronunciation of the word oxymoron. Perhaps the language being so obnoxiously stupid influences the way its inhabitants think or act. Worthy of investigation...’, killedcandle
‘my warmth is like the light of a black hole, kissing you thousands of years after it has died out’, assraped
‘nothing but a pretty name to me now. your face, your touch, your voice – evaporated, and monosyllabic all of them. Gruff Arabic syllables best forgotten and scraped off the ear. can't summon your voice from the nether. even your texts are other now, so no anchor in your authorial voice’, circusbear'd
‘this ductile receptacle for my cerebral mucilage and industrial waste; how am I to mould it into something, a thing itself, a real thing of reading.’, sunlit
‘there is nothing but bombast for me, out there, in the world. the world strikes me as fundamentally absurd, and bombastic. The trees and their foliage are bombast, the cars accelerating and slowing down the street, and blinking always, are bombast, humans in a train willing it forward to catch a plane are bombast, your employers and your parents and your wives and your progeny and your policeman having demands on you, moral and physical, are absolute, pure bombast’
‘bombast is too fine, too sturdy, too tinywoodenshipinaglassjar a word for what you’re describing. I suggest that in the future one call this repellent state of mind bombasm’
‘hypocrite. Bombasm is the only orgasm’
‘it’s your only orgasm’
‘O freunde, nicht diese töne’, idlewild'd
‘fuck you asshole’, handjobbed


Chapter vii


Fuck my cunt, she screamed in orgasmic boredom.
But he told her to shut up, and put it in her ass.
Count Lev Tolstoi was not a giving man, nor was he a patient man. He was singularly proud of never having consciously provided another human being with even a modicum of physical pleasure.
So he was understandably riled when the browncoat bemusedly walked into the main bedroom at Yasnaya Polyana as the count was fucking his wife. The browncoat of late was very prone to such malapropistic entrances and was often struck by the ludicrous nature of the places to which he was inexorably driven by his homelessness and instantly visible lack of a stable daytime activity. Of course such inane sociologies could never fully frontalattack the essence of brownback and be stretchered off victorious, and Tolstoi knew it for he despised comte. But the Count was angry nevertheless, and he jumped off the marital bed and covered himself with his beard and slapped browncoat hard and brutal. But the Count’s first slap had unfortunately been of the noiseless variety, and as the Count prepared to rectify this incongruity he looked upon the browncoat. And he read the browncoat’s first face and he could not tell how it would end, how the browncoat would end, and this pacified him. But the Count was also a biblically incompetent judge of face and character.
And Cunt Lev Tolstoi asked no pointless questions of the browncoat but told him to sit down and demanded a list of the first ten books the brownback had read as a child. And brownback said the legends of Mount Olympus (brownback’s anthology somehow snuck in a queered up version of Kneazi Igor towards the end, right before Romulus and Remus and immediately after the editorial corrections to the first labour theory of value) and the three musketeers and advanced phrenology and the rest were a blur. And the Cunt said mythology was a useful skill to peddle and inquired of the brownback if he had any more. And brownback told the Cunt he was Mother Russia’s least skilled labourer, a pair of hands so unskilled it had never even occurred to them to try to support themself through his own efforts, and that he had subsisted hitherto solely on the old man’s imprecations. And the Cunt informed brownback that he, brownback, wasn’t such a young man any longer and that dilettantism added a rosy glow to his complexion and that specialisation and professionalization and the ever-increasing competence of the professional classes in narrow segments are the mummification tools for the Russian soul, and that money, sexy smart money, was its sarcophagus, a sarcophagus with a touch so light ‘twould be a shame for the soul to object it wasn’t quite ready to die and be immolated yet. And the soul didn’t want to ruin anyone’s enjoyment so it obediently crawled into money and money cradled it and swept it across green oceans and green mountains and green riverbeds and whispered sweet green bedtime stories and the soul fell asleep and slept on forever and money was too fucked up in the head simply to kill the soul outright and the soul would lie there, forever there, forever snoring, forever flying across money’s sick fantasies, and there would be no prince to clip money’s green wings and kiss the soul awake, and browncoat wasn’t that prince was he, of course not, not princely material and besides he couldn’t kiss anyone awake could he only time he’d been kissed on the mouth was when his nanny raped him whom browncoat or the Cunt it doesn’t really matter actually. And even if some amorphous expectoration of princely material adopted this quest as his little pet quest, maybe during sophomore year in college when workloads are giving and résumé building requires pet causes, and challenged money for custody and protection rights over the soul with shimmering spear aloft, money would simply swoop down on the prince and rain down great fireballs of green moneyslime and the prince’s noble steed (a rental) would trip on the moneyslime and the prince would be intoxicated by its fumes and dream the sick dreams of money and turn his horse back and remember the dreams of money and write books about them as he grew out of his princely youth.
And browncoat asked the Cunt whether he truly thought there were no greater and hungrier hic-sunt-dracones whites than money to black out, and the Cunt replied that money and its cognates and its undefeated myrmidons and its writers of books were pervasive and immodest and would cook all of civilisation over a lazy fire just to ensure it was adequate safe and full ready for mass consumption, for remember how life expectancy jumped five hundred per cent when man started cooking his friends, and money did not like judicial exposure over a civilization that taught man words like dyspeptic and how to use them in an expensive suit. And the brownback was curious if the Cunt had an alternative, and the Cunt said to eat raw meat and like it and would say no more on the matter. And the brownback had an aha moment, and said this all went back to Shakespeare didn’t it, and the Cunt threw his pound of flesh off the shelf in saying that there is something strange, and which wd. now be thought very affected in the language of Shakespeare whose common thoughts are expressed in uncommon words, and that yes it did go back to Shakespeare for Shakespeare lacked awareness, and when pressed on the meaning of awareness the Cunt said consciousness, and brownback speculated that a man as well-bearded as the Cunt surely thought such miserly consciousness as was pickled in humans could not fail to be propped up by an higher truth and higher powers and higher orders of what humans misname consciousness and that all forms of consciousness, of which art is the highest, and the easiest to sodomize, knew it as their duty to bind man and his consciousness tighter to this higher truth, and this higher truth so said the Cunt could not fail to be either god or a parody. So was the Cunt affirming that Shakespeare had, among other items, invented the unconscious (since most higher truths and values were too busy playing five finger fillet with Hamlet during the première of Coriolanus to show up on Shakespeare’s stage) through his refusal to lend words and scripts to the higher truths exiled into man by god, exiled so as to roam man and plant their flags in his desert and in his hungry mouths so their higher flags could create new sand hills and pretty pearls, sand hills and pretty fake pearls vaguely shaped like flags and silent truths. No, the Cunt was simply saying Shakespeare lacked consciousness and therefore his art could not fail to be deficient in matters of consciousness also. And the brownback wanted to know why pick on Shakespeare in the first place, and the Cunt ejaculated that Shakespeare had been auto-da-féd as the mascot of the human and of humanism to such an obsessive extent that it was indigenous to each new generation to discover humanity in and through Shakespeare, and so a lack of consciousness in Shakespeare made it fathomable and even sadly preferable to build one’s humanity in a sandcastle where consciousness was nothing but the moat. And often enough, consciousness, which is in effect religion or at the very least spirituality, was found inimical to the expansionist projects of humanity, and the patient little (paratactic) x of consciousness was unsolvable in their universalist, elegant little equations, and so they feared it and expulsed it from the things that really mattered to them. But what was so painful about the Cunt’s humans was that without consciousness they were no higher in terms of being than stones or insects or fish or the wind, they were objects and true they had their precious objectivity but had attained it by being fucking objects, objects like a rock, and money was perfect at juggling objects because for one atavistic reason or another it was still immoral to sell conscious human beings openly at least nigger them up make an effort show someone cares, and having shed the metaphysics of consciousness they had nothing more interesting to occupy them than political philosophy and the fungi of postmodernism, and another thing consciousness is morality and without consciousness there is no morality and there is instead only the law, and the law is not founded on the higher but on the immanent which happens to be self-interest.
And the Cunt was also against over-population and hence vaginal intercourse (a gutted dislike he shared with both Shakespeare and Lear, surprisingly).
And the Cunt also thought that no man should model his body on the shadow or the cloud of god and pretend the form is rightfully his.
But the browncoat told the Cunt that he only directed an heavy traffic of negatives and did he not have any positivities and guidances and novel moralities to offer and that criticising is always easier than actually fucking up or even unfucking the upfucked thing that ends up being criticized. And the Cunt acknowledged this by telling brownback it was a lazy objection to make and he would hear no more of it. And the Cunt decided it was time to make conversation and he asked brownback what he thought of the Moscow Metro, and brownback said he loved it because it spared him the city, the actual city; for him, it was always axial to be always never knowing of his host city, never emerging from the damp of the subterranea. Always coursing through the underground like a drunken bacterium through a cirrhotic's veins. No bloodstream, no lifestream under the sun. The Cunt retorted that art and life in general would be infinitely easier and much more interesting if only one could, in kindergarten, in school, in the club and in the lecture hall, identify the ones who are meant to fail, spectacular wipeouts etched in penknife on the reverse of their foreheads just behind their petroleum eyes themselves lanthorns lighthousing their failure into the world and the future, and befriend them in advance instead of having to read them off the front page of the times. In fact, it often struck the Cunt as tragic how much easier and simpler life and art would be if they just for once in their useless existence just listened to him and did exactly what he’d tell them to do and thought exactly what and how he’d tell them to think and then it was inevitable, logically inevitable, that they learn to love it and grow into loving it and they would just carry on like that without him and the proper way would be instilled in them forever and most things would be right at long last. And browncoat suggested that you sometimes just have to bid them free float and even self vaporise, even the laziest and stupidest of the begotten, and the Cunt nodded and told him he didn’t have much sympathy for the browncoat after all, the only reason he was still tolerating him was that he was slightly less arborescently rooted to his recurrent fate, every single time you open him, than a blood Nietzschean in the throes of pubescence. And the browncoat masticated through this in silence and finally told the Cunt that he was right on Shakespeare but not much else, Shakespeare really was bullshit, and the Cunt sniffed that it truly didn’t matter whether he was right or not, it would take the West well over three centuries to get rid of Shakespeare, bloody Darwin would die out before Shakespeare even hints at displaying the slightest sign of weakening, and they were all paragons of egotism and such people couldn’t be reasoned with because one can never reason with the axiomatic centre of the universe. But hadn’t money displaced man in the centre of existence in a transCopernican shift wondered the brownback, and the Cunt said that for all money cared existence itself might be uninhabited, and money needed no centre and wanted no throne and didn’t want to get its moneyed face dirty with the attention of dependent lower beings and the brownback said for all he cared existence might and should be uninhabited, in fact he was quite convinced it was. And as brownback fed on the Cunt’s membrane of rebellion their minds lay prostrate at their feet, and they lay there without moving, and under them all moved. And the Cunt sermonized at length on the indispensability of a fiery pillar of consciousness chaining man to god like an inverted Babel, and when god would shout at man through the hollow pillar the echoes would make man’s ear bleed and man would cower in fright as if at thunder and through man’s blood god’s instructions and wisdom would cake themselves around man’s being, and this consciousness would keep god and man coagulated. And browncoat asked the Cunt why would man desire to enslave himself to his own creation, to a fickle dream of power man had created in his own image, and the Cunt said that obviously browncoat hadn’t it in him to understand the mysteries of creation and explaining such matters to him was self-evidently a philanthropic dissipation of energies an old man such as the Cunt could ill afford in his advancing senescence. But this was a cheap swat and the Cunt knew it and being a garrulous fellow he could never retreat from the podium in so noble a renunciation so he told the brownback that despite his the brownback’s general immobility and aboulia and inability to engage the environing world in a genuine stranglehold deep down even he the brownback acknowledged somewhere in his embarrassing places that we are stuck inside ourselves like statues in a block of stone, and so we have to sculpt our way out and we have to force each other to do it if necessary. And the brownback wanted to ascertain what exactly had persuaded the Cunt that his the brownback’s statue for instance was in any way preferable simply to a block of stone and why retch his own personal statue upon the world and that most people’s statues would be Rodins anyway and that he personally much preferred the image of the genius sculptor sinking decades into the one perfect sculpture and caressing the stone and sweating black marble sweat all those decades and the statue would finally be ready and it would be so perfect even Borges’s one-word poem would be unworthy of sandaling or licking its feet and the genius sculptor would discard or destroy the brilliant statue and gather up and keep and forever treasure the chippings and refuse and all the black marble sweat he had sweated during the labouring on the statue. At this the Cunt stated that to think outside good and evil is cowardice, and the browncoat said that to think inside god is castration, and the Cunt said aha so the browncoat at least admitted that to think was an important and vital component of man that like his testicles is vital to his perpetuity and progress and the browncoat said no but thinking, like castration, is painful and unnecessary but fun and the Cunt underlined how little sense this made and the browncoat told the Cunt he was welcome. And the Cunt asked brownback whether he, the brownback, understood anything about art and literature at all, and brownback almost smiled but didn’t and assured the Cunt that he, the brownback, did know about art and literature and said in his best paper tiger that one needed to murder one’s darlings and find one’s voice and write what one knew. And the Cunt did not even bother scoffing and brownback hastily wiped his mouth clean of failure and the Cunt emphasised how writing what one knows was already what one’s parents inevitably end up doing – writing their sorry creations, writing their sorry creations’ story like they know, in the only language they speak – that of safe materialism. Each man may or may not live out his life as a character in a story told by someone else, but why indulge Freud and have one's parents write the pre-biography, why give them creative control over the first draft of one’s biography asked the Cunt. And thus writing a novel about what one knows is not so very different from writing a cheque for tuition or a permission slip for P.E. class.
And the brownback told the Cunt that he was being exceedingly theatrical and that the immaculacy of his desire to stage a show for the brownback was so intense its crystal had become transparent. And the Cunt said ah, what were the brownback’s preferences in matters of shows and theatre, and browncoat was in fact expecting this divagation and he replied that he had none not really but he still liked theatre better than reading books because books reminded him of the one book, book one, the great one that was eating his livers and sitting fatly on his kidney and whistling and refusing to come out and trace its ink across the brownback’s face and blacken his wrinkles and sculpt his decaying teeth into paragraphs so they could bite sharper and always one writes one’s best books using one’s own fallen dragon teeth. And the Cunt said not to fret about the book since it would starve on his liver eventually and would come out and lock the shadows in a cave, but it was interesting that brownback had a weak preference for drama over literature since this was an issue that the Cunt had grappled with repeatedly in the past without stitching up a proper conclusion. And only recently did he have his epiphany and now finally he knew why he consistently found the stage inferior to literature, why Shakespeare live was mostly drivel and embarrassing slapstick and rudimentary tumefied kinematics whereas on the page he Shakespeare was prone to self-induced foaming consumption, why the Cunt almost always felt guilty upon leaving the theatre, almost as guilty as if he had just ingurgitated a feuilleton or sold a moiety of his library and a quart of his progeny for a foaming racehorse. He had finally found it: theatre, as opposed to literature, had too much life. Life is mobility and creakiness and mostly the desire to remain alive (and sometimes even to take another’s life just to see how it bleeds… into the blender), and the Cunt held its life, theatre’s superior leash on life, radically against it; books depended on the reader, on the Cunt, for their Athena’s breath, he was their life and thus, as soon as he lifes them, they are – like him – lifeless and sour and bloodless and pathetic and slow-burning and angry, infected by him and reflectively infecting him right back, infecting him beyond the pettiness of his individual hatred to an hatred of cosmic and theogonic dimensions, and that is why he likes literature, better than theatre at any rate. And the brownback declined to investigate this new and brutal manhandling of Shakespeare for Shakespeare was uselessly fondled and seduced and violated in just about every grammatical thought he or anyone else had ever had and the Cunt was dionysiacally entitled to his savaging if he wanted it.
And the Cunt persisted in talking at the browncoat until he the browncoat felt he was only listening so as to weigh his brain with his skull and of course he was weightless at first such were the rules of the game but then the Cunt did not stop talking and the Cunt talked and talked and talked and the single point that was brownback’s position and reference point and site of dwindling consciousness within the conversation became smaller and smaller and the Cunt’s drool – for the Cunt spat as he talked, and generously – finally wipewashed the single pencilgray point that was brownback’s position and the brownback no longer had a position and consequently no opinion and no say and point from which to listen and such a situation was novel to him. And try as he didn’t he was incapable of computing his current situation and his brain could not see itself as affixed onto a nothing, within the conversation or outside it, it simply was not built for such thoughts for no one can conceive of nothingness not really one simply visualises blackness or blinding seraphic whiteness or screeching white noise but the brownback was well and truly a nothing dissolved in the Cunt’s discourse at that point and his brain was overflowing and his skull felt the weight of impossibility and the inner pressure hugged his walls and it became heavier and heavier and was expanding as the brain had decided to counter the nothing by becoming more and more of a something, an undeniable something, and the intensity of the brownback’s nothing thoughts electrified his skull chamber and proceeded to loosen the bolts holding the thoughts in their ineffectual cradle.
But just then as in Lear or just the opposite a storm of tridents incapacitated the tabernacle and the Cunt’s speech became nothing and could not be heard athwart the furies and the brownback hearkened the winds. And the great concert of winds called him out by name, the winds spelt out his name, glyph by glyph, leaf by horrible thump of fallen leaf. And the browncoat took the Cunt’s outstretched hand and with his uncut nails the browncoat writ upon the hand
“in his head there is a book – his book. in his book there may or there may not be characters
if you have any feelings for his characters, he has failed
if you have any feelings for his characters, you have failed”
And the Cunt did not read what was written on his hand but he licked at the writing and it had the sound of seawater and the Cunt nodded his head and fell asleep.
And it was time for the Cunt to serve his guest tea, and he brought out the scalding tea set and they bedrank of the tea. And the Cunt’s hands were wrinkled into formlessness, affixing the teacup as through osmosis. And the Cunt told the browncoat, whom he now referred to as his child, that all shall be forgiven his child, if only he his child would now swallow the saggy bread and drink the saggy wine and kiss the Cunt’s saggy hand. And the Cunt offered a new outstretched hand, and the brownback was expected to kiss the Cunt’s saggy hand, the scene of his the brownback’s writing. And brownback could not kiss his own writing and he grew very nervous and he almost started sweating and he was driven to the edge, almost, of (having) a thought. And there was no ego scriptor in his signature so he was not equipped to deal properly with having a thought, the appropriate course being of course to abort it instantaneously and drink the amnion, and he told the Cunt that he the browncoat would rather moisturize a speeding bullet using his cerebellum than kiss himself into the offering. And Cunt Lev Tolstoi laughed at this and told the browncoat that they are of the very same texture, blood and ink, in fact the ink screams through the blood whenever the blood is spilt and vice versa, and if one drinks both at once one is cleansed of authority and remembrance. And the reason for seeking freedom and absolution from authority and remembrance is that temporal authority reheats the shackles of one’s allegiance to the current world and the current world is not consciousness but hay fever, and remembrance dilutes the barriers of the consciousness-ignited self against the onslaught of the temporal and the self is washed off by the temporal and is similarly absorbed by the world instead of ordering the world to conform to his moulds and facilitate the falls of consciousness. So was the Cunt advocating the abdication or removal of temporal authority and the flattening of remembrance in favour of thinking the atemporal the brownback wanted to clarify and the Cunt said his breathings were rather crude and left an horrid skid mark on his the Cunt’s mental pyrotechnics that made them sound forty years stupider but yes this was what he thought.
And Cunt Lev Tolstoi recalled, to neighed pangs of the browncoat’s infelicitous mirth, how once when he had been a young man his own father a nobleman had taken him to the circus and the young Cunt fell in love with the geriatric strongman who as it turned out doubledipped as the circus act’s sole clown and after some boring felines and some flightless pretties it was time for the trapeze act. And it was an highly complex trapeze act solo and no safety net for which the Cunt initially thought the trapeze artist an arrogant prick but then the trapeze artist commenced jumping and twisting and interlocking and skilfully flaying the air and the impressionable Cunt was won over absolutely. And after five minutes of careless mortality the trapeze artist performed his most complex trick and it was so impossible and homosexuality-inducing that the young Cunt burst into wild clapping and the whole circus had been silent except for the splitting of the dusty air by the trapeze artist’s sharp body and the clapping was so loud that the trapeze artist forgot himself and slipped at the most elementary of trapeze switches and fell to his death. And the young Cunt did not even try to suppress the most innocent and vernal gale of laughter his contrarious body would ever birth in the Cunt’s long bearded duration. And the Cunt’s noble father shielded him from the circus peasants’ gaze and wrapped him in his coat and sped him out of the circus tent.
And the Cunt summoned his youngest and it presented itself with diffidence and difficulty of balance and the browncoat nodded and the Cunt asked him what he thought and the browncoat said nothing and the Cunt said his youngest reminded him of his second. And his second had been such a long time ago. And his second was for eleven months, and his second had been an extremely precocious baby who grasped speech and facial expressions and could speak good Russian and fluent French and could laugh at the Cunt’s Homer, or at least the Cunt’s initially mendacious Homer, for his second would have none of the ad usum delphini fustian the Cunt had attempted to proffer; also he laughed at the Cunt’s improbable Oxford Anglo-Greek. And his second could understand, could honestly and truly understand humans and thoughts and ideas, and especially thoughts and ideas and was always fascinated and stolen by their incorrigible endlessness. And most of all the Cunt’s second was a thrall to death and liked to talk of it when others talked around it and the second knew dying. And the fully conscious second opened a window in the mansion two weeks before his first year and he did not even stare down or up but dead ahead and he stepped off the window-sill and he travelled three storeys and this had been neither accident nor blind children’s curiosity but knowledge and the Cunt knew that the second had known.
And the Cunt had always hated his second, before and after the window, and the second had always probably hated the Cunt, particularly during the window. But this nugatory hatred accunted for next to nothing in the grandiloquent scheme of things nor did it fashion the window of itself so the Cunt did not bother telling the brownback of it and the second did not bother leaving a note on mind asps and hatred and the brownback quite simply did not bother with anything at all.
And the Cunt offered the browncoat a position as maid at Yasnaya Polyana and money was good and the browncoat would sweep the Cunt’s rumblings and deliquescences into the fireplace and manuscripts would burn in the fireplace and burn in the Cunt’s gastric acidpouches and right would be right and evil would be evil and adultery adultery. But the browncoat felt he had spilt enough words into the variegated fireplaces at Yasnaya Polyana and bade Cunt Lev Tolstoi excuse him but it was time for the browncoat to sing in spit bubbles elsewhere and the Cunt was most serene and understanding for such was his noble way and he merely grew out his strong white beard as the browncoat weighed the book in his head using his skull and left Yasnaya Polyana with an elastic step and a ragged new oldnovel philosophy to chew on under the microscope lenses of the Moscow streetlights.


Chapter vii


And of course the browncoat never got very far on such expeditions and he promptly fell into a manhole the very first chance he got. And he wafted back and forth inside the sewers and thought taking the ladder back up would be irremissibly cheating and he could not quite brickwall his mind on whether to follow the tunnel dominated by kitchen waste or the alley uniformly lit by the fluorescent corpses of small scavenger animals tired of scavenging, including what appeared to have been a five year old human girl once, or the passage that most unoriginally chose to decorate itself mainly with fæcal arabesques. And he stood in the fork in the sewer glancing at his options and choosing his sewer like a democracy elects its sewage, going by smell and the principle of greatest recyclability. And he pursued the alley of tiny animal corpses and the rats and the frogs and the crabs and the mudfish and the large green insects and the occasional pigeon had all chosen rather unusual stances to die in and death and decomposition made them all look very guilty, of their own death and of many other things the sewer had never truly cared about.
And the browncoat encountered a small man in the sewers, a man that lived somewhere under the southernmost outskirts of Moscow and had not emerged from the sewers for what looked to be many many years. And the man in the sewers was waiting impatiently for the timid flow of sewer water to bring him a copy of yester-day’s newspaper for it tended to float down to him at this time of day and the sewer man liked to be informed. And the browncoat asked the sewer man what he was fishing for, and the man from the sewers ignored brownback and narrowed his eyes onto the stream of sewer water, for he knew the declining magic of vision would accelerate the natural circle of life that rarely failed to bring him yester-day’s newspaper in exchange for the sewer man taking a weekly bath in the tunnel parallel to his, the tunnel of the kitchen waste which seemed to be the cleanest and the givingest and the most nutritious of all the tunnels in that area. And so brownback squatted near the sewer man and stared at the sewer water also and strove to keep his gaze strong and focused for as long as was conceivable but this was a most unrewarding vector for the investiture of his idiosyncrasies so the browncoat asked the sewer man whether there was anything he expected or wanted particularly from the stream of water.
And the sewer man did not expect an outsider to understand the ornate rituals that predicated his lair’s safety and was not hesitant in telling him so through a continuum of acrid snarls, each of which coiled into the fading skin of the previous snarl to absorb its poison and refract it thus amplified onto the soft surface of the brownback’s curiosity. 
And the browncoat decided he had nothing more to do there and moved on but of course the sewer man followed him, first at a courteous distance and then closer and closer until they walked side by side, and it wasn’t an aggressive or ominous follow, just silent and mutually uninterested. And on their way back to the fork in the sewers they came across the corpse of the pigeon again and only then did the browncoat notice that the pigeon was still alive for the pigeon was cooing slowly and resignedly and the browncoat knew from the mellowness of the cooing that the pigeon was moribund. And the man from the sewers, unburdened by reflections on the supreme breakability and brokenness of the pigeon’s mortal shell, lunged at the cooing pigeon and with gestures more automatic than thought through bit off its dangling head and had some of the blood and availed himself of the left wing, and the sewer man clamped his mouth ravenously and did not bother plucking the wing clean but spat the feathers out, which was not the simplest of endeavours since the feathers were now sticky with blood and flesh and saliva and this made the browncoat see the sewer man’s mouth as a bird itself, an amorphous hatchling yawning with a beak greater than its own being and blind and stupid and discoloured and incoherent and sticky and confused in its raving disconsonant plumage.
And brownback let the sewer man know that what he was doing was a boon unto civilization and a catapulting stone into human progress, and this finally trapped the sewer man’s attention and the man from the sewers asked why this was, and the brownback told him that a man greater than they both thought cooked meat was the golden road to cultural idiocy and societal decay, and that the only way to extricate oneself from the ravaging of society was to remain obstinately silent and eat raw meat. And the sewer man was struck by this and said that this was an illumination that had traversed his entire life but very very slowly and he had always struggled to control his violent awareness of it and it made him an extremely divergent and unselfsame individual, but then his half-strangled slowly blinking lucidity bids him ask the browncoat who this great man was in a last vie for self-preservation, and browncoat said he was a great and noble nobleman who loathed Shakespeare and human reproduction. And this satisfied the sewer man to the point of pained exhaustion for he himself was of the diamond-precise same persuasion his abhorrence of human reproduction was boundless and he could control himself no further and decided it was time his inner martyrdom became collective apophasis. And so the sewer man made love to the ladder and burst forth from the sewers and exploded against the city by wearing a mask of himself made from his own disrupted netherskins.
And brownback took his time in exploring the rest of the sewers and this took a certain while and the browncoat even took a certain liking to the sewers but all serenity must end sometime and so the browncoat too availed himself of the cheating ladder and walked back into Moscow. And much had changed in the city and towering in the cleanest widest smartest avenue he found a large square building painted in all conceivable nuances and definitions of gray and it was so imposingly square the browncoat could have confused it with the Ka’aba for it too had fleshy chains gyrating around it like exploded satellites whose arid insignificant fragments were still kept in check and hypnotized motion by the building’s gravitational seduction; he could have confused it with the Ka’aba but for the turbid throngs of people this actual gray building was not spinning around itself but inhaling at a safe steady rate through its sidemouth and exudating forth, faithfully restored in number and viscidity, through a narrower slit on the opposite side. 
And the people waiting their turn were so many and so cataleptic that the brownback approached one of them and asked what they were all wanting inside the gray Ka’aba; and the man told brownback he was just wanting to fondle a bite during his lunch break. And the ritualistic nature of the waiting belied this statement but the browncoat saw nothing more in the man’s nostrils so he decided to stand next to him and wait for his turn to enter the gray building. But the throngs of people were so great and the building’s hunger so low that the browncoat had barely gained seven feet inside four hours. And the man next to him, the man with no answers, was curiously unperturbed by the likely expiration of his lunch break and the man next to him and everyone else simply stood outside the gray building, waiting and blinking and not really speaking amongst themselves much. And the browncoat splintered from the throngs and walked past the people and through the doorway of the gray building and curiously no one around him objected at all not even the diminutive old ladies with nothing else to do and this was very strange indeed given how otherwise Russian all around him seemed to be. 
And inside the gray building, which was a spacious storage building, there were no walls or floors or stairs but many square spaces demarcated only by thin and improperly set up lace curtains and within the lace squares one or more people stood next to various farm animals of every conceivable size age and degree of domestication. And there were freshly shaven sheep and long-broken stallions and feral dogs and feral piglets and incontinent adult pigs and Indian buffaloes and further placid bovines and impatient chickens and so on. And one person in every square would wield a large axe or blown-up yatagan and they would laugh at the animal and at themselves and palpate the stilled beast for the softest bumps in its geography and pat its head and kiss its open eye and crash their weapon into the beast, disjoining bloodflows and erasing continuities and mutilating symmetries and bowing to the ensuing acephalia. And then the people would take turns using the axe or yatagan and homage their chosen parts of the beast and capture the loose blood in their open palms and train their out-dated teeth on strands of hair and shields of hide and seams of flesh. And only when their hunger withered and festered atop the raw carcasses would they leave their lace squares, softly cackling into their crimson beards and new and different animals were brought into the lace squares and the new animals were probably starving for they licked the blood off the lace curtains and then consumed the unwanted parts of the felled beasts that stood before them. And when the lace squares were rejuvenated new people would be admitted into the gray building.
And since there were no corridors or pathways between the lace squares for the entire gray building was lace squares one had to be very careful navigating the bloodflows to the stale exit. And since all were silent inside the gray building but for the ubiquitous soft cackles and the cackles were so uniform they had neither place nor origin and their sources went undifferentiated, and footsteps were pondered and suffocated by the slow bloodflows and the caked bloods, and lights were dimmed and all who drew silent breath were perfectly absorbed into blindness in their holistic veneration of the sacrifice, no one had any way of discerning another’s movement or position relative to themselves. And so sometimes a person braving the stilled light of the exit would walk into a blind sacrificer’s blow and lose a quart of limb or a moiety of neck and he would fall as silently as the beast he had sacrilegiously shielded and the sacrificer would yawn at the interferer and persist in the ritual and the beast would yawn at the interference also.
And the browncoat looked upon the nearest lace square and the lace square was peopled by four sacerdotes and a generous sorrel horse. And the wielder of the axe was a large ill-digested man, and his long arm coupled with the axe far exceeded the wielder in height and continuity, and his first swing was forceful and it sliced through the horse’s right haunch and into the chest of one of the weaponless sacrificers. And the wielder must have cursed his luck as he had to place his foot on the young corpse’s torso and repeatedly pull at the axe with all his strength, and the horse shuddered but stood tall, and the sacerdote’s next blow struck the horse upside the head with the blunt of the axe, and the horse kneeled on its front legs, and then the wielder aimed a low swipe at the horse’s hind legs which blessed its target’s kneecaps but also ricocheted into a slow glide astride another sacrificer’s stomach. And the wielder showed no displeasure for there was no complicated and inarticulate extraction of the axe to be performed this time, and the horse could not immediately get back on its feet and was tripping in its own offerings but finally regained a splatter-dignified verticality, and the sacerdote aimed carefully at the horse’s head and threw the axe as hard as he could and the blow landed and the upper edge of the axe’s blade went deep inside the horse’s skull on its left side and into its brain and the horse finally toppled one last time and it fell on its left side and it fell on the third sacrificer and the weight of the sorrel horse blanketed the sacrificer heavily and the open swipe of the axe’s blade rested against the sacrificer’s neck and it had already bedrunk of him during the fall and the more the sacrificer struggled to push the horse off and get back to his feet the deeper the blade’s revelry and the deeper its thirst. And after the third sacrificer had successfully opened his throat and struggled and dug into his throat and weakened and convulsed and nested the blade in his throat and grasped his throat and finally ceased his struggle the formerly armed sacerdote gifted him a final cackle and closed the horse’s eyes and opened its throat also and sated his own manly thirst and feebleness and urge to tear and unsew the pulsating meat. And then the sacerdote walked away from the horse and exited the gray building in consummate safety.
And the brownback too had drunk his fill and the horses and the fowl-kin could no longer host his interest and he too exited the building but he walked out through the entrance and the throngs of people were as thick as they had been four hours beforehand and no one minded this novel transgression and there was no discernible blood on the outside of the gray building. And the fear was on the avenue and there was fear in the throngs and the fear puddled and cuddled in an asphalt crater, and then people stepped on the avenue and there were other craters, and each slurring crater splashed the fear high in the air when its time came, skyward, and the happy children played and splashed around in the fear and the adults nodded contentedly and took their showers in public while waiting to be allowed inside the gray building. And the brownback took note of this and tossed his note into a puddle of fear and the note became heavier and darker and the note was distended and the fear wrote wet on the brownback’s note and the browncoat walked away from his overwritten note.


Chapter vii


And the openness could have been him but most likely was not, and each day was cracked open and blew its contents down on him like an handkerchief and no amount of lethargy or failure would stitch it up again.
And since most writing enjoys plotting its own destruction but can rarely summon the pallor and the impersonality required for it he could not altogether avoid the occasional eclosion of people through the crust of his solitude. And he did not seek such encounters nor did he expend the energy he needed for his yawning to prevent them. And these people were easilier exfoliated by letting them vent and expend their yawns at him in conversation than by cutting them off to look for good seats at the other end of the room.
And so the browncoat fell earnestly asleep during an earnester sermon on mathematics and differentiation – when he signed up he had foolishly read alterity for differentiation – and when he woke up the room was being warmed by men unconcerned with mathematics to a degree that could not fail to delight even the sleeping browncoat. And the men seemed angry and frustrated and the speaking man spake, long and longingly, upon his impotence and theirs and the ossification of the old ones’ cerebral fluids and the self-inflicted carrion nests that spiderwebbed across the cuntry’s thoughtscape and vampyrized Russia into the bankrupted old man of Europe who would only ever stand tall when he was finally buried standing up, tied to the planks of his coffin so as never to disturb the peace of them who walked above. And the cuntry needed new ruddy-cheeked thoughts forcing it to open its eyes into a burning gaze and close its hands into calcified fists and push out of Russia, with its fists of logic and moral clarity, the tyranny and the folly and the slavery and the travesty and the injustice. And then the fists would unclench and the open palm would attract science and prosperity like a precious bird trusting the palm for the small breadcrumbs that can feed it for days and the magical bird of science and prosperity would trust the palm because it would see the open heart in the cuntry’s open chest.
And the angry men nodded in immediate assent but the counters were manifold and the peasantry had failed to shake off its religious myopia and the atavistic inertia of its servility and the ruling elements treated the angry men’s rumblings with the catalytic acknowledgment of an elephant being assaulted by a raindrop. And they could sense the Zeitgeist melting away in their hands and dripping through their useless fingers, like quicksilver mixed with butter, slowly but painfully seeping into the streets and down the gutters and into the sewers and basements of history. And their European reason and their European lights and freedom, that bastard child of reason and lights, all brushed against the stagnation of Russia without eliciting so much as a disparaging laugh or a creak in the square wheels of its system. And the angry men would throw their Hegels and their mills and their Marxes at the silence of the system, all their projectiles heavier with underlined passages and sharpened by the hundred piercing exclamation marks on the margins, and the system fed on their projectiles, for it was not to be harmed by any weapon born of man, and it spat their projectiles back at them as disdainful bathroom tissue.
And the browncoat found this so insufferable he asked a question he normally would have cut himself ritually for asking and he asked the angry men why they weren’t in effect ever doing anything over authority not doing anything either and why they were so small and paralyzed in the headlights of authority. And the angry men did not recognise the brownback from other meetings but they believed so forcefully in their sacred anger they thought it fully possible he too had been lit up with sacred anger in the first half hour of this his first meeting of anger. And they asked him what was to be done, and he laughed at himself while he said it but he told them blood washes away authority. And the angry men wanted to know why this was, and the brownback said to the angry men that blood is how men are kept on this world and blood is why men are kept on this world and without blood men lose their grasp on this material world. And the brownback also said that authority is what puts men in the grasp of this world and authority is what sinks and buries men into this material world and authority is what sacrifices men’s awareness and spirit – which the angry men instantly and automatically translated to reason and logics – to the merely material of this world. And with authority drowned away in happy blood men’s spirit is free to grasp this material world and understand it for what it is and for what it lacks and climb higher than this world while controlling and understanding all that spirit has now left behind in it.
And of this the angry men could not hear without twitching and jumping from their seats, and they demanded of the browncoat whose blood it had to be to wash away authority, and the browncoat said that blood is blood and he told them all blood is the same and it could be theirs and it could be authority’s all it needed was life inside it and it would purify all and one. And the angry men could hear the impatience of truth in browncoat’s words, and they knew reality needed to measure itself against this truth and cut off from its real body what was extraneous or incongruous to this truth, and the angry men wished to know how much blood was needed to drown away authority. And this the brownback did not know and he told the angry men so but authority was an hydra of powerful poison and mathematics, and from a severed limb it would grow two bureaucrats, and from a severed head it would grow four German lines with claims to the throne. So the flow of blood was to be torrential and merciless and it had to race right and left, uphill and downhill, skyward and hellbound.
And the righteous sagacity in the brownback’s words made the angry men tremble and they saw in him the anger of earthen sainthood as they saw it in themselves in every transfixed mirror, and they embraced him for one of their own and the browncoat was laughing and surely his was the mirth of disseminating the truth and wielding truth as a luminous club against reality. And the brownback was not a frequent laugher but now he had his very own trainwreck to play with and all he had to do was to champion an echolalian accunt of the droppings of a noble mind so unlike his own that to ignore or forget its flowered logics would have been to walk past a fresh victim of murder and rape on an empty street without wondering whether there was still time before the constables arrived.
And the brownback walked with the angry men out of the room and out of the hall and into the street and past the great courthouse and the commissariat and the ministry of the interior and the royal palace and all the angry men smiled and for fear of policemen’s frisking they hid their daggers in their smiles. And the angry men divided in two when they reached the smallest and narrowest street, some angry men on the left and some on the right. And the angry men began taking down lampposts and breaking them up into sharp bolts of lightning and digging under pavement so as to hear the sea and draining strange liquids from the uncovered sewer pipes. And the angry men united the street’s offerings and made them smaller and leaner and stronger, and they clutched the street’s offerings tight against their shaven chests like crying icons and grew quiet.
And after some waiting three vehicles glided closer and when they entered the narrow street the angry men on the left side united their hand and dispatched their first offering unto the first vehicle which was the biggest of the three. And the driver of the first vehicle stopped when the offering stopped under his perch and the first offering went off and the horses and the driver were no more. But the first vehicle was powerful and sturdily built and it did not suffer excessively and from the first vehicle emerged some men of powerful beards and moustaches and then from the second vehicle more such men and then another man dressed unlike the others. And this the last man gazed upon the remains of the first offering that still drew smoke under the former driver and the last man told the bearded men to see to the driver and the horses and see whether there were any gold teeth to be pulled out for those were good for sixty kopeks apiece. And the angry men on the right side ran at the last man and ran past the bearded men and yelled at the last man that it had been too early to thank his god of gold and they lay with their one hand the second offering at his feet. So the second offering went off and the last man lost even his last leg, and the angry men were no more either for the last man demanded his two blind coppers to fashion a silver boat from and a river of blood to sail that boat on if he was to leave this world, and the angry men acquiesced and from their bodies gave him his river and the last man built a boat so big that the angry men too climbed onto the last man’s boat and were employed as slave rowers until the boat reached its shore, and then the last man threw the angry men out of his boat and into the rivers of their own blood offering.
And the browncoat had managed to hide under a felled lamppost and was safe from the horses and the offerings and could not verily reconcile himself with how easy it had all been. And when all was over and the bearded policemen were arresting the only surviving angry man and one angry young woman, browncoat dusted himself off from under his favourite lamppost and walked next to the shackled angry man, the last of the angry men, and the angry man laughed with puerile joy and told browncoat that all was as it should be, and the browncoat had nurtured an healthy dislike for laughter since sleepy childhood. And the brownback told the last angry man that he the angry man, shackled and circled by silent policemen, had the most idiotic laugh tucked inside the most idiotic voice tucked inside the most idiotic smile the world will ever shatter. And the shackled angryman only stared at him, his eyes filmed with a dull cast of nausea, but the nausea was not for the browncoat but for the world that dared to persist despite the angry men’s rightness and logics and told the browncoat idiocy was the only conceivable deportment one could adopt before a world stitched of refusals to yield before truth. But the single angry woman looked at the browncoat differently and very much unlike the angry man and the browncoat saw she was angry at death rather than life and because he saw nothing no lambent red letters in her eyes  the browncoat approached one of the tallest policemen and informed the tall policeman that the angry woman they had shackled was not angry at all but rather disappointed and precociously menopausal and furthermore she was his wife and mother so could they be so giving as to let her go, into his custody of course and he would assume all further and latent responsibility for her bearing and terrorism. And the tall policeman nodded with sanity and understanding and said he was sorry for the policemen’s brutality with the angry woman but she had after killed the last man but if the browncoat vouched for her future conduct they would release her unto him immediately. And the browncoat vouched for the formerly angry woman’s conduct and her shackles fell and they walked slowly away from the policemen, hand in hand.
And the young woman’s eyes grew fiery and she thanked the brownback for she could not go to jail and face trial because she was pregnant and she had only found out two days previous and she wanted to live she wanted most for her child to live so that the world and the future may die. And there was nothing more disgusting to the browncoat than a pregnant woman, for reasons of fucking and philosophy, so he turned the young woman around and walked her to the policemen and told them he was sincerely apologetic but he had been very mistaken and this was neither his wife nor his mother and he was very confused and could they take her back please. And the policemen were quite happy to no harm done no harm no foul another joked and the browncoat did not look unto the young woman but turned around and walked from the narrow street and into a wider street and then into a street that was wider still.


Chapter vii


And his conversation was like juggling and swoosh swoosh swoosh olé whoops bang crash and this made him a clown.
And the browncoat was not so very fond of clowns so he abandoned the tsarevich in midsentence and walked back into the streets. But the tsarevich recovered quickly from his consternation and chased after the browncoat and told him he was wrong to drop him for he the tsarevich was Rigoletto and he was Pagliaccio and he was Pierrot and he was Gwynplaine and his was the greatest story of all time.
And the browncoat laughed and told the tsarevich that if this were so the tsarevich must have an hugely well-developed sense of the absurd, and the tsarevich told the browncoat that when he was a boy he would think than when characters died on stage their actors also died in real life, they just had to otherwise it wouldn’t make any sense for him, otherwise it would all have been a lie and lies he hated more than anything else. And so whenever his tutor would take him to the theatre, with half the pit occupied by his armed guards, and he’d be taken backstage after the performance to meet the Hamlets or the Siegmunds or the Penthesileas, he demanded that his guards execute the actors instantly, otherwise the entirety of his universe collapsed and the young tsarevich would writhe on the floor and foam at the mouth and speak in tongues and no one wanted a crippled epileptic on the throne of Russia so they complied and the actors were put to the sword by the reluctant armed guards and the actors they would lie no more.
And the browncoat decided to play the tsarevich’s game and he told the tsarevich that he was constantly terrified of death, and that he was so terrified that he couldn’t do anything, couldn’t get anything done, and he would simply fall into thinking on death and wouldn't even muster enough antithanatic willpower to leave his bed in the morning, if he even woke up in the morning. And he would sit on his bed and clutch his wrists and be scared and anticipate his dying and he sat there and sat and sat and he saw that he didn’t die so he got to work. And the tsarevich told the browncoat that when he is tsar he would shit on the people and it would come from the heart. And the browncoat told the tsarevich that his mother had been a blind woman, blinder than a bat since day one, but that she moved faster than any human he had ever encountered and she was always running at full speed, clicking her walking stick up and down ahead of her faster than the most furious of onanists, and she would attack corners and curves at the most delirious of velocities and she knocked him down once in the kitchen and she was moving so fast that he couldn’t walk for four months while she ran away unscathed and hadn’t even felt him being crushed against her knee but that if one were really lucky one could observe her around their tiny apartment for some hours and map the patterns of her movement and time everything just right and jump towards the ambush spot precisely one second before she was due to pass by and one would, with a bit of luck, land onto her back and latch onto her neck for pointless life – even as a young adult the brownback had very precious convictions – and ride the fastest ride around but even so many weren’t so lucky and would land too soon and be cut in half from the waist down by his speeding mother but for those that succeeded the extra weight would not bother his blind mother at all for at least two to three hours and only then would she come to a violent and unexpected stop and look and touch around her and one had to be careful because if one wasn’t careful one could fly off her and be flattened with inertia against the nearest wall.
And the tsarevich clapped his pink hands with joy at the thought of latching onto browncoat’s speeding mother but the browncoat told him his mother had died or was presumed dead since she uncharacteristically forgot herself on her first crossing of the Blagoveshchenskii Bridge two days after its inauguration and although she had been told its exact length prior to crossing and she was generally quite competent at computing distances and the time it would take her to complete them she still took an early left on the bridge after only the fifth span of the total eight and ran straight into the Neva and appeared to have sunk to the bottom immediately without so much as a bubblestream but many claimed they saw a small trail of underwater waves still going left and deep into the river and that his blind speed demon mother was simply racing on underwater eager to get her groceries and take her new measurements at a favourite tailor for the lovely wedding next month, tailor not seamstress because the browncoat’s mother only wore men’s garments and most people simply attributed this eminently pardonable quirk to her being blind as a winter rose though others threw stones as she pulled the wedding carriage forward.
And the tsarevich became lyrical and wondered where the world would be without mothers and their blind love and the browncoat said that many a smarter man than he or the tsarevich had pronounced mothers and their horripilant maternal functions a bane upon this world and so the world would in troth find itself in a superior state if mothers were not there to erode its tendons and filth its blood. And this was such a risqué pronouncement that the tsarevich begged browncoat to elucidate, and the browncoat told the tsarevich there wasn’t much to clarify it was a simple problem of over-population and over-crowding. And the tsarevich was confused since Russia was a great lordly cuntry with astounding territorial reserves few of which were even modestly well-endowed in terms of population and indeed many of its lands were perfectly devoid of even the minutest human defilement as the browncoat termed it. And browncoat was unswayed by this banal truth but claimed Russia was most blessed in this respect but it fell upon the greatest of leaders to think of lesser states than theirs and to accrete as many gains against the mad peril of over-population on the mappemonde as was achievable in their own blessed kingdom and playground so as to compensate for the many failings in this respect of stupider nations who had no foresight and no guiding philosophical lights. And the browncoat told the tsarevich how all babies are parasites eating women’s souls from the inside and since women had such small perishable souls to begin with the babies would ineluctably render them hard withered husks by the time they were born, and then they perfected in the physical the process of gleeful destruction they had launched in the spiritual. And moreover the lands of Russia were already being cultivated in the optimal manner and the technology could not foreseeably improve for there was nowhere further to push the soil and the gains from adding extra peasants to the soil were negligible at best and so economically irrelevant, and the more mouths one added the more one had to divide the precious gifts of the earth, and the more peasants there were the greater the chances some would starve and all would go hungrier because of the greater need for food and resources and therefore the greater the chances of the hungry peasants being catapulted into ferocious jacqueries and the greater the odds of some of the hungry peasants learning to read and reading books that explained to them not only why they were not getting enough to eat but also why they were not getting enough to own and call their own and why monarchy is theft and their negligible peasant minds would be unable to process such convoluted reasoning and they would skip to the end and the end said kill the boyars and blow up the tsar and this would lead not only to the death of the nobility and the monarchy but also less importantly to the death of Russia as the browncoat and the tsarevich knew it for a Russia without aristocrats and without a strong silent fist clutching the reins would be a new creature and scared of the light and covered in amniotic nonsense and such a creature would know nothing of the world and interpret every movement outside and inside itself as hostile and respond in kind once it grew its own young claws and it would hurl itself at the world and scratch in fury and tear open its own stomach to claw at the enemy within and the hunger within like Erysichthon and surely the tsarevich understood the browncoat’s thinking the browncoat thought so he would not distress the tsarevich any longer with his apocalyptic follies.
And the tsarevich was so engrossed in the brownback’s argument that he kept nodding for minutes after the brownback had finished and then opened his mouth three times but had nothing to say and simply gasped for air like a trophy fish whose head is about to be smashed with an hammer, and then he rushed off to the royal palace screaming for his armed guards. And the browncoat was amazed by how the world’s fallacies seemed compatible and fully consistent with each other and how they cohabited in an admirable and fully enviable harmony, a splendid system of friendly falsehoods and interlocking idiocies like the splinters of a Trojan horse.
And he walked back downtown and he stopped suddenly on the street for he saw her. And grace was in all her steps, heav'n in her eye and so cruel was she. And her stony face was still beautiful and her stony face shielded them both against the blades of wind and the blades of wind did not shield either of them from her stony face. And he had not seen her since the kiss no that was not it he hadn’t seen her since she had jumped from the window maybe hoping to ride the old man’s laughter like a magic carpet into the sun and dissipate herself and her being into the sun. And right after the kiss that kiss she had told him how she and the old man had met. The old man had approached her in the summer garden one day and told her that he wanted ‘to write my name in come all over [her] face’ and she said nothing but took his hand and took him home and adopted him and he came on her face and in her mouth, knelt studiously besides her, made her stick out her tongue so as to render the come that he had there deposited easily accessible and proceeded to fingerpaint in come on her forehead, which he had left purposefully unpolluted. His final draft spelt out the words 'my name'. And she was what the brownback saw on the street now no mistaking her and she saw him too and was alive and she walked toward him.
And the brownback held out his open palm toward her and she stopped and then he stopped looking at her and walked away and she stayed behind.
And downtown the brownback saw that the city thought and moved at a rate and complexity no human could ever match for there were buildings under demolition and buildings under renovation and buildings under construction and interrupted constructions under demolition and interrupted demolitions being reconstructed and all the noises and dust storms played amongst themselves like bored tiger cubs. And for some reason browncoat walked straight to the most ungainly and least ferocious and most monochromatic building he could see and the building was new but completed and seemed fully functional for there was an huge line of people waiting to go in.
And no one in the crowd knew what they were queuing for and they had joined the line many hours before and even then the line had been enormous and they all went by the principle that if so many people were queuing it must be something worthwhile and all the many people simultaneously choosing to go inside the same building could not be wrong since they were so many. And the browncoat pretended to need to use the bathroom urgently and threatened to let loose in the middle of the crowd and the guards let him in but asked him to hurry the fuck up and use the handicapped bathroom since it was generally less likely to be occupied.
And the brownback walked in the only hallway and the hallway eventually split in two and the two new hallways were very short and led to two rooms labelled men and women respectively. The brownback went into the room labelled men and saw that it consisted of an huge open space and there were hundreds of hospital beds and lounge chairs and hundreds of men being talked to and operated on by hundreds of doctors and hundreds of nurses. And all the doctors told all the men that there were essentially three options and they were all perfectly safe and that none of them hurt not at all not the tiniest bit and these were removal of the testicles or permanent erectile inhibition via injection – this would also leave the men bald and most likely toothless – or removal of the testicles and the penis if only to etch the men legibly onto the safe side. And the men nodded and weighed the three options and discarded the second immediately for they were very attached to their hair and most went for the third. And the doctors would inform the men that because of the risible lack of funding and suitable conditions and equipment the doctors would be performing the operations right there on the lounge chairs and there were no anæsthetics so could the men please grit their teeth – which they were very wise to keep by the way so excellent choice – and not bother the doctors excessively during the operation as this only made them irascible and vindictive and the men knew how doctors can be petty didn’t they so it was best to leave their complaints until after and oh if they wanted anything at any time including during the operation like a drink of water or a last swing at one of the buxom nurses they should just get up from the beds or lounge chairs and tuck their innards back in if need be and do what they needed to do and get back in reasonable time no worries whatever. And the men nodded so the doctors said they would spare the men their blathering and they pulled out their switchblades and steak knives and letter openers and carved the men up and started work. And some of the doctors were quite old and naturally made mistakes, most of them quite anodyne and rectifiable, such as opening up the men’s chests or performing prophylactic lobotomies or giving the men complimentary circumcisions.
And the brownback walked to the nearest man who appeared to have passed out from pain in his navy blue lounge chair and his doctor was so absorbed in his work he did not notice the brownback at all and the brownback asked the nurse, who was doing nothing at the time anyway, if she could waken the patient for the brownback had some nagging questions. And the bored nurse nodded and she poked the fainted man repeatedly in the shoulder with her sharp nail and this triggered a reflex kick of the man’s left foot and the kick made full contact with the doctor and the doctor lost his balance and fell over and tried to arrest his fall by stabbing his razorblade into the man’s leg and and sliding down along the man’s leg with the razorblade and holding on and the deep slash must have deranged a nerve center in the man’s leg for he screamed out and opened his eyes and was fully conscious. And browncoat seized this advantage and asked the man who had forced or coerced him to undergo this operation and the man said no one it was absolutely voluntary and browncoat asked him why do it then and the man said it was free and browncoat asked him whether he had considered the numerous ramifications of such a procedure and the man said no not really but his wife was a prude and he was bored of vag anyway and he wouldn’t miss it at all eh what.
And the brownback thanked him for his answers and exited the men’s operation room and entered the room labelled women.
And in this other room, which was as large and densely populated as the previous one if not more so, there were also many many lounge chairs and doctors and nurses. And the women in the lounge chairs did not receive a verbose briefing or a trinity of options but were told to lie down and spread their legs and the doctors did not make any fuss over their simple repetitive but to them eminently necessary work and they sewed and stitched the women’s cunts fully shut. And there were other non-medical men in the room holding women’s hands during the operation, presumably husbands boyfriends lovers or fathers. And the women’s operations were significantly faster than the surgery on men in the other room, and the supportive men helped the women up and gave them a solid shoulder and helped them walk out of the operation amphitheatre and back outside. And some men would, for unknown and incomprehensible reasons, grow very excited and take their women then and there on the lounge chairs or in the small hallway and they the men would breathe relieved although they could rarely hear themselves breathe or think through the women’s screams and the men would walk out and immediately put the women back in the growing queue outside and this was not as tedious as it sounds since women were processed much much faster than men so they and their accompaniments were out in less than three hours generally although there were some deviations.
And the brownback had seen all he had wanted to see and did not fail to marvel at what fat black echoes lurked in the cavities of his fat black O’s and D’s and Q’s, and as he was about to walk out of the building he ran into a small man wearing a long blue coat. And the small man looked at the browncoat and inspected him thoroughly but quickly and was rather surprised by the results and then looked up to browncoat’s face and flashed a long, painful automatic smile and asked browncoat how he was and if there was anything he the small man could help him with. And the browncoat was put off by the infectious, acquisitive emptiness in the small man and in the small man’s words and told the small man he was leaving. And the small man extended an arm sideways to prevent this and still smiling told the browncoat that it was impossible not to notice, and now that he the small man had noticed it impossible to un-notice, how the browncoat was in a building holding a specific designated purpose and yet he appeared to be walking out of it without having achieved and embraced that purpose. And the browncoat looked at the small man and cut his eyes on the steeled sharpness of the small man’s smile and told the small man that he had come here with his wife and had been with her in the women’s room but unfortunately she had not survived the operation and so he was going to their his and his wife’s home to grieve. And he believed he would not be a suitable subject for the doctors in the men’s room anyway since he would grieve and cry uninterruptedly and this surely would greatly aggravate the doctors and only render his own operation more uselessly complex. And the small man’s steel was knocked out of his smile by the diamondblade of the browncoat’s logic and he extended the same hand, tame and friendly now, and gifted the browncoat with his honestest condolences and it was tragic and they were stomping on the incidence of female death but unfortunately the evil had not been wholly eradicated and he hoped the brownback would understand in time that it had all been for a supremely necessary cause and reason. And the browncoat waved the unspoken blame away by saying no no he understood fully it was just that the human mental infrastructure was less gifted at processing such events than the statist hivemind regardless of their moral and logical necessity but regardless he hoped to make a full recovery as soon as his wife was cremated.
And the small man offered the browncoat a consoling tour of the facilities and how could the browncoat say no and he took him around to see every nook and cranny and explained all the procedures and the subtle differences between the hygienic requirements for operating on men and women and then he took the brownback to a series of offices behind the men’s room and there he introduced a small woman typing away as his wife and the small woman waved at the browncoat and returned to the typing for it seemed very lively and important. And the small man said he was chief doctor here and much of the intellectual framework for the centre and its operations were his no need to clap so forcefully he told his wife and now his life story he had also been the centre’s first male patient and he proudly displayed his full mop of hair and the absolute flatness of his crotch.
And brownback asked the small man what had attracted him to this business initially and the small man said this was his life’s passion and previously he and his wife had run a fertility clinic but then he was confused and inverted everything and only after a numinous chat with a superior man did he understand how wrong and counterproductive his life’s activity had been and under the seal of royal approval he had converted his fertility clinic into this centre and he was extremely dedicated to its work and that he also had a side business in contraceptives and granted his two operations rather cannibalised each other but regardless he was so dedicated to the entire range of options available to prevent human reproduction that if he could he would even issue a bull on immaculate birth control if he could that was hehe but that was just a silly man daydreaming and no need to pay attention.
And the small man also told the browncoat that in addition to his wife’s very giving involvement with his project his daughter worked as a nurse in the men’s room she was a vampyric little nympho but she was her father’s little nympho and his own mother at the advanced age of 88 worked as a doctor in the men’s room also for his mother too was an inexcusable slut la-la-loved the cock that nigh-nonagenarian cur but how could the small man not love her passion for his passion (for the excising of the objects of her passion). And the brownback saw that the small man was highly enthusiastic about his ideas and his work and he asked the small man whether he wasn’t maybe a deluded victim of his own destructive energy and propaganda and the small man said that this was very droll to him and he was an highly rational fellow and, as his wifemotherdaughter will surely tell the browncoat, there is nothing he has lessmore talent for than being a prisonervictimtyrantprophetapostleapostate.
And the browncoat said he saw that this was the highest truth and he was very grateful for the tour and the lecture but now he had to go mourn his wife in privacy and gratitude and reverent salutations to the small man’s mother. And the small man said he would escort him out and they said goodbye to the small man’s wife who ignored all around her and was only attuned to the discrepancies in her husband’s manic voice and only reacted when she sensed that he was riding another paranoid burst of exomologesis and even then she only watched to ensure he did not attempt to prove his guilt and authenticity of faith by extracting from within another of his cavitary organs of value moderate to bio-high. And the small man and the browncoat walked to the main hallway and the small man stopped the browncoat and asked him whether he was really who he said he was a mournful widower and whether he hadn’t actually been sent by his employers to supervise the operations and evaluate his work and his voice was trembling and his eyes were confused also. And the browncoat said enigmatically that regardless of all this mud he thought the small man was discharging his function very and very well and he winked at the small man and the small man was very relieved and emotional about being very relieved and the small man shook brownback’s hand and thanked him and spoke so fast he was spitting in brownback’s face and brownback finally said it was time for him to go for he also had duties and functions to carry out and the small man winked in solidarity and returned the brownback’s hand in almost the same state he had found it in and said goodbye and brownback walked out of the building.
And he walked away from the building, and other men and women who had been inside the building walked with him, and they all had bizarre approaches to walking and the men spread their legs as far as they could, in both length and width, and the women walked on the tips of their toes almost without separating their legs at all overweight ballerinas, and the browncoat paraded his normal walking before them and raced past the men and the women and into the uninterested lights of downtown Peterburg.
Chapter vii
to: allie, bestest girlfriend
from: janie aggrieved (middle name: enraged), aka your favorite exchange student
allie, man, i’m truly sorry the only human being i truly hate has to be my mom;
spoke to velvet [host mother] yesterday
we cried together, and she said all moms do stupid things; but no matter how stupid it is, it’s still mom’s express desire and she has to respect it; but she said she understands everything all too well, and she’s with me, she’s there for me; she’s really there for me…
forest [host father]… sucks ass. he suddenly grew a pair and started taking this host father thing seriously; told me i couldn’t see Him, and that was it, and all types of other bullshit; and he said that in this house what he says goes, etc; and i ended up crying in his arms, and he cried with me, but then again i was only crying because of him getting a hard on over this stuff in the first place; 
duuuuude… these people were okay with it, because they had no reason not to be okay with it – until mom obsessively specified that the program says no boyfriends, and emphasyzed that she forbids it as well
fuuuuuuuuuck
honestly
i hope i just never see her again; my only releif is that im away from her now; although, if this happened back in the old country, i would have left home by now and not gave a fuck once and for all; believe me allie: ONCE AND FOR FUCKING ALL.
now i have to sit here and think how stupid one person’s obsession can be
this hasn’t changed anything
i’ll still see sterne [forbidden boyfriend]
this only brought us closer;
but the disapointment, this sensation of ramming my head against the wall, makes me think fuck em all every last one and fuck their fucking ‘protection’, makes me wanna tear my clothes off one day and just take sterne fucking take him, make him a boyfriend like it says in the fucking definition; like fucking enough already, you know; the moment is approaching; yeah, like in donnie darko, when you’re sick of all the shit and you just simply fucking do it, just absolutely shitting on all the rules and norms and programs and MOMS and rules
normally, i wouldn’t have even thought of doing it
but now, i even know the day it’s happening: wednesday
come wednesday, i probably wont be a virgin anymore; that’s just a fait divers; because the rest are idiots, and if im the only thing that can hurt them then so fucking be it; poshli vy vse nahui, suki
limits suck, but ive reached the limit
yours,
the rebel child inside you

The browncoat found this letter in his mailbox one day and imagined it must have been dropped there by mistake. He scratched his cerebra and jogged lazily through all the people in his building and determined that the likeliest recipient was the blond airhead whom he always heard running, presumably for fitness because she had a smiling face, down the stairs and up the stairs and around the block and in her tiny apartment three storeys above him. He read in until he reached the line that started in ‘we cried together’, lost what little interest he had in the situation and dropped the letter, half-removed from its envelope, on the floor, without bothering to crumple or shred it. 
The child’s letter landed gently onto the carpeted floor and stayed there, written side up, waiting for another tenant to walk by, one whose curiosity wouldn’t resume its natural flaccidity so easily. It was even conceivable that the first person to notice it and pick it up would be its lawful recipient, but the browncoat did not bother with such irrelevancies and went back to his room.
The browncoat had been a student at the biggest university in Moscow for two and an half years. He refused to live in any of the university’s halls of residence and rented a one-room flat in a tedious building in a tedious cerebral eclipse part of the city. He had his own bathroom but shared a kitchen with the other people who rummaged around on his storey. The browncoat would frequently go into the kitchen late at night when most of the others, responsible young bureaucrats and rubicund young builders and Rubenesque young chambermaids, were maximising their mourning efficiency and ulterior earning potential in their respective tonically warm beds, the restorative pods of the happiest production, and late in the night would he remove all the milk bottles from the kitchen and he opened and took them to his room, taking great delight in the way the glass bottles clicked and scratched each other in his arms in what to him were agonisingly loud noises that would force a snoring platoon to come to attention but wilted pathetically before the vulgar health of the tenants’ sleep, and in the inevitable little spills that he would come back to and push into the little creaks in the parquetry with the tips of his shoes and hope the spills would remain visible so as to give any potential detective a trail to follow to the scene of the secret crime but none would come. And in his room the brownback would place all the milk bottles on the table open before him and most times there would be six to seven bottles and he would summon the blond airhead from three storeys above him to the insides of his closed eyelids and think hard on her and in a few minutes spill himself into the first milk bottle. And then he would think on the blond airhead again and this time it took longer but not by much and he would cataract into the second bottle. And then he tried to use the blond airhead again but she had been all used up all thoughtout all thoughtup and he had to resort to other females and males of similar anonymity and athletic inclinations and he would squeeze himself into every one of the remaining milk bottles, and by the time he was done which was three to seven minutes per spill and the additional pair of minutes of recovery he required before the last two rounds he was quite soft in the head and reddened and his veins were angry but also proud at him. And he would close the milk bottles and shake all of them until the flocculent islands that lingered rootless on the surface of the milk that he always wanted to christen but somehow always forgot to map into his cerebral domains had been wholly consumed by the uniformity and lesser density of all the sickly white around them. And he would embrace all the bottles and struggle to open his door and walk across the vulnerable corridor that always took him to the kitchen and leave the bottles where he had found them and although he would always remember the exact initial position of each bottle relative to the others and which way each of their labels had faced and even how they had tilted he always made minor intentional mistakes and arranged them too carefully too rationally and too efficiently and always thought a kindred mind would have noticed and become suspicious but the scurrilous residents of his storey were too closed to the world of the milk bottles and never cared and could barely recognize which bottle was theirs when they drank cold milk in the morning. Twice the browncoat braved discovery even further and opened two fresh bottles that had been sealed for the morning and replaced the seals and bottle caps in noticeably clumsy dispositions and the unity of virgin milk bottle and seal and cap was irremediably broken but in the morning the owners of the deflowered bottles would either not pay attention to how the seals came off far too easily or think their neighbours had opened their bottles by mistake but abstained from drinking and were too embarrassed to tell them and so it was ultimately of no importance that the seals had been broken. And he did this each night and his neighbours smiled at him in the mourning, laughing at his sluggish demeanor and poor cuntry boy adaptations to the cycles of an active city life.
And the browncoat would go to his university in the afternoon and listen to courses he stuck his tongue in his ears to wash off as soon as he left the lecture halls and walk among many students of the same course, some nodding and some debating the merits of the ideas and some walking alone, their faces washed off in their long hair, and some reciting the knowledge words of the course into their sleeves until all material evil had been warded off. And the courses were brief and the work a thing of mirrors and translations and the browncoat had as always more than enough time for staring and walking.
And he decided to serialkill his time and added some fresh faces, experimentally, and he ate with the fresh faces and off the fresh faces before the course at the university and the fresh faces looked all around him in curiosity and talked and their talk was thunderclap and their tongues flicked and hooped and pounced on the biggest toughest words and slithered around the words and bit their necks and injected them with their mollifiers and could thereupon taste and chew the big words up as was their pleasure. And the smaller tongues of the fresh faces would not brave the biggest words, which were loners, but stalked the wordhordes with old men’s patience and crept upon the weaklings, the antediluvians and the hatchlings, and brought the weak words down and mounted them and bit into their rumps and the smaller tongues of the fresh faces went not hungry.
And in the lecture hall the professor was talking of writing and spilling, spilling oneself onto the page and wafting oneself into the world, and always the spilling was of blood and ink, fungible, for ink must flow downhill, and that hill was death. And the map of death is evident in the shortest and simplest letter, the unprotected I, a letter so black and conquerable its nude defenders had no choice but to die with honour or in either cowardice. And there were many ways to suicide on the page, and the professor talked of writers with a text so compressed and sharp it shredded its own pages into tiny, identical black and white pieces, like a puzzle, text so sharp it opened the throat of the author rehearsing it in his mind, staging and dancing the suicide, and brownback was sleepy. And the professor spoke of writers hanging themselves from a tree branch made entirely of ocean, and of worlds of broken eggshells hungry for the open throats of characters and writers alike.
And the browncoat wondered whether lactates could kill his potentialities in progeny and whether one of his neighbours would fall pregnant and defeated before their morning milk because mysterious were the paths trodden by the will of the lord so he had been taught in all his books and all his courses and if the lord wished to grant the browncoat perpetuation then so would it be even if it be through the calcareous mouths of his voluble morning neighbours.
And there was one who titled himself brownback’s self-anointed favourite fresh face, an insolent dark student whose course was even longer and more caliginous that the brownback’s, and this new student often walked to the browncoat’s flat with the browncoat, and he often would come up to the browncoat’s storey and come into his room. And there the new student would susurrate blind milky nothings into the browncoat and he would fuck the browncoat and always very quickly and very cleanly, and then the new student would stay in the browncoat’s one-room apartment and he would read the white sheets on the browncoat’s bed and would sometimes write on the sheets and sometimes dress up in them and walk back to his own room in a student hall of residence clad in the browncoat’s sheets. And once after fucking the browncoat the new student asked for some good white paper and a pencil, and the browncoat was to remain very still, and within an hour the new student had painted a good functional portrait of the brownback. And the new student hung the portrait on brownback’s wall and left the apartment. And brownback tolerated the portrait for many of his university years, although he had never been painted prior to this, and the price the new student had had to pay for the portrait was never seeing browncoat again.
And the brownback had two small mirrors in his flat, and he took one off the wall and on it he drew using the same pencil the new student had used an excellent copy of the new student’s portrait of brownback. And the browncoat’s version of the new student’s portrait was much improved and less gravitated earthward by the demands of verisimilitude and had far better movement, and fury in it. And then the browncoat approached his second mirror, which was still hanging on his wall, and he stared hard inside the second mirror and then punched it so hard the mirror was permanently broken but not in fragments merely cracked survival and the shock of the punch was so great the second mirror never displayed another reflection and was permanently reduced to repeating and repainting the last image it remembered before the punch and this was the long stare of the browncoat. And the browncoat returned to the first mirror and started bending and folding and creasing it and at first the mirror threatened to break but the browncoat knew how to write his will through the small wounds in between his knuckles and the first mirror did not break and it finally bent and was submissive and the browncoat fashioned an envelope out of it. And the browncoat repeated the bending upon the second mirror and despite similar resistance and shrieks and protests of unnaturalness the second mirror, she of the immortal frozen browncoat, folded also and became an envelope. And the browncoat sent both envelopes to the hall of residence where the new student had a room, and the new student opened both envelopes and cut his fingers and inside each envelope he found a rejection slip and a commemoration of a bonfire of some vanities or others. And the new student never came up to the browncoat again and forgot the walk from the course to the browncoat’s street.
And after two and an half years of his course brownback finally removed the new student’s pencilling of the browncoat from his wall and burned it using a redheaded match and tossed it out of the window in midburn. The portrait writhed and coiled in its fall and landed in a small ditch still filled with muddy rainwater from that mourning's downpour and the parts that weren't submerged kept burning for a while, until the drenched and the charred met and a sarcastic sizzle was all the browncoat got for his efforts. When browncoat returned to his flat that evening there was still a puddle in the small ditch but no remains of the portrait.
And on the full-bodied rictus of the browncoat’s experience of the city, university stood bulbous and dominant as a curvaceous accumulation of pus rooted upon the very sole of the browncoat’s right foot, rendering any movement impossible without screams of pain and generous, illiquid slushes of molten fatty. And the fresh faces bred of the university’s suppuration would crawl underneath the browncoat’s skin like worms of pus, and traverse the entirety of his body without finding an adequate breeding ground for their parasitic pus ideas, for the pus worms bred by speaking and by snaking their pustulous speech behind the ball of the browncoat’s eye, up his nose and down his ears and straight through his tears would they shoot words carved in purulent drool. But not all their speech was so immediately viscid, the host organs had to be seduced first, so the fresh faces and the professors charioting them in fervid races across the browncoat’s undersoil engaged for him and others in tourneys of amative dialectics where fresh faces would duel one another with blades of soapbubble and hilts of lilies. And the elegance of their games was thraldom for an open mind and the competition gentle and the lights unceasing. The cursive duels caressed their spectators down to their very core, and the professors and the fresh faces almost always believed that core to be reason and utility and the human grasping of æviternity, and the soporific gentleness of their lilies flew soothingly from the duellists to the spectator’s sacred soul. And the browncoat watched this war of roses, this flower-throwing contest. And the fresh faces spake and thought as though it were easy to make a rose petal fly anywhere, fly not float, especially forwards, without an iron pellet ‘neath it. And they told him so and they saw no reason to give up.
And the browncoat never thought particularly hard on much of what truly concerned and occupied the professors and the fresh faces, so his mind did not need to breathe at all in their alien atmosphere and there were no cracks in it for their pusworms to blade through. He did not need to think, for each night, long after his games with the milk bottles, he would grow awake and require no more physical sleep and he would stand up on his bed. And in this lucidity his member would shoot up and tattoo itself onto his stomach, strangled red with its own momentum, seeking to reënter the undifferentiated safety and flaccid quiet of an imaginary womb hidden underneath the omphalos. But then matin would insinuate itself through the open windows, and in the matin his flesh thawed, cruciferous, and fell again into the despondent vigilance of the shrivelled leper. And the brownback loved his flesh no more than he sacrificed to his mind, but at least the matin and its ever nascent population of fresh faces were mostly uninterested in his flesh and wanted only the simple kenosis of his mind.
And yet this would not happen, the pusworms would not get an empty, fertile cradle in the brownback’s cranium, because his mind already knew no terms resistance limits definitions and did not exert itself in distinctions judgments feelings retentions-of-sapience and had no words to defend repel divide apprehend and no logics had ever irrigated its desiccation and no cartographies blackened it with desire and discrimination. The brownback did not find their reason strange or violently unpleasant, he simply learned to live alongside reason and remain indifferent to its tempestuous echolalia and its untiring territorial provocations and its staunchly intentional prosopagnosia.
And so the browncoat abdicated himself from his reserved chair at the university, and gave back all the books and returned unto the fresh faces their opinions and exegeses and forgot his morning walk from the flat to the lecture hall. And the professors were not much deranged by browncoat’s departure since the remaining bodies were warm and the sedentary pulpit faces were fresh and neatly folded and freshly painted so not dry and the professors could steal the fresh faces’ thin watercolors and fingerpaint and watch the real moustaches shoot forth from the fresh faces.
And when the brownback made his final return from his previous university he was stopped at his door by one of his neighbours whom the brownback had never heard utter a word before and the taciturn neighbour asked the browncoat whether he knew why he the neighbour had always been so taciturn. And the browncoat did not know and the neighbour said that he would tell the browncoat of it and the taciturn neighbour’s mustache moved as he spoke. 
The neighbour had been a man once and he had had a wife and also friends of a great many condiments of personality. And the former man and his friends escaped to a sordid bar one night and other men did not take kindly to them and there was escalation and one of the other men lost an eye and one of the other men died the following mourning. And the former man appeared to be responsible and so was sent to jail for a dozen labors of four movements and twelve notes each. And the former man had not been a rich man and left his wife almost nothing and his poor wife had never worked a day in her poor life and so she struggled awhile and stayed with friends but they hadn’t many friends and all the friends had been the former man’s and they never could forgive the poor wife for stealing part of the former man away from the night of the former man’s friends and so the poor wife could not stay with any of the friends long. And after there were no more friends and no relatives for the wife and the man both had been orphans the poor wife began to starve but could not take up work for it was beneath her and she would have to learn new skills and her soul was not capacious enough and the hours were horrible. And the poor wife grew in her decision and she became a whore; and a good whore she was for she was very popular and all the former man’s friends came to see her and paid good money for her but she gave back some of their money so long as they would not talk to her during. And the poor wife failed to lose her looks and lustre in all of the twelve years and she led a good if boring life materially and the former man’s friends, all married friends themselves, could never stop seeing her and were very much addicted to her smell and her lazy veins. And the former man got out of his jail and as soon as he was released he ran to his former house but no one was there and he asked the neighbours who were all new faces to him if anyone lived there and they said yes a lovely decent lady lived there and he asked if they knew where he could find her for he needed to see her and it could not wait and the new neighbours nodded in comprehension and gave the former man the address of his poor wife’s brothel although they did not tell him it was a brothel for they thought there was no need he must have known already since he was asking for her in the familiar desirous desperation of other passers-by and they the neighbours were smiling unto him. And the man ran to his poor wife’s brothel and saw it was a brothel but did not stop for contemplation not for one second for business was his and the former man entered the brothel and saw his poor wife at the bar but she did not see him and he approached the sallow bawd and paid for an hour with his poor wife and issued clear instructions and the bawd understood and she went to the poor wife and told her to hurry upstairs and wait in there with a blindfold and not speak until spoken to and the former man ascended the rather short staircase for some men were more obese than he
And then the taciturn neighbour opened the door to his own room and walked in and did not pause his retelling and shut his door and moved on echoless footstep and his soft machine lost its brittle words in the brittle movements of his mustache. And the browncoat knew he the browncoat would make himself at home in an absent life so very much like the taciturn neighbour had made himself a durable home in his own absent life. Certainly there was little else he could do.


Chapter vii


On the night of the browncoat’s conception, his mother really should have, in hindsight, just sucked his father’s cock.
But such an omission would in turn have prevented his parents from telling and retelling and endlessly rewriting and mythologizing the event for the four year old browncoat, as indeed any well-meaning parent literate in the psychology of the abyss would and should have done.
‘he fucked me so hard my kidneys shifted,’ 
had been his mother’s prevailing diagnosis and fondest recollection thereupon, whereas his father apotheosized and eulogized the primal scene thus
‘she fucked me so good i couldn’t recall my first name for a good 5 minutes. and when it finally came back to me, i kept mispronouncing it for a solid quarterhour.’
And when the browncoat turned seven and was old enough to sin and be thereby damned unknottably, his parents procured for him a large, classical two-person bed. It was made of good Russian oak and when brownback rapped the wooden armature with the protruding bony parts of his fingers the bed would sing but the brownback was the only one who could hear its songs. And his parents told him the bed was his for keeps yes for keeps and when he would grow up and be his own man and have his own house, the bed would still be his and he would take it with him to the new house and find a good girl and marry her on the bed and have a family and raise his children also on the bed yes his very own children for him to educate and discipline and would they obey him in all yes they would they had to they were his children weren’t they all good children obey their eld in all. And so the boy browncoat thought the bed a very sensible gift even as he thought his parents tragic imbeciles, for (most) beds survive (most) marriages and in fact also (most) families and a solid majority of the human lies such institutions are predicated upon and the boy browncoat knew this.
And in his magisterial oaken bed the boy browncoat would rape himself awake in the mourning when all good little boys went to school and did not cry over their spilt sleep then laughed himself naked and thorny in the evening when all good little boys went to sleep and did not fuss over their domestication and their leashing under the lovely melodies of the prayer beads.
And each mourning the boy browncoat would leave his parents’ house with a large backpack glued to his unpretentious frame and he would walk on his little street that led to his little school, past the sleepy brasserie and the energetic bakery and the generous baroque fountain whose centrepiece depicted a marble demigod with his head decisively pushed halfway up a further marble demigod's ass. And often he would see his father’s car gently accelerating on the same street, frightfully late for work although his offices did not open for another hour and an half. And once he saw his dad stop his car when the lights turned red although the whole street was uninhabited at that hour and there wasn’t the slightest trace of any other car. And the only people on the street were some beggars who made their cyclical living accosting drivers who stopped at the streetlight and asking them for small pittances and anodyne mercies. And a legless beggar in a clumsy wheelchair approached his father’s car and his father rolled down his window and gave him twenty kopeks and was instantly myrrhed the greatest saint who’d ever trod this lonesome cemetery road or the world even for walpurga herself had never given him so much as a dried shit. And sensing the good mood percolating through the browncoat’s father and into the unwelcome chill outside his car – a good mood inexplicable at such an early mourning hour in most systemized realities – another beggarwoman ran up to his window and demanded her own minor succour. And his father had already produced another twenty kopek coin and was about to extend it unto the beggarwoman when he looked up and saw her face and asked her whether she was a gypsy. And yes that was exactly what she was a gypsy beggar and his father withdrew the coin and informed the beggarwoman that he doesn’t give money to gypsies and that she was not to bother him anymore and a bourgeois imprecation upon her wretched womb for perpetuating the agony of a sorry lineage forever damned and irreversibly unfit for living among the cements of modernity. And then the gypsy woman abandoned all solicitude and quickly produced a small ribbon smeared with putative blood – it looked like blood and both the browncoat from a distance and his father up close later swore it had been blood doubtless – and tried to tie the ribbon around his father’s rear-view mirror and screamed at his father that now she would mark him. And his father sped off and rolled his window up and crossed himself and promised to remove his family from this putrid malevolent area but the gypsy beggarwoman was not there when he returned in the evening and she was not there the next morning either and she must have been afraid of the police most such entities are and so the browncoat and his parents did not move. But his father installed tinted windows on his unassuming car the very next day none the less, hoping the gypsy’s curses were as slow and blind as their wielder. And his father’s mornings subsequently became quite identical and no more beggars would approach him for his useless change at stops and streetlights for the word about him had spread and there went one of his father’s clearest springs of daily conversation and this made his father quite unhappy and he missed the gypsy beggarwoman almost instantly and his father’s misery was not long to reverberate in their erstwhile safely placid family life.
And school, as for ‘school’, school was for the boy browncoat just a way to cry inside a word. As were most things for the browncoat. But when he grew older he did not cry nor did he squeeze out teary freedom from any other word’s nutshell. And whenever the boy browncoat left his house he would always wrap his feet in thick old newspaper of acid Cyrillic ink and barbed wire before going out. For the dogs. He even did this most times he had to open his apartment door, to the milkman or the deliveryman or most times to his father.
And before the boy browncoat had ever been sent to school for the first time, he had gone out into his courtyard and found it to be summer. And he had never cared much for summer because after all it wasn’t so very different from the end of spring or the beginning of fall and his parents never went anywhere during the summer and so the boy browncoat never went anywhere either and so summer had been of no importance to him. But that day he found many other children in his courtyard, and some lived nearby and so were entitled to play in the courtyard, while many others had drifted from outside the browncoat’s block and were therefore intruders. And the browncoat and the native children regarded the other children in silent suspicion, until one of the other children came up to the tallest boy in the native group and this was the boy browncoat and suggested a game of football since the children were well divided in tolerable fairness among the two groups and each group had just enough girls and younger boys with their fingers in their mouths and their fingers down their summer shorts to play in goal and in defence so the other boys could have fun going forward. And the browncoat knew this was a sound suggestion and that this could mark the beginning of a famous tournament of skill and right of bragging among the two competing neighbourhoods and that a first victory in this sure to become legendary serialized clash of native kids and intruders would provide a nodal psychological impetus to carry on the winning tradition-to-be-established in future iterations of this war of conquering and destruction of territorial pride. And before the game could start one of the browncoat’s neighbours did not at all like that he had been relegated to defensive duties with the girls and the younger boys despite being almost two months older than the browncoat himself but the browncoat had said it was that or reserve goalie and the neighbour boy acquiesced but he hated playing defence as does everyone with half a brain and in his wrath and unspoken desire to challenge brownback for leadership of the local pack he picked up a clump of dirt and threw it at the back of the browncoat’s head. But the neighbour boy was an idiot and the clump of dirt missed the browncoat completely and hit the impromptu captain of the intruder side in the face and blew up as it hit the intruder captain’s face and his face was left brown and well scratched for the dirt was well coagulated and dry and tough. And the intruders howled at the provocation and the boy browncoat tried to negotiate a truce so as to identify the malicious thrower of dirt and punish him collectively but the intruder captain was incensed beyond dialogue and he picked up a clump of dirt of his own and tossed it at the browncoat’s head. The boy browncoat moved to the side and one of the other local boys received the dirt in his face. And of course there was no point in attempting to control the explosion of hostilities and the browncoat and all the local children armed themselves with clumps and fists of rock-hard homegrown dirt and battered the intruders, who were visibly and painfully disadvantaged because the dirt in the foreign courtyard did not know them and did not trust them to wield it with rectitude and movement and honor and desire and so the intruders suffered injuries and pain and a great many small boulders of hard dirt to the face. And to prevent utter humiliation and salvage the intruding neighbourhood’s reputation, or perhaps no such tactical thinking was involved and the boy concerned merely acted out of a preconscious impulse to preserve his own physical safety, one of the foreign boys picked up a rock similar in size to the clumps of dirt being thrown all around him and tossed it as hard as he the foreign boy could toward the biggest of the local boys he could see. And for all the foreign boy’s hurt and desire to hurt the throw was weak and inaccurate and its target the local boy saw the foreign boy taking aim and throwing badly and knew the projectile would hit him in the chest, an area of comparative invulnerability, and so the local boy stuck out his chest and grinned at the foreign artillerist in anticipatory triumph and just as the local boy was yelling to the foreign boy that the he the foreign boy was an irrepressible cunt he was hit in the chest by the large rock and his cunt was knocked off his lips and the local boy grabbed his chest and fell over. And the foreign boy was giddy with triumphant jubilation and picked up two more large rocks one in each hand and threw them both at the nearest locals he could see through his tears of uncorrupted joy. And naturally his coördination of the simultaneous throws was weak especially since he was far from a notable marksman in the first place and the rocks landed with an unpleasant screech on the cement next to the two intended victims. And seeing that the other side were fighting dirt with stone the local kids were outraged and such cowardice they had never encountered and the other side knew nothing of street warfare and escalation was imminent and the local kids invoked their tribal wargods and armed themselves with local rocks and the local rocks whistled and sang in the air as they drew their hypnotised targets nearer and arms were crushed and bones were rattled and chests were flattened and feet were swept and the boy browncoat cried out in feral joy under the hiss of the sun-obscuring volley and picked the biggest loveliest roundest smoothest throwablemost rock he could find and picked the loveliest pinkest handsomest most unblemished intruder boy he could identify within reasonable range and threw his perfect rock at his perfect victim as hard and as accurate as he would ever throw or do anything in his chronological life and the flight of the perfect rock was immaculate and virgin and the victim’s chest was to have its pretty flesh crushed and snapped and maybe even peeled off and the browncoat grew wild-eyed and tremulous but the throw was not to be for one of the local girls, the daughter of brownback’s closest neighbours and his secret best friend with whom he spoke and played and listened to Caruso more than with anyone else any boy any living being no contest, flew across the field of battle chasing one of the younger intruder boys who had still not extracted his hand from his summer shorts and the girl stopped the rock in dead flight and assaulted the perfect flight of the brownback’s perfect rock by interposing her left cheek and the rock met with soft resistance and still hoped it could still overcome this irritant-obstacle so the rock slid upwards and pressed on in scribbling fury up the local girl’s left cheek and the cheek was not interminable no valley is and the rock ascended to the girl’s eye and although the girl had closed her eyes glued with instinct as the rock pushed her back the eye’s pupil was a thin curtain and the rock feared no flesh for it saw no flesh and it burrowed up into the girl’s socket and dug deep into the dark and displaced the submissive orb it found there and finally discovered there was to be no more flight and lost its will and slid down from the girl’s empty socket onto her blue blouse and down her unstockinged foot and the local girl was frozen in marble shock in the middle of the field of battle and luckily for her she was just a girl and not very tall and thus not the proudest scalp but still she was hit in the head and in the blades of her shoulders by a few residual rocks small and utterly without ambition mostly thrown by intruder boys with arms too numb to attempt longer throws across the field and into worthier targets from the native camp. And the boy brownback saw what had occurred and looked around and none of his lieutenants were paying much attention to the girl focused as they were on repealing a nascent but anæmic counterassault fanging up from the intruders’ side and the girl herself now kneeling on the ground between the two camps was not looking around searching the field pencilling in funereal coaldiamond gray the Athena to her Teiresias but simply bleeding downwards trying to ensure with her last eye that she did not get blood on her blue blouse and she was so small and wrinkled in the middle of the field that no one even tried to hit her anymore no proud martiality in it or perhaps no one even saw her small and huddled on the field and the boy browncoat hoped she would simply melt and root herself down into the ground or the cement and threw a couple of tentative small rocks at her but she wouldn’t melt down and so there was not much else to be done and the browncoat yelled for his mother as hard as he could and hearing this the other local boys decided it was now acceptable to summon the most indurated of reinforcements and they too yelled for their mothers employing their carefully tuned victim voice and at first the intruder boys laughed at the host cuntry’s cowardice and who are the cheating cunts now ye transparent bastids but soon one mother and then another and yet another assumed their offensive positions on porches and balconies and some advanced toward the field and the intruders tried to scare off the mothers by throwing dirt encrusted rocks at their mostly pristine aprons but the bestial mothers shrugged off the challenge and marched on and the intruders saw this was no joke and scattered and bled out into the environs of the browncoat’s small neighbourhood. And the mothers immediately noticed the huddled girl and ran past the victorious cheers of their enraptured offspring and they took the girl in their arms and their clean rough domestic clothes grew dark spots where the girl’s head rested and one of the mothers yelled out who did this and the native children only now noticed their gravest casualty and they looked around and they looked at each other and they blinked with incomprehension and the mothers were inflamed by their children’s obliviousness and ran after them with shaking fists and fluttering aprons between their legs and the native boys too scattered before a force mightier and more elemental than their own although like the intruder boys before them they too attempted to scare away their mothers with a mostly inconsequential volley of hurriedly scavenged rocks to the mothers’ heads and although some of the mothers were hit and recoiled in defeated indignation most only wintered up their chase and the local boys had been defeated utterly and the boy browncoat ran the fastest although his mother did not appear to have come out to investigate like the others and the boy browncoat ran the farthest he ran a good six minutes to the nearest stadium where the native boys would have played the intruders had there not been such volcanic history at play earlier that morning. And the tallest boy and farthest warrior grew scared and hunchbacked and trembled for he seemed overtaken with fear over the immediate safety of his small and generally irresilient person and he looked around and it wasn’t even a real stadium just a dusty field of tolerable flatness with many small and not so small rocks sprinkled on it boys called the strings of larger rocks the obstacle course and these rocks guarded one of the goals and so whenever the native children played there one team would have to navigate these symplegades for the defending team would roll and throw the large rocks at the attackers’ faces and feet and the teams argued over who would get the fortressed goal and such fights experientially ended with the taller and stronger team scoffing at the hard-line beggars that such tricks would only make the drubbing they were about to inflict on the other ladies so much more unbearable and real men feared no rocks but willed the rocks into submission and calculated flight and dead cathedral and there was by now in all probability no one pursuing the boy browncoat but he knew nevertheless that his mother or his telepathically summoned to the scene of violation father or the girl’s father who did not work but mostly stayed at home and read cheap books at their low window so everyone could see him reading as opposed to the girl’s mother who worked all day and mostly all night and was hardly at home and only showed herself in the low window to challenge her husband’s choice of reading and to demand dinner or all three of them were right there behind him maybe watching him from behind a building or street corner and waiting to trap him in a trap of no escape and all three of them like an halitotic hydra would impose on him physical punishment of a systematic cruelty that would be at the very least equal to the cruelty of what the girl had suffered and unlike the girl who incurred her scar on the battlefield where such things come and go and laugh at you he the boy browncoat would be executed by a court of law and not in an equal or random fight and he hated the law so much both now and always and the browncoat knew then that there had been a breaking a final irreparable rupture and the consequences and he had reached a point a positioning that was not to be reached no not even contemplated in the safe distance of the horizon in the raging epicentre of the horizon and there was but one remaining solution and namely run away from home which he had already accomplished so that was a good clean start and avoid his parents and the girl and the girl’s vindictive father for the rest of his the boy browncoat’s natural mortal life which was of course easilier panicked than done and for lack of more constructive ideas he hid himself in the little underground passage that ran around the great hospital to which the dusty football field belonged and the underground passage was quite deep and almost fully covered there was but a little space for an underweight drunken adult to fall through and dark so people could not really see anything in it from without and the brownback fumbled and groped his way not to the deeper part of the passage because that was where most footballs inevitably ended up five or six times every game when the native boys played there and as incredulous as the thought made him now he knew that someday in the distant future the local boys and maybe other boys as well would eventually be allowed to play football again and they were likely to do it here and they would lose the ball to the underground passage and the least popular smaller boy on the team that had lost the ball would descend into the passage and look for the ball and the supreme gesture of infantile altruism one could perform was to go down and recover the ball even if one had not been the one to allow the ball to slide into the passage and even if one was not the smallest and weakest boy on the team. So the browncoat did not go to the deeper part of the underground passage where all footballs always ended up but to another part of the passage away from the pitch and that part was about two meters deep still more than generous apt to hide the browncoat thoroughly for at least another ten years of natural growth but the dark would stunt it so even longer fifteen good years even and if he was willing to duck or kneel for the rest of his natural existence he had no more worries on the invisibility side of the problem and the browncoat suspected that his current shelter was where the flows of urine charted by the neighbourhood’s incontinent alcoholics and the older kids who played on the hospital pitch and were not so afraid of the dark or wanted to prove they could scare off the dark by pissing in its face but still kept at least half their bodies in the well-lit parts of the passage when they urinated anyway this where the browncoat was currently crouching was where the flows of urine all converged and also where the neighbourhood’s many drug addicts would come and use their needles and their syringes and lie down and sleep it off and then wake up and trail off sometimes in the middle of the boys’ game which the boys found amusing to high heaven so amusing in fact that they often kicked their ball at the junkies top points for getting them in the head and dash off to retrieve their football and round the reeling junkie and run away and regroup when it was safe and there was no imminent danger not really because the junkies were too dazed and too slow and generally had no recollection when they sobered back up so no retribution was to be expected and so what someone’s balls got to the junkies’ head and there were balls in their face eh but the browncoat did not have to worry too much about stepping on needles and the like because despite their confused state upon waking up the junkies rarely failed to collect their needles for later reuse they must have had emotional value or were kept as souvenirs so needles were not going to be a major problem over the next ten to seventy years of the browncoat’s impending underground life. At least he would hear the native boys play once in a while and cheer for the stronger team and laugh whenever one of the weaklings would get knocked off his feet or slapped in the face or received a small rock to his head to distract him and get him to lose the ball if he was any good or skilled at dribbling the little ones tended to be irritating dwarfish untouchable fucks. So the browncoat’s principal objective was not to be found judged and condemned which entailed disappearing from the scope of the parental planet and so he armed himself with demoniacal patience and clutched the dirt-smudged bottom of his shirt and grit his teeth and spent in the underground passage a period of time that struck him as being equal in duration to all the epic battles between Beowulf and his endless parade of giants and dragons and to any Titanomachy or any sum and combination of Herculean labours and as expected in reality it had hardly been an hour and the boy browncoat hammered life to be too long and crawled out and in this hour although he did not fixate in his memory the flux of his tortured consciousness he later proclaimed himself convinced that he had managed to blame the entire world starting with the idiot world and the idiotic and cruel representatives of unfairly founded parental potency and of course it was only natural that he thought it extremely unjust that his promising haha and youthfully ebullient existence would have to end because of a game that had slipped out of control and in the end of ends how and why the fuck did they expect a fucking pipsqueak who could barely spell [Sisyphus] to exert any degree of effective control especially in a situation of total jungle absolute warfare but all such mental athletics did not import too very much at the time for the boy brownback was in any case swiftly defeated by a liminal degree of hunger and an overwhelming horror at having to unload his bladder in public especially in a disgusting hole in the ground well cement that was olfactorily and æsthetically repulsive and so he returned to his home and his father was there and no one said a thing and the boy browncoat’s normal existence was pacifically resumed with the tragic results the adult browncoat had before him each mourning or would have in any case if his bathroom mirrour weren’t perfectly inundated by cigarette smoke and if he ever actually looked in his mirrour in the mourning or at other times and if he actually used the bathroom or any other ersatz-sanitary facilities ever at all in his legally autonomous ec-sistence but no it would never stop and no why would it and fuckit and fuck that one-eyed girl fuck her in her empty socket would it not have been definitively preferable and seductiver had he become a vagabond and a bohemian at the age of seven at least he would have grown up a man but why all the spittle there was no spittle he was just having a bit of fun because and besides rare were the occasions upon which he ventured to produce a collector’s amount of flecks and fountains he was entitled to plan ahead and enjoy them was he not after all was he not a man no of course not he had never claimed to be and if this be a man and shut up and keep talking.
And another time when the boy browncoat had been nine or ten he ran away from his parents because all they ever talked about was politics and he took shelter with an aunt and the aunt had a son a cousin two or three baby years younger than his own browncoat self and the boy brownback suddenly did not like ceasing to be the youngest and most vulnerable of the cubs and not getting the first glass of stale goat’s milk and he christened a brief session of mockery and inept psychological torture on his cousin and his cousin culminated in a passable impression of someone losing his calm and threw a toy gun at the browncoat’s head. The six shooter was a life-size model and poured in metal and accented in wood and it was a most heavy and expensive toy and the cousin’s favourite toy and the revolver would surely have deformed the boy browncoat’s babied skull had it hit him properly and honourably but unfortunately and naturally it flew right past him for his cousin was too young and underdeveloped to kill the law would not allow it a wasted kill no credit and the toy revolver flew its course and destroyed the glass cabinet housing his aunt’s good silverware and holiday porcelains and the cabinet’s glass shelves broke down and the silvers fell into the porcelains and to this exact selfsame day the brownback was still unsure if damages could not have been minimized had the projectile realized its initial target.
And later still the boy browncoat had faced his baby brother who faced the browncoat on the carpet, seated in the Turkish manner. The boy browncoat pries open his brother’s legs, with some difficulty, and inserts his own legs between them. Ignoring his younger’s manifest blind suffering, he caresses and pets and kisses him on the mouth. The younger drops his head, is convulsed by a tearless sob, bites at his own tongue then headbutts the browncoat in the nose as hard as the younger could, but yet again they were too young to kill, and then the younger spits in the browncoat’s mouth which is struggling to breathe while splashing out the blood flowing from above for the browncoat until a very late age had always breathed through his mouth. The browncoat smiles and asks the younger whether he honestly did not like this. The younger flashes a coy smile and the browncoat, without separating their Turkish legs, pulls the younger’s pants down and fucks him.
And his grandfather, forgiving like Ouranos, told the boy browncoat that each book is a coffin and in it is his father’s body. And his grandfather was 65, and it was wrong to be 65. And his grandfather told him that after the original eternal children were lost in the woods and to the mountains and to the labyrinthine fumes of incense darkening their white walls, and the other more vulgar new tribes preyed on the fetid corpse of the children’s poorest attempts at texts and grew up and thought they knew and thought they knew well and were thus exiled from childhood and innocence, the only children eternally worthy of the name survived in the east and there they played and they toyed with the scripts of the first children, now lost, and offered their games unto god, and god favoured this. And his grandfather told him that in Russia and elsewhere there is no excuse for being an individual but extended no further explanation. And his grandfather walked the boy browncoat through the ancestral mansion and through all the useless rooms the boy wanted to touch but it was not allowed and into the wooden and aggressively inflammable library and the family library was enormous and the browncoat walked his hand atouch the walls and dusts and walls and lines of books and he smelted these ancient literary eructations into a single rampant conquering of all their names. And the boy’s grandfather told him not to dream, for romantics end consoled, metaphysically consoled, in short, christian. And his grandfather repeated that the existence of the world is only justified as an æsthetic phenomenon and if one has the capacity to live continually surrounded by crowds of ghosts, then one is a poet and how could nature be forced to give up its secrets otherwise than by a triumphant violation, that is, through the unnatural and such an unnatural is writing, is death, for a life written, written down into hell, could only be a life approaching its end. And his grandfather entreated the boy to love Russia and to write but to write only Russia and the primitive and that Kyivan Rus that broke legends’ backs and in mercy then domesticated the legends and felled the boils in the Mongol blood even as the Mongol blood was drawing a self-portrait in theirs the spilt blood of the Rus and its people.
And throughout his adolescence and all the way into his young adulthood the browncoat saved every last dropuscule of pus from every pimple he ever popped and he never let them stew and ripen he always aborted them at the first sign of intent and he would wipe the often solid unified pinpricks of pus onto the edges of his mirror and later onto the mirrour itself, on the point in the mirrour corresponding to where in his reflection the pimple had been and throughout these the days of his years he always carefully placed his willowy body in the same exact position to be inspected by the mirror and in two years’ time the browncoat had painted a photograph in infinite pus of his growing expanding fattening self onto the gray blades of his mirror and the dry pus shrank but never fell off the mirrour and finally there were no more papules to perforate and the brownback’s face grew out of the mirrour ejected from time and the brownback was a beautiful new soul and could not bear to look at his young mirror and so he packed it up and hid it underneath his childhood bed and there did he bury the person that had no patience for hollow eyes nor Greek foreheads nor impetuous incessant young beards.
and the old man said to a perfectly polite crisp little slit he did not know very well
‘and your nice is bleeding’


Chapter vii


and the girl walked past the university library, past the entrance to the university library, and there was no one there except the unrelenting ungiving librarian and one single young man who sat or rather stood before a study desk poorly illuminated before the librarian’s post and the single man masturbated violently and indignantly to a second edition leatherbound and all gold smiles of jane eyre and next to this there was an open copy of volume one of the second sex in the original and when jane eyre failed him which she did many many times the single man relocated the spearpoint of his glance to the second sex and fared much better and could afford to return to the first text. and the librarian looked at the single man with some suspicion from time to time and lingered on him but could detect no punishable wrongdoing and so the fierce librarian of sekhmet gritted the contours of her teeth and awaited the single man’s erring for it was ineluctable sin with silent white teeth.
and the girl left the city of libraries and entered her own flat and it was almost dark but there was yet a trickling of light and the girl moved her hand into the light. she stared at her hand. she moved her fingers and studied their movements and their interconnected acts, the art of their interconnectedness. she then placed her hand into the dark and focused hard on making its outlines shine through; her consciousness of a frequently alleged unitary self guided her like a thief’s blind candle. she wiggled her fingers in the dark and saw nay felt their ghostly movements, felt them send shockwaves of selfhood throughout the dark, a selfhood of guttural and candid nascency. she then placed her hand halfway between the light and the dark and wondered how she was her hand and she was both light and dark and she was master of both light and dark. she moved her fingers again and they chased away the dark and voluptuously called out to the darkness. then she realised this was bad literature so she stops.
and the next day but maybe earlier although certainly in the mourning her morning the girl looked out of her window and onto the bank of the neva she looked to where the stable cement road hadn’t snaked out yet and relative emptiness but she looked where there are still slips and muds and grass and stonemasons and there she saw an angel a white christian angel playing on a desert lizard stretched long between the angel’s outspread arms and the angel was accompanying the music with his mouth. and after a few minutes of the girl listening to the angel’s song she saw apollo raging and flying down in a rushed burn and ceding the morning and ripping the horsegut strings off his own lyre and flaying and dismembering the angel alive and tossing his skin and his remnants and his lizard into the river and the lizard drowned and the severed angelhead floated for a while but the short gray waves did not help it sing and finally the angelhead sank into the river.
and maybe it was unfair of the girl to think that the angel had been skinned and quartered alive since angels often don’t know whether they move and bore among the living or the dead and whether their song touches the living or the immortality of the putrescent the tunneled light of dying phosphorus, gimlets staring themselves into uterine walls.
and with the angel’s silencing the girl intuited that she somehow had to feel the drops and drips of condemnation swirling into her, the guilt iv feeding (off) her marbled arm and she thought about the angel and about her days and the brute force of the why. knocked her breath flying through her small room and for a few instances she became this hard futile maniac of the why. and she flustered and flapped about her room but it did not last after all causal families drained her rapidly and she grew small and quiet and closed her window so as not to hear the angelhead’s silence.
so she told him that she had fallen psychotically in love with a bisexual increasingly religious former heroin junkie who was also quite tall and of course she had, he told her, and he immediately deplored having come in. but the smallness of her room and her girlish person itself and her great restless eye would not allow him to leave so quickly and females knew nothing of strategic retreat so what use none was there.
and she told him of how some nights ago the junkie had needed a place to haunt over the night and had come to her small flat and they had played the withered old farce of the single woman, the very same woman as she, desperately in love with an oblivious conquistador who thinks they are just friends but they’re not are not they could not be for if they were friends only friends she the single woman would truly have to end herself. and since circumstances decreed that he the former junkie spend the night in her ungenerous osmotic little flat the early evening found the former junkie but henceforth simply the junkie for no junkie ever truly lives to name himself former but rather his soul dies with the habit and so the evening found the junkie half-regurgitated by her tuberculous couch it was a lazy weak couch but the only one the single woman had and the junkie elected not to complain and fell asleep early in the evening because that is what some junkies do and that at least was what the single woman surmised from the junkie falling asleep as early as he had and especially on such a rejection prone couch. and later in the night as the junkie slept she walks in, red négligé silent against the night, looks at him with great longing and sadness. he shifts a little in his sleep, she reflex-retreats, scared of his waking up. he moves the blanket and adjusts his head onto the greed of the pillow – she's burning up, caressing him with every look she spews forth from her great eye. he is taken with a spurting mood of flatulence – she doesn't event flinch and the loving expression never even leaves her face.
and here he the original he firstly pronoun’d not the present junkie-he here he interrupted and pointed out that yes there was no further need to unspool he understood the trick was that in the situation her incandescent love was the fucking match how boundlessly seductive and yes oh yes did she have anything to eat he had not eaten anything in over five days.
and some time later in their congregation as she was pouring him his fifth cup of tea and he had no more pockets to store the teabags in and that was when the junkie himself who had not spent any nights there in the flat for some time entered the girl’s flat and from his look and also from the her own look the junkie perceived that he and she had been talking about the junkie and his junkie self. and while the junkie pondered this he the non-junkie he on the other hand took in the bisexual increasingly religious former heroin junkie who was also quite tall and he saw that the bisexual increasingly religious tall former junkie had so many mountainous attributes and epithets especially in person all most visible and imposing that he did not quite know by which he should refer to the bisexual increasingly religious tall former junkie for he could not memorize other people unless he chained them to a single dominant explosively visible attribute and this was most confusing and debilitating and it rather murdered the conversation in fact no conversation to be had for none opened it and the bisexual increasingly religious tall former junkie was constitutionally a very impatient man who lived and spat and snored by the ebb of the conversation and there was none to be found or distributed here and so the junkie left and he never managed to meet and know and laugh with the bisexual increasingly religious tall former junkie.
and after the junkie stormed out she cried awhile out of her sombre eye no more than was regular or decent and she doubted as to the celibate binding intentions of the former she insisted former junkie and he handed her a noxious shrug gratis and taxed her a further teacup for his second but even a shrug was a gesture and so she gave him his tea and miracle succeeded in pouring six consecutive cups of tea and eleven if one counted her cups as well without breaking or dropping the samovar and all this in a most dangerous and willowy condition of mind.
and since the junkie’s departure she hadn’t said a thing and even on her best days there was such a shattered globe of hereditary quiet in her not that he could claim to know it and in truth furthermore he hardly knew the girl at all he had just come in for a glass of warmish tea but he found himself challenged by the obstinacy and the ease with which she gave away her self and her papier mâché dignity to a mirage of indifference a dervish of deeply lodged splinters a bad poet’s dream taken seriously they were all such bad poets ultimately. but at this she protested the junkie was much greater no the junkie was worthy of her salinities and he said the junkie was but a bloodless wildean epigone, a bloated flaccid codpiece of moth-eaten velvet in his the junkie’s best of days and at this she gave him the chance to explore the ruins of a smile and served him another cup of tea and he looked at her and looked outside into the street at the ambulations and at all the people and outside there were only people and erections as uglygray as old soviet architecture as if the whole world had been written by kundera and it did not take him long to decide he preferred even the world to her and to her girlish person in her small room but she stopped him yet again although she too had forgotten him in all these years. and she told him to look closer to look again and take in how the whole world was but unconscious mathematics and vacillating chains of numerals and atlas pillars of purified accounts and ossified symbolics and a crush of codicils and how people walking became data-impregnated screens with illuminated ciphers sliding across their shirts and cheeks the truth behind the image and the pretty colours as they ambled through the street markets and in all she was not lying so he stayed in her small flat.
and then she ventured that since the world was quite rigid and sanitary one could simply try to marginalise that section of the world that pertained to one directly that engulfed one and could not be persuaded to allay its grip and fix it tend to it improve it in gradations of forgiveness and ductile schematisms and the beauteous to be discovered in this slice of world was to be either artistic or moral and political for these were man’s instruments in mollifying his world and substituting his own systemics for its unyielding barbarism and gory linearity and thus rendering a small corner inhabitable and to each a small corner in the geometry of forgiving the world. and he said that moral pontificating atop the smoulders of the cadaver politic was boring and overdone and of course quite cheap and as for art well art was speech and human speech and look at literature as its representative and that he for one had noticed an increasing inability to relate to literary characters when they shout at him in (what is for him) sign language and these characters they writhe their bodies and twist their minds in morality and emotions, and he just can’t get them no comprehension no chasing no clutching, and the semiotics of feeling, of judging, escaped him and thus he cannot at all project or empathise and he did not even need to but all these characters expected and wanted him to he was not understanding them if he didn’t and therein crackled and died down the futility of art at least for him.
and she said that he spoke of art with that profound knowledge of love of him who had never been loved and this occupied him awhile but later he said that truly he spoke of it with the profound knowledge of love of him who had never loved, avec cette connaissance profonde de l'amour de qui n'avait jamais aimé.
and she said that his literature his view of literature was bacterial and multitudinous and had long been cleansed out by reality but that even he had to admit that in some pages in some sarcophagi there was a ton of man, a ton of novel. and he acquiesced certainly this might be so but literature did not require such ballasts to prevent it from flying off like coughs and helium and that literature, hers the face that launched his thousand neuroses, and then he added that tzara had written his name in the snow with a walking stick and said there. i think ill call it the alps. and she caressed him naïve and warned him he was magnificently unprepared for the long littleness of life but he could not simply quit simply retire and refuse or negate life silence was not in his nature and she knew this and she guessed at his nature by poking and pricking it constantly. and he stared at her and admitted that silence is impossible, even the death of language is discourse and that destiny can never be conjugated but in the perfect, it is a sealed time and a literature unmolested by the echoes of the spoken, the rarefied words, ghost-wor(l)ds in the interior of the word, silence and the quill cutting into the white and drawing black blood and the hunger for the word, the cannibalism of the logos and the world is not unexplained so long as one recites it, so long as one can recite it, especially in a monotone, and writing is a duration of dead signs who only matter insofar as they are transported away, invisible, and literature is the cadaver of language and style is the author’s prison, his solitude.
and she said that he was simply dribbling out a fractured fall into himself and that such livings could not help but evanesce peel off into their own whirl because no one could fall for ever. and he informed her she was being wrong and that if anything hamlet had crushed yorick’s skull in his hand and let the dust dance in his hair hamlet’s and that most of the time he wanted to shut himself out but he couldn’t because j'effraie le silence infini des espaces éternels.
and he said to her that he was among the loneliest people she or anyone would ever meet, and yet the supreme value of an human entity had always been for him that human entity’s conversation, by which he did not at all mean that he swooned at a good kingsley amis or henry james, not at all, but in his modest appraisal the key thing about a good conversation was that it should be utterly unlike his own. and she was surprised at this his own and asked what his own conversation was like. and he told her it was the type wherein every three to four exchanges he would toss his interlocutor a bone with just enough casual wit left on it to keep him his interlocutor happy for a painfully short while, after which grace period he would resume his not so very veiled requests that his interlocutor should cease humping his foot.
and he felt himself slip into prodigality but could not quite arrest himself and he further said to her that he was of course on the wrong side of thirty. and she acted surprised and constructively exclaimed that he was only twenty six. and he said that he knew and that there was no right side of thirty, and no right living in wrong life.
and then she said she was only too glad to be this wrong life’s lawyer before his aberrant witch hunt or tribunal and no tribunal if not the tribunal of reason, for truth. and to this he told her imprimis that truth is that which survives dialectics the longest and his dialectics is the cheer of a bloodsport and item that lawyers were loathsome to him and that he abhorred them and lawyers were his third most hated profession and joint top were suitably economists and professors of philosophy. and she asked him what of philosophers proper. and he said there were no more philosophers, just professors of philosophy and that if any of the latter lay claim to the title of philosopher she and anyone could rest assured that their the claimants’ worth as such could not possibly exceed that of the physical ink accidentally spilt on their phd diplomas and that he was sorry to be peddling such platitudinous positions but there it was.
and she told him of course that there was something truly scary about stupidity made coherent and he was only too glad to wolf down the hint and get up and negotiate the recalcitrant yale of her small flat but that was not what she had meant at all and she wrestled him back into submission at her tea table and proffered a new cup and teabags of different hues and he had to concede defeat once more and whenever he stopped talking she would extend her foot under the tea table and she stepped on his foot as hard as she could and she was strangely wearing winter boots inside her small flat and thus he had appreciably valid motives for supplying her with a dependable flow of conversation.
and he talked to her of man being absolutely seul entre tous les êtres animés de sécréter pour lui-même de l'irrespirable. and he talked to her of the rabid joy of the screaming of le verre d'eau dans la tempête. and she asked him why he was being so petulant and facetious and negative and she did not see why poetry gentle graceful poetry could not pacify the storm and purify the water in the glass of its subreal pollutions of the invisible worms and invisible hungers eating the glass from the inside. and he scoffed at poetry and said that bon nombre de poètes pourraient passer pour surréalistes, à commencer par dante et, dans ses meilleurs jours, shakespeare.
and she smiled before his bespittled sentencing and said that in spite of his titanic youth he spoke and faith’d as if all those years of maturity or the prime of life that awaited him up and down the acclivity looked to him like an interval between two bouts of vomiting, approximately, or that was how he spoke and how she understood him. and at this truthful ignominy he told her that he felt like he had walked into a swordfight armed with a dildo. and he lamented her steady employ of ad hominem assaults and logical bear traps and especially since she had said in the beginning or so he thought that the world outside her small flat was frozen and unbending and enslaved to logics and standards and sand-arts and why was she summoning that very same world in even the chastest and clinkingest of her words and worded winks.
and he confessed to her than if one were to ask him he would not at all deny that like most young eastern europeans, all he had was a dream and an hard-on, sans the dream component obviously. and she winked and told him that it was her firm conviction attested by countless hypostases of the above that every erection is positively unique: those bitches are like snowflakes. and he did not know quite what to do with this but nevertheless suggested that he himself believed (if at all) in two (if any) forms of communication: sex and irony.
and the turn of the conversation pleased her girlish person for these were roads well trodden and she asked him why the duopoly or better yet adversarial dichotomy of sex and irony for she favoured collaboration in most if not all things that was just what she was. and he once again confessed that as far as he could crystallise it there was little denying that his life – and its petty excuse for drama in particular – felt to him like the brief but violent narrative or leaden conversational interludes in between the fuck scenes of a confused porn flick masquerading as a film, not that there was much conversation to be had of late for evident constipatory reasons.
and she smiled at this and it was curious to him that she was the only one to smile consistently or at all in such conversations and she said to him that he struck her as being one of those rare creatures who can be correctly accused of suffering simultaneously from both verbal diarrhœa and mental constipation, or perhaps the adjectives were to be reversed and inverted, or perhaps both phenomena were purely verbal at hollow heart. and he raged at this and carried forwards by the relative veracity of her amused statement he promptly brought to her giggling attention that he was the best conversational fuck she had ever had and that granted, they were often tugging and pulling in opposite directions and actual (mutual) contact was rather rarefied that is inexistent and also they often appeared from unflattering angles to be of the same gender, but that did not dilute the experience, not one deep inch.
and at this slight of her previous she omitted to smile but called him and his for what they were they were mere beggarly fantoccini and that was all he and his multitudes were no defending one’s beloved from their derisive muck and she cursed his unwavering availability he was as available as the wind or the streets and that hereafterward he had nothing more to seek out on her streets.
and his relief at being able in all finality now to laugh his filial duties away and out of existence was exhausting but also insuperable it choked him but still he did not laugh he purveyed for himself the more august of exits and honored her great tracking eye by ignoring it unfailingly and latching on to the under-oiled door in her small flat and opening it and dashing down her stairs and carried forward falling off the shoulders of her imprecation he forever forsook her streets and left her to the mockery of living like a word between parentheses.


Chapter vii


and on and off he walked his sigh hungry for the other’s face, his shaggy mouth acunt, and on he stumbled into the lamppost, tripping, blinded, rising, drifting, gazing cuntward, but his surcunted orientation failed him, and his whole body tried to shake itself off, shake him off and gyrating cuntwise, and after he had mastered his cunticular movements he decided he would no longer obey the dicta of cuntum physics no he would not decunt himself further before all those serenely dogmatic non-cuntists and he would burn their gardens and from their ashes would rise a pure clean precuntic globe a globe of generous bulk goldsculpted into eternity each mourning and no of course he would do no such thing it wasn’t worth a cuntlick to him regardless regardless i say of paracuntular historicist implications and he refused to encunt the crumbs of his mind with the paintsplashes from the postcuntal blasts and the onslaying births of cuntlets myriad and varied left him cold histrionic he was crashing outside the street painting and dripping and the raining himself outside his lines as if mocked by a malevolent demiurge with a remote cuntroll and his antennæ picked it up insect being squashed by pure will head contra lamppost there was no burn from the weak light and all this was molten autumnal metaphor and it was the time of languid cuntfall.
and the browncoat regained his drowsy self after some moments of this and cheerfully recalled that across his remaining years he didn’t have much living to do after all no not living surviving enduring lasting in time – durating and so it went and so it slipped out of his control and control was like the spectral dust on a moth’s wings no use to anyone except the sadist. and the browncoat walked back across the evening and dreamed he was back in paris and on this occasion definitively in paris to stay and the thought of this made him so happy he mocked himself roundly even from within the dream.
and the streets of peterburg were empty as per their solemn custom and the brownback paraded the mangled tesseræ of his phantasms and projected them against the placid walls of the houses aligned on either side of brownback’s stroll and it was after hours of course the brownback never came out when there was work around him for he could always be blinded by splinters from its buzz saw but this night as he crawled onto a little house’s welcome mat for a nap and just as he was fishing out what precious comforts the mat could afford to part with he was accosted by a policeman a tall grasshopper of a policeman and the policeman said that what the browncoat was doing was unnatural.
and the browncoat sniffed and attempted a cackle but renounced it midway and said natural natural was what no one wanted everyone hated it natural is the little wife thinking on her groceries and the child’s kindergarten timetable while the smallish husband rains down transpiration and halitosis an exquisite few centimetres above. and the policeman challenged the relevance and potency of the browncoat’s equivocation and was desirous of knowing what the browncoat was looking for on an empty street alone in the boredom of the night. and the browncoat avowed to the policeman that he the browncoat was merely walking and recuperating and the policeman expressed doubts as to the sufficiency of such explanations and the browncoat averred that the policeman was the most paranoid policeman the browncoat had as of yet been harassed by and the policeman said that he the policeman might be paranoid but was he paranoid enough.
and the browncoat saw no immediate possibility of pacifying the policeman and merely yawned and the policeman raced on about suspicion and potentiality of erring and tenuous liminal illegality in that the browncoat had not factually perpetrated any coloring outside the proper contours but the rankling stench of exception persisted in the proper corridors and in this there was no doubting and who was the browncoat anyway and could he please furnish some identification and justification of purpose. and the brownback yoyo’d a jovial hullo up to the policeman’s nose and said that he was he and that he the browncoat was working diligently towards a Third in Mediocrity from cambridge and himself the policeman what of him and at this the policeman grew taut and revealed that he the policeman was don at oxford and horse sneeze elsewhere and all souls professor of symmetry and etiquette and the browncoat said that etiquette was a poor man’s understanding of labelling.
and the browncoat sang a song that called on the policeman and the city to swallow sperm, swallow system, swallow system of sperm. and the policeman warned him to temper his tongue fledgling lest he the fledgling so-called browncoat wish to learn a slew of new and interesting facts pertaining to his the browncoat’s grandmother and at this the browncoat could not abstain and told the policeman that talking to him - or rather, being talked at by him the policeman – was akin to taking a freeform dive into a pool of sandpaper, a cheap schoolplayproductionsimulatingtheseasbyagitatinglongblueslidesofcardboardortextile sandpaper. and this the tall thundergod could forgive no longer and he confiscated the brownback and the brownback’s person and dragged him to the nearest police station and no dogs barked in the night’s distance and this was a powerful strange omen indeed but no categorical loss for brownback absolutely loathed dogs most days of the year.
and in the police station the brownback was taken to a bored man who owned a desk and who probably wasn’t even a detective and made to sit down and the detective manqué asked browncoat what his browncoat’s problem was and the browncoat said the main issue he had been tangling with was how to exterminate all rational thought and that he the browncoat thought he’d start by stealing an opium suppository out of his the bored man’s grandmother’s ass and the bored man insisted on specifying that that in itself would constitute an eminently rational action and not irrational at all for an agent addicted to the artificial overload of subjectivation facilitated by opium and the browncoat had no answer to this and that was that and now what he the bored man suggested the browncoat do if he the browncoat was serious about this exterminating all rational thought and so it went was was the browncoat listening he should this was helpful was the browncoat should steal an opium suppository out of his own grandmother’s ass and then not use it throw it away give it to charity but that of course wasn’t an ideal solution either and he the bored man was afraid irrationalism wasn’t much of a career option for a young man such as the browncoat. and the bored man asked the browncoat what he did for a living how he supported himself and the browncoat said masturbation and the bored man shook his head and warned that using only pornography is surviving one’s entire life on cheeseburgers alone.
and two generously built policemen busculated a young man past the bored man’s desk and the young man’s long handcuffs scratched the wood of the desk lightly and the browncoat asked the bored man what the person shoved had perpetrated and the bored man assumed a serious expression and said that that was a young man who had declined to be buggar’d and from one such an hundred easily sprung and such insolence would lead ultimately to a debilitating demographic crisis and the great might of the russian cadaver would dust itself into the great away and what use would this powerfully vascularised bureaucratic instrument they had been perfecting for centuries be if there were nothing to administer and no one to bore into submission.
and the bored man finally asked the brownback what he had done wrong and the brownback told him he had done no wrong and he had seen no evil but the bored man shook his head and assured the browncoat that it couldn’t be so for otherwise he the browncoat would not be there in the police station and so why hold out and not confess that something that he the browncoat had done wrong and should that something just chance to be a something that the bureaucratic equation had no employ for in their sums and multipliers then the browncoat would be allowed to move on and persist in his maladroit futility and why not it was a fair chance he the browncoat was given no matter what anyone said and that the browncoat in his corde of cordum knew he had committed a wrong and the browncoat told him that his own heart could never be used as a witness contra and that it would abjure its guilty beating for clean chiselled silence should they even try to make it speak or sign their bulleting of him the lord browncoat.
and the bored man refused to believe the browncoat was clean of wrongdoing and finally the browncoat said that indeed he was not clean holistically for he had gone to a public aquarium and had seen and learned much and towards the end of his journey he came across an open tank populated by some delectably dull fish and one of the many species in the tank was elongated, bulbous-headed, had its eyes as far apart from one another as was anatomically feasible and seemed particularly fond of emerging to the surface and jabbing its head out of the nominally protective film of water and staring at visitors out of one eye of course, the one on the other side of the fishhead couldn't possibly have been used to cast gazes at anything within the first eye's reach and while waiting for the area to be cleared of other people who were few but a steady crawl none the less the browncoat accumulated a respectable amalgamate of spit just behind his front teeth and as soon as he was left alone near the tank the browncoat took aim at the closest fish and unleashed the foamy contents of his impatient buccal apparatus but unfortunately the projectile spit was far too abundant and all it did was cataract straight downwards no forward drive whatever, a long vertical trail of dribble following the initial cannonball in a straightfall manœuvre and the spit was slow and still stuck to his mouth and he had to spit twice more and wipe his lips and chin to persuade it to fall into the tank and having missed the fish by at least twenty centimetres, he hastily wiped his mouth clean of failure and moved on and shamed himself home and there he found a fly stuck on the wrong side of his window and uselessly trying to get out and heard and saw the fly when he came back to his room and he quickly trapped it inside a napkin, nimbled on to the communal kitchen, found a random mostly full milk bottle in the frigidaire and deposited the still struggling fly inside and the critter made a respectable dash to escape but the browncoat’s bottle cap handling skills fatally established their superiority with great alacrity and efficacy and the fly was trapped inside the bottle of milk and the browncoat left the kitchen and the day had been seized after all.
the bored man contemplated this but ultimately relinquished his right to expectorate a claim of arthropod abuse and pollution of public non-potable water and its barely vertebrated inhabitants and knew or suspected that the brownback knew the mysteries of the bored man’s work and the bored man told him not to live by his the bored one’s magic for there was truly nothing to be gained by draining a bored man of his automatisms. and the browncoat told him that the bored man could kill all the giants in the browncoat’s head if he wanted but he the browncoat would still die in new york.
and the bored man felt at that time the many blessings of impotence in active homosexuals and decided he could not simply release the browncoat for there had been enough trampling on his the bored man’s dignity by strings of men united under horse costumes and he decided to employ the abysses of recessed psychology to worm a confession out of his interlocutor or perhaps he didn’t perhaps he simply was curious and had nothing better to do and the bored man asked the brownback what his the brownback’s absolutest most recurring phantasm was, the most obsessive mytheme of his ever so irascible consciousness, and the browncoat said that he would write it down for him and that it was a story of his dying away without any natural cause and being reborn with his former, adult cerebral self, complete with knowledge and americana speech patterns and emotional self-withering, intact and safely lodged within the newborn monster and that he the babe of browncoat instantaneously after maculation should think and talk and will and speak french and idealist german and read dostoevskii and write horrorpictureshow shortstories and grotesque novels of surrealist blood and get into harvard at the age of three months and bully and alienate his parents and make them hate him and slip brandy in his milk and as soon as his hands could slap he would draw an intellectual beard on his flawless fat face with a permanent marker or perhaps scratch it on using the sharper thin end of his rattler for his parents would have bought the new browncoat a rattler before he would even bore on this new earth and then of course he should age and age and his writing would gradually come to be described as adolescent and self-indulging and unpolished and far too generous to himself but indifferent of others and his intellectual prowess should not grow and he should loathe the mere phrasal proximity of the words 'child' and 'star' or ‘prodigy’ and should become an alcoholic and/or a  junkie by age three or four and cultivate wrinkles [through some artificial method yet to be determined, preferably and ironically to be given moderate scientific plausibility] and his biological family should avoid him around the house and he has not determined whether he should be reborn into his old family his present family immediately after the  death of his twenty eight year old self, into a new family, or into the old one as himself, in 1840, with his 1868 intellect and the ending of course – if any – he had left to be written later, save a chapter for blacker days what’s right was only right.
and the bored man renounced his dialogue with the brownback and told brownback he was tolerated to take leave and the brownback stood up and for the first time looked around the police station and was not reminded of the hundreds of homes no not homes residences and trashroutes he had lost and of course he had nowhere to shelter the night and that welcome mat will probably have been claimed by a vagrant dog yes probably and dogs of all iterations and persuasions repugned the brownback absolutely so he told the bored man he had acquired a new mind now and it said that he the browncoat indeed was guilty and the bored man did not quite outskin his boredom but nevertheless exclaimed in unhealthily vital tones that he knew it and that something of the wrong had truly been done otherwise why should the system have made him meet the browncoat who was not the most collaborative of conversationalists and his confidence in the well-greased conduits had once again been repaid not that it mattered much and would the brownback be so kind as to follow him the bored but suddenly mobile man to the holding cells the nominal jail in the back of the police station.
but the browncoat bade the bored man stay and not perturb himself for he the browncoat was certain he could locate the gaoler’s westlands on his own and the bored man had no objection to this and he sat back onto the left side of his desk and doodled on the margins of some arguably important reports and filled in the cavities of the fat capitalised letters of the titles and the subheadings and when his doodling pen had spilt itself exhausted the bored man used it to prick his finger the very belly button of his finger and he kept on doodling and the next day his supervisor lauded his creative mindset and ability to channel his unconscious via mediation.
and the browncoat lost his way and made time by poking under various employees’ desks with his searching feet but it was rather a linear construct the local police station so he could not fail to end up at the entrance to the jail and there were two guards there and they found him suspicious and detained him but he told them to make way for he knew them and he knew their names and his purpose was his own but his knowledge he gave them gratis and in the adoration and the shrug of the shrewd and the powerless before the myth of the thundergods. and one of the two police guards told the browncoat that when he the guard grows up he would have liked to be a mummy and at this the browncoat retreated to the nearest desk and extracted from it the nearest bored person working the nearest desk and brought the bored person by his hand to the jail entrance and the guards nodded and the browncoat sliced off the bored person’s inner thigh and his calf and threw them as well as the babbling leftover to the guards’ imbalanced and immobile obese dog and the dog caught the calf and the inner thigh in his elongated jaws but produced no audible signal of either satisfaction or lack of satiation and the taller guard placed himself just behind the shorter guard and the guards both spread their legs and the browncoat crawled under the two guards and entered the holding cells.
and once there implanted the brownback had the pick of the cells for they were on the whole empty and sparsely populated and the few men that did fog the air between the thin bars had congregated in the three leftmost cells and two of the cells had three inhabitants apiece and the last held at least twenty men although there were only four beds and these latter were but thin blades of compressed hardness encrusted by a volatile sheet of lies. And the browncoat chose of course to enter the cell holding the twenty men and the twenty men declined to notice or react to the browncoat’s arrival and merely continued the turbulent fluxes of the inner economy of their undifferentiated mass speech.
and the brownback turned around and walked his steps backward and raised the torn sleeve of his gray shirt to his eyes so his face was hidden and stopped in the center of the cell and he had left the door open but again none of the men noticed or spoke to him or interfered with his steps. and most of the men were given a long time ago and they had all been given to the only man among them who was standing and not seated on the beds or the jail floor, and the standing man was speaking at length and the browncoat leaned against the bars of the cell and the standing man was not even looking anywhere or at anyone his eyes were milked and he chewed on his words and harassed and flattened his words for a long time before loosening the cage of his mouth and as his words sped across the cell they were imbibed in blood riches and intoxication and guilty mouthfeel and all could feel it even the brownback whose organs responsible long unused were not quite attuned to such insolent hints of phlogistic deliquescence.
and the standing man was actively deploring the coiled humble state of his nation and the present was merely an endless attempt to evade the trophied glories of the past and this his Russia had been majestic and mythical once and even the variegated oddities and fairy tale deformities of their elders stood for will and character, for something humanly achieved, in comparison with the obsessive, pathic health of modern Russians, infantilism raised to the norm and holified, the cuntry baptised in translucent streams of pure weakness, and the entire system was whipped into undead locomotion by sleepless bureaucrats with false benevolence and empty liberty tattooed onto their tongues, and the bureaucrat, however, was tolerant, that ravenous predator, his acceptance of the administered people as they are only stemmed from his hatred of what they might be, a powerful nation swift in its purity and merciless in its life appetite, their impolite hunger, and the raging potencies of ancient Russia, the fatal equanimity of the nomadic Slavs bred with the screaming blood and clean iron of their warlike children, a power that had been slipped into catatonic obsolescence by the comfortable lies of the chinovnik state and the peaceful requirements of modern life and coexistence such an absurd notion was inimical to the Russian heart for theirs was the vehicle, the hardened sacred vehicle, the chariot of affirmation, the machine of absolution, and which driver is not tempted, merely by all the power of his engine, to wipe out the vermin of the street, pedestrians, children and cyclist pederasts, the rationalistic impurities of the new continent, now so old, its vision blinded by all the godless illuminations of centuries past, and this was spreading, other peoples were falling, such diseases recognized no borders, even in the forests of Russia for many men it is already an impertinence to say ‘I’, no sacred ‘I’ granted in safeguard by god and ancestral right, for cherish and worship, only microbial manifestations and hypostases of goddess reason, the individual a guise of the total, united under the social blanket to further progress and spread their sterile light, and this was to move forward and bring prosperity and advances and mendacious liberty and social health but in this all the movements of health resembled the reflex movements of beings whose hearts have stopped beating and Russia could not exist without its hearts one could not take away the mujik’s heart and offer him a clean new brain in return, such was not the path, no not the desire of the land and its god, and to-day’s youth refused to think in the old tongue and would not look at any issue but in the whole and assault the problems fearlessly, frontally, and do away with the whole of the problem, but the whole was the false, and the thinkers and the travellers sought to draw Russia under the emblem of the whole, to render all its magics and stories thinkable and fully knowable and free in form, desiccate them into single-faceted trifles, and charting flourished systems of connection and similarity and everything was to become thinkable under the same terms and tools, but to perceive resemblances everywhere, making everything alike, is a sign of weak eyesight, the blindness that was eternal sister to illumination, but this was suicide and the impotent rust of such fallow minds would be razored off by the sharp laugh of any holy fool, but this was the weak-minded protest of minds that could not contend with the plurality of greatness, the unthinkableness of transcendent power, and Russia was allowing its power to hibernate in distant caves while the greatest and most vulnerable siècle unfolded and thought itself to death mere minutes away, all the mother cuntry need do was rouse itself from the torpor of logicked knowledge and take it, take the century, teach corrupted impuissant reason and its withered little men the purity of will the sacred rightness of timeous plenteous victory but alas Russia did not have ears for him and the standing man stood alone while others sat down to western plays in westernised theatres or in western homes to read western newspapers and ruminate western thoughts, and that which to him was most wonderful, eyes on his eyes, Russian eyes on his Russian eyes, Russian ears on his Russian words, these were not to be found, the hypnotised masses were beaten into wasting soporation by the fata morgana of comfort and complacency, the people had been tricked by the wails of liberty into stopping atop one single point in history and resting there and as its rest extended for the head lacked the will to bid the body stand once more the sands of history grew to like the resting people’s form and kissed it and came to rest on the people and the sands swallowed more and more of the people and if the will did not expurgate the cowardly instinct for rest from the story of the people, Russia itself would soon become merely another sand hill in history’s desert futile and forgotten but the will to move would not let itself be roused by the screams of the standing man and he had been fighting his cuntry’s morbid stasis for years and would drown out this corruption like a rat in Russian blood if need be but so far the standing man was merely rediscovering in revolution all the platitudes of conformism and few would listen and when the standing man spoke up where more could hear the bureaucratic response was impeccable in expedition but it was all a diverting game for them for the standing man was only taken in sufficient seriousness to be warehoused in jail from time to time and allowed to marinate in the prickly frustrations of his own unmated fervour and such was the reach of the intellectuals and the semitic elements and the office dwellers and the lesser bloods such as the merchant poles or the trickster armenians whose vegetal interests were well watered by Russia’s lapse into irrelevance and namelessness and were but a few men of worth and heart to lend him the standing man their soulwindows and let in let inside the spring of his voice the parasitic elements and the rationalists and the profiteers and the nihilists and the liberals would all be erased from the history of Russia and Her greatness in the plenitude of its dulcet irrefragability would be written in their blood on white walls, their wasted brains would paint Russia’s visceral triumph against the white walls and the borderless maps of Russia’s supernal hereafter.
and as the standing man’s winds were failing his will and both his boom and he ended in the timors of giving up and growing old and silent and watching his cuntry fade into a mere clausal afterthought worlds and dreams away from the immediacy of the subject or the majestic cruelty of the acting predicate and the twenty men started to disperse and their disbanding appeared imminent the browncoat spoke up and asked the standing man why he the standing man was renouncing his holy prerogative of rightness and clarity of vision, his prophetic honesty, when all around him yelled wrongness in garish letters and whore’s promises and the standing man looked at the brownback and saw nobility and belief in brownback’s heart and replied that he the standing man had been trying to awaken the cuntry to his truth for years and years but their the people’s commodious stability was not to be broken by one man’s truth even if that man jumped and wanted the sky while the rest were content with the peace of an oligophrenic fœtus. and the browncoat told the standing man that he the browncoat would not hear of such despond in a man with the destiny and the drama nay the tragedy of agamemnon mythmaker and uniter etched across his lifeline and it was his the standing man’s unshruggable responsibility to take his cuntry by its broken bridle and sing to it on the fragility of the instinct of liberty in mankind and he must remember human beings both aspire to liberty in their sleep and exult each time they lose it to the mourning and only visionaries and ordained emperors can reconcile the dreams with the lively passion of the wake the waking and with due belief in the greatness of the cause from the standing man he the brownback one man saw with ruinous limpidity how the russians would raise their hands toward a willing leader and demand impatiently to be enslaved by the story of their own destiny and to be led into the sunset of their collective greatness by a man whose keen eyes saw the greatness as it was in its violent form and whose boom voice materialised the amaranth greatness of a bridge of victors’ steel under the penitent feet of his willing but untrained believers who thought they had been walking on air but their march was sacred but their march was true. and of what import was it ultimately that the standing man’s own eyes might be cut by the savage discharge of russia’s power and destiny when the splinter in one’s eye is the best magnifying glass and to be blinded by truth was no more a paradox than the echo and the slap of immortality and of what import was it ultimately that attempting to teach westernised comfortable narcoleptic russia to think on and in itself and to sing its thoughts was at present nothing less than the sentimental education of a zombie, lesser men than he the standing man had braved it and history had not forgotten the weight of their shadows. and the browncoat said to the standing man that if the truth the nation’s higher truth was too large and too untamed for their soft spirits then just give them the people just use a substitute for truth and they shall swallow it like bait greedy and the truth inside the bait will gestate and feed on their weakness and burst forth rupturing the past and their soft beings and refashioning them into the russia that russia’s truth had always wanted. and the brownback who could not stop speaking now told the standing man that finally who would remember all his the standing man’s failures, and even if the standing man had failed and would fail again no matter just try again fail again and fail better. and if the meretricious sleepers who tolerated no speech louder or more meaningful than a snore sought to make the standing man lie down with them in the softness of the mud then he the standing man should tell them they could swing all the bomb-spilt horseguts they liked and remonstrate and spray the horseguts’ loud blood all around their dance of guilt and declare transgression but he the standing man would still just string them and their horseguts both onto his harp and bleed beautiful music that would force the name of russia to rise tall in all but the most handicapped of its throats and the weak would choke on the holy name and cowardice was burning and the flags would meet their wind in honor wind for their flags and his the standing man’s was the sacred thought the only logic the logic of triumph and power and should his thought span beyond the people’s legibility and should their weakened margins their shrivelled persons prove insufficient scroll for the magnitude of the curls and scintillating pirouettes of this thought and its sheer mass should the people prove unable to contain the writing of his thought within them then the standing man in his love of the people should use instead speeches and screams to pierce the walls of russia vulgar yes cheap of course and certainly to the standing man speech-and-scream may be all thorn but still cousin to his rose the rose of his love and of his noble thought.
and the standing man opened his generous heart he truly did to the browncoat’s advice and the other nineteen or twenty men were clapping and the men in the adjacent cells were looking up and their ears pricked up in interest and the policemen and the guards who had come to bring the detainees their warm meals had borne witness to the entire exchange between the standing man and the browncoat and clapped also dropping the metal plates of soup and gammon and from the exchange with the browncoat the standing man stood taller and breathed deeper and thought purer and the standing man gazed upon the policemen and the policemen opened the cell tho’ none had locked it and the other cells open also and the standing man and the nineteen or twenty men and the other prisoners and the policemen all walked out of the local and they walked out of the police station and the brownback did not see it but quite possibly the bored men who owned desks too had walked with the standing man who walked above the others and later on as the browncoat awoke from his sleep in his vacant cell he thought he heard the standing man speak to the people outside the police station and from what was discernible to the browncoat it was the standing man’s generosity to spare his listener the embarrassment of believing himself cleverer than the speaker and it was mourning or it appeared to be mourning and the browncoat left the station through the back exit and he languished on his first pages awhile but beginnings were never any fun and the best way to work a page to work up or down a page, as its writer or not, is of course to tear it out and burn it and watch it darken the flames, and such at least would have been the advice extended by the standing man. but in the end crowds and plurals were not much to the browncoat’s liking for coition is after all only an inadequate surrogate for onanism no not orgies either and certainly too much agreement and synchronised nodding had been known to exert an impolitely dyspeptic effect on the browncoat’s imaginative faculties so he walked off in the away flushes of the noise and he looked up and poured young cement around all the stars in the net of his gaze yet it was only mourning and he thought of how in the standing man and his believers the pure unreflexive act of their forceful indicatives is violation projected on to the starry sky above and at this the brownback laughed at least he almost laughed but stopped in time and this time walked off from the intoxicated reach of the noise and into the amused distance. 
preface
i never say hello. i refused to. i find greeting others demeaning and  
can't explain why. my name is darling bahgerlaas and i'm a 35 year old  
sales clerk at waitrose. i pre-emptively strike the suggestion that  
you abstain from pitying, judging or empathising with me. i strike it to the face. i have many things to say to you throughout these next pages, though i myself  
failed to find any of the events or thoughts contained therein either  
interesting or relevant. i will come to explain my obsession with the  
interesting in due time. i say these things to you, i say these things to you now not because i particularly want to but because they are already printed out and inevitably accessible to you and at will you can read them and my saying them to you at this point  
depends not on me but on your willingness to pursue the course of  
things in this book. but just now i shall dispense with these  
introductory formalities, for they irk me and hopefully you as well.
before i go on to abandon you to the book proper, i wish to extend a  
friendly salvific hand to the few readers i expect this book may  
scavenge in the bookshops, like a vagabond may rescue moderately  
usable junk purloined from the city dump. if these readers be anything  
akin to how i envision them, they will think themselves pathetic for  
displaying at any time any interest or emotional involvement in the  
story, the fate of the characters or their spiritual and psychological  
states of turmoil. turn oil, turn to the oil. if they do manifest such preoccupations it will probably be  
despite themselves. i will therefore attenuate the decibels of their  
inner 'you sad fucking lame cunt' (note the lack of an exclamation  
mark – i never use exclamation marks. i find them unbecoming) by  
informing them right now that i am the main character and the  
endodiegetic narrator, that i begin this book as an ultra- 
ratiocinating overeducated loser eking out a sad pathetic living in a  
sad pathetic chain store in a sad pathetic suburb of sad pathetic  
london, that i end it in much the same state and that i proceed to  
detach myself across this book's expanse from the few personal and  
societal connections left me (these connections too are sad and  
pathetic). in terms of narrative, [provides cruel, short summary of  
entire book, wherein nothing much happens anyway]. and that would be  
about it. and the old woman dies. that's all that happens in the following pages. the reader  
now knows everything about the book plotwise, and can see there is not  
much to know anyway: i should like to be believed when i tell the  
reader that nothing really happens at all in this book.
these have still the being of introductory formalities. i am annoyed.  
and hopefully you also.
i am now satisfied that i have nothing else to say to the reader  
directly and can let him kick down my sand fortress and build his own  
raincastle. i in fact, i would find it amusing if the reader would  
pretend to be in on the joke by crossing out any passages that elicit  
within him a desire to do so and would write in alternative takes or  
curse words unframed by civil dialogue or the day's weather and  
insipid comments and blather about the day's weather or racist flickers or anything at  
all. i venture to speculate that the resultant book should be much  
improved æsthetically and would make what i myself wrote down look  
like a timid and hamfisted first draft [not that this my effortless book isn't a timid and hamfisted first draft anyway].
i didn't really write anything anyway. i just jotted down some  
cerebral coprolites, that would be all. and i certainly won't be coming back  
to reread my uninspired graffiti or edit them or place them critically  
within the scope of my life and œuvre [i have none of either life or  
œuvre, if or in case you were being curious] and remark how i've  
matured since or how those were the best of times, how those were the  
worst of times. i am saying this book is nothing. and was meant to be  
taken as such. not that i mean, ever.
i thought at first to alienate the reader from this book by adopting  
for its entirety a voice similar to that of the first of the two peter  
stillman characters in the ny trilogy. perhaps there were more than  
two peter stillmans but im referring only to those that had speaking  
parts, so to speak. haha sometimes when i speak i am so funny.  
however, this would have excised a significant part of the  
sophisticated vocabulary i planned to employ in this book, and since  
my vocabulary is one of the few things i occasionally exhibit anything  
resembling pride towards i dropped this idea for this book i had not  
yet written when i was having this idea. brechtian absolute (textual)  
nudity was another alternative, though it would have been harder to  
employ as this is a prosaic text and not theatre or film; im certain  
an interesting brechtian novel could be written (and probably has been  
already) but im not a good writer anyway so i couldnt brave it. the  
last option i considered for the purpose of alienating my hopefully  
alienation-pre-saturated readers was joycean clamour to the tune of  
god's deathscreams but i didnt feel like fertilising a finnegans wake  
pastiche. this is why i settled on writing down the book in my own  
personal voice, for worse or for worse, and ruining.vacuuming up  
whatsoever romantic bookish stardust may have settled onto the  
readers creaky brain by boring him to death and revealing everything  
about the book and myself who wrote it down before the book even  
startled. that way i wouldnt have to stretch a kidney acting my lungs  
dry without letting the reader grow soft-comfortable in this book i  
wrote down.
i change my voice very often. one second i shall speak like an english  
barrister (within five seconds i will say english barristers are worser than retards, haha i am funny.) and the next year i talk like im retarded and then i get worse and thus regress to the english barrister accordingly. of mine own  
accord. this is your knowledge now. to your knowledge, i mean. my  
voice is inconsistent and i hope it breaks someday. i should love ever  
so much to put it back together again and glue it back together again.  
hopefully my reader understands this and he was patient with me for i  
am a dear dear boygirl. haha i am just being silly. i am not insane i am  
just playing with something i do not understand.
i always say him when i say reader because no woman in his right mind  
would read this book. no woman would read this book in his right mind.  
or left mind. or any mind.or no mind at all. no woman would read this  
book i wrote down. no woman could. no woman could, can or will can.
had you forgotten (the case of if), it is useful for me to know i'm a 35 year old sales  
clerk at waitrose. useful for me and for me and for me. me+me+me= you.  
i learned that in economics 101. darling baagerlahs sounds like a male  
name (of vaguely german or polish import – i use the brackets because  
this information is not axial to this book or the rest of this sentence i am in the writing of) but i do not know sometimes. again, i'm a 35 year old sales clerk at waitrose.no im not. i'm a 27 year old student at ucl. or the college of bard. i am short and i'm hirsute. i like cowboy and mafia films. i play video games and dislike my  
cellphone. i go to musicals and cry at weddings. i do not like buying  
clothes but i shave my legs and my anus. i'm a 28 year old student at  
ucl and/or bard. but i'd prefer being a 35 year old sales clerk at waitrose. i  
shop at waitrose sometimes. from there i buy some things. i would like also to be a janitor. better than being a student. even if i were just a short and hirsute janitor. when i said i was the narrator and this book i wrote i wrote in my own  
personal voice i meant it was written in the third person singular [i  
dislike plurals and avoid them wherever anatomically feasible.which is  
why i am a virgin and bad at grammar]. i hope the narrator's third  
person voice is as cold and not-with-the-speechobjects as kafka.  
kafka was a pervert (relative to his times) and you know this.
i am done talking and writing down in this book (the prebook, the  
prepuce of prepuscular proportions you may be reading now) the thoughts i am having after-outside  
the thoughts i wrote down when i wrote the book proper. my proper  
book. i speak of the book left after this page right here.
someone outside my uncomfortable window is deflating a bouncy castle.  
it is a purple bouncy castle and it is very loud. the deflation is  
very lond and loug and the people deflating the purple bouncy castle  
are very also lond and loug. i will now jump down from my fourth storey  
window to yell at them rude words. goodbye.


chapter vii


and he cant read through the music and he saw the baker whose daughter had died of consumption and the landlady whose brother had died in an early skirmish with the turks and the amateur composer whose wife had died in siberia after proclaiming dubious politics in suspect articles in questionable journals and they all rejoiced and the baked and the landed and the composed danced with their arms entwined and their room spun and he hurt in their ears and he tried a story below them to contain their jubilation in a spilt drop of ink but in the end the writer is not even allowed to live in his writing and the spiller cannot hide in his spill though it be dark as a murder and the man of the east cannot take partygoers or any other revellers seriously he feels they are actively missing the point the apical engorged point for want of imagination no less a wilted ostentation than that and their joy no rather the contentedness of reasonably happy reasonably fucked up people is a refusal of interpretation and their reasonable affable practicality combed as it is in pink utiles the yoke and the mute of fat pink flesh their practicality is a closing of the eye and from the primacy of practical reason it was always only a step to an hatred of theory and in a culture as theirs there is a bale on storytelling and a quiver in the obstinacy for resolution the skulk and the hiding from the unkindness that read down atop the tablets the husk reared on the stone of the tablets and its descent into the inevitables of the mind its murmuration into the ears of the cry of possibility the leap of understanding that all is not to their pride reason was not a monologic absolute there was always a mouth speaking reason and that mouth was the leash and the truth of reason was in its speaker in his mouth he has an amazing mouth in his gaze in his electric and in the ascension there are no ideas in themselves and in the descent an idea is always somebodys idea and the clutching of the neck of the reasonspeaker and the cowardice overflying the creak and the sloth of the ideationist there was a family of suffering in their immanency and mouths can be stuffed and bodies can be brought into the crash and the bloat of flesh behind reason and the bouquet of larval flesh behind ideas its richness and implausibility these their temporal drift and the intrusion of their decay flesh can be stopped ideas are not immortal merely persistent they are ugly creatures insinuating themselves under the skin and theirs a venereal kindle and their call of ideas their song unsmotherable in flesh untrampled in lamentation unanswerable in kind ideas cannot be reasoned with the flesh of men their barren bed and from fleshs death reason draws light feeding on its godgiven flesh even as it dies symbiotically with its prey or rather male man mating with reasons praying mantis the history of ideas littered with signposts of phosphorescent cadavers and so because of death because death is metaphysics circulus vitiosus circulus otiosus fleshs search for truth mans search outside the clamour of reason and its strangled parliaments is a spiritual quest of no finality no aspiration to end no not merely intellectual the quest for truth truth was infinite the intellect was not and flesh could only grasp specks of it reflections in the spectral ice liquefied of broken mirrors and aliquis flesh always longed for times when truth was not so far not enshrined in its own transcendence in childhood yes childhood and a word from the father a word from the mother sufficed to place a lid on the fleshs universe and with the names of objects flesh was given their truth and as the flesh grows and races the father dies away runs off into the crepitation of a dark hallway and can impart no more no nothing merely the viscidity of mumbles down his beard and truth is not given any longer and flesh seeks a truthgiver and god of course is the terminal surrogate father but one who also is capable of abandonment gods abandonment of truth and the flesh seeks truth yearns for its warmth and its light even if it must burn its own meleagrian brand to ignite the truth and in russia the truth of russia was togetherness was love of hearth and family or so the flesh was incessantly told and he was told that god gave one family peoples so that one could through them learn how to love and such were the mythic origins of family and in them the origins of truth and all this all so distant was simply imprinted into the browncoats flesh and his struggles and his myopia in the bright rooms of his childhood where he was taught greek and testament and mental hygiene but of course even then before or perhaps after thought itself had become hygiene he knew he riddled that the brightest rooms are the secret domains of fæces and the dances above him were unbearable and he left his room and took to the street and two minutes in the browncoat saw an overturned hackney-carriage and there were four people inside and they had not been able to revert to verticality for lack of space and their heads still pointed downwards and their feet fought against the floor which was now roof and their bodies writhed diagonally and they were trying to get out but the doors were stuck and whenever the passengers put their hands out through the small windows to try to unlock the doors from without the driver who was perched atop the bottom of the carriage now serving as its roof and whenever the driver saw an hand snaking out of the windows he would snap at the hand with his whip as hard as he could and he appeared never to miss and the hand would be forced to withdraw and another hand would try again on the other side and sometimes hands were put out on both sides of the carriage so as to divide and lessen the drivers attention but his instincts were swift and his execution impeccable and the passengers were screaming and pushing and kicking against each other like dogs of war caged before a conflict with enemies riding elephants and there was no room inside them and the men became stuck in the womens elaborate dresses not fit for such travel mens greasy feet upward their tired cunts and they all needed to get out and even when all four passengers let all their hands their hands already marked corroded and dripping skin and sacrificed inflame their hands point outward at the same time they did not manage to progress at all in the unlocking of the faulty doors for the driver was restless and the blades of his whip everywhere and the hands retreated in instinct but the driver never missed and the browncoat would have liked to watch this awhile but unfortunately the two horses who were being crushed as well under the hold-back and in a torturous position they were bleating their gleaming impertinent suffering into the street also and the blare aged intolerable and the browncoat left the street and he had heard recently abducted neighbours discuss a new american fair spiked onto the outskirts of moscow and since he never had any ideas he drifted into the carnival and entered the funhouse and behind him at the entrance a clown in poor makeup was playing of course his violin and the two sets of chords violin and fiddle immixed hungrily like a couple of essentially straight young women magnetized into mutual exploration and of course someone slammed the door behind him and there was but little light inside the funhouse tunnel most of it greedily farmed by the subitaneous dark through the cracks in the thin wooden walls the outside crashing against the thinnest of walls and foaming off again and then as the browncoat walked on he walked and recoiled into a chandelier a low-hanging grand chandelier of rusty axes and mausers and leeenfields and the wooden handles of the axes and the muzzles of the mausers were alight and the browncoat could see that this was a much fatter room than the slides he had passed through to get here and the walls did not look thin and rickety and uncombative as before and despite the light from the chandelier he could not see or remember whence he had come which entrance tunnel nor could he see where he could proceed how he could move forward so the browncoat circles the room and tested the walls and it was not such a large room the circumference was only ten seconds long but he kept missing the connecting tunnels there appeared to be no connecting tunnels and then the brownback tired of walking and sat down under the chandelier and the axe blades rustled and silvered against each other and they sang like a womans voice he was thinking he heard it like a song of escape and opening and the womans song soon perished as did the rustling and brownback thought woman after all is a sometime thing but such a slave of limits of reasonable restricting rules of collaborative social and moral intelligence and perpetuator of denial the murder of self selfhood to serfdom and he the browncoat would sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires but that of course was only an hypothetical he had never had a desire in his conscious life nothing beyond satisfying the amoral physical necessities food air drink masturbation and neither man nor woman had been inside his desire and such as he was desireless he was an inhabitant of the empyrean of sorts not polluted by the convolutions of desire of the psyche a clean expanse before the unconscious and before the moral but of course man had been there may have been there in the prior many have speculated of eden and its philosophy and the fall of course was caused by eve copulating with the serpent for such was womans blood even in the starkest numinous vapidity (of perfection) she could find hope dig and claw the interesting out of the tedium an archæologist of the entrenched platitude such was woman at her best but after her finest moment she seemed to shrink grew small under her own psychoses and madame for the most played no more and acquired rather expertise at refereeing away from the game and referees are abominated by one and all and as the game changed neither did woman and christ himself the fattest elephant sideways took much after his mother and in so far he was one of the worst of men and outside drowning in a roman well archæologists always risk dying moles dying as moles and even so woman and mankind for all their cracked old skin were metaphysical creatures illegible pathic instances of specious apologetics serpent reasonings scuppered theodicies but so prevalent the fatty layers in the human the browncoat could not stop thinking him the human in his the browncoats dark under the chandelier and loath as he was for most introversion the browncoat intuited that his real loathing and his the browncoats real fear is of anything in the plural but insight was cheap and mass reproducible and the browncoat could track no plurality no windy multitudes in his aloneness and solitude was insomnia not the brooding adult insomnia of bike rides across the province but the babys nauseous insomnia the methodical rational trituration of others sleep and of others dare he he dare selfhood through shaking and making the dark ones toy and solitude and the plurals only lesson he the browncoat had ever drawn from plurals was the mathematically fixated il faut être économe de son mépris étant donné le grand nombre de nécessiteux and the browncoat tracked the dust of the ground with his finger and found many small rocks and he thought rocks were good solid things to have in situations such as his and consequently filled his pockets with them and when all his pockets were reasonably full he picked up the last rock he could find around him without having to relinquish his seating stance to crawl around and look for more rocks under the chandelier and the browncoat threw this last his 37th rock into the air and it turned into a bird a real bird of wings and claw and flew away and flew straight into the chandelier of axes and died hacked to death by its own impetus and the fierce quality of the rocks suicide forced itself on the browncoat like closed mouth vomit one has to swallow again for ones inordinate fear of making a mess below downwards where only cowards gaze no eyes below and he remembered that pleasant fulfilled dreams and thoughts of uncastrated loft are actually as rare as happy music music of the very real and endless sheets flowing white and needless every inch a slave and were the lost feathers floating down on him and sticking to his lips in the vacillating cohesion of newly drawn blood were these feathers art had he made art by investing the room with death for after all every work of art is an uncommitted crime a blushing crime that preserves not him the artist but mens impossibilities and was art so very different from his isolation from the crushing of him by the funhouse asserting itself as a painter in need of fresh pigments dried of the ground browncoat and in the last couplet always the downfall of art itself is perennial the goal of every work of art in that it seeks to bring death to all others all art aims to end art and in it such bastardy such agitation and game mastery all to stifle competing lines to extinguish the unknown running fathers runaway seed in all but one riverbed surviving art killer of marlowe is heir to a mongrel bitch but at this time of aberration the browncoats powers were crescent and he knew so and in his mumbles quiescent language was dictated by hunger for the silent chew their words to fill their bellies many infinite taxonomies for hunger and the browncoat looked upon the blind chandelier and the ostentatious arrogant walls and he remembered of course that [the] night was his idea and he walked on into the next tunnel out of the enclosed room but as soon as the cell of the chandelier had reached behind him the browncoat looked back and moved uneasily and he did not quite wish to go where his will was dull demiurge he shifted like an emperors young newly transplanted power-drinking kidney suffering with a crush of ostalgie over its ancient alcoholic dung-farmer master but such was the nature of his prolix indulgence in fine whines they kept him rooted in the particular but afforded him voyeuristic peeks at the general for there is but negative thought satiation was weakness most positive thought is expired ideology and the distance of thought from reality is itself nothing other than the precipitate of history of deaths lineage into concepts but then the browncoat stopped and heard and he was in a thin loose tunnel again and on the other side of the wall outside there was a map of the fayre with large colorful symbols on it pinned to the funhouse wall and an elderly woman was consulting it in the slow blurring of a splintered bores concentration and he the browncoat still locked inside the funhouse on the other side of the map threw his hand out and waved it about quickly and he so slapped that futile cunt on the hand through the wall and made her lose track of where she her finger had been on the map and the elderly woman went away and he was left alone with the map on the other side of the wall and the map was probably wrong anyway and the browncoat moved on muttering that the best samaritans name was simon and that walk no further that way sodomy lies or perhaps happiness either way turn around and so he did but he could not go back since back would somersault him in limber taunts whenever he turned to go back and point the nether way and he knew not the way and he thought he could solve the antinomy of going back on himself simply by walking backwards without turning around first and he did this awhile but nothing came of it nothing much for the slide tunnels did not end and the browncoat resigned his person to the forward movement forward was arbitrary what did he know regardless slashing the air and possibly the dark in two with his clutched face walking his hazy drip of a walk a walk and face that very dogs disdained pissing on him in his midwalk in the lower alleys running up next to him and walking next to him and pissing on him in their the dogs midstride the browncoat had a wasted take on walking and this he thought strange for walking seemed ever to be most of what he the browncoat did on any given night but he walked across the calendar and hopped across the red splashes the red days and walked into the basements of the calendar and thus the long tunnels of the funhouse were no novelty to him the browncoat merely told the thin walls to still their esperance for he did not intend to collapse under them and he should not seep under them and root them up but also did the brownback know that as a rule a smart man is someone who cannot tell a lie without believing it himself rules of self-preservation the budding art of living with oneself didactic blossoms short words long smiles nights of the long smiles but at least the standing man could boast that he and his were not boring what would the brownback say nothing why would he why want to say something any thing at all and the brownback remembered a child yelling in the street tearing out of one eye just one his mother pacing the staircase of a nearby house and the child yelling that he the child could hold his own and quieter yeah hold his own simply by not having one an own he meant or so the brownback understood it the childs release of his own and the brownbacks thoughts and caprices whirred around his cranium alight the thoughts like benevolent overgrown globules of fat rapt in a game of american football malevolent globules of fact but fact was not to his the brownbacks liking he erected refuge in imagination but for most imagination is weak susceptible well-trod divided imagination is inflamed by women who lack precisely imagination and such women confront their imaginers portraits and phantasies of them the women and tear and have at them with a ravens fury why the problem of originality their beautiful sin is not to be idolised outside themselves their sublime sinning a guarantee of ink defying magnetism an altar to ones originality seals one in ones discarded artefacts renders ones every novelty or young act an icon of ones ankylosis and so what is left why murdering ones followers for standing men and superb women alike in viability but at present murder is so so wheres the poise so newspapery and with or without murder one seeks constance of some sorts tis weak but inevitable for no knowledge of changing objects if knowledge changes tis sterile speculation the ontology of gossip but what is constant is not an invariant quantity of suffering but its progress towards hell and hereinafter would he the brownback no longer fall tangled into the unscratchables of his cranium no more would he descend into the whirls and mists of transverberation and so the brownback walked but he did not have long to walk since one of the panels of the rickety tunnel walls arrested him he heard a dialogue outside they were a man and a woman voices rusty enough to betray their middling ages and the man assured the woman that he spoke to her in troth and confidence and the man outside who as he spoke convinced the brownback listening beyond the wall but not seeing further and further that he the man outside was in point of fact rather an old man but speaking in youth young language and the old man spoke to the woman who in silence revealed herself rather an old woman but thinking youth and the old man spoke of mummifying the orgasms plateauing the quivers nobility demanded no less of him and thus his face and tonality of body spelt out pure will sicked on cock and then the old man said to the old woman that twas not easy and that my internal monologue is performed by many people and she misheard him and thought he had said infernal and found this very savage and rebellious and rightly said for youth well embraced in the apoplexia of dialectics and theirs a task both opposed and mated to the yelping standard of unwording the world and the old woman stares ravenously at the old man and the man does not stop speaking he accelerates his ideas heat up bump into each other and deflagrate and his tongue pours nay sweats oil and acid on all their fires and all their bullets and finally the man bites his tongue in the rabid fury of his pontification bites hard and the severed portion of the mans tongue flies off and he bleeds profusely and the woman looks on and he drops his gaze to the ground which hungers for his falling blood and the man himself falls on the woman and they are both lying down and the blood is falling on the woman down his chin onto her face into her mouth inside her widening but never enough nostrils behind her ears across her neck over her breasts throughout her voluptuously spiderwebbed hair such pretty hair another occasion he would have bit into it and the man stuffs his elbow in her mouth and wraps her nose sealed in his fist and the blood still fell and they were two or perhaps they were one and then one and the blood but the blood was so many and streams directions growthrates territorial annexations and a blind red kingly smile the blood was smiling it wasnt as dramatic and literary as the blood really etching the discernible form of a smile across her clothes and the ground beneath them it was the blood just smiling at him a simple elemental smile drenching her clothes in its fulsome sapience and superiority there were whetstones and ancient hilts in that smile in every one of the many smiles of the many bloods and a darkness metallic and then he realized the blood was smiling back at him for he had been housing an infectious rictus also in the ruins of his tautened face he was smiling the blood was smiling his smile imprinted on the blood and imprisoning the blood and imprisoned in the blood as soon as the blood left the mouthmother and fell aerial to its hegemony below and the woman was laughing giggling silencing her merry tremors failing then letting loose and laughing loudly and vulgarly laughing through the fist in her mouth unable to stop and at this his smile widened the blood smiled harder as well and he bored deeper and with his other fist crushed her nose into graven skin and beaten mucus and at this she started jerking him off pulling him out of his pants caressing and stroking and tickling the undershaft and running gentle circles around the glans with the nail and the soft pillow of her index and at this the man gyrated slowly back and forth inside her hands with a monotonous passion like that of a seed bull too small to mount a larger cow of a different species and she was cradling him shelter and cupping his balls and palming his abdomen and lightly pinching his nipples and sliding her thin long-nailed fingers one by one in an humid ballet from the tip of his penis down the shaft over the testicles across the perineum and in and around his asshole and without letting go of her without releasing her air or her speech he entered the woman and it was quick and so he looked down at her and she was blank and she stared through him and this time hed lasted over a minute and the blood was part of the scenery and the blood was the scenery and he had no more to bleed for her he had stopped bleeding by now and she stared through him and he dived into her and bit into her shoulder and conquered many layers of something-dermas and a couple of slates of flesh and he emerged with skin and new blood in his mouth and he spat it all in her face and back on the spot of her shoulder whence he had wrenched it and she looked smaller now because of the blood orchid in full bloom occupying the spring of her shoulder like a rorschach guardian angel but otherwise nothing had changed and finally but not so long after the man got up shook his feet one by one and he was a small string of a man with weak arms and bad sleeveless shirts in the evening chill that highlighted and mocked the weakness of his arms which weakness mocked the bad sleeveless shirts in turn and she saw him shiver under the chill but only ever so slightly and he told the woman ever supine that if we you or i seek immortality well then tough because so does the cancer cell and upon this he spat on the funhouse wall and the listening prone browncoat recoiled and fell on his ass but the browncoat listened still and the old woman was looking at the vertical old man and then he and his adverbs walked out of her life the old womans life but there was yet crawling in his journal yet to be read and some time after the old man had disappeared the old woman got up as well and rubbed her shoulder and raised the straps of her dress onto their proper positions digging into her shoulder wound and dusted herself to a suitable if modest degree of cleanliness and walked away also and for some hours there was nothing else for the browncoat to listen to and finally he too resumed the biped and walked out of the funhouse and looked around at the fayre and some people but not many told him the browncoat that his hair had whitened and the browncoat shrugged dégueulasse and he could not think of much else to do or much place to go
and so he was so bored he
