

Taking Candy from the Devil

a novel

Robert P. Kaye


Published by Robert P. Kaye at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 Robert P. Kaye
Cover by Ellie Mathews


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



For my father, Dr. E. C. Kaye
and for Maggie


Chapter 1—The Paperweight
Fletcher Christian Bly stood marooned with his back to the coffee bar, observing the mid-morning rush at the Ironic Café.  He savored the charred chocolate fragrance of espresso roast, the buttery accents of fresh baked pastry.  The aroma of success.  Potent reminders of addictions to coffee and technology, the combination candy from the devil.  A sure thing gone horribly wrong.
A murder of programmers on morning break sat at two tables pulled together and strewn with empty crockery and croissant flakes, booming voices debating the best ways to trick website visitors into digital booby traps.  Next to the exposed brick wall, a sales type in a tweed jacket fired marketing collateral from a laptop screen at a prospective client, uttering incantations containing click-through, sticky pages and secret sauce.  The client, shy of twenty-five, wore a battered Linux t-shirt, bit his lip and concentrated hard to catch the trick.  Mesmerized.
Chris once played every role in the room—jaded programmer, neophyte entrepreneur, marketing charlatan.  He stood liberated by failure.  Out of money and out of business.  Terrified and thrilled at the prospect of what came next.    
Trent dealt a preemptive fifty onto the stainless steel counter.  “I got this.” 
Chris always thought his brother was more likely to end up incarcerated than achieve fortune, success and family stability.  But then Chris had been a multi-millionaire fourteen months ago.  “Thanks, man.”
“No problem.  You usually pick up the tab—I owe you.”
“You owe me squat.” Chris studied the Ironic’s logo, lithoed onto a rusty metal plate mounted on the wall: a mountain of coffee beans surmounted by the sun breaking through thunderheads, flanked by centaur angels armed with blowing trumpets.  After years of looking but not seeing, he finally understood the joke—great fanfare over a hill of beans. Funny.  He leaned against the counter for stability.  If he breathed deeply, he might get through this.  
“You, sir?” The counter guy, wielding twin Grand Inquisitor birdnest eyebrows, inclined his bulbous shaved head toward Chris.  Lucky this wasn’t one of the regular counter crew who might have remembered a usual order, first name and favorite music—and denounced him as the guy who almost destroyed the café business.  Chris had arranged to meet Trent at the very place where his life tipped into a tailspin without considering the possibility of an unmasking.  A cry for help? 
“Your order, sir?”
The question startled him to the edge of fight or flight.  Think.  Breathe.  Order.  “Double tall latte.  Non-fat.  Light on the foam.  Extra hot.  Please.” Until a few months ago, he’d recited the spell three or four times a day.  Now, drip brewed at home fed his caffeine monkey—a full pot this morning, partially explaining the jittery hands and dearth of oxygen to the brain.  
The Inquisitor nodded.  The barista’s tattoo sleeves rippled as he kickstarted a chrome espresso machine the size of a Harley.  
“You sir?”  The birdnests inflected toward Trent.
Straight coffee, biggest you got. Better make it to go.” Trent dressed like a Seattle urban native in black jeans and fleece vest with a movie studio logo embroidered over the heart.  His waistline granted no concession to closing in on forty and he exuded the cool of a movie star or jewel thief.  Or a movie star playing a jewel thief.
The Inquisitor eyed the prone fifty on the counter as if it had materialized out of thin air.  The birdnests merged.  “Do you have a smaller bill, sir?”
Trent extracted his wallet and riffled a file of currency thick as the help wanted section.  “That’s the smallest I have.  Keep the change if it’s a problem.”
The brows flexed into twin exclamation marks.   “Cool, man.  Thanks.”  He poured coffee with ceremonial flourish into a 24-ounce cup.  
Chris moved down the bar, pretending to appreciate the ritual art of espresso pulled in no hurry.  Pneumatic froth spat against the wall of a nickel-plated milk pitcher.  Interleaved foam teased onto the sludgy surface of the drink in the pattern of an arched deep forest fern.  
The ceramic cup chattered on its saucer as Chris navigated the door to the bricked square.  Trent had assumed a position at one of the steel tables with his back to the wall.  The cold metal chair branded Chris’s back through a flannel shirt that, until this morning, he hadn’t remembered owning.
Trent canted his chair back against the wall and slurped hot liquid through the aperture in the plastic lid, his goatee jet-black except for a symmetric frost line framing an outcrop of chin.  His sunglasses mirrored the restored Victorian brick and stone of Pioneer Square, pedestrians wheeling across the lenses like raptors cruising the skies of twin worlds.  
Chris propped his elbows on the table to steady his trembling cup and took a sip.  Foam caressed his upper lip, the caramelized liquid inducing an involuntary shudder of recognition.    
Wheels jaggering over bricks caused him to tip a rivulet of coffee down his chin.  A tall transient in a granite-colored tweed overcoat pushed a shopping cart at a tangent through the square, hat pulled down over steel wool hair and red-rimmed eyes.  Maybe a fellow entrepreneur, a brother-in-arms in the high tech wars, also gone to ground.  Chris’s heartbeat kicked up a notch at the idea of pushing a shopping cart containing his worldly possessions, camping on concrete.  He felt insubstantial as the page of newsprint blowing across the transient’s path.  
Trent sniffed morning air through his kinked nose, broken in several fights at school growing up and maybe more times since.  “Sea water—you can smell it over the pee on that wall.  Bet you hang out here every day.  Must be good to be the boss and not have to work your ass off.”  
“Yeah.” Chris laughed—maybe a little too much.  No point explaining the forced march slavery of sixteen-hour days, seven days a week, up to the moment of implosion.  
“What you need, now that you’re shut of what’s-her-name,” Trent said. “Is a dose of home.  Get your ass up to Squatch Hill.”  
It sounded more command than advice, but Chris appreciated the gesture of assigning blame to Eve.  “It’s complicated.”  
“Bullshit.  It’s never as complicated as you think.  Next time, find yourself a girl content to stay home and have babies, somebody like Trillium.  Simplify your life and relationships are easy.”  
“Easy?” Trent lived in a stand of old growth forest on their father’s land, with Trillium—who also happened to be their stepsister.  Unrelated by blood, but still.  Trent had assumed the role of caretaker for the complex and temperamental machine of the Bly family while building a successful career rigging movie stunts.  Anything but simple or easy.  
“Will you look at these idiots?” Trent said.
A flatbed truck had parked among the art galleries and design boutiques to deliver something to the Internet ad company resident on the floors above the square.  A wooden armature encased a behemoth glass sculpture, a fuchsia helmet-shaped bell with a gushing pedestal of clear tentacles—a glass jellyfish painted with the slippery light of early spring.
Four stories up, a roof-mounted derrick swung out over the bricks, drooling a cable and hook over the truck bed.  Two deliverymen debated something while a woman dressed in a chartreuse turtleneck, stretch pants and ballet slippers fluttered about. 
“Back in a sec.”  Trent ambled toward the truck, closed with the woman in green and presumably introduced himself.  Her hands danced like a moth around a porch light as they spoke until Trent touched her at the elbow and the fingers knit together, stilled.    
How does he do that?  Chris thought.
Trent sprang to the level of the flatbed in one bound, inserted the hook into D rings on the ends of load straps, whipped a length of rope through the armature and lashed it tight as a mathematical proof.  He said something to the deliverymen, causing them to laugh and head into the building. Trent skipped off the flatbed as if it were no higher than a curb and followed the deliverymen.  He appeared over the edge of the roof, grabbed the arm of the derrick and swung hand-over-hand above the bricks to sight down the cable.
A wave of sympathetic vertigo hit Chris, forcing him to grip the edges of the trembling steel table to keep from falling onto the brickwork and blowing away like newsprint.  Blood rushing through his brain became audible.  
Trent vaulted back onto the roof like a salmon advancing up a fish ladder, shouted “ho” and reeled a finger forward.  The caged jellyfish ascended into the crystalline sky, buoyed before the third floor window, rotating at the speed of a second hand until arms gathered it into the maw of a double-sized open window.  Muffled applause echoed from within.
A minute later Trent dropped back into his chair, re-canting it against the wall, as if he’d never left.  His sunglasses perched atop his head.  He slurped coffee, not even breathing hard.
“That was amazing,” Chris said.  
“That was ridiculous.  They were freaked out because some idiot paid fifty grand for the ugliest paperweight ever made.  I should have rigged it with a slipknot.  Hey, you all right? You look like you just had a heart attack.”
“I thought for sure it would fall.” Chris had also paid far too dearly for something awful. “And you with it.”   
“Well, I guess you’re just a glass half-shattered sort of guy.  Where were we? Oh, yeah, Eve.  I knew she was a raving bitch the first time we met—saw it in her eyes. She’s not getting half your pile, is she?  Please tell me she didn’t write your prenup?
 “No prenup.”  No pile either.  This would be the time to explain that he’d expended Herculean effort to shoveled the proceeds of his stock options from the Enormous Software Company into the firebox of his own entrepreneurial steam engine, incinerating his fortune with ruthless efficiency.  Not that there was any shame in failure in the post-boom northwest, where ex-millionaires outnumbered trees.  Bly family tradition held that a temporal lack of success could never amount to more than a speed bump on the way to The Next Big Thing.  Whatever that was.  “We’re still working on the property settlement.”
“Okay.  I get it.  None of my beeswax.  Speaking of property, you should see what we’ve done with that old tree house, man.  It’s like one of your tech buddy’s McMansions, except the living room isn’t a replica of the bridge of the Starship Enterprise.  By the way, your godson is a regular boy Tarzan.  Kids are great, man.  You should have some.”
The possibility of children, family and normal life no longer existed beyond an ache.  “How’s Dad?”   
Trent took a sip of his very expensive coffee and winced.  “Happy as a robotic pig in digital shit.  He’s revolutionizing alternative energy with this crazy new wind turbine.  Maybe he’ll let you invest some of that excess cash of yours if you’re lucky.  Hah.”  
Trent leaned forward and fixed his eyes directly on Chris’s.  Here it came—the ocular lie detector test.  “Promise me you’ll visit.  It’s been, what? Five years?  You’re shit out of excuses.”  
Chris raised cup to lips and blew, obliterating the remnants of the fern in muddy brown foam.  The coffee had gone cold and bitter. Two days prior, Cannon Bly, their father, had called Chris and requested his presence at the house to help bolt together pieces of a windmill.  Chris said he’d go, though he hadn’t planned on following through. But sanctuary sounded alluring.  Even necessary.  “Sure,” Chris said. “I will.  I’ll go up there.”   
“Good.”  Trent blinked.  “You do that, brother.”  
Chris’s turn to tighten screws.  “You going to visit Mom while you’re in town?”
“Love to, but I’m due in Burbank, like, tomorrow.” Palms turned skyward.  “And Randy’s waiting in the van, so I’ve gotta scoot.”
“Randy Doyle?  Why didn’t you bring him in?”    
“He’s still a pest and dumb as a stump—some things never change.  I hired him on as my assistant because the Doyle place looks like a slice of Appalachia these days.”  Trent made a show of studying his Rolex. “Look, I’ve gotta roll.” He stood and extended his hand. “You take care, big brother.  You look stressed out.”
“Maybe too much coffee,” Chris said.  “Makes me a little nervous.”  
“Lay off that shit.  It’ll kill you.”  Trent vice gripped Chris’s hand and snatched the giant cup of coffee off the table.  “Get your ass up to the mountains.  Acquire some perspective.  Attain some fucking equilibrium.”
“Okay.” Chris looked forward to the moment they could stop shaking hands and the pain would lessen. “I will.”



Chapter 2—Why Trees Don’t Grow to the Sky
Chris slowed to thirty-five in compliance with the speed zone.  He’d missed the sign identifying the name of the foothill town eastbound on Highway 2—Sultan, Startup, Goldbar or someplace else.  This place consisted of a diner, several taverns, a church on the highway converted to a gift shop with a display of welded flamingo lawn art.  A burger joint and a row of stores with angle-in parking. Yesterday, he’d felt intrepid.  Today he wasn’t so sure.
A girl stood at the roadside waiting to cross, hands on the push bar of a dark blue baby carriage, drizzle dampening her shoulder-length hair into ropes beside chubby adolescent cheeks.  Maybe a single mother still in high school, stuck in this small town and living with her parents, in need of a break with no crosswalk in sight.  
Chris brought the minivan to a halt, congratulating himself on his chivalry.  As the girl reached the centerline she looked at him straight through the windshield, smiling fractionally, one hand raised.  Chris raised his hand and smiled back, but terror seemed to invade the girl’s face.  She seized the handle of the stroller and lunged across the road.  His eyes darted to the rear view mirror, filled with a section of grill.  Impact snapped his head backward, tires screeching against pavement.  
The girl pushed the baby carriage down the margin of the road without a backward glance, in the self-conscious shuffle of the near-victim.  
Chris pulled off the highway. The blue pickup followed, its engine like a tank about to charge across the desert, parking tight behind.  Country music blared.  Boots clumped on the roadway.  
“You okay?”  A mahogany catcher’s mitt of a face filled most of the window over a red flannel shirt, a barrel-shaped belly parting suspenders imprinted to look like measuring tapes.  “You can’t be stopping like that on the highway, buddy.”  The miasma of chewing tobacco fumigated the car.  
“I stopped for the girl pushing the baby carriage,” Chris said.  
“What girl?” The man pointed the bill of his red cap with the Stihl chainsaw logo up and down the road.
No girl or baby carriage remained visible.   Had she stepped into the tavern?  Chris felt rattled, but eager to be moving again.  “Look, I’m okay.  Let’s exchange information and get out of here.”
The man stood back from the window, straightened, and cocked his head as if he might be dealing with a mental defective. “You sure you’re all right?  I know plenty of first aid.  I can have a look at you right here.”
“Yeah, I’m okay.” Chris fished for his insurance card, hoping his coverage hadn’t expired yet.   
The man sagged. “You about scared the shit out of me, friend. I’m Dan, by the by.  I own Logger World.  Choker-setting, log rolling, axe throwing fun for the whole family?”
“Chris Bly.  Hi there.”  It occurred to him to get out and look at the damage, but the man stood close to the door, blocking him inside.
“Hey Chris.  Whiplash is a sneaky bastard.  You should sit a while.  And I’d appreciate it if we could settle this privately, since I got a mess of startup costs with Logger World and it’s not going so good yet, if you know what I mean?  Insurance is one of those luxuries I can’t exactly afford yet. But don’t worry about the damage, I’ve got you covered.  I might need a few months, but I’m good for it.”  Logger Dan smiled through teeth the color of newly split cedar shakes, the lower left canine missing.  He bit his lower lip, the skin worried off in strips.  
Chris could not face the terror in the man’s eyes—too much like looking into a mirror. “You know, I’m okay.  We just sort of bumped and I don’t think there could be any real damage.  This car is a piece of shit anyway.  Let’s forget this.  If you’re good, I’m good.”  
“Really?”
“Yeah, really.  Don’t worry about it.”
“Okay,” Logger Dan looked on the verge of crying, something Chris definitely could not take.  “Hey, thanks a ton, friend.  If you change your mind and need to find me, you ask for Logger Dan.  Anywhere in town.”  He extended the huge hand through the window.  Chris turned to shake and a nerve twinged in his neck like an arrow in a pioneer’s back.  
* * *
He pulled off the road into a little park by the river, next to what looked like a railroad station, windows boarded with plywood, the name on the sign obliterated by graffiti. The waterline of gang tags had risen to the quaint rural towns of his youth.
Sheets of paper tiled the passenger seat, overlapping map sections up to Squatch Hill.  The route consisted of one road all the way up the wet side of the mountains and a single turn, but he wanted some perspective on the topography, like the picture on the lid of the jigsaw puzzle box.  He excavated his laptop from under the wasted pages, the metal case comfortable in his hands, like a favorite teddy bear.
He walked to the back of the van, tried to open the hatch door and found it sprung, the rear panel crumpled below the tail light.  He’d still rather walk into a swarm of wasps than face Logger Dan again.    
A small shelter stood next to the obligatory cross section of giant tree, hung like a Chinese gong, with some sort of statue lurking beside it.  He sat on the bench made out of a log cut in half lengthwise and opened the laptop, which booted spastically, screen flickering, disk drive honking like a passing flock of geese, battery almost shot.  A wireless network popped up, the signal apparently from the café across the highway with the sign declaring “EXpresso” in two-foot high letters and the CLOSED sign in the window.  Headache gnawed at his brain stem, a symptom of caffeine deficit, hunger and whiplash.  
The web page triggered his logon reflex.  As his index finger stabbed Enter, a realization downloaded into his synapses: email, potent as a needle full of smack, held nothing but a quick fix with an aftermath of grief.  A Ouija board used to summon the ghosts of his own torment.  He was here to return to the land, reconnect with family.  Achieve some fucking equilibrium.  
He closed the page before the servers concluded their handshake deal and shut down the laptop.  He made a vow—no email on this trip.  He’d take a stand right here—wherever here was.  Cold turkey.
Time to snap out of it.  Time to live in the real world.
He turned to the cross section of Doug fir suspended from its chains under the little shelter.  Nails served as pushpins marking data points in a trend line originating from the core, with small signs identifying the Magna Carta, Columbus, the Declaration of Independence, the Civil War, the founding of this town (name obliterated), both World Wars, Sputnik.  A permanent marker scrawl announced “Jason Porks Ashley!!!,” an arrow pointing to an outer ring.  No caption for Chris’s last visit to his father’s house, five years ago.  He wished he had a Sharpie.
He turned his head, testing the neck and wondering about foam collars and hoping a lifetime spent hunching over computers had developed a callous between the shoulder blades, rendering him immune to whiplash.  A gingerly twist to the opposite side allowed him to catch sight of the hulking statue tucked beside the shelter.  
Bigfoot.  Twelve feet tall, with fangs and the chainsawed suggestion of shaggy fur.  Graffiti painted names and incised dates and initials carpeted its surface.  Decades of weather grayed the wood, a massive split through its center.  A sad, time-blurred resemblance to Logger Dan creeped him out.
He fled to the van, twisting to look behind as he backed up and the nerve in his neck tweaked, shooting pain through his back and down his leg.       



Chapter 3—Footburger

As Chris gained altitude, the weather became worse.  Small towns receded to widely spaced dots on irrelevant maps, the highway narrowing to one lane in each direction with the occasional slow vehicle turnout.  Cars with kayaks and roof racks congregated where Class V whitewater carved rock into weird shapes.  Trees shaded the placid surface of the occasional eddy pond.  Big trees and bigger geology swept past, jagged basalt outcrops chewing at the margins of the road, sprinkling boulder crumbs.  Snow-covered mountains played peek-a-boo behind a curtain of drizzle, the dark green foothills sporting post clear-cut reforestation. The farther he drove, the more excited he became about simplifying his life.
A glance at the dashboard revealed the needle of the fuel gauge resting well below the bottom tick, in the region of the big E illuminated by a little orange light.  Almost out of gas—a cheap shot metaphor for his life.  He’d neglected to fill the tank at any of the towns lower down.  Unless things had changed, only one gas station lay between him and his destination.  A gas station he did not want to stop at under any circumstances.  The van strained against the grade.     
A billboard rose up out of the scrub: “BIGFOOT JUNCTION MUSEUM AND CAVE TOUR.”   The hand-painted mural depicted Bigfoot seated on a stone chair, elbow propped on a rock table, a waterfall behind.  The creature’s index finger pointed at the lettering as if anticipating a commission for each visitor.  Tilting placards beyond the sign proclaimed “General Store!” “Authentic Bigfoot Artifacts!” “See Bigfoot’s Cave!” “Unparalleled Chainsaw Artistry!” and the succinct but emphatic “Good Eats.”    
The signs summoned a wave of nostalgia and inner turmoil.  Bigfoot Junction—The Foot—lay around the corner, the mailbox to Squatch Hill a mere quarter mile beyond.  Everything would be okay if he could make it to the mailbox.  
A stretch of road opened around the curve revealing another vehicle traveling toward him in the opposite direction, a short yellow bumblebee of a school bus.  He knew who it belonged to.
His grip tightened on the steering wheel, foot plunging the accelerator toward floorboards.  Any Doyle in the bus would be unable to recognize the driver of a non-descript van rocketing past.  Speed would help.  
The oncoming bus wandered over the centerline, squatting in both lanes.  The scraggly white ponytail of a man’s head became visible through the distant windshield, the driver facing the wrong way, probably addressing passengers in the back.  Any second, the man would turn forward to correct the trajectory.  
Any second.    
Chris hit the brakes.
The road’s shoulder dropped off to boulder-studded river bottom thirty feet below.  He jabbed the steering column in search of the elusive horn.      
At the last possible nanosecond, the driver of the bus corkscrewed forward and swerved to the far side of the road almost into the gully, fishtailing back over the yellow line.  Both bus and van slowed until they coasted past one another at no more than twenty miles an hour.
Moments exist, fueled by adrenaline or imminent death, that engrave a single high-resolution image in the brain.  Such a picture had now burned itself into Chris’s synapses, captured in the instant where convergence yields to divergence.  A weatherworn pirate’s face, framed by a bushy white beard and mane.  The mike for the bus’s PA clamped in the metallic claw where the left hand should have been.  Piercing eyes and pinched brows containing anger, surprise and recognition, leaving no doubt that Harmon Doyle knew Christian Bly had returned.  
Chris jammed the accelerator to the floor in terror, engine choking as the van sputtering around the bend into a broad gravel drive, coasting to a stop in front of three ancient gas pumps.  
Out of gas.
* * *
He sat for a full half minute watching for signs of life in the single story log structure stained Civilian Conservation Corps brown, heart rate decelerating.  The building appeared smaller and more dilapidated than he remembered, what he recalled as sprawling country store now more frontier mini-mart.  A chainsaw snarled from behind the store like motocross in progress.  He didn’t want to see the owner of the hands wielding the chainsaw.  It would be a while before he was ready for that.
He examined the phalanxes of shellacked wooden bears, seagulls, giant slugs, mini-Sasquatches, loggers and sea captains flanking the van—an army held in check by a single hemp rope threaded through posts.  At the entrance to the store stood a massive wooden sculpture of Bigfoot, eight feet tall, arms outstretched towards anyone brave enough to approach the building.  A masterpiece capable of giving small children nightmares, for Willa Doyle was the Michelangelo of chainsaw sculptors.  
Chris stepped out onto the gravel, gently pressed the door shut and inserted the nozzle of the gas pump into the minivan’s fuel sphincter.  Early spring had subtracted some chill from the drizzle.  He cocked the pump lever ON and squeezed the hair trigger handle, surging gas into the tank.  The pumps predated the advent of electronic displays and credit card pay slots.  Maybe he could put money—or an IOU—on top of the pump, weight it with a rock and get away before anyone noticed. 
The numbers on the tenths of a gallon wheel on the pump drifted past at the lazy pace of a late August stream.  He clipped the pump handle so gas would continue to flow and considered hiding behind the van.  
His own image filled the side mirror: beleaguered eyes behind round glasses.  Graying hair, a process that seemed to have taken a few months.  An expression of oppression and terminal worry.  The object more distant than it appeared.
The screen door of the store banged shut.  An old man with bandy legs and left arm in a blue sling jigged down log steps; his right hand cradled the crescent moon remains of a hamburger.  He had the sweptback silver hair of an aging movie star cast as an evil genius.  Cannon Bly.  His father.  
 “Mister Christian!”  Cannon liked to say he’d named his son to provide an excuse to imitate Charles Laughton, a joke long irrelevant to all but the joker.  Five years had stripped some of the insulation from his wiry frame.  Behind the diversion of a thousand-watt smile, he looked frail.  Birch bark skin covered what was too obviously his skull.  
“Hey, Dad.” Chris realized that eventually he would have to explain where his life had jumped the tracks and other subjects not well understood.  “What happened with the arm?”
“Something startled me working on the windmill.  Took a stupid little fall.  I always meant to invent a replacement part for the rotator cuff—a crap piece of evolutionary engineering if I ever saw one.”
Cannon’s boots, splattered with a dozen colors of paint, crunched the gravel, his hamburger-holding arm spread wide.  Chris threaded himself around the sling for a hug.  A drip of warm liquid hit his scalp.  At first he thought it might be grease from the burger, but then he could see that held up and away.  The possibility existed that his father had shed an actual tear and he felt on the edge of being overcome with emotion before realizing it might be an outsized raindrop.
“So you came,” Cannon said. “What a shocker.”  
The emotion in his father’s voice and the peculiar hug almost toppled them sideways.  Chris disentangled and stepped back.  The evidence of tears seemed ambiguous.  “Dad, what the hell are you doing here?”  
“Isn’t it obvious?” He held up the burger and smiled before taking a bite worthy of a Great White, shreds of lettuce trailing from his lips.  “Swann’s got me on a goddamned macrobiotic juice diet.  If it wasn’t for these, I’d starve.”  A rivulet of iridescent liquid flowed from the foil wrapper down Cannon’s arm, dripping to gravel.  He wiped the wrist on his jeans. 
The burger, even in its mauled state, triggered a primal hunger in Chris, the bowl of cereal he’d consumed that morning long since digested. The knowledge that no possibility existed of obtaining a Footburger made it all the more desirable.  
“You’re not supposed to be here, Dad.”  Harmon Doyle had sworn to kill Cannon if he ever set foot on his property, Blys tolerated only when purchasing gasoline, but permanently barred from the store. Things couldn’t have changed that much.    
Cannon shrugged, grinned and unhinging his jaw like an anaconda swallowing a pig to take another bite.  The gas nozzle stopped with a chunk and clatter that made Chris jump. He realized the growl of the chainsaw had lapsed to silence.  
“Don’t worry,” Cannon said.  “Harmon’s out on a tour, which is a pretty rare thing these days.”  He walked to the rear of the minivan and peered through the side window at the essential stuff of Chris’s life, jammed into boxes.  “You sure got a lot of crap in there. Moving in or something?”
Chris shook the gas nozzle in the tank and lifted it out to re-holster it in the pump.
“Yeah,” said a voice behind.  “What exactly are your intentions?”  
Chris gave the gas nozzle an involuntary squeeze, causing a gush of fuel to spout onto his pant leg and shoe.  
“I guess that means you’re glad to see me.”  Willa laughed, emerging from behind the minivan dressed in blue jeans and what looked like armor-plated catcher’s gear, coated with cedar sawdust and blotches of bar oil.  A bandanna held red hair back from her face, raccoon circle imprints around her eyes left by the goggles that hung from a strap around her neck.  On somebody else, the circles might lend an expression of surprise.  
Willa unslung the chest protector and billowed her plaid shirt by its top button away from where it stuck to her chest, throwing a small cloud of sawdust and wood chips.  Her left arm clamped a pair of gauntlet-length leather gloves, covered with steel strips.  The bright slash of metal underneath the patina of caked sap gave evidence of a recent encounter with a broken saw chain.  
Chris dumped the nozzle back into the pump bracket and attempted to shake the gas off his shoe, but it had soaked into the fabric of his clothing immediately.  He searched for something witty to say to Willa—something worthy of their first words in a couple of decades.  “Hello, Willa.”
“Your hair’s gone grey,” she said. “Very distinguished.”
Cannon examined his son’s head with surprise.  “God damn.  You’re right.”
Chris searched for something to say, but the fumes penetrated his sinuses and lightheaded brain.  
“So, ready to pay for that gas?” Willa said.  
The pump indicated a price approaching a week’s worth of groceries.  “Wow,” Chris said.   
“Monopoly has its advantages,” Willa said.    
Some faces are symmetrically perfect, revealing their flaws over time.  Willa’s face appeared asymmetrically beautiful.  And different.  “What happened to the glasses?” he said. 
“Prescription goggles.” She canted the lenses of the goggles like a signal device.  “Still blind as a bat without them.”  She fished in the front pocket of the woolen shirt, extracted a pair of specs and jammed them on her face.  They appeared similar to the clunky thick-rimmed pair she’d worn as a teenager, but trendier.  Retro.  “Recognize me now?”  
She seemed peeved.  And he remembered—she hated her glasses.
Her blush began at the clavicle and climbed the stem of her neck until the color of her cheeks rivaled the red of her hair.  Incandescently attractive.  It occurred to him that perhaps this would not be the best place to hide from the complexities of the world.  He managed to pull his wallet and fumble out a credit card.
“Sorry,” Willa said. “Card machine’s broken.  Cash only.”
He’d neglected to bring cash for the trip, not having much to bring.  He extracted the lone hundred-dollar bill kept for emergencies.   
“Put it on my tab, Willa,” Cannon said.
“No, here.” Chris, extended the bill.  “Don’t worry about the change.”  
Wrong.  So wrong.
Willa’s face turned stony.  “This is a gas station, not a restaurant.  We don’t take tips.”  
Chris glanced toward the building, which, as far as he knew, still contained a restaurant of sorts with a tip jar next to the register.
She snatched the bill.  “I’ll start a tab for your gas,” she said.  
“Sure.” He swallowed hard.  
Willa wheeled on her boot heel and strode toward the end of the house.  He could not help but observe the snugness of her jeans.  
“And stop looking at my ass.”
Chris looked away, even though Willa’s back remained to him.  Cannon grinned, a piece of burger bun stuck in his teeth.
The chainsaw started like a pack of wolves about to bring down a caribou.  
“Smooth,” Cannon said.  “Learn those marketing skills in the big city, did you?”
Chris looked at his father with the cumulative frustration of a lifetime.  “I’m not marketing anything.”
“Obviously.”  Cannon produced another splendid sample from his portfolio of smiles, the kind that reminded people of Bill Clinton or Jimmy Stewart, causing them to reach for their wallets either to extract money, or, if they knew him, to prevent its disappearance.  “They hate us because we’ve got the luck and the looks. None of which last.”
Chris stared at his father.  Maybe he should confess now.  Get it over with.  But then, they never were a family to discuss issues of any significance.
“You can give me a ride home,” Cannon said.  “If there’s any room left in there.”



Chapter 4—Junk Mail
“Floor it,” Cannon said.  
For a moment, Chris felt fourteen again, learning how to drive behind the wheel of a new pickup, Cannon barking instructions from the other end of the bench seat.  Chris accelerated out of the Foot’s lot onto the highway, shooting nervous glances toward the rearview mirror while searching ahead for the enormous mailbox marking the turn to Squatch Hill—a distance too short to achieve escape velocity, but too far away not to try.
“Turn here.”
“Where’s the mailbox?”
“Turn or you’ll miss it.”
Chris braked hard and cranked the wheel toward an opening in the trees, wedging the van into the mouth of a narrow track, the center of gravity slamming sideways, bottoming out in the first set of potholes, lurching passenger and driver forward against their seat belts.  The undercarriage scraped earth and rock as the van came to a stop.  
Blood surged through Chris’s brain, pressure elevated by repeated flushes of adrenaline.  The jitters were back.  “What happened to the mailbox?” Two ruts led away from the highway into the woods.  
“Took it down because it kept filling up with crap.  Snail mail is a waste of resources in the electronic age.  Why aren’t we moving?”
Chris eased the van forward, his heart valves fluttering faster than the engine’s.  He wondered what happened to the Christmas cards he’d sent, but didn’t have the spare attention to ask.  The firs along the road had doubled in size since his last trip, pinching the narrow track carved into the edge of the hill.  Ruts and potholes bucked the van like a bobble head doll in an earthquake, rendering the attitude of travel a matter of dead reckoning.
“Nice of you to come up and help out,” Cannon said.  “I didn’t actually expect you to show.  Get up your speed and watch the downhill side—this part’s tricky.”
Chris tried to avoid a slip sideways down the incline, negotiating a small landslide by steering up slope.  For a sickening moment all four wheels spun, the van twisting as it slid, scrabbling for traction.  He could not help wonder what pithy comment Cannon might offer if they rolled.
“Hey, good job,” Cannon said.  “I didn’t think we’d make it in this shoebox.”
Praise?  One of the rarest commodities growing up was praise from Cannon.
A torturous ten minutes later, the van lurched over the rim of a flat notch carved by the combination of nature and industry near the hill’s summit.  They pulled into a big clearing, Chris’s arms trembling as if he’d wrestled a bear.  A hard rain would make the muddy track back to the road impassable.  Trapped, whether he liked it or not.  He parked beside his father’s dilapidated pickup—the same one he’d learned to drive in—and noticed a line of grass sprouting from the dirt wedged between the back bumper and the rusted bed.
The panorama of rugged mountains out the windshield caught him by surprise. Squatch Hill was a geographic anomaly, a lateral line of granite cutting across the hanging valley cut by glaciers.  A high point of rock that refused to be ground down, now standing sentinel.  The notch cut in the top of the hill offered a view south.  In the floor of the basin lay the ravine containing Squatch Creek, the stand of old growth, the tree house.  The falls that marked the property line with the Doyles.  Bigfoot Cave and the Foot.  On the other side of Squatch Creek lay the valley where the Department of Natural Resources land began, maintained as wilderness thanks to environmentalist lawsuits that Cannon had a hand in.  On Chris’s left, the blue and white ridge of the Cascades marched south, extending along the rim of volcanoes bisecting the state of Washington and continuing to the Sierra Nevadas—a giant “tear here” perforation in the billing stub of the earth’s crust.  This was where he needed to be.  The more isolated, the better.
“So Dad.  How much of this do you own?”
“Beats the shit out of me.”
Chris knew his father had started with a quarter section—160 acres— purchased from a shadowy old coot whose family had lived on the land for generations, dating back to the time of the railroads.  There was evidence of mining operations on Squatch Hill and elsewhere, but Chris was never clear what they sought, or if they found it. Cannon acquired adjoining parcels as they became available, what started as a weekend getaway snowballing into a private wilderness. 
“Will you be getting out, or making a run for Canada?” Cannon said.
Chris turned his attention back toward the collection of mismatched structures crowding into the notch.  He knew them down to the individual nail and bolt, shanghaied into helping with their construction through his teenage years.  The main house consisted of a set of geodesic domes covered in gray shakes, a homebuilt space station crashed to earth and partially buried upon impact.  Half-cylinder spokes—tunnels made of agricultural Quonset huts—connected the main dome to five smaller ones.  The whole thing appeared dirty, organic and ancient.  However weird it might look, he felt glad to be here.
One side of the tall wooden door in the main dome opened.  A barrel-on-stilts shaped woman emerged through the gap, her imposing figure augmented by ropy dreadlocks dyed different hues, coiled onto her head like the tendrils of a hydra.  A shawl of buckskin cocooned her shoulders, studded with diamond, ruby and sapphire earring and necklaces sewn on.  The woman moving toward them called herself Wilde Swann, or Swann for short.  Gloria Yeats Carson Bly, the person Cannon had divorced Chris’s mother to marry twenty-nine years earlier.  Chris felt no need to relinquish the safety of his van, and considered locking the door.
The ring of an old-fashioned dial phone came from outside.  Swann drew a small metallic object from a pocket inside her shawl and flipped it open.  She listened intently for a moment and began to speak.  
“A cell phone?” Chris said.  “How the hell do you get service out here?”
“Communications tower.”  Cannon pointed toward the bald crown of Squatch Hill rising several hundred feet above the clearing to a structure with more spiky antennae than a Star Wars special effects model.  “I’ve still got connections through an old buddy of mine—their Chief Scientist, whatever the hell that means. But we can’t stay in here forever, so we might as well get this over with.  Come on, get out.”
 They descended from the van.  Chris strolled casually for the front door while Swann spoke on the phone.  
“Stop,” she said. 
He stopped.
She folded the phone and drew her arms back under the cape.  The buckskin cocoon erupted with dramatic flourish, arms skyward, in one hand a bunch of twigs and a long-necked barbeque lighter in the other.
Cannon retreated to the margins of the clearing near a tangle of vine maples, distancing himself with a shrug.
Swann pulled the trigger on the lighter, but it did not ignite.  She clicked again and again, each time more emphatically than the last, the lighter remaining fireless. “Crap.”
“Point it down,” Cannon said.
“Maybe we could do this later?” Chris still reeked of gasoline fumes and  imagined himself going up in flames.  He turned toward the front door.
“I say stop, Christian Bly.” The steel in her voice had the same effect as a bank robber’s promise to blast a hole in the head of the first hostage who moved.  “I will not have you in this house without proper spiritual hygiene.”
“Maybe we could just shake hands?” 
Her humorless smile made the viability of this option clear.  “You always were a cynic.  What isss that smell?”  The letter “s” in “is” whistled from behind her teeth.  As children, Chris and Trent believed this sound to be a deliberate act of brainwashing aimed at eroding their free will, the sonic equivalent of Styrofoam cut with a dull pocketknife over and over and over.  He had long since figured out that it had more to do with the odd configuration of Swann’s teeth, but it still unnerved him.
“Gasoline,” Cannon said.  “I found him attempting self-immolation at the Foot.  Some sort of war protest.  Point the lighter down when you click.  Get some fuel to the spark.”
“Thanks a bunch, Dad.”
Swann pointed the lighter down and clicked, it’s tip igniting.  She adjusted the flame to that of a small blowtorch and lit the fan of twigs, generating a plume of black smoke with the odor of burnt lavender, accompanied by a miniature fireworks display of sparks.  
“You shouldn’t come near me with that.” The evaporation of the gasoline still cooled Chris’s pant leg and shoe.  
“Nonsense.” Swan advanced, fan fluttering like the wing of a crippled bird.  “You are a wounded man, due for a bath in the smoke of forgiveness.”
“I’m not sure why I need forgiveness.  And Dad’s the one who’s wounded, not me.”  How like her to land with both feet on the neck of the truth.
“Don’t you drag me into this,” Cannon said.
“All men are wounded and require forgiveness.  Now let’s get on with it.  I’m very busy.”
Swann advanced and Chris backpedaled over the rough ground, sure of being burnt alive.  He stumbled on a stone, and she swooped in to grab the armhole of his fleece vest.  She fanned smoke and sparks from head to toe as he staggered sideways, a dog at the end of a stake, swatting sparks away from his pant leg and sucking in a lungful of bitter smoke.  He caught a lung full of smoke and began to cough uncontrollably.  
Fire did not engulf him.  Swann released her iron grip and he staggered backward, coughing, but upright.
“There,” Swann said.  “All done.  Now you are welcome in my home as a man with a new start, in spite of what you did to poor Eve.  Who I never liked anyway, but she is a sister, and you left her in the lurch.  The rest you have to figure out yourself.”
Chris coughed too hard to point out that Eve had been the one to cheat on him, leaving when he hit bottom.  She commanded a considerable income from her law practice, and was poised to come away from the marriage with any assets worth having.  None of this sounded lurch-like.  The fact that Cannon left Chris’s mother for Swann all those years ago also seemed relevant, but the spasms in his lungs made it more likely that he would disgorge his insides on the gravel than be able to contribute this perspective. 
 “Enough spiritual delousing,” Cannon said.  “He’s here to help with the goddamned windmill.  He doesn’t need forgiveness or fumigation for anything. Yet.”  
“Nonsense.” Swann marched back inside through the massive door, leaving it open behind her. 
* * *
The coughing subsided as Chris looked up at the bubble of the dome from inside.  Years ago, Cannon had tried hybridizing Himalayan blackberry, that invasive import that blanketed Western Washington.  It died out everywhere except within the confines of the domes, where it came up through cracks in the foundation and grew inside the structure itself.  Now vines traced through the triangular panels, taking root in the fabric of the structure as ferns, moss and bromeliads inhabit the canopy of a rainforest.  
No electric lighting augmented the grainy skylight illumination filtered by fir needles and cobwebs.  As a boy, Chris imagined the main room as the bridge of the Nautilus submerging into the benthic zone.  When he’d encountered Captain Nemo and Dr. Moreau, Chris figured that Verne and Wells must have both known his father.
Squatch Hill always seemed like a bad idea to Chris—a place for Cannon to retire after a life in constant motion, somewhere to relax for someone incapable of relaxation.  Or a way to escape from his old family in the city.  Cannon announced his goal in moving out here as a revolution in residential construction.  Nobody expected Cannon to stay put for long, but he did.  Residential construction remained unrevolutionized.  
As a teenager, arriving here meant receiving a tool belt and task list, which more than filled the weekend, holiday or summer vacation.  Frame a new slab for yet another dome erupting like a puffball mushroom through bare earth.  Slap an endless combination of triangles onto the surface of an imaginary sphere.  While Chris worked, he brooded over his father’s quick and dirty approach to construction and swore his own life would be different: Focused.  Intentional.  Planned.  Back in school in the city, he learned everything he could about computers, an irony since Cannon had invented some of their essential guts. 
In Chris’s adult life, manual labor had become as foreign to him as the flint knapping of spear points, but seeing the domes in their current ramshackle state triggered an unexpected desire to pick up a hammer.    
 “You’re in your old room,” Cannon said.  “Why don’t you get settled and visit your sister and nephew out at the tree house?”
“Won’t she drop by here?”  Chris knew the day-to-day rhythms of Squatch Hill only through Trent, who portrayed Trillium as a fixture at the domes.  
“Trent’s in one of his independent phases. Trill and the kid haven’t been over here for three months and four days.”
Trent hadn’t mentioned anything about this.  Something was indeed odd at Squatch Hill.
Cannon stood at the massive plank doorway to the passageway leading to his own dome, the largest satellite.  The door hung by a set of oversized iron hinges forged during Cannon’s fascination with blacksmithing.  Chris remembered watching his father bang on the red hot metal with a three-pound hammer and thinking he must be impervious to trivialities such as decay and age.  Now the corner of the door rested against the floor, cracks gaping in both hinges next to the bolts in the frame.  Cannon dragged the door open with his good arm, an act that seemed to consume all his strength—something Chris felt obligated not to notice.  “What about you?” Chris said.  “Want to come out to the tree house?”
“Too busy,” Cannon pushed the door mostly shut behind him.  “Tell them hi for me.  See if you can negotiate a truce, while you’re at it.  Nice to have you back aboard, Mr. Christian.”
* * *
Stacked cardboard boxes obscured the walls beside the built-in bunk beds in the smaller dome that had once been the boys’ bedroom.  Trent’s practice trapeze still dangled over the center of the room from eyebolts in the ceiling.  Chris reached up and grasped the blackened athletic tape wrapping the bar, gave it a shove and caught it as it came back.  It continued to twitch with an elliptical movement as if alive.  
Here too blackberry vines wove themselves in and out of the panels, sprouting through a crack in the cement slab, their sinuous shoots bright green and more permanent than the surrounding structure. He hauled one of the boxes down from a stack.  Old catalogs, grocery fliers, appeals from the Cancer Society.  Window envelopes with credit card offers expired years ago.  Ancient junk mail, of no use to anyone.  The perfect roommate.



Chapter 5—Raven and Spider Monkey
Chris set out for the tree house.  It seemed critical to prove that the map down the hill remained ingrained in his muscles and brain, but the steepness of the slope made him nervous.  Rocks banged his toes through the sides of his running shoes, gravel shipping in next to his socks—he’d forgotten to change into boots.  
The air became opaque with mist and he discovered himself lost at the base of the hill.  Back in his youth, he’d run down this path to the Foot in ten effortless minutes.  Now he’d been gone from Squatch Hill for half an hour, knees turned to jelly as he fought his way through low brush swallowing the path.  
Somewhere close by, the missing trail forked into the entrance of the ravine, a path that should have been obvious as water flowing downhill.  He stood beside a huge silver spar, denuded of bark and needles, the skeleton of a tree too stubborn to fall down just because it died. Turning back seemed like an excellent option—if only he knew where “back” might be.  He felt the combination of low blood sugar and panic brewing within.
  A raucous caw made him duck.  A raven the size of a well-fed housecat perched on a limb alongside woodpecker holes six feet overhead.  Maybe the bird constituted the vanguard of a Hitchcockian assault force ready to swoop down and peck him [CAW] eyeless, left to wander [CAW] through the woods.  He’d seen groups of crows chase off eagles, and felt [CAW] less impressive than the symbol of American might.  
But he would not go quietly.  “Fuck off.”
The bird inspected him like a piece of carrion, looking for the best bits.  CAW!
“I said, FUCK OFF!”  His voice carried over the treetops, expanding his lungs with sap-scented air, oxygen flowing to his brain.  A declivity in the green blanket of trees past the rocky shelf indicated Squatch Creek ravine, the crest of old growth within it rising in a topographical bulge.  The trail lay in front of him, obscured by spring growth.  He decided that yelling might be an underutilized approach to problem solving and resolved to do more of it in the future.
The raven cocked its head, further comment unnecessary.
* * *
Down in the ravine a mix of brush and waist-thick Doug fir gave way to portly old growth giants standing a wary distance from one another, the path between them clear and easy to follow.  Rays of light stabbed through the canopy to cast pied patterns on clumps of ferns and what might be bunchberry.  The roots of half a dozen vampiric saplings straddled a fallen nurse log five feet in diameter, sucking nutrients out of the decomposing corpse.  Wispy old man’s beard moss decorated the lower branches, turkey tail fungi pasting themselves like sconces on timber.  This small patch of first growth forest came into Cannon Bly’s possession as a historical accident, its preservation part of the deal with the mysterious previous owner.  
Centuries of compacted needles and twigs gave the humus a spongy bounce, the eerie silence making it easy for Chris to imagine the primeval world before the white man arrived to screw it up.  The proposition that Sasquatch lived in old growth seemed reasonable and necessary.  He felt sure something stalked him right now.  
He walked along the ravine parallel to the creek until the water’s pitch whispered in his ear to turn.  There stood the twin cedars growing side-by-side, each with trunks more than six feet in diameter, diverging at the base then growing parallel toward the sky, neither yet successful at strangling the life out of the other in their battle to monopolize the light.  He always thought of them as brothers.  
The floor of the tree house encircled the two trunks some twenty feet up, resting on a skeleton of beams and struts.  The structure had come a long way from the simple platform he and Trent built with materials lifted from the Squatch Hill building site over twenty-five years before.  They’d carried everything down the trail, struggling against one another as much as the weight of the lumber.  Now walls enclosed a structure with glass windows, siding and a shake roof—a full-blown house dropped from the sky and wedged into the branches, Wizard of Oz style.  Gazebos, balconies and platforms perched in branches and other trees, linked by suspension bridges made from cable and board.  The height of the platforms made Chris dizzy.  
On the ground, ruts threaded their way into the distance, an improvised access road leading in the direction of the highway.  He felt a little disappointed that Trent hadn’t carried in the materials for the improvements on his own back.  
Friction sang from behind.  Chris spun around to find a small boy in a climbing harness dangling from a climbing rope, like a spider monkey—more spider than monkey.
“Halt!”  
Chris jumped back and froze.  The boy held a bow in one hand, the arrow nocked and pointed at his heart.  As they stared at each other, the point of the arrow drifted to the side, the boy kicking to keep it aimed.  Long underwear fit snug against a thin body, eyes large and dark brown, hair a dense skullcap, the reincarnation of Trent as a child.  This had to be Sky, his nephew and godson. Chris relaxed a little.  “You scared the hell out of me.”
“Halt, or you die.” The boy drew the bowstring to his cheek.  “Hands up.”  
Chris thrust hands skyward.  The boy dangled five feet above ground, adjusting the point of the arrow toward Chris’s torso, twisting and kicking.  With nothing to brace against, boy and arrow turned like the second hand on a watch.  
“Shit.  Don’t move, mister.”
“Hey, it’s okay.  You must be Sky.  I’m your uncle Chris.”  
“Don’t call me Sky.”  The boy relaxed the bowstring, released the cam of the descender and dropped onto his butt with a thud, the impact leaving him unfazed.  “My name used to be Sky a long time ago, but I changed it to Draven, which is the combination of raven and dragon.  Then Niccolo, after Niccolo Machiavelli, because my dad loves that book, “The Prince.”  My mom said I can call myself anything I like.  So now I’m SkyFish, which is an original name.  Are you the enemy?”  
 “No, I’m your uncle Chris.” A layer of dirt coated the boy the same dun color as the forest floor, as evenly as a breaded fish fillet.  Chris stifled a smile and extended his hand.  
SkyFish ignored the hand.  
“You probably don’t remember me.  It’s been a while.”  He thought of Thanksgiving dinner five years prior, the last time they’d met.  Sky—not yet SkyFish—had wanted the same picture book read to him over and over.  Chris obliged and still remembered whole pages of Goodnight, Moon as a result.  He felt a powerful urge to read to the boy again, teach him everything he knew, be a real uncle.  That this could be the same person seemed nothing short of miraculous.  
“No, I don’t remember, but I know who you are.  Trillium says you’re too stuck up to visit poor relatives.”  
He probably deserved that.
SkyFish snapped to his feet in the manner favored by gymnasts, breakdancers and Kung Fu movie heroes, assuming a stance with legs spread and arms akimbo. Add a cap and turn the clothes green and he’d be Peter Pan, except for the climbing gear dangling from the nylon web harness cinched around his buttocks and groin like a diaper.  
“So who is this enemy?” Chris said.  
“I don’t know exactly.  My Dad says I’m chief scout and my mission is to look out for strangers.”  Cocking his head toward the platform, SkyFish cupped hands around his mouth. “Trilllleeeeeummmmmm.”  
The shrill power of the voice hurt Chris’s ears.  He looked toward the understory where a female figure skittered down a ladder anchored to the trunk of one of the cedars.  It became obvious she wore no underwear beneath the insubstantial flowered sundress whipping in the breeze.  
As a child, Trillium had always exhibited casual disregard for clothing, shedding her outfit to go swimming or play sprite in the woods.   But back then she was a child and they were brother and sister, with little perspective on the fact that they were not actually related by blood.  Chris looked away, embarrassed and somehow embarrassed that he felt embarrassed.  
She reached the ground in no time, bounded barefoot to Chris and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck, sobbing, bending him to her height.  His twisted nerve stabbed with pain.  He patted her back and tried to avoid inhaling the scent of her hair, potent with smoke, grease and body odor, more Dumpster dweller than wood sprite.
“Hey there, Trill.  Are you okay?” 
“Sorry.  I’m just so happy to see you.”  She wiped tears away from puffy eyes and turned her face.  
It didn’t look like happiness had anything to do with her tears, or that the crying had started with his arrival. “What’s wrong?”  
“Nothing.  Everything is fine, don’t worry about us.  I’m so glad to see you and I always get weepy when Trent’s in Hollywood working, and—you know.  This time it’s some superhero thing with lots of rope stunts, perfect for Mr. Action Figure—.”  She forced a laugh and dredged her eyes with the backs of her hands, leaving faint smears of tears and dust.
“Please come upstairs and tell me everything about yourself and the world.  I’ll make you tea.  How’s Eve?”
Chris looked to the platform above.  Heights bothered him—at least they did twenty-five years ago when he spent half his life on a ladder.  Since then he’d stayed on the ground and avoided anything higher than a step ladder.  Visiting the tree house meant climbing twenty feet over the forest floor and questions he didn’t want to answer.  Plus he’d never cared much for tea.  “Can’t we talk down here?”
“No, silly.  You’ve got to see my house.  I have shortbread biscuits.  They’re imported.”  She smiled, tears continuing to flow from puppy dog eyes.  “Please.  Please?”  
Biscuits.  Hunger gnawed at his insides. He still hadn’t had anything to eat since breakfast.  Lunch hadn’t occurred to anyone at Squatch Hill. 
She leaned forward to take his hand in hers, and he could not help but notice her breasts waggling within the sketchy confines of the sundress.  She dragged him toward the ladder and began to pull upward, climbing sideways, dress blowing in the breeze until it seemed it might come off.  
“Okay, you can let go,” he said, concentrating on the trunk beside him.  “I’m coming.”
“Great.  I’ll get the tea started.”  She grinned with the delight of the little girl playing pretend in the woods and scampered up the ladder. Chris clutched the insubstantial rails and froze.  He looked down—a mistake. 
The boy stood watching, his face communicating—what?  The Bly expression of distain?  Maybe the unluckiest genetic gift of all.  They looked at each other for a long moment before SkyFish turned and ran swiftly as a startled deer, bow flailing at his side, the forest swallowing him in an instant.



Chapter 6—Cyclops
Construction of the original platform commenced when Chris was sixteen and Trent thirteen, spending the summer at Squatch Hill.  The two ran to the site after dinner instead of doing chores, or when Cannon went to town for materials, or they stole away from their assigned construction tasks.  Cannon had to have noticed, but said nothing, always in favor of a little constructive rebellion.
The original core of the tree house conformed to a plan painstakingly drafted to scale on a single sheet of typing paper, folded to fit Chris’s back pocket and taped along its creases to combat disintegration.  Trent took all the ridiculous chances, dangling from ropes or climbing unencumbered to pound lumber into place.  Soon, beams butted against cedar trunks, held by lag bolts, bracing a solid web of angles to support a plank floor.  The platform took on rock solid stability, overbuilt to a fault. 
“It’s done,” sixteen-year-old Chris said, comparing the structure to the drawing.  At that moment, he felt at home in the trees, acrophobia alleviated by the belief that his creation stood whole, complete and perfect.  His first realization of an engineered dream.   
“Bullshit,” Trent said.  “It’s a deck, not a tree house.  It needs a roof and walls.  It can’t stay like this if I’m going to live here.”
“Live here?  Are you nuts?  You saw the drawing.  Walls and a roof would add a ton of weight and we don’t know how much the beams will hold.  I’m not an engineer.  Yet.”  The plan remained in his back pocket.  “It’s finished.” 
“You said we were partners.  How come you get to say when it’s done?”
“I’m the senior partner, the designer.  Chief architect.”  How could Trent’s expectations deviate from the clear facts of the drawing?  “This is the way we planned it.”
“Like hell.”
Chris found himself flat on his back, head under the guardrail viewing the ascending trunk of the cedar from an unexpected angle and experiencing some difficulty looking past his own nose, which seemed to have swollen to the dimensions of a pinecone filled with heat, blood and pain.  
It dawned on him that his brother had punched him in the face. He rolled to his knees and steadied himself with his hands.  
Trent relaxed against the guardrail on the other side of the platform.  “You should stay down for a while.  Your nose is bleeding.”  
Trent’s temper could hit flash point unpredictably, but this appeared to be calculated. Chris was stunned.  “What the fuck is wrong with you?”
“Nothing.  Just standing up for my rights.”
Chris had three years of strength and four inches of height on his brother, which came in handy wrestling, but they’d never had a fistfight.  Trent had recently devoured Machiavelli’s The Prince, and seemed to regard it as a blueprint for life.   Chris wondered what chapter covered punching out family members and then remembered—all of them.  
He charged across the platform, swinging for Trent’s head, which disappeared behind Chris’s swollen nose.  A shove propelled him toward the edge of the platform where he almost went over the rail to the forest floor.
He clutched the banister, breathing hard, reflecting on the height of the rail in proportion to the lever of his body and realizing the platform hadn’t been designed for a fist fight—not it’s only major flaw considering his basic fear of heights.  The gross stupidity of an acrophobic building a tree house hit him harder than his brother’s punch.  
He descended the ladder and stood at the base of the big cedars, realizing he hadn’t included Trent in the planning or asked his opinion about much of anything.  His own callous behavior seemed worse than the sudden attack.  “You can keep it,” he yelled.  “Change it however you want.”  
He walked up the trail toward Squatch Hill, doing his best to tear up the plan, now spotted with blood and tears mixed with sticky tape.  From that day on, the tree house belonged to Trent and Chris resolved to stay on the ground.
* * *
Trillium made tea over an elaborate enameled stove powered by propane while Chris browsed the interior of the house in the sky.  The quarters had expanded well beyond the original platform, but remained cramped, not so much by square footage as for the bookcases, furniture and art cramming every corner.  A pot bellied stove stood at one side of the living room venting out through the wall via a built-in mantelpiece flanked by stained glass windows.  A large antique clock with a bulbous crystal stood on the mantle, a bug-eyed Cyclops keeping watch on the room, its steady tick tock offering an odd accompaniment to the groan of wood against wood driven by the breeze.  The floorboards flexed like the deck of a ship riding at anchor.  Chris wondered how much extra supports had been required, what the loads were like mathematically.
A leather couch and matching overstuffed chair occupied the living room beside an art deco oak coffee table supporting a bronze sculpture of an Indian on a horse, bow slung over his back.  The Indian’s bow bent at a peculiar angle, nicks and gouges pocking the metal.  A red and black abstract oil painting covered most of one wall in shapes reminiscent of a forest fire, Trent’s distinctive signature dominating the lower corner.  A few tiny but eccentrically beautiful studies of a child that looked like SkyFish hung in the corners, lacking any signature. Trillium’s work.    
“This is quite the place,” Chris said.  “Trent must be doing really well in the movie business.”  
“Do you really like it?  He’s a big success all right.  But how are you, Mr. Bigshot?  What brings you here? Are you worth like a gazillion dollars yet?”
 Trillium had always looked up to him, and he hesitated to tell her his troubles, especially when it appeared she had enough of her own.  “Dad needs some sort of help with his windmill project.  He said that you haven’t been up the hill in a while yourself.  How come?”
Trillium focused on her upper arm to examine an inflamed insect bite at the center of a larger discoloration, like spoiled fruit.  “It’s easier this way.  Mom and Dad are always so busy and Sky—I mean SkyFish—prefers the woods.  Let’s not talk about that. How’s things with Eve?  Why isn’t she here?  She isn’t pregnant, is she?”
He couldn’t lie in response to a direct question, especially when everyone else seemed to know.  “Eve and I are getting a divorce.” 
“Oh, shit, I’m so sorry.”  It looked like she might break down in tears again, but she suppressed a smile in kaleidoscoping emotions. “What happened?”
Something told him she already knew.  “Let’s just say she’s moved on to greener pastures and we’re both better off for it.”  True, if vague.
“I hated that bitch anyway.” The delighted snarl of contempt seemed toxic enough to cause birth defects.  “She sucked the life out of you like a black widow spider, feeding off the blood of a dragonfly wrapped up in her web.  It was only a matter of time before—”
Chris raised his hand.  “It’s over.  Doesn’t it get lonely out here?”
She bit her upper lip. “No. SkyFish and Trent and I are a complete family unit and loneliness is for the weak.”   Her expression looked like the last brave act before the firing squad served its purpose. Her mouth remained open and Chris noticed that one of her lower front teeth had turned an odd shade of gray.  
  “Come on.  You can’t stay out here without company.  You’ll go nuts—if you don’t freeze first.”  The air felt refrigerated, the breeze circulating through chinks where the walls met the tree trunk.  Trillium’s flesh had a pale blue hue.  Chris felt chilly even in his fleece vest.  The floor tilted like a disease of the inner ear and he wondered how much the stove weighed.
“You know me, I don’t get cold.  We’re busy with home school.  And I promised Trent—.” 
“What?”
“Not to, you know.  Visit. Trent said that Mom and Dad still think our relationship is the next thing to incest.  I don’t believe they really think that, but he made me promise, and you know how he is about things like that—he’ll look into your eyes and drill the truth out of your brain.  He’d know if I went over there.  Sky spends a lot of time in the woods, but you never know where he is.  Look, don’t worry about us.  We’ve got everything we need and then some.  Way beyond self-sufficient.  Just look at all the stuff we have.”  Suffering welled in her eyes as she looked around the crowded rooms.
He thought she could use a hug, but Trent’s presence lingered in the room.  “Look, at least come to dinner tonight to celebrate my homecoming.  I’ll tell him I insisted.”  
Trillium smiled.  That tooth really did need attention. “Is Swann cooking?”
“As far as I know.”
“Then I’d better not.  Sky would tell.”
Chris wondered if his brother would actually put SkyFish up to informing on his own mother.  “Seriously?”
She glanced at the clock.  “He’s a lot like Trent.  Which is, you know, good, except —.”
The kettle came to a boil with a piercing whistle, and Trillium ran to take it off the heat.
“You’d be amazed how smart he is.”  She leaned against the wall by the stove—part of the cedar, covered in bark.  “History, math, even physics.  Like he absorbs it from thin air.  Which is good, because I never learned that myself.  Guess he takes after Dad and you.”  She smiled unconvincingly.  “Trent teaches him a ton of things about the woods—tracking and climbing and how to shoot.  And philosophy.  I’m going to have to read that Nietzsche guy one of these days.  Trent says that boys need to learn street smarts, and how’s he going to do that with no streets?  Truth is, I need Sky a lot more than he needs me.”  She turned to fuss with the tea.
Chris stepped back into the living room and sat in the expensive-looking overstuffed leather chair, wishing the potbellied stove was lit.  Summer would arrive soon and the need for heat would fade.  He realized this had to be Trent’s chair, the throne of power.  He moved to the couch.  Trillium brought in a tray loaded with a heavily chipped tea service and set it on the coffee table.  
“You remember when we were young?”  Trillium said, “How I always said I never wanted to leave?  I’d find excuses not to go to school, like fake stomach aches and that sort of thing?”
“You were going to marry Randy Doyle.”
“Oh god.”  She rolled her eyes and laughed. “I was so stupid.  I should have stayed in school.  Then I’d have more to teach Sky—SkyFish.  I’m still getting used to that name.”
“You can still study.  Get your GED.  You could get a job.”
“Yeah, but any commute would be ridiculous, and what would I do?  Trent doesn’t want me to work.  No, it’s too late for all that.  I’m sorry, but the shortbread is gone, SkyFish scarfed it all down, even though I told him—.  Look, I’m so glad you’re back.  This tea cost like thirty dollars an ounce.  It has medicinal properties, but I forget what.”
Chris sipped his tea, hoping the liquid might provide warmth, suppression of hunger and mitigate fear of heights.  It tasted vaguely of mushrooms and grass, like something Swann might like.  He tried to avoid looking out the window where it became obvious they sat suspended over the forest floor.  He tried to avoid the view of Trillium’s body under the inadequate sundress as she moved about like a hummingbird, now actually humming.  Both vantages were equally disconcerting. 
He had no right to judge her circumstances, given the fucked up nature of his own life.  This was Trent’s business, his design.  Maybe Chris wasn’t seeing the whole picture.  He looked into the eye of the cycloptic clock, watching him from across the room like a security camera.  



Chapter 7—Squash Pie
Hunger issued humpback whale cries as it sounded the deep channels of Chris’s gastrointestinal tract.  He sat with Cannon at the trestle table along the inside perimeter of the house, in the area devoted to food preparation and consumption—it was hard to identify the boundaries of an actual kitchen in the one large room.  Even at almost nine-thirty in the evening, dwindling spring light dangled beyond the windows, brighter than the candles distributed on the table and counters.  The remaining interior of the dome dissolved into darkness, a cave harboring the wild animals of the family past.  
It had been a long day and Chris felt hollow, knowing that the idyllic version of Squatch Hill portrayed by Trent did not exist.  He should have known.  Disappointment made this feel like the Christmas after learning that Santa Claus was a fraud, wary of unwrapping another lie.  He wanted to ask about many things, but didn’t have the energy, in desperate need of calories before another trial.   He hadn’t eaten anything since that long distant bowl of cereal at breakfast.
The bell of a mechanical kitchen timer rang and Chris began to salivate, his body anticipating the ecstatic joy of eating.  He imagined meat, potatoes, savory gravy.  Swann marched to the oven of the woodstove and extracted a pie, juggled it on oven mitts across the room and dropped it like a paving stone onto a trivet at the center of the table.  Wielded by Swann’s forceful hand, a chef’s knife shattered crust and skylifted a jagged wedge onto a single plate, which she placed before Chris.  
Something didn’t smell quite right. 
“We’ll say grace to mark the occasion.” She stood at the head of the table, looming over them.  “But not out loud”—glaring at Cannon—“in deference to our varied beliefs and non-beliefs.”  She bowed her head, lips moving, brows furrowed for fifteen seconds, concluding with “Blessings on this family, uninformed as it is,” and making a motion with her hand like a wounded bird escaping a cage.  She darted a look at Cannon, apparently pissed off at him for something.
No place settings lay before her chair or Cannon’s.  “You’re not having any?” Chris said. 
“No. I sense a confluence of energies, a fundamental shift—oh, why bother.  You two wouldn’t understand.  Let’s just say it would be imprudent to dull my senses with food at this critical juncture.”
“Oh.”  A vaguely septic smell filled the dome as a corona of bilious liquid oozed onto the plate from the clod of pie. “What about you, Dad?”  
A large glass of greenish sludge, viscous as stagnant pond water, sat before Cannon.  He raised the glass and took a sip, leaving an algae moustache on his upper lip and a grimace on the rest of his face.  “Charlie Darwin, that’s nasty. This is my dinner.”  But then he’d devoured a Footburger earlier in the day. He nodded to the pie. “You knock yourself out.”  His face appeared skeletal in the fading light, skin thin as the outermost layer of an onion.  
Repressed memories of Swann’s culinary adventures began to resurface in the presence of the pie.  Vegetarian loaf made of mushrooms, formed together like brains and tasting of peat bog, quivering when sliced.  A bedrock of whole-wheat pizza dough topped with celery, broccoli, cucumber and a sauce based on Marmite.  Spaghetti squash topped with eggplant, flavored with enough turmeric to re-glaze the plates yellow. 
Swann’s expectant gaze made it hard to think straight.  His fork broke through the hard top slab of crust, made of some dense flour mixed with grains and nuts, with the consistency of soggy particleboard.  The lumpy filling contained chunks of squash, onions, beans, and other vegetables not readily identifiable.  The steaming forkful dripped onto the plate as he blew to cool it.  He closed his eyes, opened wide and thrust the mass into his mouth before courage failed.  
“Careful,” Swann said.  “It’s hot.”
Chris huffed air around the hunk of scalding food, the flavor of unripened compost causing him to wonder if it might be better to embrace cauterization.  “Umm.  Good.”
The corners of Swann’s mouth twitched upward.  Her cell phone rang and she drew it from the inner pocket of her bejeweled buckskin robe like a gunslinger, flipping it open. “Swann here.”  Brows knit.  “Has he been eliminating regularly?”  More brow knitting.  “Is his nose wet?  I see.  You’d better put him on.”
She marched across the dark room to the entrance of her own separate dome, a place off limits to the rest of humanity.  The door opened and Swann disappeared into darkness. 
Chris spat the wad of pie onto his plate and reached for his water glass, swishing the burned walls of his mouth to rinse what he could. 
“Pet psychic,” Cannon said. “Her new business.  Conversing with animals is more lucrative than you might guess, and probably more interesting than talking to most people.  Wish I’d thought of it.”  He crossed the room to the sink and poured the contents of his glass from a height that maximized the effect.  The drain glugged as if gagging.
“I thought she wouldn’t condone the keeping of pets?” Chris breathed through his mouth, cooling the burns and sipping water to rinse the insoluble aftertaste, the sting preferable to the flavor. 
Cannon shrugged.
The No Pets policy stood inviolate while they grew up.  Enslaved animals constituted a distraction from worthwhile pursuits, a waste of resources, an excuse to avoid human interaction, and, by implication, a nuisance.  Zoos were concentration camps.  
The policy carried over into Chris’s adult life.  Eve practiced law like a contact sport, determined to make partner in her downtown firm while Chris labored in the mines of hi tech, involved in massive efforts with more at stake than the GDPs of many small countries.  They had an unspoken social contract, agreeing that children constituted a distraction, a waste of resources, an excuse to avoid adult interaction, and, by implication, a nuisance.  Pets were a no brainer.
Chris came home one day almost six years ago to find that Eve had acquired a purebred Pomeranian and christened her Gemini.  The dog introduced herself in full yap mode, a robotic dust mop set to crazy.  “Shush, Gemmy,” constituted the extent of Eve’s attempts at discipline, barely looking up from her brief, motion, or whatever legal potion brewed inside her laptop.  Before long, Chris knew better than to enter a room where the dog lay in wait next to Eve.  This went on for most of a year, until Cannon’s special Squatch Hill Thanksgiving and family reunion.
They drove up into the mountains on a crisp Thursday morning, Gemini riding in Eve’s lap in the back seat to prevent the dog from nipping Chris’s elbow at every left turn.  Eve had rejected the suggestion to board Gemini.  “I need her to keep me company.”
Cannon greeted them in front of the dome, cocking his head at the dog dancing like a loud windup toy.  “Cute little bugger.  Too bad you can’t bring it inside.  Swann’s allergies will go into overdrive and we’d have to steam-clean the whole place.  It happened once with an old friend of mine who brought his dog in for five minutes—you remember Hodges and his black lab Cray?  Swann sneezed for a month.”    
Chris remembered Hodges and Cray, but had no recollection of steam cleaning or allergies.  “Where is Swann?”
“Sedona, I think,” Cannon said.  “Some New Age conference thing—healing with crystals or mind reading with plutonium, I don’t know.  She sends her regrets.  Don’t worry, dinner is all wired.”  His smile promised the sort of picture postcard holiday they had never actually had before.  Chris had hoped this might be a pleasant family gathering.  It had begun to dawn on him that he wanted more out of life than a job, money, a big house and a yappy dog.
“Tell you what,” Cannon said.  “We’ll make a little nest in the barn.  She’ll be fine.  I guarantee it.”
Cannon brought a stack of blankets and they fastened Gemini’s leash to a rusty metal ring in the old thick plank wall, the barn dilapidated, but dry.
“We’re leaving right after dinner,” Eve said on the walk back to the house, the dog’s whines and barks echoing in the barn. “My poor baby.” 
During the hours spent waiting for the turkey, Cannon regaled them with tales of abominable behavior from people who became billionaires and industry icons.  Trent and Trillium arrived with Sky, appearing in every way a charming young family, the residual weirdness of their relationship wearing off after a few glasses of wine.  Trent competed with Cannon as raconteur, recounting which movie stars liked what drugs, brought call girls onto the lot or mentored little boys.  He had returned home a little over three years before, after being gone for almost a decade.  When Chris asked about that period, Trent changed the subject.  
Cannon had prepared an enormous turkey with bacon and hazelnut stuffing, ham, roasted potatoes, green beans with wild mushrooms, cheeses, Tuscan olives, pumpkin pie and an abundance of extremely good alcohol.  The aroma of food circulated through the dome.  “Of course I can cook,” Cannon said.  “But I don’t unless I have to.  It gets in the way of getting real things done.”  Eve endorsed this attitude wholeheartedly.  
Sky toddled around the dome, playing peek-a-boo with his new favorite uncle, requesting yet another reading of his book, which Chris obliged.  Eventually the boy crawled into Chris’s lap and fell asleep.  
Nobody fought.  Whether accidently or on purpose, they resembled a normal family.  
Chris lost track of the number of times Eve went to check on Gemini, whose strident barking erupted with decreasing frequency in the winter darkness.  She let vigilance slip as Cannon uncorked vintage Bordeaux that tasted of cherries, smoke and magic.  
Chris remembered sitting on the couch, his legs gone to sleep under the weight of his nephew, marveling at the lighting in the dome. Cannon recounted the details of the fiber optics used to route light from a single source through many small fixtures, a system destined to revolutionize interior illumination when the costs of the electronics came down with large scale manufacturing.  The points of light twinkled like stars seen from the inside of a Christmas ornament, bathing the evening in incandescent wellbeing.  Time snuck by.
Chris did not look forward to attempting the drive back to Seattle after dinner, having consumed far too much wine and food to negotiate the twisting road through pitch darkness.  Cannon insisted they stay the night.  
“Is Gemini going to be all right?” Eve asked as they cuddled for warmth in Chris’s old bottom bunk, half-frozen and too far gone to start the woodstove.
“Yes,” Chris answered.  “I guarantee it.”  They almost had sex, but contentment, tryptophan and excellent cognac subverted that rare opportunity.  
Chris awoke in the middle of the night with Eve missing from the bed, a rush of wind blowing through the open door to the outside and a voice screaming in the distance.  Eve’s voice.
He pulled on his pants and coat, jammed bare feet into freezing shoes and ran into total darkness toward a light at the barn.  It took a moment to identify the crunch underfoot as a dusting of new snow.  
Inside the barn, Cannon held a lantern over the cement slab and the bed of old blankets made for Gemini.  The leash and collar rested neatly on top of the blankets, tufts of long auburn fur tipped with blood flecks on the snow.
Cannon traced cougar tracks outside.  “Amazing.  There haven’t been any of those around here for decades.”
Chris and Eve drove toward Seattle in silence, through the darkest night he had ever known.  Part of him celebrated the demise of Gemini and part mourned.  As much as he hated the dog, it brought out Eve’s ephemeral maternal side. He still felt the weight of little Sky wedged against him on the couch, a blanket tucked around them both.  Perhaps this trauma might serve as the transition to something else, a different future.    
Out of the darkness came a sign instructing him to slow to 35 MPH before the first of the small towns.  “Maybe,” he said, “we should have a baby.”
The quiet bitterness of Eve’s laugh startled him. “Are you joking?  That old bastard knew perfectly well that a cougar was prowling around.  I’m never going back there.  And you know children are out of the question.”
The drive home unraveled forever.  
Shortly afterward, Eve bought Gemini the Second, who barked at Chris even more than the first.  Eve spent an increasing percentage of time at the office, on business trips and at seminars.  In retrospect, Chris realized she probably began her series of affairs with other lawyers around this time, as part of her successful campaign for partnership.  Chris cashed in his stock at the monster software company and founded his own enterprise.  Something to call his own in the world.  JavaClue. 
Five years passed; a period of slow building and fast falling apart.  Now he sat at the trestle table at Squatch Hill before a different meal.  The slice of squash pie had begun to cool, but he would not be taking another bite.  The room fell into darkness.  “Can we turn the lights on?” 
“Nope, ‘fraid not,” Cannon said.  “Last winter played havoc with the solar cells and I haven’t replaced them because the wind turbine makes them obsolete.  When it’s working.  Which we’ll take care of tomorrow.  Someday everyone is going to have five of those in their back yard and the power companies will go out of business, courtesy of your crazy old father.”
Chris had heard different versions of this before.  He wanted to believe, but knew the pattern too well. “Who invented it first?”
“Some guy in the Netherlands did a lot of the physics, but I’ve made so many material improvements you wouldn’t recognize his work as a good sketch.  I’ll get the patent easy and we’ll be in great shape if it stays functional through the winter.”
A thousand questions arose, but he knew he wouldn’t get a straight answer to any of them.  “And if not?”
“Well.”  Cannon shrugged.  “That’s life.”
That’s life.  No sense fighting the inevitable.  Chris smashed the slice of pie to make it appear he had eaten more, then gave up and shoved it into the compost bin.  He opened the cabinets in the kitchen, one by one.  No food.  Hunger gnawed at his insides.  As Cannon expounded on the benefits of wind power and the pros and cons of different designs, Chris wondered if Swann intended the pie as an element of his penance.  Sustaining her ample girth would require a secret stash of nourishment, no doubt housed in her dome—which might as well be North Korea.
He retired early and lay in the old bottom bunk bed in the satellite dome that had once housed Trent and himself on weekends, holidays and summers.  The gastric whale song in his gut returned, complaining about the influx of squash pie as well as the lack of something more substantial.  He fantasized about the food porn of a Footburger: the charred, greasy meat, sloppy sauce dripping from the wrapper, the sharp spank of pickle.  Perhaps he could convince someone at the Foot to open the kitchen.   Realistically, any one of the Doyles might shoot him as a prowler, whether they recognized him or not.  
Maybe Willa would pause before pulling the trigger.  Not that it mattered.  He hungered for more than food, but despaired of ever finding it.
Hamburger fantasies segued into speculation about Willa, revisiting memories of their teenage summer of exploratory sex in the forest.  His dreams featured the two of them almost making love on a giant hamburger bun, thwarted by a cougar with the face of a baby, barking incessantly in the voice of a little dog.



Chapter 8—Seeking Level
Chris eased into semi-consciousness, face pressed into the moldy mattress. He’d dreamt that spores of the same black slime encrusting the aluminum window frames in the dome blossomed inside the crenellations of his brain, dissolving tunnels through which Chipmunks darted, ransacking his cerebral cortex for stray bits of food.  
Food.
He snapped awake, feeling like he’d passed the night being interrogated in a third world prison.  Empty stomach, aching.  In dire need of coffee.  Urination the highest priority.
He rose and blew his nose with a scrap of tissue scavenged from his jacket pocket and examined the discharge for black slime, relieved to find none.  He’d been informed the septic system was broken and he should use the outhouse.  Fine with Chris, since he preferred to avoid the main house and anyone who might be awake for now.  He exited the dome through its side door into cool morning air.
He considered peeing in the bushes, the way he and Trent often did—and as he had the night before, but the sun shone through low clouds, enough to show off new spring growth and cast public urination in a different light.  He opted for the outhouse, race-walking toward where the notch dropped off into the valley.  He found himself on the wrong side of a long clump of brush hiding an enormous machine made of tree trunks.  
The trebuchet.  Long dormant monster toy of his youth.
The treb felt like a delusion when it crossed his mind in recent years.  He assumed memory had magnified its size at least twofold, but here it lay like a relic from the middle ages, on a scale that made his breath catch.  
In its day, the machine hurled boulders the size of a man’s head over a hundred yards.  Through the brush, he saw the straight tree trunk—the central lever—resting parallel to the ground, a frame of peeled timbers supporting the throwing arm. The weight box hung from one end of the lever, a large wooden crate open at the top, like the basket of a hot air balloon, ready to fill with ballast.  Cocking the device raised the weight box off the ground.  Releasing a pin allowed the weight to drop, rotating the lever, flinging a payload tucked into the pouch of a sling tethered to the opposite end. Rehearsing the strangely beautiful compound motion gave Chris a warm feeling, reminding him he had to pee.  
After their parents’ divorce, Cannon picked them up in the city on Friday afternoons to ferry them out to Squatch Hill.  While passing a harvest festival at a farm, they happened to see a trebuchet lofting pumpkins toward hay bale battlements.  Chris knew from the moment they stopped that Cannon intended to build a bigger and better machine.    
Cannon declared a break from banging together panels for the domes and the three worked as if they were behind schedule for a Crusade. The first launches threw river rocks down into the ravine, scattering razor sharp shards of granite in all directions, each launch inspiring cheers.  The treb represented the apex of their collective abilities, even though it could serve no utilitarian purpose unless a barbarian army chose to besiege the hill.  
That fall, they splattered the guts of numerous pumpkins, something that never got old.  But Cannon had heard about a man in Britain whose trebuchet hurled grand pianos over a hundred yards, and the one they’d built no longer sufficed.  After the pumpkins, the trebuchet remained parked, timbers blackening in the rain.  They never got around to building the two-point-oh version, resuming the seemingly endless construction of Squatch Hill until their lives diverged.  It all happened so fast.  Now the treb lay submerged in brush, probably useless and rotten. 
It dawned on Chris that someone watching might assume him to be mentally handicapped, hopping from foot to foot and crossing his legs.  He ran for the boxy outhouse located on the lower edge of the clearing, scrambled through the door and unzipped with frantic fingers.  A stream of urine burned into the deep pit of the latrine, pungent warmth rising in the morning chill, eyes crossed in relief.  
His gaze rose to the leaded glass window offering a view back at the hill, the domes and other structures.  He always thought that his father made a mistake building the outhouse, turning the occupant’s back to the spectacular mountains, but he recognized that Cannon preferred a view of his own making to that of nature’s.  
Chris felt the rush of optimism he’d had as a teenager, groggy from too much physical labor and messing around.  His life lay before him once again, the big mistakes avoidable, the past a practice run, a prototype.  Pee drilled the depths of the hole, echoing, and it was good.  He would start over.  Do it right this time.    
The flow of urine slackened to a dribble as he focused on the metal tower standing in contrast to the background of trees and rock, the jet engine-like blades of the windmill frozen in midair, perhaps thirty feet above the ground, atop the summit of a sketchy cross-beamed structure held in place by guy wires.  Little below the summit of the tower could require repair.  An involuntary shiver passed through his nervous system.  
Chris did not panic.  No way was he climbing up there.  No way in hell.
* * *
“Come on!  Put some goddamned muscle into it!” Cannon yelled from the surface of the remote planet below.  He appeared foreshortened and slightly ridiculous, his blue-slinged chicken wing arm flapping at his side, the opposite hand cupped into half a megaphone around the small dark hole of his mouth opening and closing in conjunction with sounds that made no sense.  He held the end of a safety line, but Chris’s falling body would pull Cannon’s slight frame up the tower like a rag doll.  
Chris clung with a death grip to the topmost girder of the windmill, far too near the low underbelly of clouds.  A climbing harness of nylon webbing cut into his buttocks and groin, feet tingling from restricted circulation and abject terror.  
Something had compelled him to climb to the level of the box-like unit below the cowling where a coupling had disengaged and not looking down ceased to be an option.  
It occurred to him that the same motivation that propelled him up might get him down.  If only fear hadn’t obliterated short term memory.
The enormous, absurdly heavy wrench did not quite reach the nuts on the coupling however much he willed it forward, his arm six inches too short unless he found the power to lean over the void on one leg.  Fear welded his left hand and both feet to the insubstantial ladder.  His knees shook in resonance with the frequency jamming his neurons, the tower swaying in the gentle breeze.  Wind never stopped at Squatch Hill, and up here it blew at a velocity double that at ground level.  Great place for a windmill.  
“Just tighten the goddamned nuts,” Cannon yelled.  “Then pull the lever and it will start right up.”
“I’m TRYING.” The shrill voice sounded girlish and scared, unrecognizable as his own.  All strength had diverted from wrench-wielding to ladder-clutching.   But he couldn’t stay here forever.
He knew his current situation had something to do with Cannon’s ability to hornswoggle, cajole, shame, manipulate and browbeat.  Chris replayed the conversation in his head.
“You have to face your fears in life.  Everyone’s afraid of heights; you’d be a fool not to respect gravity.” 
Cannon’s opening gambit produced no impetus toward the vertical.  Trent had never shown the slightest fear of heights—or much of anything else. 
“What are you, a girl?” 
Not even a puff of thrust.  
“Guess I’ll have to wait until Trent gets home.”  
That convinced him to try on the harness. 
“Focus on the nut,” Cannon yelled from below, interrupting the mental replay of conversations past. “Remember: no fix, no food.”
Memory and motivation clicked. Cannon had promised him a Footburger with extra Toe Jam sauce, a blackberry shake and onion rings. His breakfast slice of leftover squash pie had taken on a chemical hue without the flattering disguise of twilight, Swann adamant that food would not be wasted.  He’d managed to choke down part of the crust with the aid of too much coffee, which contributed to the current trembling of his limbs.   
Some strength returned to his arms and legs, a safety net of starvation beneath a trapeze of terror.  Tunnel vision widened to include the windmill mechanism.  He leaned forward to engage the wrench.  Sighting beyond the separated coupling, a series of holes perforated the skin of one of the hook-shaped fan blades.  Holes drilled by some metal-seeking woodpecker. Or.  “Hey.  Are these bullet holes?”
An impact to the turbine blades caused a puff of dust to rise from the blade.  Metal twanged, followed by the report of a rifle.  His brain added up the evidence.  Panic slammed into his already rigid brain like a shock wave.  
“HEY.  IS SOMEBODY SHOOTING AT ME?”  
“Shit,” Cannon yelled. “Get down here.  Fast.”  
* * *
Chris lay in the shade of the barn, his body poured onto the cracked cement slab floor like water seeking level, limbs trembling with unabsorbed adrenaline.  He noticed the rusty ring on the plank wall and realized that his body occupied approximately space as Gemini’s when the cougar came to call.
“Here, drink this.”  Cannon handed him a chilled, dripping wet beer bottle with no label.  
Chris brought his head forward and half drank, half inhaled, causing him to cough beer out of his lungs.  He wondered where the beer came from, Swann having declared Cannon an alcoholic some years before, a label he neither confirmed nor denied but certainly disregarded whenever possible.  Cannon he’d another bottle in his own good hand.
The beer’s significant alcohol content went directly to Chris’s head, and he felt grateful.  “What the hell was that?” 
“Sniper guy?  Same asshole that wrecked the solar panels.  Evidently one hell of a shot.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” 
“Good question.”  Cannon took a slug of beer and contemplated the doorway.  “Well.  Because I didn’t think for a minute he’d take a shot at you.  Plus we need the electricity, and that wasn’t going to happen as long as I have this.”  He flapped the arm in the blue sling.  “We can deal with a lot of deprivations up here, but lack of electrical current is not one of them.”  Cannon drained half his beer.
“You’ve been retired for twenty years,”  Chris said.  “Who hates you enough to—” He stopped. Ridiculous question.  
“Who wouldn’t have done it long ago?”  Cannon chuckled.  “Beats me.  But if they wanted me dead, I’d be dangling from that tower like a piñata after the birthday party.  Who hates me?  Hell, a man doesn’t found seven startups without making an army of enemies.”  He took a sip of beer and swished it in his mouth as if basking in the quality of collective hatred.  “They’re trying to scare us.”
“And doing a fucking fine job.”  Chris knew that his father had a reputation for “borrowing” other people’s technology—standing on the shoulders of pygmies, he called it.  A habit that placed him at the center of several epic lawsuits.  
“The true measure of a man is the power his enemies wield against him,” Cannon said.
“Who said that?” 
“I did.  You should write it down.”
He was infuriatingly calm.  “Dad, please cut the crap. Who’s trying to scare you?”
“More accurately ‘us’ at this juncture.  I don’t know.  Somebody who likes the scenery, because they hang around here a lot.  Somebody who knows the woods, because you can’t spot them with binoculars or track them.  Trent tried, and if he couldn’t, nobody can.”  Cannon took a sip of beer and looked at the bottle.  “That’s damned good beer, if I do say so myself.  Old Hodges taught me how to make this.  The man’s a genius in multiple disciplines that matter.”
“What does the sheriff say?”
“I don’t share my beer with the sheriff.”
“Dad.”
“They’re useless.  Swann called them out here three or four times, but you know how they feel about us—trouble-making hippies, bad for the valley, still newcomers after thirty years.  They still carry a grudge over those Bigfoot tracks.  Sheriff Green and that tall deputy, Dalton, poked around.  It could be one of them for all I know, or both of them.”
A series of Sasquatch trackways were discovered in the vicinity preceded the opening of the Bigfoot Cave and Museum Tour, decades ago.  The experts declared the prints fake and blamed them on Cannon, but not before plenty of publicity.  Trent’s activities as a teenager couldn’t have endeared the Blys to local law enforcement either.
An unexpected anger welled up in Chris: at the sniper; at Cannon for creating this mess, at himself for expecting a simple sanctuary at Squatch Hill.  Rage helped alleviate the trembling in his joints.  It occurred to him that if they talked long enough, he might become so pissed off that he would be able to rise and walk to the van and drive away.  “We need to collect Trillium and SkyFish and Swann and get the hell out of here,” Chris said.  “Right now.”
“Nope.”  Cannon belched, the sharp report making Chris flinch with the memory of the gun shot.  “Can’t do that.”  A cloud of hoppy fragrance descended on him like morning fog.
Chris realized that his father was right.  For a few moments, neither spoke, the silence pressing Chris into the floor.  Now might be the time to confess the events that sent him packing with his tail between his legs.  But it wasn’t easy to give up the life plan conceived when he was sixteen, taped together at its creases and carried in his back pocket all this time.  So he said nothing, his failure still too precious to release into the wild.
 “You know, building stuff is like taking candy from the devil.” Cannon’s voice changed to a lower register—a tone reserved for serious speeches.  “Sure it’s fun to say that you put it together with your own two hands, but then you have to maintain the sucker.  Fix stuff when it breaks, rebuild it when it falls apart, apply Band-Aids to scraped knees.  Nobody ever tells you how hard that is.  It’s the same for businesses, friendships, marriages, kids—the whole collection of claptrap.  The effort you put into building, the creative part—the fun part—is nothing compared to the maintenance.  Especially if you love what you make.  Starting things up is a lot of fun.  It’s keeping things going that sucks the blood out of you.”
 Shades of meaning passed behind the reluctant delivery.  “Are you trying to tell me something?”   
“Well, yeah.  We’ve got our share a few maintenance issues.  Swann needs to get her business going so she’ll have an income.  Bigfoot Falls is dying on the vine and Harmon and Betty are too simple to do anything proactive about it.  This place is falling apart.  And your brother—”  Cannon shook his head—“Your brother is some sort of criminal.  He’s going to get himself caught someday soon, which will break your sister’s heart, let alone Sky’s, or whatever the poor kid’s name is today.  That kid has it harder than any of you did. Unfortunately, I’m going to have to skate on most of this.”
“You left out the sniper. And what do you mean you’re going to have to skate?”
“Well, for starters, I’m out of money. That big retirement wad is blown—a significant issue for my dependents and heirs who haven’t made their own pile, like you have.”  He saluted Chris with an inclination of the beer bottle.  “Turns out I’m dying.  That lung cancer I beat ten years ago is back with a vengeance, metastasized all over the place.  We all knew the odds.  I’m not going to contest the judgment.  So I’m off the hook on maintenance.  Out of warranty, end of lifecycle.”
Chris felt as if he had fallen from the top of the windmill directly onto the cement floor, the air knocked out of his lungs and the blood draining from his body.  Opening his mouth would spew forth emotional chaos, and he knew his father would tolerate no such thing.  Acceptable Bly family reactions did not include fear, emotion or uncertainty. His personal failures were rendered trivial and irrelevant.  
“Look, I know it’s a big shock,” Cannon said.  “I know there are lots of ‘feelings’ to process and talk about, and all that crap, but we don’t have time for the girly stuff.  I’m hoping you can take some vacation and move in for a while to help sort things out.  Serve as Program Manager.  After all, you’re going to be the new head of the family.  Such as it is.”  Cannon tipped the small “o” of the bottle top toward Chris.  “Can you do that for me?”
Shock, alcohol, trauma and hunger swirled inside him as he lay on the cool cement slab, making him grateful he hadn’t been standing up.  He experienced a receptive clarity in which he might have fixed the windmill without a fuss.  Maybe.  He felt new purpose in life.  “Sure,” he said. “I can do that.  What’s the plan?”
“Beats me.”  Cannon drained his beer.  “I just know I’m through with this stupid sling.”  He slid the blue loop of material from around his neck, and gingerly raised his arm to the side.  It refused to elevate above the shoulder, pain written all over his face at about the same time Chris realized his own cheeks were wet with tears.



Chapter 9—An Evening at the Mall
Trent’s watch said 3:00 AM.  He stood on the edge of a service catwalk inside the suspended ceiling of a southern California mall, watching a seven-inch video monitor to make sure the security guard kept to his schedule.   
The mall cop began his stroll down the nave of this lesser consumerist cathedral, pausing to rattle pull-down metal gates at random shop entrances.  Twin white wires connected earbuds to an MP3 player in the breast pocket of his uniform’s dark shirt.  Every two or three gates, the guard threw down a twirl, a couple of dips, a syncopated counterpoint slide and some arabesque arms, jangling the equipment on the utility belt cinched below his substantial potbelly.  He broke into a high-pitched warble owing nothing to the cajunto or mariachi expected from a brownskinned SoCal menial with a pencil-thin beard and moustache traced from sideburn to sideburn.  Trent realized the man hailed from the Indian subcontinent, the dance moves straight out of Bollywood.  These days they swarmed like ants, everywhere.   
The guard tested the gates on the Payless shoe store and Trent wished he had time to whack this gomar upside the head, tell him how ridiculous he’d look cavorting down the corridor on the security tapes during the investigation of a major robbery of his mall.  A robbery Trent was about to perpetrate.  The guard twirled, shook his booty in the direction of Borders Books, clapping hands like a Mouseketeer.  
Trent inhaled stale ceiling air and smiled.  He felt alive, a prickly tingle reminding him of an earlier premonition that ambush lay in wait.  Someday he would graduate to high-end robberies, like those in the densely plotted caper movies he helped film involving Casino vaults, jewels from mansions, cash from the Federal Reserve Bank, Nazi gold.  He possessed instincts, ambition, physical and mental aptitude.  Superior problem-solving genes activated by a bias toward action.  This mundane mall stuff constituted dues, a honing process.  Plus revenge.
He was so made for this shit.  Show time.
He silently threaded his way through the girders of the suspended ceiling housing conduits, ducts and security cameras aimed at the shoppers who occupied the space below during business hours, herds browsing the aisles in search of cheap goods they did not need.  He navigated tight angles like a squirrel crossing a busy street on a power line woven through tree branches.  The heat of the previous day had collected in the ceiling, raising a relaxed sweat, warming muscles, keeping him loose.  Ready for business.  
His excellent night vision revealed another figure dressed in black hunched over a small video screen positioned over the jewelry store. “Hey,” Trent whispered, braced the figure’s shoulders as he spoke to prevent him from startling, but Randy, the most versatile of fuckups, strummed an aluminum strut with his knee, a giant power chord reverberating through the ceiling.
“Ohmygod, I’m sorry man.  You think he heard?”
“Quiet.”  Trent remembered the guard’s earbuds, but still.  He tried to remember at what point Randy become his personal charity case. The big lump’s bulk made the ceiling joists groan, his high forehead buttressed by Cro-Magnon brow ridges, sweat dripping off the end of his nose.  His services as an equipment mule were worthless if he got them caught.  Trent yearned to work alone, but felt responsible for the big piece of meat.  He had a soft spot for people labeled as dumb because he’d served that role in his own family.
He muscled Randy aside, confident that distance and the guard’s music had cancelled out the noise. He peered into the screen. “See anything? Anything at all?”
“Nothing.  I swept the room, like you said.  Looked into the corners and everything with irregular patterns.  But this snake cable is hard to twist. There’s a rinky-dink safe and alarm stuff, easy as the first place we ever hit.  Mowgli must figure this store is too far out of the way to worry about, so he forgot to upgrade the security.”
“Bullshit,” Trent said.  “I know that asshole.  He never forgets.”
* * *
Trent knew Mowgli.  They’d been closer than brothers.  
They’d been assigned as dorm roommates at the University.  He introduced himself as Ajay Whadera, “Jay in American parlance,” a slender, mocha-skinned boy with a brush of black hair and one continuous eyebrow.  Oversized waif’s eyes lent him the innocence of a street urchin on the make, dressed in a light colored suit with spiky lapels, like David Bowie.  A skinny nerd with awkward elegance, smart enough to use words like “parlance,” but unaware it made him sound like a dweeb.  
Trent knew he’d barely gotten into college and he’d never be book smart like Chris, the price he paid for being born into a freakishly smart family.  He’d decided long ago to make up the difference with street smarts, ruthlessness and persistence.  “What’s this ‘Jay’ bullshit,” Trent said that first day they met.  “You’re straight out of The Jungle Book, Mowgli.” Dominance was a dish best served swiftly, sans mercy.  “Nothing personal.”  
“Whatever you prefer.” Mowgli nee Ajay shrugged offense aside, a master of affability and diffidence.  “Perhaps you would care for some refreshment?”  Out came the foil cube containing hash. 
“Can you get more of this shit?” Trent asked after they’d smoked.  
“All you require.” 
The roommates became business partners, selling hash from Kashmir and pot from Oregon, developing an ever-expanding supply chain.  Mowgli introduced Trent to cultural niceties.  His share of the profits disappeared up his nose in the form of coke, or down his throat as expensive dinners, good wine and single malt scotch, or expelled from his lungs in the form of smoke from Cuban cigars.  They shared an apartment.  Trent never cooked a meal.  Mowgli ate dal, rice and yogurt and studied business administration, possessed of a photographic memory, completing his homework or acing tests no matter how many hits of the bong or lines of coke or shots of tequila. Trent avoided classes because they interfered with his education. He always thought maybe he should tell Mowgli to pluck his eyebrow, but never got around to it.  
He also never told Mowgli exactly where he was from, introduced him to his family or mentioned Squatch Hill, deciding to apply the principles of risk management as a precaution.  Randy Doyle made periodic pilgrimages into town to party, but Trent kept him chaperoned and segregated.       
Trent and Mowgli did not discuss a greater future until their junior year.
“Sadly, I am constrained to enter the family business,” Mowgli said.  “Jewelry import-export.  Very boring.  If you care to join me, perhaps we could make it interesting?”
“Sure.” Trent had nothing better to do.  Distribution of drugs had always been a stepping-stone.  Mowgli had amassed enough credits to graduate with honors.  Trent, on academic probation, felt he’d learned enough.  
They worked like slaves, night and day, to set up the first Mowgli’s Emerald Palace store in a strip mall in Lynnwood, a city of strip malls north of Seattle.  The candy-colored stones on offer were cheaper than some costume jewelry, the flaws, inclusions and faults obvious to the naked eye.  The clientele consisted of teenagers who couldn’t afford diamonds, husbands looking for an inexpensive token of regret, and people too dumb or cheap to care about what they bought—a huge potential market.  Trent ran the operations, everything from security to construction to janitorial work.  Mowgli did the travelling, sourcing topaz from Sri Lanka, emeralds from Columbia, rubies from Myanmar and the rest anywhere he could sniff out a deal.  Family connections kept him safe even in the most war torn countries.  Or so Mowgli said.
Trent grew bored after several years managing three Mowgli’s Emerald Palaces.  Not yet an empire, but on its way.  He wanted to see the world, do deals in exotic locales, anything to escape retail hell.  Most of all, he wanted a cut of the considerable profit in compensation for working nights and weekends without a break.  He craved the holy grail of entrepreneurship: equity.  
“You’ve worked like a Trojan, my friend,” Mowgli said.  “If it were up to me, you’d be a full partner, but the capital comes from my archaic family and they have no concept of sweat equity.  Labor is cheap where they come from and I am a mere employee myself.  I continually inform them that you are my brother, their second son, stressing that you are an orphan, but adopting a full-grown offspring takes some adjustment.  Give me a few more years.”  
“Thanks.” Trent always had the suspicion he was being manipulated.
“It may help to call me Ajay when my parents come to visit, or at least Jay. It’s not that I don’t enjoy the snarky Kipling allusion, but my family has no appreciation for postmodern racist irony.”
“As long as I don’t have to start calling you sahib.”  Trent went on settling employee squabbles, improving security and negotiating with strip mall leasing offices. On more than one occasion, he contemplated how easy it would be to rob the stores, but that would amount to stealing from himself.  
Mowgli’s parents, a couple of wizened stick figures, arrived.  Missus Whadera stood less than five feet tall, red powder troweled into the part of her dyed hair and smudged onto her forehead, swaddled in bulky sweaters over a sari with heavy gold thread.  Mr. Whadera spoke in a thick accent, a big gold Rolex hanging loose on his wrist, dressed in a suit cut from some pattern left behind by the last Viceroy.  Trent interrupted dinner at an excellent French restaurant to make a pitch on the wisdom of making him a partner in the family business.  
“Why Mr. Bly,” Mr. Whadera said. “I don’t know what you are on about.  I am no jewelrywalla. I am working thirty-eight years in the steel business.”  
Mowgli shrugged and smiled. “Nothing personal.”  
Trent finished his dinner politely.  It wouldn’t do to show how deeply the betrayal hurt.  He had to respect the man’s skills.  
Trent selected the best inventory from the largest Emerald Palace location that very evening and hit the road, hitching across the USA, Europe and Australia.  He performed his old high school juggling and acrobatic act on the streets for cash, worked as a ski bum in Utah and a surfing instructor in Hawaii after mastering the necessary skills. He trusted no one.  The entre to stunt work came while he travelled with a small circus, achieving enough success to allow him to return home.
At Squatch Hill, he discovered Trillium—all grown up, smoking hot and still not a blood relative.  She had become a guileless forest nymph afraid to leave the woods, doting on tales of the outside world but never wanting to live there and carrying a massive crush on him.  Trent began to expand the tree house, his property since his brother abandoned it when they were teenagers.  He fell in love with Sky when he was born.  Trillium, the tree house and especially his son became the center of his universe.    
It all seemed to have happened in time lapse.  He found himself responsible, respectable, grounded.  Successful in defiance of everyone’s expectations.  Not intimidated by his brother’s money and brains.  Still, he yearned for something more.  
The itch came on strong when he left home to work in any of the nine western states and two Canadian provinces where another Emerald Forest store always seemed to have a grand opening in a nearby mall.  On those trips Trent scanned the late night re-runs for the ads with Mowgli hawking garish jewels in a fake British accent, safari suit and turban, fooling nobody with his polished delivery and flawed stones—except perhaps the public.  He’d refined the sheepish grin to mediagenic perfection, appealing as a lost puppy, his unibrow plucked and the nails on his hands manicured for close-ups of gaudy stones.  
Trent executed the first robbery without preparation, defeating the alarm with a drill and a few jumpers, producing an exhilaration even the most complicated stunts failed to deliver.  He continued robbing one or two of Mowgli’s stores a year, laying low for long stretches, on guard against predictable patterns. He fenced the better stones at a fraction of their value, but he could never dispose of the full inventory, so he hid the excess in a place nobody would ever look.  The extra income enabled him to afford some of the finer things he’d become accustomed to in college.  
The robberies became a contest: Mowgli’s brand of intellectual cunning against his own real world variety.  Mano-y-mano.  Ping pong.  Mowgli upped the ante with improved alarm systems, layered defenses, laser sensors and better safes.  Trent specialized in caper movies featuring ever-more elaborate heists.  He learned alarm systems and safe cracking from the best in the business, employed as movie consultants after graduating from prison.  The arms race between directors provided a source of equipment borrowed from property rooms.  Equipment carried by his own personal charity case, Randy Doyle.
 * * *
This particular store constituted a new puzzle.  No armored ceiling, no laser sensors no layered defense.  Only plywood and primitive motion detectors, the safe either a joke or an insult.  Mowgli had either given up the game, or changed it entirely. And Mowgli never gave up.  Neither did Trent.  
 “There’s nothing down there,” Randy said.  “This is going to be a piece of cake.  Speaking of which, I’m hungry.”
“Shove over.”  Trent knew he’d need to do every important job himself.  He scanned the monitor, twisting the fiber optic cable that led to the minicam—originally an endoscope used to perform colonoscopies.  The screen became an avalanche of display cases, fluorescent safety lights, blowup jungle photomurals and cheesy hand-carved teak furniture.  He experienced a stinging flashback of sales staff in safari suits and pith helmets, the feel of a khaki pisspot on his own head.  Mowgli’s idea.  Good one.  
The lingering odor of an extinguished bidi clove cigarette triggered a different sense memory.  Trent wrenched the fragile camera stem, catching the blur of a dark-skinned arm, a shadow passing across the floor.  The faint staccato vibration of a commando roll over carpet communicated up through the wall, confirming that somebody waited down there, avoiding the sweep of the camera, anticipating their descent into the store to catch them red handed.  The guy might even be armed.  Trent gave the camera’s spinal cord another sharp twist.  The monitor turned to fuzz.
“You told me not to do that,” Randy said.  “You broke it, I didn’t.”
“Get out of here. Fast.”  
“What?  Why?”
“Don’t argue, just move.”  Trent scooped gear into nylon cargo bags.
“Who’s there? Mowgli?”
“Shut up and go.”
Trent reached the top of the ladder in the utility room well ahead of Randy, whose gear bags banged into ceiling girders, obliterating all other sound.  Mowgli’s sentry would trap them in the ceiling at this rate. Trent evaluated the options.  He could ditch Randy and go underground, start over.  Skip out on Trill and the kid.  Cut off his tail.  But much as he liked to think of himself as a tough guy, that wasn’t him.  He could even leave Randy—the big idiot would talk, and besides—.  No choice besides stay and tough it out.  What a surprise.
He lowered his equipment bag to the floor by its attached rope and jumped, breaking the fall with a roll, diving into a forward position in the side corridor past the doorway to the utility room.  The hallway remained dark as a bear cave toward the mall, sugary white light bleeding from behind where glass entry doors led to the parking lot. 
Trent flattened himself on the ground facing the darkness, senses lit up like air traffic control radar.  Shades of blackness shifted, indistinct vibrations hummed, air shifted. The odor of bidi leaked down the corridor. 
A gear bag dropped from ceiling to floor, impact reverberating through the utility room.  Another terrific racket as Randy stumbled down the ladder, groping out of the doorway, breathing audible a quarter mile away.  “Trent?  Trent, where the hell are you?”
He closed the distance between himself and Randy.  “Shut up.”
“Christ!  You scared the shit out of me, man.”
The enemy in the corridor had to have a fix on both their positions.  “Grab the bags, run for the van, don’t stop.” Trent shoved Randy toward the door.  “I’ll block.  Fucking go.”  
Randy took off with a duffle in each hand.  Five yards short of the door, he bucked forward, making a noise like a hardware store shelf falling off a three-story building.  Trent turned toward the darkness in time to see a spout of flame—a muzzle flash—accompanied by a familiar sound that Foley artists usually dubbed in long after the action was in the can.  For an instant, Trent thought Randy might be hit, but the bullet shattered the safety glass of the door.  A miss.  Randy, always stupid lucky, must have tripped over his own feet.
 That noise was a silencer. The game had advanced to a new level.
A door at the mall end of the corridor opened into blinding light.  Something big stampeded toward them, equipment belt jangling, shoes pounding linoleum, accompanied by the smell of sandalwood.  “Stop or I am shooting,” the guard bellowed.  Fluorescents flickered to life overhead, strobing images of the mall cop as he fumbled the safety strap on his holster.  A shadow withdrew into the doorway of the utility room.  
Randy hit the aluminum and glass doors to the parking lot, both wings flying open and smashing against the outside wall.  A handle hooked a duffle bag, ripping it from Randy’s grasp, skidding across the blacktop.  Randy kept running.
Trent bolted, counting on the guard to block his silhouette, feet crunching broken glass.  The night air smelled of dusty palm trees and stale car exhaust.  A supersonic bee zipped past his ear, followed by the faint suzz of the silencer.  Trent scooped up the gear bag by its handle, still on the run.  He cut behind the outside wall, out of the line of fire, checking Randy’s route across the parking lot, a path straight as a tracer round aimed at the van parked on a side street next to a tavern.  The guard emerged into the parking lot, fighting for breath, gun at the end of two drooping arms struggling to aim.  
Trent ran parallel to the face of the mall between pools of light, darting between shrubbery and a water feature.  He watched the mall cop stagger half-heartedly into the parking lot and hoped the guy wasn’t having a heart attack—he’d just saved their lives.  
Trent reached the van right after Randy, shooing him across the bench seat to the passenger side.  He tried not to screech the tires maneuvering from side streets onto the freeway.  Distant sirens converged on the mall.
“Who was that guy?” Randy said, still wheezing as they traveled a steady sixty-five in the middle lane. “Mowgli?”
“Fucking Ajay Whadera does not lose his beauty sleep by hanging out in malls at three AM.  That was his secret weapon—cheap labor.  I’m betting armed security is stationed in every store, every night.  A Tamil Tiger or Khalistan separatist, with military grade weapons training and plenty of hardware.”
“You mean he’s going to kill us?  He can’t do that.  We’re old friends.”  
“That mall cop is the only reason we’re not dead right now.  Doesn’t sound like friendship to me.”  Trent laughed while keeping his eyes on the road.  No point in laying into Randy.  Truth be told, he’d enjoyed the thrill of the hunt, even though he was the one being hunted. The best adrenaline rush he’d had in years, an antidote for the malaise of boredom and complaisance.  “Hey, don’t worry about it.  We know where he lives, but our addresses aren’t in his book.”  Trent had already advanced to the next level.  His turn would be next.  The guys stationed in the stores wouldn’t have gas masks yet. 
“Shit,” Randy said.  “That was fucked up.  I don’t want to do that ever again.”  
Trent smiled.  Maybe he’d get to work solo after all.
* * *
Randy’s heart raced like a squirrel surprised by a dog long after they’d reached I-5 going north.  He knew better than to interrupt Trent while he was submerged in thought.  Randy had been convinced he was going to die in that mall, or at least left to be caught.  As terror ebbed, he considered whether to bring up the conversation he and Mowgli had years before at the student apartment in Seattle. Randy had dropped by unannounced to see if they had any of that hash.  Trent had gone out somewhere to distribute product, but Mowgli offered Randy tequila, some real kickass aged shit.  Randy found himself talking about the place up Highway 2, Trent’s tree house, the Bly family’s weird domes and his own folks’ store. He’d been flattered that Mowgli had so many questions.  
Randy knew at the time that he’d fucked up.  That conversation remained buried many years in the past and they got sooooo toasted that Mowgli couldn’t possibly have remembered anything.  Randy remembered because it was about the only conversation he’d ever had with Mowgli or Trent where he felt like he counted as more than a servant.



Chapter 10—Ping Pong
Chris knocked on the door to Swann’s dome and heard a flurry of movement inside—feet shuffling, cabinet doors slamming.  He imagined food going into cupboards—Fruit Loops, pizza, cheese—and realized he might be capable of violence if it meant a bowl of cereal, even the healthy kind.  The corridor constituted a forbidden zone not entered since he’d helped with its construction and he felt shaky after the trauma of the windmill and its aftermath the day before.  The earth still wobbled on its axis, gravity out of true.  
Hinges creaked and Swann filled the doorway in a floor-length flowered skirt and Mexican peasant blouse embroidered with dolphins and roses.  She possessed the angular geometry of an Aztec war goddess, dreadlocks piled on her head like a nest of snakes, massive as a monolith. 
The warm fragrance of bacon forced Chris to step back.
“Well?”
“I’m.  I’m here to help with your business. Dad thought I might be useful.”
“Did he?”  She inspected him with an attitude between pity and scorn.
He glanced at the only line of retreat down the Quonset hut corridor.
She appeared to decide on course of action and executed an economical curtsey.  “Prince Charming, here to save the damsel in distress.  Kind of endearing.”  She stepped aside with a sweep of the arm.  “Enter, Sir Knight.”    
Objects clogged the space, hanging from the walls, dangling from the ceiling or stacked in piles.  A row of animal skulls painted with bright dots, lines and squiggles adorned the wall.  A mobile of dream catchers hung from the apex of the dome, rotating gradually, each little snowshoe a mat of cobwebs ready to catch a whole Kindergarten naptime’s collection of flying insect dreams.  Tibetan thankas, Mexican milagros, crystals, mandalas and prayer rugs crowded floor, wall and table space, the slow-moving inventory of a New Age superstore felted in dust.  The only unrepresented cultures were those venerating cleanliness—Swann had never been much for housekeeping.
Chris had expected rejection at the door and hadn’t bothered to put together much of a plan.  Admission to the inner sanctum made him feel like the guest of honor at a human sacrifice, arrived early.  He followed Swann through the narrow passageways snaking through piles of stuff to a cubicle and desk at one side of the room, the fabric and steel panels unlikely as a cell phone embedded in fossil strata. 
“You’ll be more comfortable here,” Swann said, settling into the large swiveling office chair at the desk and motioning to the guest chair.  
He’d occupied a succession of similar enclosures in his tenure at the gargantuan software company.  The close grey fabric walls and awkward guest chair echoed the orthogonal modularity he’d striven for his whole life.  A Steelcase womb.  He sat down and immediately felt safe. 
“See?”  Swann said.
“I do.”
Certificates and diplomas hung on the fabric walls: an MBA from Cornell.  “Employee of the Year” from a division of Intel.  Certificates of achievement or completion in project management, Six Sigma, Chinese herbal medicine, Pascal and Tantric Nodal Therapy. TnT.
The sensation of safety triggered an equal and opposite reaction of sadness and guilt, the prospect of his father’s imminent death surfacing once again.  He had the desire to cry; something he could never do in this house.  “If you ever need a hand,” Cannon liked to say, “There’s one at the end of your arm.”  The family motto, mounted behind the big wood stove in the main dome, was a sign with the international symbol for “no” superimposed on the word “WHINING” in big block letters.
“So he’s finally told you, hasn’t he?” Swann looked sympathetic and comforting.  He hardly recognized her.
“Yes.”
“Good.  Then I can stop being angry with him.”
Chris inhaled and his breath caught.  “She’ll need a source of income after I croak,” Cannon said in the barn.  “She’ll have to live in the real world—whether she likes it or not.”  An idea he seemed to relish.    
Thinking about The Mission kept Chris’s mind from dwelling on his father’s cancer and other lesser difficulties, like his own failed life and slow starvation.  He’d found pancake mix in the cupboards that morning, the directions calling for missing milk, butter and eggs.  He mixed the batter with water, cooked them until burnt and gooey and ate them without syrup or butter.    
He still smelled bacon.
Swann raised one eyebrow as she examined Chris across the desk, the evanescent moment of sympathy evaporated.  “I think it’s very sweet of you to want to help, but I can take care of myself.  You can tell your father to mind his own business.”
She always seemed to know exactly how to derail Chris—information apparently shared with most other females on the planet.  But he could not give up that easily.  No whining.  “I completely understand why you don’t want Dad meddling, but humoring him might make him feel a little better and you may get something useful out of the deal.  I could build you a web site, for instance.”  
Swann smiled, as if unwilling to interrupt him in the process of making a mistake.  “Websites are glorified yellow page ads and this Internet crap is the modern equivalent of Laudanum—alcohol and morphine in a sugar syrup.  Remember, I served as VP of Marketing for three of your father’s companies.  I’m familiar with high tech glitter.”
A close runner up for the family motto might be “Victory Through Mindless Persistence.”  “Blys don’t give up,” Cannon often said.  “Even when they’re being stupid.”
Especially when being stupid.  “If the website doesn’t work, you can always shut it off.”
She crossed her arms and smiled.  “Tell you what—we’ll play ping pong.  Win and you have free reign on the technology front.  Lose and you tell your father that you’re setting me up with the works, but leave me alone.”  
Table tennis constituted a rite of passage at Squatch Hill with the table kept under the skylights of the main dome.  In the beginning, Cannon won every game, shellacking the two boys without mercy, before retiring his paddle when Chris began to beat him with consistency. Trent launched onslaughts with every volley but never overcame Chris’s longer arms, even though he tried many times to fake losing.  Chris didn’t recall Swann ever playing even a single volley.  
“Deal,” he said.
They cleared a space in the center of the room by moving the assortment of dusty fountains, miniature Zen sand gardens and brass Hindu idols.  The ping-pong table dipped in shallow bowls on each side, net drooping.  Dust outlined the patterns of removed objects.  Swann produced a ball and two paddles, handing one to Chris.  The nubby blue rubber backing peeled off one side the same as it had when he’d held it at sixteen, the varnish on the handle yellowed with age.
“Why don’t you tell me about your business while we play,” Chris said.  “Just in case I win.”
 Swann snorted.  She crossed arms dimpled with fat, the red paddle in one hand and the ball seemed disproportionately small.  “Why not.  It could happen.  I am a Psychic Therapist for what you call ‘pets.’  I discuss the problems of domestic animals and recommend solutions. Rally for serve.”  Her arms uncrossed, producing a tink as ball hit paddle and a white object sparked forward at lightning speed.  
He fluffed the ball back and she pounded it into his side of the table.  “My serve.”
“Wait,” Chris centered himself.  The ball hadn’t traveled the requisite three round trips, but he wasn’t about to complain.  “So you train the pets?” 
“No.  Try to listen.  The ‘owners’ are almost always the problem.  I talk directly to the animal in question and tell the humans where they’ve gone wrong. I’m more interpreter than anything.”  She served at an oblique angle, spin carrying the ball on an anti-gravitational, contra-intuitive scamper up and over the top of Chris’s paddle like a fleeing spider.  “One-zero.”
The ball bounced obediently on the floor by his feet.  “Get it right from the horse’s mouth, huh?”  No smile.  “And how did you learn how to do this?”  He tossed the ball back, unsure whether he meant talking to pets or subverting aerodynamics.  
“It’s a gift.”  She pounded a straight, hard serve that cleared the net by a millimeter and ricocheted off the edge of Chris’s paddle.  He felt his chances crumple.  
“Two-zip.”
“Wow.  Great serve.”  He repressed a grin at the image of Swann locked in serious conversation with a Doberman and ferreted out the ball out from between stacks of books where it lay ingested by a dust bunny the size of a Belgian hare.  He wondered if he could win any of the first eleven points to avoid a skunking.  Any possibility of success meant anticipating the direction of play, and he felt incompetent to divine the course of anything.  He blew the dust and hair off the ball and watched it float up in the direction of the dream catcher mobile.
Swann smiled.  “You think talking to animals is ridiculous, but I have many satisfied customers, so I don’t care.”  On her next serve, he managed to initiate a short rally, terminated by her smash.  An improvement.
“Three-zip,” she said.
“How much do you charge?” he asked.
“Depends on the case.  Ridiculous that I charge anything at all, don’t you think?”  She served. 
 He swung without thinking, directing the ball to her left side where she lunged, missing.  A weak backhand.
Swann tossed him the ball.  “Say I’ve got a dog that pees on the rug,” he said.  “How much?”    
“Five hundred dollars if I can get the dog to stop peeing on the rug.  If not, nothing.”
“Nothing?”
“It’s an absurd amount of money for that little bit of time.  Your father insisted I set rates, so I set rates.  Now serve.”
“How long does something like that take?”  He served into her forehand, forcing her to the margin of the table.  She smashed back and his return barely missed the table to her left side.  Their eyes met, his strategy now obvious.
“It has never taken me more than ten minutes of counseling—” she served and he muffed the return to her backhand. “Four-zip.”
He did the mental math.  How many calls in a day?  Say twenty.  Twenty times five hundred equaled ten thousand dollars.  She served while he rechecked decimal places.  
“Five-zip.”  Swann smiled.  “You’re not going to ask how many customers I’ve had so you can finish doing the books?”  She twirled the paddle in her hand.
“Okay.  How many customers?”
“I used to believe that people’s highest priorities were children, spouses and then pets.  But pets are first.  Spouses and children over age seven aren’t even on the same list.  I have helped over five hundred customers in the past year with a ninety-six percent success rate.  I turn away calls all the time.”  She served.  The ball flashed past, untouched.  “Six-zero.”  
 Chris multiplied while retrieving the ball, stuck like an obese white fly in a network of spider webs between a stone Buddha and a model Japanese temple. “A quarter million dollars. Incredible.” 
“So you see, you don’t have to worry about me.  Everybody in this family is an independent life force--except, ironically, my own daughter.  And since this game is pointless, would you like to concede?”
Chris flashed back to the living room of a rented house in Seattle decades ago when his father and Swann were a new couple.  “Look,” she had said.  “Technically, I’m now your stepmother and you’re biologically obligated to hate me, but I’m not here to be your parent.  If you have questions about behavior, consult your father.  If you transgress against me, I will let you know.  Otherwise, I suggest we simply stay out of each other’s way, since we’re all independent beings in this family.  Is that acceptable to you?”  Eleven-year-old Chris nodded. They shook hands all around—except for Trent, who refused to uncross his arms.  Later, Chris looked up “transgress” in the dictionary and realized he had no idea what it meant.
But numbers like $250,000 he understood.  A gusher of entrepreneurial visions flooded his imagination.  A line of pet products accompanied by a ghostwritten book.  Seminars and talk shows by the pet guru with the inside scoop on how animals really thought.  All supported with Internet electronic ordering and back end accounting systems.  Accounting.  Accounts Receivable.  “Wait.  How many of those five hundred customers have actually paid?”
Swann displayed her maybe-you’re-smarter-than-I-give-you-credit-for smile.  “No idea.  I promised your father I’d set a rate, but I’ve never actually billed anybody.”  She served.  
Chris instinctively countered with spin, causing the ball to corkscrew to the tip of the table beyond Swann’s reach.  He understood dirty ping-pong. 
“We’ll need to set up billing software.”  His serve cleared the net by a few microns, blowing past Swann’s off kilter lunge.  “One-six.” He would not be skunked.
“I hate computers.” She’d begun to pant like a large dog on a hot day. “They follow orders, like good Nazis. They ought to be called Nuremburg machines.”  
A glimmer of insight swam below the surface of Chris’s consciousness like an ancient lake monster that stayed hidden when cameras were about.  In all the years his father and Swann were together, there was never a cat, dog or even goldfish allowed in the house.  The monster broke the surface in full daylight.  “I thought you hated pets.”
“Not at all,” Swann said.  “I love animals.  I don’t believe in holding another spirit captive, so I will not keep a pet.  It’s your father who doesn’t care for them.”  
“What about your allergies?”   
“I don’t have any allergies.  Now serve.”
Swann crouched like a sumo wrestler ready to crush the tiny ball.  Cannon Bly alone had consigned little Gemini to the barn and her ultimate fate.
“Dogs bark for a reason, you know,” Swann said.  “I have always been able to sense what a soul wants.  The species is irrelevant.”  She looked across the table into his eyes with what seemed to be sympathy and he wondered if she saw into his pain.  He served and the return seemed to obey his will, enabling a topspin smash to her weak side. “Two-six.”
“Right now you think I’m full of crap,” she said.  “You think speaking to animals is fraud or delusion and you don’t believe I could convince a dog to accept bacon.  You think I’m incapable of running a business of any sort, and believe you can straighten it all out, fix everything.  Solve the problem.  Men are such simple creatures.” 
Maybe she really could read his mind.  “It doesn’t matter what I believe.  Ready to call this a draw?”  
“Not a chance.  The business part doesn’t interest me, which is why I’ve decided to go offshore.  Serve the damned ball, please.”  She crouched tiger-like, a stone sculpture of an elephant-headed Indian god positioned over her shoulder like a strange growth.  
“How exactly do you outsource talking to animals?”  He served, low and soft, with backspin, forcing a lunge.  She tipped the ball skyward beyond the edge of the table and Chris plucked it from the air.  “Three-six.”
“Simple.” Swann panted.  “Train a trainer.  All that’s needed is personnel with spiritual sensitivity.  I get a percentage on every call and a guaranteed monthly minimum.”
“Like when you call customer service and end up talking to Bill in Bangalore, whose real name is Suresh?”  He served, the ball torquing left.  “Five-six.”
“Exactly.  And what better source of spiritual talent than India? We’re set for a trial run.”  
Auditions for family savior were competitive.  “Who are you talking to?” He launched a straight, hard serve to her strong side, hitting her square in the chest.  
She opened and closed her mouth.  “A Mr. Malhotra, owner of a Rottweiler with a biting problem in New Delhi who went through quite a few servants before contacting me.  He is sending a man with special capabilities.  We’ll recruit at the best ashrams.”
“Oh.  Six-six, by the way.”  He faked, then served in the instant she flinched. “Seven-six.”
“Damn you.  I don’t care if you help me or not, as long as you promise one thing.”
“And what is that?”  
 “Convince your father that everything is under control and he has nothing to worry about.  Stress will make his condition worse.”  
It looked like Swann might burst into tears, a condition he wasn’t sure he’d be able to handle. “It’s a deal. Shall we call it a draw?”
Her vulnerable moment passed and Swann looked like she might scatter the table and cleave him in two with her paddle.  “Not on your life.” She hunkered into her stance.  “No more talking.”
“Suit yourself.”  He served.  “Eight-six.”  He felt more alive than he had in a long time.  



Chapter 11—Crow’s Nest
Chris came away from combat ping-pong with the right to supervise Swann’s business systems and a case of the dizzies.  Victory tasted sweet but did nothing to fill his belly.  He did not inquire about lunch, aware of the leftover squash pie like super-dense matter compressed in the belly of a black hole.  
The laptop lay drained of life with no prospect of operating, given the lack of electric power.  Progress on Swann’s business would have to wait until he had access to the tools of his trade and the energy to use them.  
His mental disk drive thrashed between memories of the past and visions of a bleak future as Cannon’s condition declined.  Trillium’s nurturing temperament made her a logical recruit in the campaign to provide care, with the added benefit of extracting her from exile in the forest.  Even Trent couldn’t quibble with that. 
He set off for the old growth.  
The giant raven intercepted him at the snag with a squawk and the beating of greasy misshapen wings.  “Fuck you,” Chris yelled from a sense of tradition.  The bird inspected him, unimpressed.  
 “Hello,” he called at the base of the cedars.  “Anybody home?”  No life stirred above, a breeze ransacking the branches. 
“Up here.”  It took a moment to locate the source of Trillium’s voice in a large bucket-like structure close to the summit of a fir tree, a playground version of a crow’s nest accessible via a spider web of suspended cable and plank walkways.  Two faces appeared above the chest-high plank walls of the structure—Trillium in front and someone with red hair peeking over her shoulder.
Willa.
“Don’t stand there with your mouth open,” Trillium called. “Come up.”  Willa frowned, apparently displeased. 
Twenty-three years ago, work on the domes stopped as Cannon diverted his energies to other projects, or completed construction, or lost interest.  Chris found himself with an entire summer vacation to fill, and came to notice that the top button on Willa’s tomboy logger shirt exposed a perpetually sunburned triangle containing an unusual number of freckles.  One day, while he stared at those freckles, she kissed him hard on the mouth.  He remembered watching her blush originate from the sunburned triangle up the stem of her neck, but lost track as he kissed her back.  Hormones reached the boiling point.  
Skipping the patent search, they set out to re-invent sex, using the woods, mountainsides, meadows, and even Bigfoot Cave as their lab, experimenting with theoretical constructs like “true love” and “forever” without reading the instructions.  Things blew up near the end of the summer when Harmon caught them in Bigfoot Cave, threatening to kill Chris, who fled to school.  The emotional toxic waste of their experiments lay strewn about, untreated.  
An ancient and juvenile sense of guilt combined with acrophobia kept him pinned to the ground.  He could not flee.  Not again. 
Surely, a statute of limitations applied.  They’d grown up, achieved perspective and distance, the tides of lust ebbing from adolescent tsunami levels.  The butterflies in his stomach and the wasps in his head had to be symptoms of hunger and stress.
 “Go up the long way,” Trillium yelled.  “The short cut is dangerous.”  She giggled like a schoolgirl with a secret and disappeared behind the edge of the crow’s nest.  
“Wait.  Which is the long way?” The only instructions forthcoming were a chorus of wind chimes, the yaw of wood against wood and the twang of cables.    
* * *
Chris broke a sweat climbing to the first stage of the tree house, using the sense of being watched to propel him across the suspended walkway that plunged with every step, like crossing a lake by stepping from raft to canoe to rowboat.  His body threatened to liquefy with terror, but he gained a platform affixed to the side of a tree.  
Three bridges fanned out from the balcony after a design by M. C. Escher.  He set out in the general direction of the crow’s nest, the walkway bucking sideways, white knuckles clutching insubstantial cable rails.  He reminded himself not to hyperventilate.  
At last, he reached the small platform alongside the crow’s nest.  He attempted to catch his breath, sweat evaporation chilling his forehead, every joint turned to Jell-O.  Jerked back into girl-shy teenage years, his time in cities counting for squat.
Voices rose above a whisper behind the short door: “Don’t you dare let him in here,” Willa said.  He wondered if he could find his way back down.  The door swung open.
“What took you so long?” Her eyes looked red and puffy, as if she might have been crying, but she grinned with delight.  Another insubstantial sundress demonstrated her distaste for underwear.  
A gust of wind dipped the rail like a tango partner and Chris clutched the cable rail, feeling the suck of gravity.  
“Git in here, you.” Trillium looked giddy. The trunk of the tree continued up through the center of the small circular space, leaving room for two inside, if that.  “Just sit down and get cozy.”
Willa sat on an oversized pillow with her back to the wall, unamused.  She wore logger plaid and blue jeans, hair pulled into a braid, her thick black-rimmed glasses both stylish and old fashioned, the triangle of skin below her throat still sunburned and freckled.  A closer examination of the plank walls showed smeared crayon hieroglyphics, indicating its use as a playhouse.  
“You’re all flushed,” Trillium said.  
Chris tried to calm his panting as he stood among the tangle of legs trying to figure out how to sit down.  “Out of shape, I guess.” 
“Looks like we neglected to put out the ‘Girls Only’ sign.” Willa pointed to the pillow on the opposite wall.   
He jackknifed toward the floor.  Between ping-pong, hiking and the tense climb, his legs refused to bend without cramping.  Trillium positioned herself to block Chris’s limbs unless he was willing to lift her legs and look up her skirt, forcing him to position himself on Willa’s side of the tree trunk.  She folded her legs to make room, but a section of her thigh unavoidably rested against his shin—the first physical contact since the incident at the cave twenty-three years ago.  
They were mature adults.  Surely, they could do this without a fuss.  
The transfer of energy created heat, causing blood to surge through his head like a faulty hydraulic system.  Time slipped and he became a horny proto-adult, fumbling for something to say.  “Where’s SkyFish?”
“Down at the creek, I think,” Trillium said.  “Playing with his Sasquatch friends.”  
“Really?” Chris said. 
“Sure,” Trillium said.  “His playmates are all mythical creatures.  He’s mentally unstable.  Like his mother.”
Willa looked uncomfortable. “I should go so you two can catch up.”   
“Don’t be silly.” Trillium said. “Chris and I had a long talk the day before yesterday.  You two are the ones who need to catch up.”  
Chris realized that Trillium knew the sordid details.  Women talked about that sort of thing.  He wanted to leave, but wasn’t sure he could bend his legs, let alone separate himself from the warmth of Willa’s thigh.  The silence resembled the weightless moment between rising and falling.  Willa gazed out a small window in the side of the crow’s nest near floor level, distracted. 
“So what brings you by?”  Willa said.  
“Bly family business.” He could have lied, but despite his years in business, it didn’t come naturally.
“Then I should go,” Willa said. “Besides, I have work to do.”
“Bullshit,” Trillium said.  “You’ve got a yard full of art that nobody’s buying, and your mother is at the store.”  She put a hand on Willa’s shoulder to prevent her from rising and turned to Chris. “You can say whatever you need to in front of her, because she’s like my sister.”
Chris glanced at Willa, unsure what she knew.  “It’s about Dad.”
“We’re not going to talk about that.” Trillium crossed her arms tight against her chest and looked like she might fly into hysteria.  
“Trill, you’ll have to deal with it eventually,” Willa said.  “Cancer is more terrifying if you don’t face it.  Everything is.”  
“I said not now.” Trillium turned to Willa.  “He brought us out here and now we’re stuck, so he can’t just give up.  That would be so unfair, so absolutely awful—.”  Her fists clenched.  “You agreed not to talk about this, or Trent.  Why can’t anyone ever let me have any fun?”  She looked as if she might launch like a bottle rocket.
Willa glanced at Chris.  “It’s okay. You’re right, we agreed.”  She touched Trillium on the elbow, but she squirmed away.
Uncomfortable silence.  Chris was now sure he was the last person in the vicinity to learn that his own father was dying, and even less sure of Trillium’s sanity. 
“We’re going to stop talking about awful things.” Trillium’s voice struggled for its nursery rhyme equilibrium, her face arranging itself into a bad approximation of agreeability.  “We’ll have tea.”  She turned to Chris.  “What kind of tea would you like?”  
“Uh.  What do you have?” Anything but the last kind, he wanted to say.  
She brightened.  “We have this tea from China picked by actual monkeys if you can believe it.  It’s called Monkey Picked Oolong.  It costs like a hundred dollars an ounce. Trent brought it back for me.” 
 He pictured monkeys hurling poo at each other as they picked tea.  “How about Earl Grey?  It sounds so civilized.”
“That’s so boring.” Trillium turned to Willa.  “Let’s try the Monkey Picked Tea.  Please—?”
“Earl Grey,” Willa said. “Unless you’re sure the monkeys washed their hands.”   
“Oh, all right,” Trillium said.  “I’ll put the water on while you two stay here and chat.  But you have to promise not to discuss Dad. Or Trent.  Or me.   Promise.”
Chris felt like a kindergarten student pledged not to tell about the “medicine” bottle in the teacher’s desk drawer.  Willa’s eyes bored into his and he could not help but notice the fullness of her lips. 
“We promise to play nice,” Willa said.  “Go make tea.”
Trillium giggled and ducked under the low door, strolled onto the suspension bridge without touching the handrails, the walkway gyrating to the swish of her hips.  
Willa shifted to the small window and peered over the side to make sure Trillium was gone.  The separation of their legs had an effect like two powerful magnets drawn apart.
“What the hell was that?”  Chris said. 
“She’s like one of those Japanese soldiers they found in the jungle twenty years after the end of World War II,” Willa said.  “She’s right, we should talk.  But not here—she has ears like a bat.  Meet me at the cave at four o’clock.”
“The cave?”  The same cave where Harmon Doyle walked in on them having sex, causing him to flee and not look back.  The scene of the events he hoped they might someday look back on with laughter in mild embarrassment, mocking the stupidity of adolescent lust.  Today did not feel like that day.  
“You’re not still hanging onto that old baggage, are you?” she said.  “We were just children.”
“No, of course not,” he said.  “We were young and stupid.  I mean I was.  Stupid.”
“So that’s not why you’ve been avoiding me for the last twenty-three years?”  She looked amused, quizzical, a dash of angry.    
“I haven’t been avoiding you.  Life has been—busy.”
“Sure.  That’s it.  Me too.  Meet me at the cave at four.”
“Okay. Sure. I’d like to see the place again.” He avoided her eyes, having lied.  “Maybe you can give me the tour.”  
“A return to the scene of the crime,” she said, head canted.  “Sure you’re ready?”
Mocking tinged with tragedy?  What did he know about reading eyes?  Hers picked up the green of sunlight filtered by forest, translucent hazel jewels that produced a catching in his breathing.  Lust forced its way into his conscious brain, more insistent than any ghost. And—hunger.  “Can I ask a favor?”  
“That depends.  For example, I’m not going to let you fuck me on the table again for old time’s sake.”  She tilted her head.
Her look of anticipation at his reaction, pure as a child pulling the wings off an insect, made his heart pound.  He laughed, or pretended to.  “No, no, no.  Of course not.”  He became conscious of blinking and a partial erection that was becoming hard to hide in the close quarters.  Desperation mounted. “The thing is, I’m starving.  Swann’s doing the cooking, and it’s beyond inedible.  Can you—would you—bring me a Footburger?”  He wanted two burgers, a shake, even onion rings, but could not bring himself to ask for more than was necessary to sustain life.
Her smile tarnished but did not disappear.  “We’re not in a position to turn away business, but it won’t be free.”
“Of course. I’ll pay.”  He had no doubts concerning his obligation to pay.



Chapter 12—On the Rocks
The lay of the land came back to Chris like a bad habit as he picked his way downhill through the old growth beside Squatch Creek, descending in the direction of the falls, the cave and Bigfoot Junction, less than a mile away.  Four o’clock was still over an hour off.  He hopped boulder-to-boulder, the brisk air rising off cold water a temporary relief from worries about cancer, his lunatic family, hunger and dread of the reckoning that waited.  
A small tributary spilled into the creek out of a seam in the earth leading up to the rim of peaks near Lincoln’s Nose.  He knew enough about geology to recognize fault and uplift slashing across the hanging valley.  There were outcrops, unusual rocks, disruptions in the earth’s crust—a vortex of inclusions and extrusions that should not exist, but did, as if glaciers and plate tectonics wrestled to a draw on this spot, leaving behind a disordered mess.     
He climbed into the side canyon, the granite carved into weird hollows and potholes. In the streambed, he found what he was looking for—a green boulder half submerged in the gravel, its surface worn smooth like a bench.  
At the beginning of his last summer at Squatch Hill, before college, Willa had led him here by the hand near twilight.  They’d travelled in silence, Chris in fear of discovery by a hiker gone astray or a sibling, or a stealthy Harmon Doyle.  Or Bigfoot.  She insisted on being naked in order to feel the texture and hardness of the rock against her skin.  He forgot about noise and everything else except what they were doing, the first moments of neural short circuit followed by the exhilarating buzz of electrocution. It was Chris’s first time, but not Willa’s.  She was a woman of experience, two years younger—sixteen years old.  Christ.    
The rock sat smoother, flatter and a lot smaller than he remembered, but not any softer. He ran a palm over the polished surface and swore he smelled something like sex.  His body responded like one of the many shoots spearing through the spring mud up the bank.  He removed his hands from the rock and backed away, stumbling in retreat to Squatch Creek, gravity out of whack. This little side trip had been a bad idea.    
Eventually, he reached the outcrop where the stream slid over a shelf into Bigfoot Falls.  Coming out of the trees, the boundary between the Bly and Doyle properties became obvious, the Doyle side clear-cut, mowed flat up to the tangled fringe of forest, denuded to slash and scrub.  The Doyles must have been in dire need of cash.  
He followed the trail skirting the rock face, scrambling down the shelf of harder rock to the side of the falls, a fifteen-foot tall ribbon of white water.  On the level of the plunge pool, he looked downstream to where the dirt road began, leading back to the store and highway through a section of trees left standing.  Curlicue ruts indicated where the school bus brought the few tourists curious enough to stop for the Bigfoot Cave and Museum Tour.  A blue honeybucket tilted at the tree line, a modern convenience for today’s tourist.
The door of rough-hewn planks and outsized carriage bolts still covered the cave opening behind the waterfall like something out of a fantasy novel featuring trolls and unicorns.  A theatrically large padlock secured the hasp, indicating Willa had not yet arrived.  His watch said three-thirty.  Still half an hour to wait.  His stomach growled in anticipation.
The plunge pool where they skinny-dipped as kids broadened into a shallow pond about thirty yards across. A flat-sided stone a little smaller than his palm lay on the ground by his foot, crying out for skipping.  He picked it up, felt the hardness mold into his palm.  He side armed it toward the water’s skin, where it disappeared with a plunk.
Maybe fifty rocks later, Chris turned and spotted Willa near the end of the road.  He wondered how long she’d been there, and whether she’d seen his ten skipper.  He hoped so.
She raised a brown paper bag and walked toward him with a confident stride, still wearing the same logger plaid and blue jeans, but no glasses.  It occurred to him that Willa didn’t pluck her eyebrows.  They were the sort of full tilde shape that Eve abhorred, her own plucked to near extinction.  A whiff of the sublime perfume of grease and charred meat issued from the paper bag, causing him to swallow hard.    
“Sorry I’m late,” she said.   
He thought perhaps she was nervous, but dismissed this as an impossibility.  He couldn’t help glancing at his watch—4:30.  
Her eyes—and eyebrows—dared him to say something.  
“Not a problem.”
“Let’s talk in the cave.”  She started up the gravel path hugging the inside of the horseshoe carved by the falls.
“Can’t we talk here?”
“The cave’s not haunted, you know.”  She trolled the bag like bait, ducking behind a screen of spray.  
Chris had no alternative but to follow.  Icy droplets of mist caught in the hair on his arm. Sheets of water opened and closed over the cliff face, distorting the sunlight as Willa released the padlock, swung open the door and disappeared inside.  Lights flickered.  
“Batteries,” she said, her voice echoing.  “No more lanterns.  We can’t stay too long or we’ll have to fire up the generator, which wouldn’t be a good idea because it’s not vented very well.  They might find our bodies in here like middle aged Romeo and Juliet.  Come on.”  
Chris entered, heart thumping so hard he thought it might echo with his visceral fear of the place. The narrow entrance opened into a space the size of a small living room with the tang of pond scum.  A ribbon of water seeped across the smooth rock, sloshing over boot seams before exiting under the door.  Force of water had carved out most of the cavern, rippling the stonewalls.  The long defunct mining operations had a hand in chipping away some indefinite part of the space, and Chris wondered what they might have found, and whether any of it remained.    
A Sasquatch family portrait covered one wall, the patriarch’s neck bigger around than his head with pronounced brow ridges and snarling—or smiling—fangs.  The mother stood shorter and smaller with a kindly, worried expression, her breasts hanging like empty saddlebags, rescued from an R rating by a thick covering of fur.  Baby Bigfoot, broad faced and happy, posed front and center.  Flaking rock and cracks gave the painting the appearance of an early Christian relic.  
A glassed-in case against the opposite wall housed a collection of artifacts, including plaster casts of footprints, an array of twisted sticks, and a pyramid of “Bigfoot bullets”—baseball-sized rocks which could allegedly bring down a running elk when hurled by one of the mythical creatures.  
Near the far wall stood an enormous stone table made from a river-smoothed slab balanced on a rock pedestal, with three large boulders arranged as chairs.  Willa hopped to the tabletop and sat on its edge, roughly in the same spot where she reclined when Harmon burst in on them.  Only then, she’d been naked with Chris standing on the chair boulder.  Also naked.  
He swallowed hard.  
“I’m glad you don’t feel bad about what happened,” Willa said.  “I’ve been thinking you were still beating yourself up over that silliness.  But since we’re past all that, maybe we can have a normal adult friendship and dispense with the weirdness.”
“Sure.”  Swallow.  “Of course.”
 “Brings back memories, doesn’t it?” She made a show of looking around the room.
Memories indeed.  Transcendent lust transfixed by abject terror. Earnest pledges.  Unbearable yearning.  Betrayal and embarrassment.  Shame.  Horndog teenage insecurity.  He felt an overpowering urge to run for the light framed by the doorway and launch through the waterfall headfirst into the plunge pool.  He shivered, imagining the shock of cold water against sweaty skin.  
Willa kicked her dangling legs, the paper bag resting beside her thigh. She seemed distracted from the full enjoyment of his discomfort, looking up at the dripping ceiling with a finger to the corner of her eye. “Damn.”
“Contacts?” 
“I don’t wear them much anymore.”  She blinked furiously.  “Putting them in was a bad idea.  Same for meeting you here.  Some crazy insecurity about how you’d be comparing me to my teenage self.  The petty vanities of youth die hard.”
He couldn’t reconcile the Willa of years ago with the woman currently torturing his imagination via the flex of her body against the stone.  Maybe—.  Crap.  This place forced him to regress to the teen years.  A surge of guilt pressed him back against the cave wall.  “Look, I don’t think—.  I never actually—.  Apologized.”
“Oh, god, I knew it!”  She slapped the tabletop with her open palm, a noise disconcertingly like the spank of a hand against bare skin.  “You’ve been marinating in guilt this whole time, haven’t you?”  She leaned forward, pointing an accusatory finger at his chest.  “Come on, admit it.”
“Of course.”
“You always were so painfully sincere.  We were children and we didn’t know what we were saying.”
That summer they’d said a lot of things to each other, spent every free moment when their bodies were not conjoined planning their futures.  He promised her that when he returned from school, they’d be together forever.  Because they had True Love.  Willa reciprocated every childish vow.  He’d never squared the reality of adult life with his eighteen year old naïveté.  “I thought you must hate me.  Leaving was an asshole thing to do.”
“Of course I don’t hate you.  I moved on after I realized that true love crap was like Santa Claus.”
That made him wince.  He’d always wondered what would have happened if—.  
“My Dad really would have killed you, and then where would we be?  Of course I hated your guts for a while, but when I finally arrived at some perspective, I realized you’d be carrying the guilt around like a big rock wherever you went.  At first, I was happy about that.  Then it made me sad.”
She was right—the shame of his betrayal faded, but never left.  Harmon Doyle had charged into the cave brandishing his hook and bellowing his intention to gut Chris like a trout, the signal for him to light out for the territories—or the reverse, since he headed to Boston for school. The incident served as the starting gun for his adult life, the beginning of a race he’d recently lost. 
“One thing did really piss me off,” Willa said. “I wrote you letters for a solid year.  You never answered.  Not even once.”
“I didn’t receive any letters.” 
“Oh come on.  I even gave them to my mom to mail in town, because I knew Dad would—.”  
Chris saw the sum of one and one arrive on Willa’s face.  “Were we really that easy to fool?”  
“I think we wanted to be fooled,” Chris said. The silence felt awkward.  “So how much do I owe you?” He nodded to the package beside her thigh.
“For this?” Willa plucked at the bag, as if rediscovering it.  “This was a really bad idea.”  She had that nervous look again.  
“Look, there’s no food at Squatch Hill,” he said. “Swann is doing the cooking. You’d be saving a life here.”  
“You shouldn’t be eating this.” Willa moved the bag behind her.  “It’s all soggy and cold, not to mention incredibly bad for you.  Plus you’re getting a bit soft around the middle.”
He sucked in his gut.  Maybe bringing the food and withholding it constituted a penance.  Given their reconciliation and her forgiveness—she had forgiven him, hadn’t she?—this seemed cruel and unusual.  Chris had the cinematic compulsion to cross the room, kiss her hard on the mouth and reach behind her for the bag.  
“Besides,” she said.  “We came here to talk about Trent and Trillium, not rehash ancient history.”
An obvious diversion, but he had to go with it.  “According to Trent, this is paradise on earth.  But Trillium acts like an inmate in One Flew over the Cuckoo’s Nest.”
“Well, she always wanted a career as a wood nymph and now she’s got the job.  Be careful what you wish for, I guess.”
 “I’m a bit out of touch.” It had already occurred to him that Trent might have been telling him what he wanted to hear.  
“You’re not kidding.  For starters, they fight a lot.  She blames that dead tooth on him.”
“He hit her?”  The temperature in the cave seemed to plunge ten degrees.       
“We’ve known each other most our lives and I’ve noticed that tooth going bad since she was about twelve.  I don’t think Trent would ever hit her, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t a paranoid control freak.  I’m never sure when Trillium is telling the truth or lying and I suspect she may not know herself.”
 “She needs to get out of there,” Chris said.
 “Easier said than done.  Trent would never give up Sky.  And however unhappy she is, Trillium is terrified of the outside world.  Leaving worked out pretty well for you, but she’s not you.”
He wondered why Willa came back home herself.  He thought of explaining his own derailed rollercoaster of a life, but became distracted by the realization that one of the blended aromas issuing from the bag signified onion rings.  The Foot used Walla Walla sweets, caramelized to a deep brown, having the same effect on him as kryptonite on Superman. “Once again,” he said.  “Sorry.” 
“Stop saying that.”  She looked at the roof of the cave. Apparently, her contacts were still giving her trouble. “We knew you’d be a big success.  Some of us get diverted. Softer material erodes at a faster rate.”  
“What do you mean?” he said.
Once, on a business trip, Chris had gone looking for Willa’s art in a posh gallery in Tribeca.  They’d sold all her pieces but still had a portfolio of photographs.  Striking curves of stone and wood, entwined shapes suggesting bodies, surfaces smooth as river rocks—all sold long ago. The artist, vanished.   
 “I prefer not to wallow in solipsism,” she said.  “After all, we don’t know each other that well.”
She was right.  Did she suffer from depression?  Addiction to something mundane like alcohol or weed or scary, like heroin or meth?  Abusive boyfriends?  Worse?  Whatever it was, she’d gone through it without him and somehow he felt cheated. He’d always thought of her as the strongest person he knew.  
“God, look at you all agitated,” she said.  “Relax.  I’m successful on my own terms.  Better than okay.”  She propped her heels on the edge of the table, arms wrapped around her knees as if finally succumbing to the chill.  
He felt the need to confess.  She might even find solace in his personal tragedies. “Look—”
“Please. I don’t want to hear how wealth and success are not all they’re cracked up to be.  I’m glad you came back and we can be friends again.”  She shimmied off the table and walked toward the door, bag in hand.  
“Stop.  I mean—can I have that now?”
She looked him in the eyes, as if trying to determine what remained of his soul, abandoning the search with a shrug. “Sure.  What the hell.  It’s on the house.”  She held out the bag.  “Maybe we need this.”
He crossed the room and took the prize between thumb and middle finger.  She withdrew her hand, as if direct contact might singe her flesh.  
“I would recommend not eating that.  Look into it carefully.  And you have to wait until I leave.”
“Sure.” He remembered assignment number two: help the Doyles revitalize the tour.  “Look, I’ve got some spare time and I’d like to help out. I thought maybe the Bigfoot Cave Tour could use a web site.”
“I’m not sure it’s worth your trouble.  Hardly anybody stops anymore and it’s not like we have the money to spiff things up.”  She switched off the lights, plunging them into darkness, her silhouette against the bright light of the exit.  
She stood dealing with the padlock as he passed close by, a field of biomagnetic distortion degaussing even his hunger for a moment. “I can generate some Internet buzz,” he said.  “You might get more business.”  And he might have an excuse to talk to her again.
She clicked the lock onto the hasp.  “I’ve been telling my parents they should do a website for years. You’d have to talk to Dad, and he doesn’t like you Blys much.  Maybe you should write him a letter.  If you still want to.  Later.” 
“Wait.  What do we do about Trillium and Trent?”
“Do?  You can’t fix people.  Like it or not, they have their own lives.  They have to figure it out for themselves.”
 “Sure.” He felt stupid yet again.  
Willa walked down the trail beside the pool. He watched the sway of her hips and long legs, desperate to prevent her from leaving.  “So I’ve got to talk to your father about the web site?”
”Yep.”  She put her open hand into the air but did not look back.  
Everything about her walk said determination.  Chris watched her disappear behind the screen of trees at the road head, behind the honeybucket.
His stomach growled with an intensity that threatened to turn him inside out.  He opened the bag and ripped the limp foil from the burger and bit off a chunk.  A ribbon of juice squirted onto his shirt.  Cold, but heaven.  On the second mouthful, he encountered something crunchy and bitter that could not be pickle.  Beneath the open bun lay the crushed and decapitated carapace of a wood beetle studding the meat like jewelry.   
He spat repeatedly onto the rocks, hungrier than ever.



Chapter 13—The Second Coming
Morning coffee brewed in a giant stainless steel stovetop espresso maker, generating a sound like the cauldrons of hell.  Cannon had designed and built the thing years ago in his quest for the perfect cup of java.  Father and son sat in boot mode, waiting at the kitchen table for the magic elixir.  Chris knew better than to start a conversation before his father reached adequate caffeination.    
Cannon filled a chipped porcelain mug with sludgy liquid before the coffeemaker finished erupting and retreated to the door of his dome.  “Watch out.” He nodded toward the coffee maker.  “A little of that stuff goes a long way.”
Chris poured his own cup, viscous as 30-weight, and embarked on breakfast.   A stain of unknown origin obscured the directions on the side of a bag of ancient oatmeal.  He poured an unmeasured quantity of the cereal into a pot of hot water.  Moisture began to collect in a cloud near the center of the dome, promising rain.  The cereal quickly absorbed all the liquid and caked to the scorched gunk at the bottom of the pot no matter how hard he stirred, approaching the color and consistency of burnt adobe.  A search through the cupboards turned up no source of added flavor or sweetness, except for powdered cinnamon, which made the charred oats taste of wood beetle.  He ate what he could, starvation balancing inedibility, until a mass of oatmeal rotated at his core, suspended in a mantle of coffee.  
Caffeine made his nerves vibrate like the tines of a tuning fork.  He sat slouched at the table, rhythmically thwacking a slab of cold oats with the back of a spoon, his mind a run-on sentence, fingers twitching for a keyboard, eager to write that letter to Harmon Doyle so he could take the next step, reach the next milestone. See Willa again.  The dead laptop taunted him from the table not twenty feet away, lacking one vital ingredient: Electricity.  E-lec-tricity. Its absence mocked him.  
Three blows sounded against the front door.  Chris jumped out of his chair, heart pounding as if a police SWAT team might burst in with a battering ram.  He realized the impacts were not from his bowl.  Perhaps a woodpecker had come to confirm that Squatch Hill at last stood abandoned.  Or someone was outside.  Knocking.  Willa? 
“Hello?” said a voice decidedly not Willa’s from the other side of the door.  “Is memsab Swann being at home?”
Chris drew open the huge fir door to find a slight, fit-looking man of indeterminate age standing at the threshold, his skin the color of a triple shot latte, hair a hedgehog stubble flecked with gray.  The straps of a canvas backpack cut into his shoulders over a clean white T-shirt, although the weather outside remained misty and cold.  The hint of singed clove insinuated itself inside, blending with burnt oatmeal and cinnamon.
The man drew back from the door, as if clearing for a fight.  Chris had the paranoid idea that he was about to be assassinated.
“You are Mr. Trentbly?” 
It was a bit hard to make out the accent.  “Christian Bly.  And you are?” He remembered that Trent had once been in the gem import business with an Indian partner, and assumed this might be him, or some associate.   
The man seemed to relax. “Acha.  This is the home of guru memsab Swannbly?” 
“Swann Bly?  Yes. It is.”  He extended his hand and it shook on its own. Note to self: no more coffee for you. 
“I am Rabindrinath, called Binny for short.”  He did not take Chris’s trembling hand, placing his own palms together and inclining his brow.  “Namaste, Sri Christianbly.  I am representing Mr. Malhotra of New Delhi.”
 “Of course.”  Chris suspected that Swann’s claims to have located an outsourcer might be a stratagem, but now an actual person had arrived, someone with the precise bearing of a maitre ‘de at a posh restaurant.  “You’re here about talking to animals.”  
“Yes, sa’b.”  The man employed a non-committal sidling shimmy of the neck and head.   “Swannji is to be my guru.  My great opportunity, sa’b.”    
Chris had never actually heard the word “sahib” spoken aloud.  Binny appeared to be an altogether different sort or Indian than the computer scientists and PhDs he had dealt with before.  The military bearing and steely look in his eyes suggested danger even when his words were deferential.  Chris chalked it up to coffee paranoia.  Anyone coming to learn to speak to animals had to be harmless.  “Well, you’d better come in.”  
Binny crossed the threshold.  Chris scanned the open space in front of the dome and saw only the minivan and the mud-encrusted pickup.  “How the hell did you get here?”
“I am walking from your Skykomishpur.”
“You’re kidding,” Chris said.  “That’s eleven miles.”  
“I am behind schedule, so I am not waiting for the bus.”  He stood inside the dome as if invigorated from the stroll. 
“Did you have breakfast?”
“Please sa’b.  Do not trouble yourself.”
“We have burned oatmeal and coffee, though you have to watch out for that stuff because a little goes a long way.  Please, take your pack off.  It looks heavy.”
Binny shucked the pack.  Something metallic and heavy bumped against the floorboards.  
“Sa’b, please,” Binny said, making for the stove.  “I will serve.”
“Don’t be silly, you’ve got to be starving—though this isn’t going to help much.”  Chris carved out a slab of congealed oatmeal with the wooden spoon and dislodged it into the chipped bowl with several raps. 
Binny hovered.  “Please, sa’b.  You should not be serving me.”
“Believe me, this is no big favor.  One thing though.”
“Sa’b?”
“Don’t call me ‘sahib.’  It makes me feel like I’m in a PBS drama.  I keep expecting a pledge drive.  Call me Chris.”
“Yes, Mister Chris, sir.”  Binny looked mystified and a little indignant, like someone compelled to act subservient against his basic nature. He sat on a short stool near the wall, avoiding the chairs at the table and took a nibble of oatmeal and sip of coffee.
“Just Chris.  No sir, no mister.”
“Thank you, Chrisji.  This is most excellent.  The coffee is reminding me of South India.”  He took another sip, eyes darting outside, then around the room, scanning the perimeter.
Chris noticed the image of a crude skull tattooed on the back of the man’s left hand as he lifted the cup.  He remembered the Hindu origins of the word “assassin” and paranoia returned like a begging dog.
The door to Swann’s dome opened and she swept into the room wearing a caftan-like garment patched together of different shades of green cloth, a piece of moving forest.    
“Good morning,” Chris said.  “You have a visitor.”
Swann’s eyes fixed on the small man standing beside the table and she drew herself to full height, placing palms together.  “Na-mas-te.”  She wrung each syllable from the word, head inclined in a slow motion head butt.
“Namaste, memsa’b. I am happy to meet you at last.  You are receiving Mr. Malhotra’s emails informing you of my coming?”
“Yes, yes, but I didn’t know your arrival date,” Swann said.  “Our electricity is out for the moment.  Sit, sit.  I’m so glad you’re here.  So you are the yogi Mr. Malhotra spoke of—the man with the gift.”
“Sorry, Swannji.  I am no yogi, and I have brought no gift,” He looked regretful. And not.  “I am a simple cook.”
“Did you say a cook?”  The residual sense of danger and suspicion abandoned Chris like a spirit achieving enlightenment, shucking earthly form.
* * *
Chris sat at the table, leg and foot wagging with nervous energy as Swann expounded upon the art of detecting subtle shifts in an animal’s aura and the need to educate owners too thick to interact with the deeper emotional needs of their pets.  All over the world, she said, atrocities were committed in the name of love.  Atrocities which they could prevent.  Binny nodded his head and said “acha,” and “yes, memsa’b” at appropriate intervals.   
Cannon entered the main dome.  Chris noticed how his father travelled hand-over-hand across the furniture in a horizontal climb through the room.  The introductions hardly caused a hesitation in Swann’s flood of instruction and social commentary.  Cannon took a seat at the table opposite Chris, facing Binny.  
A quizzical expression arrived on Binny’s face.  
“I sense you have a question,” Swann said.
“Yes, Swannji.  Mr. Malhotra has instructed me that we must have reliable electronic emailing.  He is wrongly assuming that Americans all have electricity?”
“Generally, we all have email and electricity,” Chris said.  “But we have a problem with our windmill.” He chose not to further explain that Squatch Hill resided off the grid, kept dark by a vandal with a rifle.  
“Our crack engineering staff is unable to fix the problem,” Cannon added, looking at Chris.
“Perhaps I can be of assistance,” Binny said. “I am having some mechanical abilities.”  He looked eager to get up off the stool.
“All it requires is somebody who isn’t terrified of heights.”  Cannon looked at Chris again.
“No,” Chris said.  “It wouldn’t be right to ask our guest to go up that tower.  It’s dangerous.”  The chance that they might re-gain electricity glittered like the city of Oz in the distance, but it might be inauspicious for Mr. Malhotra’s emissary to be shot off a tower on his first day.
“I am insisting,” Binny said.  “My orders are to do whatever may be necessary.”
The demur Binny again flickered out of character, more man of action than poodle conversationalist. Perhaps the lingering effect of the breakfast made Chris hypersensitive.  Perhaps some transference had occurred from his own fantasies of breaking down the door to Swann’s room in search of food.  
 “I will be fixing this windmill after I wash up,” Binny said.  “And tonight, I am cooking a proper curry.  In celebration.”  He produced a boyish smile, showing off the fawn innocence of his eyes.
Chris held his breath.  It seemed inevitable that Swann would prohibit real food for one or more reasons: the impoliteness of allowing a guest to cook, the incompatibility of curry with arbitrary diet restrictions, the general principle that all those who lived here—herself excepted—should slowly starve.
“That would be lovely,” Swann said.
* * *
Binny refused the safety harness.  “This is not a problem,” he said, looking to the top of the windmill exactly once and scampering skyward, the wrench tucked into the waistband of his jeans.  
Binny leaned out from the ladder with one foot hooked to a rung for support and engaged the coupling nuts.  Chris turned to Cannon.  “Are you insane? What if the sniper gets him?”  
Cannon grinned.  “I doubt Mr. Binnyji sa’b scares easily.  Too bad your brother isn’t here—they could have raced like a couple of squirrels up a tree trunk.”
Chris said nothing further, stung by Binny’s easy usurpation of his role as savior.  The promise of electricity and food helped ease the pain. 
The coupling bolted back together in no time and Cannon yelled for Binny to pull a lever.  The blades of the wind turbine began to turn in the gentle breeze, producing a thoop, thoop, thoop within their cowling, smoothing to a steady whoosh.  Cannon hobbled toward the house as Binny placed the arches of his feet against the vertical rails of the ladder, sliding down five rungs at a time, each freefall and lurch producing a tightening in Chris’s chest.  Binny alighted from the ladder as casually as if stepping off an escalator.
“Great job.  Thank you so much.”  Chris awkwardly patted Binny on the shoulder.  The small man looked at Chris with a surprised expression, as if unused to appreciation.
The lights in the dome shone like constellations in the night sky. 
* * *
“I hope you are liking spicy food.” Binny brought serving dishes from the oven and dashed back to the stovetop to manufacture more chapatis, daubing the flat tortilla-like rounds against the griddle with a moist kitchen towel until they puffed to small geodesic domes, only to collapse in upon themselves as their steam escaped.  Chris found it excruciating to wait at the table before the bowls of aromatic food.  
That afternoon, Swann had driven Chris’s van to the grocery store for provisions.  The vehicle returned scraping its undercarriage over ruts, laden with all manner of groceries, from cereal to milk to meat.  Even bacon.  
A platter of biryani sat on the table, a shield of rice bejeweled with nuts, raisins and savory nuggets of lamb, garnished with onion slivers fried to chestnut limpness.  The perfume of butter chicken triggered Chris’s saliva glands so violently that he could hardly swallow fast enough.  Cumin and cardamom scented a platter of vegetable curry with cauliflower, potatoes and peas.  
“Please, eat,” Binny said.  “This food is not being good when cold.”  He stood at the stove making a second tower of chapattis, fingers flying.
Chris stuffed rice and bread and curry into his face at an alarming rate, mouth singing with flavor and chilies.  He began to sweat as if he’d been twenty minutes in a sauna, the spices turning his blood to steam.
“This is fabulous, Binny.” Swann ate in traditional Indian style with her right hand and no silverware, mashing rice and curry into a cone of torn chapatti. “Better than anything I’ve had in India.  Genius.”
“Memsa’b, you are too kind.  This is simple food only.”
“Sit,” Cannon said.  “Tell us about yourself.”  There had been no mention of algae-colored smoothies and Cannon had piled his plate high.  
Binny sat on the three-legged stool instead of a chair, making him the height of a child.  He spooned small portions onto his plate, in no hurry.  “There is nothing to tell, Cannonji. I am a simple man.” 
“No such thing.  Tell us about your little friend.”  Cannon motioned with his fork to the death’s head tattoo on the back of Binny’s hand.  “Odd ornament for an animal psychic.”
Binny dropped the offending hand below the edge of the table.  After a moment, he returned it to the stained red-checked tablecloth, fingers spread, looking at it as if the crude symbol had embroidered itself there by surprise.  The design had all the subtlety of a plague victim’s headstone.  “A tradition of my regiment.  Not avoidable.”
“Ghurka?” Cannon said.  
“Yes,” Binny said. “How are you knowing this?”
“I’ve been around.  Were you a cook?  Or something a little more in the line of fire?”  
 “A cook, yes,” Binny said.  “But I have always wished to be working with animals.  My family raised cows and yaks near a hill station.  We were too poor to be landowners.  As a boy I am spending much time talking to the animals as my friends.  My herds are always producing more milk and meat than any other.  The landowners are seeing this and sending off my family from the pastures saying ‘why should I not have the best producing herds?’  Eventually, I am joining the army, like my father.  Afterward, I am working for Mr. Malhotra.”
“And what do you do for Mr. Malhotra, exactly?”  Cannon said.  
“Cannon Bly,” Swann said.  “This is rude and you can stop right now.  Let the poor man eat.  We owe him thanks for the feast, and the light to see it by.”  She swept a hand towards the twinkling points of light like Moses revealing the Promised Land.  
Chris remembered Cannon telling him about his lighting system, which used fiber optics and reflectors to amplify and distribute light from a few sources.  Revolutionary efficiency, change the world, the usual.  Chris meant to get an explanation on how one little windmill could supply that much power.
“For Mr. Malhotra, I am a cook.  But he knows of my ability with animals because of his dogs.  So he is giving me this chance to come abroad and learn the therapy of your pets. I am hoping to be okay for this, though my experience is with animals who give milk.”
Cannon smiled.  “Well you’re lucky, because that covers a lot of ground—cats and dogs, bats, and most importantly, women.  If you can get along with all of those, you’ve got it pretty well covered. You’re obviously a very capable guy.”
“Bats?”  Binny looked Cannon in the eye, but not in a shy or deferential way.  More a sizing up.
A renewed tingle of suspicion and danger did not stop Chris from continuing to eat.  
First Cannon and then Swann pushed their plates back. Binny piled rice and curry onto the side of his knife with the back of a fork.  “I am holding you at table,” Binny said.  “Please, do not wait for me.”
Cannon made a move to stand, stepping out from the chair and putting his weight on its back.  
“Don’t be silly.” Swann picked up her plate by its edge using thumb and forefinger and held it high over the floor to her side.  “Cannon, sit down.  I’d like to make a toast.”
Chris searched for his glass of lassi, empty except for yogurt froth.  Cannon collapsed more than sat in his seat and grasped a water glass.
“Put those down,” she said.  “This marks the beginning of a great endeavor, one that will benefit animals worldwide.”
“My dear,” Cannon said.  “You know I have a fondness for beginnings, but why the hell are you holding that plate?”
“It is the Hindu tradition to name Ganesha, the elephant-headed son of Shiva, at the beginning of an endeavor, then commit a mistake, since perfection is the province of the Gods.  Sri Ganesha nama.”  She tossed the plate ceilingward where it executed a set of lazy flips on its path to the hardwood floor, where it shattered, scattering bits of crockery, rice and curry gravy in all directions.
Cannon shrugged.  “I hardly think gods need to be concerned about human perfection, but what the hell. Beats washing them.”  He dumped his silverware onto the table and tossed his own plate over his shoulder, where it shattered with a crash.
Chris wondered if they had any more crockery than the chipped and cracked inventory now on the table and the floor, but agreed that this meal should be celebrated.  He rescued a torn chapatti from his bread plate before tipping it off the edge of the table.  He required the dinner plate for thirds.
Binny watched with an expression of concern.  “I am not familiar with this practice.”
“I’m not surprised,” Cannon said. “And there’s no hurry, but when you’re done with your dinner, could you two gentlemen carry me to my bedroom?  I can’t seem to feel my damned legs.”



Chapter 14—Dirt Simple
The next morning, Chris parked himself in the recliner in the front room beside one of the few electrical outlets to work on the proposal for the Bigfoot Museum and Cave Tour website. He’d written and given presentations to thousands of people, assembled proposals with millions of dollars at stake.  Explaining a simple web site to a crusty old logger should be easy as falling out of a tree. A no-brainer.     
The initial draft spanned ten single-spaced pages with three levels of indented headings, bullet points and footnotes.  Version 2.0 added an executive summary, a glossary and a FAQ.  V 3.0 moved in the direction of simplicity, everything beyond the executive summary moved to a set of appendices with hyperlinks, a table of contents and plenty of whitespace, inflating the document to thirty sclerotic pages.  He wondered why this was so difficult, suspecting a sudden onslaught of obsessive-compulsive perfectionism.  He wrote late into the night; the harder he worked, the worse the product.  He dreamed in graphs.  Version 4.0, begun at five-fifteen AM, converted the whole mess to presentation slides, with embedded spreadsheet-driven graphics demonstrating the relationships between variables and planning assumptions.  By noon. animated 3-D graphics brought the laptop to a crawl and he’d scrapped the presentation.  Failure advanced like gangrene.    
After lunch (leftover curry and rice—delicious), Swann and Binny returned from the city with three neurotic Frankendogs assembled from the spare parts of other breeds.  Swann named them for famous monsters.  Grendel, the smallest and most aggressive, looked like a mix of Yorkie and Pit Bull, possibly crossed with badger.  He possessed a pistol shot bark, frequently discharged.  Caliban mixed the size, growl and slobber of a Great Dane with the evil eyes of a Doberman.  Chupa—short for Chupacabra—demonstrated traits of both Rottweiler and Airedale, covered in a long, curly coat except for a bald patch between the shoulder blades.  The two others picked on Chupa, who stopped barking only to whimper. 
The animals barked, chased each other, growled, whined, knocked over lamps, chewed furniture.  They circled the recliner, Chris’s refuge, imitating the behavior of wolves shopping for dinner.  Chris held still, as instructed by Swann and tried to ignore them.    
Cannon swore that he was perfectly fine, that his legs had gone to sleep the previous night because he’d sat too long on a hard chair.  “I’ll be fine in a few days.”  He refused to demonstrate any ability to walk, swearing at the dogs and vowing not to re-enter the main dome as long as they remained.  
***
On the second full day of electricity, Trillium marched through the front door.  She wore plaid pants and a flowered shirt buttoned to the top and tucked in, prim as a Catholic schoolgirl.  She did not appear to have been crying.  “Something told me Dad is having problems,” she said.  “I’m here to take care of him.”  
“That’s—excellent,” Chris said.  He wondered how she knew, but decided not to press the point.  
She disappeared into Cannon’s room, returning to fetch various requested items from the main dome, the marauding dogs greeting her with tails wagging and noses up to be petted while they took turns snarling at Chris. He caught sight of SkyFish lurking outside and waved for him to come in, but the boy disappeared. 
“What are you working on?” Trillium asked on a trip to the kitchen.
“A proposal to build a website for the Cave Tour.  Maybe it will make peace between the families.”
“Help you make it with Willa, you mean.  What a nice idea.  What’s a web site?”
It occurred to Chris that the proposal he had so much trouble distilling to clarity would need to be simple.  Dirt simple.
* * *
Swann happened to be in the kitchen at eleven-thirty in the evening, browsing among leftover tandoori chicken and chickpea curry.  Trillium had returned to the tree house hours before and Binny retired to the barn to bed down with the dogs.  Chris printed out version 12.0 of the proposal on the ancient dot matrix pin fed printer, the whine of the print head bouncing off the walls.  He’d boiled it down to three paragraphs, double-spaced.  
“Where do you keep the envelopes and stamps?” Chris asked.
“We may have some envelopes, but no stamps,” Swann said. “Your father views snail mail as anachronistic.  We don’t use it.”
He did not sleep that night.  Lying in bed his twin demons, Doubt and Depression, visited him like the ghosts in a fifth grade production of A Christmas Carol.  Doubt expressed his absolute certainty that Chris wasn’t up to the task at hand.  Depression took over, assuring him that things could—and would—always get worse.  At three forty-two AM, D&D debated like college roomates who refuse to quit before the keg is dry.  
In the morning, he would have to deliver the letter by hand.  
* * *
Chris rose before six, grabbed coffee and slipped out the door into a beautiful sunlit morning, upping the gain on the splitting headache and nausea left as D&D’s as calling cards.  
Barking startled him half to death as he passed the barn.  Binny stood in the open doorway nursing a steaming cup of tea.  The dogs barked with an enthusiasm that suggested they were in favor of tearing Chris apart for breakfast, but remained restrained in the barn as if by an electric fence.  Binny waved, solemn as an undertaker.  Chris raised his hand and found the envelope crumpled there.  
He made for the access road, deciding to take the longer route to the highway instead of through the ravine, hoping the walk and morning air might get his head straight. Rutted trenches of solidified mud made the footing treacherous.  He cleared the crest of the ridge to look down on a blanket of hospital-white fog tucked into the corners of the valley.  “Are you sure you want to do this?” he asked aloud, wondering about his own mental stability.  He thought of Willa sitting on the rock table.  “Yes,” he said.
Fog submerged ankles, thighs, and torso as he descended the hill.  Trees melted on either side of the road, dew licking his face.  
Twenty minutes later, Chris stumbled onto the pavement of the main road, still enveloped in fog.  He turned left, walking until he found the gravel of the Foot’s driveway, wading in a ten-foot bubble of visibility.   A swirl of wings, arms, talons and beaks clawed their way out of the fog—the army of chainsaw sculptures.  
He pictured the mailbox, big as a suitcase, set atop a rock tower cemented together like a small mountain and positioned—where?  By the woodpile at the side of the store.  He walked with short steps, arms extended, a deep-sea diver through opaque currents without reference points.  The slow crunch of gravel transmitted itself up through his feet and legs, obliterating all other sound.
Instead of a mailbox, Harmon Doyle loomed out of the fog, dressed in a logger jacket over flannel pajamas, a maul axe an extension of his one good arm.  The axe came down, former halves of a round of wood clinked, axe head embedded in the stump that served as a splitting platform.
“Shit.” Chris stood rooted and aware he’d nearly peed his jeans.  
Harmon jumped sideways into a crouch, peering through cotton candy fog.  “Who the hell is that?”  He saw Chris and straightened. 
“You about scared the crap out of me,” he said in a voice with the smoothness of a chainsaw.  “A second earlier and I woulda split you down the middle.”  He jerked the axe from its bite and wagging it in Chris’s direction.  “What the hell do you want this time of the morning?” 
Chris envisioned himself as severed arms, legs and torso, stacked like cordwood.  “I’m delivering this.” He held the letter by it’s edges as a shield.  
“A letter?  What’s it say?”
He hadn’t anticipated either conversation or sudden death.  “It’s a business proposition.” His teeth chattered with fear, cold or both until he clenched his jaws.  
Harmon propped the butt of the axe on the ground, leaning on it like a pirate imitating a gentleman with a cane.  “I’m listening.”
Chris extended the envelope at arm’s length, but could not bring himself to walk forward.  
Harmon appeared to relax—perhaps a ploy to lure the despoiler of his daughter within range of the axe. He pointed to the piece of paper with his rusted claw.  “Suppose you just tell me what’s in there.”  
Chris disgorged a jumbled stream words like search engine optimization, local buzz, media tie-ins and mindshare.  A World Class Destination for Cryptozoology.  A roadside attraction on par with Wall Drug, the Trees of Mystery and the Oregon Vortex, with cross-promotional potential.  He recited facts and assumptions from deleted appendices and spreadsheets and then realized he’d better explain the World Wide Web, just in case.  His mind scrambled for coherent sentences.
Harmon held up his claw.  “I know what a website is.  What do you take me for?  Some kind of idiot?”
Chris swallowed.  “Anyone with an interest in Sasquatch, all over the world, will know you’re here and some will come to have a look.”  
“If you build it, they will come, huh?”  Harmon scowled. “You don’t understand a goddamned thing, do you?”  He gestured into the woods with the axe.  “You and me are going for a walk over thataway.”  He lurched into the fog in a rolling stumble of boot scrapes, jerky limbs and flapping laces. 
Chris felt ambivalent about walking into the forest with a man carrying an axe and a longtime grudge.  A puff of wind swirled the fog where the chainsaw art sculptures formed a legion of eagles and bears and little monsters, frozen in movement.  Willa’s work.    He plunged ahead through the curtain of white.  
They passed the back of the store, skirting the carving yard’s blocks of cedar and drifts of coarse sawdust.  He followed uphill along the creek toward the Bly property, out of the clearcut and into the woods.  The old man did not break stride across a log bridge slick with green moss, dew and tracks of slug slime.  Chris hesitated, almost slipping into the creek ten feet below.  He ran in the direction where Harmon disappeared at the edge of the old growth.  
Harmon stood beside a four foot thick Douglas fir lying like an unused structural member at a giant construction site.  Similar vertical trunks surrounded them, dissolving overhead.  Harmon raised his axe and brought it down into the bark of the fallen tree, the impact rippling through fog like a gunshot originating elsewhere.  
“You’re Cannon Bly’s boy,” Harmon said.  “The one Willa’s sweet on.”
Perhaps Harmon was disoriented about the current year.  Or didn’t remember the cave.  Or hadn’t remembered it yet, a ticking time bomb of potential recollection.  The phrase “the one Willa’s sweet on” rooted him to the spot.  
“Welcome aboard, Mr. Christian.”  Harmon saluted with his hook and chuckled. 
Chris did not salute back, determined to die with some dignity. 
Harmon assessed him.  “You have no earthy idea how I lost this, do you?”  He held the rusty hook between them, shoving back the sleeve to show the base where a dirty plastic sleeve cupped the stump.
 “No idea.” As kids, both Doyle and Bly offspring devised legends concerning the mystery of The Missing Hand.  The most popular versions involved a fight with Bigfoot, resulting in the beast biting off the hand, swallowing it bones and all.  One variation had Harmon pinned under a tree, amputating the appendage himself with a chainsaw in order to continue the battle with Bigfoot (Willa’s version).  Another account had him absent-mindedly extending his arm from the window of his logging truck, the mirror of a semi traveling in the opposite direction whacking it clean off, to the horror of passing motorists—Chris felt ashamed to admit authorship.  Some renditions involved aliens (Randy) or Harmon stuck in snow, gnawing off the frozen hand with his own teeth (Trent).  Or mysterious bacteria reducing the arm to a stump in Harmon’s sleep (Trillium).  At a certain point, speculation ceased, the mystery accepted as permanent.  Chris supposed the real circumstances involved a simple chainsaw accident. 
“Bigfoot took my hand.”  Harmon smacked his hook on the bark of the fallen tree, the tines rattling like castanets.  “It happened right here while I was rustling this stick of fir.  Back then I had my own gyppo truck operation, hauling for the mills.  I’d borrow a few pieces of timber where they weren’t noticed, skid the sections out of tight spots with a team of draft horses borrowed from this old farmer down in the flats the way the old guys used to.  Your daddy owned this property, but he hadn’t built those godawful mushroom huts yet, so he mostly spent his time in the city.  He didn’t need the board feet and I did.  At the time, I failed to see why he would buy up this big piece of land and do fuckall with it, like a tourist.”  Harmon had settled into a reflective storyteller’s voice, like a death row prisoner reading nursery rhymes to a kindergarten class.
“I had this lumber notched and starting to fall when Baby Bigfoot pops up from back there in the brush, shrieking like I’m killing its mother.  Right then my saw chain breaks and damn near cuts my hand right off at the wrist.”
Chris involuntarily ringed his own wrist at the joint with the thumb and middle finger of the opposite hand.  
“Hell,” Harmon said.  “It must have been a comedy.  Me standing there gawking at Bigfoot, him terrified, that monster tree tearing a piece out of the sky, air all dust and moss and branches.  A huge racket, with the draft horses tethered over there going nuts.  A miracle this tree didn’t drive us both into the ground like tent pegs.  I still stood when the lumber hit dirt, blood firehosin out of the end of my arm.  I sat right down like I decided to wait for a bus.”  He pointed to a spot on the blanket of needles where saplings poked through the humus.  The woods echoed with birdsong.
“I knew I was gonna bleed out, so I took off my belt and started in on a tourniquet.  You ever try to make a tourniquet with one hand while you’re busy bleeding to death?”  
Chris shook his head, indicating he had not yet mastered that particular skill.
“Harder than you might think.  I passed out.  Came to with Bigfoot leading that team of horses to the road dragging me behind on the ground by my braces, my coat and a mess of branches underneath for a skid, with the belt cinched around my arm.  The horses got me home and Bigfoot disappeared in the excitement.  Nobody seen him except me.”  
Chris had no doubt that Harmon believed this.  He believed it himself.  “What did he look like? Bigfoot?”
“Shorter than they say, a young one.  Monkey-like, but with eyes like a human boy.  Intelligent.  You could see that.” Harmon didn’t sound sad or angry or even upset over the loss of his hand, almost grateful to have the tale in fair trade.
“Wow.  That’s a great story.”
“That’s no goddamned story.  It’s a set of facts.  Bigfoot saved my goddamned life and I’m not telling you this for your entertainment.”
“Okay, sorry.  Why are you telling me this?”
“It was your Dad and Betty’s idea to build out the Bigfoot cave and make a tour out of it.  I never agreed.”
Chris was busy thinking about how to feature the encounter in a web page. “It’s an excellent”—he stopped himself from saying story—  “Account.  Really compelling.  Don’t you want people to know?”
“Compelling?”  Harmon said.  “Account?  You bet your pampered ass it’s a compelling account.  We couldn’t make it through a winter without the income from that tour, but I hate lying about it.  One of them saved my life. I owe them something.  Have I got to draw you a picture?”  Harmon Doyle did not look happy.  
“So that means you don’t want my help?”  Chris said.   
“No,” Harmon said.  He looked like a man making a difficult decision.  “That’s not what I mean at all.  What I’m saying is you show some proper respect for the Bigfoot tribe.  They’re people you know, not animals.  Intelligent as you or me and maybe more so because they’re smart enough to stay hid.  You’ll have to work the details of your website out with Betty, because she runs things in the Doyle family.  Old Cannon and I aren’t that different that way.”
The old man slumped on the enormous log as if about to go to sleep on the spot, an impression supported by his pajamas.  Chris looked at the stump of the tree, half-expecting to find a severed hand, and felt a curious kinship for Harmon in shared failure.  He looked at his own hand, which still held the half-crumpled letter.  “Here,” he said, holding it out to Harmon.
Harmon Doyle extended his claw.  The edge of the letter slid between the two discolored tines of the hook.  “I’ll pass this on to Betty,” Harmon said.  “She’ll get back to you.”



Chapter 15—Sudden Decompression
Chris worked on his laptop for four solid days after his stroll in the woods, ensconced in the recliner at the center of the main dome, still the only place to plug in the laptop’s power adapter and catch a one-bar Wi-Fi signal.  Natural illumination shone through the muck on the skylights, dappling everything with abstract patterns.  
Hoping Betty Doyle would jump at his offer, he laid out a website, wrote copy, shopped photos, devised business plans and forged hyperlinks until the Bigfoot Museum and Cave Tour looked better than religion, alchemy, or the afterlife; a shimmering alternate reality of bits and pixels.    
He wished he could work away from commotion and traffic, but the dome held no corners. Trillium spent her days caring for Cannon like an intensive care patient, heating soup he consumed and tea he did not, endlessly searching for pillows.  Every couple of hours Grendel, the Yorkie/Pit Bull leader of the pack, crowbarred open the unlatched door to the main house with his muzzle and the dogs exploded like a string of traveling firecrackers, invading the main living space in a tide of havoc.  Swann had proclaimed Squatch Hill a free-range dog sanctuary to allow the animals the chance to “decompress.” The place began to smell of dog pee.  
At ten AM on the fourth day, the dogs entered the main dome once again.  Chris sighed.  
Grendel jumped onto the recliner, parking his clawed hind feet in the area of Chris’s genitals.  A sharp-fanged muzzle growled inches away and filled the atmosphere with dog breath.  He was still uncertain whether the dogs might tear him apart if he made a wrong move.   Hulking Caliban, in touch with his Doberman heritage, growled to one side of the chair.  Chupa lurked on the opposite side, whimpering, ropes of Rottweiler drool dangling from his chops.
Chris shifted his weight in an attempt to move Grendel’s hind feet off his nuts.  The growl intensified, causing him to reflect on the plan for the Bigfoot Museum and Cave Tour.  Like Grendel, the attraction suffered from smallness and bad hygiene.  It lacked rides for the kids and multimedia displays of Bigfoot rambling through the woods.  Children could not have their pictures taken with a friendly furry forest-dwelling myth.  
He snaked his free hand around the side of the small dog and moved its legs off his testicles.  Grendel nipped at his hand, but did not break the skin.  “Nice doggy,” Chris said.  The dog bared its teeth and growled, causing the chair to vibrate and the air to become unbreathable.   
A noise came from the direction of the front door, launching Grendel off his chest in a flurry of scurrying claws and explosive barks.  
Trent stood in the open doorway in a black thermal shirt and stocking cap, looking much older than when they saw each other a little more than a week before, in what now seemed like a different life.  The dogs confronted Trent, barking as if intent on tearing him apart.  SkyFish peeked from behind his hip.
 “SSSSSSSSSSILENCE,” Trent commanded, raising one hand.  The dogs switched off for several beats before exploding again in fusillades aimed at Trent, then Chris, then back again.  
“SSSSSSSIT!”  Trent pointed to the floor.  Caliban and Chupa sat, looking uncertainly to Grendel, who still barked.  Trent growled and pointed to the center of the earth.  Grendel sat.  
Chris felt joy and relief at the simultaneous arrival of his younger brother and the silencing of the dogs.  He pressed down on the footrest of the recliner, catapulting forward onto wobbly legs.  The dogs skittered sideways, yelping, afraid to turn their backs on Trent.  
“Wow that was great,” Chris said. “Welcome home.”  
“What are you doing here?” Trent blinked at Chris and did not appear pleased.
“I promised I’d come visit.”
“Yeah.” Trent blinked. “But that was bullshit.”  
“Yes,” Chris said. “But I changed my mind.  By the way, Swann doesn’t want us interacting with the dogs.  They’re decompressing.” 
“They can decompress outside.”  Trent stepped to the side of the doorway, tucking SkyFish behind like an errant shadow, eyes never breaking contact with Grendel, pointing through the open door. “OUT.”
Grendel led the other two outside with a volley of barks and snarls, skittering sideways to fend off a potential flank attack. Trent shut the door.  
“You’ve got to show them who’s boss,” Trent said to SkyFish, looking up into his father’s face, nodding. “Establish leadership before things get out of control.”  Trent turned to Chris. “Hey, brother, good to see you.”  He smiled a high wattage smile and extended his hand.
Chris took Trent’s grip, unprepared for the finger-crushing clamp and the  embrace that flattened his lungs and tested the tensile strength of his ribs.  Trent pounded Chris on the back three times before releasing him, vanquished.  
“Dad’s taken a turn for the worse,” Chris said, gasping.  Trillium was in the dome with Cannon and he had the odd sensation of being caught trespassing.  “When did you get back?”
“Just now.”  Trent prowled the dome, passing the ring of doors to the satellite domes and sniffing the air.  “My scout here told me about Dad.”  He motioned to a beaming SkyFish. “I hear my wife’s services are required.”  
Chris remembered Trillium’s gray tooth, her delight at being back in the dome, and his father’s warning about Trent’s shady activities.  And his own assignment to help.  Whatever had transpired between Trent, Trillium and the rest of the world, Chris felt glad to see his younger brother, whom he had always sought to protect—however little his protection might be required.  
Trent continued his slow prowl around the dome.  “Smells like dog pee.  And curry.  Somebody cooking Indian these days?”
“That would be Binny,” Chris said.  “Here to help out Swann with her business.  He happens to be a fantastic cook.  Hey, didn’t you have an Indian business partner in that jewelry business?”
“Yes,” Trent flashed a phony, defiant sort of grin.  
The door leading to Swann’s dome swung open and out she came in a gown straight out of a Renaissance Faire, half an acre of red satiny fabric trimmed with lace, the bodice laced together with string.  Chris saw Binny hanging back in the passageway, hidden in Swann’s wake.  Trent backed behind the door, not visible to Swann or Binny.  Chris had the sense of impending violence, though he had no idea why.  
“Chris, you know perfectly well not to yell at the dogs.” Swann looked around, then in the direction of the barking in the distance.  “My god, you’ve let them outside.  This process is hard enough without sabotage.”
“I let them out,” Trent said, stepping into view.
“Hello, Trent,” Swann said, crossing her arms.  “You’re back early.” 
“The star came down with mono,” Trent said.  “Or so they said.  Shooting is postponed.  Where’s my dear wife?  I’ve missed her every minute.” 
Swann’s eyes narrowed.  “With your father. I’ll go warn her.”  Swann shouldered aside the broken door to Cannon’s passageway as if it were papier-mâché.   
Binny stood in the doorway, facing Trent.
“So,” Trent said.  “You must be the guy sent here to make Swann rich.  Namaskar to that.”  Trent put his palms together and tipped the brow of his head forward.  
Binny smiled pleasantly, put his palms together, and bowed without breaking eye contact.  
“I’ve had some exposure to your culture,” Trent said.  “Love the food.”
“Perhaps I can be cooking for you tonight, sa’b?”  Binny’s words sounded deferential, like the moment in a Kung Fu movie where the combatants banter pleasantries before all hell breaks loose.  
Trent glanced at SkyFish standing by the door saying nothing, bow slung over his shoulder, his quiver of arrows peeking out beside his head.  “No thanks.  I’ll be dining at home tonight with my family.”
“Why don’t you at least come in and have some coffee?” Chris said.  “Tell us about the movie.”
“Maybe tomorrow,” Trent said, eyes never leaving Binny.  “You know, if you want to learn how to talk dog, I can teach you a few things myself.”
“Mems’ab Swann is the guru,” Binny said. “I am learning massive amounts.”
“Sure you are,” Trent replied.
Chris felt like he was missing something, but at that moment Trillium came around the partially opened door to Cannon’s passageway.  She wore a blanket draped over her shoulders.  “Hi there,” she said, stopping and glancing up from the floor.
Trent’s smiled full force.  “Hey there, Sweetie.”  Trent opened his arms wide.  “Don’t I get a hug?”
She transacted the space with her head down, like a prisoner crossing a bridge in a Cold War exchange, certain of receiving more strenuous interrogation at home than in the camp of the enemy.  
 “Are you cold?” Trent said, arranging the blanket on her shoulders and enveloping her in his arms.  “You’re never cold.”
Trillium huddled under the blanket and Trent’s arm.  “I can’t seem to stay warm here without you.” 
“Ahh.  I’ll take care of that,” Trent said.  “We’ll be at the tree house, and you’re all welcome to visit—but not today.  I’m in need of a little decompression time myself.  The big city is a crazy place.”  Trent looked at Binny.
The pack of three left, Trillium still wrapped in the blanket with Trent’s arm around her shoulders, SkyFish following behind.  “See you later, gentlemen,” Trent said.
A moment later, Cannon stood at the entrance to his passageway, leaning against the doorframe.  
“Trent’s back,” Chris said.  “You just missed him.  It’s great to see you walking again.”



Chapter 16—The Blind Sisters
A sense of solitary abandonment settled into the decaying buildings.  Squatch Hill felt like a ghost town, even more deserted for the crowd that had briefly occupied it the day previous.  Cannon remained in his room—working, he said.  Trillium’s absence created a vacuum.  Chris missed the interruptions and thought about Trent’s little family in the tree house, newly re-united.  He couldn’t help believing they must be happy in some way, wanting to hold onto the image painted by Trent of paradise in the wild.
Chris had begun to expect that Betty Doyle would never get back to him, but he continued work on the website anyway.  He hacked together a picture from an old sepia photograph of a logger with an early chainsaw bringing down a gigantic cedar, combined it with an image of Bigfoot scavenged from the Sasquatch Education and Rescue Foundation (SERF) website.  Together, they formed an illustration for the account of how Harmon lost his hand, written out below the picture as if there’d been a photographer and reporter on the scene.   There was little chance that Harmon would approve this approach, but he hoped his work wouldn’t disappear without a trace like Bigfoot retreating into the forest.  
Swann and Binny spent the day working with the dogs in the scrub woods beyond the house, Swann in a gingham dress straight out of Little House on the Prairie, pointing the way across the mountains for some horribly lost wagon train.  Sweeping gestures underscored her exposition on the proper way to focus the powers of the universe on the three fur clad meteors streaking through the forest throwing off flecks of slobber.  She seemed to have an uncanny ability to communicate with the animals, who periodically crowded around her as if she were the Goddess of Canines.  
Binny stood in imitation of Swann, fingers to his temples as the dogs hurtled past in random orbits, chasing each other, nipping at his pant legs, urinating on ferns and stumps, barking and whimpering.  The Ghurka remained outwardly impassive, but frustration broadcast from him like a radio beacon. Chris couldn’t think why he’d ever supposed Swann’s business might actually work.  
That evening, Binny cooked a simple dinner of curried chickpeas and rice.  Swann appeared dejected with the lack of progress, and there was little conversation at the table.  “Let me do the dishes,” Chris said. This time, Binny raised no objection.
All the dishware in the house fit into one small pile on the counter next to the sink.  Each plate, bowl and mug had been scarred and cracked, marked by decades of battle, their diminished numbers woefully inadequate to support the unusual circumstance of regular meal service.  
During the construction of the domes, Cannon had purchased boxes of cheap crockery from a restaurant supply store to avoid having to do dishes at the end of a long workday.  For a while, they collected plates, cups and bowls in apple crates and sprayed them with Cannon’s specially formulated “pre-wash”— part sugar water (harnessing insect action to consume organic material), part detergent, resulting in self-cleaning dishes with the addition of rain.  But armies of insects stuck in a lacquer over a layer of sludge.  The crates of dishes were left behind the house long ago, nobody ever getting around to the washing.       
Chris filled the biggest pots and kettles with water, stoked the stove and  found what was left of the apple crates among the underbrush.  Hours later, the several dozen plates and bowls stacked on the sideboard became crockery again.  His hands itched, skin pruned.  The dome smelled of swampy earth dissolved in tepid water.  Chris felt triumphant.  The towers of plates and bowls and mugs represented his most significant victory in recent memory, a piece of work gone right.  An accomplishment someone might actually use.  
A knock sounded at the front door.  Times had changed at Squatch Hill: people came rapping with a frequency rendering the event almost normal.  The knocking came again.  
“Hold your horses,” he yelled, shoving the huge oak door open on its creaking hinges, soggy dishtowel draped over his shoulder.  
Willa stood outside.  She’d replaced the plaid shirt with a red vintage bowling shirt with the name Wendy Sue embroidered over the pocket.  The shirt set off her hair in a way that suggested she might be about to blush.  The air outside had an unnerving clarity, freshly washed by drizzle earlier in the day, now saturated with evening sunlight.  
“Hi,” she said, stepping back. Resolute.
“Hi.” He snatched the dishtowel from his shoulder, aware of sweat and grease varnishing his face and a streak of black mud on his shirtfront.
Willa crossed her arms, covering the embroidered name. “You spoke to my father.  About the website.”  
“We had a chat.” She seemed more embarrassed than hostile.  He noticed she smelled of lavender soap and resolved to say as little as possible to see if he could stay out of trouble.  Smile and hope for the best.
“I’m not sure what my father told you,” she said.  “He’s a little incoherent sometimes.   He brought your letter home and gave it to Mom.  She wants me to make sure that you’re offering to do the work for free.” 
“Maybe you could pay me in Footburgers,” Chris said. “Without bugs.”  
She looked at her feet and began to blush, color pooling at her collarbone, flowing up the stem of her neck like a glass filling with wine.  “Look, I apologize for that. I thought it might ease your conscience.”  She examined the laces of her boots.  “There may have been a bit of revenge involved.  Sorry.”  She was laughing.
“I think we can both stop saying we’re sorry now.” He’d started laughing himself at the absurdity of the situation—Harmon rushing in on them naked, at his own persistent stupidity, at the hamburger revenge.  He watched Willa laugh and blush, and it felt perfect in a self-mocking way.  Symmetrically ridiculous together. 
“Yeah, anyway,” Willa said. “It looks like you’re busy doing dishes.  I guess you can go ahead with the website.  I’ve been arguing with my folks about building one for years, but when somebody else says it, they listen.  Guess it’s because you’re such a big deal.”
“Sorry.” He thought perhaps he should admit to his status as a big deal, but decided not to tip the balance they had so laboriously achieved.
“No more sorry.”
“Right.”  Silence accumulated like rainwater atop a tarp, Willa’s cheeks holding a red tinge mixed with the gold of fading sunlight.  
“Friends, right?” she said.
“Right.”  Friends.  Not the time to argue.
She seemed to decide something.  “Got time for a stroll? I might want to show you something.”  
“Sure.”  He threw the dishtowel inside without regard to where it might land.
* * *
The upper reaches of the Western sky flooded with flat, high altitude light from beyond the horizon, causing a jumble of peaks to cast shadows on the shoulders of their neighbors, sun in full retreat.  They descended Squatch Hill toward the falls and the cave, Willa not so much walking as dancing down the trail, boots barely touching the ground. Chris’s boots caught every rock and root as he trotted to keep up.  “Hurry it up slowpoke,” she tossed back over her shoulder.  “We’re losing the light.”
The funhouse mirror of trees, rock and hillside wheeled past.  He feared her disappearance around every turn, but kept up somehow, following the trail downstream, then away from the creek to a place where the terrain flattened to a broken meadow interspersed with clumps of trees killed by disease, insects or marshy soil.  The dead trees tilted at unhealthy angles, wearing scabs of bark, bare hides silvered by weather and machine-gunned with woodpecker holes.  
They rounded a thicket of brush and Chris found himself inside a ring of dead trees standing at skewed angles, the glen carpeted by clumped meadow grass, spongy with moisture.  Willa stood approximately in the middle of the space, arms crossed, looking strangely vulnerable.  It took him a moment to notice the life-sized figure of a woman carved into one of the trunks.  Then another.  He realized that each tree bore a similar carving, a coven of ghosts materializing in a circle.  
The figures face him, elongated and thin, lifelike and otherworldly, no hint of a chainsaw’s ragged teeth in the wood.  All the carvings portrayed women of different ages: one tall and angular, a gawky awkward adolescent with pocked face and huge glasses.  One with a wrinkled, stooped body following the particular crimp of the trunk.  Girls, women, old ladies.  Details of face, hair and dress flowed into the grain and eddy of natural wood, the figures imprisoned within the trees, souls emerging.  Each regarded him with eyes permanently shut.  
“Holy crap,” he said. “You did all these?”
“Yes. But please don’t feel obligated to share your opinion.  I don’t handle criticism well.”
“But they’re spectacular.”   
“Praise makes me particularly nervous.”  She rubbed her forearms as if cold, eyes closed. 
It struck Chris how much she looked like the sculptures. “They’re all you, aren’t they?  Self portraits?”
“Close enough.”
“I thought maybe you were done with art.”     
She sighed.  “Art isn’t done with me.  They take on a glow in the evening when the sun comes through that gap over there.  That’s what I wanted you to see, but we’re too late.”
“You can’t leave them out here in the weather.  They need a roof or something.  They’ll fall down and rot away. What if the woodpeckers get them? They should be in a museum.”  
“That isn’t a problem you need to solve.  They’ll fall down and rot away like everything does.  Woodpeckers are welcome. Circle of life and all that.”
“Oh yeah.  Art.”  He realized he knew nothing about art and artists. “What exactly happened in New York?”
“Well, that’s a delicate issue,” she said.  “I’m not sure we’re good enough friends for that yet.”
“You tell me your secret,” Chris said. “I’ll tell you mine.”
 She bit her lower lip. “That’s not fair.  But okay.  I was successful.  Shows at the hottest galleries, big sales, commissions.  A certain amount of fame.  All peachy.”
“I was in the computer business,” he said. “I know bullshit.”  
“Right.  Problem was, success sucked.  I liked doing the work, I just didn’t want anyone to see it.  Each piece became a bigger and bigger deal. There was all this pressure to produce some sort of masterpiece—mostly from myself.  I realized that I’m a real bitch about expectations.  It got so I couldn’t work—performance anxiety, panic attacks, chronic self-doubt, that sort of thing.  Artist’s block.  Fear.  I began to self-medicate with alcohol, which started to get out of control.  You know, a glass of wine in the evening turns into the bottle.  And that didn’t work either.  It occurred to me somewhere that critics of chainsaw art tend to be more forgiving.”
“Sounds logical.”
She laughed.  “Yeah.  Logical.  So this is my little resident art therapy AA meeting.  Girls, meet Christian Bly.”  She gestured with open hand.  “They’ve heard all about you.  Don’t expect curtsies.”
He felt self-conscious, exposed to the faces of twelve versions of Willa who knew all about him.  He bowed.  “Hello, my name is Christian Bly.  I used to be successful—and pretty well off. But not anymore.”
“Really?”  She looked surprised and genuinely sympathetic, as if her own dreams had been crushed with his.
“Yep.  Really.  I tried building my own company from scratch.  Complete and utter failure.”  He felt lighter and freshly scrubbed, like one of the plates on the drainboard beside the sink.  Brought in from outside, free of slime for the first time in years.  Chipped but serviceable.  He laughed.
“Crash and burn?”  She starting to laugh too.  And blush.  Enough light to see the red flow up her neck into her cheeks, matching the shade of the bowling shirt.
“Yeah.  Flew right into the ground.”    
The sky relinquished the sun, washing the heavens with a dark blue reserved for old buttons and Japanese woodblock prints.  The ring of trees with imprisoned female spirits took on a tarnished phosphorescence, listening with eyes shut.  
Fifty yards down the ravine a murder of crows gathered in a big maple that had taken root long ago when the forest thinned, the birds convening their evening meeting, squawking complaints, exchanging news of the day, a horrendous racket.  Chris searched for the cantankerous raven from the spar at the fork in the trail, but spotted no smudge misshapen enough.  It made sense his raven would remain a loner.  
He searched for the bird when Willa kissed him.  The meadow grass soaked through their clothes as they tumbled.
* * *
SkyFish watched Aunt Willa and his newfound Uncle Chris in the twilight.  He had witnessed Willa create the circle of spooky women with a chainsaw, an adz, rasps, chisels and gouges and learned a lot about woodworking.  She had worn them smooth over a period of months with sand paper and scrapers.  Sometimes he went to the clearing when he felt he needed company, but today was not one of those days.  
He followed the adults because of his father’s special instructions to keep an eagle eye on comings and goings.  He often went out at night, but had even more reason to wander now.  The tree house filled with an enormous argument, raging since his Dad’s return that morning.  
SkyFish watched the two adults kiss and grope until they sank to the ground, tugging off each other’s clothes.  Yucky stuff that made him want to leave before things went further.  He passed through the shadows, moccasins issuing no footprints or sound.  
This tracking job proved uninteresting, but he had other, more exciting prospects.  The brown man from India presented a greater challenge, creeping though the woods silent as a pine marten on the hunt.  SkyFish could count on detecting him in the vicinity of the tree house almost every night.  



Chapter 17—Bigfoot Walks 
Chris spent much of the next day in the recliner with the laptop making no progress on anything besides daydreams. The mosquito bites on his back seemed to have reactivated some long dormant illness coiled in his brain: Malaria? Encephalitis? Dengue fever?  No.  A biochemical cocktail of hormones lobotomized any facility for productive thought.  A loop memory played from the night before, a blur of groping flesh, urgent mouths and buttons on the bowling shirt below the Wendy Sue level.  Wriggling against the recliner’s scarred surface helped scratch unreachable mosquito bites, activating the itching to greater intensity.  It helped to close his eyes while squirming.  
“What the hell are you grinning at?”
Cannon stood over the chair, eyes rimmed with red, hair disheveled, in a hurry.  I’ve only got two speeds, Cannon liked to say about himself: fast and dead.   Chris shuddered.
“Doesn’t matter.  We need to talk.” Cannon jerked his head towards the door.  “In my office.”
* * *
Cannon occupied the largest of the satellites.  Industrial and scientific junk jammed most of the space—building materials, metal scraps, scale models of siege engines and windmills, an electrical service panel, solar cells, model ships and parts of a hang glider.  Components of windmills cluttered an area around a large industrial fan, though Chris wondered how there could be enough power to run it.  Towers of books on subjects from computer architecture to medieval building techniques threatened avalanche, or lay collapsed in stair-stepped ruin.  A familiar pungent odor hung in the air, refusing identification in the context of his father’s room. 
Cannon took up residence on the disheveled covers of his bed, reclining against piles of pillows, books and stacks of papers.  Lines etched deeply into his face, his neck so thin it looked unable to support his large head.  Chris realized that Cannon had been on his own since Trillium left the day before and felt guilty for leaving him alone, traipsing off to chase Willa when he should be taking care of his father.  “Do you need some company, Dad?  I could work in here.”
“Hell no.  I’m finally making some progress with that girl out of my hair and I’m sick of playing therapist.  You may have noticed she’s not adjusting well to my circumstances.”  Cannon reached over to his work desk, built next to the bed and liberated an ashtray from beneath a stack of paper, placing it on the covers.  It contained what looked like a half-smoked, hand-rolled cigarette.   
“Dad, what the hell are you doing?  You shouldn’t be smoking again.  Especially in bed.”
“Give me a break,” Cannon said.  “It’s dope, not tobacco.  Cancer patients use it all the time.”  A disposable lighter flicked to life.
The joint ignited at the hands of his father.  A doobie, a splif, a number.  A fat yellow bastard.  Ganja.  Tendrils of fire advanced on the paper.  A flaming seed exploded and arched towards the bedclothes, a small meteor, burning a tiny black pit into the sheets alongside other black pits.  “Have some.”  He sucked in while speaking, rendering his voice vaguely mechanical.
Chris shook his head no.  “Dad, cancer patients smoke dope when they’re going through chemo to avoid losing their appetites. You’re not in chemo, though you should be, and your appetite seems to be excellent.  If you want to do this, we need to talk about getting you into treatment.”
The blue smoke Cannon exhaled migrated to the center of the dome to hovered like a ghost. “Told you.  No point.  I just need this to take the edge off the stimulants.  It’s amazing what you can find on the Internet these days—doctors are practically obsolete.”
Chris noticed various pill bottles on the cluttered nightstand. “You’re prescribing your own drugs?” 
“The human body is an electro-chemical machine, and I’ve always done better with machines than people.”  Cannon extended the joint, pinched between thumb and forefinger. “It’s not like medicine is a real science—doctors guess most of the time. And Dr. Bly says you need to have some of this.”    
Chris crossed his arms.
“Oh, come on. You didn’t waste all your time in college studying, did you?”  
Chris shrugged.  He had indeed spent almost all his time in college studying, though he’d smoked his share of weed at Squatch Hill.  At age thirteen, Trent planted marijuana in a clearing chainsawed out of the woods, sneaking off to tend the crop at night.  Chris received a small stash as an honorarium for keeping quiet.  
“Have a toke,” Cannon said, conducting his own words with the joint as a baton.  “Give up all your vices and there’s nothing left to live for.”
A plumb line of smoke ascended toward the ceiling until an odd air current roiled tendrils like Willa setting lose her hair the night before.
“It’s one of my dying wishes, so you can’t refuse. ’C’mon.”  The Cannon Bly of the megawatt smile and irresistible charm reappeared, never more alive than in the act of persuasion. 
Chris tweezed the joint from his father’s fingers, put it to his lips and inhaled.  Caustic gasses hit mucus membranes, triggering a coughing fit, burning smoke bottled in his lungs.
“One of the hard bits of life is when you realize you don’t have much time left,” Cannon said.  “And there are too many damn things left to do.  You have to take care of all the other people and go for the big finish.  Work against deadline with a real drop-dead date.  One minute you’re solving the problems of mankind, the next you’ve got to drive your kids to soccer practice.”
The dope tossed him like a Popsicle stick on a wave and Chris guffawed.  “You never took us to soccer, Dad.  Blys don’t do team sports, remember?”
“Okay, okay.  Bad example.  But you get the point. Slow down with the dope, I need you relaxed, not comatose.  How are you getting along with those projects?”
“Getting along?” The mosquito bites on his back began to itch with fury and it struck Chris that his progress had been monumental, his assignments on the verge of triumph.  Or profound failure. What were they?  Yes.  Bigfoot Cave, pet psychic empire, save Trent.  Nothing about falling in love with Willa.  He realized, holy fuck, he’d fallen in love with Willa.  Again.  Or still.  “Things are progressing really well.”  
“Really well does not cut it,” Cannon said. “Time for your status report.  Talk.”
“I’m a little too stoned for that,” Chris said.
“That’s the point.  Shit makes it harder for you to make shit up.”  
Chris laughed, too stoned to resent his father’s methods and too irrationally happy. If his father wanted details, details would be what he got.  Chris recounted the ping-pong game, describing each serve and return until ordered to sum up.  Binny, it seemed to Chris, promised to be the key to Swann’s success.  Assuming Swann had anything to teach him.
“Sure,” Cannon said.  “Our Aryan friends will hijack the whole idea and run it offshore with cheap labor, out of reach of lawsuits.  What about the Doyles?  Any progress penetrating enemy lines?”
Penetrating enemy lines?  Did he somehow know about the night before?  Or had stoner paranoia descended upon him?  Dope suffocated his brain under a pillow as he struggled to evade the question.  Then he remembered the walk in the woods and Harmon’s encounter with Sasquatch.  It struck Chris as the most amazing thing in the world that Bigfoot lived right here under their noses.  He told the story in a rush, tripping over the narrative.
“Yeah, yeah, I know all that.” Cannon cut him off with a wave.  “I was there.”
“Sorry,”  Chris laughed.  “I thought you said you were there?”
“Hiding in the brush.” Cannon took a long suck on the charred stump. “The role of Bigfoot portrayed by yours truly.”    
Drugs had loosened his father’s hold on reality.  “Sorry.  Did you say you’re Bigfoot?”
“In a manner of speaking.  I dressed in a suit made by the same guy who did the costumes for The Planet of the Apes.  Same ones used in the Patterson film. I knew somebody who knew somebody.”
“Why?”
“Well I had to do something when old Harmon began cutting the old growth on the sly.  There’s a contractual obligation from when I bought the place.  But it didn’t seem right to have my neighbor arrested and Harmon was a rough character back in those days.  I thought it would be better to scare the hell out of him, and Bigfoot popping out from behind a stump might do the trick.  Which it did, except Harmon cut off his own damned hand.” 
Over time, Chris had developed some sense of the rare instances when Cannon became serious.  This sounded like one of them.  
“I burned the costume, which was a stupid move, because it would have come in handy more than once.”
“That’s why you helped Betty Doyle set up the cave and the museum afterward.  Only then you slept with her.”
“Well, yeah.  I’m not proud of that either.” 
The roach singed Chris’s fingertips and he dropped it in the ashtray.  “Are you telling me this because you don’t want to take secrets to the grave?”  His fingers burned as if attached to some appendage he didn’t recognize.    
“I’m going to be cremated and scattered, but I’m fine taking along whatever I can carry in any direction the wind blows.  But enough jibber-jabber.  We’ve got a job to do with those puppies.”  Cannon motioned to a pair of what looked like skeletal prosthetic legs leaning up against the wall.  Chris recognized them as stilts constructed from aluminum struts.  A giant foot appeared at the bottom of each.  
“What the hell are these for?”  Chris picked one up.  Light and strong—a quality piece of engineering—with authentic-looking feet of molded rubber eighteen inches long and broad as a sheet of paper.  
“That,” Cannon said. “Is Bigfoot.  And tonight, he walks.”
* * *

They left the dome under a brilliant gibbous moon and starlight, Cannon showing evidence of pain in each faltering step, stopping often to cough.  Chris wondered how they would ever make it back up the hill, but was too busy navigating the dark trail with a flashlight and helping his father down to ask.  They passed the spar tree.  The crow remained asleep or had gone abroad in the night.
They walked south toward the Doyle’s, arriving at a section of Squatch Creek where the rocky bank gave way to an apron of mud.  “Careful,” Cannon said, gasping for breath.  “Don’t spoil the canvas.”  Chris sat on a boulder and donned the stilts, binding his legs into the aluminum cages with nylon straps and Velcro fasteners.  It took a few strides in the sandy soil to achieve stability, the residual spaciness of the dope and giant’s stride rendering fear of heights ridiculous. He became superhuman and invincible.    
“Stroll through the mud along the bank, King Kong.” Cannon motioned with his flashlight beam from his seat on the boulders out in the creek.  “One pass.  Plunge down to make it look like you weigh six hundred pounds, but don’t slip.”
Muddy suction slurped at the stilt feet as he navigated the terrain around the rocks, moonlight dancing on the giggling ripples somewhere in the dark.   He heard the waterfall and suddenly understood the geography—the cave lay close downstream.  
“Having a good time?” Cannon said.  
“I am.  It’s good to be Bigfoot.”  
“’Course it is,” Cannon said. “Being mythical is the best thing in the world.  But you’re done, Icarus.  Walk into the water and take those things off.”
Chris walked into the eddy pool in the backwater of the small rapids.  He had the impression of becoming shorter until the soles of his own feet were near level with the surface.  “Hey, look.  I’m walking on water.”
“In my experience, hubris precedes a fall.  Now get down.”
“How am I supposed to do that?”
“You fall.”
Chris looked at the pool of blackness below. The archipelago of rocks where Cannon sat lay across a channel where the current swept through.  If he could reach the rocks, he would be able to sit down and un-strap the stilts without drowning.  
He lifted a stilt, the huge foot a sail against the force of the water.  He balanced for a moment like a flamingo weathervaning in a windstorm before falling forward in slow motion, scattering the reflection of the moon into shards.  
Snowmelt cold flattened his lungs as he stared into black water.  Panic twisted him onto his back, facing the flashlight beam playing on the surface above.  He jackknifed for the light, face breaking through to gulp air.  Hands ripped wet Velcro between choking coughs.  One leg came free and he pogosticked against the stony bottom in water less than three feet deep, clawing off the other stilt.  
His heart slowed from a fire hose surge as he waded across the pool, scrabbling boulders with icicle fingers, collapsing on the rocks.  Soaked, freezing cold, gasping.  Baptized into the complete opposite of stoned.  
“Great job,” Cannon said.  “They’ll think Bigfoot took a bath.  You had me worried there for a second.  I thought I would have to come in after you.”
“Dad.” Chris gasped, lying on the boulders, something hard wedged into a kidney.  He’d been sure he would die strapped into a pair of fake Bigfoot stilts, drowned in shallow water, his father a witness.  He didn’t feel comfortable taking secrets to the grave, even if Cannon did.  
“I failed as an entrepreneur.  All the options money is gone,” he said.  “Spent it all on development, then the product tanked.”  Chris extended his arms towards the moon and let them fall perpendicular to his body, crucified on the rock and ready for the lecture on persistence, fortunes recouped, bankruptcies reversed, adversity vanquished.  
“Shit, I knew that,” Cannon said.
“What do you mean, you knew that?” 
“There are still plenty of people delighted to tell me when my son is plowing his company into the ground.  I knew you lost your pile and I knew you folded up Java Crap, or whatever the hell you called it.  I could have told you that idea was a dog, had you asked.  Why do you think I dragged you up here in the first place?”
“Sorry.” Some lost invincibility came surging back, accompanied by anger.  “I didn’t get that coming up here was for my benefit. I thought you needed my help.”  
“Don’t get all petulant.  I do need your help.  Maybe you need mine, too.”  Cannon fell silent.  “You do get that I love and care deeply for you?  Right?”  
This sounded like something checked off on a list before leaving for vacation.  Front door locked?  Check.  Chris understood sincere emotion as more terrifying for his father than any deathbed confession.  He took a deep breath and coughed up the last of the inhaled creek water.  
“Sure, Dad,” Chris said. “I knew that.  Me too.  I love you too.”
“Okay then,” Cannon said. “You did great, by the way.  We should get back.”  
Chris’s teeth chattered so hard that he could not answer.  He hugged himself, any residue of being stoned rinsed into the creek.  
They began the slow walk up Squatch Hill.  Chris warmed considerably in the hours that followed, almost carrying his father in the silver blue moonlight.  He hid the stilts uphill from the spar tree, to be guarded by the crow and retrieved later.  He still felt ridiculously invincible.     



Chapter 18—Lincoln’s Nose
A foot scuffed crumbling granite in the night. Trent dropped into a crouch and froze, not at all surprised. He’d taken it for granted that someone had followed him from near the tree house.  
Still, the noise on the rock constituted the first direct evidence that something more substantial than shadows stalked the night, a tribute to the Ghurka’s skill in the woods.  Trent wondered if this might be the same guy who nearly nailed them at the mall, but he’d never gotten a close look.  He didn’t want to think about the possibility that Mowgli might have a whole army of ninja maniacs.
The rock face felt hard through the soles of the moccasins he’d worn for silent travel.  Mica winked softly in bright moonlight, a loose flake of exfoliated rock shattered by winter ice resting under his big toe.  The strap of the old thirty-ought-six rifle he’d owned since boyhood dug into his neck as he imitated the profile of a boulder.  One clean shot was all he needed.  Guns were cheating, but he wasn’t the one who’d raised the stakes.  
He settled into his squat, waiting for an opening.  Success required clarity.  Doubt and tension made for slow and stupid; fear an unaffordable luxury.  He tuned out mental noise, extended awareness into the night.  Forced down his heart rate, muffling the drumbeat in his ears.  He would wait for a defined target.
An unfortunate moon peeked over the rim of jagged mountains—he preferred starlight, confident of superior night vision.   Far below the curve of the hill, he saw the faint chalky scrawl of Squatch Creek tucked deep into the crease of the ravine, foliage ambushing the wash of moonlight with broad swaths of shadow.  Above him, the Milky Way shone like the headlight of an extraterrestrial motorcycle on a ribbon of broken glass.  Beautiful beyond words.  Emotion washed over him like a line squall.  He would defend this place, his home, to the death.
Still no movement, or sound.  The Ghurka must also have hunkered down.    
Home was not a happy place these days.  Every evening began with questions: Why did you come back so soon?  When do you get paid? Why can’t we just move to LA?  He wished Trillium could revert to the girl he had fallen in love with, dazzled by tales of stunt work and movie stars, with no desire to visit Babylon.  Because that would mean leaving home.
Still nothing below.  
A tiny aurora of light shone into the sky from the store at Bigfoot Falls, the building itself obscured from here.  He pictured Randy hunkered over a game console, blasting aliens. The phosphorescent mushroom dome at Squatch Hill glowed faintly. 
He worried about Sky—SkyFish—the most.  A bright kid, but detached.  Comfortable disappearing into the forest, in no need of human contact.  Fearless.  Too much like himself. What effect would running have on the boy if it came to that?
Trent began to doubt that the Ghurka would ever move.  He considered picking up the shard of granite beneath his toe and throwing it as a decoy, but rejected the move as too obvious.
Maybe he should lay the truth out for Trillium.  Explain the pointlessness of moving to LA, because nobody would hire someone suspected of ripping off equipment, his days as a stunt rigger on sabbatical if not over.  Oh, and by the way—there’s a trained killer living at Dad’s house here to execute all of us in our sleep when he finds what he’s looking for.  That would go over well.  He had to help himself, by himself, as always.
He realized the Ghurka might flank him while he wasted time thinking.  Maybe the guy could turn himself into a bat.  Fear sucked Trent back into early childhood, a kid terrified of the dark, so afraid to get out of bed that he preferred to wet himself.  Terror would defeat him, if he let it.  
A puff of wind distributed the faint scent of conifer pollen and rock dust and what?  Clove?  Trent had his fill of waiting.  Time to press the home court advantage.  He swung the gun around his body, bracing against the strap to fire on the run.  His legs flexed, microseconds from launch.  
Rock skittered below, stones caroming.  The opening.
Trent sprang downslope, zigzagging, thumb flicking off the safety as the rock face dropped like a base jump.  Loose stone cartwheeled toward the valley.  He stumbled, barely containing his momentum, sliding to a stop on moccasin leather, scanning granite moonlight, the rock face an x-ray.  
After a few minutes of listening to rolling rocks settle through the heartbeat in his ears, he clicked the safety back on.  Nobody followed him. Paranoia had found purchase in his brain.  He slung the rifle over his back, embarrassed.
In another half hour of climbing, he stood at Lincoln’s Nose.
Even in the dark, the rock looked like a proboscis, complete with aquiline bridge and flared nostrils.  Trent picked his way to the swath of mossy earth collected on the saddle of the ridge where boulders embedded themselves.  He found the rock about the size of a loaf of bread and extracted it from the mat of dirt, moss and lichen to expose the buried ammo box, flipped the spring clips and removed the lid.
Empty.  No canvas bag containing flawed rubies, emeralds, topazes, sapphires and crappy diamonds.  
Fear swept through him like a tsunami in open water.  No time to scream at the night or throw the box down into the valley.  Someone had to be watching his humiliation.
He swung the thirty-ought-six level, flipped the safety off, peered into the night for any clue visual, aural or magnetic.  The barrel of the rifle wandered, a compass seeking north.  
If the Ghurka had already found the stones, why wait?  Instinct screamed he was being watched, but his instinct, the one thing he could always rely on, had gone haywire with terror.  Terror not for himself—for his family.  
Nothing stirred beneath the wind.
Maybe Randy had finally rebelled and taken the stones.  Trent laughed aloud at the thought.  Not true, and he knew it.
Perhaps the Ghurka possessed god-like powers, the ability to track a bird through blue sky an hour after its passage.  
* * *
The rifle pointed square at SkyFish’s chest for what seemed like forever.  Each instant might contain a muzzle flash, the last sight he’d ever see.  He held still, wondering if his heart beat loud enough for his dad to hear and identify.  
The barrel moved at last.  He breathed again and became aware of twin tracks of heat making trails down his cheeks. Tears.
He’d watched his father pry up the rock lying like a big booger dropped out of Lincoln’s Nose.  Saw him hurl the lid down in rage.  Listened to his crazy laugh. Indications of a world out of balance. 
SkyFish had found this place by tracking his father the last time he’d returned from Hollywood, when it had been easy to shadow him.  This time, his dad travelled like a ghost over the landscape until SkyFish stumbled on the rock face and had to resort to the obvious device of tossing a rock as a diversion, barely scrambling out of the way when his father hurled himself down the hill.  He’d nearly turned back after that, but couldn’t.  His dad was in trouble.  Maybe even afraid.
SkyFish had been taught never to let fear stand in his way.  Watching his father at Lincoln’s Nose confirmed the belief that the gemstones did not belong anywhere on this land.  They were the root of the problem, the source of disequilibrium—a word he’d run across in physics and liked a lot.  When the Indian man with the funny name began to snoop around at night, SkyFish was more certain than ever that he’d been justified in hiding the stones in a safer location.  After all, he was the Guardian of the Forest.  Robin Hood.  Treebeard, the chief Ent from Lord of the Rings. The Spirit of the Woods.  Sasquatch’s apprentice.  He took his responsibilities seriously.
Besides, he had an idea about what to do after watching his Uncle Chris and Grandpa fake Bigfoot tracks at the creek earlier that same night.



Chapter 19—Something Shiny
Randy Doyle leaned against the cold stone inside the entrance to the cave, hating his life, or at least this latest take.  Only a few weeks before, he’d possessed the powers of a god, rigging stunts on a movie set and heisting jewels on the side.  Now he served as babysitter for his old man, making sure he didn’t spin out of control.  Randy found it hard to stay awake, much less pay attention to the line of crap he’d heard a million times before.  
“You can’t film in here without permission.”  Randy’s Pa—Harmon Doyle, doing what he loved best—pointed to the sign on the wall prohibiting photography of any kind inside the cave.  A short, round, bald man dropped the video camera from eye level to his side, where it stuck to his palm by its strap like the prosthetic hand of an alien creature. 
“Well?  Can I have permission?”  The guy wore a yellow polo shirt and plaid Bermuda shorts, tennis shoes with white socks pulled up to mid calf.  He’d been shooting without considering the angles or framing the scene.  Randy had no sympathy for him.  
“No,” Pa said. “You may not.”  
The man scowled, pushed a button and the lens receded with the high-pitched whir favored by sci-fi films.  Randy’s hands itched for the camera.  He’d watched directors—mostly second unit guys—ply their craft.  He knew he could do better.  
Pa pointed to the table.  “Over here is what Bigfoot might use if he had need of such a sissified convenience as a table.  Which he does not.”
Pa stood in the middle of the cave, legs spread, taking a stand.  Off script and out of control.  Randy knew he should herd him back to the standard spiel, but couldn’t summon the energy. Ma would be pissed if these people demanded their money back, and would blame him.  If Willa were here, she would soothe the old man, charm the tourists, maybe sway them into buying a chainsaw sculpture.  But Willa wasn’t here. 
Out of the family of four, only Baldy appeared even vaguely interested in the cave and its treasures.  Randy imagined a scene-setting flashback of him turning off the highway at Bigfoot Falls.  Aww, Dad, cummon, not this dump.  He deserved what he got.
Randy checked out the teenage babe sitting on one of the boulders, slouched against the slab and absorbed in chewing gum, belly shirt ridden up to reveal a small silver navel ring in the middle of her tan midsection.  Her little brother was about SkyFish’s age and twice his weight, his little round head topped with spiky blonde Bart Simpson hair.  Last time Randy looked, the boy had been sticking his fingers, hand and shoe into the inside of the waterfall.  Randy had done that himself plenty of times.  The kid was dumb as a post.    
“How do you know that Bigfoot doesn’t use tables?” Baldy said.
“Davis, please don’t draw this out.” The mom slouched center stage, as if afraid to touch anything, tall and big boned with hair a shade of red not found in nature.  She twirled a pair of sunglasses by a bow, checking her watch.
Pa fixed the man with a choker cable gaze, designed to uproot opposition with the torque of straight crazy.  He held up his hook—Exhibit A.  “Because I know.”
“Do you mean to claim that Bigfoot took that hand off?” Baldy canted his shiny dome.  
“No.  I am not saying Bigfoot bit my hand off,” Pa said.  “Bigfoot is a reclusive being, highly intelligent.  He fights only as a matter of survival.”
“I didn’t say he bit your hand off.”  Baldy wielded an index finger.  “You’re evading the question.  Was Bigfoot in any way connected with the removal of your hand?”
“I ain’t saying he was, I ain’t saying he wasn’t.  What are you, some kind of lawyer?”
“Better.  A Superior Court judge.  So best get it over with and tell the truth.  Have you, or have you not, ever seen a Sasquatch?” Baldy aimed a rivet gun finger at the bulwark of Pa’s chest.  “Answer the question.”
Randy hoped they’d have a fight.  Randy imagined what it would be like to shoot the scene in the cave, a great location for an action sequence, with opportunities to use the waterfall and slippery floor and plenty of rock surfaces. The whole world saw the stunts he and Trent put together. Rickshaw pullers in China compared each sequence to the latest Kung Fu epic.  Villagers in India parsed each punch, fall and crash, proof that Hollywood still kicked Bollywood’s ass.  Kids the world over re-blocked those scenes—Kerplew! Thwap! Zoing!—using up their lifetime allotments of exclamation marks.  Because, in comparison to the movies, real life sucked.
“Davis, let the poor man do his job,” the mom said.  “I want to see the Pike Place Market, not spend the afternoon in some moldy cave listening to you arguing the existence of imaginary creatures.”
Baldy regarded his wife and blinked, as if she were declaring him out of order. “Fine,” he said to Pa. “Go ahead and finish your story.”
Pa squared himself to full height and glared.  “It’s not a story, it’s a fact.  This table is a story—a dramatic re-creation, like on TV.  This picture on the wall looks nothing like the real Sequatchie, also known as Dzonga by the Indians.  Hell, Sasquatch got here thousands of years before those Russian Indians came marching over their land bridge.  Ice ages were just chilly afternoons for Bigfoot.  Compared to him, we are all tourists, passing through.”
“That was well said,” Baldy said. “I like that.”
Randy gazed at the teenage girl crossing her arms against the chill, causing her cleavage to bulge half out of her scoop neck t-shirt.  She caught him looking, glared at him like a pitcher about to dust off a base runner, and adjusted the folded arms upward.  If she knew who he was, the story might be different. She’d flirt with a stunt rigger/jewel thief working on a screenplay for his own indie film.  So what if everyone else thought of him as Trent Bly’s bitch and wouldn’t trust him to stage a slip on a banana peel?  She didn’t know that.  
Even Trent blew it from time to time, like not anticipating that commando in the jewelry store.  Now Randy found himself in need of a new career.  He’d go crazy if he had to spend his life behind the counter at the store and babysit Pa on these lame tours.  
“How do you know any of this stuff?” Baldy said.  “You got any proof?”
“Absolutely not,” Pa said.  “Sasquatch is a myth.  Folks should stop bothering about him and leave him the hell alone.”
“Suspicious statement from a fella with a Bigfoot museum.”  Baldy leaned forward and glared, arms crossed. “I don’t believe you.”
Randy had to get into film school because life as Trent’s sidekick had become living hell. They’d tromped through the woods until early morning the last three nights, scouting for the Indian dude sent there to slit their throats with a long crooked knife as they slept.  Swirling layers of paranoia dwelt beneath Trent’s cool exterior—the mastermind too tightly wound, like in Randy’s screenplay. Three nights in the woods and not a whiff of the Indian.  Ma rooted Randy out of bed at seven AM regardless.  According to her, nobody had an excuse to sleep late unless they died.
Which is why Randy drifted into a doze while propped against the cave wall, lulled by bickering, the hypnotic rush of water and visions of bellybutton rings.  
“Jared! Where’s Jared?” 
Randy startled awake with a snort as the mom charged out of the cave, followed by Baldy.  Pa ambled behind.  “You’re supposed to watch the brats,” he said in passing. “That’s what you’re here for.”  
The girl hopped down from the boulder and scampered out, tossing him a look like she was afraid of being left behind with him.  
Randy staggered onto the gravel path beside the waterfall, the icy spray snapping him full awake.  Baldy and wife circled the plunge pool, peering through churning water to the rocks at the bottom, heading downstream, toward the road. “Jared!  You get your ass back here this instant!” Baldy bellowed. 
Randy had a brainwave.  To a kid like that, up would always be more interesting than down, especially around waterfalls.  Direct sunlight scoured the dimness of the cave from Randy’s eyes as he huffed upstream toward big trees and rushing water, onto Bly property.  Around a bend in the creek, the boy crouched by the edge of the water.  
“Hey, kid, you’re in deep shit now.” Randy had some sympathy for the chubby little fuckup.  
Jared barely glanced up, focused on prying something out of the mud.  “It’s mine,” he said.  
At first, Randy saw only the footprints.  Then it registered that they were the size of snowshoes.  Then something shiny caught his eye—the boy clawed at a ruby the size of a golf ball embedded in the center of one of the tracks.  Randy recognized this as the biggest stone he and Trent had ever stolen, an item Randy was sure had to be worth a fortune until Trent pointed out the faults and inclusions, color density weak as over-diluted Kool-Aid.  Trent said the fence wouldn’t touch it—too big, too easy to trace and not worth re-cutting.  “Hey, that doesn’t belong to you.”
“Screw you.  I found it and I’m going to keep it.” The kid had extracted the stone, clawing crusts of mud away with fingernails, a scowl on his piggy face. 
“I said give it here.” Randy lunged, but the boy slipped away with a head fake and scamper.
“Jared, you get your ass over here!” Baldy labored up the trail, face red as a tick full of blood.  “He’s over here!” he yelled back over the falls.  “The little bastard.”  
The boy retreated upstream. “It’s mine.”
“You get your butt over here this instant, mister,” Baldy said.  “Or so help me, you’ll spend the rest of this vacation incarcerated in the trunk of the car.”
“He can’t keep that,” Randy said. “We’re on somebody else’s property.  We’re trespassing here.”
The boy hid the ruby behind his back.  
“Jared, what the hell have you got?”
“Dad, look!” Jared pointed to the tracks.
Baldy diverted his attention to the trail of footprints crossing the muddy bank.  “Holy shit. Are those what I think they are?”
“No,” Randy said.  “They are not what you think they are.”  
“Good lord.  They’re all over the place.”
“Look, these are part of a dramatic re-enactment for the benefit of the tourists.  Like the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland.”
“Yeah, yeah.  I thought you said we were trespassing?” Baldy said.  “If nobody’s supposed to come up here, why would anyone bother to make a bunch of fake footprints?  Jared, give the man whatever you picked up. Now, and no arguments, or it will go badly for you, I guarantee it.”  Baldy crouched to examine the tracks.  
Jared held the stone behind his back, defiant as Randy approached.  Randy extended his hand and the boy placed the jewel—so big it looked fake—in his palm.  He breathed a deep sigh of relief and thrust the rock into his pocket.
“S’not fair,” Jared said.  “I found it.”
“Not your property, you little prick” Randy said.
“That boy led me right to it.”
This did not fully register because Randy heard the alien whir of a camera lens.  Baldy stooped close to the mud, documenting every track in hi def.  Trent was gonna freak.



Chapter 20—Never Interrupt Your Enemy
Trent dangled by a nylon rope over the side of the tree house examining the effects of years of wind, weather and gravity—popped nails, snapped bolts, distorted angles, warped floors.  He’d always meant to rip everything out and start over instead of pounding in yet another brace.  Eventually, the whole thing would come down no matter how hard he worked. Gravity always wins.
Trillium had taken the van to town.  She wanted to buy SkyFish new clothes, but the boy refused and disappeared into the woods, and she went anyway.  
Midair suspension imparted some comfort.  Perhaps the solution lay in eliminating all the crap in the house.  Or walking away and setting up shop in a forest not owned by his father, in a tree house not designed by his brother.  Trent had the odd sensation of being alone in a rowboat, lost in a vast ocean, continents below each horizon, the great white shark of failure rising.  
He’d already decided to make a stand.  Step one was to solve the  problem of keeping the Ghurka away from the tree house and protect his family.  If things didn’t go in his favor, he wouldn’t have to worry about gravity.    
“Tren—“
Randy staggered into the clearing beneath the tree, too out of breath to shout, stooping with hands on wobbling knees.  Trent cursed his own sloppiness—he’d been too lost in thought to hear Randy crash down the trail.  He’d best pay attention from now on. “What’s up?”    
“Sher—.  Rif.”  Randy held his chest, unable to speak, staggering to the ladder.  
“What about the Sheriff?”  Trent lowered himself to the ground, the rope hissing as he braked.  
“Lost.  Kid.” Randy sagged against the trunk, melting earthward.
“The sheriff is looking for a lost kid?” Trent disengaged from the rope.
“No.  Kid found tracks.  Bigfoot tracks.  And this.” Randy wrestled something the size of a wayward testicle from the front pocket of his jeans and held it out—the big ruby from the stash.  Trent plucked the stone from Randy’s hand as he collapsed the rest of the way to the ground, lungs heaving for oxygen.
“Bigfoot tracks?”
Randy shook his head vigorously.  “Sheriff’s ontheway.” 
“Get up and get back there.” Trent’s mind raced. “Fast.”
“Whatabout.  The law?”
“Stall them.  Pretend you didn’t see me.  When I get there, follow my lead.”
Randy groaned and attempted to rise, but could not capture the necessary momentum, lolling on his back.
“Anyone else see this?” The ruby perched on Trent’s fingertips like the beginning of a magic trick, exhilaration coursing through him.  
“Just the kid.  I thought—.  I thought you checked—. The stones?”
“I did,” Trent said.  “They’re gone.”
“Whatthefuck do you mean, ‘gone?’  You said they’d be safe.    You said, if he found the stones—he’d kill us.”
“Yeah.  Obviously I was wrong, at least with respect to timing.  Maybe he’s fucking with our heads.”  
“You mean, like, cut them off and—”  
 “No, you idiot.  If he’s got the stones, we should be dead.  But he’s faked a bunch of Bigfoot tracks and made sure someone found them. Why?  Obviously to attract a crowd.  Maybe he didn’t figure on us fencing the jewels and thinks the rest are hidden.  Maybe he thinks a bunch of Bigfoot wackos roaming the woods will force us to move them.  Well, this is our chance to shift the balance of power.  Like Napoleon said, ‘never interrupt your enemy when he’s making a mistake.’  You did good, partner.”  He tapped the sole of Randy’s boot twice with the toe of his own.  
Randy groaned, lungs wheezing as he battled for air.
 “Now get up, and hurry.  Man, you’re in awful shape.”  Trent felt great.  Doubt had stopped whispering in his ear.
* * *
“Hey there, officer,” Trent called from above the creek bed.  “What’s up?” 
Trent strolled down the trail, hands in pockets.  Randy stood at a distance, arms crossed, leaning against a tree.  Yellow CRIME SCENE—DO NOT ENTER tape fluttered between bamboo wands set in a trapezoid enclosing the tracks.
A tall, thin man in a sheriff’s uniform and gray Stetson crouched holding a big black camera.  Trent recognized Deputy Roy Dalton from an investigation of dope dealing at the local high school when they were all a lot younger.  The law had never caught the dealer (a friend of Randy’s) or the supplier (Trent).  The memory of past victory gave Trent a rush of confidence.  
Dalton unfolded himself and faced Trent. The deputy looked like he should have retired a decade ago, his long face weathered as an old saddle.   “You’re one of those Bly boys, aren’t you?” 
The man had to be six five, but Trent declined to be intimidated, breaking out an extra-charming smile. “Guilty. Trent Bly.  And this is Bly property.  What can I help you with Sheriff?”
“Good morning, Mr. Bly.  It’s deputy, by the way.  Are you the one who went off to Hollywood or the computer one?”
“Hollywood.”
“Should have known.  Say you wouldn’t know anything about a big stone would you?  Possible ruby?”  Deputy Dalton gestured to a track in the mud with a faceted impression cast into its center.  “The boy claims to have handed it over to Randy here.”
“I wouldn’t know about that,” Trent said. “Seems pretty unlikely.”
“Yeah.  But then these tracks are a tad unlikely too.” 
Trent crouched to examine a single line of prints marching across the mud, disappearing straight into the water.  He focused on the print nearest him, the one with the impression of a stone at its center.  “Looks like some regular shape, like a crystal.  If I had to guess, I’d say it might have been a chunk of quartz.  You find it around here sometimes.”  
“Maybe.  Of course, if it’s a precious stone it would have to be pretty valuable, being so big.  Easy to trace.”  Dalton looked into Trent’s eyes.  
He gazed back, projecting mild disengagement, eyes not too wide, steady and plain, careful not to dart up and away.  Passing the optical lie detector test, no sweat.
“And what might you be doing out here today, Mr. Bly?”
“This is my shortcut to the store.  I’m craving a Footburger for lunch.  The wife’s gone to town.”
“A Footburger sounds pretty good right about now,” Dalton said.  “Randy, you have any more insight?”
 “Heck no, Roy.”  Randy had worked at the Foot all his life, serving up free coffee, freezies and Footburgers to local law enforcement.  Experience that came in handy every once in a while.  “Like I told you, it was some junk piece of rock that I chucked into the bushes up that way.  You can go find it if you want.”
“We’ll do that.” Dalton turned back toward Trent.  “You know anything about these tracks Mr. Bly?  Do they factor into some movie project of yours?”
Trent examined the tracks.  The Ghurka had done a good enough special effects job to satisfy the fussiest director.  “If I had to guess, I’d say the Doyles here are trying to drum up some business for their tour.  They should have put the tracks on their own land, though.  This is private property.”
“Screw you, Bly” 
Randy wouldn’t win an Oscar, but he delivered the line on cue and sounded adequately pissed off.
“Guess I hit a nerve,” Trent said to Dalton.  “Look, Sheriff, I’d just as soon keep this out of the media or we’ll be overrun with Bigfoot kooks.  You know how they are.  Some are armed and dangerous, looking to sell a pelt to the National Enquirer.  I live with my wife and child less than half a mile from here.”
“Too late,” Dalton said. “The boy’s father thinks he has the find of the century so he hopped on the phone right off—you’ve got some pretty healthy cell reception up here for some reason. If anybody in the media still cares about Bigfoot tracks, they’re on the way.”
“I don’t like that at all, Sheriff,” Trent said.  “Looks like I’ll have to put up a fence.”
“It’s Deputy.  And you can put up a fence if you want, as long as we have access.  There’s no direct evidence of a crime, but we’re still investigating, so don’t be disturbing the site.  You have a good day, Mr. Bly.”  Dalton plucked the brim of his cowboy hat and turned back to the prints, assuming a stance with the camera like a Great Blue Heron stalking fish in the shallows.  
Trent didn’t believe he understood the new rules, but this at lease offered a way to shift the action away from the tree house and screw with the Ghurka’s plans.  And he had some plans of his own.  The battle was on.



Chapter 21—Good Fences
Trent’s waffle-soled boots reverberated on the floorboards and echoed through the empty space of the dome.  His pasty-faced brother lay in the big recliner in the center of the room, asleep or close to it.  
“Wakey, wakey.” Trent put his boot on the footrest of the recliner and shoved. His brother reflexively clutched the laptop like a mother with a baby as the roller coaster lurched to life.  Trent enjoyed a little dollop of satisfaction from startling Chris out of his snooze.  
 “We’ve got a problem.” Trent fought for breath after running up the hill, but he was damned if he’d collapse on the ground like Randy. “Some tourist found Bigfoot tracks.  Down by the property line with the Doyles.  We’re about to be overrun by wackos.  With guns.”
“Bigfoot tracks?” Chris blinked like a possum dragged by the tail into daylight.  “That’s great.”
“What the fuck’s so great about it?”  The look on Chris’s face made Trent wonder if he didn’t take the jewels. They used to go up to Lincoln’s nose when they were kids.  Chris rose with old man stiffness.  The hardest work he did was sit on his ass staring at computers all day—a pathetic way for a man to squander a life.  What the hell was he stiff from?
“I mean it’s great for the Doyles,” Chris said. “Their tour will go through the roof.”
Chris had never been a good liar, afflicted with a debilitating streak of honesty, deception flashing in his eyes like a WRONG WAY, DO NOT ENTER sign on a freeway ramp.  But there was no time to get to the truth.  “So you think it’s hunky dory if Bigfoot hunters with rifles wander around?  Looking under every rock?”
 “No.  Guess not.”
“You damn well guess right.   We need a perimeter fence, and fast.  So grab your boots”
Trent heard the click of claws on cement from the direction of Swann’s passageway, smelled clove mixed with musty dog fur.  
“Sure,” Chris said.  “Hey, we should bring Binny.  He’s a really capable guy.”
The door to the passageway opened and the three mongrels flowed through and fanned out, growling and baring their teeth, then abruptly sitting in silence.  There might have been a whistle.  It did not seem possible these were the same unruly mutts he’d encountered a few days before.  
“Hey Binny,” Chris said.  “We need a hand putting up a fence.  Can you help?”
Binny’s eyes might have twinkled. “Of course, Mr. Chris.  I am being happy to help.”
“I bet.” Trent considered insisting Binny stay behind, but his gut said it was better to have him out in the open, maybe tipping his hand to whatever he had planned.  Whatever happened, happened.  
* * *
They walked downhill at a good clip, Binny in the lead with the three dogs taking turns looking back over their shoulders and growling, circling their master. Their noses worked overtime, snorting an invisible Encyclopedia Britannica from dirt and rock.  Trent wondered what information they passed on to their master, who looked relaxed as if out on a Sunday stroll.
Lines of yellow CRIME SCENE—DO NOT ENTER tape fluttered in the breeze, the only remaining evidence of the law.  Randy rose from his seat on a fallen log, regarding the advance of Binny and the dogs as if he might bolt.  
Binny walked to the ribboned-off area.  “Yeti tracks?”  The dogs sniffed the prints and whimpered, but did not venture out onto the mud. 
“Sort of.”  While Chris embarked on an explanation of Bigfoot, Trent edged Randy aside.
“What the hell, man?” Randy said.
“Mr. Binnyji volunteered to help us build the fence.  Relax, you’ll be okay—he won’t try anything with Chris here.  I’m going into town for materials and you keep an eye on him.”
“You’ve got to be kidding.”
“No.  I’m not kidding.”
* * *
His father’s old pickup bottomed out frequently on the access road.  Trent parked where the bus usually stopped for the cave tour and hiked up the trail with a load of metal posts wearing a groove into his shoulder.  
Randy sat on the log with a large stick across his lap.  Chris examined the footprints as if he couldn’t pull himself away. Binny napped on a patch of mossy ground, surrounded by the sentinel dogs, alert and emitting low growls.  Trent wondered if he shouldn’t have scaled the opposite side of the ravine with the rifle.  He walked into the camp instead.  
“All right ladies,” Trent dumped the load of posts with a crash that started the dogs into a barking mess.  Binny turned his head and open his eyes as if he hadn’t known Trent’s position every second.  “Rise and shine. We’re gonna close off the mouth of the ravine.”  He pointed from a rock face on the other side of the creek where the chute containing Squatch Creek narrowed, tracing a line over to the bluff on the other side, the terrain above impassible without climbing gear.  “We’ll work in two teams.  Binny and Randy, you’re on that side; Chris and me on this one.  We’ll meet at those rocks.”  
Randy looked at him like he was crazy.  The Ghurka appeared bemused, but said nothing.
* * *
Trent and Chris started next to the rock wall, perched on the talus slope, driving their first post into the rocky soil with a pounder made from a length of pipe with one capped end and handles welded to the sides.  Trent had bought only one per team, assuming he’d be doing the pounding.  The impact of metal on metal resonated in a warped echo, producing a row, row, row your boat pressure on the brain stem.  He knew at the first post that nights spent roaming the woods had taken their toll and this would be harder than he thought.  
The first post took considerable effort before it stood on its own, driven into a crack in the rock.  Somehow, Binny and Randy had already set three posts on their side and had fence up.
“They must have softer ground over there,” Chris said.  
“Sure they do,” Trent’s arms ached. The Ghurka worked like a machine, forcing Randy into an ill-accustomed hustle.  Chris moved like he’d recently spent time carrying a considerable weight over a long distance as he wired up the fence. Trent pummeled another rod into the stony ground, sweat soaking his shirt.  
“If you’re not going to give me a shift,” Chris said, “How about we each grab a handle?”
Trent looked across at the other side.  Randy and Binny’s line of fence already looked like a jointed toy snake crawling down the slope.  They’d be at the creek an hour ahead of them if he didn’t do something different.  “Think you can keep up?” Trent said.
“We’ll see,” Chris said.  
* * *
They worked for an hour and a half, fighting each other before settling into a rhythm.  They strung the fence, wiring up each section before progressing to the next post, anticipating each other’s actions.  Trent had forgotten how well they worked together.  It had been a long time.     
“We need a break,” Chris said.  “At least drink some water.  You look like hell.”  
Here came the older brother thing—trying to take care of him.  His first instinct was to grab the next post, but he paused to consider the possibility that Chris really did care.  He looked across the ravine, where Binny and Randy were taking a break, sitting on rocks and chatting like old buds.  They headed for the creek.
“Look, why don’t you tell me what’s going on?” Chris said on the way down the slope.  “Maybe I can help.”  
“There’s going to be a Bigfoot stampede.  We’re putting up a fence.” He walked faster, somehow important to stay ahead of his brother.  Trent flashed back to the moment he told Chris about the prints.  “You didn’t seem very surprised.”  
Chris kept walking.  “A plastic fence won’t keep anybody out.”
“Randy and I will camp down here,” Trent said.  “Nobody’s going to get through.”
* * *
It took until dusk for the fence lines to converge on a spot downstream from the prints so that the only way for someone to get up the ravine would be to walk up the creek itself through swift water.  Trent believed that Binny slowed the construction of their side of the fence to allow the brothers to finish first, but he had to hand it to Chris—he’d worked hard.   
Trent sat on a boulder and surveyed the work.  The muscles in his arms trembled, though they’d stopped pounding posts half an hour before.  He’d improvised the idea for the fence, but it seemed a good choice—a beachhead to dig in and rally an offensive.  Trent took another long drink of water from the creek.  Binny’s t-shirt looked unnaturally white in the dwindling light.  
The dogs went crazy, leaping into the air, barking like wolves eager to tear the object of their wrath to shreds.  Then, in unison, they sat as if by remote control, emitting whimpers of complaint.  Binny stood looking at the dogs, saying nothing, making no gesture.  
How the hell did he do that? Trent thought.
“’Scuse me!” called a voice from downstream.  A short, bushy-haired man peeked from behind a tree, assessing the dogs and the ability of the fence to contain them.  He wore a fly-fishing vest with many pockets, two cameras and lens cases slung around his neck.  “Is this where the Bigfoot prints are? I’m supposed to get some pictures.  You’re not going to let those dogs loose, are you?”
“Depends on whether you come any farther,” Trent said.  “You’d best get out of here.  This is private property—didn’t you see the signs?”
“I didn’t think they applied to the press,” the man said.



Chapter 22—Spider Rendezvous
Chris slept late the next morning, physically exhausted but strangely elated. He staggered into the main dome to find Cannon installed on the sofa near the far wall, perusing a book on aerodynamics.  Chris hadn’t downed nearly enough coffee before Swann came out of her passageway dressed in an African mud cloth skirt and a low cut blouse with elephants, lions and baboons cavorting across a jungle background.  She sashayed around the room dropping the venetian blinds that fitted into curved tracks, louvering them closed. Chris didn’t remember ever seeing the blinds closed before.    
“It’s Sunday, you know.” Cannon popped the book closed and placed it on the end table.  “You should take a walk.”
“Get some air.  For at least an hour.” Swann sat next to Cannon on the couch and placed an arm around his shoulders, dwarfing his emaciated frame.
“No, thanks, I’m totally beat.” Chris planned to relax in the comfort of the recliner until the coffee kicked in, his joints and muscles aching to the point of immobility.   
“Son,” Cannon said.  “My sweetie and I have a tradition.  We meet every Sunday morning on this couch—sort of neutral territory.  Rain or shine, war or peace.”
“Aren’t you exhausted?” Chris said.
“Yes.  But duty calls.”  
“But.”  He tried to remember if he’d ever sat on the couch and what he’d been doing on previous Sundays.  He’d lost track of the days of the week, routine now a foreign concept.  
“If you’d had a similar tradition with Eve, who knows?” Cannon said.  “I might have more grandchildren.”
A knock came at the door and this time it seemed normal. He found Willa standing outside, dressed in her customary blue jeans, but with her hair brushed and loose and a blue work shirt instead of the plaid flannel.  The combined beauty of Willa in the blue shirt, red hair, a silver chain and green eyes stunned him like a scorpion bite.   
She peeked around the paralyzed Chris at Swann and Cannon on the couch, smiled and raised her hand. “Hi there.”
Chris became aware of his conspicuous silence, of staring and the likelihood of stammering if he spoke.  
“Hi there yourself, stranger,” Swann said “You’re looking radiant.”
“Who’s the lucky guy?” Cannon said.
Willa glanced at Chris.  They’d agreed to keep things secret because neither wanted to try to explain what they did not yet understand.  
“Thanks,” Willa said.  “I need to consult with our web guy.  I forgot about your Sunday tradition.  How are you feeling, Mr. Bly?”
“All the better for seeing you, thanks for asking,” Cannon said.  “You doing any of your highbrow art these days, or are you still in your roadside primitive period?”
“Sticking with mass production since sales have picked up.  There’s a crowd of Bigfoot hunters camped down on our place.  They’d like to get onto your property to have a look at those prints.”  
“Seems like we might work something out,” Cannon said.
“The Bigfoot science types want to verify authenticity. Ma has arranged a meeting tomorrow at ten.”
  “All copacetic by me,” Cannon said. “Except I won’t be at the meeting.  You can work out the details with my personal representative here.” Cannon nodded to Chris, still frozen at the doorway. “If he remembers how to talk.”  
Chris looked at Willa, who shrugged, and back to Cannon, grinning like the Cheshire Cat.  “Yeah,” Chris said.  “No problem.”  
“Excellent,” Swann said. “Then maybe you two can take a walk and discuss your business.”  Swann glanced at Cannon, who looked exhausted, but smiled with lascivious intent.  Chris did not want to speculate too much about the drugs his father might have prescribed for himself.    
* * *

Shortly before noon the next day, Chris descended the Squatch Creek trail.  Every problem in the world seemed manageable when he thought about Willa, an activity that consumed most moments.  His anxiety had stopped struggling, suffocated under a pillow of happiness. The big raven in the spar tree near the base of the hill had barely began to squawk when Chris responded with an emphatic and joyful “FUCK OFF!”  He would high-five the bird if it would  come down out of the dead tree.
Chris tried to keep the dust off his button-down oxford shirt and wool pants, each leg bladed with an actual crease.  He felt nervous as a teenager on his way to his prom date’s house.  
The orange fence across the ravine came into view, Trent’s squalid camp squatting beside a fallen log like a machine gun emplacement.  Ash from a fire pit coated the area, the smell of burning cow chips and diesel oil permeating the air.  A pile of supplies, including several 55-gallon drums, lay banked under a blue tarp, staked and tied down as if anticipating a long stay or a hurricane.  
Randy Doyle sat on the log, hands in the pockets of a puffy down coat.  A patchy new beard sprouted on his face, eyes narrowed to slits, a rivulet of snot crawling chinward and a crop of scratched mosquito bites on his neck and cheek.  
 “Good morning Randy,” Chris said. “Where’s Trent?”
“Over there,” Randy jerked his head toward the chrysalis of a sleeping bag laid out near the far end of the log, Trent’s head crowning the top of the bag, gasping for breath in a muffled snore.   
It crossed Chris’s mind that Trent must be ill. His brother slept lightly and rose early, always ready for the next thing.  
“Psst, hey, Chris,” Randy cast a wary glance at the inert sleeping bag.  “Dude, help me out here.  He’s over the edge.  He thinks —.”  Motion rippled the nylon and Randy held his breath until it stilled.  “We’re on watch, all night.  We’re making—.  Can you talk to him?”
“What are you making?”
“He thinks this Binny guy —”
Trent muttered something incoherent about a girl named Ruby, his eyes darting marbles behind closed lids.  A medium-sized spider picked its way over his brother’s forehead.  As a child, Trent had a deathly fear of spiders.  
Chris hurried to flick the arachnid to the ground, and remembered the two of them dressed in footy pajamas in the bedroom of an overlarge house in the city while their parents were still married.  The house produced huge hairy spiders that came out at night for some sort of rendezvous.  Chris routinely slept on the floor of his brother’s room with a flashlight and rubber mallet, having assured Trent that the spiders would not carry him away in his sleep.  
 “Hey, man.” Chris rocked his brother gently by the shoulder. “Wake up.  We’re going to be late.”
Trent’s eyes flew open, terror flitting across his face until a fearless and angry adult man chased away the shadows of the dream.  “Crap, what time is it?”  He shucked the sleeping bag and rose to unsteady feet with one movement, rubbing the spider crossing on his forehead.  His eyes were bloodshot, the lines in his face etched deep with campfire ash.   
 “Almost ten,” Chris said. “I can handle this if you want to get some more rest.  You look like hell.”  
“Are you kidding?  Let’s go.”  He stomped into boots, cinching laces around hooks.  “Randy!”
“You don’t have to yell, man.”  Randy Doyle remained inert against the log.  “I’m right here.”    
“It’s still your watch while I’m gone.  Stay awake this time.”    
Randy blinked into the glare of the overcast sky.  “What’s the point?”

* * *

Chris struggled to keep pace as they tripped down the shoulder of the waterfall to the flats.  Perhaps a dozen men gathered next to the smoldering fire pit fifty yards from the port-a-potty.  They dressed in wool or fleece vests, heavy boots and billed caps.  One duo appeared to be father and son, the bumps on their noses and crooked mouths resembling photocopies faded through generations.  Conversation muted as Trent and Chris moved tangentially, the bearers of a long awaited message about to pass them by.  
“You own that property?” called a tall bearish man with a bushy dark beard, gesturing uphill.  
“Sure do,” Trent said, not in a friendly way.
“You gonna let us in?”
Trent laughed louder than he needed to.  “Go home.  Watch Star Trek reruns or go look for Hobbits or unicorns or something.  Bigfoot is a fantasy.”
“Not if those tracks are real,” the bearish man said. “How ‘bout a look?”
 “Not a chance,” Trent said.  
The group buzzed like a stirred wasp nest.  Chris and Trent made for the access road to the Foot, pace unslackened.
“You guys stay the hell out,” Trent called over his shoulder. “I’ve got a crew up there with semi-automatics.  Like the sign says, trespassers will be shot.”
The bearish man turned to the small crowd.  “See? They’re hiding something.”
Trent started to turn back, but Chris gripped his arm. “What the hell are you so afraid of?”  
Trent stopped and examined the hand on his arm, which Chris released.  Trent turned back toward the Foot and began to walk even faster.
 “Tell me what’s going on.” Chris struggled to catch up.  “It looks like you haven’t slept in days.  What are you making up there?”
“Nothing’s going on,” Trent said. “I don’t trust what’s his name—Binny, Gunga Din, whatever.  He’s not who he says he is, I know that much.”
  Maybe Binny did have something to do with Trent.  Maybe from some sort of police agency, like Interpol.  “Tell me what’s going on.  Maybe I can help.”  
“I’ve done business with Indians,” Trent said.  “They’ll steal the sandals off your feet while you walk down the street. He planted those tracks.”  Trent button hooked into Chris’s path, bringing them eye to eye, both breathing hard. “You know different?”
Trent’s eyes became the hot points of twin soldering irons firing up to administer the optical lie detector test.  Chris blinked.  He considered confessing his role in making the tracks with their father, but decided against it.  The Foot stood beyond a thin screen of trees.  “Cut it out.” Chris stepped around Trent.  “We’re late.”  
“They can wait.  Hey, just so you know—I’m doing the talking in there.”  
“I don’t think so.”  Cannon had refused to issue any specific advice on the negotiations.  “Do what you think is best for the long run,” his father said.  “And remember that in the long run, we’re all dead.”  
A fleet of ragtag vehicles occupied the parking area around the Foot: campers leaned at precarious angles, moss-stained motor homes squatted low, station wagons piled to the headliners with fast food wrappers and gear.  Men parked themselves in clusters of camp chairs outside vehicles, all heads craned in the direction of the arguing brothers.  
“This isn’t the city,” Trent said in a lower voice.  “It’s not one of your vapor companies that blows away in a strong breeze, where it’s no big deal because you can always start another.  You don’t have skin in this game.  So I do the talking.”
You don’t have skin in this game.  The phrase knocked Chris back because he suspected his brother was right.  
Or maybe not.  
He noticed a  vehicle parked beside the chainsaw art corral, a new super duty pickup with fenders like Marilyn Monroe’s hips and the elegant medallion logo of the Sasquatch Education and Research Foundation website—SERF.  The IBM of cryptozoological biped research.  
“Hey,” Trent said. “You listening to me?  Blys stand together.  Nobody gets access to the property.  Agreed?”
Chris looked at his brother and noticed the similarity to the small boy insisting his brother defend him from spiders.  “I’ll consider it.” 
He walked past the menacing carved Sasquatch statue and pulled open a portal to the past.  Merchandise filled racks made of tree limbs.  Rough sawn plank shelves held Doritos and replica foot casts, Cheetos and figurines of hairy bipeds, Twinkies and geodes labeled “Bigfoot missiles.”  Sashes of moss hung from open rafters.  Not a thing changed since he was a kid.
Willa leaned on the counter at the back with elbows planted between the pastry display case and the cash register, hair in a loose braid, stifling a smile and a blush.  “Howdy stranger,” she said. “Long time no see.”  
 Not since last night in the meadow.  “Hi.” He did his best to remain casual, but the complex pattern of freckles on her cheeks proved too fascinating, green eyes illuminated from the inside.  She pointed to the dining area where a small crowd waited at one of three picnic tables.  
“Oh,” he said.  
Harmon Doyle sat beside a small, mousy woman with a curtain of straight gray hair and oversized glasses, her mouth straight as a crack in granite.  It took a moment to recognize Betty Doyle.    
A man rose from the table, immaculate white hair and moustache molded to his handsome head like the host of a nature show.  He wore a sheepskin vest with the same logo as the truck embroidered over the heart.  He extended his hand.  “Hullo. Lionel Bunting, Director of the Sasquatch Education and Research Foundation.”  The British accent strove for the upper crust, each syllable an elocution exercise.  
Trent intercepted the handshake. “Trent Bly of Squatch Creek.  Where you will not be going anytime soon.”  He unveiled a grin like a knife in his belt.   
Bunting smiled as if nothing were amiss.  “A pleasure Mr. Bly.  This is Dr. Walter Sandusky, Professor of Primatology at South Central Washington State.  You may know Walter as the world’s foremost expert on the physical anthropology of the Northwest Sasquatch.”  He motioned to an angular praying mantis of a man who remained seated, legs skewed into the supporting struts of the picnic table.  
“Walter and I were discussing our last trip out here, almost, what, thirty years ago?” Bunting perched at the edge of the table.  “We spoke with your father, then, I believe.  We had hoped he might be here today?”
“He’s very ill,” Trent said, seating himself on the bench next to Betty Doyle so that no room remained for Chris, forcing him to settle at the next table. “He doesn’t need to be disturbed by an army of geeks.”    
“Sorry to hear that,” Bunting said. “We were just recalling that the previous trip proved—disappointing?” 
“I’d say fraudulent.” Sandusky’s fingers raked the stringy white hair covering his bald skull like algae swept by the current over a rock at the bottom of a stream.  “The seams in the latex mold were visible to the naked eye and the impressions indicated a human foot within the outline of the fake.”
“Most unfortunate,” Bunting said. “Obviously planted to promote the Doyle’s museum—which SERF does not support, by the way, as it detracts from the science of cryptozoology.  No offense, Mr. and Mrs. Doyle.  We’re certainly not accusing anyone.”
Betty Doyle’s lips appeared to seal over.  Harmon crossed his arms, the hook grazing Bunting’s leg and prompting him to stand away from the edge of the table.
“People do like to jerk your chain, don’t they?” Trent said.  “Looks like it happened again. Now if you would call off the kooks, we’re done here.”
“Not quite yet,” Bunting said.  “We were of course inclined to write this off as another waste of time, but Sheriff Dalton provided us with some excellent casts, measurements of the trackways and a set of high-resolution photographs.  Early indications point to a significant body of evidence that requires careful evaluation.”
  “That’s Deputy Dalton.” Trent’s frozen grin looked demonic.  “He’s not Sheriff and he has no right to give you anything gathered on my property.  We’ll be obtaining an injunction and evaluating a lawsuit against the Sheriff’s office and anyone who utilizes illegally obtained materials.”
“It’s public information, Mr. Bly.  No crime was involved.” Sandusky crossed his arms.  
“We’ll see about that,” Trent said.  “But in the meantime, it sounds like you’ve got your casts and pictures already, so you can go home.”
“I’m afraid not,” Bunting said.
“Sheriff Dalton is an excellent amateur thanks to his law enforcement training,” Sandusky said.  “But he’s not a scientist.”
“Like I said—it’s deputy Dalton, at least until I get his ass fired.”  
“I think not,” Bunting said.  “Sheriff Green recognizes the value of Sasquatch lore to tourism in a depressed economic region.  I can reach him on his mobile if you wish and see if he wants to re-open the investigation?”  Bunting extracted the latest model smartphone from his vest pocket.  “I have his number here from our conversation this morning.”
“You’re not getting access to the property,” Trent said.  “So why don’t you just bugger off?”
“Strike camp, bucko,” Harmon said in the general direction of the experts. “Bigfoot doesn’t need your help.”
“Harmon,” Betty Doyle said. “Shut up.”  Chris had forgotten she even sat at the table until her voice cut through the squabbling like an industrial laser. She motioned to Bunting. “Get to the point.” 
Bunting nodded deferentially.  “Surely we can work something out. This may represent a Class C contact. We request entrée to the site to enable Dr. Sandusky to take additional measurements.  It would be wonderful if you would do this for science.”
“Go fish,” Trent said.  
“We’ll be glad to play chaperone,” Betty Doyle said.  “Lead the tours and pay a dollar a head.”    
 “We can work something out.” All eyes turned toward Chris as if he’d materialized from another dimension.  “Dad has always supported scientific inquiry and he wants to be neighborly—I don’t think fees are necessary.  But controlled access is essential.  Anybody roaming around out there might get more than they bargained for.”  Chris looked at Trent.
Trent and Harmon scowled at the same time.  
“I said shut up, Harmon,” Betty Doyle said.  Chris saw the hint of a smile on her face behind the glasses and the curtain of hair.  A flash of Willa.  
Trent craned in his seat, throwing dagger eyes.  Chris wondered if they might be about to resume the fistfight abbreviated in the tree house all those years ago.  “Sorry, brother, I have to represent Dad’s wishes here. We can fence in a corridor up to the flats.”
Trent stood, wearing a grin usually reserved for the last act of horror movies.  “First good rain and that’s a mud pit.” He looked at Chris. “You best watch out for the weather.  It shifts pretty suddenly around here.”  He slammed the door shut on his way out.
Bunting and Sandusky sat smiling.  Harmon remained sullen.  
“Looks like we’ll need that website,” Betty said. “When can you have it running?”
“This afternoon,” Chris said. “But I need a picture of Mr. Doyle.  He’s the one who’s dealt with Bigfoot up close and personal.”  Chris held his breath as Harmon regarded him with perplexed malevolence.  Violence still appeared to be a possibility.
“Is that true, Mr. Doyle?”  Bunting said.
“Maybe no.”  The flicker of a smile eroded the corners of his scowl.  “Maybe yes.”



­ Chapter 23—Laundry Tourists in Fake Bavaria
Chris’s inventory of clothes had long exceeded their freshness expiration date, the underwear, jeans and shirts he’d brought achieving a degree of funk unacceptable even in a college dorm.  Time to face the inevitable ordeal of laundry.
Washing at Squatch Hill always held certain challenges before the arrival of dry weather in mid-July, especially around drying the clothes.  Cannon once rigged a set of pulleys and lines to hoist the wash up to the warmer reaches of the main dome—a success until Trent attempted to fly across the room, ripping a pulley out of the wall and resulting in a trip to the emergency room and a cast on his arm.  
Chris dimly remembered the existence of a gas washer and drier fitted to run on propane.  He hauled his duffle bag through a spider-webbed passageway to the neglected space of the utility dome, cobwebs and dust coating the washer and drier, now rusted and unusable.  Tools, wheelbarrows, posthole diggers, augers, spreaders, rakes and shovels rested on metal shelves in various states of oxidation.  An empty bag of fertilizer lay like desiccated roadkill, leftover from the enormous garden Swann once kept in the big flat area beside the main dome.  A trail of pellets crunching underfoot indicated there had been more of the bags.  
Laundry meant going into town.  He couldn’t stay holed up forever.
* * *
Cannon bolted metal poles onto a lawn chair at the workbench near his desk/bed.  
“What is that?” Chris said.
“Haven’t you ever seen a palanquin before?” Cannon said.  
“Not outside of a movie.”
“A sadly neglected form of transportation.  The poor man’s Segway, assuming the poor man has cheap labor at his disposal.  A wheelchair isn’t practical around here.”
Cannon hadn’t been able to manage more than a few steps since the trip back up the hill from planting the tracks.  Chris wondered how they’d ever made it back at all.  He’d gone down a few days later to collect the Bigfoot stilts from behind the spar tree and discovered them missing.  Cannon seemed unconcerned when he reported the theft.  “We’ll know who has them if we hear of more Bigfoot prints,” he said. “It’s probably a good thing they’re gone.”
The response didn’t seem right.  Chris wondered whether Cannon had gone down himself and retrieved the stilts, or if he’d recruited another accomplice. But being Cannon Bly’s son had always required tolerating a certain amount of mystery—something Chris realized he wasn’t particularly good at.
The events of recent weeks had misdirected him like the flick of red lining in a magician’s cape while the tiger vanished. He’d met Willa in the meadow every night it wasn’t raining, and in the cave when it was.  It became increasingly difficult to go their separate ways in the dark.  Time to get serious.  About a lot of things.  “Dad, it’s time you went to chemo.”
“So they can guess wrong about how long I’ll last and sock me into the hospital for an endless series of tests?  I think not.  What’s your problem?”
“My problem is you won’t take care of yourself.”
“No.  Your problem is that my impending death makes you think about how you’re spending your own life.”
Chris wished that his father had learned to be more diplomatic and less accurate.  “Tough talk for somebody who needs people to carry him around,” Chris nodded to the palanquin.
Cannon grunted.  “So what exactly do you want?  I’m busy.”
If his father couldn’t walk, he couldn’t run.  On Monday morning, Chris resolved to throw his father in the van and drive to the cancer center in Seattle.  “Laundry,” he said. “I need to do some and thought I’d offer to do it for the rest of us too.”
“Excellent.  A chance to road test the chair.  Trent is still dug in at Fort Bigfoot, so grab our friendly Ghurka.  I’m sure he’ll enjoy the ride and we have business to discuss anyway.”  
* * *
Chris felt politically incorrect asking Binny to help carry a palanquin, but he appeared delighted at the opportunity to help, or at least to avoid another day of lectures on the metaphysics of inter-species communication.  They loaded Cannon into the cab of the pickup and filled the truck bed with eight pre-sorted wicker bushel baskets of laundry, most of it Swann’s, plus Chris’s duffel bag.  They sat three across on the cracked green vinyl bench seat and the starter whined like a child throwing a tantrum until the engine coughed to life with a series of small explosions.  
When the access road met the highway, Chris signaled left toward the towns on the western slope.  “Whoa,” Cannon said.  “We’re headed to Leavenworth.  Take a right.”
“Leavenworth?” Chris said.  “Why?” 
“Excellent Laundromat, German beer and the only European vacation in the immediate neighborhood.”
Chris turned east and followed the steepening grade up Stevens Pass, beyond the empty pullouts where cars donned chains in the winter.  The pickup labored in the slow lane, governed by the load, increasing altitude and advancing age.  They had plenty of time to watch the sun play over the jagged snow-covered Cascade peaks tearing open the sky as 18-wheelers pulled around them.  The outside world looked strange and new.  It was easy to imagine making a break for some promised land, refugees crossing a border with a truck full of exotic clothes to sell on the black market.  Laundry migrants.
Binny stared rapturously out the window.  “This is looking like my home.  Except your mountains are being much smaller.” 
They passed the ski area near the summit and descended into a drier climate, mountains walling off the advance of marine air and trees spaced farther apart.  An opaline Wenatchee River meandered through Tumwater Canyon, a string of lush postcard pictures accordioning down the hillside.    
At last, they reached the outskirts of Leavenworth and its Bavarian-themed false fronts decorated with jigsaw gingerbread trim.  Buildings sported oversized eaves, stucco, decorative shutters, pastel paint and flower boxes.  An umpah band clad in Tyrolean hats and lederhosen warmed up in the little park by the road.      
“Is this a hill station?” Binny said as they pulled up to Der Laundry Haus.
“More of a tourist trap,” Chris said. “The town went Bavarian in the 1960s to avoid sinking into oblivion when the railroad left.  Gift shop capitalism at its finest.”  
“Oh cut them some slack,” Cannon said. “These folks decided to fight for survival instead of giving up. It’s admirable.”
Chris considered pointing out the irony of this observation versus his father’s approach to treatment, but decided against it.  “Just repeating my father’s comments from every time we came through here.  You couldn’t stand this place.”  
“Well, I’ve matured,” Cannon said. “I suggest you do the same.  Go start the laundry.”  Cannon reached under the seat of the truck and heaved a cloth bank bag filled with rolls of quarters into Chris’s lap.  It seemed to require all his strength.
Chris and Binny unloaded the baskets while Cannon remained in the truck.  An entire bank of machines soon frothed with Bly clothing.
“Come on Dad, we’ll carry you inside,” Chris said.
“Like hell.  No road trip is complete without lunch.  Fetch my palanquin, boys.”
* * *
The dirndl-skirted waitress led them to a picnic table in the Bier Garten facing the mountains rising above Icicle Creek.  Her nametag said Gretchen, a strawberry blonde with an attractive lopsided smile, her corseted blouse threatening to spill breasts full as twin overfilled beer steins. “Good to see you again, Mr. Bly” she said, handing out menus.    
“Good to see you again too, my dear.  I can’t read this menu very well without my glasses.  What is this here?”  Gretchen leaned over Cannon’s shoulder to pronounce a string of guttural consonants.  Chris noticed a wedding ring on her finger and it struck him that she probably had a husband and children, her real name probably Debbie.  
Sun filtered into the outdoor garden onto the picnic table with the red checked tablecloth.  His father was right—these people were heroes of kitsch, survivors of the American experience.  Bypassed by the economy and still fighting.  Willing to sell trinkets and sling beer in low cut blouses to live in this rain shadow paradise.  He felt a sudden urge to see Willa, lead the cave tour, open a fruit stand.  His measure of success had experienced a tectonic shift.
Cannon ordered bratwurst and German potato salad and beer all around, unswayed by interrogation of the menu or any survey of preferences from his companions.  The beer came fast in mugs frosted thick with ice.  “You gotta love this place.” Cannon sucked down a third of his beverage to emphasize the point, licking off a foam mustache.  
Chris took several swallows of beer and recognized its considerable alcohol content. “I do.  I love this place.”
“You know my biggest regret?” Cannon said.
Oh hell, here it came—the equal and opposite reaction.  The most likely answer had to be his first marriage, which produced Chris and Trent.  Or not patenting some world-changing invention that somebody else stole and converted into billions of dollars.  Chris took another swallow of beer.  “No.  What?”
“Not having done more of this.” Cannon guided his mug through a half-orbit tour of the bier garten, sloughing a mini sleet storm of mug ice over the table.  “More beer quaffing.  More anticipating the arrival of good food in the sunshine.  Meaningless chit chat.  I regret not having squandered more of my life on having a good time, marinating in the moment.”
Chris didn’t believe this for a second, but took several strong swallows of beer anyway.  He had to agree it was good to play tourist in your own life occasionally.  
“What about you, my boy?” Cannon aimed an index finger at Binny.  “Any regrets?”
Binny interrupted his gaze at the mountain peaks, the primary objects of his attention since they left Squatch Hill, blinking as if he had no idea what Cannon might be going on about. “I too am regretting not relaxing.  Missing the having of good times.”
“Bullshit,” Cannon said, leveling a finger at his chest. “Complete and utter crap.  You’re like this character here,” he prodded a thumb in Chris’s direction. “Can’t sit still for a second; always thinking about the next move.  Wrapped up in the Grand Plan, the next future and the one after that, up to and including world domination.  Well let me tell you, world domination is not what it is cracked up to be.”
Chris laughed and Cannon shot him a look.
“Life is more difficult where I am from,” Binny said. “I work hard in the present to have any future at all.”
“Good answer, but I carry a methane detector at all times, and it’s bullshit,” Cannon said. “Plus your fake accent is slipping.  That pet psychic mumbo jumbo is enough to drive any man crazy, but you cook and fix everything in sight and still have the energy to prowl the woods every night.  It all fits into a plan.  The question is, do you own the plan, or does the plan own you?”
Binny did not appear amused.  “At night I sleep very soundly, Cannonji.  Perhaps you see me outside smoking my bidi before I retire.  I take only the one before bed.”
“Of course you do,” Cannon said.  “The model of self control.  I forgot; you’re a military guy.  Used to following orders.”
The bratwurst plates arrived, piled high with sauerkraut, German potato salad on the side.  Cannon ordered another round of beer, though Binny had barely touched his.    
“So give us your vision of the future,” Cannon said when Gretchen had withdrawn.  “What makes you happy?  And don’t tell me you want to be somebody’s cook.”
“No,” Binny said.  “I will be a pet therapist, the senior man.  Liaison with memsab Swann.  A very important position.”  The subservience in his tone had vanished and his eyes had the cold look of a hit man assessing prey, but he clung to a smile.
“You expect me to believe you’re going to set up the whole business and rely on the bossman to pay you a monthly salary amounting to less than the tab for this lunch?  I don’t think so.  That’s not you.”
Binny’s spine straightened.  “There is nothing wrong with this.” 
“Maybe,” Cannon said. “If you get equity.”
The last of Binny’s pleasant smile evaporated in the afternoon sunshine.  “Why should you be concerned with my situation, Cannonji?”
“Because I like you.  You’re intelligent and you don’t hide it well.  Because in the end, your boss will cut Swann out and take over the business.  He’ll cut you out too, because he can’t afford to depend on one guy.  Everyone deserves better except your employer.  And how is it you understand ‘equity?’”
 “Sa’b, I am not understanding.  I nod to be polite.”  The sideways waggle of the head.
“Sure, sure,” Cannon said.  “But just remember that if you don’t charge what you’re worth, you’re another variety of coolie.  If Mr. Big isn’t giving you equity, then fuck him.” Cannon drained his beer, thumping the empty mug onto the picnic table.
Binny looked like he yearned to disappear into the peaks.  He took a swallow of beer and moved slightly down the bench.  “I have no wish to ‘fuck’ my employer, Mr. Bly.” 
Gretchen approached from behind and deposited three more frosty mugs, withdrawing with the grace and speed of a ballerina. 
“It’s much easier to understand you now, by the way,” Cannon said.  “The country bumpkin act gets pretty thick.”  
Chris realized through his accumulating buzz that Binny’s accent had dissolved into an approximation of a well-educated Briton.  
Binny concentrated on slicing through the bratwurst, placing a forkful into his mouth and chewing thoughtfully.  Cannon and Chris took a gulp of beer in unison and set their mugs down at the same time.  It was impressive to see his father work.
“Mr. Whadera is my employer,” Binny said.  “Loyalty is part of my culture.”
Whadera.  The name seemed both familiar and wrong.      
Cannon carved off a substantial fraction of sausage, charged it with kraut, and loaded it into his mouth, a tendril of kraut dangling from the corner of his lip.  He chewed with care and washed it down with beer.  “Your boss is obscenely rich, isn’t he?  Huge house, imported cars, lots of servants, good liquor?”
“Correct.”  Binny didn’t attempt the accent.  
“In my experience, loyalty is the product of effective brainwashing.  You’re the one taking the risks.”
“For which I will be—compensated.”  Binny sounded on the verge of an aristocratic snit, posture erect as a rider in the hunt.  
“You live in Delhi, right?” Cannon asked.
“Yes.  I must live where I work.”  
“So do you have a place in Gorkaland?  A little farm up in the Himalayan foothills maybe?”
“No.”  
“Well, if you were paid what you were worth, you’d own a mountain or two. You could do that as part of our little trans-hemispheric multi-national virtual hill station.  Of course there’d be some risk involved.”
Binny smiled a bit.  “I would need to drink your Kool-Aid, so to speak?”
“Like I said, you’re a bright guy.”
The alarm on Chris’s wristwatch pierced the silence.  It had been forty minutes since they’d pumped the braces of quarters into the row of washing machines.  Time to transfer the clothes to the driers.
“Chris, would you mind doing the honors?” Cannon said.  
“Sure,” Chris said.  Leaving the bier garten he looked back to assess whether Binny might assassinate Cannon, but it was evident that his father had the situation under control.  The Binny sitting at the picnic table looked very different from the man who had arrived at the door at Squatch Hill three weeks prior.  Chris had never noticed the profound sadness in the man’s eyes until now.
* * *
The fifth quarter dropped into the high capacity drier with a hollow clang reminiscent of a name he associated with ping pong: Mal-hot-ra.  Mr. Malhotra—not Whadera—had dispatched Binny to become a psychic pet therapist.  Chris had seen the emails from Delhi addressed to Swann.  The name Whadera had its own unique spectral resonance in memory, but he was unable to dial it in, no matter how many quarters he pumped into the driers.  
* * *
That evening, Chris discovered Willa curled up asleep in the meadow on the blanket they’d stashed there.  She stirred as Chris spooned her to provide some protection against the chill.  They remained still, safety enveloping them—until a segment of memory snapped him back to the realization that he was a tourist.  There would come a day when he would have to choose whether to stay or go.
Willa tried to draw his arm over her, but found it did not cover her any further.  “Sorry,” she said.  “Must have dozed off.”
“It’s all right.”  They cuddled closer.  The publicity from the newspaper and the web site had succeeded in packing the Museum and Cave Tour, the bus making continual circuits from morning to night.  Willa and her family chaperoned an unending parade of groups up to see the prints, past Trent’s strange camp hidden by a fallen log and tarp screens.  Chainsaw sculptures flew out of the parking lot, especially the new series:  Bigfoot with coffee mug beside water cooler; Bigfoot chopping wood with a stone axe; Bigfoot with barbeque tongs and apron.  When she wasn’t wielding a chainsaw or leading tours, Willa helped behind the counter.  No telling how long the boom might last.
Chris remembered that Trent’s fortress lay not far away from where they were now.  “Sooner or later Trent is going to find out we’re meeting here,” he said.  
“I pass them on the way.  They’re so busy doing something that they wouldn’t notice a brass band marching through.  I wonder if Trent has finally gone over the edge.”
“Maybe,” Chris said.  “Come up to Squatch Hill with me.  We can use the back door to my room and nobody will know.  There’s an actual bed—a novelty.”  Binny and his dogs might announce them coming up the hill, but he didn’t care.  He wanted to spend an entire night with Willa in a warm bed.  Like a normal couple.  
“I can’t.” Willa yawned.  “It’s too far, and I’m so tired I’d fall asleep and you’d have to carry me home and explain how you ravished me.  Again.”
“I could do that.”  He felt the blind gazes of the statues carved into the trees, watching with eyes permanently closed, inquiring as to his intentions.  Prepared to judge any hesitation. “I’d be happy to do that.”
“Sorry,” she said.  “We need to slow down this runaway train.   I’ll come up the hill in a few days and we’ll talk.  For now, I want to be here with you.  Just don’t fall asleep too.”  
 “Okay,” he said.
“I love you,” she said, eyes closed as one of the statues.
“I love you too.”
Sooner or later, he would need to stop playing tourist.    



Chapter 24—Alarm Clock
Chris found his father sitting up in bed the next morning, lips blue, skin glacier melt cold.  He searched frantically for a pulse he knew he would not find.
The fan of Cannon’s computer wheezed, the keyboard with the extra long extension cable laid out next to him, the CRT flickering, a monstrous old thing mounted on a swing arm like an industrial robot so he could work from bed.  The beige plastic had aged to the color of a smoker’s teeth, grime settled into the side vents.  Obsolete long ago, way past end-of-life.  A big tarnished brass windup alarm clock provided the only other heartbeat in the room.  
It figured that the sound of mechanisms would serve as comfort to Cannon instead of an irritation.  It struck Chris that someone else’s personal token might be a favorite hat, a pair of shoes or belt buckle, but for his father, machinery mattered most.
He looked at the alarm clock.  He resented not having enough time to convince his father to agree to chemo, radiation or experimental drug trials.  Not enough time to find a new direction, a solution to—what?  The problem of life?
Surely, the fault could not be all his own.  Cannon Bly had a share in the blame, having smoked for forty years.  Left patents undefended, allowed several small fortunes to escape, neglected to apply ample genius to the maintenance of anything, including family.  The regret he’d conjured in the bier garten had been the failure to waste time.  Chris could compile a list of better candidates scrolling well below the bottom of the screen, but that would be pointless.  The deadline had passed.
Chris closed out of email on the ancient computer and watched the familiar shutdown ritual of the obsolete operating system.  He sat in the decrepit  swivel chair at the desk, staring absently at books, notepads, drawings and windmill models.  He noticed the envelope resting beside the alarm clock and picked it up.  It bore the words “To Swann in the Event of My Death” scribbled in an almost illegible hand.  
A tear fell on the envelope as if out of blue sky.
* * *
Chris went to Swann’s room and gave her the envelope.  She charged into Cannon’s room.  Not knowing what else to do, Chris called 911.  
A cruiser pulled up in front of the house twenty minutes later.  Sheriff Green bounded out of the passenger seat, a man of late middle age with hamsterish cheeks and wiry grey hair under a white cowboy hat, like a clown in the wrong costume.  Roy Dalton unfolded himself from the driver’s seat and reluctantly following the Sheriff to the door.  
“This way,” Chris said, leading the men to Cannon’s room.  Swann was nowhere to be seen.  The men began to inspect the contents as if looking for clues and Sheriff Green gravitated to the vials on Cannon’s nightstand.  “Quite a collection of pills here.  They don’t have labels.  Did he have prescriptions for all of these?”
Swann appeared in the doorway in a simple grey floor length dressing gown, which gave her the aspect of a grim reaper in training.  “What does it matter?  He had cancer.”  Swann looked at Chris, who already knew he’d made a mistake calling the law.  Her face registered profound sadness and something else—frustration at helplessness.  Anger at inevitability.  Tears for what she could not change and defiance for the rest.
“Sorry for your loss, Ma’m.” The Sheriff removed his hat and placed it briefly over his heart, repositioning it with the brim angled a few degrees off center.  “This one looks like amphetamine.”
 “Does.  It.  Matter?”  She pulled herself up to full height, towering over him.  Her terrible grief would have intimidated men far stronger and well armed. 
Green appeared to process a calculation.  “No Ma’m.”  He glanced around the room, but found nothing more of interest.  “I suppose it doesn’t.”  Roy Dalton looked at his boots.    
Swann turned to Chris as the men got back into the cruiser.  “Please don’t call anyone else without consulting me,” she said, collapsed back into an eerie calm sadness.  “Now please go find your brother and sister and my grandson and bring them here.  We need a family meeting.”  Tears began to flow down her face in steady streams.
* * *
Chris found his brother and Randy in their sleeping bags, the supplies under the tarp gone.  There were remnants of an oversized bonfire, with ash everywhere. Chris had rehearsed the gentle delivery of the news on the way down the hill, but seeing his younger brother wasting his life on this insanity pissed him off.  He shook him by the shoulder. Trent’s eyes fluttered and he squirmed away from Chris’s grasp.
“Get up.  Dad’s dead.”  He regretted saying this as soon as it came out—like he’d thrown a punch at someone asleep.  
Trent twisted out of the clinging fabric and struggled to his feet.  “What did you say?”
Chris collected himself.  “Dad died last night.  I found him this morning.”  
Trent sank to the ground, body folding in on itself as he sat cross-legged in the dirt. He put his hand over his mouth like an old man lost on the road to nowhere.
Chris felt like he’d let his brother down.  Everyone else too. “Swann would like everyone up at the hill for a family meeting.  Do you want me to tell Trillium?”  
“No. This will destroy her. I’ll tell her.”  
* * *
The little band of refugees struggled up the path to the hill, Trent supporting a semi-collapsed and sobbing Trillium, half-dragging her with an arm around the waist.  SkyFish brought up the rear with furtive glances at all directions offering escape.  
Swann charged around the house, brushing away the tears tracking her cheeks like a swarm of gnats.  They gathered at the kitchen table, Swann pacing in tight circles, the hem of her grey dressing gown whipping through each abrupt turn. “Trillium.” She pointed at her daughter.  “Please pull yourself together.”  Trillium’s sobs lessened.  SkyFish perched on a three-legged stool by the window, ready to fly.  
“What’s going to happen now?”  Trent said.  “With the property?  The tree house?  All of this?”
“You bastard.” Trillium slid away from Trent, chair legs screeching like molars biting ice.  “How can you think about land at a time like this?”
Trent stared at Trillium.  “Sorry.  I’m concerned about our home.”  
“I’m not sure about all that,” Swann said. “I’ve always refused to participate in negative thinking, and wills are the ultimate surrender.  Your father’s lawyer in Seattle will handle all of that later.  The mortuary will be here in an hour or so to collect the body and this is the last chance you’ll have to be with your father.  He’s left clear instructions—which I don’t agree with, but will follow to the letter.  He wishes to be cremated, immediately and without ceremony.”  She looked around the table, ready to extinguish any sign of mutiny.
Trillium issued another squall of tears.  
“My darling, you know I love you, but I really, really need you to shut up,” Swann said. 
 Trillium viewed her mother with a mix of wild animal terror and fury, snorting back a plug of mucus and punctuating her sobs to full stop.   
Trent looked out the window.
“Thank you,” Swann said.  
“Look,” Trent said. “Those Sasquatch nut cases are still down at the south boundary, coming under the fence at night—we need razor wire.  I have to get back.”  He stood and SkyFish, his shadow, rose behind.
“Sit down,” Swann said.  “We’re almost done here.  Your father didn’t believe in tradition, so he made up something ridiculous. He wants us to invite his old friends, business partners and enemies here for a wake, during which we will hurl his ashes down the hill using the trebuchet, which you boys will need to get in working order.  We have a week.”
“That’s insane,” Trent said.  “That old thing is rotten.  You couldn’t launch a pile of ashes from it anyway.”
Chris’s brain emerged from fog into the arena of problem and solution.  “Are the ashes going to be in an urn or something?”
“He’s made arrangements for the mortuary to funnel them into a set of heavy duty balloons,” Swann looked at SkyFish.  “I’m sorry, honey. I know this must be upsetting.  Are you all right?” 
SkyFish’s typical emotional state appeared as a cipher with a lost key, yielding no clue whether he felt sad or angry, in shock, oblivious or bored.  
“It could work,” Chris said.  Launching his father’s ashes skyward in one last mechanical lurch seemed magnificently appropriate.  “It’s perfect, really.”  A fault line of laughter wormed its way into his brain despite his best efforts to staunch it, liquefying the ache.  The chuckle became a giggle, then a laugh, clutching his ribs like the claws of some gigantic clockwork bird.  
SkyFish made eye contact with Chris and began to smile, then laugh, even as tears travelled down his cheeks.  A dust devil of irrational delight swept through the desolate room.  
Swann stood still, a grey specter.  “Go ahead and laugh, or cry, or both. Fret about property rights.  Grief takes strange shapes. I will now say goodbye to your father and I request some privacy while I do so.”  She shouldered aside the broken passageway door leading to Cannon’s dome with no apparent effort. Death had bequeathed her a necklace of skulls and the capacity to destroy the world.    
Chris’s laughter subsided to a hollow, aching sob, the hurt in his chest resolving to a solid mass, tears turning cold.  
A keening wail sounded through the dome, gently amplified by the metal Quonset hut passageway, issuing from Cannon’s room like the echo of the ocean through a giant, empty shell.



Chapter 25—Meeting Mrs. Arafat at the Ironic
The house remained painfully quiet that evening and devoid of purpose.  Chris yearned to bury his face in the hollow of Willa’s neck and thought about wandering down to the Foot, but he could not bear to tell anyone else the news, not today.  Swann retreated to her dome and Binny remained in the barn with the dogs.  Chris felt lonely and isolated.
He knocked on the door of Cannon’s dome, expecting to hear his father’s voice saying “what the hell do you want?” revealing this as some bizarre experiment.  No response arrived.   Chris entered anyway.  He plugged his laptop into the wall socket by the desk, expecting no juice, as with most of the outlets in the house, but the green charging light shone without a flicker, the wireless signal strong and steady. A technological security blanket.
Nothing to do on BigfootWorld.com but watch the visitor count increment at a steady rate.  He’d kept the promise he’d made at the beginning of the trip, in the shadow of the Sasquatch statue, to abandon email for the duration, but now he required distraction.
Hundreds of pent up messages gushed onto the screen through the electronic floodgate, a torrent of old news and communications from vendors he had no further need to know, polluted with scams and porn leaking through the spam filter.  He secretly enjoyed spam more than real messages.  Stocks guaranteed to multiply tenfold and devices guaranteed to increase penis size—hopefully not tenfold.  Local hot girls now available, click here for slutty picture.     
Another message arrived as he watched, this one from Yasser Arafat’s widow, desiring help with certain funds held in Swiss accounts, offering twenty milions English-type pownds as a gratitude for yr services.  
Dear Mrs. Arafat, please accept my condolences for your loss.  My own father died yesterday, so I understand your grief.  But he did not type, sitting lost as a packet routed to the .Mars domain. He began to eradicate broad swaths of message queue with the scythe of SHIFT-CLICK-DELETE.
A message from Eve’s email address registered on his retina and he double clicked.  Property settlement requires renegotiation in light of new developments.  No further explanation.  Only the division of assets stood in the way of finalizing the divorce, the legal process feeding her need for conflict.  She regarded his downward trajectory as intentional and aimed at her. No doubt an envelope with new legal horrors festered in his mailbox in the city. He attempted to will a small jump in time back to the moment before opening the message.  When that didn’t work, he changed its properties to “unread.”  
An email from Dean Pixley lurked near the end of the queue, time stamped that afternoon.  New oprtunity.  need 2 talk.  Dean had been Vice President of Marketing and Strategy for JavaClue, Inc., the company Chris poured his soul and remaining fortune into while everything around him went to hell.  
JavaClue was a bad idea whose time had never come, the computers and furniture sold, staff scattered to the shifting winds without so much as a farewell cake, the only enduring artifacts a stack of CDs containing vast numbers of meaningless bytes of source code.  These 1s and 0s resided in a cardboard box in the minivan parked outside, awaiting a tryst with a heavy-duty shredder and a final resting place in the section of the dump reserved for multi-million dollar confetti.
The conjoined communications from Eve and Dean constituted an omen of the apocalypse already in motion.  Sending his bank account number to Mrs. Arafat made more sense than responding to either message.  But Armageddon at least offered resolution and any path to action seemed preferable to his current state.  
OK, Chris typed in reply to Dean’s email.  Let’s talk. He clicked Send and the greedy electronic ocean sucked away his message in a bottle.  Who knew how long it would take to find its destination—if ever?
Within a handful of heartbeats the reply blooped into his inbox. 2moro, 1030 @ Ironic.  
Tomorrow he would drive to Seattle to mourn the dead.  After all, tomorrow was Monday, the day he meant to drag his father to the hospital.
The End Times had commenced.  
* * *

Chris passed through the door of the Ironic Café, with its rusted steel columns (Ionic columns made of iron, therefore ironic) and approached the stainless steel coffee bar, checking his watch.  Ten forty-five.  Dean’s email said ten thirty.  He had at least half an hour to wait—Dean always ran at least half an hour late.
A young woman caught his eye and smiled from behind the counter.  Lisa.  Crap.
“Hey, there he is,” she said with a friendly lopsided smile.  “Haven’t seen you for a while.”  
Lisa was not a beauty in the conventional sense—a little overweight, a bit plain—but she possessed personal charisma and a genius for customer service.  At precisely the right moment—3.2 seconds after initial eye contact, 1.35 seconds after the smile—she extended some token of recognition and personal knowledge.  She listened to the response—really listened—responded to cement the exchange and rolled to the drink order.  Rhythm and duration varied with the length of the customer relationship, the line, time of day and weather, but her ability to connect, close and transition never faltered.  Hopefully she remained oblivious to the fact that her expertise provided the inspiration and soul of JavaClue.
“Are you okay?”  Her full attention rendered him recognized, welcomed, remembered.  “How’s the startup?”
He battled a strong desire to hug her. “Stupid idea.  We closed up shop about four months ago.”
“Ohmygod—that’s so sad.”  Knit brows indicated profound empathy, as if he’d told her his father died yesterday. He felt an urge to tell her everything.
“Software, right?  I used to think you were a writer.”
Three years before, Chris sat at the table in the corner for hours on end observing Lisa’s every nuance, reducing her skills to algorithms, binding her soul into the architectural logic of code.    
“Nope.  Just a programmer.”  She still didn’t know.   
The barista flexed his body like a racer at the starting line, eager to be off on his chrome machine, tattoos from t-shirt sleeves to metacarpals depicting kabuki demons sword fighting dark suited businessmen.  
“Too bad things didn’t work out,” Lisa said.  “But that’s life, isn’t it?  You puts your money down and you take your chances.  Double tall, two percent latte?  Light on the foam, extra hot?”
It sounded sound like his personal theme song. “Damn you’re good.”  
“Anything to eat?  The chocolate raspberry scones are really-really good?” 
She tilted her head a degree toward the pastry case and hunger flared like angina.  But knowing she held the puppet strings produced resistance, even though he’d left Squatch Hill without eating. “Not this morning.  Thanks.” 
When she turned her back he slipped five dollars into the tip jar, but it didn’t make him feel any better.
* * *
Chris sat against the wall, at the same table where he’d experienced his epiphany three years earlier: what if software could clone an army of Lisas?  
Money wasn’t the issue—he had more than enough at that time.  JavaClue offered the chance to star in the dream, bring an idea from concept to market, play the role of Founder. Visionary. God. 
Entrepreneur.  
“How long to build?” Dean Pixley, marketing and sales guru, asked when Chris pitched the idea.  
“A few months,” Chris said.  “Give or take.” The code unfurled in his head, fully functional and bug free.  
JavaClue took twenty-six months to build, and a few minutes to implode. The system in final form captured a picture of Joe Customer entering the premises, filing away picture, name, drink preference, interests and background.  On Joe’s return, facial recognition retrieved the profile, arming the counter staff with retail ninja magic.  So what’s shakin’ in social networking, Joe? How’s Joe Jr. doing in little league? Double macchiato with hazelnut, extra foam, right?  We still have those chocolate croissants you dig.  
The development phase of JavaClue progressed, a locomotive whose firebox burned cash, competing with Homeland Security for face recognition expertise in the age of al Qaeda, encountering hundreds of technical challenges, glitches, bugs and gremlins.  Chris worked round the clock, neglecting marriage, investments, vacations, haircuts, seasons, evidence of his wife’s infidelity and the War on Terror.  He went months without knowing the day of the week or state of the world.  
Good times.
* * *
Dean swept through the door, the tails of his raincoat whipping behind a scarecrow frame, long grey hair swept by a personal wind.  The receding hairline lent the appearance of speed even as he stood in front of Chris’s stainless steel table with arms spread. “Amigo.”   
Chris rose and received a back-pounding hug, glad of the human contact in spite of everything.  In their last interaction, Dean insisted he was entitled to a six-figure lump sum severance, even though he’d received both a salary and equity.  He’d threatened lawsuits and slander.
Dean stepped back to view Chris like a long lost brother. “Looking good, my man.  Tan and fit.  The plaid thing es muy macho.  Catching up on your sleep?”
Chris hadn’t slept a full night in three years before returning to Squatch Hill, but rested like an innocent since.  
“I’m into a mobile,” Dean said.  “Phones are the new dominant predator, smart little gangsta velociraptors in a world of slow fat PC dinosaurs.  What’s next on your dance card?”
Chris had learned the hard way that the price of sympathy from this vendor carried excessive markup.  “You wanted to talk about business?”
“Yes.” Dean leaned in, cleared his throat. “JavaClue source code.  I’m prepared to take it off your hands.”  He smiled like he’d given the most expensive gift under the tree.
“You mean buy it?”  
“Well, technically you stiffed me on severance and I wasted three years of my life, so it should be part mine anyway.  Plus no sense letting it go down the shitter.”
“Not a chance,” Chris said.  "The contract states I retain sole ownership upon termination, and JavaClue, Inc. is terminated.  Rightfully so.”
“Exactly.”  Dean beamed.  “Totally worthless.  But I may have a use for some of the parts—heavily modified, of course.  It’s a brand new game, bingo, start over.  Who knows, you might see it reincarnated.  Wouldn’t that be incredible?”
“No way.”  
* * *
Eventually, JavaClue had worked smoothly on the bench.  They set up a live test to jolt the monster to life and see how it fared in the village.  
The JavaClue Café masqueraded as another espresso joint opened in the midst of a saturated market, the Ironic and a half-dozen other places situated within a three-block radius. They selected a mediocre coffee roaster and stocked the cases with pastries that tasted stale even when freshly baked.  The ambience spoke of basic storefront, perfumed by a mold problem, the counter staff selected for lack of street appeal.  Success or failure rested squarely on the software, not location, personality or quality.  If JavaClue could make this joint work, world domination lay around the corner.
The system shined.  The counter staff coaxed the clientele to upgrade drinks, purchase pastries and even buy the ugly coffee cups and promotional puce ball caps with the JavaClue logo.  Full color reporting graphics demonstrated an accelerating frequency in return business.  Chris learned to anticipate the moment of gratitude on a customer’s face when his or her name, drink and favorite music came to the lips of a counter person, the yearning for human contact and validation dissected to the nanosecond.  Chris felt both pride and shame in this mastery, but did not understand why.
* * *
At the end of the test period, twenty-eight months after starting, four months in the distant past, Chris and Dean met Blaise, the software development lead during the morning rush at the JavaClue Café.  Blaise scheduled the meeting under the subject line “Final Test.”  They sat together at the usual table in the back as the line snaked past the counter, the morning shift playing the customers like a well-worn sonata.  Dean joined them late, as usual. 
“Gentlemen, my vision is complete.” Dean swept an arm past the line. “We demo to Starbucks next week, and it’s practically a done deal.  Let’s hurry this up, ‘cause we’ve got to get busy being obscenely fucking rich.”
Chris felt like a marathoner within sight of the finish line, legs turning to wet rope.  The burn rate had converted his option money to smoke. Eve had moved out a week prior.  All he had to do was stagger forward across the finish line.  
“Maybe.”  Blaise favored antique Hawaiian shirts, cargo shorts and Birkenstocks year round, wool socks his only concession to bone chilling damp.  His frizzy gray ponytail permanently confined to the same blue rubber band.  
 “I assure you, there is no maybe.  We are all going to be very filthy fucking disgusting rich,” Dean said to Blaise. “You a lot less so since you only have a token share.  Fool.” 
This didn’t seem to bother Blaise, since he’d earned his Fuck You money at the same software behemoth as Chris.  Blaise continued to work to fulfill his most basic motivation—the need to be right.  He squinted through wire-framed glasses riding halfway down his large nose, as if straining to see some hidden inner meaning.  “We haven’t tested the riskiest use case. Yet.”  
“Bullshit,” Dean said.  “Test scripts don’t mean shit. We’re live, out of beta, this is happening.  We’ve got a gold plated supernova world-violating winner and it’s time to take this baby out to rape and pillage.”
“We haven’t tested the ethical parameter,” Blaise said.  “Yet.”
“Oh, horse crap,” Dean said. “This is software—there is no ethical parameter.  We’re not breaking any laws.”
Blaise adopted the look reserved for the moment before he proved himself right and everybody else wrong, rose from the table and walked into the gap at the counter between the register and drink pickup.  Chris’s blood ran cold as a frappuccino.     
“Everybody?  Can I have your attention, please?”  Conversations died as customers examined the man in the Hawaiian shirt with raised hands.  Eyes elevated from laptop screens and a few newspapers.  Dry pastries remained unchewed.  People advised their cell phones to hang on a sec. 
“Thanks.  We need to ask one question regarding your experience here at JavaClue.” 
The room waited. 
“Stop him,” Dean hissed to Chris.  “Fire the fucker.  Now.”  Then, to the room: “It’s okay, folks, we don’t need any poll.  Drinks are on us for the next half hour—Customer Appreciation Day.”
A few people cheered.  The counter staff glared.
Dean attempted to rise, but Chris held him by the shoulder.  “Go ahead,” he said to Blaise. A queasy beast awakened in a dark place.  Depression and Despair already knew the score, a pair of buzzards fluffing their wings.
Blaise squinted.  “You may have noticed that the counter staff remembers your favorite drink and some personal details about yourself.  That’s because we take a picture as you come through the door.” He pointed with two fingers on each hand to the cameras mounted on the high ceiling.  “We match it to a database containing your information—to make you feel more comfortable here, you might say.  What we want to know is whether that’s okay with all of you?”
A barista released a blast of steam from the espresso machine in the midst of the silence that made several people jump.  
A tall bearded man in a brown leather coat and fedora raised his quad Americano in salute.  “I say fuck you.” He tipped the drink into the trashcan and slammed the door on his way out into the drizzle.  
The line at the counter melted and the café emptied, shoes splashing through a river of tan liquid bleeding across the floor.  
Blaise squinted at Dean. “Test complete.  Fucking rich equals null.”
* * *
“It’s not completely worthless,” Dean said to Chris.
“Yes.  It is.” Even if experience indicated a certain inadequacy in his moral compass, he knew this much to be true. Still, he felt shaky about the prospect of walking away from JavaClue yet again.  A wobbliness in resolve originating from residual hope, post-traumatic stress, the death of his father or too much coffee on an empty stomach.  Or the prospect of having created something excellent from scratch, that draw strong as any opiate.  Temptation might not have to spend much for his soul this particular morning.  
“I’ll write you a check,” Dean said.  “This very minute.”  
“How much?”  Chris needed to hear the amount.
“Fifty K.”  
“Fifty thousand?  Really?”
“Yeah. Fifty grand.”
Fifty thousand dollars.  The exact amount Bill Gates paid for an operating system from Seattle Computer Products, re-licensed in a matter of days to IBM for their first personal computer.  An amount in high tech as recognizable as thirty pieces of silver.  Any other sum might have enabled Chris to sweep hard won lessons aside in favor of the caffeine and sugar rush of success.  But this price spelled 

SUCKER

in seventy-two point type.  
Dean looked on with smug expectation.  
“No, Dean,” Chris said.  “Forget it.  It’s over.”
“Okay, yeah, forget that,” Dean waved his hands, erasing the Etch-a-Sketch of the previous moment, a sheen of panic glossing his eyes.  “I meant one hundred thousand.”
“Do they realize what kind of PR nightmare they’d be in for,” Chris said.  “Or will it be a surprise?”
Dean displayed his wolf eel smile.  “Let me worry about PR.  1984 is just a year in the past with bad music and funny hair.  We were just ahead of our time by a few nanoseconds.  Besides, if you want to hang onto the code, you’ll have to pay all over again anyway.  Two-fifty, straight up, brother.  I can deliver to a Caymans account so nobody need ever know—not Uncle Sam or Aunty Eve.”
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars seemed like real money, but he needed the success even more.  “So you already told Eve about this.”  
“Told her?  Are you crazy? I would never do that in a million years to my buddy,” Dean said. “Of course those lawyers do find out everything, man.  They’re fucking ruthless.”  Oscar-worthy shock and surprise played on Dean’s face as he placed palms flat on the table and locked pupils, not looking away or blinking, proving once again that he could lie with the best—the consummate Marketing guy.  “Four hundred K.  Last and final.”
 “There’s no cell phone job, is there?” Chris said.
“Come on.”  He turned hands up on the table.  “I had to sell the Porsche.  These people are hungry.  They want exclusive rights, they know the risks, but the upside is huge.  We’ll go fifty-fifty.  If you won’t do it for me, do it for yourself.”
Chris realized that something about Dean’s rumpled coat, wild hair and raven’s voice reminded him of his own father.  Perhaps all of them worked for the devil already and there was no point in pretending otherwise.  The upside was huge.
“Fuck off,” Chris said, too loudly for the inside of a crowded café.  Heads turned as he exited the Ironic, but he did not slam the door.



Chapter 26—Sandwich

He found himself knocking on the door of a small, meticulously restored Victorian house on the western edge of Seattle with a view toward the broken teeth of the Olympic Mountains. His mother answered the door after a few knocks, an avian woman with grey hair and fashionable glasses wearing a shawl featuring an intricate black and white pattern of birds in flight.  
“He’s dead, Mom.” He realized how unprepared he was speak this aloud, the words requiring physical effort, like carrying a great weight up many flights of stairs.  
“Yes, I know.”  Her expression remained unreadable as a professional poker player’s.  “Swann called—she was quite gracious.  She’s worried about you, but I assured her that you’d do the right thing, whatever that might be.  Come in.” 
No dust bunnies serried across the hardwood floors under the legs of brocade-covered living room furniture, no ragged banners of cobwebs hung from the ceiling.  The house smelled of cleaning products, furniture polish and vegetarian cooking, not even a film of dust on the top edge of the picture frames.  Chris became conscious of wood smoke bleeding from his clothes and saw the crust of mud around the soles of his boots as he placed them on the shoe rack.  He’d entered the mirrorworld opposite Squatch Hill.  
“Would you prefer a coffee shop? Dealing with a surviving parent in this circumstance can seem like a betrayal.  Neutral ground might be more comfortable?”  She spoke with the formality of a second language, in a detached off kilter emotional accent.    
“No thanks, Mom.  I’m burned out on coffee shops.”  
“Of course.  Have a seat.” She indicated the couch in the front room.  “Would you like something to drink?  I could make some coffee for you here?”
He craved scotch, straight up.  “Actually, I’m good.”  
“I’m having tea myself.”  She collected her cup and saucer and settled into a wingback chair formerly resident in her counseling office, the stuffing permeated by the confessions, complaints and intimate confidences from a decade of clients. “So how are you processing this?”
“Not well.” He found himself unprepared to reverse engineer his psychological state—something his mother would do for him anyway.  She’d earned a PhD in Psychology after her divorce, fond of saying her only recourse in learning how to deal with people had been a formal course of study.  She made a career out of analyzing the irrationalities of human interaction as chemical compounds reacting in semi-predicable patterns.        
“I’m not surprised,” she said.  “You’ve lost your wife, fortune, business and father in the span of a few months. A good recipe for turmoil.”
“JavaClue tanked.”  He’d avoided telling her most of all.
“Your father told me.  I knew you’d let us know in your own time.  And now you have.  Thank you.”
“No problem,” Chris said.  “Sorry to disappoint.”
“There’s no disappointment in you. I just want you to be happy. You’ll be fine—human beings are resilient that way.”  
“I don’t feel particularly resilient.”  
“Oh, but you are. When times are tough, we tend to think they will always be tough, even if that usually isn’t the case.  Businesses and marriages and lives all have ends.  We grieve when they die.  After awhile, we begin again.”
As always, he found it hard to detect any variation in her emotional weather, her thermostat set to a constant sixty-five degrees year round.  “Mom,” he said.  “Why did you and Dad break up?”  The question surprised him as much as her.  
“Oh.”  Martha Bly removed her eyeglasses and leaned back in the chair, plucked the teacup from the end table, cradled it with her opposite hand and caused it to hover before her lips as she blew on what appeared to be tepid liquid.  She took a sip and contemplated the flavor.  “I’ve always expected you to ask some day—it’s the central problem for every child of divorce.  Why did my parent leave?  Was it me?”
His craving for scotch renewed.  No sense stopping now.  “Was it?”
“In a peculiar way, yes.”
Chris picked up a silk embroidered pillow from the couch and hugged it to his chest.
“But not like that.  Let me explain.”  She smoothed the already perfect wings of her scarf over her shoulders.  “Your father and I became a couple when we were both studying science in school.  He admired my intellect and cheated off my homework in math and chemistry—did you know that?”
“No.”  He hadn’t relaxed his hold on the pillow.
“And you can’t underestimate the influence of sexual attraction at that age. But, otherwise, we were very different.  Those differences became impossible to ignore when you and Trent came along.  Children are like little monsters that way—they turn relationships upside down, force a re-examination of everything.”  She shrugged.  
Shrugs were not something Martha Bly did.  “And what did you find?  When you reexamined everything?”
“I wasn’t a natural mother.  I didn’t fall all head over heels in love with you children as I expected to, as your father promised.  Or as he did.  In retrospect, I suppose you children terrified me.  Turned me into an emotional idiot.  So I threw myself into my work, which at that time consisted of research chemistry.”  She shook her head and laughed as if she’d been the bank robber who wrote the note demanding cash on her own deposit slip.  
This provided no comfort, but he couldn’t retreat.  “So he left because you wanted a career?”
“No.  He left because I ran away from my children via my work.”  She looked out the window. “He left because he guessed—correctly—that the only thing that would force me to bond with you two would be his leaving.  He was right.  And when Swann came along, he didn’t stand a chance.  They were much more alike.”
Chris reached back for the assumption he held since childhood—that his father had walked out on them for Swann.  
“He loved you boys, but he left me, which was neither logical, nor fair.  He made one of life’s suboptimal choices.”  She sat with an enigmatic smile.  “It all worked out in the end.  It’s difficult to admit, but if your father hadn’t left me, I might have left you.”  She threw up her hands and smiled, flushed and near tears.  “And that would have been a tragedy.  Life can be so strange.”   
Strange indeed.  He looked at his mother, trying to solve the simultaneous equations of his parentage, finding himself not up to the math.  He put the pillow back on the couch where it belonged. 
“How is your brother taking Cannon’s death?” 
“I’m not really sure.”  Chris did not think it would be a good idea to try to explain Trent’s current circumstances.  “I’m worried about him.”
“He visited me, you know.  On the way to Los Angeles not too long ago.  The first time we’ve spoken in years.  He dropped by unannounced and sat where you’re sitting now.  He told me how brilliant my grandson is, what a perfect life they have up there in the mountains.  Made it sound like paradise.”
“And did you believe him?”
“Of course not.”  She laughed a little and daubed at the corner of her eye with her napkin, then smoothed the wings of the shawl over her blouse, though it had never moved out of place.  
“Listen,” Chris said. “I have to get back to Squatch Hill.  There’s a lot to clean up.”
“I suppose there is.  Your father was always better at building than maintaining.”  She shrank into the wingback chair, absorbed like a fence rail with the trunk of a tree puckering around it. 
“I haven’t had anything to eat today,” Chris said. “I’m starving.  Do you suppose I could have a sandwich or something?”
“Of course.” Her face lit up.   



Chapter 27—Trebuchet Resurrection    
Chris attacked the vine maple and brush grown through the trebuchet’s timber frame with a rusty, blunt axe, which shattered more than cut the foliage. He expected age and weather to have rendered the huge mechanism immoveable, but the tires proved to be solid rubber, in remarkably good condition.  With the natural screen of vegetation cleared off, the thing loomed to Japanese horror movie proportions, even larger than childhood memories.  
Trent trudged up the hill dangling a half-consumed bottle of Jack Daniels, a rifle slung over his shoulder, like a mercenary after a massacre.  Grayish bags pillowed his eyes.  He silently unslung the rifle, placed it and the whisky bottle on a stump, braced himself against the leading cross member of the trebuchet and began to push.  
This caused not a whisper of movement in the siege engine. He paused.  “Come on, brother.  Put down those huge fucking brains and get your ass in here.”
Chris examined the ten-yard gap separating the current resting place of the machine from the flat shelf at the near cliff of the overlook.  No room existed to maneuver the truck in to push the trebuchet into place.  And if some miracle started the thing rolling, no margin of error separated it from plunging into the ravine.  
Trent took a seat on the crossbeam.  “Well, we tried—or I did anyway.  You could at least hand me the damned bottle.”
Chris retrieved the bottle and took a swallow, the sweet burn of whiskey cutting the bitter aftertaste of too much coffee.  He had a strong desire to find Willa, but she’d said she would come up in a few days and that arrangement had taken on the significance of a sacred trust. 
“Mom says hi.” Chris handed Trent the bottle.  “I had to go into Seattle for some business, so I dropped in.” He’d returned the night before, prolonging the drive by taking back roads, lost most of the way.  Sometime after midnight, he discovered himself before the dark and silent buildings at Squatch Hill rather than hanging upside down from his seatbelt up a logging road.  
“How’s she talking the news?”
“She’s okay.  Upset, I think.  But okay.”   
“Good.  That’s good.”  Trent seemed adrift.  “Well.  Get the hell over here and let’s push this sucker into place.”  Trent took another belt from the bottle and braced himself against the timber.  
“Hang on.” Chris walked to the side, toward the domes, for a better perspective.  Cannon always said perspective was worth thirty IQ points.  
“Typical,” Trent said. “Leave the dirty work to me.” 
Two trees stood close to the overlook, neither large enough to bear the weight on its own.  Chris had seen something in the utility dome behind the old washer and drier that morning while rummaging for the axe.  
 “Wait here,” he told Trent. “Don’t finish the bottle.”
* * *
Chris rigged the two sets of block and tackle used to hoist beams and panels into place on the dome, drawing against the two trees.  “We need to haul simultaneously for this to work,” he said.
Trent regarded his brother with the wry sarcasm presaging conflict.  “Oh, what the fuck.”  He hopped off the treb, took up a line and pulled hand-over-hand.  
Chris grabbed his own line, taking up slack until the lines went taunt, lugging hard as axles groaned and the wheels lifted from their depressions.  The huge device crept forward, frame distorting with torture chamber sound effects, the tips of the trees anchoring the tackle trembling with every pull.  Arm muscles burned and Chris developed respect for the day laborers at Stonehenge, the Great Pyramids and Easter Island.  
The wheels reached the downhill grade, ropes slackening as the trebuchet gathered momentum.  Trent vaulted onto the frame, ride it like a massive surfboard. “Yeeeee-Haaaah!”  
For a terrifying moment, it looked like siege engine and passenger would hurtle into the ravine.  The first set of wheels bucked over an earthen speed bump with a noise like an avalanche, ascended halfway up the face of a second berm, paused and briefly reversed direction, rocking to a halt.  
“Crap,” Trent said. “Too bad it didn’t go over the edge.  Time for a test launch.”  He jumped off the cross member and trudged to a pile of ballast rocks by the outhouse, hoisted a smooth rock to his shoulder and wobbled back toward the weight box hanging like the gondola of a hot air balloon.
Chris tore shreds of vine off the weight box, breathing hard.  “Look at this—treated with wood preservative.  The axles are greased, too.”  Both trebuchet and topography had been engineered and scrupulously maintained. 
The stone missed Chris’s head by less than a foot and landed inside the weight box with a report fit for a small artillery piece.  The echo reverberated down the hillside.  
“Hey, goddammit, you could have killed me,” Chris said.  “What’s your problem?” 
“Sorry.  Maybe you’d be safer working.”  He turned back to the ballast pile and cleaned a rock the size of a small raccoon to his shoulder, the chords of his neck flexing like bridge cables.  “Dad left everything to Swann, even the house I live in.  I keep this place running, and all I get is fucked.”
“You don’t know that.  The will hasn’t been read.”  
“Yeah, I do know that.  Dad told me.”
Chris used to envy his brother living out here on the land, close to family. Free from the hassles of the modern world.  “Look, I bet Swann will pass it on to you and Trillium when it’s time.” 
Veins stood out on Trent’s temples like rudimentary horns.  “Right.”  He plunged forward, dancing under the weight of the stone and launching it toward the weight box, where it took a chunk out of the four-by-four lip, then fell to the bottom with the boom of an enormous drum.  
Chris waited for deafness to subside. “Is there a reason dad didn’t give you the old growth?”  
Trent’s nostrils vented a molten core.  “He didn’t want property in my name because it might be seized.  He claimed he agreed to protect the old growth when he bought the land.”
“And why would your property be seized?”
“That’s complicated.” Trent rubbed spider tracks off his forehead. “A dispute over dissolution of a partnership.”
Pieces of the puzzle scattered before Chris, no closer to fitting.  “You did that jewelry import business right out of school. With the guy in those ads?”
“Yeah.  That guy.”
A quarter fell into a slot, a puzzle piece clicked into place.  “His last name isn’t Whadera, is it?”  Chris fetched the bottle of whisky and sat on the back rail of the trebuchet.
“Good memory.”
“Binny works for him?”
“Bingo.”
Chris took another swig of whisky and remembered his father’s deal with Binny forged on the trip to Leavenworth.  “Look, maybe I can help.”
Trent grinned and shook his head, the possibility too remote to consider.  “We’re grown up and with our own lives.  I have a plan and you’d best stay clear.  Besides, we need to get this thing working.”
Chris considered telling his little brother that even the best plans are unreliable, failure most often the fault of the one who fails, but he knew it wouldn’t do any good.  He looked up at the mass of the trebuchet, an enormous invading insect.    
“Okay,” Chris said. 
* * *
They worked without further conversation, scooping wads of dead leaves and fir needles from the wire mesh sling, disentangling branches, ballasting the weight box with the pile of river rocks.
“I think we’re set,” Trent said, grabbing a rock about the size of a squashed grapefruit from the remainder of the ballast pile, tucked it into the sling and made for the release lever.
Chris blocked his way.  “Hang on.  What if it comes down sideways?”  He envisioned the trebuchet tearing itself apart in a convulsion of kinetic energy and flailing timbers, the rock targeting them from above like a smart bomb.  
Trent looked at him with a disgusted expression.  “You worry too much.”
“Probably,” Chris said. “But you’re the one with a wife and kid. Maybe you should worry more.  Stand back.”  
Trent looked at his brother as if about to argue, but opened his hands toward the sky and stepped back.  
Chris gripped the lever, gritted his teeth and pulled.  The great frame shuddered to life, weight box falling like a teeter-totter with a giant on one end, translating gravity to rotation of the throwing arm, whipping the sling into an accelerating clockwork arc.  A great whoosh parted the air and the eyelet on one end of the cable anchoring the pouch slipped off the hook and spit the rock out like a giant watermelon seed.  
The treb’s central beam shook back and forth in the frame, a humongous finger wagging an admonition to the sky.  Chris and Trent drew forward to the lip of the dropoff, the rock hanging over empty space, beginning its downward trajectory.
The tumbling stone took a bite from the spar tree at the base of the hill, shattering rotten wood near its top, rattling the derelict tree and causing the raven to jump skyward, looking back as he spiraled, squawking.
The brothers looked at each other, then back down the ravine, laughing. 



Chapter 28—Siege
A clatter like a medieval army on the move obliterated the quiet morning. Chris came to the front of the dome and saw that the noise originated from a heavy-duty pickup lurching through potholes, a black barbeque pit bucking against its tow hitch.
Chris put on his slick soled running shoes and met the rig as it came to a halt.  A short, spherical man with the profile of a snowman on legs stepped down from the cab, his head bald except for steel wool eyebrows stuck to his forehead.  Thin stubby legs extended from a pair of plaid Bermuda shorts clashing in every dimension of color and taste with the Hawaiian shirt puckering its buttons over a melon-shaped belly.  The man surveyed the compound like an explorer about to plant a flag.  
“Hello, Hodges,” Chris said.
“Hey there Mr. Christian.”     
Chris extended his hand, but Hodges drew him into a Greco-Roman wrestler bear hug.  “Sorry about your dad,” he said, pounding Chris on the back.  “He was some kind of magnificent asshole bastard and we will miss him.”
Tears ebbed into Chris’s eyes, prompted by the reference to his father in the past tense.  Cannon and Hodges had partnered in a personal computer company before anyone but a few nerds cared about the coming ubiquity of beige boxes. They’d been cheated out of millions—or billions, depending on the storyteller’s sobriety.  The venture ended in interlocking lawsuits and longstanding vendettas, Hodges and Cannon friends for life.  
A weather system of aromas enveloped them; barbeque, slow cooked and pungent with sugar, vinegar and spice, combined with the slow funk of hops.  “What is all this?”  
“Leakage,” Hodges said.  “I had delusions of an actual road into this place.  Your Dad and I had a deal: if he went first, I do the catering and vice versa.  He came out ahead on the deal, as usual.  Where do I set up?”
“Anywhere.  But a lot of it will probably go to waste. We’re not sure anybody will show.”
“Oh, don’t you worry.  Nothing’s going to waste.”
Morning sunshine promised the first hot day of the year.  Chris helped Hodges unload tables, kegs and cooler after cooler of sloshing food.  
Swann emerged from the dome dressed in a snow-white cotton garment that made her look remarkably similar to the Statue of Liberty except for the multi-colored dreadlocks restrained by a white scarf that trailed down her back.  The two embraced, the folds of loose fabric curtaining Hodges off into a sort of voting booth.
“You’re looking dramatically well.” Hodges said.  
“It’s a sari.  White is the color of mourning in India.”
“You’re not throwing yourself on any bonfires, are you?”  Hodges said.  “I was told the barbeque was my responsibility.”
“That’s awful, Hodges.  No.  But there is certainly a lot to burn, since such a large part of my life is over.” 
Chris realized that Swann would be alone in the domes if he left, isolated from the world.  He cared about her happiness.  They had transgressed on each other’s lives in spite of their agreement.  
“Ah, come on Swann.  Don’t be saying that.” Hodges looked at the ground, sharing a moment between flirtation and despair.     
* * *
Arrivals walked up the road or drove, first a trickle, then a deluge of mostly balding men with beards, unaccompanied by female companions and maladapted to the trimming of nose hair or the practical use of deodorant. All wore Hawaiian shirts and some manner of shorts, favoring sandals or ankle high boots.  Swann greeted them by name and awarded hugs, holding court from a lawn chair with the sad joy of a goddess in the clouds reviewing human folly.  
Many carried some sort of camp chair, setting them up in clusters as if awaiting the start of an outdoor concert.  Their conversations untangled intricate associations through companies and technical achievements now misplaced in the junkyard of high tech obscurity.  They flocked to barbeque and kegs, migrating from domes to windmill to communications tower and back like a convention of parrots rising, settling then doing it all over again, the conversation peppered with watts, frequencies, ohms, amps, joules and BTUs.   
Trent and SkyFish came up the path from the ravine, jeans on the boy stiff as a business suit, tugging at the collar of the unfamiliar t-shirt like a constricting necktie.  Trent positioned himself with his back to a wall and scanned the crowd with the intensity of a secret service agent.  His black jeans and thermal shirt might have blended in at a normal funeral, but here they stood out like a clown suit. 
“Where’s Trillium?” Chris asked.  
“Somewhere between catatonic and hysterical.” Trent’s eyes darted over the crowd.  “Not in a party mood.  Where’s our man Binny?”   
“In the kitchen, cooking.  Whatever you’re worried about, it’s too crowded for anything to happen.”
“Crowds are the best place for shit to happen.” Trent looked directly at Chris. “That’s why they used to make executions public.”
Chris left his brother to his paranoia.  Surely, the problems with Binny’s employer could wait until after this day.  The same with Willa, Swann, what he’d do next, and the rest.  
Surely all this could wait until after they’d survived this day.      
* * *
The Doyles walked up the road, Betty in the lead wearing a dark blue dress, owl eyes magnified by oversized glasses.  A bolo tie rendered Harmon’s blue work shirt formal, cinched by a chunk of petrified wood bobbing against his Adam’s apple.  Randy shuffled behind in a white shirt, tie and blue jeans bearing a baking dish covered with foil.  Behind them trailed Professor Walter Sandusky and Lionel Bunting of SERF, gazing about as if dropped into a lost world. 
No Willa.  Chris still hadn’t seen her since the day before Cannon’s death, a lifetime ago.  Her promise to come to him had become a test of faith.  Maybe she meant him to ignore her instructions and come to her, in which case he’d already failed.  Maybe she’d meant “don’t call me, I’ll call you.”  He’d replayed the conversation a thousand times, conscious of his tendency to miss important nuances of human interaction.  Every evening he walked down to the grove of sculptures, hoping for her arrival.  He never stayed long, the statues seeming to demand explanations he could not provide.  Everything had changed and he remained stuck.
Willa walked up the road in a flowered print sundress, red hair loose over pale freckled shoulders, dappled sunlight transforming her into a fairy princess strolling out of enchanted woods, dazzling as an unexpected field of poppies.  The eyes of Hawaiian shirted geeks were riveted two-by-two on the vision approaching.  
Betty Doyle relieved Randy of the casserole and presented it to Swann, who accepted the offering and handed it to Hodges, enveloping Betty in a hug befitting a long lost sister.  “We are so sorry for your loss,” Betty said, words muffled by the mummy wrappings.  “We’ve brought you a casserole.  It’s vegetarian and it doesn’t have to be heated—though you can if you like.”
“Thank you so much,” Swann said.  “That is so very thoughtful.  We’ve been such terrible neighbors.”  
Many in the vicinity looked at their feet, unaccustomed to emotional expression.
 “Look. Isn’t that Martha?” someone in the crowd said.  
“Who?”
“You know.  From Research.  Cannon’s first—”  
 Fixed on the tableau of Swann and Betty Doyle, Chris failed to see his own mother approach on the road. “Mom?  What—?”
“Swann graciously invited me.” She cast a questioning eye over the domes and crowd.  It appeared she would bolt if not for the inconvenient choice of heeled shoes causing her to wobble on the uneven ground.  The hand-woven shawl with black and white birds covered the shoulders of a black dress.  “I’m overdressed.”
“Not at all,” Swann said.  “We women bear a responsibility to be decorative. You look lovely.”  
Chris crossed the short distance between them and gave his mother a hug.  It felt good to have her present on this surreal occasion.  
Swann dragged Betty Doyle along under her arm and enveloped Martha under her opposite wing, towering over both women.  “I’m so glad you could both come,” Swann said.    
Chris scanned the crowd, but Willa remained vanished.  He felt the need to call out her name, grab her hand and flee to somewhere less complicated.  
The main door to the dome groaned open and Grendel, Caliban and Chupa, fanned out with sustained growls, causing the section of crowd nearest to freeze.  Binny stepped from the doorway carrying an enormous platter heaped with tandoori chicken and pakoras, surveying the crowd as the aroma of spices, chicken and deep-fried gram flour exhaled from the dome and met the prevailing weather front of barbeque and beer.  
The dogs fell silent and broke ranks, becoming a twelve-legged beast clearing a path for Binny to follow towards the barbeque pit.
“How the hell does he do that?  Chris said.  
A swarm of Hawaiian shirts, detecting something new to munch, pursued the platter.  Hodges broke off from tending his smoke belching pit to sample the chicken and crispy vegetable fritters, engaging Binny in conversation while brandishing a partially eaten tandoori drumstick as a pointer. 
* * *
Chris briefly resumed the search for Willa until a small helicopter skimmed the treetops, waddled through a bumblebee turn and landed on the bald stone summit of Squatch Hill not far from the communications tower.  Chris hiked up the crown of the hill in time to see the Burmuda shorts end of a man intent on extracting something from a tight space behind the pilot’s seat.  A passenger remained in the tinted Plexiglas bubble, giving no indication of intent to disembark.
“Is the truck here yet?” the man yelled, grappling the awkward metal case of a computer.  He had the bandy arms of a baboon and a thick shock of red hair frosted with white blowing in every direction, a close-cropped beard carpeted his face almost up to ozone blue eyes.  Chris recognized the man from too many tech magazine covers as Chuck London.   
“What truck?” Chris said.  London had been the most successful of the four partners in his father’s ancient computer venture, buccaneering a set of patents into an investment empire.  London allied himself with the fourth partner, Leonard Marcus, who Cannon referred to as the Antichrist.
 “You must be Cannon’s son.  Sorry about your dad.” London hefted the old computer case impatiently. “This is really fucking heavy.”  
“And that would be?”  Chris wasn’t going to play porter, just because this man was richer than god.
“A BGLM 2001,” London said, obviously testy. “One of the last.”
Chris recognized the name, derived from the initials of the four partners— Bly-Gurkey-London-Marcus—plus the cardinal year of the then distant new millennium.  He remembered seeing a stack of similar boxes near the wall of his father’s dome.  
“I had to steal the thing from my own museum, and, as I said, it’s appallingly heavy.” He hefted the box.  “Where’s this trebuchet?”  
“Down that side.” Chris pointed in the direction of the outhouse.  London’s radar locked on to the derrick-like members of the siege engine poking up over the crown of the hill.  
“Ah, there’s the truck now.”  A picket-sided flatbed loaded with what appeared to be a collection of junk waddled along the access road, dangerously close to a scattering of parked jeeps and SUVs.  London started down the path toward the trebuchet.
The passenger in the helicopter unlatched his door and tested the atmosphere, unfolding into a tall presence in a dark suit.  “You must be Christian.” Leonard Marcus could have been an accountant—balding, thick-rimmed black glasses, and a weak chin.  Not at all what Chris expected the devil to look like, except that the perfection of his black pinstriped suit and yellow tie made Chris want to ask after his tailor.  “Chuck insisted that my presence was required.  Is there going to be a problem?”
Cannon liked to say Leonard Marcus was a dead man if the two ever met this side of hell.  But if hell existed, Cannon was already re-engineering the furnaces. “Not with me.”     
“So sorry about your father,” Marcus said. “He was a brilliant and contentious man.  I feel very fortunate his sons did not become lawyers.”  
“Me too.”
 “Well.  Sorry to hear about your company.  I happen to think that automated customer service has dazzling potential.  If you decide to take another run at it, we should talk.”  Leonard Marcus smiled like a great white shark selecting the tenderest thigh at a busy beach. 
Chris wondered if Dean might have contacted Marcus. The image of the two men together made him physically shudder.  “Thanks.  I’ll think about it.”  
“Do you have a place where I might sit in the shade, out of the smoke?”  Marcus said. “Preferably air conditioned?”  The sun had ascended into a cloudless sky, casting direct light on Marcus’s perfect wool suit.  
The dome stayed cool even on the hottest days.  Chris thought of his father’s room, choked with drawings, plans and papers—the nearest thing to Cannon’s immortal essence. “Sorry. No place like that here.”  
* * *
Thirst overtook Chris, his mouth dry and soul depleted.  He couldn’t see Willa anywhere, even from on top of the hill and wondered if she’d might have been a hallucination.  
Chris found himself in a line near the barbeque pit accepting a lipstick red cup of beer, gulping down the sweet amber liquid.  Sandusky and Bunting stood among a gaggle of gaudy-shirted men not far from the kegs, watching Harmon act out the loss of his hand in the exaggerated style of acting that passed out of vogue with silent movies.  
“And those horses dragged me to my own front door.” Harmon leaned backwards in a remarkably deep limbo.  “Three rainy days passed before these ‘experts’ over here came to look at what was left of the prints.  They declared them fake, but I know what I saw. There’s more than one Sasquatch in the big trees—that young one didn’t hatch himself. They oughtta be left alone.  That’s what old man Crowder wanted when he sold the property.  It’s a sacred trust at stake.”  
Harmon drank deeply from his red cup, the petrified wood on his bolo tie yo-yoing with each swallow.  The audience of bearded men murmured, rapt as boy scouts hearing spooky tales around the campfire.  
 “The recent prints are another story,” Bunting said.  “Too bad we couldn’t speak to Mr. Bly.  I believe he knew more than he was telling.”
 “So Bigfoot lives around here?” 
“Hell, yes,” Harmon said.  “Didn’t you hear what these turkeys just said?  We’ve got proof—authenticated footprints.”
“I’d pay to see those.”
“Me too.”
“That,” Harmon said, waving hook and beer, “Can be arranged. Randy! Fetch the bus.”



Chapter 29—The Accordion Perspective
A line of Bigfoot tourists jostled for seats on the bus like tropical patterned salmon fighting their way upstream.  
“You make sure you stick to the trail,” Betty said, confiscating drinks.  “We bear no liability—I repeat, NO LIABILITY—if one of you goes over the waterfall.”
“There’s a waterfall?”
“Cool.”
Men passed red plastic cups down the line, handing them through open windows, nobody bothering about whose beer belonged to whom.  
“They’ll shut us down if something happens,” Betty said.  “Randy, I’m holding you accountable.”
Randy’s eyes rolled.
“Yes, Mom!” the passengers bellowed in unison, raising their drinks. Randy shut the bus doors and squinted through the windshield, gunning the overloaded vehicle through the first set of potholes, squeezing past the few jeeps and SUVs that made it up the road before taking a swallow from a red cup.  
The departure of the bus barely made a dent in the party’s population.  Smoke and heat mounted as Chris scoured every corner of the crowd, but Willa had either hidden or left, apparently not interested in seeing him.  Hopelessness washed him up on a log close to the edge of the ravine, away from the swirling eddy of humanity.  He took several swallows from a cup he found on the log and speculated whether perspective was worth 30 IQ points or 3.  He knew it sometimes arrived by way of letting go.  He went mentally limp and noticed the excellent flavor of the beer.  
Willa sat on the hillside beyond the rim of his cup, below the helicopter and communications tower, hugging her knees in the shade of a rock outcrop, her dress a splash of color against the granite and scrub.  She could have picked him off at her leisure had she the inclination and a rifle.  
He raised his hand.  She did the same.  
He hurried up the hill, teetering across the rock ledge on legs wobbly from anticipation, vertigo and maybe a little too much alcohol on an empty stomach. She appeared to observe his approach with equal parts amusement and sadness—but not joy.  Joy had gone missing.  
It took some time to edge across the slope in his slick soled running shoes to the small shelf where Willa sat.  He chose a spot within range of her floral scent—perfume had to be a good sign.  Perspective slipped away, replaced by nerves.  They’d been so happy together in the meadow.
“Hey there,” she said.
“Hi.  I’ve been looking everywhere for you.”
“You seemed awfully busy and I needed a little space to think.”
The vast twelve-inch gap between them seemed to require an emotional GPS device to traverse.  He longed to hold her, but the steepness of the terrain made that impractical.
He looked beyond his own feet at the trebuchet aimed into Squatch Creek ravine.  A crowd of technorati loaded something into the sling, accompanied by wheezy sounds not quite musical in origin.  Chris ransacked his experience for something profound. “Hell of a party.”
“Certainly is.  Who knew your Dad was such a social butterfly?”
“Not me.  I always thought of him as a hermit in training.”  
Their eyes met and he could read the information encoded there with terrifying clarity: she loved him, but something had gone off the rails.  “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing.  Everything.  I don’t do well in crowds,” she said.  “Did you know your dad paid for my art school in New York?  I didn’t find out until I tried to straighten out my parent’s finances. Mom hid it from my dad.”
“I had no idea.”     
“Yeah, well, how could you?  You were gone, making your own life.  And since your dad has passed on, I suppose you’ll go back to that.  My folks are doing pretty well now, so I’m thinking of taking another shot at the art world.  Maybe move to San Francisco.”
The weight of the last week—or month, or years—bore down; life an immoveable object of massive size.  Confused and a little drunk.  Unable to overcome the inertia of sitting in one place and get on to the next thing.  “I never said I was going back.  But if you leave, who’s going to carve the chainsaw Bigfoots?”  Chainsaw Bigfoots?  Are you out of your mind? 
“Randy can do those.  Mom can teach him.  They’ll manage fine.” 
A wave of vertigo.  The slope became a steep cliff.  He was about to roll off into empty space.
“Hearing my father tell that story about his hand is a shock,” she said. “But I’m glad it’s out.  He hasn’t been this alive in years.”
Should he tell her? “Sorry.”
“Stop saying ‘sorry.’ None of this is your fault.”
“Well, maybe some.  Dad’s anyway.”
“Four! Three! Two! One! BLASTOFF!”  Chuck London pulled the lever awakening the trebuchet, the throwing arm and sling accelerating as the weight box dove for the center of the earth.  A black rectangle spat from the sling, rose tumbling into the sun and dangled for a moment at its apex long enough to identify as an accordion in mid-flight, expanding with a sucking whine before dropping into the maw of the ravine where it smashed with cacophonous impact, turning self-accompanied cartwheels.  
“Impressive,” Willa said.  
“Dad liked to say that life is like an accordion.  The harder you squeeze, the worse it sounds.”  The intended meaning of that phrase escaped him for the moment.  
 “You started to say something,” Willa said. “Before?”
“About accordions?”  He knew very well that she wanted to know his plans.  His intentions.  But moving in a new direction seemed to require a force larger than the trebuchet.   
“No.  Something about my father.” 
 “Well, yeah.” He told her the facts about Cannon and the Bigfoot suit, establishing Harmon’s intent to steal timber, employing the word “accident” frequently and providing fictional detail on how horrible Cannon felt afterward.
Meanwhile, the crowd retracted the arm of the trebuchet like a tug of war team and loaded a glossy white toilet into the sling, pouring fuel from a can into its bowl and lighting it on fire.  Blue flames lept into the air.  
The crowd surged backwards.  “THREE-TWO-ONE-BLASTOFF!” 
Flames belched from the metal mesh pouch, fanned back with a guttering rush of oxygen as the payload arched skyward, leaving a flame and smoke  contrail to trace its path to the rocks below.  A roar lept from the crowd.  Chris wondered whether his chances with Willa had gone the way of the toilet.  And why.
She sat in silence for a few agonizing moments.  “That explains a lot.  I’m sorry he tried to steal from your family.”
 “Yeah, well.  My dad was responsible for your father losing his hand.  You’d have every right to be angry at him.  Are you angry? At him?  Or me?” 
“I’m not mad at anyone.  But I’ve got to ask—what are your plans?”
Vertigo again.  “I don’t really know.”
“Oh.”  
The trebuchet crew had become a well-oiled machine.  “FOURTHREETWOONEBLASTOFF!”
The BGLM 2001 followed the same trajectory as the accordion and the toilet, but without sound effects or fire.  The crowd sent up a mighty cheer as the beige box smashed against the rocks and cavorted down the slope, disintegrating into an impressive number of components, each taking on fractal bouncing trajectories.
Chris opened his mouth to speak—curious what he would say.  Before he could, Willa stood in one smooth motion, striding down the slope as if onto a flat lawn instead of a steep pitch treacherous with loose rock.  She danced away like ballerina and hit the flats, skirting the crowd with a purposeful gait, hem switching in the breeze. A few more steps and she disappeared over the ravine edge without hesitation or a backward glance, on the same heading as the objects flung by the trebuchet. 
It occurred to him, too late, that his father also liked to say “timing is everything.”   He was right about that, too.



Chapter 30—Launch
He half crawled up the rock face to the summit and made his way down the trail back to the domes.  He had to find Willa, even if it meant missing his own father’s wake, or artillery practice, or whatever this was.  But he needed a decent pair of boots before he ended up in the emergency room.  He needed traction.
On his way down the hill, a model sailboat went airborne, symbolic of the thirty-six footer Cannon bought on a whim and sank on a rocky shoal in the San Juan Islands during a near gale.  He’d purchased the property in the mountains immediately afterward and, as far as Chris knew, had never gone out onto the ocean again.  The crowd cheered louder with each launch, but Chris’s enthusiasm for the trebuchet had abandoned him.  
On his way into the dome, he passed three men with white beards and bad haircuts standing outside, arguing.  “He cheated, that’s all,” said a man with a snow-white Spanish moss beard.  
“What do you mean cheated?”  Chris knew the subject had to be Cannon Bly.
“The windmill isn’t tied into the electrical system.  There’s a feeder line rigged from the communications tower.  You can see where it comes in at the back of the house.”  He gestured to Cannon’s dome.  “The windmill has an interesting design, but it’s hard to say how efficient it might be.”
“So it doesn’t power anything?” Chris said. “Are you sure?”  
“My boy, I hold a PhD in electrical engineering from MIT,” Moss Beard said.  “The question is, why? Cannon always had something up his sleeve.” The three men looked to Chris as if he might provide an answer. 
 “Maybe not so much, recently.” Chris went indoors to resume the search for his boots.
* * *
The lights in the main dome shone like stars in the night sky.  Chris noticed that the door to the passageway leading to Cannon’s room stood ajar and found the slender, dark suited figure of Leonard Marcus sitting at his father’s desk, studying a stack of smudged engineering drawings.  
“What are you doing here?”  Chris thought he might throw the bastard out and enjoy it.  
“Entertaining myself.”  He seemed not the least bit embarrassed.  “Some interesting material here.  Did your father name an intellectual property executor?”
“If he did, it certainly wouldn’t be you.” Chris knew he should be angrier, but there didn’t seem to be much point.  He saw the sketchy blue lines of the windmill and the dome electrical system on the large paper.  “It’s worthless.  The windmill doesn’t power a thing.  And you’re going to have to leave.”
“I learned years ago not to discount genius,” Marcus said. “Especially Cannon Bly.”
“Oh, come on.  If he had anything, don’t you think he would have been the first to announce it to the world?  He wasn’t shy.”
“No, he wasn’t shy.  But perhaps he wasn’t finished.” 
Chris didn’t like the smug look on Marcus’s face, or the idea that the grave robbers were already lining up with shovels.  More than anything, he wanted today to be over.  “My father specialized in plans to change the world.  The problem is he never really learned how to live in the world as it is.”
Leonard Marcus blinked over his reading glasses and sighed, defending Cannon Bly to his son an unpleasant surprise on his to do list.  “Don’t we all have that problem?”
“Yes,” Chris said. “But nothing my father did here matters.  And it’s time for you to leave.”   
Marcus rose from his seat with some hesitation.  “You’re wrong, of course.  In time, you may realize that and remember our conversation with some embarrassment.”  Marcus cast a reluctant glance at the drawing on the desk and left the room. “When that happens, call me.”  He flipped a business card onto the desk. 
* * *
Chris sat on the edge of Cannon’s bed alone, cheated and empty, listening to waves of sound from outside rise and fall, resolving into a pattern: “Can-non! Can-non!”   
Outside, swarms of men climbed over the edge of the ravine carrying pieces of junk once belonging to a computer, an accordion, a model sailboat or some other biographically relevant object recently smashed into junk.  They deposited the pieces and parts into tubs in the back of the picket-sided flatbed.  The chant “Can-non, Can-non” had become their work song.  
“Christian, my boy, we’ve been looking for you.”  Hodges stood in front of the trebuchet, hands raised like a druid priest.  “Time to launch.”
Swann, Betty Doyle and his mother sat in lawn chairs like a royal court.  Leonard Marcus and Chuck London stood off from the main crowd, whispering.  Trent kept his back to the dome scanning the crowd.  The throng of aging men in shorts and bright shirts assembled, a lost tribe gathered for ritual.  Harmon led a gaggle of men toward them, with Randy making a beeline for the kegs, the school bus parked nearby.  
Hodges popped the latches on an aluminum briefcase to reveal three spherical red balloons nestled in foam cutouts.  The ashes of Cannon Proteus Bly.  “Chris,” Hodges said.  “It’s time.”
“Can-non, Can-non, Can-non.”   The chant re-started with subdued volume, rising.  
“This is ridiculous.” Chris said.  “Isn’t anyone going to say something?”
“Yes.”  Swann rose from her chair and walked to the side of the trebuchet.  She raised both hands and the crowd fell silent.  Chris felt relief that the responsibility to stop this nonsense had passed from his shoulders.
“I’m betting it disintegrates in midair,” said Moss Beard.  “G forces.”
“Shush, Arnie,” Swann said.  She plucked a red balloon from the case and held it above the heads of all, looking more Statue of Liberty than ever.  “Cannon Bly, my partner and friend.  Husband of some of you,” she nodded to Martha, “and friend to most—,” a nod to Leonard Marcus as the exception.  “Left to my own devices, I would talk about his deep, unredeemed spiritual nature, the existence of which he stridently denied.  How his eternal soul is even now being reincarnated one step closer to enlightenment.”
An uncomfortable murmur rippled the crowd, underscored by foot shifting.
“But he prohibited me from any such squishy drivel, as he called it.  He insisted that if I said anything it had to be about physics.”
A murmur of wary agreement and whispered footnotes rippled the crowd.
“Of course I was in marketing, so I don’t know crap about physics.  But I will do my best.  Thank the heavens for the internet.”  
The crowd sighed, expectations clearly low.  
“I’ll start with the First Law of Thermodynamics, Conservation of Energy, which states that energy can neither be created—” here she raised the red balloon.
“NOR DESTROYED.”
“But only transformed from one form to another.  And Cannon was the cue ball in a cosmic game of pool, sending us into corner pockets, colliding from unexpected vectors with wicked spin to propel us in strange directions.  Everyone here carries a measure of his energy.  He has deflected us from our natural paths.”
A grudging murmur of agreement, if not approval.
“Good.  Let’s turn to the Second Law, which teaches us that all systems tend toward—”
“ENTROPY!”  Enthusiasm gathered, except for a few groans.  
“Yes, I know it’s obvious, but bear with me.  Sure, everything tends to degenerate into crap.  Cannon liked to say that the Second Law had become the primary cliché of the modern world, a weak justification for the apocalypse, nuclear destruction, the Kali Yuga.  A massive excuse to do nothing.  ‘The universe ate my homework.’  He liked to point out that many things do not spontaneously burst into flame, even though we’re surrounded by flammable material.  And why?”  
“Activation energy” Moss Beard said. Many in the crowd looked eager to expound further with diagrams and equations.  
“Exactly,” Swann said.  “A match touched to paper activates rapid oxidation, breaching the barrier between order and chaos.  Entropy unleashed with the application of a little energy.  Cannon was like that.  A great catalyst.  An expert at beginnings.  Activation energy.”
Murmurs of agreement.  Nodding heads.  Grudging concessional shrugs.  
Swann hoisted the balloon above the heads of the crowd.  “Cannon Bly has achieved equilibrium, his energy passed into each of us, the moment of impact gone but not forgotten.  His reactions continue forward, with uncertain end—the mark of a successful life.  And I do not give a shit whether the physics is right or not.”  
A few in the crowd seemed to search for chalk and blackboard, but the cheer of “Can-non, Can-non” began again, a tribe of Hawaiian-shirted Vikings were about to begin the looting.  Chris hoped they might torch the whole mess of structures on the hilltop in lieu of a funeral ship so this could be over.
Swann walked through the crowd with the balloon cradled in two hands and presented it to Chris like a royal orb.    
Trapped.  
“Just go with it,” Swann said.  
Chris accepted the balloon, its surface slick, firm to the touch, heavy and warm from Swann’s palms. His father, reduced to ordnance.  Hodges helped him tuck the balloon into the pocket of the sling, then escorted him to the release lever.
TEN!
His instinct clenched onto a refusal to pull the lever, wanting to declare that his father had asked him to perform one too many absurd tests.  Go home, he’d say.  Think about the trajectories of your own lives.  
NINE! 
EIGHT! 
SEVEN!
And now he had to consider the trajectory of his own life.  He tested the lever, immovable as a thousand pound rock, the crowd pressing too close, the sickly sweet fumes from red plastic cups suffocating.  Somebody would be hurt for sure.  Disaster loomed.
SIX!
FIVE!
FOUR!
And wouldn’t it be a disaster if he left now, let Willa go to San Francisco or New York.  Ran away?  And just what the hell had Swann meant about a successful life?  
THREE!
TWO!
ONE!
His father was a failure, a fraud.  A manipulating old bastard with unrealistic expectations.  Yet all this seemed an elegant and irrefutable proof to the contrary.  
BLAST OFF!
Who was he to argue with physics? Chris pulled the lever, initiating the shift in a vast organic machine.  For a hyper-real frozen moment, it seemed as if the treb had misfired, something stuck in the works.  But time and the massive timbers groaned awake.  The sling whipped up and over the end of the beam with a whoosh of displaced air, spitting out the bullet of the red balloon into a high arc over the gaping ravine, farther than any object before.  It hung for a moment at its apex in defiance of Newton, then bowing toward earth, plummeted to the rocks below, splattering a mark of white powder where it struck.  Chris was surprised that the rock did not shatter.
The crowd remained silent during the flight, but now roared, raising cups, hugged one another and sloshed beer like rain on each other’s shoulders.  
Chris clutched the lever for support, gazing at the white smear on the rocks so far away.  A father dead and his son weeping.
* * *
The crowd dragged Trent forward to launch the next balloon as Chris trudged up the hillside to the spot he and Willa had occupied earlier.  The slope no longer seemed so steep.  He felt drained of energy, as if the trebuchet had tapped into his life force for its power.  The second balloon, dispatched by Trent, traveled past him in a flat arc to more cheers.  If Trent said anything, Chris didn’t hear.
Chris watched as Hodges presented the final orb to Swann.  She loaded it with flair worthy of a voodoo priestess, and Chris had to admire her sense of the dramatic.  Her ability to go with it.   She pulled the lever with one hand and blew a kiss with the other without saying a word.  
The third and last measure of Cannon Bly followed the same arc as its predecessors to a point and no further, shattering at the apex of its climb.  The clap of a rifle shot cupped into the ear of the hillside in the lee of the outcrop.  It seemed to come from somewhere in the trees below, echoing through the ravine but muffled beneath the cheer of the crowd.  Granular ash rained down from a point in mid air, the shards of the red balloon like the winged seed of a maple corkscrewing for fertile ground.  A smudge of fine dust remained sifting in the sky.  
“Was that supposed to happen?” someone in the crowd said.  “How did he do that?”
Chris ran down the rock slope, nearly tripping on his bootlaces, to the base of the trebuchet.  Men milled about, the crowd dissolved as a cooperative organism.
“Burst from the G forces,” said Moss Beard. “Told you.”
“Nonsense.  A small explosive with a pressure trigger for the big finish.”
“That wouldn’t work.  It had to be a timing device.”
Chris picked his way through the crowd to Trent who peered over the edge of the ravine at a spot far below in the trees.  “Somebody shot Dad.”
“I know.”  Trent looked pissed off, but not surprised, smelling the air like a bloodhound.  “Hell of a shot.”
Chris scanned the crowd.  Harmon beleaguered the two Bigfoot experts and Randy engaged in extracting the last dribble from a keg.  Betty and Martha sat in their lawn chairs by Swann.  Binny stood at the barbeque pit, looking at the two brothers, then the space in the air where the shot met its mark.  
“We should get these people out of here,” Chris said.  “Someone could get hurt.”  
“Sure, why not,” Trent said. “You do that.” He took off over the lip of the near cliff, disappearing at a run and following approximately the same course as Willa.  
Chris realized that Willa must be the sniper. Everyone else had been at the wake.
All around, men shook hands, hugged, said goodbye.  Truck engines started and those who’d hiked in arranged rides back to their cars or started walking with camp chairs on their shoulders.  The crowd failed to register that it had witnessed the shooting of a man already dead. The party was over.  
Chris stepped over the lip of the ravine onto the scree slope, surfing a flow of loose stone, the steepness sending his heart toward his throat.  He wanted to sink onto his backside and slide, but didn’t have time for that.  His feet peddled, plunging heels keeping his balance.  He had to catch up with Willa before Trent found her.  He took step after step into loose rock, sinking further downhill.


Chapter 31—A Toothache 
He searched the area where he’d been sure the sniper had been positioned, up the ravine, north and away from the big trees, where the land became steep and wild.  There was nothing to see other than a few deer, many birds and thousands of trees as he bushwhacked through heavy underbrush.  Foliage whipped welts on his arms and legs, his shirt soaked with sweat.  An eagle soared, screeching impatience for the searcher beneath to scare out prey, or die.  Chris arrived at a point where he was sure Willa must have taken the shot but the landscape obscured any view of the target area.  Moving in new directions didn’t help.    
There seemed no purpose in proceeding to the tree house, the falls or the Foot.  If he met Willa, what would he do?  Would she take a shot at him?  Better to let her cool down.  He turned back, grateful that water ran downhill so he could find his way back to familiar landscape.  
Chris made his way up the hill several hours later, exhausted, the light already shifting toward evening. The flats in front of the domes stood vacant and rutted, the barbeque pit and tables gone.  An aura of silent abandonment cast the buildings in derelict light.  The minivan stood next to the pickup truck.  Nothing prevented him from using the keys in his pocket.  
He had an idea.  
* * *
The dogs encircled him a dozen yards from the barn like wolves cutting a weak calf from the herd, growling through bared teeth, domestication a fiction easily dispatched.  “Nice doggy,” Chris said, scanning the ground for a rock.  
The dogs stopped growling and sat, whimpering like children caught casing the cookie jar.  Binny appeared at the door, dressed in a clean white t-shirt and jeans, his thick hair wet and slicked back, shiny as a seal.
“How the hell do you do that?”  Chris’s heart pumped so hard he thought he might have a stroke.
Binny smiled.  “Have you noticed how Swann memsahib w-w-whistles when she speaks?”
He realized that he’d stopped noticing what he once found so irritating. “Yes.”     
The Indian molded his mouth around a grimace in an improbable imitation of Swann and produced a note quavering above the highest pitch of a tin whistle.  The dogs swiveled their heads and yipped nervously.  Binny gestured and they lay down in unison. “Once perceived this sound, the rest was trial and error.  I do not think that Swann memsahib realizes this is part of her natural speech.”
“Binny—if that’s your name—can I have a word about our situation?”
“Of course, Mr. Chris.  Come inside. You look quite done in.” He swept an arm in welcome, accompanied by a slight bow.
The barn was swept and straightened into a state unlike any room in Squatch Hill history.  The green canvas backpack rested by the mattress, and it occurred to Chris that it might contain a weapon.
“Come. Sit.” Binny motioned to a three-legged milking stool, the only furniture besides the mattress.  “Fancy a cup of tea?”
Chris glanced at the lightweight camp stove on the floor and the battered aluminum pot.  “No, thanks.” He sat on the stool.  “I came by to ask if the deal you struck with my father is still good.  And if you’re here to kill my brother.”
“Acha.” Binny sank into a deep squat, looking as comfortable as if he’d collapsed into a recliner.  “And why do you believe I am here to kill Mr. Trent?”
Chris looked at the wall of the barn and his eyes found an ancient rusted metal ring on a bracket screwed into the planks.  The stool stood roughly in the spot where the cougar found Gemini. “I know you work for Mr. Ajay Whadera,” Chris said. “My brother’s old business partner.  I presume that Trent stole something from your employer and you’ve been sent to recover the goods. And possibly extract revenge.”  
Binny made a non-committal back and forth shimmy motion with his head and took a sip from his mug of tea. The dogs examined Chris as if he might yet become table scraps.  
“I’m guessing you have no intention of pursuing psychic pet therapy.”
“Truthfully, Mr. Chrisji,”  Binny said.  “It is hard to see oneself speaking to animals on the telephone as a career—it would make one feel rather silly, would it not?  There are other circumstances as well.”  
Binny reached for the backpack and Chris’s heart fluttered, but out came a Ziploc plastic bag with a metal lighter and a package of what looked like lumpy, hand-rolled cigarettes.  He tapped one out, and offered the pack to Chris, who declined with a raised hand.  “Do you mind—?”
“Please.”
Binny lit the cigarette and the smell of clove fumigated the room.  He exhaled away from Chris and fanned the residual smoke away.  “I usually smoke just the one.  Today I may make an exception.  I am terribly sorry about your father.”
 “Thank you,” Chris said. “I know he liked you a great deal.  What if I could get back what Trent stole?”  
“Clove, you know, is a mild narcotic,” Binny said.  “It soothes the nerves.  People in my country suck on cloves to dull the pain of a toothache, though it does nothing to relieve the original cause of the discomfort.”
“Sorry,” Chris said.  “I’m too exhausted for metaphor.  If you’re trying to tell me something, you’ll have to spell it out.”
“Your brother stole a large quantity of jewels from Mr. Whadera, and he would like to have them back.  But the jewels were, as you say, crap.  My primary assignment is to make sure the robberies stop.  After a certain point, the only way to relieve a toothache is to remove the tooth.”
“Oh,” Chris said.  “I still can’t picture you as a cold blooded killer.”
Binny shrugged, took a drag on the cigarette and exhaled. “We are all of us killers in the right circumstance.” 
Chris caught a lungful of the acrid smoke, which acted like Christmas scented mustard gas, causing him to cough.  Binny fanned away the smoke and stubbed out the cigarette.  “So sorry.”  
“It’s okay,” Chris said.  “It’s just that this doesn’t exactly jibe with the image, does it?  Gandhi, nonviolence, Transcendental Meditation.” 
Binny chuckled softly.  “You westerners think of us as a billion yogis making our way to Nirvana.   Have you ever encountered the practice of bride burning?”
“No.  Sounds horrific.”  Chris missed the uneducated and obsequious Binny.  
“Indeed. It happens when the family of a bride does not provide adequate dowry—‘adequate’ defined as an amount somewhere between unreasonable and absurd.  If the bride’s family does not provide a new refrigerator, say, or a car, the girl in question may meet with a ‘cooking accident’ in her own kitchen when her sari becomes drenched in kitchen gas.”
“Horrible.  Why are you telling me this?”
“Because some years ago, my father moved our family to New Delhi and I have three sisters.  Mr. Whadera was kind enough to arrange their marriages into families of his acquaintance.”
“Oh.  I see.”
They sat looking at one another.  “I am very sorry, Mr. Christian.  In fact, I like your family a great deal and it seems the height of rudeness to kill your brother over a bag of worthless jewels and a ridiculous feud.  But it appears the only choice I would have would be to die myself.”  Binny stubbed out the clove cigarette on the cement floor.  “Family can be so inconvenient.” 
“So true,” Chris said.    



Chapter 32—The Flying Clock
Dread seized Chris as he descended toward the creek through intensifying darkness.  His head throbbed, the fermented creosote smell of spilled beer and sweat permeating his shirt.  The only working flashlight he’d been able to locate cast a pitiful beam in the direction of the trail, the small cone of illumination dissipating before it reached the ground, it’s beam flickering until revived with a castanet shake.  He wished he’d taken Binny up on his offer of tea.  
The wind began to kick, riffling tree limbs, weather changing without notice.  Halfway down the hill the flashlight extinguished, impossible to resuscitate with any amount of rattling.
A fleet of low clouds played peek-a-boo with a moon either half-full or half-empty.   Enough light penetrated the gaps to reveal the mottled landscape, but when the clouds bunched up, darkness prevailed like the end of time.  Chris took a short step forward, stumbled over an exposed root and barely rescued himself from tumbling into the blackness.  The delusion of knowing the terrain by instinct evaporated.  
* * *
After what seemed like hours, sound danced on the ink surface of the creek.  Blindness did not sharpen his other senses as the dense cover sifted the moonlight, unfamiliar shapes lurking behind a black velvet curtain of darkness along the rocks and boulders, only the open streambed holding any light from the sky.  He had no idea where the tree house lay from here.
He’d rejected the option of giving up, even if it took all night.  A breeze deflected off the creek, forcing cold air against his damp t-shirt and he began to shiver.  Trips and staggers had countersunk his toes into his feet.  He wrapped his arms around himself and sat down on a boulder at the side of the creek, unsure when he would be able to move again.  Zero visibility eliminated the possibility of perspective.  
 “Psst.”
The sound came from the blackness.  
Talons of panic clutched at his mind as he tried to sort out what kind of animal made a noise like somebody trying to attract attention in a dark movie theater. Snake? Cougar? Bigfoot?  
“Psst.”  Louder, insistent.
“Who’s there?”  No answer.  He clutched a few remaining scraps of courage and staggered a few paces in the direction of the sound, arms extended to fend off . . .what?  The scuffle of footsteps passed, a game of blindfolded freeze tag. “What’s there?”  
Nothing audible against the tapestry of trilling tree frogs, buzzing bugs, freight train water.  
“Relax, Uncle Chris,” said a reedy voice from behind.  “It’s me, SkyFish.”
The reflected moon outlined a slight silhouette on the boulder Chris had just vacated.  “You scared the living hell out of me.” 
“Sorry.”  
SkyFish didn’t sound sorry, voice tinged with a child’s contempt for the incompetence of adults.  “What are you doing out here?”
“I heard you coming a mile away,” SkyFish said.  “Maybe a mile and a half.”  
 “Guess it’s a good thing you did.  I’m really happy to see you.” Chris could barely tell where the boy left off and the rock began.  “I don’t suppose you could get me to the tree house?”
“Of course.”
“Great.  Which way do we go?”
“This way.”
“Wait—I can’t see a thing.”  He suspected SkyFish knew this.
“Doesn’t matter,” SkyFish said.  “Just follow the voices.”  
“What voices?”  Chris heard nothing over rushing water and chirruping frogs.
“Listen.”
A nudge of wind blew two voices through the treetops like stray kites with tangled strings; one shrill and high, tugged by the other, lower pitched and pleading.  Arguing.  Trent and Trillium locked in marital strife—a sound Chris recognized from personal experience.  There all along. “They do that a lot?”  
“That’s why I’m out here.  I can’t visit Grandpa anymore.”
Chris had assumed that Cannon and SkyFish barely spoke.  “You visited Dad?”
“He taught me science and history and stuff.  Sometimes he’d ask me to do things, because he couldn’t get around that well.  I know everything dies, but it’s hard, you know?” 
For the first time since they’d met, SkyFish sounded like a little boy, struggling to make sense of a difficult life. “Yes, I know.  You don’t have any friends, do you?”
“Not real ones.  But I like it here.  Mom says that we might have to leave and I’ll have to go to a regular school and live in a normal house.  Without my dad.  I wouldn’t like that.”  
“Look,” Chris said.  “Maybe I can help if you get me to the tree house.  And we can be friends.  Would that be cool?”
“Yeah,” SkyFish said. “That would be cool.” 
Chris heard the suggestion of feet on gravel and the whisper of something passing.   He wondered if SkyFish would leave him marooned.
 “Follow me.”
A rustle and scuff from the direction of the trees.  Then nothing.  
“Hey.  Wait up.” He thought he saw an opening in the foliage, shadows differentiating into gradations of blacks, dark purples and even a few charcoal grays.  The branch of a small conifer raked the side of his face, but he managed to retain his footing, plunging toward the voices, groping with outstretched hands.
* * *
After a long time, lantern light glimmered through branches, so bright that Chris had to shield his eyes to ward off night blindness.  Trillium’s shrieks carried like the cry of an eagle off a rock face, Chris surprised they hadn’t been audible from Squatch Hill.
“I want a fucking divorce! Why can’t you fucking understand that?”
“Trill, we’re not actually married.” Trent sounded weary as an actor going through the motions for a matinee audience of ten.  “You’re behaving irrationally.”
“Irrationally?” Trillium said.  “Really?  You park me out in the woods alone for months at a time, and I’m the one who’s irrational?”
“What do you call shooting into a crowd at my father’s funeral?” Trent said. “Not the definition of stability.”
“He was my father too.  You taught me how to shoot and it’s not like there’s a lot to do out here.  Don’t you know a cry for help when you hear one?  I’ve been blasting away at things for months and NOBODY’S FUCKING LISTENING.  Nobody ever fucking listens to me because I’m the sweet little forest nymph.  Well screw that.”
“Trillium.  Honey,” Trent said.  “How can it be a cry for help when nobody knows it’s you?”
 “Well you know and you’re not doing anything.  I’m a hostage.  Forcing us to live out in the woods without electricity is domestic abuse.  Sky and I are leaving.” 
“It’s SkyFish,” Trent said, laden with weariness.  “Remember?”
“No, it isn’t, asshole. It’s Sky.  Sky, Sky, Sky.  I picked the name and it is not okay to tell him he can change it.”
“Trill,” Trent said.  “You’re the one who told him he could call himself whatever he wanted, remember?”
“Well I’ve changed my mind.  And, come to think of it, you’re the one who should leave, not me.”
SkyFish—or Sky—stood not far away from Chris on the forest floor, the lantern light partially illuminating the sadness and anxiety written on his face.  Chris realized the boy was Trent’s twin from most of a lifetime ago as he listened to the arguments between Cannon and their mother.  Almost anything had to be better than this. 
“I thought you were sick of this place?” Trent said. “I thought you wanted to leave?”
 “I do, but we’ll just have to tough it out.  My mother is still here and Chris won’t let us starve.”
“Yeah, well, sorry to be the bearer of bad news,” Trent seemed to snicker a bit.  “Chris is bankrupt.  His company folded and he lost all that money.  He’s here to hide, not to rescue you.  So leave the poor guy alone.”
“Oh God.”
Chris wondered how long Trent had known and felt guilty and stupid for not telling the truth.  Worst of all, his brother thought of him as “poor guy.” 
“Trent, I’m begging you.  Please, please LEAVE.”  
“Trill,” Trent said.  “You know I can’t do that.  I’m committed here.  They’ll have to take me out of here in a body bag.”
Trillium snorted.  “Sounds like your Indian pal may take care of that.”
“Maybe,” Trent said.  “Maybe I still have a few surprises up my sleeve. Until then, you’re stuck with me.”
”Jesus fucking Christ.  I said get out, you asshole jerk bastard.”
“No Trill, please don’t . . .”
Trent’s silhouette darted sideways against the window an instant before an object shattered the windowpanes on its way into the moonlight, plummeting to the ground on a drift of pine needles a few yards away.  The springs and gears of the mantle clock resolved their realignment in a riot of percussive spoings and clicks.  This had all gone far enough, Chris thought. “Hello?” he called.  “Anybody home?”  
Footfalls traversed the floor suspended above, panicked whispers escaping from the broken window.  “Just a sec,” Trent called.  Furniture scraped across the floor, shards of glass tinkling like wind chimes.   
“Okay,” Trent yelled.  “Come on up.”
Chris tucked the clock under one arm and climbed the ladder in the dark, not worried about the height.  
“What a surprise.” Trent smiled at the door as if his best friend had dropped in for a visit.  Trillium stood behind Trent’s shoulder, biting her lip, wringing out the fingers of both hands as they knitted together and pulled apart.
“You dropped this.”  Chris held out the clock, its thick crystal lens cracked.  
“Yeah. It slipped.”  Trent took the clock and put it on the floor.  “Come on in and make yourself at home.  How about a drink?  I’ve got some thirty-five year old single malt—you can’t even find this stuff outside of Scotland.  I could sure use some.  How long you been down there?”
“Long enough.” The bright lantern light hurt Chris’s eyes. “I’m here to convene a family meeting.” Lantern light crosshatched pain into Trent’s face, aging him into a startling resemblance to Cannon.
“What family?” Trillium snorted.  Strands of loose hair fell across her face, a girl raised by wolves reverting to a time before etiquette lessons.  She caught sight of SkyFish lingering outside the light and her face crumpled to tears.
 “SkyFish,” Chris said. “Come in and join the party.  This concerns you too.”
SkyFish entered the room and dumped himself into the couch by the wood stove, crossing his arms.  He wore his frayed and dirty long underwear—Peter Pan, come home.
Chris sat in the big overstuffed leather chair, so tired that he could hardly move.  Trent and Trillium sat opposite on the couch with SkyFish between.  Trillium wiped tears and snot away with her hands. Trent had a bottle and glasses out.  They all looked to Chris.  “So this is what we need to do,” he said. 



Chapter 33—The Action Sequence

The Plan:
- suspended over nothingness, bound to fail
- too many moving parts
- conceived in exhaustion & confusion
- no Gantt chart, test plan, quality assurance, risk mitigation
- sans rehearsal, safety net or a decent script
- work & improvise
- what the fuck 

Chris watched from a position well back of the barn as Trent entered dressed in commando black, silent as the surrounding night.  At least the clouds had cleared off, lighting the scene with moon and stars. 
Moments later, with no countdown or warning, the explosion ripped the barn apart, the fertilizer bombs positioned at each corner blowing sections of roof skyward and obliterating walls.  The hill liquefied, the long shock wave inflecting through the bones of everything, rattling the panels of the domes, squeezing the quick of every branch and fir needle and rock. 
Chris found himself lying on the ground staring skyward as splintered lumber, jagged sections of metal roofing and old tires materialized from darkness.  The ammonia smell of explosion enveloped them.  
He did not want to know how Trent learned to make explosives from the fertilizer in the utility dome and diesel fuel.  He’d managed to keep the manufacturing process secret by retreating to the camp at the creek.  Chris had new respect for his brother’s capabilities as a stunt rigger and terrorist, hoping that expertise hadn’t just killed them all.
Miraculously, no flying beam smashed Chris’s head to pulp and no jagged metal missile severed a limb from his body, though several came close.  He struggled to his feet as the fire began to burn in earnest, expecting to hear the ta-ta-tat of automatic weapons, screams and more explosions.  It took a moment to remember he wasn’t inside this particular action movie.  Smoke obscured most of the scene, the only sound a painful and persistent tinnitus attacking his brain stem. 
Something had gone horribly wrong.  Trent could not have made it out of the barn in time—the sequence had been too rapid, the detonation premature and out of sync.  Flames mounted into the night sky.  
A tap on his shoulder wheeled him around.  Trent stood looking impatient, lips moving, the words penetrating the ringing in Chris’s ears like jerky bits of low-grade streaming video with corrupted audio. “…didn’t cover …goddamned ears …you?” He cupped his hands over the sides of his head.  “… told …behind building …shock wave… goddamned…safety procedures or …killed…idiot.”
 “Sorry.”  The single word echoed within the empty cathedral of his skull in refracted vectors of pain.  
The wreckage of the barn was fully involved in flame.  Binny and Randy manned the water barrels to contain the blaze.  According to plan.
They were all still alive and could sort the rest out later.
Trent thrust the handle of a galvanized tin bucket into Chris’s hand and rushed off.   Chris wobbled to Binny, standing just outside the radius of the mounting inferno. 
Binny said something Chris could not hear.  Chris shrugged.
“I. Said. It. Is. Good. The. Dogs. Are. Away.” 
He seemed to understand post-explosive deafness.  Chris’s hearing began to return.  
“I am glad he did not succeed in blowing me up.”  Binny smiled.  “Now we have the two for one deal.”
“We certainly hope so.” Chris nodded and smiled, searching for a memory of that part of the plan.  Yes.  Report Binny lost in the explosion to his employer.  
In the weeks prior, Trent awaited his chance to detonate the barn with Binny inside, an opportunity that never arrived. The explosives had to be disposed of and they became a natural part of the plan, maybe even the solution to their problems.  
Randy came around the edge of the conflagration like a medieval fire salamander.  “It’s pretty damned hot.  Any remains would be impossible to identify, don’t you think?”  He seemed to search Chris’s face for scientific validation.
Chris shrugged. “Beats me.”
“Yeah.  Except for dental enamel.”  Randy grinned, perhaps realizing his superior authority in this particular body of knowledge.  “Damn, I wish we were filming this.”  Randy scooped a bucket into the barrel and lunged toward a tongue of flame edging out of the main fire, the water hissing to steam as it met the heat. 
Chris scooped up a bucket of water from the rain barrel, but it felt too heavy to throw, the fire a wall of heat pushing him back.  Something popped, sending up a column of cinders, a hunk of burning ash levitating in a vortex, landing close to the door of the main dome.  Randy extinguished the burning cinder with a bucketful of water.
The plan had emerged with clarity the night before.  Nobody questioned Chris’s creative guidance, or the certainty of success. There would be searches, warrants, forensics teams.  Staging accidental deaths seemed the obvious clichéd solution, dictated by a thousand TV shows.  
But they’d passed the point of no return.  They were committed.



Chapter 34—Ashes, Ashes
The next day arrived chilly and overcast, sky the same gray-white as the layer of fine ash blanketing the ground and dusting every surface, as if Mount Baker, or some other proximate volcano, had cleared its pipes.  Deputy Dalton spent the morning with a garden rake combing through the outline of the former barn—a tall thin farmer working Hell’s truck farm.  He recovered no evidence beyond a few crusts of oil drums, which he placed in black plastic garbage bags and deposited in the trunk of the cruiser.  
 Swann came out front wrapped in a Southwest Indian blanket.  “Sheriff Dalton, would you care to come inside for lemonade and some lunch?” 
“Much appreciated, ma’m.”  Dalton swatted ash off his uniform with his hat before coming into the house, washing his hands and seating himself at the table, where Swann served him a tall glass of lemonade and a generous slice of squash pie.  A stage makeup layer of grey-white pancaked his craggy face, filling in crags and wrinkles and making him appear oddly young.  
Chris sat at the table behind the dregs of a cup of coffee, more than capable of appearing distraught by his brother’s death.  He’d slept two hours out of the preceding forty-eight.  Ears and brain ached even more than the rest of his body.  Surely, Dalton would arrest them now and they could be finished with their abortive deception. Jail offered the promise of limitless, blissful sleep.
 “You can’t store fertilizer and diesel fuel in the same place,” Dalton said. “I’ve never actually seen anything like this before, but I guess all it takes is a spark.”
“Trent smokes,” Swann said.  “Smoked.  One cigarette in the evening.  Forgive us Sheriff—we’re still numb.  First Cannon, now this.”
Swann’s background in marketing made her a scary good actress/liar.  The acrid smell of fire permeated everything, to the extent that Chris wondered if it might make the squash pie edible.  Trent’s meticulous site preparation had produced a dynamite final act, but as the light of day arrived, the absurdities in the plot became even more obvious.  Special effects alone couldn’t carry this movie.
The certainty of prison rendered Chris tranquil as he swirled the sludge at the bottom of his cup, wondering if coffee grounds forecast the future like tealeaves, the viscous black liquid sheeting off the chipped white glaze and settling into a crack.  What might this mean? Forensics teams would comb the site and find evidence of the staged explosion but no human remains, not even the bits of Cannon’s bone scattered there, retrieved on hands and knees from the bottom of the ravine.  The authorities would ask unanswerable questions; make arrests, level charges of arson, conspiracy, grand larceny.  Maybe homicide.  It hadn’t occurred to Chris that everyone at Squatch Hill could be a viable suspect.  Obvious in hindsight.   
None of it mattered.  They’d already met the objective to get Trent’s death into the newspaper, creating a public document viewable on the Internet.  From there, emails to “Mr. Malhotra” would do the rest, reporting the terrible accident, etc.  Binny’s sisters would live happily ever after, mourning their brother’s death, brides unburned.  
Unless their house of cards fell in.  
Chris felt tranquil as the Buddha after a long massage, nirvana in sight.  Only a few formalities between him and the exquisite luxury of lying down. Handcuffs, a ride in the patrol car.  He’d ask for a public defender, determined not to pay for the privilege of being screwed by yet another lawyer.
 “Fate sure has got it in for you Blys,” Dalton said.  “Trent slept in the barn because why now—?”
“Marital strife,” Swann said.  “He and Trillium had troubles for quite a while. They fought all the time.  His career in Hollywood stalled not long ago.”
The same questions asked repeatedly early that morning, re-asked to test the consistency of the answers.  Chris had developed respect for Roy Dalton’s patient persistence, but Swann appeared more than a match.
“Stunts for the movies, right?  Did he have explosives training for that?”
“He might have,” Chris felt he could handle some simple lines in a supporting role.
“Mr. Bly and your daughter,” Dalton said to Swann, ignoring Chris.  “They weren’t actually married, were they?”   
“Worse.  They were step-siblings,” Swann shook her head.  “Not related by blood, but still.  And they have a child together.  My grandson, Sky.”
“It doesn’t sound like you favored the relationship, ma’m.”  
“I’m an accepting person,” Swann said.  “I had no problem with a grandson born out of wedlock.  But I always considered the relationship between Trent and Trillium a little weird.  They were two such different people.”
Dalton shook his head and poked a fork against the cardboard crust of the squash pie, causing iridescent yellow-green filling to ooze from between the strata.  He chipped off a forkful, put it in his mouth and begin to chew, chasing it  with a big sip of lemonade, a hard swallow and another mouthful from the glass to surreptitiously rinse. “Um. Real good pie, ma’m.”
“Thank you, Sheriff.”
“Tough break for your grandson,” Dalton said.  “You say your daughter and the boy left the day before yesterday?”
“That’s right,” Swann said.  “They’re on their way to my sister’s house in Boulder.  I encouraged her to go, for her own good and my grandson’s.” Swann looked directly into Roy Dalton’s eyes without flinching.  Chris had been listening for the slight whistle in her speech, but that part of his hearing seemed to have disappeared. She was pitch perfect.  “I assume you’ll need to talk to her?”
“If you could give me the contact information, I’d appreciate it.”
“Of course, I’ll write it down,” Swann said.  “They’d finally come to an understanding that their arrangement no longer worked.  Trent argued at first, but then he seemed to accept the reality that they both needed a new start.  He helped them pack and came over here for the evening.  He decided to sleep in the barn instead of walking all the way back to the tree house.  I think he wanted to avoid being alone.”
Chris anticipated the next question: And how did you get along with your stepson, Mrs. Bly?  Did you or your daughter have any reason to incinerate him while he slept in the barn?  Anybody else want him dead?  Chris wanted to hurry things along by suggesting these lines of inquiry.  Dalton remained engaged in breaking up the slab of crust to make it look like he’d eaten more than one bite.  
“Mrs. Bly?” Dalton said.
Here it came.
“Yes?”
“I didn’t find any remains.  It takes a lot of money to get a real forensics team out here and budgets are running awful tight these days.  Sheriff Green might decide to send somebody out, but I wouldn’t count on it.  Assuming they don’t find anything, do you think there’s any possibility that Trent might have staged this to make it appear he’s dead?  Get him out of future child support obligations and all?”
 “Sheriff Dalton, you didn’t know Trent Bly,” Chris said, thinking that Deputy Dalton quite liked the promotion. “There’s no possibility he would run out on his son.” Telling the truth made lying easier.
“Didn’t he drop out of sight for quite a time once before?” Dalton said.
“Yes he did,” Chris said.  “Before he had a son.”
“Yeah,” Dalton said.  “Children change things alright.  My boy, for instance, Roy Jr.  He’s in Walla Walla for cooking meth.  Broke his mother’s heart.”
“Oh, you poor man.”  Swann touched the back of Dalton’s hand and his gaze dropped to his plate.
“Well,” he said.  “I think it’s best to assume Mr. Bly is dead while we’re figuring this out.  Of course if we do find some evidence, that’s a different story.”
“Of course,” Swann said.   
Chris gave his coffee another swirl, focusing on the slurry of grounds at the bottom of the cup and wondering if he might be hallucinating. 
Dalton got up from his chair, and put his hat back on.  “One more thing.  That East Indian you had staying here.  You say he left right after the wake?”
Here it came.  Did this East Indian person have any reason to kill Trent Bly?  Do you have a name so we can trace him through the border?
“Yes,” Swann said.  “His work here was done and it seemed to be a good time for him to leave.  I can put you in touch with his employer, my business partner in India.  Binny is on his way back to New Delhi via Vancouver. Are you sure you wouldn’t like more pie, Sheriff Dalton?”
By now, Binny had disappeared in Canada, maybe established his new identity.  He’d expressed an interest in opening a restaurant with Hodges.
Roy Dalton looked down at the damaged slice of pie mashed over the plate. “No thank you, ma’m.  I had a big breakfast.”  Dalton retrieved his hat from the counter and walked to the door, but turned before exiting.  “Say, one more thing.” he looked directly at Chris.  Oh crap. “Those foot prints down by the property line.  Do you suppose there are any others on your property?”
“Hard to tell,” Chris said.  “We’ve been a little too busy to check. You’re welcome to poke around if you like.”
 “Thanks.  I appreciate that.”  Dalton displayed a set of yellowed horse-sized teeth when he smiled, causing the layer of ash on his face to crack like old mud.  
* * *
The next morning, Chris helped Swann carry two enormous suitcases heavy enough to contain bricks out to the truck.  She wore a long Mexican peasant skirt and matching blouse embroidered with jumping dolphins, a costume appropriate for the tourist districts of Guadalajara.  
“You don’t have to leave,” Chris said. The domes already felt deserted. 
“Yes,” she said.  “I do.  I need a new life and can’t start it from here.”
“But this is your home.” It had not occurred to Chris that Swann might abandon Squatch Hill.  And him.  
She heaved a suitcase into the back of the pickup in one smooth half-pendulum swing, making it obvious that she didn’t need his help.  “Your father wanted to move out to the boonies, not me.  I have to make a living.  Besides, I’m a social person.  I’d go crazy out here all alone.  Plus things are always wearing out or breaking.”
The three milling dogs came to rest in a row alongside the pickup.  Grendel, the little one, looked to Swann, then Chris and whimpered, as if inquiring after the program of events and the whereabouts of Binny. “Sorry,” Chris said.  The dog tilted its head and gazed at Swann as if expecting interpretation.  Receiving none, he snorted and put his head on his paws.  The animals growled in unison, then settled to forlorn silence.  
“This is a community property state,” Chris said.  “The place is yours.” 
“Oh, your father and I were never actually married,” Swann said.  “Neither one of us believed in that sort of thing after our failed experiments in matrimony.  We staged that ceremony for you children.  Hodges is the executor of the estate, so he’ll fill you in on the details, but I do know that Cannon left Squatch Hill to you.”  
Swann heaved the second suitcase into the bed of the pickup, slammed the gate shut and climbed into the cab.  “And just so it isn’t a complete surprise, the will also stipulates that you are to establish a wildlife area for the preservation of the indigenous Sasquatch population and maintain the old growth in compliance with the terms of the original purchase contract.  ‘In perpetuity’ is the operative phrase, I believe.” She shook her head and laughed.  
“Wait.  A Bigfoot wildlife preserve?”
“Yes.  I know about the stilts. They’re in my dome, by the way.  I got a little worried the night you and your father went down to the creek.  All I can say is that your father had one hell of a sense of humor.”  She laughed and the dogs cocked their heads.
Chris imagined the conversations with the Department of Natural Resources, the state parks and the IRS.  An epic set of legal and financial complexities entangling him with Squatch Hill for decades, if not the rest of his life.  “Any guidance on how I might accomplish this?”
“He said you’re a bright boy and you’d figure it out.”  The starter cranked like another voice laughing until the engine exploded to life, regurgitating greasy blue smoke out the tailpipe. “You’ll do fine.”
“Where are you headed?” he asked.
“Bellingham.  It’s by the water and I’ve had enough isolation in the mountains.  Trillium will need some help domesticating my grandson when she settles in.  And somebody will have to keep an eye on the new Trent.” 
Chris remembered the conversation several days in the past when he offered Trent help in establishing a new identity, Trent dismissing the job as trivial.  It looked like he wouldn’t be shut of Swann after all.
Swann put the truck in drive. “This place was only ever meant as a cabin in the woods, but things got out of hand.  I’ll be in touch about the rest of my things.  Bye-bye, Mr. Christian.  Have a good life on the island.”
The pickup proceeded down the access road, billowing blue smoke, ash and dust in its wake.  Grendel tilted his chin skyward and issued a plaintive whine, a call to come back, which the dogs took up in chorus, giving half-hearted chase, snapping at the tires as the truck picked its way through potholes.  Before the vehicle disappeared over the lip of the hill, Swann extended her arm from the open window and waved skyward.



Chapter 35—Candy
It rained hard for two days, the advancing marine air juicing the clouds against the spine of the Cascades, turning the ash heap of the barn into a moonscape of charred glop.  Wind and rain hissed at the trees and the trees slashed back with their branches like blind boxers.  
He spent most of the first day after Swann’s departure sleeping, and the second drinking coffee at the kitchen table with the lights out and the dogs whining and growling at the wind, then him. He felt a little crazy, alone and determined to stay.
On the second day, he logged on to his email account and found a message from Dean Pixley threatening legal action if Chris didn’t sell him the JavaClue software, stating that the last offer of half a million still stood, would not be increased, the offer expiring irrevocably on Wednesday.  He deleted three unopened post-Wednesday messages with supplicating subject lines.  
An email from Leonard Marcus requested a meeting to discuss the lighting system in the dome.  Chris confirmed that one source provided illumination of the entire complex using fiber optics and what appeared to be a mechanism to both split and amplify light, realizing this technology had the potential to revolutionize a number of fields.  Marcus wanted to know if Cannon had patented anything.
Chris did not respond.  The venture might improve modern life and make him a fortune, or lead to nothing.  He wasn’t ready to start the inevitable negotiation, backstabbing, deception and disappointment on the way to finding out.  Not yet.
Cabin fever reached toxic levels by late afternoon on the second day.  The weather lifted enough to go outside, the wind still sparring with the treetops and pushing clouds around the sky like bumper cars.  He collected the stilts from Swann’s room and headed down the side of the hill into the ravine, the three dogs close on his heels.  
The rain had washed all trace of Cannon’s ashes from the rocks into Squatch Creek.  Chris stopped at the spar tree, but the big black raven, or crow or sign of the devil had gone AWOL, maybe sick of the accordions, computers and whatnot hurled in its general direction.  “Chickenshit bird,” Chris said. “Fuck off.”  
* * *
The tree house looked empty as Tarzan’s arboreal shack after he’d opted for a life of high tea in England.   Chris parked the stilts at the base of the cedars and ascended the ladder, entering through the front door, which had no lock.  
Some of the smaller objects and Trillium’s canvases had been packed into the van, building a little chamber in the back where Trent hid like an illegal headed for the border. Trillium had talked about getting her GED, resuming her painting, the indescribable luxury of a ground floor apartment.  Chris remembered Trillium’s face at the wheel of the van as she pulled out, giddy with joy and bound somewhere new.  He envied her.    
The cycloptic clock had regained its place on the mantel, its lens a cracked monocle, hands frozen at 10:32.  The bottle of thirty-five year old scotch rested on the coffee table with two fingers of amber liquid inside.  Nothing would prevent him from moving in and taking possession, pitching Trent’s stuff out into the rain and drinking scotch through the winter—except he’d need a lot more scotch. He could live in the trees and bathe in the rain—if at all.  But the tree house never really belonged to him, and never would.  He left the bottle on the table untouched.  The door would need a lock.  
He noticed on his way down the ladder that he’d misplaced his fear of heights.  
A hurricane of barking erupted below.  “Hey! Knock it off,” he yelled, peering into the woods as he descended.  The dogs barked as if Death had stopped in for a visit, baring their teeth and backing toward the base of the tree.  Chris stopped five feet from the ground and stared into the woods, expecting to see a cougar or bear.  A glimpse of fur passed behind branches and between trunks—a flash of movement fast as a bat, but large.  Very large. The hair on the back of Chris’s neck stood up.  
“Hello!  Anybody there?”  He stood on the ground, next to the ladder.
No detectable sound stood out from the background noise of barking dogs and windblown branches.  A powerful stench arrived, akin to a street dweller marinated in his own BO, lifted to some exponential factor.  Wind shuffled the air. He swiveled his head to catch what hid beyond the periphery.  The dogs growled, whimpered and barked, cowering as if to ask for protection.  
“Come on,” Chris said to the dogs.  “Let’s get the hell out of here.”  
The creek had engorged into a milt green torrent chewing hard at the rocks.  He picked his way over boulders as water churned into the banks, branches and tree trunks pushed almost to the hillside.   The dogs wheeled in all directions barking at some real or imagined threat.  Probably the wind.  His pulse matched the speed of the rushing current.
He came to the site of Trent’s and Randy’s camp above the waterfall, the log they slept beside wallowing half underwater, a long section of orange fence snarled in tree branches like hair left behind in a brush.  No trace remained of the footprints, the section of muddy bank now below the surface of the eddy turning like a giant playground merry-go-round.  Squatch Creek had obliterated the key attraction for the Bigfoot Museum and Cave Tour with a gesture.  The whole thing temporary and doomed to failure.  A fantasy destined to last a summer at best.  Ephemeral.  Evanescent.  Unmaintainable.
But what the fuck.  If you can’t maintain, rebuild.  He picked his way over the mud using stones and wood to avoid leaving tracks to the boulders at the edge of the creek.  He cinched the stilt straps tight, trying to judge the strength of the wind.  
The dogs went ballistic, rocketing in the direction of the waterfall.  Chris traced their trajectory to a figure in a logger jacket and jeans who stopped to await the incoming animals, her red hair whipping in the wind like striking snakes.  
Willa crouched to offer outstretched hands to the dogs encircling her and yapping as if the messiah had arrived.  She scratched behind their ears and pounded their flanks with an open hand while they wagged their tails, whimpering.  
She closed the gap between them, careful not to treat in the mud field. “Hi there,” she said.  “Out for a walk?”
“Sure.  I don’t think it will rain again for a while, and the tour needs something to see” he said.  “Still pissed off at me?”
“No.  I never was.”  The set of her mouth indicated she was lying.  “If you give me those spare feet of yours I can take care of the fake prints when we need to.  You can be on your way back to civilization.”  The breeze tugged a particular wisp of red hair in crazy epileptic jerks.  A gust of cold wind frosted her cheeks with pink, the freckles on her face tiny leaves floating on the surface of rose-tinted water, a film of fog on her glasses.  “It’s supposed to rain again the day after tomorrow.” 
“Actually, I’m sticking around,” he said, standing up off the boulder onto stilt legs and bracing himself into the wind, which shifted so he almost fell face first into the mud.  “It’s one thing to perpetrate a hoax, but maintaining it is something else altogether.”  He took a step, trying to make it seem like he weighed six hundred pounds. “Like taking candy from the devil.”
“Yeah,” Willa said. “Also, I’m pregnant.”
A gust of wind caught the upraised Sasquatch foot like a sail, applying a twist that caused him to overcompensate.  He lurched forward, surprised and falling.



Acknowledgements

Infinite thanks to the writing group who thought the re-writes would never end: Jason Sciarrone, Kristin Bailey and Carl Youngmann, Deep gratitude to Ellie Mathews for the brilliant advice, editing and cover art. Everlasting appreciation to Maggie who makes it possible for me to write, and Henry, my artistic role model. 

 In the end, do it yourself is the only alternative in life.

Seattle, 2010


Robert Kaye 

Became addicted to producing fiction when Salon magazine selected his entry (“A fool and his money are soon automated”) as Best Technology Epigram, still his shortest published work and likely to remain so.  He has since published or has work forthcoming in Green Mountains Review, Cicada, Snake Nation Review, Bryant Literary Review, Pindeldyboz, The Rose and Thorn, Writers’ Block, Slow Trains, decomP  and elsewhere.  His short fiction has been nominated for the Pushcart and Story South prizes.  He has juggled fire, canoed rivers, climbed mountains, dived several oceans and traveled the world, but finds joy in publishing silly stories.  He lives with his family in Seattle, Washington.  Find him on the Web at http://www.RobertPKaye.com



