Coming to Astoria

An Immigrant’s Tale

By O.M. Kiam

 

Copyright © 2013 by O.M. Kiam
Contact Author: omkiam@omarkiam.com
www.omarkiam.com
Love Blossoms at the Theater is a memoir. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy or recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
Smashwords Edition
Edited by Theresa Veraa
Dedication

This book is dedicated to my wife Stefanie, who made me into who I am now, and to my children, Joseph, Amanda, and Dylan, who taught me the purpose of life.
 

Blame or credit, does not belong to the child alone. 
Parents, those who raised the child, must be given equal credit or blame. 
That does not change, when the child is one, twenty or ninety-years old.
Somewhere on this planet is your best friend. Find that person

A smile is the only infectious affliction everyone is encouraged to spread.

Prologue
1.Jordan
2.The Lottery
3.Astoria
4.Elementary Age
5.Venturing into the Courtyard
6.Fighting
7.Monopoly
8.Shoe Shining
9.Hitting the streets
10.Manhattan and the Movie Star
11.Summer Camp
12.Beatings
13.Expectations
14.An Indecent Proposal
15.School
16.The Deli and the Pretty Woman
17.Commuting
18.Times Square
19.High School Years
20.The Family and the FBI
21.Daytona Beach
22.Sightseers
23.Where’s the Joint?
24.Road Trip!
25.Back in New Jersey
26.Jordan Revisited
27.Social Networking: Meals
28.Shopping in Jordan
29.Heading out West
30.California and Life in the Valley
31.Chess and the Refinery
32.San Francisco and the Cult
33.The Taxi Driver
34.Time to Grow Up
35.Love Blossoms at the Theater
36.Tying the Knot
37.Losing Parents
38.Arab Culture and Hospitality
39.Going Our Separate Ways
Images
Epilogue



Prologue
The Middle East
My paternal grandmother was short. She was about 5 feet tall and skinny, but with strong, sinewy muscles, and she was meaner than anyone I knew. Most of the men were afraid of her, and no woman -- including my mother would ever talk back to her. She was never mean to me or my brother, Yusef. 
She loved us and wouldn’t allow anyone to abuse us. No matter what she was doing at the time, cleaning or even in the middle of chastising someone -- if she saw us, she’d stop to pat us on the head and say a few kind words before sending us on our way. 
Her husband, my paternal grandfather, had passed away when I was five after getting hit by a speeding motorcycle. Doing what she could for us was her way of filling the void his absence left.
My fondest memories during my early life in Jordan were the stories my grandmother used to tell Yusef and me of her life in Palestine. She used to seat us outside, under a fig tree and bring a bowl of pomegranate seeds for us to eat. As we ate the seeds one by one we’d ask her about Palestine. What was it like? Was it was nicer than Jordan?
She was always excited to reminisce about the home they loved, and were forced to leave. She’d look us in the eye, and then grab each of us under the chin, and squeezing our faces with her strong fingers she’d lean over and give us a kiss on the cheek. As she did so, she’d mutter, “Mashallah” which means ‘whatever Allah wills.’ It is a phrase of pride at the object of your attention. 
She’d sit down between us, close her eyes for a short while as if trying to remember, and then open them back up and begin her story.
My grandparents were farmers in the northern West Bank section of Palestine. They lived in a small hilltop village, located in the city of Nablus, about a two day walk from Jerusalem and six days west of Amman, Jordan. It was a small village. It occupied about six square miles encompassing an area that took four hours to walk. In the morning, while working in the fields my grandmother would see the sun rise over the deserts of Jordan, and as she prepared the evening meal she’d see the sunset over the Mediterranean Sea.
The land had belonged to my grandfather’s ancestors going back as far as anyone could remember. Well over several hundred years. Each first born son would inherit the land, passing it to his first born son when he was too old to cultivate. It was a treasured piece of land which no one ever thought of selling. Being flat, it was easier than most plots to farm. Being the highest, it was the only spot for miles where one could see both the sunrise and the sunset.
In the mornings, at the first crack of dawn, my grandmother and grandfather would take their time as they took care of the livestock. They loved tending to the animals and would listen to them come alive as the suns blinding rays began appearing.
In the evenings after supper they would sit outside with their closest neighbors watching the sun sink into the horizon as they drank tea, and reminisced about long gone relatives. It was a very peaceful happy existence. 
Most of the people there were farmers growing olives, rice, wheat and other varieties of cereals. A few were sheepherders who raised goats and sheep. Before Israel was formed they made a living by selling their produce, dairy and meat at the markets in Nablus and Jerusalem. After Israel was formed, getting into and out of Jerusalem was too dangerous. Not just from fighting between the two sides, but from thieves and bandits. My grandfather was able to continue trading with the Jewish, Christian and Moslem merchants in Jerusalem for a short while afterwards, but stopped after he was robbed on two separate occasions. 
Prior to the fighting, the village was home to a close knit group of about 50 families. Nablus, she’d tell us, remained within the new borders of Palestine. For a short while after Israel was formed, life in the village was still good. Although many people in other parts of the West Bank were infuriated about losing their land, my grandparents were pretty much untouched. 
The war of 1948, when the surrounding Arab countries declared war on Israel, came as a surprise to everyone in the village. They were caught in the middle, with the dictators and monarchs from the surrounding countries on one side, and Israel on the other. Not only was my grandfather and his neighbors unable to trade, but they lost much of their crops and livestock as a result of the fighting. 
Palestine used to be occupied by a proud and strong people, many of whom were sheepherders, farmers, and merchants. Jerusalem, a sacred place for Christianity, Judaism, and Islam, was a thriving city filled with people from all religions. For hundreds of years Christians, Jews, and Moslems lived together in peace. 
It wasn’t until the turn of the 20th century when the countries known as they are now within the region were formed that things began to go downhill. Western nations such as Britain and France, hoping to keep the region under control, divided the area forming countries like Palestine, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Kuwait, Syria, Iraq and others. Self-proclaimed monarchs and dictators were put into power in exchange for their loyalty. As time passed, these dictators and monarchs became more and more brutal. They kept peace within their borders by killing any opposition, and prevented dissent by killing not only those who spoke up, but their entire families as well. Also, they wanted to expand their borders, and saw Palestine and Israel as an opportunity. 
The constant fighting wiped out any chance for my grandfather to make a decent living or raise a normal family. If the other countries had left the Palestinians and Israelis on their own, the two groups could have lived in peace and prosperity. Moslems and Jews who were neighbors beforehand, were told they would be declared traitors if they didn’t stop doing business with each other. 
As the fighting continued, life in the village became unbearable. It forced some of the inhabitants, including my grandfather, to search for a safer environment for their family. Jordan they were told, was a good country, with a good king who would welcome them with open arms. My grandparents packed what they could onto horses, mules and wagons for the trip to Jordan. They offered the use of their land and home to neighbors in exchange for watching over them until the day came when they could return.  
My grandmother would end her story there, giving us a hug before walking away with tears in her eyes. I learned the rest of the story from the other kids in the neighborhood and in classes from the Palestinian teachers who were just as unhappy as my grandparents with life in Jordan.
As the fighting continued, the villagers and others from the West Bank began migrating to Jordan, landing in the outskirts of Amman. Refugee camps, the ghettos of the Middle East, were created in order to segregate the Palestinians. 
The refugee camps, a collection of tents as far as the eye could see, were extremely dangerous areas to live in. Fights were constantly breaking out as people got caught stealing food to feed their family, or cutting in front of the water lines at one of the few wells at each camp. Jobs were hard to come by, unless one had enough money to bribe a government official. Occasionally someone would be seriously injured or killed for trying to go after someone’s daughter. The poverty and sub-standard living conditions were akin to those of fourth world countries. 
However, as bad as the circumstances were, the influx into Jordan continued. Unwelcomed and unaided by the government or people of Jordan, the Palestinian people would find out too late they were better off back home and that the search for freedom and prosperity was far from over.
During one of our moments under the fig tree, I asked my grandmother about going back to Palestine. She said Jordan was our home now, that Palestine had become a changed place. 
“Your grandfather tried to go back once,” she said.
“What happened,” we asked?
“He got blisters on his feet,” she said, and then went on to explain. 
In 1950, about a year after settling in Jordan, my grandfather went back to the village to assess the chances of returning home. He was not met with open arms. In Nablus, just shy of his old farm, Palestinian ruffians attacked him taking his money and killing his favorite horse in the process. He was forced to make the journey back to Amman on foot. He made the return trip in four days, sleeping in the desert and getting scant amounts of food from the kindness of strangers. 
Upon arriving in Amman, his shoes-- worn out to begin with, were just about useless and large blisters covered the bottom of both feet. He would curse every Arab that ever lived for about a week straight. Everyone, including my grandmother, stayed far away from him that week.
She laughed while telling us about his blisters, and how angry he was. 
Upon waking up the day after he arrived back, his feet hurt so much that he had to walk on the outside edges of his feet. About a month later, she told him how funny he looked walking like that and the two of them laughed out loud.  
Aside from my grandfather who suffered mostly an injured pride, many others tried to go back only to get killed trying or blocked at the border if they were lucky. Jordan, for better or worse, became their new home.
Jordan itself wasn’t without its own share of problems. The war with Israel over Palestine caused a lot of animosity between the Jordanians -- especially those who lost sons in the war, and the Palestinians. They weren’t well liked by the community in general, and usually treated as uneducated second class citizens. 
The Palestinians, who were originally displaced when Israel was created, were among the first immigrants into Jordan. Any jobs or cheap land were quickly taken by them, leaving nothing for the next wave of immigrants who began coming after the fighting started. Jobs outside of the Army were almost non-existent, especially for refugees and other immigrants. Any jobs left were given out through nepotism and bribery. It was not the best of prospects, but there was no going back to Palestine. 
Although my mother was there with us, the best memories I have of growing up in Jordan were of my grandmother, and how kind she was to us kids. She stayed by herself for about seven years after we left, and then began going senile. Living alone for so long with no one to take care of, to make her feel wanted, took its toll on her. My father and Uncle brought her over to Astoria in 1975. There she went completely senile before passing away a few weeks later. She was only sixty years old. She was buried far away from her husband, all alone in a cemetery in Butler, New Jersey.

 1 - Jordan
Although they were only teenagers at the time, my parents were married through a brokered arrangement in 1952. Nine months later, at fifteen years old, my mother gave birth to her first child, Rania. She was the first of what would become five girls, and five boys. A month after Rania was born my father was drafted into the Jordanian army. It was a requirement upon turning eighteen, even for residents of the refugee camps.
A year later my mother gave birth to her first son followed by another daughter a year later. Both babies became sick, and died during their second year. After the second baby died my mother went into a depression, and wouldn’t have another one until three years later when she gave birth to my older brother, Yusef. His birth lifted her out of the depression, and that probably explains why she always favored him. Two years after Yusef on March 15th, 1960 I was born. 
By the time I was born, my grandfather had managed to buy a small one story shack directly across the street from the refugee camp. He sold just about everything he owned to raise enough money to buy it. It was a small house, made from mud, stones, rocks and concrete. In the front of the house was a small courtyard. It was about five feet wide and twenty feet long surrounded by a concrete wall. On one side of the courtyard was the outhouse, and on the other was our fig tree. The house had three rooms -- one for my parents, one for my grandparents, and the other was for the kids. 
We did everything in the other room; we slept in it, bathed in it, ate in it, and played in it. After work, the grownups would sit in it. It made things very simple for us, unless it was late and the adults were still huddled about talking. 
Regardless of which topic they started with, the conversation would eventually get around to how bad things were at the time. The eldest ones would then bring up the old days -- about how much worse they had it back then. Those talks would go on for half the night, while we sat on the floor by the kitchen stove, our heads going up and down like bopping head tops as we fought to stay awake. We hated those nights. 
The days they talked about sounded so horrible I couldn’t fathom how anyone had it so bad and still survived.
“We had no electricity.”
“Neither did we, and no outhouse either; we had to go in the desert. Can you imagine doing that in the middle of a sand storm? It’s not like you can hold it in till the storm is gone, sometimes the storms last for days!”
“And where do you think we were? Just across the sand dunes in the same storm and we had no tents!”
“We had to bathe in cold water!”
“You had water!?”
“Look at the crime and poverty we had.”
Someone else would yell out, not realizing the consequences, until it was too late
“Crime, poverty, this is nothing. We’d pray for a thief to come and take someone: it would mean one less mouth to feed,” One of the elders would respond, with the other nodding his head in agreement.  
This would continue until my grandmother put a stop to it, so everyone could get to bed. Once they were done we’d run over -- some going for the stack of thin mattresses on the shelves to spread out across the floor while others went for the blankets. The sorriest kid was the one who had to go to the bathroom as everyone was preparing for bed, or worse, after everyone was asleep. The outhouse was outside about ten feet away from the front door, and had no electricity. 
Whoever had to go would tiptoe very quietly so as not to disturb, wake, or alert any of the night creatures. Being across from the refugee camps meant that thieves, rapists and killers were always around. Since we were in the desert there were snakes, jackals, porcupines, sand rats -- some larger than cats, and other creatures to contend with. 
It was scary enough seeing one of these in the daylight, so you can imagine what they did at night. It puts a whole new perspective to monsters in your closet or bathroom. Anyone who went to the bathroom at night stood a pretty good chance of running into a real life monster. 
Once done, whoever went would run back into the house, usually with pee across the front of his legs. The girls never went to the outhouse at night alone, and never without a lantern. All of those comfortably nestled under the blankets would laugh at the poor fellow running back in, slamming the door shut behind him, his heart beating a mile a minute. 
It was rare that any of us kids had to go bad enough to venture into the outhouse alone at night. It was much safer to hold it in, go to sleep and let nature do its thing. The penalty for bed wetting was bringing the washbasin out as Granny heated water on the stove to fill it. The person smelling like piss would then have to sit in the basin as Granny poured water into the basin. 
On school days, Granny waited until school was over to give the offender a bath. This meant the poor fellow had to spend all day at school smelling like pee and getting picked on by the other kids.  The rest of us would get our usual bath on Sunday. After lunch was done, and the kitchen cleaned up the washbasin would come out and the stove was turned on to heat water. The lucky ones were the ones in the middle; the first in the basin got scalded from the hot water, and by the time the last one got in the water was cold. When everyone was bathed, Yusef and I would carry the basin outside to dump the water, while the girls mopped the floor so they wouldn’t slip as they got ready to start making dinner.  
Despite the lack of luxuries, I do miss the simplicity of those days. It was a time where we just played, where nothing else was expected of us. There were plenty of other kids our own age to explore the desert or to play marbles with. There were no beatings at home, or fights outside. We could just be kids.  

2 - The Lottery
In 1953 the United States, viewed by many Arabs as the land of opportunity, began offering a lottery for anyone who wanted a permanent Visa. Each year the United States embassy officials would provide a specific number of visas. In 1955, my father and his brother, Mohammad both put their names into the lottery. My Uncle Mohammad was chosen first, six years after first applying. He moved with his family to New York in 1961 leaving my father to take care of their parents, and his own growing family.
Uncle Mohammad settled with his family in Astoria, New York. Working as a door to door salesman in Queens where he was able to make a decent living. He sold clothes he bought wholesale in Manhattan, and unable to afford a car, he would carry the clothes in large, paper shopping bags from house to house. The days were long and the work hard, but my Uncle and his family began to prosper.
My father won the Visa lottery in 1965, when I was five years old. By then he had spent nine years in the Jordanian army. Although the official term was two years, the Jordanian government kept recalling soldiers each time fighting broke out with Israel. Having to support his parents as well as his own family, in addition to the constant recalls from the Army, left my father penniless. His only option was to go to the United States on his own, then bring the rest of the family when he could afford it. 
My father left for New York in the summer of 1965. Having rarely seen my father due to his constant military absences, his leaving didn’t really change anything for my family. Being away in the United States at least gave us hope. Instead of being away with the Army, where we knew one day he might never come back home, or might come home a cripple, my father was someplace relatively safe. 
My mother gave birth to her sixth child, Salma almost nine months after my father left. My father wouldn’t see Salma for another year and a half. A month after that, the area we lived in was placed on curfew after a neighbor’s wife was raped and killed. The killer and his companion were captured after trying to sell some of the items they stole from the neighbor’s house. They were executed several days later. 
Things like that were common occurrences.
In the United States, my father moved in with his brother in Astoria. When not serving in the Army, my father had become a stone cutter, a profession he loved and was good at. However, in Astoria, there wasn’t much of a demand for stone cutters. Through acquaintances, my father got a job as a handyman at a city hospital in Queens. On weekends he’d buy watches and clothes wholesale in Manhattan then sell them door to door, along with Mohammad. Once he knew his way around he’d go on his own, or with others he met at the local Mosque. It would take him two years to save enough money to bring us over.
My father called for us in the fall of 1967. In October of that year, just months after the Six Day War with Israel, we were in a plane headed for New York. My father wanted his mother to go with us but she wouldn’t leave. No one forced the matter, since she was more agile and capable than most men. My aunt, my father’s only other sibling, would look in on her every now and then.  
Seven of us flew to the United States, a new land full of opportunity-- my mother, Rania, Yusef, I, Nour, Jasmine, and Salma, just 18 months old. I was seven years old at the time -- a short skinny kid with a big nose that desperately needed plastic surgery in order to look like a normal nose, and the one distinguishing feature which made me different from the other kids. My nose would be the cause of many disparaging remarks from other kids, and many lost fights. 

 3 - Astoria
In the Sixties and Seventies, Astoria was a lower income, working class town filled with poor, and lower middleclass families. Housing was a mix of single-family houses and large apartment buildings and yet, by Jordan standards, these were mansions. 
The majority of homeowners in Astoria were Greek. Renters were an even mix of blue collar, white and black Americans, with a very small minority of foreigners. As a Middle Eastern family in Astoria, we were an even smaller minority within the minority of non-Greeks. We were pretty much the only non-American family in that part of the neighborhood, an honor I did not relish.  
The area we moved into was at the far end of Astoria, consisting of apartment buildings that spanned across ten blocks. Each apartment building was three stories high with five main entryways, one in each corner, and the fifth in the middle of the long side. Astoria was a town for people with no money. These were people who wanted to live in New York City, but couldn’t afford to live in Manhattan. However, people in Astoria had just enough money to stay out of the projects. 
The buildings were about a mile away from the train station, and about half a mile from the closest bus. For New York City, this was a very rare combination. Almost anywhere else in the city, a train or bus stop could be found usually within a few blocks. 
Our building was a few blocks away from the East River which was the river that separated Manhattan and Queens. Back then, that portion of the river, even with a view of Manhattan, was not a desirable location. The sewage plant, where everyone’s waste went, was just up river. The East River, and to a lesser extent the Hudson on the other side of Manhattan, were much like giant toilets. 
The East River, as with most rivers, flowed in one direction – towards the ocean. The sewage pipes were just upriver of the apartments. Every once in a while my friends and I would walk the three blocks to the river to see what was coming out of the sewage pipes. We tried to do this on days when the wind wasn’t blowing for obvious reasons. We always saw the same things -- feces, condoms and disposable baby diapers. We saw so much waste floating down the river that we figured it was just a matter of time before we’d see a dead body. 
We never did though.
We moved into a second floor, two-bedroom apartment where my Uncle had previously lived with his family. My father took it when my Uncle found cheaper housing just across the river in New Jersey. My parents and the baby took one bedroom, and the rest of us kids took the other -- sleeping on thin mattresses we laid out on the floor at bedtime.
Back in Jordan, we lived in the flat one-story house made of mud, concrete, rocks and stones. Having to climb two flights of stairs, when the highest I’d gone was the gradual incline of a five-foot sand dune, was not a welcome change. Jordan, at least where we lived was flat. Our house, or rather my grandparent’s house, being one story was flat as well -- no stairs anywhere. It took me a while to get used to climbing up those stairs.
A friend of my father and uncle, a twenty-five year old Lebanese gentleman helped us settle in. Shortly afterwards he asked for and received permission to marry Rania, who had just turned fifteen years old. It was one of the many customs we brought over from the Middle East. Girls were married off to the first person who came along with a decent job, and dowry. If there were multiple suitors, the one with the larger dowry would get the girl. 
Rania had no choice in the matter. 
“You’ll grow to like him over time.”
“You have to think about what is best for the family.” 
Was all my parents told her when she tried to object and when that wasn’t enough to persuade her, my father hit her with a rolling pin -- cracking the back of her skull. Rather than take her to a hospital, my parents covered the wound with coffee grinds, and then wrapped a bandage around her head. 
With limited healthcare where we lived in Jordan, many people used coffee grinds as a way to stop bleeding. It was a very effective remedy carried over from previous generations. That incident left a soft spot in her skull, providing a constant reminder of days long gone.  
Then with Rania gone, four of us kids were left to share the bedroom. Yusef, now the eldest and my mother’s favorite, was exempt from helping around the apartment. The majority of the housework went to Nour and Jasmine, while the beatings were evenly distributed amongst all of us -- excluding Yusef, who was protected by my mother.
During the first six months or so in Astoria, my father used to take us each Sunday to a Mosque in Manhattan. We walked a mile to the train station, and then caught three trains to the upper west side, and then we walked a quarter mile to the Mosque. It was a ninety minute trip each way. 
The Mosque was one of the first in Manhattan. It was located in a stone building, just off 72nd Street on Riverside drive. The men went into the main room to pray, while the women went into a smaller room on the second floor. 
I had never learned how to pray while in Jordan, so during prayer service I’d mimic what everyone else was doing.
After the prayer service, the kids were sent to a separate room for religious training. The Sunday school teachers taught us the proper sequence and method to rinse clean, a required ritual before each prayer, and how to pray. 
After the cleaning ritual, we would stand on the prayer rugs, facing towards Mecca. Once on the rug, they taught us the movements, and what had to be said at each point. These rituals, cleansing and prayer were supposed to be done five times a day. My father did it five times a day, but Yusef and I prayed only when we were in a Mosque. The weekly trips to the Mosque lasted only for six months. After that we’d go to the Mosque twice a year, on the two major Moslem holidays. 
The first holiday was at the end of Ramadan celebrating the thirty days of fasting. Every Moslem, aside from the sick and young children was expected to fast from sunrise to sunset for thirty days each year. It meant abstaining from food, liquids, smoking and sex. The holiday fell at the end of the thirty days, celebrated at the same time across the world. I tried fasting several times, but quickly gave up after becoming dizzy, faint and unable to function by mid-afternoon. In the Middle East everything closed at noon during Ramadan giving people an opportunity to go home to nap, and relax until sunset and dinner.     
The second holiday was at the end of the annual pilgrimage to Mecca. The pilgrimage, called the Hajj, is a five day event. It starts on the twelfth day, of the twelfth month, of the Moslem lunar calendar. Every Moslem is required to make the pilgrimage to Mecca at least once in their lifetime.
By the time the first holiday rolled around a few months later, I had forgotten the proper way to rinse or to pray, and at the Mosque during the prayer service I just mimicked what everyone else was doing. 
Astoria was not just our new home -- it was also integrating itself into our culture. Even my father, who kept preaching to us the importance of the weekly Mosque visits, eventually stopped going. Sunday school was replaced by Abbot and Costello, Tarzan and other Sunday afternoon shows on television. Going forward, Astoria would become our new training ground as we adjusted our lifestyle and habits to match those of our neighbors.   
In order to try to maintain some of our culture, about once a month my father took the entire family to North Bergen, New Jersey to visit my uncle and his family. The trip itself actually wasn’t too bad. We’d take the RR train to the bus terminal in Times Square. Then a bus ride and from the bus stop it was about a fifteen minute walk to their house. 
My uncle had six kids at the time, the same as us, except that they were five boys and one girl. One of the boys had the same name as me, and was only a few months younger. Their eldest, Dahoud was the same age as Yusef. 
I always had a good time there, with cousins close to my age to play and hang out with. Once in a while, if there was no school, I’d stay over and go back home the following week. Unfortunately, this only lasted for about two years. 
My father and his brother had a falling out, and as a result, our trips to New Jersey stopped. My Uncle kept criticizing my father for not moving to Jersey, where he’d help him get an affordable house, instead of staying in a cramped apartment in Astoria.   
In the fall of 1970, my mother gave birth to her seventh child. Sami became the third boy in the family. Salma, almost five years old at the time was moved into the bedroom with us -- replaced in the crib by Sami. Two years later, my mother gave birth to her eighth child, and fourth boy. Abdul became the baby of the family. With mattresses spread out on the entire floor in our bedroom, there wasn’t room left to do anything else aside from sleep.

 4 - Elementary Age
At public school they placed me in the first grade. Even though I had finished the second grade in Jordan, the ability to speak English seemed to be a prerequisite for the second or third grades. This in and of itself wasn’t so bad. I was with kids my size, which suited me fine. The bad part was they weren’t teaching math in first grade and that was my favorite subject. I was very good at math, and I missed it.
Over the course of the first three years I went to school, and then came directly home. Completing my homework took all of five minutes after which I’d sit by the window and watch everyone play in the courtyard. 
On weekends and holidays, I’d sit and look out the window all day long. I didn’t go outside for fear of getting beaten up. I didn’t like to get beaten up -- a rather unpleasant experience, so I stayed in the apartment. 
I had tried making friends with the kids in the courtyard when we first moved to Astoria. Since I didn’t speak English, and had a large nose the other kids thought I was Greek. They’d poke me, push me, and say things which I couldn’t understand. When I didn’t respond they’d punch, me and then laugh as I stood there crying. No, it was much safer staying indoors, at least until I was able to understand and speak English. 
School hours seemed to be a timeout. The bullies left me alone on my walks to school, and back home which was refreshing. Being poor meant I had no lunch money for the bullies to take. It was bad enough that I used to get beaten by my mother for peeing in my pants during class the first few months in the first grade. I was too scared to use the outhouse at school, thinking someone would try to throw me down the hole. 
It wasn’t until three months later when one of my teachers called my mother and had her bring me fresh clothes that I found out the school didn’t have outhouses, but rather bathrooms inside the building with real toilets instead of holes in the ground. That discovery provided a welcomed relief. Before that there were days I’d hold it in for so long that I’d get pains in my side, and my legs would hurt from squeezing them so tight. I only peed in my pants once in a while after that, when I really had to go during the long walk home. From school to home was almost half a mile, and when you’re seven with a very small bladder, and in a foreign land it’s a very long walk.
The window watching continued for almost three years. To me, it wasn’t wasted time-- I was learning the ways of the land. 
Watching the kids play in the courtyard gave me time to learn what they were playing. I learned what looked like a difficult game played with a broomstick minus the broom, and a ball. One kid, standing about thirty feet away, would throw a rubber ball, about the size of a tennis ball at another who was standing in front of the apartment building wall holding the broomstick. Occasionally the kid with the stick would swing and hit the ball, sending it flying up into the air towards the opposite end of the courtyard. If he missed, the ball would bounce off the wall and make its way back to the kid who threw it. It was baseball, but with a broom handle instead of a bat, and a soft handball instead of the regular baseball, and no gloves. 
They were playing a game called stickball. 
The girls were on the opposite end of the courtyard, playing with ropes. A few would each have their own rope -- jumping up and down as they twirled it around. Others stood about ten feet apart, holding each end of a rope while swinging it in a circling motion as one or two others jumped up and down within the circular motion of the rope. There was one girl, Tracy, who was big, strong and fast. Tracy played with the boys instead of the girls, and was even better than most of the boys -- including her older brother.   
Inside the house, we’d watch Superman, Batman, Bugs Bunny, Popeye and professional wrestling long before it became popular. Back then, since most people didn’t care for wrestling, it was broadcast on the Spanish channel. We had a small, black and white television and in the evening, the entire family would sit in the living room watching men in tights wrestle each other. Practicing the moves on my father and brother would come in handy many years down the line after I had developed the muscles needed for wrestling.


 5 - Venturing into the Courtyard
I spent nearly three years observing the courtyard before I felt I was ready to venture out. It was a warm, sunny, Saturday afternoon when I made the decision to finally do it. I wore my best clothes that day. A short sleeved, collared shirt tucked neatly into my shorts and white sneakers. 
I ran down the stairs, opened the entryway door and proudly walked out. Directly in front were three, very young kids drawing pictures on the concrete courtyard with chalk. Behind them were four girls jumping rope. Over to the far left of the courtyard the older boys were playing stickball. 
Not wanting to seem over anxious, I began strolling along the left side of the courtyard keeping a couple of feet away from the side of the building. As my confidence grew, I moved further away from the building continuing my stroll in a slow, confident manner towards the center of the courtyard. 
It didn’t take long for things to go horribly wrong. 
One of the other kids was riding his bicycle in circles around the courtyard -- something he always did, normally without paying much attention. I had seen the kid riding in the courtyard before, and I knew the route he took but, in my excitement I forgot. Creeping further away from the side of the apartment building I strayed into his path. 
Luckily, he looked up just before hitting me and avoided a full head-on collision by veering off to the right. Unfortunately, he didn’t turn quickly enough to avoid a collision altogether. His bike’s front tire hit the outside of my right calf, about halfway between the knee and ankle. 
As I stood there watching blood trickle down my leg, all I could think was if I cried the other boys weren’t going to let me play with them. After three years of watching all I wanted to do was to play too. My next thought was that they’d be as nonchalant with injuries here as the people in Jordan were. 
Medical care was almost unheard of in Jordan. If you were sick, your relatives would give you home brewed medicine. If you were injured or cut, you were pretty much on your own to find something to stop the bleeding, and then continue whatever you were doing. In the work district, there were plenty of men working with one, two or more fingers missing. If you were injured, you never went into the house. 
Bloodstains were a nightmare for the women to get out. In fact, if you severed your arm and went running into the house, chances were very good that one of the women would pick up the arm and hit you over the head with it for dripping blood all over the house. 
The boy who hit me was lying on the ground, under his bike looking at my leg.  
“You better get help. That looks really bad,” he stammered, with a scared look on his face.
“It’s okay,” I whimpered.
Looking over, I could see what was scaring him. The bicycle wheel had ripped out a one half-inch chunk of flesh from my leg, between the size of a nickel and a quarter. The bottom portion of the flesh was still attached to my leg by a small piece of skin. It looked a little like the round submarine doors that open with a tiny hinge, yet are very thick. Peering into the hole, I could see the white color of bone about half an inch or so inside the opening. Considering the size and depth of the injury, there was very little bleeding. Blood wasn’t gushing out, but instead came out in small, steady trickles. 
Some of the other kids began crowding around, wanting to see what the fuss was all about. The girls were spooked by the sight of the injury and backed away. A few of the boys began saying that I needed help right away and since there was very little bleeding, I figured it would be safe to take their advice and go into the apartment to get help.  
Before walking in the front door, I looked at my leg and wiped off any dripping blood with my hand, so it wouldn’t get on the floor in the apartment. I opened the door slowly, and walked inside. When she noticed me walking towards her, my mother, who was in the living room mopping, yelled for me to stay to the side. 
“Mom, look what happened,” I said, pointing down at my leg.
Pausing for a second, she glanced at my leg.
“Get out of here with that before you bleed on the furniture,” she snapped.
For a minute, I just stood there. I didn’t understand why she would say that. All of our furniture was covered with plastic and any spills, including blood, could be wiped off very easily. 
“Are you still there? Put a band-aid on it and go back outside.”
“Mom, it’s a really bad cut.”
“Go, go, go and do what I told you,” she shooed me away, not bothering to look up from her mopping.
Thinking to myself that I really needed a doctor, I nonetheless did as I was told. I knew if this happened to Yusef, they’d be at the doctor’s office, or the free clinic in a heartbeat. I headed for the bathroom. Lifting the flap of flesh I put it back in place, kind of like closing the submarine door, and then covered it with several band-aids. I cleaned the blood off my leg, so it wouldn’t drip on the floor my mother was mopping, and went back outside. This time I stayed near the side of the building.

 6 - Fighting
Fights were a common occurrence back then, and at least once a month a fight would break out either at the courtyard or in the school yard. For the first year we were in Astoria, I used to get into a fight at least once a month. Some kid, thinking I was Greek would start pushing me around. The pushing would lead to a fight, where I would eventually get beaten.
During the three years I stayed in the apartment I was only beaten up twice, both times during lunch break in the school yard. After venturing out, the fights became less frequent since I was getting better at fighting back. I was still losing the fights, but at least was fighting back and doing a little bit of damage to the other kid.
One fight in particular sticks out. It happened when I was ten years old, a few months after venturing out. I was playing in the courtyard when an Italian kid named Vinnie -- the same age as me, walked over and started calling me Greek names. Vinnie was built like a brick s..t house. 
In case you never heard that term, that was how everyone referred to someone who looked like Mr. Atlas. Basically, muscles from head to toe. We started fighting, although it wasn’t much of a fight since the two of us resembled the before and after versions of a body builder. Me the before, and Vinnie the after. The fight ended fairly quickly with Vinnie punching me in the face and stomach several times, and ended when I began crying.
The crying wasn’t from the pain, but more from the embarrassment of getting beaten up in the courtyard in front of everyone. Still crying, I went home. Walking in the door of the apartment I came across my father, someone I would have preferred not to see me like this.
“What happened?” he asked.
“I had a fight, and got beat up,” I responded.
Smack!
He caught me by surprise with a swift, hard smack across the side of my head. I just stood there dumbfounded. Then he did it two more times.
“Go back outside, and fight like a man,” he said.
Not saying anything, I turned around and walked out the door. Vinnie was in the same location as before, joking around with a group of boys. I walked up and pushed him. He came charging back, and the two of us started wrestling. Before long, Vinnie had me in a headlock. Unable to break free, I tried tripping him only to wind up on my back on the floor with him sitting on my chest. He grabbed each of my arms, and pinned them under his knees. After that, he just kept punching me in the face over and over.
That lasted for about a minute. When Vinnie was done he got up and walked away. Crying -- this time from pain, I walked away from the apartment towards the alleyway between the buildings. I spent the rest of the day sitting there alone, hating everyone.
A change came once I went to Junior High School. The school had a gymnasium that was stocked with weightlifting equipment. Every day I began spending at least one hour lifting weights. Practicing wrestling at home and lifting weights at school made a big difference. 
I would go on to have two more fights. One during my first year in Junior High School, and the other during my first year in High School and both fights ended quickly with me winning each one.  

 7 - Monopoly 
We had two strikes against us during Christmas time. Being Moslems we didn’t celebrate Christmas, and being poor, we couldn’t afford to even if we wanted to. There was no Christmas tree filling our apartment with a pine, scent. There were no talks of Santa Claus or stockings and reindeer. There were no presents. No dolls, board games, baseball bats, gloves, or anything else that kids our age would get at Christmas -- except once.
When I was thirteen, one of the kids in the courtyard gave me a Monopoly game the day after Christmas. He had gotten some new toys and didn’t want Monopoly anymore, so he asked if I wanted it. I gladly took it. That other kid’s unwanted gift became hours of entertainment for my family.
Monopoly was the only game we had in the house during the time we lived in Astoria. We would play it over, and over again so much that I became quite an accomplished player. None of us ever tired of it, not until we played it four to five times a week for three months. After that we’d play it once a week for the next two years.
When we were ready to play we’d move the table in the living room over to the side, and sit around in a circle on the floor. There would usually be six of us, Yusef, Sami, and my three middle sisters -- Nour, Jasmine and Salma. My mother and father would sit on the couch and drink tea as they watched us play.
Nour would take the game out of the closet and put in on the floor next to Yusef. Yusef would take the game board out and place it in the middle of the circle. Nour and Yusef would then put the cards in their places, and hand out the money and game pieces to everyone. Each game would last three to four hours, with my mother cheering when one of the younger kids did well, and jeering when one of them had to pay a rather large rent. Monopoly night was one of the rare occasions we were allowed to stay up late. We only played when it wasn’t a school night, as the game would sometimes last close to midnight. 
The game would continue until one person had bankrupted everyone else and everyone would stay and watch the others continue playing. Usually, as it got later, the younger ones would lay down to watch, only to fall asleep long before the game was over. By the time the game ended, there would be three or four of us asleep on the floor. When the game was over, we’d carefully put all of the game pieces back where they belonged, and then put the cover back on the box. Nour would put the game away as the rest of us got ready for bed. 
We tried to get my parents to buy us other games, but they refused saying that they were a waste of money, and turned good people into derelicts. Productive hands they said, had no time for games, and any free time should be used to read and study. All of us knew they just didn’t want to spend the money. If another free game came along they would have gladly accepted it, but unfortunately for us, none did.
 8 - Shoe Shining
When I was eleven years old, four of the older kids in our apartment building started shining shoes. They would take the wooden ends of two milk crates, which they stole from behind the local supermarket, and nail them together to create a box. An extra piece on top created the footrest. They would then nail a short rope to the ends to use as a strap. Once the boxes were done they’d run off to the stores to gather supplies. 
Whoever had money went to Woolworth and bought what they needed. Those who didn’t would walk into a store -- hopefully one that didn’t have a security guard, carrying an empty box and walk out with a fully stocked, shoeshine box. Since my friend Michael and I were both several years younger than the other boys they wouldn’t let us tag along. 
Michael was my best friend, or rather my only friend, so I guess that makes him my best friend by default. Michael lived with his mother and two, younger sisters in the apartment just below ours. He was the oldest. Michael was a slim kid, not skinny because he had muscles, just slim and well proportioned. He was a few inches taller than me with bright blond hair that covered his ears. 
We were anxious to make money, so we decided we’d make our own shoeshine boxes and try to make money by ourselves. We had to make several trips to the back of the supermarket before we had enough empty milk boxes. Eventually, we got the shoeshine boxes built and ready for use. They looked just as good as the ones the older kids made. Neither one of us had any money to buy supplies, nor would our parents give or lend us any.  
Being enterprising kids, and a little desperate, we slung the boxes over our shoulders and headed for Woolworth. During the twenty minute walk to the store we talked about which supplies we’d need, and how much money we were going to make. Naturally, both of us were so preoccupied talking about money that we failed to notice the guard as we walked into the store.  
Inside the store, reality kicked in. We went from thinking and acting like entrepreneurs, to thinking and acting like scared cowards. We walked up and down the aisles several times to make it look like we were serious shoppers, not knowing it actually had the opposite effect. When we were confident that the coast was clear, we walked to the section with shoeshine supplies and started throwing brushes, polish and anything else we thought would be useful into our boxes. We kept grabbing and throwing until both boxes were full. 
With our shoulders sagging under the weight of the heavy boxes, we held our heads high and proudly, but very nervously, walked out of the store. Neither one of us was smart enough to buy a candy bar, or anything else as cover for being in the store.  
We walked through the doors and stopped about three feet away. The two of us looked at each other, smiled broadly at how easy that was, and started heading home. Neither one of us saw the hands which grabbed the backs of our shirts as we were about to take our first step towards shoe shining heaven.
“What do you have in those boxes,” the security guard asked while still holding us firmly.
“Nothing,” I meekly answered.
“Let’s go inside,” he said as he turned us around, all the while pushing us back into the store.
It was a very humbling, not to mention scary, experience to be caught shoplifting, even for an eleven year old. Everyone looked at us as we were herded towards the back of the store. Some were shaking their heads back and forth, acting as if we just committed a cardinal sin or worse, killed someone. Michael and I held our heads up high, as if to say “Yeah, we’re tough!” Deep down I was nervous and scared, since this was the first time I had stolen something I didn’t know what to expect.    
The guard pushed us into an office, and made us sit beside a desk as he casually started emptying the boxes. They were full, so it took a while. He looked at me first.
“What’s your name?” he asked as he continued pulling items out of the boxes.
“David Smith,” I proudly responded. 
No sooner had the words left my mouth when Michael, for no obvious reason, burst out laughing. At first I looked at him thinking, that’s it, the poor kids lost it. Then it slowly dawned on me -- he was laughing at what I said, and my face went from a questioning look to a deathly stare. All I could think about was how Michael was going to ruin my cover.
 I hated Michael in that instant. It wasn’t until afterwards that I realized the selection of “David Smith” might have been a poor choice for an alias on my part. 
Our ages were the extent of any similarity between Michael and me, or between most of the people we knew and me. As did most people who came from the Middle East or Greece, I had black hair, brown eyes, a large nose, olive colored skin and looked as though I just fell off the boat with an accent to match. David Smith -- a classmate of ours was tall, at least ten inches taller, skinny and black with a huge afro. He did not look or speak like someone from the Middle East or Greece. He did not fall off the boat from anywhere else, nor would anyone who saw him have thought so. Looking back, it was probably quite a humorous comparison in Michael’s mind. But none of that occurred to me as I sat there, fuming at Michael for blowing my cover. I thought I was almost home free. 
“What’s his name?” the security guard asked Michael.
“Omar,” Michael answered, too quickly I thought, but with difficulty since he was still laughing so hard.
The guard took our real names, and lectured us about the severe consequences we’d face if he ever saw us in his store again. We never went back to that store. Not until many years later and even then, we did it very carefully, lest we run into that guard. 
After that incident, we decided to skip the store and raid my father’s closet when no one was around. We reasoned a beating later for taking his things would be well worth it when we had shoeshine money in our pockets, and it would be less humiliating that being dragged through a store by a security guard again.

 9 - Hitting the streets
Michael and I filled our shoeshine boxes with whatever supplies we were able to get from my father’s closet which wasn’t much, but it was enough to get started. We had brushes, black shoe polish and a rag. Back then everyone wore black shoes or work boots, so we were all set to hit the streets. For us, this was our chance to prove we were more than capable of pulling our own weight, and to make some money in the process.
About 4 o’clock on a Wednesday afternoon, Michael and I grabbed our boxes and headed out towards downtown Astoria. Most people got out of work about that time and the men usually stopped at the bar for an hour or two before heading home. Living at the very end of Astoria meant we had a long walk ahead of us. To get where most of the bars were we had to walk close to a mile.
Downtown Astoria was full of grocery stores, restaurants, and bakeries, small department stores like Woolworths, and bars -- lots of bars. When people got off the train, the men would usually head down the street to one of the bars. No matter which direction they went, they would find a bar within a few blocks.
Michael and I walked to the corner of Ditmars and 31st Street and stood there. Forcing people to grumpily walk around us as we planned our strategy, Every once in a while someone would bang a leg into one of the boxes and yell at us, usually in Greek, but neither one of us paid them any mind. Our minds were focused on the work ahead.
We had two directions to choose from. Go up 31st Street under the train tracks, or continue on Ditmars Boulevard towards Flushing. We picked Flushing because most of the people getting off the train walked in that direction, and there were a lot more stores and bars. By then, the boxes were becoming heavy and the two of us were leaning to one side trying to take some of the weight off our shoulders by putting the boxes against our thighs. 
We went running off towards Flushing, almost getting run over by a car as we crossed the street with the boxes banging against our sides, making a clank, clank noise as the stuff inside danced around. We walked into the first bar we came across not even half a block away from where we were standing, and after walking through the entry door the two of us stood there, gazing about wide-eyed. This was the first time either one of us had been in a bar. 
As a Moslem, you could inhale smoke through a long hose connected to a large glass contraption night and day until you’re blue in the face, but liquor was off limits. With Michael fatherless and me a Moslem, neither of us had ever stepped into a bar before. Being poor also meant we had never set foot inside of a restaurant, including any which might have had a bar. So for us, walking into that first bar was an eye opening experience worth spending a little extra time to fully take in.
The first thing we noticed was how dark it was. Walking in from outside where it was nice and bright meant our eyes needed a little time to adjust. The second thing we noticed was the smell. It had a disgusting smell, which seemed to be a mixture of cigarette smoke, bleach or some kind of strong cleaner, and a strange odor we’d never smelled before and couldn’t figure out. We assumed that was the smell of the alcohol.
Directly in front, and slightly to the left was a long line of stools. All of them were empty except for two in the middle where two men were seated. There were two bottles on the counter, one in front of each man. Behind the counter was a mish-mash of things we couldn’t exactly figure out. Hanging upside down from the ceiling were all kinds of glasses. Against the wall there must have been over a hundred bottles of different shapes, sizes and colors. A man stood behind the counter, opposite the two men leaning forward with his elbow on the counter. The last thing we noticed was that it was absolutely quiet, like when a gunfighter walks into a bar in the western movies. I felt like the gunfighter, with my arm hanging over the shoeshine box the way a gunfighter would be holding his hand over his gun. 
The two men were old, at least forty with worn work clothes and large guts. The man behind the counter was a tall, slender, pale-skinned fellow with white hair, slicked back. All three stopped what they were doing and looked at us for what seemed like a very long time. The one closest to us raised his bottle of beer and motioned us to come over. Michael and I walked over, nervously looking from side to side as we did.
“Whatcha got there?” he asked, pointing to our shoeshine boxes.
“Shoeshine boxes,” I replied raising my arm to show him.
“How much is a shine?” he asked.
“Twenty-five cents,” I answered.
“Gimme one,” he responded lifting his right foot so we’d see it needed a shine. 
We looked at each other to see who would do it, and Michael gave me a nod to go first. I set the box down in front of the man with the dirty shoe and he put his right shoe down on the box. One thing Michael and I had neglected to do was to actually learn how to shine shoes. I figured it couldn’t be that hard. Put on some polish, brush a little, and then wipe off with the rag. I had watched my father do it, so it looked reasonably easy. Michael watched me intently so he’d know what to do when it was his turn.
I opened the shoe polish, grabbed the brush then dabbed some polish on it the way I had seen my father do it. Next, I took the brush and began applying the polish to the shoe. I brushed for about a minute and as the shoe began to shine a little, I started smiling feeling very pleased with myself. Next, I grabbed the rag and buffed. Not a bad job, what was a dirty shoe now had a nice shine to it. When that shoe was done, I looked up to let him switch feet but he wasn’t paying attention. I tugged at his pant leg to get his attention. When he looked down, I told him the first shoe was finished. He switched feet and I did the same thing to the second shoe. After I was done, I stood up and waited for him to turn around again. His buddy saw me standing there and pointed to me. The man looked down at his shoes, grumbled something I couldn’t understand, then handed me a quarter. 
Michael had stood there watching me the whole time, memorizing everything I did. When I was done he asked the other two men if they wanted a shine, but neither one of them were interested. We left the bar, both of us beaming at how easy it was. 
The next bar we walked into startled us a little as we walked through the doorway. This bar had about twenty people, mostly men sitting on the stools by the counter. Michael and I looked at each other grinning, both thinking we’d make a lot of money here. We paused by the doorway, the same way we did in the first bar but no one noticed us, or if they did they paid us no mind. 
We walked over to the men sitting on the stools nearest us, tapped them on the arm and asked if they wanted a shine. Both said no, so we moved to the next ones and did the same thing. The next person Michael asked said yes. Michael pulled the rope off his shoulder, set the box down in front of the man and began repeating what I had done before. I continued down the bar, asking the men if they wanted a shine and passing over the women. 
I had no idea what to do with a woman’s shoe, especially since they were all different colors with straps and openings where there shouldn’t be. Besides, we only had black polish. That worked out well for us. When a woman called us over for a shine, we’d say sorry, we only have black polish and that would be the end of that. I was terrified that at some point a woman with black shoes would ask for a shine, but luckily that didn’t happened.
I had to ask several more men if they wanted a shine before getting a customer. Putting the box down, I did exactly what I had done at the other bar and made another twenty-five cents, leaving behind another happy customer. 
My third customer a tall, slim fellow who looked about forty or so, with neat, dark hair and wearing a nice suit, was different -- he watched everything I did. The others had never paid me any mind and kept drinking and talking while I did my work. This guy kept watching me and as I brushed back and forth he started yelling, causing me to stop. 
“That’s not the way you shine a shoe!” he yelled out.
“What do you mean?” I asked timidly, very confused.
“You have to spit.”
With that, he lifted his leg up and spit on the shoe then grabbed the brush out of my hand and began polishing, “See what I mean? See how shiny this is now?” he bellowed.
It was shiny. It was a lot shinier than the other shoes I shined. 
He started to shine his other shoe himself, first brushing some polish on, then spitting and brushing some more. I had been doing it wrong all along. The shine on his shoes was much better than the shine on the other shoes I had done. 
When he was finished, I stood up to get my quarter. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a dollar and handed it to me. I couldn’t believe what just happened – he had shined his own shoes, taught me the right way to shine shoes, and paid me a whole dollar. I was really happy, standing there feeling taller as I stuck my chest out, proud of myself. Being eleven years old in Astoria, in the 70’s, you didn’t come across money that easily. 
After finishing, Michael and I walked out of that bar happy and content. Michael had made one dollar, while I had made one dollar and fifty cents. This was easy work, the smiles on our faces seemed to say, as we walked down the street to the next bar, both nodding our heads up and down. 
The next bar was different.
“What do you kids want?” the fellow behind the counter yelled as we walked in the door.
“To shine shoes,” Michael replied.
“Get the hell out of here,” he yelled back.
Neither one of us understood why he didn’t want us there. We didn’t want a drink, we wanted to shine shoes.
“We’re shoe shiners,” Michael said, raising the shoe shine box to give the fellow a good look. 
“You’re too young to be in a bar, now get the hell out of here,” he yelled back. 
We walked back out and headed down the street towards the next bar. We already knew some bartenders would let us in, so we weren’t too worried.
At the next bar, there were a few men sitting around the bar, and the second man I asked agreed to get a shine. I was all excited now, ready to give him one of the best shines he’d ever seen. This man had really nice shoes, the kind you see in the store window. These were real dress shoes, not like the black work shoes we’d become accustomed to seeing. 
Carefully, I opened the shoe polish, grabbed the brush and dabbing a good amount of polish started brushing away. After getting the polish on all sides of the shoe, I brushed back and forth to work it into the leather. Next, working as much saliva as I could into my mouth I leaned over and spit on his shoe.
“What are you doing?” he yelled, pulling his foot back at the same time and catching me by surprise.
I didn’t know what to say and just looked up at him, mouth and eyes wide open holding the brush in my left hand.
“Why did you spit on my shoes?” he yelled at me.
What was a noisy bar suddenly became very quiet as everyone looked over at the cause of the commotion.  
“He doesn’t like your shoes,” one fellow yelled out causing a few others to laugh.
Everyone started looking at me, still kneeling in front of the man with spit on his shoe, eyes and mouth still wide open.
“Why did you spit on my shoes?” he yelled out a second time.
“To shine your shoe,” I nervously stammered.
“Clean that off,” he yelled. 
In what seemed to take a really long time, I grabbed the rag from my box and began to wipe the spit off while everyone in the bar looked on. Before I was done wiping, he pulled his leg back and said, “Here, now get out of here,” and then he handed me a dollar.
We left the bar after that, somewhat dazed and confused. Michael and I looked at each other as if to ask what happened. Neither one of us knew. Shaking our heads back and forth we walked on, feeling a little dejected from the experience. Michael seemed to be doing okay without spitting, but I got yelled at twice-- once for not spitting, and the other time for spitting. I was confused. Prior to this I thought I had known how to shine shoes, watching my father do it for as far back as I can remember. My eyes watered a little, but I made sure Michael didn’t see that since I knew he’d laugh at me.
At the next bar, I hesitated. I wasn’t anxious to get yelled at again. I let Michael go first and watched him as he did the first customer. He finished the first shoe and began the other without spitting and everything seemed fine. Picking up my box, I ventured ahead, looking for a customer. Finding a customer towards the back of the bar, I put the box down excitedly anxious to earn another quarter. Without even thinking, like I had been doing this my entire life, I got the polish, brush, dabbed and went to start brushing when suddenly I froze. Not a single muscle in my body moved. The bar, which was very noisy when we walked in, now seemed deathly quiet.
There on my shoeshine box was a black, dress shoe – not a work shoe like the one Michael was shining, but a fancy black dress shoe like the ones in the store windows and like the ones the two other men had, but a little nicer. I didn’t know what to do. Do I spit or not? By now, I could feel my heart beating in my chest. If he’s like the first man, he’ll yell if I don’t spit. If he’s like the second man, he’ll yell if I spit. I sat there frozen for a few minutes, not knowing what to do. 
Slowly I lifted my head to see what the man was doing. He was talking to his buddies. Okay, I thought, I know what to do. If he didn’t see what I was doing, he wouldn’t know either way and couldn’t yell. 
Leaning over towards the man’s leg, much further than usual, I tried to block his view of the shoe and began brushing. When the polish was on the shoe and worked into the leather, I paused for a minute and looked up again. He was still in conversation with his buddy and not paying any attention. Leaning forward again, I brought the brush to my mouth and spit a tiny bit onto the brush then quickly continued brushing. If he wanted me to spit, I could say I did. If he was like the second man and didn’t want me to spit, I had done it discreetly enough so that he wouldn’t notice. When I finished the first shoe, I did the second one the same way. When both were done, I heaved a sigh of relief and stood up to collect my pay. He looked down at the shoes, nodded his head and handed me fifty cents. I felt short changed after the generous customers before him. That shine was worth a dollar. 
We hit about a dozen bars that day. As the day wore on the bars got more and more crowded, and Michael and I would do several pairs of shoes in each bar. Most of the men paid us just the quarter we asked for, while a couple gave fifty cents. Neither one of us got another dollar after the first two customers with the spit shine. 
By about 9 o’clock we were ready to call it a day. We now had a two mile walk to get back home. Neither one of us cared how far we were from home, nor how difficult the walk would be with the heavy, wooden shoeshine boxes. The only thing on our minds was all the money we had taken in, mostly in quarters that created a rather large bulge in our small pockets. The streets were dark by now, but we wanted to count the quarters and convert them to dollar bills. We stopped in one of the grocery stores. I made eleven dollars, and Michael made nine. 
Walking home, the two of us were pleased with ourselves. Rather than leaning to one side the two of us stood tall walking at a nice brisk pace, and swinging the shoeshine boxes back and forth as though they weighed nothing. We began planning the route we would take the following day, both knowing we’d be back out earning money again. Michael and I had pictures of many dollar bills in our heads as we walked and talked. The walk home, even though it took over an hour, seemed to fly. Our heads were in the clouds, the two of us so proud and excited. That moment was one of the best moments we ever had.

10 - Manhattan and the Movie Star
Michael and I didn’t go shoe shining the next day as we had planned. Unlike us, the older boys had struck out shoe shinning, not even making a full dollar. They wanted to hear our story, so rather than go shoe shinning we spent the day telling them our story.
The older group consisted of four boys. Tommy at fourteen was the oldest -- a tall, slender, black kid who used to spit all the time. He was also the smartest. Everyone knew Tommy was going to be successful one day. Somebody once asked him why he spit so often, and he said because it kept him skinny. I used to spit occasionally, but stopped spitting after hearing it made you lose weight. I was much skinnier than the other boys my age and wanted to put on weight. 
The next boy was Jimmy -- a white, black-haired kid with a very large Adam’s apple. Jimmy was thirteen and a half. He was the same height as Tommy, but with longer legs and arms. Jimmy played tennis every weekend a few miles away at the public courts. Jimmy jogged to the tennis courts, played all day long, and then jogged back home. Everyone thought Jimmy would become a champion tennis player one day. Long after we moved away, I looked for his name in the tennis matches on TV and in the papers, but never did see it.   
The third boy was Val. Short for Valentine, although no one ever called him that or else a good beating would follow. I had the misfortune to personally receive a beating, shortly after meeting Val for the first time, when a miscreant told me his name was Valentine. The fourth member was John, whom everyone called John-John because his last name was Johnson. Val and John were both thirteen, and could always be found with Tommy and Jimmy. They were both white and a little shorter than the others were, but still taller than Michael and I. John-John’s father was a Vietnam War vet that everyone kept away from. He always acted strange. He never talked to anyone, kept his head down whenever he walked by, which was always in a hurry, and smoked pot. We all felt sorry for John-John.  
The older kids talked us into staying around instead of shining shoes, which was okay with us. Michael had most of his money left over, so he was okay with taking the day off. My mother had taken all of my money, saying anything I made belonged to the family. I wasn’t in any big hurry to go earn money, which would surely be taken away from me.  
It wasn’t until the following Friday that we went out shoe shining again. I had a lot of homework that day so we didn’t head out until about five that evening. We repeated the same routine as before, walking to Ditmars Boulevard first, then hitting the bars towards Flushing. 
For some reason, this time we didn’t do as well as the previous week. The bars were more crowded than before, so it was very difficult to find space to shine any shoes. A few more bartenders also kicked us out before we could even ask anyone if they wanted a shine. After a few hours, and only two dollars to show for it, we were getting frustrated. When we got kicked out of the forth bar we decided to change our strategy. 
Putting our heads together, we decided Manhattan would be the ideal place to shine shoes. Both of us had been to Manhattan many times before with our parents, and knew there would be plenty of bars to go into. We walked up the stairs to the token booth and bought four tokens using the two dollars we had made. Rush hour was over, so the platform was fairly empty. This being the last station, there was a double R train already there waiting. We walked in and took two entire rows, putting the boxes on one side and sprawling across the other. Within a few minutes, the next train pulled into the station and ours took off.
We got off at 59th street. I don’t know why, maybe because we saw a lot of people on the platform, or we thought the area would be full of rich people with dirty shoes. Grabbing our boxes, we ran out of the subway train and headed for the stairs to take us up to the street. For those of you confused, the double R train starts its journey above the ground and just before crossing the East River into Manhattan goes underground. I guess they wanted to spare people the sight, and smell of waste floating down the river. 
Walking out of the 59th street subway at night was a magical experience for two eleven year old boys. Neither one of us had been to Manhattan by ourselves and never at night, even with our parents. We’d also never been to 59th street, day or night.
The bright store, and street lights mesmerized us. One store had all different types of magnificent looking coats. Michael and I looked through the windows with our mouths open, turning our heads from side to side. These were the most beautiful coats we’d ever seen. Some went all the way down to the mannequins’ feet while others were short, just above the waist. They were all obviously animal skin, with the fur intact, and some with the tail fully intact as well. In fact, for many of those coats, the only thing missing was the animal’s head. They were all really, really nice and looked very warm, with so much fur on that a person couldn’t possibly be cold in one of them. 
Once we had our fill of the items in the windows, we walked to the end of the block and just stood there looking at the mass of cars flowing by, and the vast number of lights. There were so many lights that it seemed like daytime. Looking down one street, we saw a limousine with a small crowd of people next to it. Having completely forgotten about shining shoes, Michael and I walked over to see what the fuss was all about.
About half a dozen people were next to the limo and another ten or so were standing in front of a door, seemingly waiting for something. Michael and I waited patiently along with them, thinking whatever was going to come out of that door must be special enough to cause a small crowd. We didn’t have to wait long.
About five minutes later the door opened and a man wearing a fancy black suit with what looked like a tail came out and held the door open. After him, a woman came out. She had blond hair that parted in the middle, came down over her ears, not quite touching her shoulders and curled in at the ends. If you took both sides of her hair and removed the head and placed the two ends together, it would have been heart shaped. It was the best looking hair I’ve ever seen on anyone. 
The woman was wearing a coat like the ones we had just seen in the store window. This one went all the way down to her feet, and the color was somewhere between red and orange. The entire coat was covered with fur, even the collar, which was so big it looked like it would completely cover her head. 
After walking out of the door, she headed towards the limo. The limo driver ran around to the side and opened the back door for her. Stopping by the door, she turned around to face the people who were waiting there. She started writing something on pieces of paper the people in the crowd were giving her, and then handing them back. After they were all done handing her papers to write on, she looked around, and then paused when she noticed Michael and me.
She looked at us for a few seconds and the two of us looked back at her, both of us transfixed there, unable to move. A smile appeared on her face, turning into a warm, broad smile that lasted a very long time, and as I looked back at her I could see her getting more and more beautiful by the second. She had the most beautiful smile, on the most perfect face, with the best looking hair, wearing the most magnificent coat. I could have stood there forever staring into her face. 
Nodding her head as if to say ‘Hi’ she slowly lifted her hand, not waving it, but kind of the way an American Indian would say “How.” Neither one of us moved, or were even capable of moving and before we realized it, she was in the limo waving to the crowd as it pulled away. We asked one of the people in the crowd who that woman was. 
It was Sandy Duncan.  
After the limo was gone we walked to the train station, and headed back home. That was the end of our shoe shining days. We would never top that night, and neither one of us wanted to try. We were content with that image of the beautiful, blond haired woman in the equally beautiful coat.  
That story was our key to the older boys club. After we told the story, they let us hang out with them, officially ending our careers as shoeshine boys. That was fine with us, since we had proven to them we were just as capable as everyone else. We must have told that story over and over again to the same people, neither tiring of it, until someone had a better story to tell.
To this day, I can still picture her standing there, looking at us with that sweet smile, and nodding her head as she lifts her hand up to say, “Hi”. 

11 - Summer Camp
Being poor entitled us to certain privileges such as free school lunches, and free summer camp. My parents were close friends with a Moslem family who lived on the other side of town. The mother, Marcel worked for the city and told my parents about these programs. Located in Harriman State Park, about ninety minutes north of New York City were summer camps created to serve underprivileged city kids. The camps were operated by a variety of non-profit organizations, which picked up the kids from the Port Authority bus terminal in Manhattan for two week sessions.
Camp Iroquois was a two hour bus ride from Manhattan, up in the Bear Mountain area. When Yusef and I were old enough, him fourteen and me twelve, Marcel had my father sign us up for a two week sleep away session at the camp. My father loved the idea. He thought being away from the family for two weeks would help us pick up a little more of the American culture. 
For someone growing up playing with sand or watching others play through a window, spending time at a camp in the woods was an unexpected treat. They had all kinds of games and activities, many of which I had never seen before. During the day, it would be one activity after another. Breakfast first thing in the morning and then boating, hiking, archery, arts and crafts, and then lunch followed by even more activities. 
I learned to swim there, and became quite an accomplished swimmer. Boating, canoeing and swimming were some of my favorite activities. At night, we’d have dinner followed by rest time. Afterwards, we’d light campfires, and sit around roasting marshmallows, and telling scary stories. The favorite was story was about Cropsey, an insane man who went around killing little boys with an axe, then dumping their bodies into the lake. On Friday nights, we’d watch a John Wayne western followed by bedtime. After those first two weeks I was hooked.
The following summer my parents signed Yusef up for camp, thinking I was better off at home. At the bus terminal, many of the kids were crying because they didn’t want to go to camp, but I was crying because I didn’t want to go back home. When I watched my brother get on the bus, and then watched the buses pull away, I cried even harder. 
There was no reasoning with me. My father smacked me several times, but even that wasn’t enough to calm me down. I wanted to go to summer camp, and there was no way I was going back home. An hour later, we were in my brother-in-law’s car headed for Bear Mountain, and Camp Iroquois. 
At the end of the two weeks, the buses arrived with the next set of kids ready to begin their adventure, and to take the others back to New York. Some kids cried as they got off the bus. Not at camp five minutes, and already they were homesick. I cried as well, but not for the same reason. While one counselor was on the phone telling a family to come get their son, another was on the phone telling my family I didn’t want to leave. My parents didn’t care either way, just as long as it wasn’t going to cost them anything. That summer I stayed at camp for two months -- the first kid to ever do that.
My proudest moment, ever, occurred when one of the counselors said he envied me. The counselors had been cutting down some trees and I had come over to help. They were using the old fashioned two handed saws, the one where a person stands on each side of the tree and each person holds one end of the saw. 
After cutting through half of one tree the counselor stopped to rest. Out of the blue, he looked up at me and said, “You know, I envy you.”
“What do you mean?” I asked him, not knowing what envy meant.
“I want to be like you,” he said.
“Why?” I asked him, a little more confused than before.
“Because you’re a hard worker, and you never stop.”
It was the first compliment anyone had given me.  
There was another counselor at camp that also played an important role in my life. One day we were out on a hike with our counselor, Patrick. Part of the trail ran alongside the lake and I slipped and fell into the lake. As I struggled to get back ashore one of my sneakers slipped off. We searched everywhere, but were unable to find it. Everyone else resumed the hike while, I made my way back to the cabins.
Without sneakers or boots, I was restricted to the cabin areas. The counselors told me to call home so my parents could get someone to bring a replacement pair of sneakers. When I told my mother I lost my sneakers she yelled at me. When I asked if she could send me another pair she said no, I’d have to wait till I got back home. 
For the next two days I walked around the cabin area in flip flops. During lunch Patrick asked when my sneakers were going to arrive. I told him they weren’t coming. 
That evening as we sat on our beds in the cabin telling stories, Patrick walked in carrying a bag. Everyone watched as he walked over to me, took a shoe box out of the bag and handed it to me. Inside the box was a brand new pair of sneakers. 
He had asked the camp director, the only person with a car, to drive him to the nearest town in order to buy a pair of sneakers for me. To the store and back was a two hour drive. Patrick had used his own money to pay for the sneakers. His selfless act brought tears to my eyes. From him, I picked up the habit of always trying to help others, something that has stuck with me to this day.
The only bad experience I had at camp during those three years was an ear infection that wouldn’t go away. The counselors kept me in the nurses’ office for three days, saying they would take me to the hospital on the fourth day if the infection and pain didn’t go away. It finally went away on the fourth day, sparing us a trip to the hospital, but by then I had lost part of my hearing in the left ear. Because of that incident, I grew up saying ‘What?’ a lot, and always seem to talk much louder than everyone does. 
All in all, I spent three summers at Camp Iroquois. Two weeks the first year, then two months each subsequent year. My brother, on the other hand, quit the second year after his second two-week stint.
Summer at Camp Iroquois was the highlight of my youth. I became a star there -- envied by one of the camp counselors for my work ethic. To me, nothing was work - collecting firewood, cutting down trees, cleaning and sweeping the sleeping quarters, hiking. All of it was exercise for me, a good way to get into shape, so no matter what they asked me to do, I did it with as much energy as I could put into it.
I learned how to play checkers there, and became the camp champion. I learned about four or five different swimming strokes, from freestyle to doggie style. I learned how to tread water for hours, and set a camp record for treading water the longest. I also set the camp record for holding your breath underwater the longest. In fact, I could have stayed under longer, but I was underwater for so long – long, after everyone else already came up for air, that the camp counselors thought something was wrong and dragged me up by my hair.
I became an American kid at camp. Watching John Wayne movies and living in the woods, like the original settlers and cowboys, slowly molded me into a regular kid, rather than the foreigner I had been.


12 - Beatings
Beatings were a normal part of growing up for us. Back then school teachers used wooden rulers to disciple unruly students. So getting punched in the head, whipped with a belt, or stick at home was accepted as normal behavior. In fact, beatings were normal in about half of the households in our neighborhood.  
My father’s weapon of choice depended on how bad the offense was. For certain offenses, like bad grades when the beating was for our own good, his weapon was the belt. For offenses which made him angry, like police visits or calls from the school, he’d use his fists and then grab whatever was handy -- such as a rolling pin, text books, anything within reach.   
If one of us failed a class, or a chore wasn’t done, or something went missing one of us would get beaten. My mother would usually be the one who’d turn us in. She would tell my father about whatever the infraction was as soon as he got home from work—that is, unless the offender was Yusef.
Yusef, my oldest brother, was my mother’s favorite. She’d let him lie, steal, stay out all night, miss school, flunk classes and numerous other offences -- some of which, occasionally brought the police to our door. My mother would hide all of this from my father, without taking any disciplinary action herself. 
Occasionally, my father would get wind of something that Yusef did, either from a neighbor, or from the police on the rare occasion when they’d show up when he was home. In those instances, he would beat them both, Yusef for committing the offence, and my mother for either covering it up, or for trying to defend him. 
Usually it was both.
I remember one time my father kept hitting my mother with his fists, blow after blow, and she ran out of the apartment. Usually he would hit her several times, open handed across the head, and that would be it. This time, whatever it was Yusef and my mother did was so bad he just kept punching her over and over again. She was screaming and crying, pleading for him to stop, but it was useless. All of us were crying and trembling with fear. 
When it was obvious he wasn’t going to stop, she ran out the door. He chased her down the stairs and caught her in the middle of the courtyard. The beating continued as the kids who were in the courtyard playing gathered around to watch, none daring to say a word. 
He was still beating her when the cops showed up. My mother and father were separated, with one policeman taking my father aside, while his partner talked to my mother. He asked her if she wanted to go stay with a friend or relative, and she said no. The cops left shortly afterwards, telling my father to keep it in the apartment.
Once the beating stopped, all of the crying stopped and the fear disappeared. We weren’t going to be left motherless after all. Usually we’d all be deadly quiet whenever someone was being beaten, afraid one of us would be next. That time however, he really wanted to kill her, and it terrified us. The next day things were back to normal, as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened just twenty four hours earlier. Yusef was back to skipping school and petty theft, while my mother was back to covering for him.
One of the beatings I got that stands out was related to a bicycle I built for myself. Almost every kid in our courtyard had a bicycle, except for my siblings and me. Each time any one of us asked our parents for a bike, we’d get the same answer -- we couldn’t afford it.
In the basement of our apartment complex was a large storage area and garbage bins. In our complex, the superintendent kept all of the discarded furniture, appliances and broken bikes in the storage area, next to the garbage bins. On garbage day, he would take everything out, furniture, bicycles and garbage to put on the curb for garbage pickup. 
Before garbage day, he’d let me go down there to gather bicycle parts. Over time, I collected enough parts to build my own bicycle. It was quite a bike too, much better than some of the store bought bikes the other kids had. It was white with a long black seat, back bar, high handlebars and extended front wheel. Almost chopper like, but without the front wheel extending as much.
One day, on his way home from work, shortly after the bike was finished, my father saw me riding it in the courtyard.
“Whose bike is that?” he asked.
“Mine,” I replied.
“Where’d you get it from?” he asked.
“I built it from scrap parts,” I replied.
With that, he walked away, not saying anything. Several minutes later, my mother poked her head out the window and said to come upstairs, my father wanted to see me.
“Where are my pliers and screw drivers?” he asked.
Seeing the bicycle that I built, the first thing he did when he got home was to check his toolbox. He found a pair of pliers and two screwdrivers missing and, putting two and two together figured I had taken them.
“I don’t know,” I responded.
I did know, but wasn’t about to tell him. Yusef had taken them the week before and never brought them back. My mother knew this, but didn’t speak up either. Yusef, and the tools, were nowhere in sight. My father took the belt out and beat me for a good five minutes. Afterwards, he explained that he did it for my own good, to teach me a lesson about lying. I believed him too, thinking he was a good father who was trying to teach me right from wrong. 
The bicycle stayed with me for two years. A group of us from the courtyard used to ride across half of Queens, going for three or four hour rides. When Evil Knievel came along, we put up ramps in the courtyard and did jumps. 
Towards the end of the second year with the bike, Yusef borrowed it to go to the supermarket, something he never did before. He came walking back home an hour later, saying that someone had stolen the bike while he was in the store. We spent the day looking for it all over Astoria, but never found it. I didn’t have the parts, or the will, to build another one.

13 - Expectations
Neither one of my parents went to school beyond elementary school classes. Their expectation was for the boys to get perfect grades in all of the classes, and if we didn’t, they figured we spent too much time playing instead of studying.  
Nothing we did in school was ever good enough for either my mother or father. School grades were always an issue. Anyone who got a failing grade would get beaten. If someone got a C or D, they’d be called an idiot and told to get out of sight. 
If someone got a B, they’d ask, “Couldn’t you get an A?”
If you got an A, they’d ask, “Couldn’t you get an A+?”
If you got an A+ in nine subjects and an A on the tenth, they’d ask “Couldn’t you get an A+ on that one?” 
Only perfection was enough for them. There was one incident regarding grades that has stayed with me to this day. Math was my best subject in school – I was a whiz in math, any type of math. During Junior High School, I was placed into one of the college level, advanced math classes. Everyone, aside from me, struggled with the work. I got hundreds on all of the exams for that class, except one. This particular test, the class final exam, was particularly difficult. When the teacher handed out the results, everyone flunked, except for one person—me. I got a ‘99’ on that test. The next highest score was a ‘68’, and the majority of the rest were in the forty’s. On the report card, my grade was a ‘99’, something unheard of for any college level math class. 
I was beaming with pride when I read that score on the report card. I waited until after dinner, when my parents and everyone else was in the living room. Standing up straight, with a smile as wide as my mouth could go, I handed the report card to my father. 
He looked at it for a couple of minutes, then handed it back and asked, “Why didn’t you get a hundred in math?”
My smile died instantly. 
My mother stepped in, “Leave him alone. He’ll do better the next time.” 
Any ounce of pride I had in me completely disappeared, replaced with sadness. As I walked away, my head dropped, my shoulders sagged and something within me changed. That would be the last time I ever showed them anything out of pride or a sense of accomplishment. 
School didn’t matter much me to after that. I don’t know if that was my way of getting back at them, but from that day forward, I stopped applying myself. 

14 - An Indecent Proposal
When I was sixteen years old, one of my friends’ fathers got me a job during the summer school break. Danny was a year younger than I was and lived in the set of apartments next to ours, but on the other side of the street. Danny was born here, an American, but his parents were from Cuba. He was about three or four inches taller than me, well fed with a bit of a gut, and just about one of the friendliest kids you could find. When he spoke, it was with a slow deliberate drawl, almost like a westerner, but without the cowboy hat.
Danny’s father, Juan, was a tall, slim, older fellow, closer to fifty. Danny and his father Juan had the same head of hair – thick, shiny, slicked back black hair. Juan worked as a cook at an Irish bar in Manhattan, directly across the street from a movie theater. The theater manager, Sal, used to come in regularly for dinner and the two got to know each other pretty well. 
One day, Sal was shorthanded and asked Juan if Danny wanted a job. Being an only child, and a little spoiled, Danny said he did not want the job and offered it to me. Naturally, I said yes. Aside from a chance to make what seemed like a lot of money, it would give me a chance to get away from the apartment. 
Working at the theater wasn’t very much fun, but it was a job and an easy one at that. At break time, I’d go across the street to the Blarney Stone bar to get a free meal from Juan. My hours were 6 o’clock p.m. until closing, six days a week. Most of the staff would leave once the last movie started, except for the busboy, me, and the manager. During the week, the last show would end around 11:30 p.m. and, on weekends, anywhere between 12:30 and 2 o’clock a.m.
Within the theater itself, nothing much happened. Some days I’d be working at the door taking tickets, and on other days I’d be the busboy, helping people to their seats and cleaning up after each movie. My entire paycheck would go to my mother, who said it was to help out the family. She’d give me back transportation money, just enough to get to work and back. 
Getting to work wasn’t a big deal. I’d walk the mile or so to the train station over on 31st Street and take the RR train to 59th Street. The theater was a block away from the subway station. Even though rush hour traffic at that time of the day went in the opposite direction, I’d have to wade through hundreds of people -- either walking home from the train station, or getting off the trains I was trying to get on. 
Getting home from work was a different story, especially on weekends after a very long movie. The RR train would be almost empty. By the time the train reached Ditmars Blvd, I’d be the only person left. From the train station, it would take me about twenty minutes to walk home, usually with no one else in sight-- except for one particular night, when a stranger started following me home.
On that particular night, I was walking my usual route on Ditmars Boulevard towards 20th Street, when I noticed a car following me. For two or three blocks I kept walking, occasionally glancing back to see what the car was doing. The driver kept moving along in the parking lane at the same speed as me, about three or four car lengths behind. Midway between 21st and 22nd Streets, I stopped and turned around to face the car. I was a street-smart kid who thought he could handle anything. The driver continued moving until he could see me through the already open passenger side window. The two of us looked at each other. 
Now, this was the Seventies. Kidnappings, sexual assaults on minors, and all those other horrible thoughts weren’t well publicized back them. They may have happened just as much as they do now, but for the people in the poorer neighborhoods, they were never mentioned or talked about. To us, they never happened, and there was no cause for concern. As I walked up to the side of the car, being hurt or attacked by this guy was the last thing on my mind. Regardless, my heart was racing a mile a minute.
I leaned over, looked through the passenger side window and asked him, “What do you want?”
I guess he had done this before because it seemed he was prepared for my question. In his right hand, he waved a rather fat stack of bills at me. I shook my head no, backed away from the car, and resumed my walk home. 
The car kept following me. At 21st Street, I turned right and walked towards 21st Avenue. From Ditmars Boulevard to 21st Avenue, while one continuous sidewalk, is about the size of three normal sized blocks. He followed me the entire distance. At that time of the morning, everything was closed, so there wasn’t much I could do aside from continuing to walk. 
At 21st Avenue, I turned left towards 20th Street, my block. He turned along with me, still following about three or four car lengths behind. Not wanting him to know where I lived, I continued straight towards 19th Street instead of turning onto my block. 
At 19th Street, I turned left, still followed by my shadow. By now it was after 2 o’clock a.m., and I was dead tired. Having followed me for over half a mile, it was obvious he wasn’t going anywhere, until he got what he was after. 
I walked into the middle of the street and waved him over, my heart beating so fast I wasn’t sure I could stand straight. He drove up, stopping when his driver side window was alongside me. This time, he was the one being cautious. He kept his window closed. I motioned for him to open his window. Cautiously, he opened it about one inch. I asked him to open it more. He opened it another inch.
Again, I asked him to open the window some more. Acting like he was the one in danger, he asked me, “Why?” 
I wanted to be able to hit this guy but he was making it difficult. Since I had a pretty good idea, from the stack of bill he waved at me, that he wanted sex. I pretended to be interested, hoping that would open the window further.
“So I can see what you have,” I said, pointing towards his groin.
He opened the window some more, stopping when it was halfway down. It was enough for my purposes. Before he knew what was coming, I punched him in the face.
That was enough to knock some sense into the pervert. He sped off, not even bothering to slow down as he turned the corner at the end of the block. Happy with myself, I started heading for home, my heart rate finally starting to slow down.
I continued working at the movie theater for another month, when they closed it for renovations. The theater was then sold to another chain -- some small independent chain. This particular theater was small and out of the way, so the large chains weren’t very interested in it. The new owners didn’t bother calling me back when they reopened. 
The last month of work was uneventful. The pervert who offered me money for sex was nowhere to be seen. I tried to be extra careful during the walks home, walking a little faster than usual and looking about every so often. I never told anyone about the incident with the pervert. I’m not sure how my parents would have taken it. Rather than get disappointed or surprised by their reaction, the best thing to do was not to say anything and not show any emotion.

15 - School
After graduating from the sixth grade I moved onto seventh at Junior High School 141, located two blocks away from Steinway piano. One would have thought we’d have a Steinway piano at the school, since we were close neighbors, but during my time there, I never saw one.
As misfortune would have it, we lived a few hundred feet short of a mile from JHS 141. Ordinarily, this wouldn’t be a big deal, but in my case, and for the other kids on my block, it meant we had to walk to school.
Those who lived just behind us in the next courtyard, at the one-mile mark and beyond, were given free bus passes. They were able to ride the city buses to school and back for free, while the rest of us had to walk, regardless of the weather. School closure due to snow, even when there was three feet of snow on the ground, almost never happened in New York.
Junior High School is what got me into shape. I used to spend about ninety minutes each day in the gym. Most of that time was spent weight lifting, with a little bit of gymnastics to close out the sessions.
I left Junior High School a different person. When I first started the seventh grade, I was a short skinny kid that others made fun of. If you can picture the before image of the large bodybuilder, the skinny weakling, that would be me -- only shorter and with a larger nose.
Junior High was my first experience with physical activities in the gym. This school had gymnastics, wrestling and weight lifting along with the other usual activities like basketball and dodge ball. I was hungry for everything. 
During gym class I excelled in gymnastics, especially the parallel bars, rope climbing, and wrestling. After school ended for the day, from Monday through Friday, I’d go back to the gym and spent another two hours lifting weights. By the time seventh grade ended I looked more like the after rather than the before image of the bodybuilder.
After that other kids stopped making fun of me. From that point on, I began having fewer fights, and won any that I did have. During the last year of Junior High School, I registered for and was accepted into Aviation High School, where they taught how to fix airplanes.
In the summer break of 1977 my father retired from his job as a handyman at the city hospital and decided to move the family back to Jordan. They wanted me to go with them. I wanted to stay, but agreed to go for the summer to see if I liked it enough in Jordan to stay with them. 
I didn’t. 
During the two months in Jordan, there were only two things which stood out. The first was the death of Elvis Presley. The second was hearing the latest Rita Coolidge hit “Your Love Has Lifted Me Higher and Higher” for the first time. It would become one of my favorite songs. Nothing else stood out during that visit, aside from the fact that it still seemed like a third world country, and I didn’t care for it at all.
At the end of the two months, I was back in the United States, this time going to New Jersey to stay with my sister Rania and her family and commuting to Aviation High School in Queens, New York. 
For the last two years of high school, I commuted from North Bergen to Queens. Door to door it would take between thirty minutes to an hour, depending on how lucky I was catching the bus and the trains. To satisfy residency requirements, I used my parents’ friends address in Astoria, the ones who had signed us up for summer camp. For money, I got part time jobs anywhere I could.
Any money I made was just enough to pay my expenses, and to give my sister money for room and board. She never asked for any money, but I felt guilty staying with her and not paying anything. My parents had never asked Rania if I could stay. She had volunteered when I said I wanted to finish Aviation High School.

16 - The Deli and the Pretty Woman 
While staying with Rania, a family relative who owned a deli on the lower west side of Manhattan offered me a job as a cashier. Eager for the money, I took the job. After school, I would take the train directly to the deli, and from the deli, go straight home.
Working at the deli was pretty easy. As the cashier, the only time I was busy was during the evening rush hour, when people stopped in on the way home for last minute items. At other times, customers would show up every few minutes and the later it got, the less frequent they came. The slow times gave me a chance to catch up on schoolwork. 
I stayed to myself while at the deli. The family relative and the other workers were always busy making sandwiches, stocking the shelves and tidying up. We’d say hello, but that was pretty much it. I wasn’t the conversational type and when anyone tried engaging me in a discussion, they would quickly give up. My short, straight answers with no engaging comebacks or questions, made the conversation bland, and they’d quickly give up. After several of these, they learned and stopped trying. 
It was the same thing with the customers. “Hello,” “Thank you,” “How many packs?”, “That’ll be $17.50,” was pretty much the extent of my conversation with them. I became known as the shy, quiet one.
There was one customer, a very attractive woman, probably in her upper twenties who kept flirting with me. At seventeen, with no experience with the opposite sex, this was both a welcomed reprieve from the usual, and a little scary. 
For the first several weeks, it never dawned on me that she was flirting with me. I just thought she was very friendly. The deli owner was the one who came over one day as she walked out and said, “She’s flirting with you.” 
Thinking back on some of the things she had said to me made me realize that he was right. 
“You look so tired,” she’d say in a sweet sexy voice, as I was ringing up her groceries.
“I was working out and did too much,” I’d answer timidly.
“Why don’t you come over to my place and let me give you a back rub?” She’d ask, opening both of her palms as if to show they were available.
“No thank you, I’ll be okay.” I managed to eke out.
On a different day, it would be something else.
“Your hair is getting so long,” she’d say, emphasizing and stretching the word ‘long’.
“I need a haircut,” I’d respond matter-of-factly.
“You know, I used to cut hair. Why don’t you come over to my place, and I’ll give you a nice haircut?” she’d offer, while twirling her hair between her fingers.
“That’s okay, there’s a barber at the bus station.” I’d respond. 
On another occasion:
“Look at your muscles -- they’re so big,” she’d say, reaching over to feel my bicep.
I’d smile back, not knowing what to do or say, but feeling proud of my muscles.
“I’ll bet you can squeeze all the air out of me with those arms,” she’d say softly, holding her arms against her sides as she lifted her shoulders, mimicking being squeezed.   
“That’ll be $17.50,” would be my response.
Once the owner told me she was flirting, my face started turning red whenever she’d say anything that even seemed like flirting. 
“Why don’t you go home with her?” The manager asked me from time to time.
I just shrugged, not knowing what to say. After watching this go on for another week, my face continually turning red, the manager came over to me one day as she walked out the door.
“You know she’s a man,” he said.
“What do you mean?” I asked, somewhat confused.
“She’s a man. She has a penis,” he countered.
“No, she’s too pretty to be a man.”
“She is, trust me. The next time she’s here, look at the bulge between her legs, and the large Adam’s apple she has.”  
The next time she came in, I tried to catch a peek without being obvious or getting caught. The Adam’s apple was easy to spot. The bulge was harder because she wore skirts most of the time. Finally, during one weekend, she came in with jeans. The bulge was obvious. The thought of it turned my stomach.
She kept flirting for another week, but it was obvious something was wrong. My face stopped turning red when she flirted. My responses couldn’t get any blunter than before, but I couldn’t look her in the face, the neck, or below, so I’d keep looking in different directions. After a week or so, she stopped coming in. 
That was my introduction to the Village. The deli, it turned out, was two blocks away from Greenwich Village, where most of Manhattan’s gay community lived and hung out.  


17 - Commuting
Riding the trains at night in Manhattan was quite an experience for a seventeen year old, especially on holidays when people celebrated and dressed up in costumes. For me, riding the trains in Manhattan was a study in the different types of people, and in human behavior. 
When I wasn’t trying to do homework, I’d pass the time on the trains by watching people. Watching people and catching glimpses of their conversations made the ride go by quicker, and occasionally I’d be so caught up that I’d almost miss my stop. 
During the day and early evening, it was mostly commuters -- the white-collar type, going back and forth to work. These commuters were always in a hurry, no matter what time of the day it was. In the morning to get to work, and during lunchtime to grab some food then head back to work, and in the evening they just wanted to get home.
Non white-collar commuters and non-commuters were a different story. They were never in a hurry. These can further be broken down into several types. 
The first were the regular, non-white-collar commuters. They were polite, considerate, never in a hurry-- average working people. The next type was the happy go lucky kids and families out to see Manhattan. They were always happy and never bothered anyone trying to keep to themselves and trying not to talk to strangers. During school hours, kids would be on the trains going to and from school, pretty much like me. There would usually be large groups of them, especially as the train got closer to the stop where the school was located. 
The troublemakers were gangs of teenagers or young adults looking for a good time, usually at someone else’s expense. This group was loud, rowdy and looking for a fight, or to intimidate someone. One thing I never did with this crowd was look any of them in the eyes. Looking them in the eyes was a sign of aggression, and those who did it were usually mentally sick, out-of-towners or others looking for a fight themselves.  
My favorite was the Manhattan crowd. The Manhattan crowd was the most colorful. This type was usually two or more young adults, in their twenties and early thirties -- relaxed, very charming and easy going. They were always engaged with each other, lost in conversation, yet still cautious of their surroundings. During holidays and special occasions, they’d be train hopping from one party to another, sometimes in costume.
Tourists were very rare on the trains. Most of them stayed above ground, either walking or taking taxis or buses. 
Others, but in much smaller numbers, were vagrants who rode the trains mostly in winter in an effort to stay warm. They kept to themselves, usually asleep in one of the corners. Beggars were another infrequent type. Every once in a while a beggar would walk into the train, either from the car in front or behind. There were different types but with several common methods. 
First were the ones with the cards which explained their plight. Those beggars would hand out a card to everyone in the car, starting from one end and walking all the way to the opposite side. They would then walk back, taking the cards and sometimes some money as they passed each person. 
Next would be the comedians. This type would walk into the train car and begin their monologue, which went into detail on how they got into their current position and how a few pennies from each person would help them get their next meal. They would then walk towards the opposite end of the car, pausing for a second or two by each person, and getting some money from a few. Occasionally, there would be a beggar with a small monkey on his shoulders. The monkey held a hat, or cup to collect money as the beggar walked by. Each of these types would repeat this routine from one car to the next. Once they visited all of the cars, they’d get off that train, catch the next one and repeat the routine.
Musicians were very common, but not on the trains. They would set up shop on the platform or along a busy walkway. Some of them were very good, and collected a lot of money. They’d have a guitar case, large hat or some other large container to collect donations. There would be all kinds of musicians -- singers, guitar players, flute players, drums and bongos and many others. It made for good entertainment when the trains were running slow.
Everyone tried to stay away from the mentally ill and the thieves. These types were always alone. Thieves would walk from one end of the platform or train to the other end, looking for a target. Once they found someone, they’d follow that person, looking for an opportunity to grab something and run. If they were on the train, they’d grab what they were after and run out as the doors were closing, preventing anyone from being able to follow them. During rush hour, they’d pick people’s pockets or purses, with most not realizing what happened till they got home. If they were on the platform, they’d snatch a purse or other article from an unsuspecting person, then run out of the train station and disappear from sight.
The mentally ill were the worst. They had no fear. Many of them didn’t know right from wrong. On the trains, they were pretty harmless and stayed to themselves most of the time. Every now and then, there would be one who was in the midst of a panic attack. Anyone who was on that train car when this happened would walk, or run, to the next car and safety. 
On the platforms is where the mentally ill were the most dangerous. They would stand behind someone, waiting for the train to pull into the station. As the train approached, they would push the unsuspecting person, usually standing too close to the edge of the platform onto the train tracks. Whenever I was on a platform waiting for a train, I would constantly look about to see who was close to me or behind me. When I heard a train approaching, I’d move back four or five feet and only moved forward once the first car went by, and the train started slowing down.
In the train stations and on the trains themselves, it was okay, even wise to be paranoid because chances were someone really was watching you. Every once in a while I’d witness an encounter between individuals from two groups of the troublemaker types. One of them would instigate by openly looking at the other group. 
“What are you looking at?” 
“Nothing.” 
“Who are you calling nothing?” 
“You man.”
The two of them would then start fighting. Sometimes the others would break them up and they’d head off towards opposite ends of the train, cursing each other out, or they’d let the fight finish, which usually happened when one group was much stronger than the other.
Anytime someone asked me, “What are you looking at?” I just turned my head and ignored the person. The person asking would go back to whatever they were doing.
There was one woman who caught my attention. I’d see her in the morning walking from the Port Authority bus terminal to the train station. She was a black woman, about 5’9”, probably in her upper fifties or lower sixties. She looked close to two hundred pounds. She’d have the same old, dirty dress on with a couple of layers of sweaters over it. In each hand she had a large paper shopping bag, full to the top. 
The reason she caught my attention was because she’d walk halfway through the tunnel to the trains, then stop and begin begging. At about 6 o’clock p.m., she’d collect her things and then head back to the bus terminal. Monday through Friday, along with the other commuters, she’d catch a bus from New Jersey to Manhattan just before the morning rush hour and back to New Jersey just after the afternoon rush hour. Much like everyone else, she’d put in ten hours of work -- begging, and then head back home to New Jersey. I was always curious how much money she took in each week. 
For someone coming from a culture where everyone pretty much appeared to be the same, the New York City subway system was a joy to behold. Where else could I see so many different types of people together in one place, getting along comfortably for the most part? 
I enjoyed riding the subways because it was live entertainment. There was no telling who I would run into, from a beggar commuting to work to a classical musician. The train stations were filled with every type of person imaginable and I liked having the opportunity to watch them in action.
18 - Times Square
Before I started working at the deli, I used to commute during rush hour traffic. The buses, trains, platforms, and tunnels were always so crowded that the force of the crowd pretty much moved me along. I didn’t have much of an opportunity to stop and smell the roses.  
Once I began working at the deli, my commute home became more relaxed. The trains, tunnels, and platforms weren’t as crowded and I didn’t feel pressured to move fast. From the deli, I would take the train up to Times Square, and then walk about half a mile through the maze of tunnels to get to the bus terminal.
After doing this for about a month, I started making the walk from the train to the bus terminal above ground. Exiting the subway station before taking the tunnels put me into the heart of Times Square. From there, I’d walk the three blocks to the bus terminal. Unless it was very cold or raining, this became my normal route. Distance wise it was shorter above ground, but it usually took longer due to the traffic lights, the cars and the mass of pedestrians. 
I didn’t mind though. Prior to that, I had been in the Times Square area maybe once or twice, usually just to pass through, and the above ground route gave me a chance to watch what went on in Times Square. 
The long block, 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, was mostly movie theaters. At the time, there were at least ten theaters, two-thirds on the south side of the street and one-third on the opposite side. Most of them were playing either martial arts or horror double features, while the others, usually the smaller ones, played porn movies. 
Beyond and in between the theaters were small, fast food type, restaurants selling pizza, hot-dogs, pretzels, and other food like that-- all non-franchise places. There were also souvenir shops, electronic shops and adult shops. A variety of non-tourists frequented the stores along the block. Most wore jeans or leather, about twenty five years old or younger, and were always in groups. The only people who were alone were usually older men, walking into or out of the porn theaters and the adult shops. Those were almost always men, middle aged, some in jeans but many in slacks and button shirts. Many had on trench coats.
For an eighteen year old who had never seen any of this before, it was like something out of the movies. The cars, the noise, the people, the flashing neon lights, the entire experience was amazing. 
One time I was passing by an adult shop, and paused to gaze through the window -- amazed at the sex toys, adult movies, and erotic books and magazines they had on display. About a minute later, a man walked up and stood next to me, close enough that we were almost touching.
“Are you working?” he casually asked me.
“What do you mean?” I asked, having no clue as to what he wanted.
Nodding towards the window, he clarified his question “Are you working the street?”
Almost immediately, the experience with the pervert in Astoria came to mind. Much like the man who followed me, I figured this man wanted sex in exchange for money. Remembering how bad I felt about not taking the money from the first predator before hitting him, I thought about what to do with this one. The man appeared to be in his late twenties or early thirties. He was a few inches taller than me, with a slim build and black hair that appeared matted down, just slightly covering his ears.  
“How much?” 
“Thirty dollars” he responded
“Do you have somewhere to go?” I asked him, my heart beating faster and faster.
It must have been a regular occurrence for him. He had me follow him to a hotel about two blocks away, which rented rooms by the hour. At the front desk, he paid for an hour and was given the keys to a room on the second floor.
Up to this point, I had seen movies where a man picks up a prostitute. Protocol seemed to be the prostitute collected the money first, and then asked the man to strip. It seemed like the right approach to take. Surprisingly, my nervousness and fear subsided. My heart was still beating like crazy, but I felt calm otherwise. He didn’t look like he’d be carrying a weapon, nor did he look very strong. 
Upon entering the hotel room, I asked the man for the money. He handed over thirty dollars, which I placed into my pocket. I told him to strip. Rather than taking his shirt off, which I was prepared for in order to punch him in the stomach, he pulled down his trousers and underwear. He then stood up, waiting for me to do something. Altering my plan, I did something—but obviously not what he was expecting. I kicked him in his testicles. As he doubled over, I calmly walked out of the hotel room. He didn’t bother chasing after me, and I never saw him again. 
Taking the thirty dollars from that guy didn’t make me feel any better than the previous time. In fact, I felt a little worse. Even though this guy was a predator and probably deserved what he got, I felt bad about what I did to him. That would be the last time I’d stop to peek through the windows of a sex shop.
After my experience with the predator, I kept my distance from the sex shops and most other stores or crowds. Rather than walk alongside the storefronts, I stayed towards the side of the sidewalk closest to the street. If I spotted a crowd ahead of me I’d cross the street just to be safe. However, there was one night where I couldn’t avoid the crowd no matter which direction I walked.    
On that particular night, I came out of the train station to find what looked like thousands, upon thousands of people. They were packed so tightly together that it was almost impossible to move. Intrigued, I walked towards the direction everyone was facing to see what was going on. I didn’t get too far, but got far enough to see what was going on. Many of them had large floppy hats with the large Styrofoam pointed finger over one of their hands. It was 11:30 p.m. on New Year’s Eve, 1977.
I stood there and watched along with everyone. There were movie cameras, hundreds of police officers, many on horsebacks, and a small group of people standing on a large platform facing lights and a camera. I was excited that I’d be able to say I was part of the New Year’s Eve celebration at Times Square. 
When the ball started coming down, everyone started screaming, yelling and whistling. Next, they started counting down the clock. At zero, the ball reached the bottom and lit up the New Year ‘1978’. This was followed by more yelling, screaming and whistling. People were raising bottles and glasses, toasting and kissing each other.
Almost in an instant, surrounded by thousands of people, I felt all alone. Everyone had someone or a group to celebrate with. I felt lonelier at that point in time than I had felt at any other time in my life. 
We were never a close family. No one ever hugged, kissed, walked arm in arm, or even held hands in my family. There were no holiday celebrations, no parties or anything slightly resembling group excitement, aside from the times when we watched fake wrestling on television. No one in the house had ever stayed up for New Years.
I grew up that way, and since it wasn’t there, didn’t miss it. But when it was right there in my face, and I saw what everyone else was doing, how they were celebrating and interacting with each other, I realized that something really important had been missing from my life.  
Thankfully, after a few minutes of celebrating, the crowd began to disperse. I made my way to the bus terminal and took the bus home.
Outside of the New Year’s Eve incident, I get fascinated every time I walk through Times Square. Each time is never the same. There are always different stores, different people, new neon lights; each time is almost like the first. To this day I’d rather walk through Times Square to get somewhere than travel through the underground tunnels. It is an experience which never grows old. 

19 –High School Years
The rest of the school year was uneventful. I enjoyed going to Aviation High School and learning to fix airplanes. During summer break, I left the job at the deli in exchange for a full time job at a home improvement store in North Bergen. Between the two jobs I was able to save up some money. 
When I had enough money I went shopping for a car and bought myself a 1968 blue, Ford Mustang. The car had a small, racing steering wheel, racing seats and wide racing wheels on the rear. The rear driver side of the car had been hit, and it was obvious they had fixed it with body filler. Up close, you could tell, but from a distance, it looked like a beauty. It also had a sports muffler, which made a sound like a racing car whenever I hit the gas. Idling, the car purred like a cat. The car cost six hundred dollars, and was worth every penny. 
One of the first things I did was to take a few of my cousins for a ride on the Palisades Thruway in New Jersey. I was familiar with it because the buses going to Camp Iroquois took that road. Most of the road was a straight stretch of highway with no turns. It was a good place to take a muscle car for a speed test. The car got up to 112 miles per hour before smoke started coming out from under the hood. The radiator was out of water. The car still worked, so I continued slowly on the highway, until we came upon a first service station. Filling the radiator seemed to fix the issue. Regardless, on the drive home I stayed just slightly above the speed limit. I was happy. 
I was very happy. 
When the twelfth grade started, they let me adjust my schedule from full-time to part-time at the home improvement store. Rather than take the bus and train, I drove the mustang to school and back. The car made the commute so much easier, and a lot more fun. In the morning, if I caught all the green lights on Eighth Avenue, I’d make it from North Bergen to the school at Long Island City in twenty minutes. On average, the ride used to take about 30 minutes. Back then, rush hour traffic wouldn’t start getting heavy until after 7:30 a.m., just about the time I’d be reaching the school. 
The last year of High School went by quickly. I applied for, and got accepted at an Aeronautical University down in Florida. Defense contractors from California recruited most of the other graduating students. 
Leaving Aviation High School closed the Queens chapter of my life. There were many times while in Astoria that I had seriously considered not going home, and instead taking the train out of the city. Those moments usually occurred a day or two after being whipped by my father, and each time I would get closer and closer to leaving. Getting accepted into Aviation High School, and then learning my family was moving back to Jordan, made me realize I was glad that I hadn’t run away.  


20 - The Family and the FBI
Within days after high school ended, my family decided to return to the United States, something I think my mother talked my father into. My father came first, to find somewhere for the family to live. He found it in a rundown house on one of the busiest roads in North Bergen, Highway 1 and 9, also known as Tonnelle Avenue. It was a two story house with a basement, and no garage or driveway. 
The house was a dark faded green, at least fifty years old and looked like it still had the original asbestos siding, doors, windows and roof. It was so cheap, that my father was able to pay for it in cash, using money he made by selling property in Jordan. The inside of the house was just as old and grimy as the outside, with cracking plaster walls and ceilings.
Most of the family flew back just after my father bought the house. By this time, there were ten children in the family, five boys and five girls. While in Jordan, my mother had given birth to two more children -- a boy Adnan, just shy of two years, and a girl -- Sarah, just a few months old. When she flew back, she came with only six kids; Jasmine, Salma, Sami, Abdul, Adnan and Sarah. It turned out that when they arrived in Jordan, one of the first things they did was to find someone to marry Nour. 
Nour was married off to a man she hated, at sixteen years old. The man was a farmer and sheepherder, a distant relative whose roots were from the same village as our parents, Jalud. The choice they gave Nour was marriage or death. Nour was strong willed at the time, and I think the only reason she didn’t chose death was because she thought given time, she would find a way out. Unfortunately, that opportunity wouldn’t arrive for almost thirty years.   
I moved in with my parents. It was a really horrible house, which my father made even worse by continually fixing it with scrap pieces he’d find in the basement or the back yard. Nobody ever went into the basement, aside from my father. It was claustrophobic even for those who had no problem with closed spaces. Breathing in the basement was an ordeal due to the amount of dust covering everything, and the lack of airflow or light. Even though the basement was as large as the first floor, there was only about five square feet of open space where a person could stand.
The back yard wasn’t much better. On the left side was a fence separating our yard from the house next door. The right side of the yard was wide open, extending into the open lot adjacent to the house. The yard went back about twenty feet, ending with a broken down fence. In the middle of the yard was a gigantic hole, large enough to bury a body. It was there when we moved into the house, and was still there when I left a few months later. The back yard was just as creepy as the basement.
For the summer, I got a job at a local bottling factory, making seven and change an hour. It was a lot of money back then, not that I saw much of it. I gave the paycheck to my mother for groceries and whatever else she needed for the house. A month after moving into the house the motor on the Mustang seized, and I had no choice but to junk it. It worked out well, since I’d be flying to Florida in a couple of weeks for college.
About six weeks after moving into the house, the family made plans to go to the Great Adventure amusement park in New Jersey, designating me as the driver. It was a beautiful sunny day, perfect to spend outdoors. Since I no longer had a car of my own, I was driving my father’s car, a 1969, gold, four door, Chevy Nova. As I pulled up to the house, a few of my brothers and sisters were on the sidewalk, shouting and jumping for joy. This would be our first trip to an amusement park. My mother, and four of the kids climbed in and we were off. Great Adventure was a ninety minute ride from the house, most of it on the New Jersey Turnpike, also known as I95. 
A bad habit I had developed, most likely from driving the Mustang, was speeding. After the first ten miles of so, the New Jersey Turnpike turns into wide open road, flat and straight for miles. I began speeding, passing one car after another. At eighty five miles an hour, I came up to a car ahead of me that wouldn’t change lanes. The driver kept speeding along with me. When I had an opening, I changed lanes and, reaching ninety miles an hour, managed to pass the car. After moving back into the left lane, the car I had just passed started tailgating me, both of us now going ninety miles an hour.
I moved into the middle lane to let the driver pass. Rather than passing us, the car pulled alongside and stayed there as the man in the passenger seat rolled down his window and waved a badge at me, signaling me to pull over. It looked like speeding had finally caught up with me.
As I pulled over to the right hand shoulder, the car alongside pulled up and came to a stop in front of us. A second car, which I hadn’t noticed before, pulled up behind us. Both cars were dark; four door sedans, without any visible flashing lights. 
Four men came walking over, two from the car in front and two from the car behind us. Each car had a younger man, probably in the mid-twenties, wearing a cap with FBI emblazoned on the front. The second man in the front car was a middle aged guy, in his late thirties or early forties. The second man in the rear car looked like he was in his fifties, with thinning white hair. All of them wore suits. The white haired agent did most of the talking.  
“Are you Yusef?” he asked.
“No” I replied.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
“Omar” I replied.
“Show me your driver’s license.”
I handed it to him.
“Why were you trying to get away from us?” he asked.
“I wasn’t. I didn’t know you were following me.”
“Where were you going in such a hurry?”
“Great Adventure” I replied.
“Why was everyone so excited when you pulled up to the house?” he asked.
“They were excited about going to Great Adventure, it’s their first time.”
They kept everyone else in the car. An agent stood guard on each side of the car, keeping an eye on them. The white haired agent had me open the trunk, and move to the side as the middle aged agent looked around. The only things he found were a couple of coolers with soda and sandwiches, a spare tire, and a few blankets.
They kept us about a half hour altogether, calling in my information and the car license plates. He asked when I had spoken to or seen Yusef last, and if I knew where he was. I told him we hadn’t seen or spoken to Yusef in years. The agent on the passenger side asked my mother and the others the same questions, and got the same answers. Satisfied, they let us go. They wouldn’t tell us what he was wanted for. 
Yusef had joined the Marines right after High School. He had finished boot camp, got stationed in Texas, and then a year later managed to get medically discharged for back problems as a result of a car accident. Apparently, while stopped at a red light, his car was rear ended. He disappeared after leaving the Marines.
We would find out many years later, when the FBI finally arrested him, that he was committing fraud. He was passing himself off as a rich, Arab Sheik at luxury hotels and using counterfeit cashier’s checks. If they followed us to Great Adventure they must have done a better job than before. I didn’t see either of the cars the rest of the day. 
We had fun at the park. Aside from my mother, who stayed on the lawn outside the park with the blankets and coolers, no one else was concerned about Yusef. Since High School, Yusef had been getting into trouble on a regular basis. Two weeks later I was on a plane flying down to Daytona Beach, to Embry Riddle Aeronautical University. 

21 - Daytona Beach
The reason I had chosen Aviation high school was so that I wouldn’t have to go to college. In my mind, I had pictured how my future would play out. I would get a job as an airplane mechanic, open my own garage after a few years, and then retire rich. My father however insisted that I go to college. To avoid any confrontation, I chose a school far away, in a location I’d like -- Embry Riddle Aeronautical University, in Daytona Beach, Florida.
There were three of us from Aviation HS who got accepted into Embry Riddle, Danny, Paul, and me. Financial aid covered tuition, housing and food and a five thousand dollar student loan left me with enough money for anything else I’d need. Prior to this, the furthest I’d been from Astoria was Camp Iroquois in Bear Mountains, New York.
At this point in time, I had gotten used to being on my own. Even though I was living with my sister, Rania, for the two years before my parents came back, I was still pretty much on my own. The thought of flying down to Daytona Beach didn’t really make me nervous. I was happy to be getting very far from everyone, and looking forward to some real freedom for the first time in my life. 
At the Daytona airport I grabbed a taxi to the campus. Along the way, the taxi passed the Daytona Beach International Speedway. It was an awe inspiring experience. From the road you could see part of the raceway, and in my mind I pictured the race cars flying by. I could hear the sounds they made as they zoomed by, and the roar of the crowd as the cars neared the finish line. It was a beautiful sight. If the taxi driver had looked in the rearview mirror he would have thought I was nuts. In the mirror he’d have seen a large smile on my face, and a tear running down my cheek. He’d have seen happiness on my face. 
During the time we lived in Astoria, my parents never took us sightseeing. We had never been to the Empire State Building, Lincoln Center, any museums or even the Statue of Liberty. We went to state parks or beaches, anything that was free, and barbequed hamburgers and hotdogs. I had been to an opera and to the Bronx Zoo, but those were on elementary school trips. The giant raceway was my first glimpse outside of the New York area of what America really was like. 
The Embry Riddle campus was large, but not overwhelming. At least I didn’t feel overwhelmed. It was a school -- a place I didn’t want to be. Registration The campus was easy to navigate and within two hours of getting to Florida, I was in my dorm room. The dorm rooms were on the edge of the campus. They paired me with an All-American kid. Steven was a blond haired, blue eyed, surfer type student who was starting his second year.  
Steven and I had nothing in common. He looked smart, a future politician, fun to be around, and a real partying type. And I was me. Quiet, non-partying, happy go lucky me. We were like two of the opposing students from the Animal House movie. The two of us never hung out together and outside of hello and goodnight, never talked either.
Steven would get back to the dorm room about one or two in the morning each night, dead drunk. He’d be gone early in the morning, before I woke up. I have no idea how he did it, but he’d go to classes during the day then drink in the evening just about every day. 
The room was a typical dorm room with two bunk beds, one on top of the other and two desks. No room for anything else. I took the bottom bed and Steven took the top. Neither of us spent much time in the dorm room, using it mainly to sleep and shower. 
A disadvantage of being the first in the family to go to college, especially for someone who keeps to himself, is that you don’t get certain information ahead of time, like to show up early for registration. Class registration was held the next day in the school gym. By the time I arrived most of the students had already picked their classes, and were back in the dorm rooms or out having fun. For me, this was bad news. Most of the good classes and class times were fully booked. The schedule I ended up with was horrible. My first class was 8 o’clock a.m. in the morning, immediately followed by my second class, at the other end of the campus. My last class started 4 p.m. in the afternoon. 
The first day of school was not fun. During the first class, rather than pay attention to the professor, I spent the time staring out of the window, admiring the beautiful landscape. With the second class on the other side of the campus, I had no intentions of running or speed walking. Naturally, by the time I got there, everyone was already seated and listening as the professor was making his introductory speech. 
The instructor stopped what he was doing and stood with his arms crossed, with that ‘amazed he was interrupted’ look on his face. I knew deep down he was picturing a failing grade for the cause of this interruption. I was used to it. While commuting from New Jersey to New York during high school, this happened to me time after time in my 8 a.m. English class. That English teacher had given me a ‘D’ for the class, even though my test scores were ‘A’s and B’s’. 
Teachers can overlook many things, but they absolutely hate students who walk in late and interrupt them. It’s disruptive to the class and breaks their train of thought. As with the first class, I spent the time in the second class looking out the window, at the beautiful trees and flowers outside. At some point, classes ended that day and I made my way back to the dorm room. 
The first day of school was a horrible, horrible experience. I didn’t care for it one bit. That would be my first and last day of classes. The next day, and every day afterwards, I didn’t bother going back to classes. 
Not attending classes didn’t mean I had to leave the school though. The dorm room was paid for, tuition was paid for, and food was paid for. I stayed put, continuing to live in the campus dorm room, just not attending any classes. Danny, Paul and I continued to hang out together. We’d have breakfast, lunch and dinner in the school cafeteria if their schedule allowed. We’d attend the shows the school held on the weekends. Concerts, comedians and guest speakers -- one guest speaker was there teaching how to meditate. I really enjoyed that show and tried using some of the mediation techniques. The only problem was that it worked too well. Not able to sit cross legged on the floor, I would try meditating lying down. Each time I started meditating, it would get me so relaxed that I’d be sound asleep within a few minutes.

22 - Sightseers
Outside of Jordan and the NY area, I had never been anywhere else. Danny and Paul were both born and raised in the New York area, and had never been anywhere else either. Daytona Beach was a small vacation town and during the summer and racing months, the area would be packed with tourists. During the school year it was empty, aside from locals, college kids and bikers. 
Bikers were always stopping in Daytona Beach on their way across the country. You’d find the bikers by the beach, taking the outside tables at one of the hamburger places, or clustered around a few bars. If you left them alone they left you alone. We never had any problems with the bikers.
It became obvious, fairly quickly, that we were out of place in Daytona Beach. Danny, Paul, Harry -- one of Paul’s friends, and I went sightseeing the second week we were there. As we walked along the sidewalk, a young woman in her mid-twenties, smiled as she passed us. All of us stopped, instinctively, turning around to look at her. We glanced at each other, thinking the same thing, “What’s the matter with her?” 
She didn’t look like a hooker, so we ruled that out. Maybe she liked one of us? Finally we decided she must have mental issues and resumed our walk. A few blocks further down a second woman, about our age, attractive, with blond hair and blue eyes, smiled as we passed each other. This time we were sure this girl liked one of us. Up north, women never smile at men out on the streets, unless they’re working girls, hookers, or it’s someone they know and like. We figured she knew us from school and liked one of us. We ran back after her. 
“Excuse me” Paul said.
“Yes?” she answered, in a slow southern drawl, with the same smile as before. She didn’t even seem scared or nervous.
“Which one of us do you know?” Paul asked her. 
“No one” she answered back.
Now we were confused. 
“Who were you smiling at?” I asked. 
“All of you” she responded. She had the most wonderful accent. It was like sweet music.
We looked at each other, confused.
“Was she one of those swingers everyone hears about from time to time?” The look in our eyes seemed to ask.
“Where are you from?” she asked, seeing the look of confusion on our faces. 
“New York”, Paul answered.
“Oh, that explains it” she said, “You see, down here, everyone smiles when coming across other folks. It’s common courtesy. They don’t do that in New York?”
“Oh no, no, no,” We responded in unison.
“If you smile at someone up there you’ll end up getting beaten, raped or kidnapped.”
“Or all three,” chimed in Harry.
It was just like she said. Each time we’d pass someone -- man, woman, boy or girl, they would give us a warm friendly smile. Once we knew the reason, we were a bit more relaxed, and dropped the northern custom of giving everyone mean, dirty looks. 
The weather in Daytona Beach was hot and humid. It was also very strange. One minute it would be sunny, then without warning, there’d be a thundershower. An hour later, the sun would be back out. This happened several times a day, for what seemed like every day. In order to be comfortable, my wardrobe transformed from jeans and sneakers, to shorts, tank tops and flip flops. Weather permitting, that’s what I would wear during most of my time in Daytona.   
Over the next month we enjoyed ourselves. On one of the days, Danny, Paul, Harry and I took a ride down to Orlando. There was one incident which I still remember clearly that made us all laugh each time we talked about it. We had gotten lost upon arriving in Orlando and pulled up to a gentleman to ask for directions. The man, who appeared to be in his sixties, was walking along on the sidewalk and minding his own business as we came up from behind. When the car came to a stop about ten feet in front of the man, Danny, a dark skinned Puerto Rican, popped his head out of the window, saying “Excuse me” and waving his arm to get the man’s attention. Without warning and in one motion, the man jumped, screamed hysterically, then turned and ran as fast as he could in the opposite direction. It looked like we were watching a cartoon. 
We must have laughed about that incident for over an hour, especially the way he seemed to jump, scream and turn around in one motion. This was more like the reaction we’d expect up north. After that, we didn’t bother trying to ask anyone else for directions. It was safer, and saner, to buy a map instead. 
We spent the entire day at Walt Disney World, going on all the rides, then watching the fireworks and parade at night. The ride back to Daytona was pleasant, with all of us content and happy from our day at the amusement park. It was the first time at Disney for all of us.

23 - Where’s the Joint?
I used some of the student loan money to buy a car -- a red, 1971 AMC Javelin AMX. A very muscular muscle car, with wide racing wheels on the back. While everyone was in classes, I’d take the Javelin for drives around Daytona. At lunch time, I began hanging out at one of the hamburger joints on the beach. The restaurant had an outdoor seating area with a good view of the ocean, and the prices were reasonable. The seating area was usually half filled with bikers. I’d sit at one of the empty tables, watching the boats passing back and forth on the horizon. 
During the second week, a guy whom I’d seen once in a while at one of the other tables began striking up a conversation. He introduced himself as Andy, a native of Daytona Beach. Andy was in his mid-twenties, tall, on the skinny side with short black hair. We began sitting and eating together. Andy would tell me about Daytona during the summer months, when the beaches and hotels would be full of partying college age kids. He didn’t seem to have a job though. When pressed, he said he made enough money during the tourist season to carry him over for the rest of the year. When I asked what he did, all he would say was that he made people happy. 
With nothing else to do, Andy and I hung out together at the restaurant. Occasionally we’d go to the school to watch a show, after which I’d drop him off back at the restaurant.
One odd thing about Daytona Beach, which I had never seen in the New York area, is they let you drive your car on the beach. Andy, who said he couldn’t afford a car and didn’t have a driver’s license, wanted to drive the Javelin. The beach seemed like the perfect place to let him drive, since it was empty that time of year. We entered the beach from the north side, with me driving. Once the car was pointed south so that all he had to do was drive straight, we swapped places. As I began instructing him on the various parts of the car, he took out a joint and lit it. He offered me a drag, but even back then I was as much of a square as I am now. I passed on the joint. When he was ready, he placed the car into drive and slowly began driving down the beach. 
We didn’t get far.
He had driven about a hundred yards when out of nowhere four cop cars, two from the back and two from the front surrounded us. The sirens and lights must have come on when they were about ten feet away, because by the time we saw and heard them they were right on top of us. Andy had to slam on the brakes to avoid hitting the two in front. 
My first thought was that they were stopping us because of the way he was driving and they’d find out he didn’t have a license. I had been told the cops in Daytona were very strict about drivers following all of the driving rules on the beach. Driving without a license must be high on the list. 
Those thoughts quickly dissipated as I watched six police officers get out of the cars, draw their guns and point them in our direction. I think my heart actually skipped several beats, that’s how scared I was. With everything else I had been through while growing up, I had never been that scared.
The guns told me it was something a little more serious than driving without a license. Glancing at Andy out of the corner of my eye, I noticed the cigarette sized joint in his right hand and started thinking it’s a drug bust -- they’ve caught us with drugs. 
My heart was racing. We were really in deep trouble. Looking forward, the cops were walking towards us, both hands firmly gripping their guns and pointed in our direction. Glancing back at Andy, I saw he’d placed both hands on the steering wheel. Initially I felt relieved that he was doing the right thing, but then I did a double take. In the back of my mind, I had a nagging feeling that something didn’t look right. Then I remembered the joint. 
“Where’s the joint?” I asked him, very quietly.
“I threw it on the floor,” he whispered. I looked down between his legs but didn’t see anything.
“Where?” 
“Over there,” he responded pointing his head towards my side of the car. 
At this point I pictured myself in a jail cell, standing against the jail door with both arms on the bars, watching as an officer walked away with the keys.
As they slowly walked towards us with their guns still drawn, I looked down to try to find, stomp out and hide the joint. I stopped when four officers, maybe more opened the driver’s door and pulled Andy out. Another one of the officers was standing on my side of the car. As they were handcuffing Andy, the officer looked at me for a few seconds, holstered his gun, and then asked my name.
“Omar” 
“Do you know this guy?” he asked.
Not sure if this was a trick question, and what the right answer should be, I responded, “No.”
I was afraid that when he asked me to get out of the car, he would see the joint, or smell the smoke drifting up. Very nonchalantly, I looked down to try to find the joint. Having no luck, I looked up a moment later and my jaw dropped. All of the cops, including the one who was standing by my door, were moving away, taking Andy with his hands cuffed behind his back with them. 
A few seconds later they were climbing back into their cars. Within a few heartbeats, they were all gone, leaving me completely confused. At this point my heart, which had been beating so fast and hard that it was difficult to hear anything began slowing to just a fast beat, without the loud ‘thud, thud, thud’. 
I sat there dumbfounded. The entire incident took less than a minute. Still sitting in the passenger seat, I put my head down to go over the sequence of events, to figure out what just happened. It didn’t even faze me when I saw laying there, between my feet, the joint I was so concerned about. I bent down and grabbed the joint, which had burned itself down to half an inch, and threw it out the window. 
When I first drove onto the beach, I hadn’t notice any police cars. It was only after trading places with Andy, and after he had driven about fifty yards that I noticed two police cars. They were parked side by side on the beach close to the street. The other two police cars had come out of nowhere. 
Could he have been wanted for something a little more serious than driving without a license, or smoking a joint? Were they following us, and if so, for how long? 
There were one or two times when I thought someone was following us, but with only one main road in the town, it’s not something out of the ordinary. Unable to figure out what happened, and very happy that I wasn’t in the back of a police car in handcuffs or worse, lying in the ocean with my throat slit, I headed back to the dorm room. 
The next day I went to the restaurant where I usually saw him, but there was no sign of him there, or anywhere on the main streets. I waited another day to see if he’d show up, but nothing. There was also no mention about the incident in any of the local newspapers. 
On the third day after the incident, I called the police station. Without knowing his full name whoever answered the phone had no idea who or what I was talking about, and instructed me to go to the station. There was absolutely no chance in hell I was going anywhere near that police station. 
Thinking back on it, I never managed to get any personal information out of Andy. The guys kept telling me I should consider myself lucky, that I was either going to get robbed or something worse. About two weeks after the incident, one of the workers at the restaurant heard that Andy had pled guilty to drug dealing and would be gone for several years. 
24 - Road Trip!
About a month and a half after arriving at Daytona Beach I began running low on money. When I left the bottling factory, Crown Cork and Seal just before heading for Florida, they still owed me a paycheck for the last two weeks of work. My mother was supposed to pick up the check. On the off-chance that she hadn’t picked it up yet, I called CC&S. The check was still there. I told them not to give it to anyone, that I would pick it up myself. Danny offered to make the ride with me. He didn’t have a license, so I’d have to do all the driving, but it would give him a chance to see his family in Coney Island.
A few days before we were scheduled to head north, the Javelin began having mechanical problems. The gas gauge, which shows how much gasoline is in the tank, stopped working. By itself, not too much of an issue, but a few times a week the car would hesitate when stopping and going. A local mechanic said the carburetor -- the part which controls how much gasoline goes into the engine, was clogged and needed to be cleaned out. Since we wouldn't be doing much stopping, I decided to wait till we got back to fix the carburetor. Fixing the gas gauge was a major job, so I used the mileage to track when to fill up. They were minor issues that could wait till we got back. 
We left 6 o’clock a.m. the next morning. We decided to drive straight through, only stopping for gas and food. Speeding along interstate 95 at a very aggressive speed, we got stopped twice for speeding before making it out of Florida. The second stop was just a couple of miles from the border, and I was very tempted to try outrunning the police car, but thought better of it. We got pulled over a third time for speeding, this time in Georgia. After that I slowed down, staying with the flow of traffic, about ten miles above the speed limit. Stopping every few hundred miles to get gas slowed us down a little bit, but not much. 
Eighteen hours later we were at Crown Cork and Seal in North Bergen, picking up my paycheck. Two hours later we were in Coney Island. While at Coney Island we visited Danny’s brothers, who worked in the parking lot for the amusement park. We spent the day there visiting his family and friends, and then spent the night at his mother’s apartment. The next morning, we were back in the car headed back down to Daytona Beach. 
The ride back to Daytona was completely different than the ride coming up. We found out the heat wasn’t working in the Javelin. In Daytona Beach it didn’t matter, since it never got cold enough to need heat. Mid November in the Northeast is a different story. Not only was there no heat, the vents were stuck in the open position. We tried just about everything but couldn’t stop the cold air from coming through the vents, aside from stopping the car. When the car moved a cold draft of air came through the vents, and would get stronger as the speed increased. I don’t recall if the weather changed that much from the time we arrived to the time we left the New York area, but during the drive to New York, neither one of us froze the way we did on the drive back. Poor Danny had it much worse. Every once in a while he’d nod off. As his body temperature dropped, as normally happens when sleeping, his body would begin shaking from the cold. A few minutes later he’d wake up colder than before, shivering from head to toe.
With only six hours of sleep over the last two days, Danny and I began feeling tired an hour after starting the drive back to Florida. Altogether, aside from the two hundred mile gas stops, we stopped three times during the drive back down to Florida. Once to get some feeling back in our hands and feet and to get a catnap, but about a quarter of the way from Daytona, the car stalled and wouldn’t start up again. 
The car stalled on a very busy section of Interstate 95, at one of the busier toll collection stops, about twenty feet away from a toll booth. Drivers behind us kept beeping their car horns. The toll booth attendant wasn’t happy either, since the dividers between booths left no room for cars to get back into line ahead of us. The attendant yelled at us a few times to move the car. Danny and I just threw our hands up, telling him the car had died and we needed a tow. 
Both of us were actually having a good time of it. Neither one of us was in any hurry. This gave us an opportunity to stretch our legs and to get warm. The breakdown, unhappy motorists, and very pissed off toll booth attendant made for a nice change in the long monotonous drive. Each time someone beeped their horn at us we put our thumbs up asking them if they wanted to give us a ride. Each time the attendant said anything we pointed to the car with both arms, and then lifted them up, giving him the universal sign of futility. Then we asked him to help us push it to the side, which given the amount of traffic, was an impossible feat. 
It didn’t help that the two of us were laughing the entire time. Whenever an eighteen wheeler was in the lane next to us we joked with the driver -- asking loud enough for the attendant to hear, if there was enough room in the trailer for the car. Each time a driver answered no, we looked at the attendant and put our hands up, looking like we were trying to be helpful, but getting nowhere. He’d give us another dirty look, and the two of us laughed uncontrollably. 
Due to the amount of traffic, and other stranded motorists, it was two hours before a tow truck finally showed up. The driver had the same problem as everyone else -- not enough room to get in front of us to hitch the car for a tow. Since we were in the middle of a long row of toll booths, pushing us to the side wasn’t practical either, especially with the amount of traffic. The best option was to try getting the car working again. We told him about the carburetor, how it needed to be cleaned and was causing the car to hesitate. He went to his truck and came back with a spray can, filled with some type of engine cleaner. Five minutes later, with about half of the cleaner gone into the carburetor, the car started up. 
We gave the tow truck driver a generous tip then drove the twenty feet to the toll booth. We irritated the attendant some more by asking how much the toll was and then digging through our pockets to find the right amount. We were back on the road, and getting colder by the minute as the car accelerated. 
When we were about an hour away from Daytona, the air coming through the vents began getting warmer. Immediately after that, I discovered hitting the re-circulate button stops the air draft.
We reached the campus about 7 o’clock in the morning. The two of us left everything in the car and dragged ourselves to our beds -- our warm, comfortable beds. Danny and I spent the next two days catching up on sleep. On the third day, we tried fixing the clogged carburetor. Somehow things didn’t go as planned. We cleaned out the carburetor with a cleaning kit from the auto parts store. The first attempt to start the car caused a load boom, with fire shooting out of the engine. 
The one hundred dollars I tried to save by fixing the car myself now turned into an expensive engine repair. Not having the kind of money needed to fix the car, it stayed parked in the student parking lot. It was back to walking.
About a week after the trip up north, I came across an Arab student on the campus ground. 
“Are you the Arab who doesn’t speak Arabic?” he asked me. 
Embry Riddle had a large number of Arab students who came from the Middle East. All of them spoke perfect Arabic, but broken English. As for me on the other hand, I spoke English quite well, but hardly any Arabic. I wondered how many students he must have asked before stumbling into me and how many thought there was something wrong with him for asking what seemed like a silly question. 
“Could be,” I replied.
“Is your name Omar”
“Yes.”
“The Dean has been looking for you for almost a week. Your parents are trying to reach you.”
I didn’t bother going to see the dean, since I knew what he wanted. My parents found out I was in the area. Not sure if they called Crown Cork and Seal and were told I picked up the check, or if someone saw me driving through town. They called the school looking for me and since I haven’t been to any classes, the school didn’t have much luck finding me. 
Somewhere during the conversation between the dean and my parents a way to describe me must have come up. Short dark hair, big nose, olive skin would pretty much describe every Arab at the school and wouldn’t have been helpful to the dean. An Arab who doesn’t speak Arabic on the other hand, must have sounded like a pretty good description to give out to a search party. I guess it was, since it worked. 
With money running low again, and no car, I decided to join the Air Force. I figured this would give me experience fixing planes, and improve my chances of getting a job with the airlines. I phoned home about two days after getting the message from the Arab search party. My mother was very upset. I think she was more upset that I picked up my paycheck rather than not stopping by to visit, or dropping out of school. If I had my mind set on the Air Force, she wanted me to go visit them first, then join up there. 
The wheels on the car were brand new, and worth more than what I was selling the car for, but I sold the car to a student at school getting enough money for a one way plane ride to New Jersey. Nine days after getting back from the drive north, and two months after coming to Daytona Beach, I was on a plane headed back to the North East. It was a sad day. 

25 - Back in New Jersey
I was back in North Bergen, in the same run down house on the side of the busy highway. My father wouldn’t talk to me, and I was fine with not speaking to him either. After all those years accusing me of lying, and then beating me -- even when I was telling the truth, he felt hurt when I really did lie about going to school. 
The following week I went to an Air Force recruiter to enlist, but it wasn’t to be. As part of the questionnaire, they asked about outstanding tickets and warrants. I mentioned the three speeding tickets from Florida and Georgia. The recruiter told me to come back after I paid the tickets.
Eventually the tickets were paid, but in the meantime I received a notice from Aviation High School. Since I had graduated in the top fifty they were inviting me to go back for another year to get trained for a second mechanics license. 
In order to work on airplanes, a mechanic must have an airframe license to work on the body, or a power plant license to work on the engines. Most airlines wouldn’t hire a mechanic without both licenses. During the junior year at Aviation we were asked to pick a path, either the airframe or the power plant license and I had chosen the power plant mechanics license. I gladly accepted the invitation to go back for the airframe license. Paul and Danny received the same invitation, and both left Embry Riddle at the end of the first year and came back to New York to get their airframe licenses.
Joining the Air Force was quickly dropped and forgotten about. I had several months before school started and began looking for a job. One of the people my father knew from the mosque was an accountant who worked for Madison Square Garden. He got me a job at the Garden as a janitor.
At the time, I didn’t know anything about, nor did I have much interest in, concerts or sporting events. For me, a job at the Garden was no different than a job at any other place. My shift was the graveyard shift, from 11 o’clock night to 8 o’clock in the morning, Tuesday to Saturday. The work was simple enough, a little too simple in fact. 
There were about fifteen of us on that shift. Our job was to sweep the hallways and auditorium, clean the bathrooms and collect all the garbage. The first week there I upset the others on the shift. The idea -- they told me, was to stretch out your assigned work over the eight hour period. I was finishing my assigned area in a few hours and asking for more work, which didn’t sit well with the others. Being a short timer, and not wanting to upset anyone, I began working at their pace.
Once in a while I’d show up for work to find a concert or other sporting event still in progress. Back then it never occurred to me to watch the end of a show or to come in early, or on my day off to watch a show. On the days a show was running late, I’d wait in the locker room until everyone was gone and the doors were locked. 
On some occasions I’d run into a religious group on Sunday morning. Some high profile minister would be scheduled for a morning taping and crowds of their supporters would be streaming in, wearing their Sunday best. It was a very uncomfortable situation because I wanted to avoid touching anyone and getting their clothes dirty, but there were so many of them it was almost impossible to pass anyone without bumping into dozens of people.
I quit the job at the Garden in September of 1980 and started classes the next day at Aviation. It was back to commuting by bus and train, leaving the house at six in the morning and getting back home at six in the evening. On weekends I worked at a grocery store in Livingston, New Jersey, owned by one of my fathers’ cousins. They lived a few blocks away from us, so each morning I’d walk over to their house and ride to work with them. This also meant I had to stay till closing -- fifteen hours later, to get a ride back home.
I didn’t care for that job very much. Newark it turns out has a good section, a somewhat bad section, and a really bad section. This store was in the really bad section. We sold a lot of malt liquor, beer and cigarettes. Usually I worked on the register but they’d send me to the meat department when they were shorthanded. Back there I learned the secret to making ground meat look presentable-- when putting the meat into the grinder we would add blood, giving the meat a fresh, red color.
I also learned the secret to coupons. Coupons usually came in on Saturday, a day before the newspaper. We would take all of the circulars and cut out the coupons. This way the store would collect the face value of the coupon from the manufacturer, without giving a customer the benefit of the coupon. 
Another thing I learned was the value of food stamps. Low income people who were eligible to receive food stamps were only allowed to buy certain healthy foods. This was a way for the government agencies to prevent their use for alcohol, cigarettes or unhealthy food items. Some people wanted to buy beer or cigarettes, items that couldn’t be purchased with food stamps. For those people, the manager would buy the food stamps for fifty or seventy five cents on the dollar, and get full value for them when turned in to the government. It was amazing how much profit was being made before anything was actually sold.
This routine lasted for ten months. In July, at the end of the school year, I graduated with my second airplane mechanics license. The defense contractors were back recruiting more graduates to work in their factories in California. Danny and Paul accepted positions with Lockheed, but I figured I’d try my luck with the airlines.
Unfortunately, a few weeks later in August of 1981, the air traffic controllers went on strike. Refusing to negotiate with the strikers, who were barred from striking by law, President Reagan fired anyone who refused to cross the picket lines. Most of the controllers lost their jobs.
Without enough supervisory personnel to fill in at the control towers, the FAA began cancelling flights. The number of planes in the air went way down. Just after graduating with my second mechanics license, the airlines began to lay off workers, including mechanics. Relief wouldn’t come for at least six months, when the first round of new hires was trained.


26 - Jordan Revisited
For a second time, my parents decided to go back to Jordan, but this time for health reasons. I guess being in that old house and spending so much time in the dingy basement wasn’t very healthy after all. My father developed a serious case of asthma. At first, he would get an occasional attack, which would go away fairly quickly. The doctor gave him an inhaler which seemed to work but over time though the attacks began to worsen, until he wound up in the hospital intensive care unit, at death’s door. 
He was in the hospital for a week. When they released him, the doctor told him he needed to move to a dry climate, such as Arizona. Instead he chose Jordan. Since I had finished school and had no job yet, I agreed to go with them. Maybe the job prospects would be better in Jordan for a mechanic. My parents “knew people” who could help out.
My father put the house up for sale and set the price low enough that within a week someone made an acceptable offer. He left my mother to complete the sale, and flew back to Jordan alone to find housing for the family.
Three weeks later we were in Jordan and even though I had been there only four years earlier, Jordan was a new country. Highways, commercial buildings, hotels and houses were all over the place. Areas which were desert just a few years prior were fully developed, or in the process of being developed. Towns northeast of Amman were made up of high end luxury homes, built with expensive stone, marble tiles, porcelain toilets, bidets and sinks. Furniture and appliances in these houses were imported from the United States and Europe, while handmade carpets for the living and family rooms were imported from Egypt. 
No matter how much progress had been made, some things didn’t change one bit. Scattered throughout the city and the suburbs -- in the middle of an empty lot here and there, would be a large tent, some camels, sheep and a Bedouin family. The scene looked like something out of the middle ages. In the desert itself, there were still thousands of Bedouins who chose to continue living the way of their ancestors.   
Towns to the west of Amman, those closest to Israel, were the ghettos. Houses there were made of basically whatever was cheap and easy to get -- stucco, cinder blocks, mud. This is where my parents moved to. 
On this trip to Jordan, I noticed many things which I hadn’t noticed before, or just ignored. Some things I knew, such as when greeting each other -- men kiss men on the cheek, a peck on each side while shaking hands. Women do the same, kissing each other on the cheek. Women don’t kiss men, and until recently, never shook hands with men.
A custom which caught me by surprise was men holding hands. The first time I noticed this was among a group of teenagers walking down the street. They were holding hands the way lovers did. Over the next few days, I’d see much more of this, grown men holding each other’s hands while they sat talking, little boys holding hands while they played, male college students with arms interlocked as they walked to school. 
The oddest sight was soldiers, in bell bottomed uniforms, holding hands as they walked. These were grown men who looked like some of the undernourished female models. They’d kiss as they greeted each other and then walk away holding hands, like a couple of gay lovers. My first thought was no wonder the Arab countries were in trouble, they’re all gay. 
On my third day in Jordan one of my uncles, wanting to spend time with me, made a grab for my hand. Instinctively, I jerked my hand back. 
“What’s the matter with you? Give me your hand, I want to talk to you,” he said, confused by my reaction.
“No,” I said nervously.
“Come on, let’s go for a walk,” he responded.
Then he grabbed my arm by force and interlocking it with his, so that I had no choice but to go along. I figured we must have looked like a newly married couple walking arm in arm and for the first few minutes, I walked along with him prepared for a fight, thinking he’d take me somewhere secluded. As we walked along, he began talking about my father and grandfather and how they were well respected men within the Jalud clan. It took about ten minutes or so for me to realize the hand holding and walking arm in arm was a custom, a show of genuine affection and nothing more. 
They weren’t gay, at least not openly, and realizing that, I became a bit more relaxed. The custom didn’t seem natural though. I continued to have misgivings about it and tried to avoid holding another man’s hand whenever possible. 

27 - Social Networking: Meals
In Jordan, there are two things which I noticed couldn’t be taken lightly. The first was paying your respects to elders and family patriarchs. On the part of those paying their respects, this entailed visiting the person -- nothing more and nothing less. On the part of the person being visited, food was to be offered to all those who came to pay their respects. To not offer food, or to refuse it when offered where both regarded as serious social infractions.  
Each day, during the first week in Amman, people would come to pay their respects to my father. His father, my grandfather, had been a well-known patriarch and it seemed that -- earned or not, my father had taken over that role. They’d start arriving around three in the afternoon. The women would go off to one room, while the men gathered in the living room and my mother and sisters would spend pretty much the entire day in the kitchen. 
Meals are a very important form of social interaction for Arabs. Breakfast, with those in the household, and dinner, with everyone present in the house at the time, are major meals. Lunch is usually taken at work or in school, so it’s not usually very extravagant.
At breakfast and dinner time, the televisions and radios are turned off. These meals are very formal, with everyone in the house present. The meals are either at the table, if there is enough room for everyone, or spread out on the floor, with everyone sitting in a large circle. 
When we lived in Astoria, my mother used to bake her own bread. It was like having our very own bakery and the entire apartment would always smell wonderful. She used to make pita bread, each loaf about the size of a Frisbee. In Jordan, pita bread was equivalent to white bread in the United States, except that most times we’d get it steaming hot out of the oven.   
Breakfast started early in the morning and always included hot hummus, fresh falafel, fava bean dip and other dips, fresh pita bread and an assortment of other dishes. The hummus and falafel were usually bought from small specialty shops, which were as common as hot dog vendors in New York. A couple of the girls, or younger boys would take a few large serving plates to the shops where the vendors spread out the hummus, baba ganoush, and ful mudammas -- a fava bean dip, onto plates and garnish them with olive oil, lemon juice and parsley. The bread came steaming hot from a local bakery, which are as common in Jordan as pizzerias are in New York City. 
Everything was timed to be served hot at the same time. The most common main dish was eggs, alone or with beef, lamb or liver. On the side there were several types of pickled peppers and vegetables, olives, olive oil and a sesame seed mixture for dipping bread, while tea boiled with the right amount of sugar, was always served with breakfast.
One thing I learned early when staying with relatives, was that you never refused when invited to eat with them. There was no snacking in between meals. If you didn’t eat when everyone else ate, you’d go hungry until the next meal was served. I made that mistake once, the very first time I slept away from home, and went hungry for half the day.
That mistake happened when I slept over my cousin’s house in North Bergen. When asked to join them for breakfast I was too embarrassed to sit with my aunt and uncle, and told them I wasn’t hungry. My uncle was the one who told me to never be ashamed to eat when invited, especially if you’re hungry, because you will go hungry waiting for the next meal. Sure enough, I starved that morning until it was time for lunch. From that day on, any time I was invited to join a meal, I always accepted. A habit I’ve kept to this day, and to the regret of some inviters.  
My mother and sisters would start preparing dinner almost right after lunch. With an unknown number of people coming to pay their respects, they would have to make enough food for ten to fifteen visitors. 
During the week, they made simple dinners. Rice was a staple food, included with every dinner. Some nights they’d make lamb and string beans in a tomato sauce served over rice. Other nights they’d make cabbage leaves stuffed with rice and small pieces of lamb. The outer leaves would be rolled with the rice and lamb mix, about the thickness and length of a cigar. They’d keep the middle leaves attached to the stem and fill them with the mix, about the same size and shape of a bell pepper. 
One of the most popular dishes was upside down rice, known as maglubah. This would be cooked in a large pot, with chicken thighs or lamb on the bottom covered with rice, eggplant and potatoes. When it’s ready to serve, the pot would be flipped upside down onto a large serving tray so the chicken or lamb would be on top. 
Another popular dish was mujaddara, rice cooked with lentils and sweet caramelized onions. This dish was also known as the poor man’s meal. For the poor, mujaddara was, and still is, a very nutritious, inexpensive meal. It’s become a very popular dish, commonly served with plain yogurt and broiled chicken thighs or lamb. 
On the weekends it was a different story. Dinner on the weekend was a big event, requiring enough food for fifteen to twenty guests and for these dinners the Arabic staple meal, mansaf, would be served. 
Mansaf is a Bedouin dish. It is a favorite among Palestinian and Jordanian people, and the national dish of Jordan. It begins with lamb seasoned with various spices, then cooked in a yogurt sauce. Flat Arabian bread is then placed on the bottom of a large round tray, covering the entire tray. A mountain of white or yellow rice is first heaped on top of the bread. The lamb and yogurt sauce are then poured over the rice -- all of this is topped with fried almonds or pine-kernels or both. Bowls of lamb and yogurt sauce are then place all around the tray, to replenish what’s on the tray as needed.
There are two things to know about eating mansaf. You must wash your hands before eating, and you must eat with your right hand only. Mansaf is eaten by hand, no utensils. The lamb is soft enough to break into pieces with one hand. The rice is moist enough from the yogurt sauce to work into a ball using one hand. Two or three trays of mansaf would be served, with five to ten men at each tray. Additional trays would be served inside for the women. As with most social events with different families coming together men and women would always remain separate.   
As a left handed person, eating with my right hand had always been a challenge. Even my father, who beat me every time he’d catch me using my left hand for eating or writing, couldn’t break me of that trait. After a few failed attempts, I gave up trying to eat mansaf by hand and asked for utensils from then on. Everyone else, young and old alike would be huddled around one of the trays, eating rice and lamb by hand.
Tea and dessert were served afterwards. My favorite dessert was usually served on these occasions, a dish called kanafeh. Jerusalem kanafeh, the type our families made, is a neon orange pastry with a crust of shredded phyllo dough filled with soft goat cheese, and then drenched in syrup made from water and sugar. Many years later, I would get Rania to give me the recipe for kanafeh, using a mixture of ricotta and mozzarella, instead of goat cheese. It’s very popular during Ramadan and other occasions where large numbers of people would be attending.
Arabian coffee, known as Saudi coffee, would be served last. This was served in small portions, just enough to cover the bottom of small thimble-shaped cups. The youngest male in the room usually served this coffee using two or three cups, which are handed out from one person to the next -- starting from the most revered guest. 
These meals were my favorite part of Jordan. Food -- good food and dessert, have always been my Achilles Heel.    

28 - Shopping in Jordan
While in Jordan, my mother wanted to find me a bride. I wasn’t ready to get married, but agreed to go along in order to keep the peace, and out of curiosity. What would it be like to go shopping for a bride?
The custom for those who want to get married in the Middle East is an arranged marriage. In the old days, some marriages used to be arranged at or before birth when two families would pledge their kids to each other. Those types of marriages happened less and less often. 
During our visit, most marriages were still being arranged by the parents when the potential bride was in her early teens. The groom usually had a say in the matter, but the girl -- the potential bride, almost never did, especially in poorer families. 
Some marriages were purely a financial transaction, the sale of the girl to the highest bidder. If the male or his family offered enough money or items of value to the girls’ family, the marriage proposal would be accepted. In the Middle East, it is the males’ family who pays the cost of the wedding. It wasn’t uncommon to see a thirteen, fourteen or fifteen year old girl being married off to a forty, fifty year old man either as a second, third or fourth wife -- or to replace a first wife who had died, or left in a divorce. The man might even have children older than the new bride. 
Over the course of several weeks we went to see dozens of families and their daughters. The girls ranged in age from thirteen all the way up to the mid-twenties. Some were very pretty. Others were simply too young to even consider, causing me to have nothing but contempt for their family for doing this to the poor girl. 
With some, it was impossible to tell anything about the girls, as they were covered from head to toe, with only their eyes showing. With these women, you’d be marrying on blind faith, since you couldn’t see or talk to them beforehand.
Most of these events were quiet after dinner events. The girl we were there to inspect would usually serve tea. She would come out after everyone was settled with a tray holding several cups. The father would introduce her and then invite everyone to grab a cup. If the families were close, the girl would stay in the room and take a seat across from us, otherwise, she would put the tray on the table and leave -- providing just a one minute window to view the potential bride. 
Most of the parents knew we were there looking for a bride, and would have their daughter sit in the same room regardless of how close the families were. A few visits were passed off as informal dinner visits. Someone heard something about a certain girl and told someone else and so on. So as not to offend anyone, this was done on the sly, without the family knowing the true nature of the visit. For those visits, the girls may or may not be seen, and if seen, was only for a few minutes when food or tea was served. This would avoid offending the family. Arrangements would be worked out later between the two families for a formal viewing if the short glimpse of the girl was enough to spark any interest.      
Three weeks later, after viewing over two dozen girls my mother stopped these shopping trips when she got the hint that I wasn’t interested in an arranged marriage. Once in a while though, we’d go see a family just for a dinner visit and find the family trying to marry off their daughter. They’d allow the daughter to be seen much more than normally appropriate. 
After my parents struck out shopping for a bride, they took me shopping for a job. They had a few relatives who worked for the government, and one of them arranged for a job interview at the Jordanian Air Force Academy. The Air Force was looking for instructors to teach aircraft maintenance. Since all of their planes were bought overseas, and the manuals were in English they wanted someone to teach in English.
The initial interview went well and I was then asked to give a one hour class for the second part of the interview. I guess they were happy with both and they offered me the job. Initially, I was very excited and thought this might be a good opportunity. That was until they told me what the job paid, three hundred Jordanian dinars, which equaled about six hundred US dollars at the time -- per month. 
Two months after arriving in Jordan, I was on a plane back to New Jersey, and moving back in with Rania. 

29 - Heading out West
Back in North Bergen I started working at a grocery store in the Spanish Harlem section of Manhattan, owned by some of my father’s cousins -- four brothers, all in their mid-thirties. They were the same brothers who owned the grocery stores I’d worked at previously in downtown Manhattan and in Newark. One of them, Hamid, moved out to Cleveland and bought a grocery store in the poorest section of town. 
With no prospects in New Jersey for an airplane mechanic, I figured California was the place to go. Most of the defense contractors, including the ones who hired my classmates, were there. My goal was to save up enough money to drive out to California. About three months after getting back from Jordan, I had enough money to buy a cheap used car. Yusef, who had appeared out of nowhere and was staying with Rania as well, talked me into buying a used, custom van with a bed in the back. 
With most of my money spent on the van, I decided to go to Cleveland and work there until I could save enough to get to California. Hamid was ecstatic when I asked him for a job. He lived in Cleveland with his wife and three kids, and they missed not having others around from the old neighborhood. He offered to let me stay in a spare bedroom while I was there, allowing me to save whatever I made for the trip west. 
Cleveland wasn’t anything to brag about. The supermarket, called Associated Groceries, was in the poorest section of town. Most of the customers hated everyone who worked at the store, mainly because everything was so overpriced. Hamid didn’t like the customers either. His claim that he jacked the prices to cover theft was only half true. 
Customers were stealing. In fact, we caught one guy with more than fifty dollars’ worth of steaks stuffed under his jacket and in his pants. One of the most common methods was usually performed by two males, usually in their late teens or early twenties. They would stand alongside the meat case, with one being the lookout while the other shoved steaks into the back of the lookouts pants. Nobody wanted to touch those steaks if the two were caught. 
During my first week at the cash register I found out just how far they’d go. There was one woman, who looked like she was about eight or nine months pregnant, at the register with a quart of milk to ring up. Without warning and startling me, Hamid came up behind her and lifting her clothes up delivered several large cuts of meat. Instead of getting red faced or embarrassed for getting caught stealing, she started smacking Hamid on the head and shoulders while yelling at him for touching her. 
Hamid just laughed and jokingly said to her, “You have to do better next time, this was too easy.”
“Do you still want the meat and milk?” he asked her.
“Not after what you just did.” She answered back with an annoyed attitude as she slowly walked out of the store. 
Hamid never called the police. He either told them to try harder if they were regulars, or never to come back if no one knew the culprit. But the main reason Hamid jacked up the prices was that his store was the only grocery store for miles around. Customers had nowhere else to go, and everyone knew it.
My stay with Hamid and his family was very pleasant. His family reminded me of the television shows ‘Father Knows Best’ and ‘Leave it to Beaver’. 
His wife, Najwa behaved and acted like the wives on those shows down to wearing a dress seven days a week. In the morning, as Hamid and I were getting ready for work she would be in the kitchen, in a long flowing dress with her hair all made up making us breakfast. 
They had two boys who were ten and twelve years old, and a girl who was seven. The kids were as well behaved as the ones on television. When asked something, they would respond with either “yes, please” or “no, thank you” and when they wanted something, they’d start off with “May I….” 
Although there wasn’t much time for anything else aside from work and sleep, I enjoyed my stay with them immensely. Six days a week Hamid and I would leave the house about six in the morning and get back home about eight at night. On the seventh day, Sunday, the lead cashier opened and closed the store. Sunday was spent doing things with the kids, like going to Chuck-e Cheese, going to amusement parks and doing other things the kids wanted to do. 
One time they went roller skating and asked if I’d like to go along. Initially I turned them down, telling them I’d never roller skated before, but the youngest, Amal talked me into going by offering to look out for me. 
At the staking rink, Amal helped me rent a pair of skates and get them on and then held my hand as we made our way to the rink itself. While everyone else skated around us, Amal kept hold of my hand as we slowly made our way around the circle. When I fell, which I did several times Amal would give me both of her hands to help get me back on my feet. She was truly an amazing seven year old child.  
Half of the money I earned at the supermarket ended up going to fix the van. The front end needed work, and the van needed new tires. Some more money had to go into the engine and transmission to make sure the van could make the three day drive to California.
My stopover in Cleveland lasted almost six months. Three months longer than I had planned, partly because of money, but also because leaving Cleveland was difficult for me. Although I didn’t like the town, it was hard to leave such a warm and loving family. I left early, on a Sunday morning after breakfast. The kids helped me pack up the van and wished me a safe trip. 
Looking in the rearview mirror as I drove away, I could see the three kids standing there waving goodbye. They were just as sad to see me go as I was to be leaving. Unfortunately, the isolation of living in Cleveland would get the better of the Hamid family. They left Cleveland about a year later, moving to Rochester, NY, where they had other family.
My time in Cleveland was the first time I had seen firsthand what a family was supposed to be like. It was a family that did things together, and where all of the kids were treated equally and lovingly. It was a family where the kids were happy, and said “please” and “thank you,” not because they were forced to but because they were raised properly. Hamid and his wife were raising kids by doing what was best for the children. They were doing everything possible to ensure their children grew up prepared for the future. They weren’t raising kids for the sole purpose of free labor or to have someone to take care of them as they got old. It was an eye-opening experience. 

30 - California and Life in the Valley
From Cleveland it took me three days to reach Van Nuys, California. Using a road map of California, I made my way to Danny’s apartment. It was about six in the evening when I reached his apartment and rang his doorbell. 
Before Danny opened the door, I heard him asking who was there. Once he knew it was me, he opened the door just enough for me to squeeze through. Danny lived alone in a small ground floor apartment, but when he let me in, I saw two other males in the apartment with him.
Once inside the apartment Danny and I hugged, but he didn’t make any introductions. He asked me to sit down while he finished some business. It turned out that Danny was in the middle of a drug transaction. As a side job to earn a little extra money, Danny was selling cocaine 
The other two males in the apartment were there to buy some. One of them had a line of coke on the table, which he resumed sniffing once I sat down. They asked if I wanted to try some, but I said ‘no, thank you’. I had never done cocaine before and wasn’t about to start. The two visitors left a few minutes later, after finishing the line of coke and the transaction they had been working on when I interrupted them.  
After the two men left, Danny and I talked about selling cocaine. It was easy money he explained, with people practically throwing money at you in order to get a little cocaine. At the time, he was making a few hundred dollars a week and he wanted me to sell cocaine with him. With me putting a few hours during the day, and both of us selling at night, he figured we’d easily take in over a thousand a week.
After the beach incident in Daytona, the last thing I wanted to do was to get involved with illegal drugs. I told Danny about the incident with Andy and how I felt about selling or using drugs, that no matter how good the money was it just wasn’t the kind of thing the two of us should get into. Danny seemed to agree, never having given much thought to the consequences of getting caught, especially since his job with Northrop -- a military aircraft builder, required obtaining security clearance which, he’d lose if arrested for selling cocaine.    
With the cocaine incident behind us I moved in with Danny. Since it was a small apartment he gave me the couch to sleep on. At the moment Danny didn’t have a girlfriend so he was able to spend time after work showing me the area.  
Los Angeles and the San Fernando Valley, where Van Nuys was located, were much different than the New York area. They weren’t anything like Florida either and walking down the streets was quite a different experience. Rather than the smiles we got in Florida, or the mean looks in New York we’d get nervous stares. 
A short, muscular, dark skinned Puerto Rican -- Danny, two Asians -- Paul and his roommate, Harry and a dark skinned Arab who could have passed for a Latino -- me, didn’t fit in with the typical Valley crowd. We looked more like the hired help rather than residents. Walking peacefully along the sidewalk may have seemed like a harmless activity, but it sure frightened any police officers we came across. 
If we came up on them from behind they’d jump in surprise, grabbing their guns as they turned to face us. If we were walking towards each other, each officer would put his hand on his gun until we were a safe distance away. Rather than smiles, like those we received from the people in Florida, the officers would either growl or give us dirty looks. They’d glance at us with a defensive look, as though they thought we’d attack them any second and so they needed to be prepared. 
About two weeks after arriving in California, I got pulled over driving on one of the main roads in Los Angeles. In the van with me were Danny, Paul and Harry. We weren’t speeding or doing anything wrong -- aside from looking out of place in an older, home customized Chevy van while almost everyone else in the area was driving high end luxury vehicles. 
There were two police officers in the car that pulled us over. One came up on my side while the other walked along the passenger side. After asking for my license and paperwork, and seeing I was from New Jersey, the officer started asking how long I had been in California. In New Jersey, I knew they only gave you about ten days to apply for a new driver’s license if you moved there from another state. Thinking they had something similar in California, I told him I just got there two days ago.
In the meantime, Danny started talking.
“Excuse me, can you tell me what the problem is?” he asked the officer standing beside me, in a very calm and collected manner.
“Just keep your mouth shut,” the one standing by his door answered back.
“What did I do wrong?” I asked the officer on my side of the van.
Up to this point, they had only seen Danny and me. The back windows were all tinted so, unless you had your eyes up close, you couldn’t see anything. When Paul repeated what I had just asked, the two officers panicked. 
The officer standing beside me commanded, “All of you step out of the van!” while both of them took a step back and put their hands on their guns. 
“Why? We didn’t do anything wrong,” Danny responded.
The one next to Danny pulled out his gun and told us to get out of the van and to stand on the sidewalk. As if things weren’t bad enough, a second police car with two more officers pulled up. After telling the arriving officers to guard us, the first two began searching the van not bothering to ask if it was okay. Danny, the consummate lawyer couldn’t keep quiet.
“Excuse me,” he started politely, as if it would matter, considering what he was about to say next, “Do you have a search warrant?” 
“Excuse me?!?!” said one of them. It was more as a statement rather than a question and he seemed genuinely surprised that someone had the nerve to ask that question.
“I said, do you have a warrant to do what you’re doing?” Danny asked slowly and innocently, as though speaking to a child, not catching the tone of the officer.
“Are you a lawyer?” asked one of them.
“No, but I know my rights.”
The first officer yelled out to Danny, “Okay, put your hands up against the van and spread your legs.”
“Why? I didn’t do anything wrong,” he started answering as the officer pushed him up against the van. The officer frisked him while another took out his gun and pointed it at Danny. When he was done frisking Danny, he handcuffed his hands behind his back. 
“Why are you arresting him?” I asked
His partner yelled, “Just keep your mouth shut or you’re next.”
Seeing what they were doing to Danny, and considering myself a little bit smarter than him, I kept my mouth shut. Danny, on the other hand, couldn’t keep his mouth shut. 
“This is bullshit, I didn’t do anything wrong,” he yelled out as they started walking him towards their police car. 
“Why am I under arrest? I want to see my lawyer,” were the last words we heard out of Danny as they put him in the back seat of the squad car and closed the door. 
With Danny safely locked up in the car, the first two officers resumed their search of the van.  While this was happening, Paul and the rest of us began asking the two new officers -- the ones now guarding us, what he was under arrest for. The only thing they said was to keep our mouths shut or we’d all be under arrest. While the others continued searching the van, our guards started asking questions. They wanted to know where we were going, where we came from, why were there so many of us in the van, and so on. They didn’t seem to believe that we were just sightseeing. 
They searched the van for about ten minutes, going back and forth from the front to the back several times. They appeared to be certain that drugs were somewhere to be found in the van. Once they gave up looking for the imaginary drugs they called the two officers guarding us over. The four of them held a little conference, all the while keeping their eyes on us. Having not found anything to charge us with, it seemed they were in a dilemma. 
The one who had my paperwork walked back to his car and picked up the radio. We stood there for another ten minutes -- no one talking or doing anything, until a third police car pulled up. This car was marked ‘Supervisor’ on the front and sides. The two original officers walked over to the Supervisor, gave him my papers then talked for a few minutes. When they were done talking the Supervisor and the one who took my papers walked over to where we stood, while his partner walked over to the police car holding Danny. He opened the rear door, let Danny out, and then removed the handcuffs. 
The supervisor handed me my paperwork. His story was that another van that looked like ours was recently spotted at the scene of a robbery and that was the reason why we were stopped. Since we weren’t the ones they were looking for, he said we were free to go. We knew he was lying. The chances of a personally customized van with distinctive artwork on the sides, and New Jersey plates to be mistaken for another van were actually very slim to non-existent. This wasn’t the type of custom van you’d see in California either, but rather an inexpensive do it yourself job. 
Danny wanted to complain to the supervisor, but we told him he better leave it alone or he’d end up spending a night in jail, or worse. We stood there and waited until all three cop cars drove away. 
Back in the van, Harry, Paul and I laughed about the entire incident. Danny, on the other hand, was fuming. We tried telling him it wasn’t like New York, where one could yell at the officers and file complaints without worrying about being abused or retribution, but he wasn’t having any of that. It took several hours before Danny finally calmed down and agreed to drop the incident.  
About ten months later I had a different type of run in with the police. The Los Angeles police department was hiring at the time and I decided to put in an application. The written exam was fairly easy, as was the physical test. The interview is what killed my chances. They rejected my application, saying I wanted the job just to collect a paycheck. Perhaps I was too honest during the interview, telling them I never thought about being a cop until I saw the help wanted signs. It never occurred to me back then that maybe my skin color was a little too dark, or my accent was a little too heavy. 
Many years later, after seeing all of the corruption, discrimination and abuse unfold on the news within the Los Angeles police department, I considered myself lucky for not getting the job. Corruption and discrimination were bad enough, but add an Arab into the mix and there was a strong potential to find one dead Arab. I pictured myself either getting framed by someone for refusing a bribe, or getting shot in the back by a fellow officer. A non-white police officer in Los Angeles was not a healthy occupation back in the 1980’s.  

31 - Chess and the Refinery
My main reason for moving to California, to get a job with the defense contractors flopped. Most of the defense contractors it turned out had their projects underway, with all of the labor they’d need already hired. For the first six months in California, I applied for jobs with the contractors in the area, but had no luck. If there were any openings, they wanted someone with experience. 
While Danny was working, I used to spend my time sightseeing. Sometimes I would take a bus and walk around Hollywood and the neighboring areas. Other times I’d walk around the Valley. Overall, I averaged about five or six hours of walking a day, five days a week.
During my seventh month in California, Danny and I moved into a larger apartment. It was still a one bedroom, but had a decent sized living room and kitchen. It was on the second floor of a large, four-story apartment complex with a decent sized gym and a community space with a pool.   
I began spending my time in the community area. At nine, my day would start by doing laps in the pool for about thirty minutes. Next I’d go up to the gym and lift weights for about ninety minutes. After showering, I’d put on a bathing suit, grab a book, and then sit and read in the large lounge seating area. About four in the afternoon, other tenants home from work would begin coming out to the seating area by the grills.  
During the second week at the complex, I began noticing two gentlemen who came out each night to play chess. Paul, Danny and I played chess several times a week, and I was getting quite good. The two men were playing a few feet from my lounge chair and we struck up a conversation. 
Ruben, an accountant and Bill, a commercial real estate salesman were both single and each night after work, would come out to barbeque and play chess. In fact, the entire community area came alive during the evening, with people coming out to swim, barbeque, or just hang out at one of the tables. 
Ruben and Bill invited me to join their chess matches, and were soon sorry they extended the invitation. I won almost every match. They were good sports about it and began including me in their barbeque. The three of us became good friends, spending almost every evening together while I was living there. 
About a month into our friendship, Ruben tried to get me a job. A friend of his worked at one of the oil refineries and agreed to help. In order to work at the refineries you needed to be a union member. Ruben told me to go down to the union office and fill out the union form so I would be classified as a special type of worker, one level above simple laborer. Once I was in the union, the next day Ruben’s friend would call down to the union office looking for that type of worker. The idea was that I would be the only one with that type of skill and would get the position. It would have worked if it wasn’t for the fact that I tended to speak what was on my mind -- without thinking it through. 
At the union office I asked the gentleman at the window for the union form. Ruben had given me specific instructions on how to fill out the application, and I followed his instructions. When the form was completed, I went back to the window and gave it to the gentleman who had given it to me. Satisfied that everything was in order, he gave me a union card. As I started to walk away, he said 7 o’clock each morning they’d announce the job postings and the jobs went to whoever got there first. Without thinking, I told him that it was ok, that I had a position already lined up. 
Basically, I killed my chances of getting that job by telling the union rep that the fix was in, and there was nothing Ruben or his friend could do for me after that. When his friend tried calling the next day, the union rep killed it, reprimanding him for trying to get around union rules.

32 - San Francisco and the Cult
During the week, Monday to Friday, it was pretty much the same routine. On weekends, Danny and I would have fun. We’d go to the beach, join Paul and the others for a few games of pool, or just go sightseeing. 
One weekend, Danny had plans to fly up to San Francisco to meet some friends for the weekend. At the last minute something came up at work and he wasn’t able to go. Since the ticket was non-refundable he asked if I wanted it. The flight left Saturday morning and returned Sunday night and with no job, no income and twenty dollars in my pocket, I thought about what I’d need for the trip. By that point in time, I had become quite an expert at stretching money and said yes, I’ll take the trip.
Saturday morning Danny dropped me off at the airport for the flight to San Francisco. Since it was just an overnight trip I didn’t bother packing anything and left empty handed, with the twenty dollars in my pocket. At San Francisco airport, I caught the train to downtown SF.
When I arrived in downtown San Francisco, from noon till nightfall, I walked through most of the downtown section. I was amazed by the architecture and the artwork for sale on the streets, and by midnight I had walked over twenty miles.
Seeing prostitutes walking back and forth and what looked like drug deals being made between cars, and gentlemen who came out of storefronts pretty much made it obvious I had walked into the shadier side of town. Signs on a few buildings advertising hotel room rentals by the hour and prostitutes walking in with their customers made it even more abundantly obvious. Walking around that area, I came across a hotel offering rooms for ten dollars a night. 
The building housing the hotel looked like a tenement building that should have been torn down long ago. It was a narrow two story building, surrounded by two larger buildings. Climbing the stairs and walking through the door brought me to the desk clerk, safely protected behind bullet proof glass. There were no forms to fill out or any register to sign. I handed him ten dollars, and he handed me the last room key he had left. 
My room was on the second floor. The first problem I came across was the door to my room. There really was no need for the desk clerk to give me a key. The door was unlocked. Stepping in and trying to close the door explained why. The door closed -- almost. Either the door or the frame was warped so the latch didn’t line up properly and the door wouldn’t close completely. The room was smaller than some closets. It had a twin bed and that was it. 
Upon entering the room, I found there was just enough room to swing the door open. The room was just wide enough to hold the bed and allow the door to open, while the length was a few inches longer than the bed. In order to close the door I had to step to the side. 
On the left was a small window that looked like it had never been cleaned -- the frame and glass were both covered in yellow stains so that there were only a few inches of glass that I could see through. Not that it mattered; the window looked out at the wall of the building next door. Just a foot away from the window was an exhaust fan protruding from the wall of the adjacent building, and the exhaust was obviously the source of the window stains. 
The bed had a thin mattress, covered by yellowed sheets and a blanket that looked like it hadn’t been washed or changed in a while. Having woken up earlier than usual in order to catch the flight to San Francisco, I was anxious to get some sleep. Within minutes of lying down on top of the sheet and blanket, I was sound asleep. It was eight in the morning when I woke up, in the same position, flat on my back.  
The bathroom wasn’t much better than the room. It was a communal bathroom, with three people waiting in line ahead of me. One of hotels customers must have had a meal the night before that didn’t agree with him. I tried holding my breath when my turn came. Twenty minutes later I was downstairs handing the clerk back the room key. 
My flight back to Los Angeles didn’t leave until 9 o’clock p.m. so I pretty much had all day to finish sightseeing. I spent five hours walking, enjoying more of the architecture and sidewalk artists. 
By 2 o’clock in the afternoon I found myself in a busy shopping district. On one of the corners I came across some type of religious group looking for new members. They had a booth setup on one side of the corner with two men, both skinny and white, with short dark hair. They looked like Jehovah’s witnesses, only not as well dressed. These guys wore jeans, sneakers and t-shirts and as I tried to pass by, one of them blocked my path, forcing me to listen to his pitch. 
“Do you believe in God?” he asked, standing in front of me so I couldn’t pass.
“Sorry, I’m not interested,” I replied, trying to walk around him.
“Let us help save your soul,” he said rather loudly, moving sideways with me so that I couldn’t get by.
“My soul doesn’t need saving.” 
“Why don’t you come up to our camp and talk to others like yourself….”
The word ‘camp’ piqued my interest. 
Suspending for a moment my attempt to get around him, I asked “Camp?” 
“Yes, we have a van that’s leaving for the camp in twenty minutes,” he replied. 
“What do you do there?” I asked.
“We hold group sessions, where members can learn more about us.”
“Is that all?” I asked.
“We also have barbeques, boating, swimming, archery, camp fires and plenty of other activities,” he said, a little excitedly, sensing a little nibble of interest.
“Is this an overnight camp?” I asked
“Yes, we have cabins with plenty of room. You can stay as long as you like.”
Up to this point, I was really enjoying San Francisco and wasn’t in any hurry to get back to Los Angeles. With just enough money left to catch the train back to the airport there wasn’t too much more I could do, aside from walking through the same areas again. If I went with these guys I’d get to see the countryside, get fed, have a place to sleep and have a good time among other things. 
Was it safe? I asked myself. They were very much like Jehovah’s Witnesses, and seemed harmless enough. Listening to sermons seemed like a small price to pay for what they were offering.   
“Sure, I’ll go,” I said, making a mental note to myself to call the airline from the camp. 
Catching a Monday flight rather than Sunday wouldn’t make any difference for me. The camp was very pleasant. That night they barbequed hot dogs and hamburgers and provided some natural healthy foods, which I tried but didn’t care for. We spent the evening around a camp fire, telling stories. The cabins were nice and roomy, holding about eight beds in each. Most of the people there looked like they were believers already, but they were pleasant nonetheless. I spent the next day having fun, but without a bathing suit I had to skip swimming, but managed to do just about everything else. 
A problem surfaced when I called the airline to move the flight to the next day. The airline wanted a twenty five dollar fee for changing the flight. That was a problem as I had no money. Just after lunch, the two who recruited me came by to say hello. They were headed down to LA and would be gone the rest of the week. Sensing a solution to my problem, I asked if they could give me a ride. They asked if I knew others in LA who would be interested. Without giving any names or any specifics, I said there are a couple of guys there that they could talk to, who might be interested.
The ride down to LA went fairly well, a little quiet but uneventful. Rather than give them an address I directed them to the Valley, then into Van Nuys, and down Van Nuys Boulevard. When we were close to the apartment complex I asked them to pull over. Then I asked for their phone numbers, telling them I’d pass along the information to my friends. They tried telling me their type of recruiting worked best face to face, but they didn’t have much of a choice and so gave me a phone number to call if anyone was interested. They weren’t very happy, but there wasn’t much they could do. The one in the passenger seat gave me the finger as the car pulled away. 

33 - The Taxi Driver
After ten months in California, I finally got a job. During one of my walks around the Valley, I saw a help wanted sign at a taxi company. They were looking for drivers, for the night shift. They hired me on the spot, without any testing or interviews. I filled out a form and was told to come back in the evening to pick up my taxi.
In order to make sure I didn’t get people lost, I picked up a street map of the Los Angeles area. This taxi company was more like a car service. The drivers weren’t allowed to pick up fares off the street. Customers would have to call the dispatcher, who would send a car over. This worked out well for me, since most passengers gave me directions to their destination. 
For me, driving a taxi in the Los Angeles area was a lot of fun. The job lasted just under two months but during that short time I had a few interesting experiences. 
One involved a passenger and a champagne bottle. None of the cars owned by this taxi company had a radio. When a driver was free, he had to find a pay phone to call the dispatcher to get the next pickup. About eleven o’clock on a Friday night, two weeks into the job, the dispatcher sent me to pick up a fare in the Valley going to the Hollywood Hills. 
The fare was a well-dressed male in his late twenties or early thirties. He was about six inches taller than me, average build, carrying a bag with a champagne bottle in it. The gentleman lived in the Hollywood Hills. Getting to his house was fairly quick, with him guiding me through the twists and turns of steep winding roads. Unknown to my passenger, the taxi company had just raised their fares. His charge was eighteen dollars. Prior to the increase, his fare would have been twelve dollars. 
The man refused to pay, saying the fare was too high. When I mentioned the taxi company just raised their fares, he wasn’t interested. 
“I’m not paying,” was his response.
“Why don’t you call the dispatcher, he can tell you what the new rates are?” I asked him.
“No, I’m not calling them, you’re trying to rip me off,” he countered.
He opened his door and stepped out of the cab. I got out as well and stood in front of him, blocking him from getting to his house. 
“You owe me eighteen dollars,” I said
“I’m not paying,” he answered.
“Call the police then,” I said, since there wasn’t much else I could do.
“I don’t have a phone,” he said.
With that he pushed me aside and started walking past me. When I grabbed him, he took hold of the champagne bottle by the stem and tried swinging at my head. Grabbing him by his shirt with one hand, and the hand holding the bottle with the other, I threw him down onto the stairs leading to the front door. 
With his back firmly against the stairs, I tried smashing the bottle on the concrete steps, but the thing wouldn’t break. After several attempts of hammering his hand and bottle onto the concrete, he dropped the bottle and it rolled safely away. With him still pinned against the stairs, I searched his pockets until I found his wallet. The wallet had a decent amount of money, out of which I took one twenty dollar bill giving myself a two dollar tip, and then tossed it on the ground next to him. 
Satisfied, I got back into the cab and drove away, but apparently he wasn’t. Shortly after I left, he used the phone he said he didn’t have to call the police. About twenty minutes later, at a pay phone back in the Valley, I called the dispatcher to get my next pickup.
“Did you just drop off a guy in the Hollywood Hills?” he asked.
“Yes,” I answered slowly.
“The police called. They say he’s accusing you of assaulting him with a champagne bottle and then robbing him.”
“It’s his bottle,” I said. “He tried to hit me with it.”
“What did you do?” he asked.
“Nothing, I took my twenty dollars for the fare and left,” I replied.
“The cops are at his house and wanna talk to you. They want you to go back to his house.”
“Okay, tell them I’m on my way.”
In the Hollywood Hills, especially in the middle of the night, one road looks like any other. Attempting to get back to the house I dropped the man off where the cops were waiting, seemed like a lost cause. After driving aimlessly for about twenty minutes, I finally gave up and headed back to payphone in the Valley.
“I couldn’t find the house,” I said to the dispatcher when he picked up the phone.
“Don’t worry about it, the cops left. They didn’t believe the guys story,” he answered.
Another time, I was running late to pick up my next passenger and my foot hit the gas pedal a little too hard. Rounding a curve on the highway at almost ninety miles an hour brought me directly in front of two California Highway Patrol cars pulled over on the side. 
One of the cops was walking towards a car they had pulled over and looked at me as I flew by. Both police cars had their lights on. If the highway had been straight, I would have spotted them a mile away. Quickly calculating it would take a minute or two before they could get into their cars and up to speed, my chances of getting away seemed pretty good. Rather than slowing down, I floored the gas pedal. The next off-ramp was about a mile away. The odds of getting off the highway and hiding on a side road, before they caught up to me were looking better as I approached the exit. 
Speeding off the highway at the exit brought me face to face with a long line of cars, stopped at a red light, and I slammed on the brakes. There was nowhere to go. A minute later the two Highway Patrol cars, with their lights and sirens going pulled up behind me, just as the light turned green. They gave me two tickets, one for speeding and the other for careless driving. It should have been reckless driving, but they were feeling generous and lowered the second ticket. 
The tickets were worth it. It was such an adrenaline rush trying to outrun the police. I don’t think my heart had ever beat faster than it did when I hit the gas pedal to try outrunning them, except maybe that time in Daytona Beach. 
I had many different kinds of passengers. Some passengers opened up and told you their entire life story, but others seemed as though it was beneath them to talk to the driver. Those passengers wouldn’t say a word, aside from confirming their destination. Upon arriving at their destination, they’d pay the fare with a very small tip, and then leave -- all without saying a single word. 
Then there were those that I hoped would shut up, but who never stopped talking. Half of them would be on their way home from a restaurant or club, with a few drinks in them. They would tell me how good I had it and how bad they had it. They would talk non-stop during the ride. Most of those rides were short, so it wasn’t too bad. Despite the constant gibberish they gave the best tips, and were my favorite passengers. Almost two months after I started working there the company went out of business and closed down. Overall, driving a taxi was a nice experience.
After spending a year in the San Fernando Valley, otherwise known as The Valley, it was time to go back home. I sold the van to Danny before leaving. 

34 - Time to Grow Up
It seemed difficult to get away from the Northeast. Back in New Jersey once again, I moved in with Rania until I could find my own place. My time in Florida, Cleveland and California had given me the opportunity to experience the freedom I wanted for so long. After being pressured to act a certain way and to do things a certain way, it was exhilarating to not have a care in the world, to do as I pleased, without having to answer for my actions. 
What was even more exhilarating was being around people I liked and could trust who’s every other word, wasn’t a lie. It changed my whole attitude. Rather than looking at people with anger and bitterness, I began seeing everyone -- good or bad alike, in a different light. Rather than pre-judging people, I tended to trust everyone.
It was the fall of 1983. For me, at twenty three years old, it was time to grow up. 
The first thing I did was to go phone Sal about a job at the movie theater. Sal hired me on the spot and said to come in as soon as I was ready. The second thing I did was to register at City College, on 138th street and Broadway, in the Harlem section of Manhattan. The third thing I did was to move into a furnished room on 138th street and Riverside drive, about three blocks away from the school. 
Doris, an elderly black widow, had a two bedroom apartment in a large building overlooking the Hudson River. She posted an ad for a room for rent on the college bulletin board. I saw it on the first day of classes and immediately rented the room. The school was a five minute walk from the apartment.
The first year at City College went pretty well. In the morning I’d walk from the apartment to the school. Once classes ended, I’d take the train to work at the movie theater. After work, I’d take the train up to Harlem, getting off at 138th street and Broadway, and then walked the two blocks to the apartment. 
Sometimes it would be one or two o’clock in the morning by the time I’d get off the subway in Harlem after work. On each corner there’d be four or five guys, late teens to mid- twenties, who would stop what they were doing as I walked by. In the middle of the block were half a dozen hookers, anywhere from young, teenage girls all the way up to middle-aged women. If they were buying or selling anything besides sex, they would stop what they were doing. If they were selling sex, they would proposition me as I walked by. I began to think that perhaps the dark pea coat -- short crew style haircut, and the fact that I wasn’t African American gave the impression that I was either a cop, or too crazy to bother with.  
During my third semester at City College, Tom the assistant manager at the movie theater talked me into applying for a job at Citibank. Tom worked at both places. When he heard Citibank was hiring and offering a bonus for referrals, he kept trying to recruit people. It wasn’t until he asked constantly for over a month that I finally relented and applied. 
In February of 1985, Citibank hired me as an entry level worker in the Data Center. The job was tape librarian, moving large round tapes full of computer data back and forth between tape drives and shelves. The pay was embarrassingly low, but it was a night shift position working three, twelve hour days and I could fit it in with my other job and my school schedule. 
For the first two months I worked at both Citibank and the movie theater. Since I was still going to school, there were days when I would be awake for forty hours straight. I’d go to work at Citibank on Sunday night, leave Monday morning, heading directly for school. After school, I’d work my shift at the movie theater, and then go back to Citibank for the Monday night shift. At the end of the two months, I was completely exhausted. I scaled back my hours at the movie theater to just Friday and Saturday nights. 
A month later, I found out they rotated shifts every three months at Citibank. The first rotation coincided with the end of my third semester at City College. The rotation made it impossible to do a full semester of school. After my third semester of college, I didn’t bother going back to school.
Since I was no longer in school, I moved into a basement apartment in North Bergen in the summer of 1985. Yusef had just surfaced once again, and was staying with Rania. Two of my other brothers, Sami and Adnan, who were still in Jordan wanted to come back to the United States. When the three of them heard I rented a large basement apartment, they asked if they could move in with me. With my parents offering to cover the expenses for Sami and Adnan, I agreed to let them move in. 
It turned out my parents weren’t very truthful in regards to covering expenses for my brothers. They didn’t bother contributing anything -- not even helping with incidentals, such as food, clothing or utilities and with all of us living together, we needed a car.  
In late 1985 I bought a used Chevy Impala. About a year later I bought a motorcycle. It was a spur of the moment thing. Driving home one day, I spotted a for sale sign on a motorcycle. Normally these things didn’t interest me, but this one caught my eye. The motorcycle resembled my old bicycle -- the one I had built years ago in Astoria, the one that Yusef said someone had stolen. The motorcycle had the same high handlebars, long seat, and high, rear support bar as the bicycle. It was a Yamaha 550, a good sized motorcycle for a new rider. 
It was an opportunity for my brothers and I to reconnect, which never materialized. Even though we were living together, we never really spent any time together. When my brothers were home at night I was working, and during the day while I slept, they were out. 
Sharing the apartment with my brothers ended up doing nothing more than adding another crack in the already frail relationship between my parents and me. Not only did my parents’ failure to provide support for my brothers widen the rift between us, my brothers had to find jobs rather than go to college which had been the reason for them coming back to New Jersey.  

35 - Love Blossoms at the Theater
Sal, my former boss from the 59th street movie theater, was still the manager at the theater on 86th street just off of Lexington Ave on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. The theater had two movies playing, each requiring a separate ticket. Back then, most movie theaters only had one auditorium. 
Upon exiting the train station from the northwest corner, I walked about fifty steps towards the west side to get to the movie theater. The cashier’s box office was on my right, with three sets of glass doors to the left, leading into the first floor lobby. To go upstairs to where the movies where playing, I made a left, and then a right upon entering the doors. 
Going upstairs brought me to a small landing where the doorman was stationed. He asked for my ticket but I told him I was there to see Sal. He directed me through the doorway on the right, to the manager’s office about thirty feet away on the right side. 
In the middle of the second floor lobby, directly across from the manager’s office was the concession stand, which served both auditoriums. Glancing at the concession stand, I saw a very attractive young woman, with shoulder length, blond hair and beautiful hazel eyes working behind the counter. Standing beside her was Gloria, a middle aged woman I knew from the concession stand at the 59th street movie theater. 
As Gloria came out to greet me, I asked her loud enough for everyone to hear who her beautiful assistant was. Gloria introduced me to Stefanie. I could tell by the look on her face that she wasn’t impressed by what she saw or heard. Stefanie gave me a forced, yet beautiful smile, showing the prettiest set of teeth I’d ever seen and then went back to work. 
Gloria took me over to see Sal and the three of us spent the next half hour reminiscing about old times, and how things had changed. They found a uniform which fit me, filled out the required paperwork, and scheduled me to start working the following day as a doorman. Sal was kind enough to let me set my work schedule around school.  
The first week at the movie theater was a little rough. Unlike the 59th street movie theater that catered to an older, upscale clientele whereas this theater played movies which attracted the young, rowdy crowds. Most of the customers were between the ages of fifteen and twenty five, and lived in rent controlled apartments. The theater had a security guard who began work at 6 o’clock p.m. and stayed till the doors were locked, just after the last movie ended -- seven days a week. 
On my third day on the job, a tall black kid who looked about eighteen or nineteen tried to walk in without a ticket. It was about 5 o’clock p.m. so the security guard wasn’t on duty yet. When I asked for his ticket, he said “It’s all right” in an arrogant manner, acting as if he belonged there. 
“You can’t go in without a ticket,” I said politely.
Waving his hand as if to show that what I said didn’t matter, he responded with a threatening growl, “Who’s gonna stop me, you?” 
With that response, he began walking in. When he was even with me, just underneath the doorway, I grabbed him by his shirt and pushed him head first into the mirrors on the wall to the right. His demeanor changed after that and I released him when he raised his arms. 
He smiled and said “Yo man, I was just kidding with you.” 
As he was leaving I could hear him telling the cashier downstairs, Stefanie, that I was crazy. The rest of the week went a little smoother, but Stefanie kept her distance. Not only did she think I was a creep, because of my “beautiful assistant” remark, but the incident with this kid made her think I had anger management issues. 
The first six months at the movie theater were uneventful. Aside from hello and goodnight, I rarely spoke to anyone, including Sal and Gloria. About a year after starting there, the home office sent new computerized ticketing machines. Being the only computer literate person, it fell upon me to get the thing installed and working. It also fell on me to train all of the cashiers on how to use the new system. 
Training the cashiers meant spending time in the box office with them, and it meant spending time in the box office with Stefanie. Stefanie was nineteen years old at the time, five years younger than me and unattached. Up to this point, she still considered me a creep with anger issues. The first day in the box office with her was very informal. We were very cordial to each other. Over the next few days, she began warming up to me, relaxing a little bit more each time I was there. 
During the second year at the movie theater Stefanie and I began talking more often. Sometimes when business was slow, I’d stand outside the box office and take the tickets from the customers as soon as they bought them, and point the people up the escalator. If I was the busboy for the day and not taking tickets, I’d spend my free time sitting in the box office with Stefanie. 
I learned a lot about Stefanie during that time. She had a great disposition treating everyone politely, no matter how offensive or abusive they got such as when a movie was sold out. Stefanie was the youngest of five children, consisting of a sister, an adopted sister and two brothers.  
Everyone at the movie theater loved Stefanie, especially Sal. One day, she had called in saying she’d be out for a few days because an aunt had passed away. Sal decided to call her house to ask where to send the flowers. 
“Hi, this is Sal, Stefanie’s boss at the movie theater. Who am I speaking with please?” he asked, in his saddest tone. 
“Sal, this is Kay, Stefanie’s mother, what’s the matter?” she asked, getting worried.
“Kay, I’m so sorry about your loss, and hate bothering you at a time like this. Can you tell me where to send the flowers?”
“Sal, I’m confused, what are you talking about?” she asked. 
“Stefanie told me her aunt passed away” he said slowly, thinking he did something wrong.
“Nobody died, her aunt is right here. Stefanie went up to Boston for a few days with her best friend,” Kay yelled
“So nobody died?” he asked, relieved that he wasn’t breaking bad news to Kay.
“No,” she answered.
“Hallelujah!” he yelled, with genuine happiness.
“I wish she would have told me, I could have played along,” Kay said lightheartedly.
“Me too,” he said, laughing.
Sal would tell us the story verbatim about a dozen times afterwards, laughing each time. You just couldn’t get upset with Stefanie. After working at the theater for two years straight, he figured she finally needed some time off. It was work as usual when Stefanie returned a few days later, as if nothing happened. Of course, Sal repeated the phone call story to her as well, almost thanking her for the experience. 
Towards the end of the second year, in the winter of 1984 Stefanie invited me one night to join her girlfriends and her as they hung out together after work. Over the course of the following month, I took it for granted that I had an open invitation and began joining them after work. 
In the early fall of 1985, Stefanie and I began hanging out together, alone. Sometimes after work, we’d go for long drives. One time, I made the mistake of letting her drive when the roads were slippery from a recent snowfall. She lost control of the car and slid into a parked car. Grabbing a piece of paper, I scribbled ‘Sorry’ and placed it on the windshield of the car. That was the end of her driving lessons.
Other times, we’d park across the street from the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Fifth Avenue between 82nd and 83rd streets, or across the street from Carl Schurz Park, over by the East River just blocks from the Mayor of New York’s mansion. 
We’d sit there for hours, talking about work, life at home and things in general. 
We began as friends, but each time we spent time together, I’d fall further and further in love with her. Stefanie on the other hand, began to see me as less and less of a creep or a nerd. She saw it as her duty to turn me into a normal, fun person. As part of those efforts, she threw out a book I had been reading at the time. I carried the book around with me to read on the train or while waiting for her to get off work. 
Ordinarily, this wouldn’t have been a big deal, and would have been shortly forgotten, but I’ve always remembered that incident. The book was War and Peace, almost fifteen hundred pages long. When Stefanie threw it out, I was down to the last hundred pages. It would be another ten years before I’d get to read that book again, starting over from the beginning.  
In April of 1986, while parked by the Carl Schurz Park, things changed. After talking the way we usually did for about an hour, Stefanie fell asleep. She just leaned over, put her head against my arm and went to sleep. 
I wasn’t sure what to do. Her head was against my right arm and I needed that arm to put the car into gear to drive her home. We stayed that way for about an hour, with the bottom half of my right arm pretty much numb from the lack of blood. When she woke up she stayed in the same position, but tilted her head up so she could look at me. 
Without thinking, I reached over and kissed her gently on the lips. Just a quick two second kiss. Immediately afterwards I braced my left hand to catch her impending swing, thinking that at any moment her right hand would come swinging towards my face. Instead, she lifted her head and kissed me -- a much longer kiss. We sat there, with our arms around each other for another ten minutes or so, before she asked me to take her home. 

36 - Tying the Knot
Around the middle of July 1986, three months after our first kiss, I asked Stefanie to marry me. She said ‘No’. The following week, I asked her again. She said no again. I proposed about half a dozen times that summer, before finally wearing her down. 
On Friday, August 29th, while Stefanie and I sat in the theater box office, I asked her again to marry me. This time, she said ‘Yes’. I did a double take, unsure of what she’d said. 
“What did you say?” I nervously asked
“I said yes, I’ll marry you,” she answered back, very calmly.
I had been prepared to give her reasons why she should marry me, but completely caught by surprise when she said yes. I was ecstatic and didn’t know what to say, so I just kept my mouth shut. I was happy though and had a smile on my face that went from ear to ear. Some of the customers going up to the box office for tickets must have thought I was mentally handicapped. 
One woman remarked to Stefanie, “It’s so sweet of you to watch over him like that.”
Shortly afterwards we began spending more time at her home, a fifteen minute walk from the movie theater where she would cook for us. Stefanie lived in a fourteenth floor, three-bedroom apartment with her parents -- Eugene and Katherine, her Aunt Alma and the younger of her brothers, Mark. We began spending time there with her family, rather than our usual spots in the car.
My brothers stayed in the apartment in North Bergen. Since none of them were working, I continued paying the rent and utilities. About three months later, when they wouldn’t even pay for the phone bill, and never getting the promised help from my father, I kicked them out and gave up the apartment.    
Stefanie and I wanted to get married within a few months after she said yes, with a small simple wedding. Just before we made the announcement -- Mark, Stefanie’s brother, announced that he was getting married forcing us to wait. Stefanie didn’t want to steal his thunder, so we waited a few months before making our announcement. 
With limited resources, and no help from my parents we looked around for an inexpensive place to hold a small reception. We found it in the basement of a restaurant in Queens. The cost was a little higher than we could afford, but it was the cheapest place we were able to find. 
Sal, who was like a father to both Stefanie and I, was very happy for us. Since I had no close friends, and wasn’t close to anyone in my family, I asked Sal to be my best man. You’d think he just had a baby he was so happy. As the wedding planning continued, Sal continually helped us out. He gave us over a thousand dollars to use towards the wedding and the reception hall. 
The wedding was scheduled for January, 24, 1987. We invited my aunts, uncles, cousins, and brothers and sisters, about twenty altogether. Stefanie had a small family, but more friends. In total, we invited about fifty people, out of which forty eight accepted and showed up. One of my uncles refused to attend because I was marrying a non-Moslem. Several years later, that same uncle would have no problems attending the second wedding of his oldest daughter to a Jewish lawyer.
Being Moslem, my parents flew over from Jordan for the event and wanted us to go through a Moslem ceremony. Being Christian, Stefanie wanted to have a church wedding. We did both. On Friday January 23rd at Rania’s apartment we were married by a Moslem cleric. On Saturday, the 24th and the coldest day of the year, we were married in the Roman Catholic Church of Our Lady of Good Council -- a beautiful church on East 90th street, between Second and Third Avenues. 
From there, compliments of Sal, a limo took us to the reception in Queens. There were a few mishaps at the reception. Katherine’s best friend, Agnes recorded the event for us but she ran out of tape two hours into the wedding. One of Stephanie’s friends had a little too much to drink and began mimicking some of the Arab dancing being done by my family. She would get onto the dance floor as the Arabian music was playing and with a table napkin, clumsily began mimicking the dancing women, but Stefanie’s mother and I saw this and asked her to stop. However, when she wouldn’t stop, Lady Girl and Katherine came close to slugging it out on the dance floor and had to be separated. 
Another thing that went wrong was the DJ -- Bruce, forgetting to bring our wedding song. Stefanie had picked an Elvis Presley song, ‘The Wonder of You’, to be our wedding song. Bruce was a co-worker of mine from Citibank who offered to do the wedding for free, so we couldn’t really get upset with him.
Aside from the fight, the missing wedding song, and a few guests falling on the ice -- the reception went fairly well. At the end of the reception, we got the final bill from the restaurant. 
We were short several hundred dollars, so Stefanie and I dug into the gift envelopes to come up with the difference. Knowing we needed transportation Sal lent us his car, a Chevy Monte Carlo, for the honeymoon. 
From the reception, we drove down to Atlantic City. Since we didn’t know how much money we’d have, we hadn’t made any arrangements ahead of time. On arriving in Atlantic City we checked into the first motel we came across, the El Rancho motel. From the outside it was cheesy and rundown, looking more like a place that rented rooms by the hour. Inside was a cheap, cardboard-thin dresser, and bed linen used so often that many stains were permanently imbedded into the fabric. There was no table or chairs so we had to sit on the bed. It was pretty bad, but gave us a chance to see how much money we had left from the gift envelopes. Our plan was to check into one of the casino hotels the next day. 
That night, Atlantic City had the worst snow storm in years. New Jersey declared a state of emergency, allowing only critical service cars on the major roads. As a result, no one was checking out of the hotels. We called every single casino hotel that day and none of them had any rooms. We spent our honeymoon trapped at the El Rancho motel, something Stefanie has never allowed me to forget.    

37 - Losing Parents
My father passed away in April of 2001. He was hit by a taxi while crossing a street in downtown Amman, and died while waiting for an ambulance. 
As time went on, my parents and I had drifted further and further apart. For the twelve years prior to his death, we had seen each other only twice, for a total of less than thirty minutes. 
After hearing news of his death, three of my brothers and I flew to Amman, where we met up with Adnan, Sarah and my mother. What should have been a moment for the family to build a relationship became the exact opposite. It was the same old fight over money, except this time it was much worse.
For Moslems, when a father passes away, there are specific rules on how money is to be distributed amongst the heirs. For us, my mother was to get one eighth of the inheritance. The remainder was to be divided into portions, with the boys getting double what the girls would receive. With ten kids, my brothers and I would each get two fifteenths and each of my sisters would get one fifteenth. Any money or property was supposed to be divided in this manner.
My parents, as it turned out, had owned several pieces of property in Jordan. The properties consisted of several small parcels of land, a small hotel, and a five family apartment building with commercial rental space on the first floor. While living in Jordan, they had been transferring property from my father to Adnan, thus ensuring Adnan would get the bulk of what was left.
My father and mother had fractured the family by favoring one child over the others, taking money from whoever had any, then turning around and giving it to their favorites -- Adnan and Sarah, the youngest and living in Jordan. 
My father’s sudden death caused my mother to speed things up, moving and hiding whatever she could before his death was officially recorded and his assets frozen. The first thing she did was to withdraw most of the money from his savings account to hide it in one of her friend’s accounts. 
As far as the rest of us knew, there was no money and very little property to divide. We only found out about the hidden money and the property transfers when the two favorites got into a heated argument with my mother over money. My brothers threatened to call the police, but it never happened. Maybe they worked something out. By then, I was completely fed up with everyone and kept my distance.     
It was supposed to be a short stay, but because of delays with getting the body and making arrangements, my stay lasted two weeks. Most of the time there, my brothers did nothing but fight over money and property. One of them wanted his share immediately, so he could take it with him. The fighting and bickering over money ended up splintering the family even more than it already was. As for me, it was easier to consider myself an orphan. 
My mother and I crossed paths several years later, when she was in New Jersey, during her annual visit to the United States. Rania lived a few miles from where I worked, so three or four times a year I’d stop over on my way home from work to say ‘Hi’. During one stop over, I found her there. I shook hands and said hello, much the way one would greet a stranger. Ten minutes later, after making small talk like two strangers in a waiting room, I left. That was the last time I saw or spoke to my mother. 

38 - Arab Culture and Hospitality
The first four days we were in Jordan, people came each evening to show their respect for my father. Someone rented a large canopy and enough tables and chairs for fifty people. These were assembled in an empty lot across the street from our building. The men stayed under the canopy while the women went inside. Each night, there would be at least thirty or so men sitting under the canopy.  The women would go upstairs and cook, while my mother mourned her husband’s death. 
Each night for dinner, there would be tray upon tray of mansaf. After eating, coffee and tea would be served though at events like these, there would be no dessert. About half of the people who came were dressed in traditional Arab outfits. For women, it was the black outfits, covering them from head to toe. For the men, it was a tunic, the thaub with the traditional Arabic headpiece. Some of the older men would wear an additional piece, a long flowing outer cloak, called a bisht.
My brothers and I would sit with them each night, from around three in the afternoon, till about ten at night when the last of them left. They would tell stories about my father. They spoke about how great he was and sometimes I wondered how well they knew him, if they were even talking about the same person that I knew. 
The burial took place on the fifth day, immediately after the body was released. This was like any other funeral procession. A hearse carried the body, with a procession of cars following to the cemetery. After the funeral, the canopy, tables and chairs were returned, and life began returning back to normal. My mother and brothers resumed their fighting. 
One of our distant cousins, Samir invited me to visit and spend the night with his family. He lived in a town called Kerak, almost a three hour drive from where we were in Amman. I welcomed the opportunity to get away for a few days, away from the arguments over money and all the other turmoil in my family.
A week after arriving in Amman, and two days after the funeral, I was in Samir’s car heading for Kerak. To get to Kerak, the drive took us through long stretches of desert. The trip was my first experience being outside of Amman.
Alongside the highway, we’d see Bedouin tribes, with their tents, camels, horses and sheep, living in the desert. Some of them would be a few hundred yards from the highway, clear as day, looking like a scene out of a Hollywood movie. Occasionally we’d see a Bedouin riding a camel. For me, the oddest site was seeing a Bedouin riding his camel, moving at a fast pace, while talking on a cell phone. That amazed me more than anything else. In the middle of a desert, living in tents the same way they have over the last thousand years, most of the Bedouins had cell phones. 
Along the way, we stopped at the Dead Sea. Samir talked me into stripping down to my underwear and going in for a swim -- if you can call it that. The water was so thick with salt and minerals that there was no need to swim. You can put your hands on your side and just float. Across the water, on the other side of the sea, was Israel. 
That was another thing which amazed and shamed me at the same time. That side of the sea was beautiful. There was a large restaurant, lit up so bright that you can see it clearly from where we stood. Further back were luscious green trees -- lots of them yet behind us was nothing but sand. I was amazed at what they were able to accomplish in Israel, on that side of the sea. I felt shame at how nothing had changed on this side of the sea, how it was still nothing but empty desert.
Having grown up in the United States may have spoiled me into appreciating modern conveniences which didn’t exist, or were only for the well to do in Jordan. However, if I had grown up in Jordan and seen what was being done across the Dead Sea in Israel, on land similar to that of Jordan, I suppose I would have felt a bit of humility and embarrassment at how little had changed in Jordan. 
As we got closer to Kerak Samir showed me a mountain where a famous battle, the battle of Mutah, took place in A.D 625. After losing three of their leaders, three thousand Moslems had tricked two hundred thousand Byzantine Roman and non Moslem Arab soldiers into retreating by making it look like reinforcements arrived.  
On entering Kerak, my first impression was of a town forgotten by time. It was a very old town, full of two, three and four hundred years or older, buildings and a castle. The Crusader Castle Kerak, built in A.D. 1132 by Crusaders, was the focal point of the entire town. There were no modern houses or buildings. 
Kerak was a poor town. Most of the people who lived there were just getting by, and were happy with that, unlike Amman where everyone wanted what the others had. The most striking aspect of Kerak was the cars. About a third of the cars in the town dated back to the Fifty’s and Sixty’s. Being poor, most people couldn’t afford to buy newer cars. Any parts that couldn’t be bought for a reasonable price were built in local machine shops. The cars looked and drove better than most of the cars I had seen in the United States. 
Being in Kerak was like a taste of southern hospitality. People lived a friendly, casual, and stress free way of life with farming being the main occupation. It was like the difference between a major city and a small country town in the United States. While I didn’t care too much for life in the rest of Jordan, living in Kerak had a little bit of an appeal to it. 
Eleven days after leaving I was back home in the United States. Spending time in Kerak and with relatives I had never seen was pleasant, but the rest of it was a shame. The need to get further away from the rest of my family only intensified after that trip.


39 - Going Our Separate Ways
The law finally caught up with Yusef in 1986. He was caught in Germany trying to renew his passport at the U.S. embassy and was immediately turned over to the FBI. He was extradited to Manhattan where he stood trial and was found guilty of fraud, passing bad checks and forging bank checks. The judge sentenced him to a long prison term at Rahway State prison in New Jersey. Yusef ended up serving five years in prison, and when released, was a changed man. 
Before prison, Yusef was a sharp dressed, smooth talking, con man. After prison, he looked like Osama Bin Laden and acted like an Imam, a Moslem religious figure. The person leaving jail had no resemblance to the person who went in. The pre-jail Yusef was clean cut and wore expensive suits. The new Yusef had a long beard, spoke softly, quoted the Quran, and wore the long Arabian tunic, or thaub. He had found Islam in prison. 
He flew to Jordan shortly after getting released from jail, where my mother took him shopping for a bride, and found him one. We would meet his wife many years later when he paid us a visit. She was as much of a religious zealot as he had become. Covered from head to toe, even the eyes, and hiding when men were present, it was impossible to get any idea of who she was. The two of them moved out to California, where he started a web hosting business. 
Some of my brothers and sisters settled in New Jersey. Abdul, the fourth son, who also got the short end of the stick, settled in Florida. He put himself through school, training to become a French chef, and then got a job at a high scale restaurant in Miami. Nour finally left her husband, the one she was forced to marry in Jordan, after twenty five years of marriage, when all of her kids were fully grown. Growing up, I had never been close to any of my brothers and sisters, aside from Rania. Once we were all grown, everyone went their separate ways. 
After leaving California, Danny and I stayed in contact for a couple of years, and then drifted apart. He got married and began raising his own family. Paul and I never spoke again, not that anything happened, it was just the way things worked out. When we were in school, the three of us said we’d travel across the country on motorcycles after we retired. Maybe we’ll still do it one day.  
After getting married, Stefanie and I moved into a first floor apartment in the Bronx. Two months later, after a burglary, we moved to North Bergen, New Jersey. A month later, she made me sell the motorcycle, right after learning she was pregnant. In 1987, Stefanie gave birth to our first child, a boy we named Joseph. Shortly afterwards, we moved to Pennsylvania, just across the river from New York and New Jersey, so that Stefanie could be close to her sister, Valerie.
In December of 1987, less than a year old, Joey would make up for all the gifts I never had. For his first Christmas, Stefanie spent over five hundred dollars, money we couldn’t afford to spend, on toys to place under the tree for Joey. On March 15, 1988, my twenty eighth birthday, Stefanie and Joey would throw me my very first birthday party. 
Stefanie and I would have two more children -- a girl, Amanda and then another boy, Dylan. For me, commuting two hours each way to work and back became a normal part of my routine. It was a small price to pay to provide our children with a safe, normal environment. 
Over time, my anger management issues would begin to disappear, especially since Stefanie kept threatening to leave if I ever raised a hand to her or any of the kids. Controlling my anger at home was difficult in the beginning so I would take my rage out in the car on other drivers. By the second year of marriage I had accumulated over ten car accidents, mostly fender benders when someone tried to cut in front of me. Where most people would hit the brakes to avoid damaging their car when someone suddenly cuts in front, I would hit the gas pedal. Depending on the mood I was in, I would either get their insurance information, since they were usually at fault, or just let them go if my aggression died down after the impact. It goes without saying that I only did this when alone in the car.  
Stefanie would go on to teach me what a family was supposed to be like. She would teach me how to discipline children without the need for violence, lies or anger, mainly by talking me down. She would make me think back on how my father disciplined us and how it backfired on him. It took a long time, and there were many bumps along the way, but we worked through them. As a result, together we raised three children other parents would envy. We couldn’t be prouder of them. This was mostly Stefanie’s doing, but I’ll take some of the credit, for having the foresight to choose her in the first place. 


Images


This is an aerial view taken in 1974 overlooking the East River, Astoria on the right, Randall’s and Ward Islands on the left. The first bridge is the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge, opened in 1936 and known back then as the Triborough Bridge, which connects Queens, Manhattan and Bronx. The second bridge is the Hell Gate bridge, an arch railroad bridge opened in 1916 which connects Astoria, Randall's/Wards Islands, and Bronx.
The two large cylinders in the background were natural gas storage tanks on the Consolidated Edison (now part of Orange and Rockland Electric) electric company property. The two tanks no longer exist, leaving behind two large empty circles. The area between the Hell Gate Bridge and the Con Edison property is a collection of apartment buildings. The one we lived in is just across the street from the storage tank on the left.

Apartment building we moved into in Astoria (grass and trees instead of concrete and children playing now fill the courtyard).

Daytona Beach, one of few places in the United States where cars are allowed to drive and park on the sand.

Arabic coffee, coffee pot called dallah, and the coffee cups called fenjan.


Karak Castle and the surrounding town, with cell towers in the background.

Bedouin home and animals (present day).


A Bedouin in traditional garb.

A tray of Mansaf, the Jordanian national dish.



Traditional way of eating Mansaf (photo from 1934) still followed today.



A serving of Kanafeh




Epilogue
If you’ve made it this far, my hat’s off to you, kind reader. Not very many would venture through a story about Astoria, or even worse, an immigrant from the Middle East in Astoria.
Having gone through this in person, I can tell you it was not an overly exciting or thrilling experience, not one worth torturing others through, but one never knows. There are many in this world that would pay good money to be put through unbearable pain, not that this story would do that, but one can never be sure of how the human mind works.
This book, the first chapter of my life, is in complete contrast to the current chapter. Whereas in the first chapter there was no love or emotion in the household, the current chapter is full of love and life. Growing up I learned to be cold and heartless, never to show emotion. After getting married and having kids, my wife and children taught me to love and laugh and to show emotions.   
Kind reader I thank you, and may your hardships never be as bad as those of the gentlemen in the desert at the start of this story. May you always have electricity, water and a light to guide you at night should you have the need to go. 

