

Amazed by her Grace
Book II

Janet Walker



Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Janet Walker
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com


Book II: Table of Contents
Part III: JESUS AND HER TWELVE APOSTLES
Chapter Twenty-Five: The Power of Grace
Chapter Twenty-Six: The Lie, Revisited
Chapter Twenty-Seven: Rejected Gesture
Chapter Twenty-Eight: A Change of Plans
Chapter Twenty-Nine: Maid to Order
Chapter Thirty: Girl Meets Buoy
Chapter Thirty-One: A Rock and a Hard Place
Chapter Thirty-Two: The Chosen
Chapter Thirty-Three: Interference
Chapter Thirty-Four: Casting Lots
Chapter Thirty-Five: The Grace Method
Chapter Thirty-Six: Disconnected
Chapter Thirty-Seven: Gentrification
Chapter Thirty-Eight: A Time to Prey
Chapter Thirty-Nine: A Smile
Chapter Forty: The First Move
Chapter Forty-One: Banquet
Chapter Forty-Two: To Know Her
Part IV: NOT EVERYTHING THAT GLITTERS
Chapter Forty-Three: Summit of Pleasure
Chapter Forty-Four: The Queen’s Domain
Chapter Forty-Five: Keeping the Secret
Chapter Forty-Six: Wonderful Whirl
Chapter Forty-Seven: Beck vs. Haines
Chapter Forty-Eight: Love and Enmity
Chapter Forty-Nine: Caught
Chapter Fifty: Maternity War
Chapter Fifty-One: Motherless Child
Chapter Fifty-Two: Depravity
Chapter Fifty-Three: La Femme en Rouge
Chapter Fifty-Four: Skeletons out of the Closet



For Mrs. Greene


Part III
JESUS AND HER TWELVE APOSTLES


Chapter Twenty-Five
THE POWER OF GRACE
No extracurricular honor generated more interest and speculation at Beck Academy than did the distinction of being called a Grace Girl. The Girls were regarded with envy by some, admiration by others, and mixed emotions by those who hadn’t yet decided whether or not being a Grace Girl was really all that much of a blessing. The Girls, always twelve of them, sat together during pep rallies in bright white tennis shoes and sweat suits the color of a lion’s coat. Beneath the tawny raw silk, each girl wore a burgundy T-shirt with tan velvet figures on the back proclaiming her jersey number and surname. Often, several of them sat together in the cafeteria, laughing and waving teenage hands in animated gesture as they described some dramatic move that had won a game or some foolish error that had cost them a basket. Even more loudly, they complained about a word or action produced by their coach, for they constantly sought to remind others of the proximal relationship they shared with her.
An athlete from Beck’s brother school, Langston Academy, considered it an honor to attend a school dance with a Grace Girl on his arm, or to escort one in the Beck-Langston Homecoming Pageant. And the boys’ fascination didn’t stop there. Many an afternoon would pass during basketball season when the boys hung around after school, hoping to be let inside to view a practice session of Miz Grace and her Girls. And sometimes, after the season was underway, the woman would unlock the doors and allow the boys in to view dazzling sessions of elaborate ball-handling drills that molded the Girls into a rhythmic unit, or scrimmage games filled with slick passes and female shouts of warning and hand claps that behaved as orders, with productive fast breaks and strategic fouls and well-executed plays. Once inside, the boys sat obediently on the bleachers, enjoying the view and speaking little, for it was Miz Grace’s rule: If your talking distracts from her coaching, you will get the stick—meaning, she will walk over, point her polished cane your way, and order, “You.” Any boy so singled out always obeyed the order to leave, not just because he feared Big Stan, the APD officer who patrolled the girls’ campus, but also because he respected Miz Grace. Only at appropriate times could the spectators express themselves raucously—when a player powered in a particularly impressive basket or grabbed a much-needed rebound or sank a critical free throw—and any boy employing profanity or lewdness was never let inside again.
.
When she joined the faculty of Lawrence Benjamin Beck Academy in the fall of 1986, Grace Gresham, as head coach, had every intention of turning the floundering athletic department of the eighty-year-old school into one that reflected the beauty and expertise she had exhibited during her brief and glorious Olympic career. So the first thing she did was request that Beck be permitted to compete in a higher classification in the public-school arena, which would cast it against large schools and not merely small ones. She wanted, she said, the most competition available and wished to perform in a sphere that was the norm, not the exception. The second thing she did was ask for approval in changing the name of the girls’ teams from the Beck Lionettes to the Lady Lions. Lady Lions, she said, reflected what her girls were going to be—ladies—and besides, “lionette” was an insulting diminutive and not even the proper name for a female lion.
To both requests, the school complied.
She ordered additional equipment for training: barbells and jump ropes, more basketballs and volleyballs, better-quality shot puts, cleats, cushioned mats, and high-jump poles. She recalled the high-school and college teams for which she had competed, and the teaching styles of those who had coached her, and blended the memory of them into what she thought was a method for winning. But she made three mistakes that first season. The first was choosing too many players and runners—eighteen for basketball; thirty for track and field. The large numbers flustered her; she was unable to gain insight into each athlete’s mind and strategically manipulate them as a body. Her second mistake was being overly demanding of her athletes and never interacting warmly with them. They interpreted her actions as a sign that she did not like them, and so they reciprocated by not giving her their best. The third mistake that first season became a controversial one. With little knowledge of public-school sports (she had always attended private Catholic schools), Grace imitated the methods of recruiting carried on by college and pro scouts. She ventured into the realm of metro Atlanta’s public and private school systems, seeking the best ball players from the previous season and requesting their presence at her tryouts. All eight girls asked complied. Of the eight, three made the team (including the recruit she wanted most, Sarah Trendenburg, from a white Episcopalian school in north Fulton). One of the recruits was a poor girl from Lithonia, an outstanding player who could neither afford the school’s tuition nor qualify for an academic scholarship. When a full scholarship materialized in the girl’s name, from a private donor, rumor spread among metro-area coaches that Grace Gresham was “buying” players for her program.
It caused an outrage.
Public-school coaches from the metro area said it was already unfair that independent schools in Georgia were not bound by county lines and so could legally enroll students from as far away as China; it was therefore an added insult, they said, that Amazing Grace Gresham could use her Olympic clout, and whatever financial advantage she had, to lure away the area’s best players. They complained to the school boards of Fulton County and Atlanta Public Schools, which while they could not reverse Grace’s actions (Beck was, after all, a private institution and not under the authority of either school system), they did not dispute the coaches’ claim that Grace Gresham, in going forth to recruit, had committed an unethical act.
The charge incensed Grace so much that she broke a vow of silence and spoke, for the first time in six years, to the media. To the Journal-Constitution’s Mike Lindsey, she said, about the other coaches, “Frankly, I’m baffled by their reaction. They obviously have no idea what the real world of athletic competition is all about. If they have a problem with it, they should take it up with the Georgia High School Association. Or with the legislature. I’m within my rights.” That would have been the end of her comments to the press, but a persistent reporter for a black weekly showed up at Beck and asked Grace to explain why, if her actions were as common as she insisted, she had so angered other coaches. Her response was less than gracious: “It’s simple. I’m about to raise the level of play in this district and most of them know they won’t be able to keep up with me.” Her statements, when printed, incensed her colleagues more than her actions alone had done, and it began a heated basketball season in the fall of 1986. But the end did not justify the means, and though her ball and track teams finished with good records, losing only a fourth of their contests (a substantial improvement over previous Beck seasons), Grace Gresham’s teams failed to garner any championships that first year.
Rival coaches rejoiced.
After a brief period of self-pity, Grace spent the summer of 1987 poring over library books about coaching; slipping into the Summit and watching the scrimmaging tactics of the Majestics’ coaches; engaging in question-and-answer sessions with the head coach and with college coaches whose styles she admired; and discussing strategy with a Majestics player who had taken a special interest in her. She even wrote a proposal, complete with a two-year strategic plan and a policies-and-procedures manual, that outlined the restructuring of the Beck physical-education program into a university-styled athletic department. The school did not have, in 1987, the budget to finance her ambitious proposal, but they promised to consider the idea for the next year and, because they did not want to lose her, gave her a raise and increased her staff from six to eight.
And when the fall of ’87 came, she was imbued with purpose and filled with a fierceness that hadn’t burned so strong in her since she took off from the blocks in the ’76 Olympics and dusted the records of every woman who had run before her. She remembered the advice of her earliest high-school coach, Sister Sonja, who had been a collegiate runner before she became a nun and who used to say that Jesus chose seventy to go out and preach, yes, but the fact of the matter was he started out with only twelve, because that was all he really needed. Sister Sonja’s point: A lean machine is a more efficient one. And so at the end of tryouts that second year, Grace pared away the excess baggage from a group of fifty hopefuls and ended up with twelve, because she knew that was all she really needed. For that second season, she did not recruit from without but retained three of the recruits from the year before (Sarah Trendenburg was one). At a press conference, which she held with reluctance but with the knowledge that it was necessary to clear her name, she told a small group of reporters why she had decided not to recruit for the ’87-’88 season. She firmly denied it was because she feared backlash from other coaches but declared, instead, that because she knew she would thenceforth create only championship teams, she wanted no one to be able to say she had attained victory by stealing players from other schools. She would, she told the journalists, use only what Beck had to offer and, with that, she declared, she would beat any team, anywhere.
And so she used a whipping tongue to beat her first group of twelve girls into submission; used simple textbook language to explain to them the basics of basketball; introduced to them her rules of grooming and fitness and insisted they follow these; urged them through grueling training sessions that transformed them in a matter of weeks; made them regard her with all the admiration of Greece for Athena, and instilled within them all the fear of that same city for Medusa. She even occasionally tossed them bits of warmth and humor to satisfy their desire to feel close to her. And in the end, in the spring of 1988, at the close of her second year of coaching, Grace Gresham and her basketball girls had left behind a trail of fallen other schools and broken other coaches—most notably, the historic Atlanta city champs, L. Carlton Haines—and were holding high the city, state, and regional championship trophies. They had also done what no other girls’ high-school team in the region had ever done: completed the regular season with a perfect record. In track and field, Grace also reached many of her goals, although it was noticeable, and everyone agreed, that the former world-class runner was a better coach of basketball than she was of her own Olympic sport.
She spent the summer of 1988 smiling but examining the strategies of military leaders and successful coaches to see what she could learn from them. Also during that summer, she got married. When the fall of ’88 rolled around, Grace did the same thing—pared down a great crowd of hopefuls to a small remnant of twelve—and whipped them into a glorious winning machine that reflected her athletic prowess and femininity. That was the year someone started calling her “Miz Grace,” since she was no longer “Miz Gresham” and since her new name, Mrs. Gresham-Nelson, was too long. Everyone latched onto the new designation and started calling her girls Miz Grace’s Girls (later shortened to just the Grace Girls), labels she liked right away and which she felt suited the persona she was constructing for herself.
At the end of that third season, in the spring of 1989, her ball players had garnered a second perfect season and championship title, but this time they took their perfection all the way to the national level. (Her track team finished second in regional competition.) Then it was proven: Miz Grace and the Grace Girls hadn’t merely had a lucky year the preceding season but were a force with which to be reckoned. She had earned a name for herself, and the folks at Beck who had persisted in calling her “Jazz Nelson’s wife” started calling her “Miz Grace,” with respect.
At the start of the ’89-’90 season, however, Grace was brought before Principal Allen by a tenth-grader and her parents who couldn’t understand why their daughter was not chosen for Miz Grace’s team when the girl had been a star in Beck’s junior-varsity program under Coach Julia Brown. The girl charged it was because Miz Grace had favorites and only picked “certain types” of girls for her team (pretty and feminine girls—a charge that ceased to be true after Grace’s disastrous first season). The principal said he’d heard—and he apologized for the mention—that Grace had a fetish for the number twelve and excluded good players for the sake of preserving that number. And the parents demanded that the girl be allowed to play. Grace had simply said that it didn’t matter if a Harlem Globetrotter wanted on her team—if she felt he would create disharmony and hinder the gaining of a championship, she would refuse him as well. She also added that limiting the team to twelve was an official standard of basketball, not one of her own creation. What she didn’t say, and which was the truth, was that she hadn’t chosen the tenth-grader for two reasons: One, because Julia had complained about the girl’s arrogant and uncooperative spirit, qualities Grace had observed during tryouts; and two, because the girl was, quite frankly, too masculine for Grace’s tastes—prime reasons for being denied entry into her program.
When Principal Allen dismissed the student and her parents and asked Grace to consider including the girl to pacify the parents, she told him, “Okay, she can be on the team. And you can let the parents coach it.” That had settled it. The girl left Beck, disgruntled, and all that year faced the Grace Girls with vengeance whenever her school played theirs. And she wasn’t alone; more than a few others whom Grace had rejected left Beck, too, and scattered throughout the school system, harboring resentment against her and her Girls, something the departed students didn’t hide whenever their teams met in competition. And the fact that the Grace Girls always won, and gracefully so, generated in the mouths of losing opponents a bitterness hard to swallow. At the same time, the opponents, especially the former Beck girls, felt a reluctant admiration and envy that made them secretly wish they, too, were part of the privileged group of girls who learned at the feet and fought battles in the name of the beautiful and private woman everyone called Miz Grace.


Chapter Twenty-Six
THE LIE, REVISITED
Madgelyn Porter stepped out of her polished burgundy Buick LeSabre and onto the sidewalk of Haines Avenue. At a height of five feet, eleven inches, she did not shrink away from her height but held her carriage erectly, and though two hundred forty pounds, she did not lumber when she walked but moved with purpose in fashionable size-twelve pumps and dainty, carefully placed steps. Standing beside the car, she wiggled slightly to undo the pinch of elastic around her thigh—the Playtex girdle, which kept her broad buttocks in check and shaped her large breasts into stiff protrusions. For the brief ride from the MacDonald Park community to Ariel Place Homes, she had dressed inadvertently in the colors of Beck Academy: burgundy Aigner high-heeled pumps, silken taupe pantyhose, tan Liz Claiborne sundress under a burgundy chiffon jacket, and a tan Gucci grip purse. Stylish, well-cut items, but they made her look years older. She was thirty-five.
Madge looked around at the red brick buildings. Since it was a school day and the middle of the morning, the housing project was quiet, something she noticed with contempt and triumph: She was not deceived; she knew peace was the last thing this neighborhood had to offer, and Tracy’s bruised face last night was proof of that. Madge tucked her purse beneath her arm, made sure the door to the new Buick was locked, and proceeded down the paved walkway that led to her sister’s apartment. The bright morning sun worked its way through her thick black hair and warmed her scalp. At the same time, heat radiated up from the sidewalk, sealing her face in a film of moistness and sucking air from her lungs. She thought about the dreaded task before her, reflected on the cold blowing current of the car’s air conditioner, and wished she were back inside.
Up ahead, the walkway forked and led to two doors that shared the same porch. The door on the right belonged to Mr. Jacobs, the patient old man Madge had been forced to call whenever Diane’s phone was disconnected. Once, she had sent Diane three hundred dollars from Korea to have the phone turned on and to buy Tracy clothes for a new school year, but the phone remained disconnected for weeks thereafter, and Madge later learned that Tracy never received clothes from the allotment. The money had been stolen, Diane insisted, by someone she thought was a friend. After that, Madge never mailed Diane money but sent Tracy gifts—a cashmere sweater, a good winter coat, a Luis Vuitton shoulder bag, a Walkman radio. And tucked away in pockets, a folded ten- or twenty-dollar bill.
Madge followed the fork to Diane’s apartment and knocked firmly on the metal screen door. No sounds on the other side, so she knocked again. Glanced at her watch. A little after nine. She sighed. And then the shade trembled in the window of the door. Fingers pulled the shade away from the window and Diane’s early-morning face, pained and squinting, appeared behind the glass. For a few seconds, the two sisters looked at each other. Madge immediately assessed Diane’s red eyes and grim mouth and knew her younger sister was in a venomous mood; Diane had never been a morning person. Diane Sullivan acknowledged her sister with a scowl and Madge, in return, tightened her lips—which, for her, when dealing with people she did not like, was a smile.
The window shade fell back into place and Madge heard the clicking of an opening deadbolt and the small rattle of a chain lock. The door swung inward. Diane withdrew into the living room without inviting Madge inside. Madge hesitated, annoyed by her sister’s rudeness, and crossed the threshold into the apartment. She closed the door and stood nearby. Immediately, she noticed a scent that had come to define, in her mind, Diane’s home—a blend of two odors, actually: the sharp trace scent of burnt leaf and a faintly putrid underlying odor of old garbage. Quickly, Madge scanned the apartment. Grimy pea-colored sofa, battered coffee table, armchair with rips in the tweed fabric. A curio cluttered with knick-knacks. Heavy orange drapes at the front window. In a side window, an air conditioner that was either broken or simply not turned on. In one corner, a fan that delivered a cool current that cut through the tepid air in the room. The kitchen at the back of the apartment featured a greasy beige dinette set, a sink full of dirty dishes, and—the source of the odor, Madge was sure—an overflowing plastic trash bin. She wondered why—no, how—Diane could live this way when they had both grown up with the same mother, Olivia Sullivan, a Southern woman for whom domesticity was a religion.
“Did I wake you?” Madge asked curtly.
Diane, three yards away at the coffee table, where her cigarettes were, dragged her fingers through her hair and twisted her face with annoyance. She picked up the shiny green-and-white pack and beat out a cigarette as she spoke. “The hell you think, Madge? It’s what? Eight o’clock? Shit. And it’s my day off.”
“Nine o’clock,” Madge corrected. “And I’m sorry I woke you but we need to talk about Tracy.”
Diane looked sharply at Madge. The cigarette in her fingers froze. “What about Tracy?”
“What happened to her face?”
“What she tell you happened to her face?”
“She said some girls jumped on her because they wanted your cigarettes.”
The cigarette in Diane’s fingers moved again. “That’s right. So why the hell you askin’ me what happened to her?” Diane’s hand trembled as she stuck the cigarette between her lips.
“Because, Diane, how could something like that happen?”
Diane snatched the unlit cigarette out of her mouth. “I can’t help what happen to Tracy when she git out there in the street!” she said, her arm extended toward the front door.
“That’s right. You can’t. And that’s why I’m here.”
Diane glared at Madge, then drew her eyes away from her sister and jammed the Newport between her lips. She grabbed the lighter from the table, flicked it, and sucked its flame into the end of the cigarette. She drew in a deep mouthful of heat, blew out a cloud of white smoke, and squinted because the haze burned her eyes. At the same time, she became fully aware that Madge had remained standing by the door, and this ignited a new anger in Diane.
“What, you think sump’m gon’ bite you in here?”
Madge looked puzzled.
“You cain’t sit down?” Diane asked tartly.
“I didn’t expect to stay. I just wanted to see what we can do about Tracy and this—situation—with these girls who keep beating on her.”
“The hell you want me to do, Madge? This the muthafuckin’ ghetto: Things gon’ happen to children.”
“And that’s exactly my point, Diane. I wonder how wise it is to make her come home every weekend, all weekend.”
“That ain’t for you to wonder about. You just make sure she here every Friday.”
“And she will be. I’m just saying—” Madge choked, coughed daintily into her fist, and continued. “—when she does come home, watch her, Diane! And I don’t mean out there—I know you can’t help what goes on out there, but you can control what happens in here, and you might want to consider how wise it is to smoke and drink and have all these men running through here when you’ve got a teenaged daughter.”
Diane’s pale cheeks were instantly scarlet. Her green eyes smoldered. “I don’t have ‘all’ no men runnin’ through here! Charles the only one in here! I don’t know where you heard that lie!”
“Even having one man in here who isn’t your husband isn’t a good example, is it, Diane?”
The scarlet now colored Diane’s entire face. “It ain’t none of yo goddamn business what go on in my house, Madge! If I don’t let the welfare come in here tellin’ me what to do, damn if I’ma let you do it! The hell you think you is?”
Madge sighed wearily. “Diane, I didn’t come to argue. I just wanted to talk to you about those three girls, because there’s no telling what they’ll do to Tracy next time.”
“Those girls don’t mess wit’ Tracy all the time. She just got to learn how to stick up for herself and stop being so scared-a everything.”
“How is she not supposed to be afraid of three girls, Diane? That’s ridiculous, and you know it. And a girl shouldn’t have to live in a neighborhood where she has to defend herself every day!”
“And anyway, I watch Tracy!” insisted Diane, responding belatedly to an earlier accusation. “And it’s funny how yo ass, who cain’t even have a child, know all about how I ought to raise mine!”
The remark wounded Madge, silencing her. She had always wanted a baby but could never conceive, and Diane knew this. When Madge spoke again, her voice was subdued. “Diane, that’s not what I’m trying to do. You can be the best mother in the world but it’s still hard to raise a girl in the projects. That’s all I’m saying. And with Tracy getting beat up every week, I just thought we could figure out something to do about it.”
“Tracy don’t git beat up every week!” Diane declared defensively.
“A child’s getting beat up once a year is too much, Diane!” exclaimed Madge impatiently. “Now, I’m not saying MacDonald Park is a paradise, but it’s safer for Tracy there than here, and you know it. All we have to do is look at what happened to her being here just two days. It makes no sense!”
They fell silent. Diane refused to look at her sister across the room; Madge waited for Diane to announce an agreement. But she knew she waited in vain. Diane was ornery and uncooperative—that part of her had not changed. Madge examined her younger sister’s appearance just as she had done six months ago, when she returned home to the States and visited the apartment. Then, as now, she could not believe the deterioration. As children, Diane had possessed odd, clear, green eyes; plump cheeks and rosy lips; brassy red hair that was thick and crimped and reached her shoulder blades even without being hot-combed; and a complexion that always reminded Madge, in memory if not in reality, of the bright yellow surface of Mama’s banana pudding. Physical features that in 1960, when Diane was born, earned Madge’s baby sister immediate prestige in the Sullivan’s Negro household. Madge had resented her family for this display of favoritism, had not quite understood this aspect of her parents’ behavior, and she had disliked Diane for being the recipient of the partiality. Had disliked Diane, too, for her non-physical features: the tantrums Diane threw to get her way with Mother; the smooth way she had of lying, especially if the lie was designed to accuse Madge of some crime Diane had perpetrated; and the miraculous way she metamorphosed into sweetness whenever Daddy came around. As children, Madge was convinced that it was Diane’s physical features, her Caucasian attributes, that allowed her to get away with such antics. Now, these features were vestiges, like charred remnants of a once lovely mansion. Gone was the shiny little girl—for in Madge’s mind as a child, or at least in her memory as an adult, Diane as a girl was shiny, from her slick pomaded hair to the tip of her bathed nose to her black patent-leather shoes. The shining girl was gone now, replaced by a dull, weary, ravaged woman who stood on the other side of the room in a malodorous apartment in the projects, next to an ugly green sofa, a cloud of smoke swirling around her, the index and middle finger of one of her pale hands forming a V that held the burning culprit. The housecoat Diane wore was the color of Pepto Bismol; it had no buttons, trailed loose threads, and displayed the flap of a torn pocket. Underneath the pink coat was a lime pajama top the fabric of which, in some places, was sheer. Diane’s hair was brown and dull and brittle. Her lips were still full and pliant, but far from rosy; instead, they were gray from smoke and nicotine. Her cheeks were drawn stretches of dry skin, her complexion ashen and blemished. But Diane had retained the shapely little figure she was developing when Madge left the United States seventeen years before. The petite, sturdy, strong frame, small in the waist and shoulders, with nearly non-existent breasts, a high little shapely behind, and plump, well-formed calves—enviable legs, as if her ancestry had included East Asian, and not white American, blood. She still had that, at least.
Softened by remembrance and pity, Madge’s words were tactful, her manner gentle. “I’m not saying you’re not a good mother, Diane. I know you love Tracy. And I know you want what’s best for her. And since…well, since things are a little easier for me, with Ed, and my not having to work full time, I thought maybe she could…I could—”
“Lemme tell you sump’m, Madge,” interrupted Diane impatiently. “The only reason Tracy wit’ you is ’cause I got sick and tired of hearin’ her whine ’bout it every day. I ain’t do it for you! ’Cause far as I’m concerned, the best place for a chile is wit’ her mama. And as much as you like to think you Tracy mama, I’m Tracy mama and I know what’s best for her. And I say she gon’ be here every weekend, or else she’ll be here all the time!”
“No matter how dangerous it is.”
“That’s right!”
“Well,” agreed Madge with sarcasm, “you may be her mother.”
“Oh, I’m glad you reco’nize that!” began Diane victoriously, and then she caught her sister’s hint and became insulted. “And yeah, I’m her mother and yeah, I do know what’s best for her! Even though you never thought I did!”
“That’s not true—”
“Yeah, the hell it is! That’s why you always tried to take her from me!”
“Diane. I did want Tracy, yes. But I wasn’t trying to take her from you. You were young. Fourteen! Too young for that responsibility. I thought I was doing you a favor.”
“Favor? How the hell tryna take my chile doin’ me a favor? You fulla shit, Madge.”
“Can we talk without arguing, Diane?”
“I ain’t arguin’!”
“I just came to see if we could do something about what happened Sunday. Now, Tracy told me one of the girls is named Virginia Daggett. Do you know her?”
Diane refused to answer.
“I think we ought to press charges against her and the other two girls.”
“First of all, this ain’t no McDon’l Park, this Area Place. You don’t take out no warrant on nobody ’less you want them to take out a bullet on yo ass next time they see you.”
“Is that why Tracy didn’t want to call the police?”
“Second, this Tracy and my business. Let us handle it how we want to.”
“And so what does that mean, Diane? You’re not going to do anything about what happened?”
Diane sucked on the cigarette, blew out smoke, and looked at Madge in silence.
“You’re just going to let those girls get away with what they did to Trace—” Madge choked, gasped, coughed twice, and felt a stab of hatred for Diane’s smoking.
Diane took another drag and opened her mouth to release a ring of smoke. She succeeded in producing only a small white puff.
“You do that, Diane, and they’re just going to be encouraged to do more. The next time, they may put Tracy in the hospital. And let’s hope that’s the worst they do!”
“I already told you what’ll happen if you do sump’m, Madge. So just keep yo ass outta this and let Tracy and me handle it.”
“Until when, Diane? Until the girls have killed Tracy?”
“They ain’t gon’ kill Tracy.”
“They could! Children are crazy these days! Especially here! I’ve got a good mind to just call the police anyway.”
Something changed, and Madge sensed it immediately, although in the first milliseconds she mistakenly thought the change had occurred in the air between them. But then she realized the change had taken place inside the other woman in the room. A sudden change in mood and expression, too quick to be called a metamorphosis. Rather, it was a personality shift so abrupt as to be violent. A snapping. And evidence of it screamed behind the green eyes, screamed silently and blindly, and the pale face flushed pink and the strong little body flinched forward, then whirled away as if Diane suddenly remembered where she was, who she was, who she was about to confront.
Madge gasped and then felt a faint and familiar sensation that quickly grew in intensity—the feel of hundreds of pin pricks against her skin, and then a squeezing inside her chest, and then the awful breathlessness that had been her enemy, her frightful nemesis, for as long as she could remember being. And now it was here, suddenly, stirred first by the combustion of tobacco and then fully aroused by fear, a fear caused by the aborted burst of violence on the other side of the room. Hee-huh Hee-hunh heeee-hunh hee-hunh. The noise of her own ragged breathing sounded, in Madge’s ears, the way it always did. Like an alarm. Like frailty. Like death. And so her fingers flew to the metal latch of her purse, undid it, dug inside, and wrapped around the hard plastic shell, the aluminum cylinder that produced the mist that had saved her life more times than she could remember.
Hee-huh Heeee-hunh.
On the other side of the room, Diane watched in silence.
Heeee— Madge inserted the tiny round opening of the plastic shell into her mouth—pressed the pump trigger of the tiny can—felt the aerosol hit the back of her throat. The pricks of moisture. The odd taste. Salvation. For a moment the tightness around her chest remained and, as often occurred during the moments when she waited for the mist to take effect, panic flitted about in her stomach and gave her an unpleasant tickle of terror. But then—there it was, thank Jehovah—something slipped from around her lungs and her skin stopped pricking. Her breathing returned to normal and she bent forward, slightly, coughing, panting, her eyes watering. She blinked, dug into her purse for the handkerchief she always kept there, looked across the room at her sister.
Diane had watched the respiratory attack without moving away from the spot where she stood. Now that the episode was over, she lifted the burning cigarette to her lips, spewed a stream of smoke into the air out of the corner of her mouth, and asked, “You ah’ight?”
Madge did not answer. Instead, she looked at Diane the way she had done many times when they were children: with the compassion of one beholding, but unable to comprehend, unmitigated selfishness. For a moment, that is how they stood—Diane, defiant and smoking; Madge, troubled and fascinated. And then finally Madge sighed, slipped the aerosol can into her purse, tucked the leather purse beneath her arm, and turned to leave. Behind her, Diane’s voice gouged out a warning.
“Just remember what I said.”
Madge hesitated, looked back at the voice but not at the face that produced it.
“Keep yo ass out our business. ’Cause every time you try to handle sump’m you end up fuckin’ things up—you know how you is….”
Madge did not wait for the rest of the voice but went out the apartment door.
* * *
The sidewalk reflected the sun’s rays and cast a brightness that made Madge squint. Solar heat enveloped her and points of perspiration leapt to the surface of her toffee-colored skin. Inside, her emotions generated more heat—resentment and frustration. Left up to Diane, nothing would be done about what happened to Tracy. Nothing, unless she, Madge, did something herself. And she would have to, because what message would it send to Tracy if the child believed someone could beat her without penalty? Oh, yes, something would have to be done!
Madge reached the car, unlocked it, and worked her way behind the steering wheel. When she closed the door, a sheet of heat wafted from the dashboard and sealed a glossy mask of moisture against her face. Madge slipped the key into the ignition and started the car. She counted to five—Ed had told her years ago to do that before starting the car’s accessory units—then flipped the knob that turned on the Buick’s air-conditioning system. She gripped the steering wheel, closed her eyes briefly, and let the Freon-cold breeze blow across her face. When she opened her eyes, she looked out the passenger window, at the front door of Diane’s apartment, and then gazed through the windshield, at the stretch of Haines Avenue. What could she do? Calling the police was the logical solution, but how helpful would that be when she had not witnessed the attack herself and the eyewitness, the victim, did not want to press charges? Ed had said to stay out of it and let Diane and Tracy handle the matter. Diane had just said the same thing. Was everybody crazy? Or was she the only one? No—they were worldly people. Worldly, and so their thinking was maladjusted—even Ed’s, though he had been married to her long enough to have obtained a modicum of Jehovah’s thinking. But on this matter with Tracy, even he was being as stupid as Diane. Madge pinched her lips together with resolve. But she was Tracy’s guardian more than Diane was, and so it was left up to her to do something about what had happened. This was, after all, twentieth-century Atlanta, not the nineteen-century Wild West, and there were channels through which one could go to deal with problems like this. If not the police, then a lawyer.
Madge tilted down the rearview mirror to see the damage the asthma attack and sun had caused to her makeup. Immediately, she removed from her pocketbook an eyebrow pencil, lipstick tube, and tiny sponge, and she blotted the sheen of perspiration from her foundation before retracing her lips and eyelids. Satisfied with the repair job, she put away the items, restored the mirror’s angle, and put the Buick in gear, proceeding carefully down Haines Avenue. She always drove slower than the speed limit required, she knew this. Drive like an old lady, Ed teased, but he said it without meanness. But he would think so—he rammed his way through traffic and, whenever she rode with him, always left her with jumpy nerves. He had laughed at her fear once, hurting her feelings because he said it was ridiculous that a woman her size scared so easily. But she couldn’t help it—she had always frightened easily, had always felt fragile when facing anger or threat, ever since her hormones dried up at twenty-five and even before then, because her frail respiratory system had been in place from infancy to remind her that death was never far away. Which meant that Ed’s driving, and Diane’s sharp words, and anything else over which she had no control easily upset Madge’s nerves. And when her nerves were on edge, she didn’t always handle things well, didn’t always act with sound judgment.
Which is why she should have kept driving.
When she saw them standing at the playground, Madge Porter should have continued on and passed them by, without stopping. But there was something about them that instantly struck a chord within her, and she knew who they were. Besides, there were three of them.
Madge pulled the luxury car over to the curb and stopped. They were sitting on the swings several yards away, talking lazily, smoking. They glanced at her car and then paid it no attention, and she watched them dubiously through the glass of the passenger window. They certainly looked like troublemakers—for one thing, two of them seemed to be of high-school age but were not in school, and one drank from a beer can. But what if she were wrong? This was a large housing project, after all, and what were the chances of her running into the same three girls who beat up Tracy just because she happened to be thinking about them? Madge gripped the steering wheel tightly, debated, then tapped the horn twice to get the girls’ attention. They looked at her. She did not get out but waved once, awkwardly, in affirmation. The girls looked away.
Madge pursed her lips and tapped her fingers on the wheel. Foolish of her to expect them to come running up to the car of a stranger. Who did she think they were? Young Witnesses, who trusted most people because they had no reason to fear those close to them? Madge smiled at her own naïveté and with a thrust of boldness turned off the car, removed the keys, and got out. Even if these were not the right three girls, perhaps they knew Miss Virginia Daggett and would deliver a message to her from Tracy Sullivan’s family.
The youths saw her walking toward them and stiffened with rebellion at the sight of an adult approaching them in their delinquency. They looked away from Madge with affected disdain and continued smoking. As she neared them, it occurred to Madge that the girls were ignoring her in a manner like that of people she approached in the field ministry. She found this amusing. Perhaps she reminded them of the Witnesses who strolled through their neighborhood during Saturday-morning field service, offering The Watchtower and Awake! magazines. Well, she would give them just what they feared. She produced a practiced I’m-preaching-so-I-must-look-pleasant smile and boldly strode into their presence. Her greeting was cheerful.
“Hi! How are you young ladies doing today?”
The three glanced at her again before looking away. All held burning cigarettes in their lips or fingers, and Madge wondered if the cigarettes had been intended for Diane. The skinniest of the girls, Madge noticed, studied the ground; the one who looked like a bulldog seemed very interested in the sky. The tallest, a long-limbed manly girl, sat in a swing and stared coldly out at a nearby basketball court, but she seemed to give Madge the most attention, so Madge’s preaching instincts told her to direct her words at the third girl.
“I was looking for a young lady and was wondering if any of you knew her.”
They were silent.
“Does one of you know a Virginia Daggett?”
The skinny one and the bulldog glanced at the Man, who lifted an eyebrow and rested her eyes briefly on Madge.
“Who wants to know?”
“I do. I’m Tracy Sullivan’s aunt.”
Madge expected a reaction but they merely stared at her with guarded expressions. She realized she was either talking to friends of Virginia Daggett, or else one of the girls sitting before her was the culprit she was seeking.
“Do any of you know her?” Impatience colored Madge’s voice. She wasn’t used to dealing with rude people, especially hoodlum girls. She hated this aspect of returning to the United States, because even the worldly children overseas had behaved deferentially in the presence of adults.
The tall girl fastened a look on Madge and demanded, “Why?”
Madge realized she was talking to Virginia Daggett.
“I wanted to let her know that I’m aware of what she did to my niece and that if she ever touches her again, I’ll call the police. The only reason I didn’t call the authorities this time is because Tracy and her mother didn’t want me to.”
She had watched them as she was speaking. Watched their faces crinkle with confusion. Watched the confusion become tainted with anger by the time she had finished speaking. The actors!
Virginia inclined her head as if bewildered. “Lady,” she said, “I don’t know what the hell you talking about.”
“You know what I’m talking about,” Madge replied. “My niece’s whole face is swollen right now. And she’s got a black eye! She had to stay home from school today. Now I know you young people can find something better to do with your time than ganging up on someone for a pack of cigarettes! For one thing, you should be in school!” Madge heard her own voice in her ears, heard the anger, knew she had said too much—these were, after all, girls from the projects. Women, in fact, and quite capable of causing damage to a person’s body. Which is why she decided to end the encounter as quickly as possible.
Virginia Daggett lifted herself out of the swing and stood.
Madge gasped. Despite her own height and heels, she nearly had to look up at Virginia Daggett. Fluttering occurred in Madge’s chest but she refused to look away from the menacing youth.
“Look, lady, I don’t know who you are but you don’t know what the hell you talking about. We ain’t touch your niece!” Virginia said.
Madge’s mind went to her lungs, searching for breath—found it—and continued studying the girl. She could see why Tracy was afraid of Virginia Daggett. She wasn’t a girl but was a grown woman who was built like a rangy man—powerful long limbs and large hands and feet and a masculine jaw line. Her eyes were lucid mirrors of gray, and they were positioned close together and tilted upwards at the outer corners, like Brother Selwyn Touré’s, a Senegalese Witness Madge had known in Germany. But far from being dark, as Brother Touré had been, Virginia Daggett was the color of talc. And right now, her face was set with stubbornness, which told Madge that neither Virginia nor her friends were going to confess to the beating. But that was okay. She had made her point and now it was time to carefully back out of the situation.
“I just wanted to let you know that I knew what happened. If I’m wrong in accusing you, th-then I’m sorry. But if not, then I would appreciate it if you would not touch my niece anymore.” Madge started to turn away but felt the need to add: “And just so you’ll know: Tracy doesn’t know I’m talking to you. She asked me not to say anything to you. So you don’t have to be angry at her.”
Madge was grateful—none of them stepped forward to attack her. Instead, they were looking at one another with what looked like disbelief. This gave Madge the moment she needed to walk away, which she did, briskly. She glanced back; her chest fell with relief when she saw that they were still standing where she had left them. Despite this, she continued to expect the hoods to run up and thrust a knife into her back, or to pull out a gun and shoot her for daring to reprimand them. But no such thing happened, and Madgelyn Porter, convinced that she had done a necessary and righteous deed, unlocked the door of her polished burgundy Buick, positioned herself behind the steering wheel, and drove away from the despised realm of Ariel Place.
She did not hear the threats made against her niece by the three girls on the swings.


Chapter Twenty-Seven
REJECTED GESTURE
Grace Gresham-Nelson re-scanned the sea of adolescent faces scattered before her on the bleachers. She was right: Tracy Sullivan had not shown up for tryouts. Grace glanced at her watch. Two minutes to four. She nipped the inside of her mouth with her teeth and was thoughtful. Sullivan had also not been in class sixth period and, it turned out, had been absent altogether from school today. Grace ran her fingers through her hair and sighed. Was Sullivan sick? Had something horrible happened to her over the holiday weekend? Probably not, or Herbert would have announced it this morning. So where was the girl? Grace pursed her lips and felt anger biting at the edges of her composure. She had made it clear to Sullivan on Friday that a student had to attend every day of tryouts in order to be considered for the team. Had gone against her custom to give the girl a personal invitation! So where the hell was she?
Grace drummed her fingers on the table-desk, looked in the direction of the main gym doors. No tall pretty girl striding across the floor, late and dressed in an abominably yellow shirt. Grace felt tension in the back of her neck and squeezed it. Tension!—when she had just that morning enjoyed the hour-long pampering of Avadel’s therapeutic fingers. The weekly massage, which she left campus to receive, always left her feeling wonderfully disembodied and relaxed for at least two days. But now, not even five hours later—tightness! It was this child, this Tracy Sullivan, who had caused it. Grace glanced at her watch again and noted with regret that it was, indeed, four o’clock. Damn. Bound by her own law. Grace looked at the first row of bleachers, where six females of college age sat, watching her with the confidence that comes with familiarity. “Sarah,” she called to one of them. “Go lock the door, please.”
A six-foot-five-inch Caucasian girl with a lanky body and blonde hair unfolded from the bleachers to obey the order. Grace regarded the girl briefly. Sarah Trendenburg, from the first season, and the best player she had ever coached. Grace looked at three of the girls Sarah left behind. Gail Neal, Tamara Jones, and Nikki Justin, also former Beck players and current college athletes who had dedicated themselves to her service between the hours of four and seven p.m. this week. All four girls had endured three years of the Grace Method and so understood what her tryouts entailed. When she had contacted them by phone this summer, all readily agreed to act as trainers during tryouts week—would consider it an honor, each said. And though all insisted they didn’t want payment for the services, she insisted on offering her standard fee: four hundred dollars to each at the end of the week. She knew they could use the money. Neal and Jones were freshmen at Georgia Tech; Justin was a sophomore at Georgia State; Trendenburg was a junior at UGA.
Grace’s attention shifted from the four trainers to a couple that also sat on the first row, Ronnie Richardson and Monica Martin, the best friends who seemed always to enjoy each other even though they were as different as mud wrestling and ice skating. Ronnie was slender and quiet and gentle, and laughed appreciably at anyone’s humor, while Monica was plump and loud and bold, and offered numerous opportunities for laughter. Like the four trainers, Ronnie and Monica were Beck alumnae, but they were now also part-time employees of the school. Neither were athletes but had always been content to serve in supportive roles in the athletic department—Monica especially in administrative matters, and Ronnie in the role of mother hen. Both were seniors at Spelman College, and while Monica majored in business administration, Ronnie was a music major who played the violin. Each was efficient and readily obeyed orders, and Grace was not sure how she would have gotten along without their assistance.
Also seated on the bottom row of the bleachers was another pair, Evelyn Dent and Patricia Butler, and Grace noticed that, in keeping with their status as underlings, they were careful not to sit abruptly next to the older college girls. Instead, the space of a body or two separated the two high-school seniors from the six collegians. It pleased Grace to see Dent and Pat together, for she had plans for them. Dent had served effectively as co-captain last year, so Grace planned to make her lead captain this year. Dent didn’t have Pat’s flair and articulation, but she had a good attitude and people respected her. She also listened to directions, was open to criticism, and kept a level head during tense moments. And despite her awkward proportions and large frame she was an agile, quick-moving player who made shrewd passes and reliable shots. The girls on last year’s team sometimes looked to Dent, then a junior, when they wanted an arbiter, so making her captain this year would be a wise move. If she passed tryouts. Summer vacation had a strange way of altering a player’s ability, Grace had learned, and so she never made a final decision about anyone until she had seen a performance during tryouts. Right now, Dent slouched on the bleachers and, black eyes twinkling with amusement, leaned over and whispered something into Pat’s ear. Pat laughed quietly. She did not have, as Dent did not, the petite and delicate features Grace had once envisioned for her Dream Team, but instead Pat possessed thick hips and thighs, eyes that bulged slightly from their sockets, and full lips. But she was a stylish dresser, always well-groomed, and exuded confidence, and these assets helped make her attractive. Pat would be co-captain this year, if she survived tryouts, and so it was important that she and Dent got along. Evidence from years past, as well as their behavior right now, suggested that they would. Besides, while Pat could hardly be called nonchalant, she was nevertheless an easy person to work with. She was at once as earthy and approachable as a caring big sister and as shrewd and sharp-tongued as a street woman. Often, it was Pat’s wit that had kept them laughing during tough moments last year. Yes, if Pat proved herself this week, she would assist Dent in leading the 1990-91 Lady Lions to another national championship.
Championship.
Grace glanced at the main doors. Too late to still hope for Tracy Sullivan.
She quickly scanned the rest of the girls sitting on the bleachers. Yes, there they were. The seniors Sandra Butler and Toni Christian, and the juniors Wanda Carver, Karla Head, Deidre Lowry and Dana McGavin, the other six players from last season who had returned this year. Altogether, she guessed there were forty girls who had shown up to try out, all with faces she recognized from past and current classes. Staring at her hopefully and exhibiting silent obedience, as if deference would influence her decision to choose them. But what had happened to Tracy Sullivan?
Sarah Trendenburg returned to the bleachers, having locked the entry doors, and folded her gangling frame onto the wooden perch. Grace thanked her and walked out from behind the table-desk to stand before the bleachers. A rush of energy swept through her body and left her encouraged. This was good. Dent, Pat. Great support from Sarah and the others. She, feeling confident that she looked the part. That morning at home, she had selected crimson sweat pants, a jet-black sweatshirt and, of course, bright white tennis shoes, because the colors startled and intimidated—the colors of the Third Reich. During tryouts in the past, when her hair was black and bone-straight, she would use styling gel to slick it back into a tight ponytail because it gave her a grim, severe look. Now, because of Eugène’s wavy tresses, the most she could do was push the hair away from her face with a red headband. She wore no lipstick, and around her neck was Tip’s shiny aluminum whistle on a beaded chain. In her hand was Tip’s black rod. She would swing it by her side and slap it against her palm as she lectured. Some, but not all, of the girls would recognize that what she was about to say was a variation of a speech she had created and committed to memory three seasons ago.
“We are here today for one purpose: to give you a chance to prove to me that you are worthy of being a member of my ball team. That is not an easy thing to do. Ask any of the girls who played for me last year, and they will tell you I expect the best. That is a standard by which I lived when I played ball for the U.S. Team and when I ran in the Olympics, and it is a standard I impose upon anyone I coach.”
Grace hesitated long enough to listen for sounds of someone knocking at the gym doors. There were none. That damn Sullivan would probably try to come straggling in, late and full of excuses. Or, worse: Full of no excuses because she would be too tongue-tied to speak.
“I’m sure all of you know that my basketball girls have had an absolutely perfect record, not a single loss at the local and regional levels, for the past three years. There is no other athletic organization in the country—boys or girls, high-school, college or NBA—that can say that. Beck is the only one. On top of that, we’ve been national champions two years in a row, and I fully intend to make it three. So if you are allowed to play for me, you will become part of a history-making organization. But such a distinction does not come easy. It takes hard work. It takes coming to practice on Saturdays for a month-and-a-half. So if you have a problem with that—if for any reason you know you can’t attend Saturday sessions—you should speak up now.”
She hesitated. No one moved. Apparently, no committed Seventh-day Adventists in the bunch.
“Now, you have three days to show me what you’re made of, and everyone is held to the same standard. If you played ball for me before, that gives you no advantage here. All of you must prove yourselves these three days. Does everyone understand that?”
“Yes, ma’am!” they said.
She hesitated. Even if Sullivan did come, she could not let the girl in because it was after four. That had been her policy since she came to Beck—absolutely no one is admitted into tryouts after four—and she could not change it now. Not even for someone she suspected was a winner.
“I also expect you to dress appropriately. If you read the signs that were posted in the corridors last week, you should be meeting that standard right now. Believe it or not, I once had a girl come in wearing heels and dress slacks—she thought the first day of tryouts did not include physical activity. So: Sneakers. Shorts. A comfortable shirt. I want you to be able to move. I see some of you have on the P.E. uniforms, and that’s fine. It’s not required during my tryouts, but it’s fine.”
Grace paused. What was the next part of this goddamn speech? Oh, yes—the vests. She walked back to her table and picked up two thin cotton vests, one burgundy, the other beige. Grace slipped her forearms through the armholes of the vests and held her arms out to her sides, so that she looked like a fashionable scarecrow, with a garment hanging from each arm. On the back of each vest, plainly visible to the audience, was a large white latex number that had been seared into the fabric.
“There are sixty of these vests, each with its own number, and they are very important. They will be your identity for the next three days. Which means you will wear the same vest, the same number, all three days. When I note your performances today and the rest of the week, I am not going to be looking at faces or names—just at the number you are wearing on your back. And when I decide who has made the team, it will be your numbers that I will post on the bulletin board at the main entrance of this building. So what that means is you must choose the same vest every day that you choose today. Write your name and vest number on this sheet of paper on my desk, and the trainers will verify your selection. Is that understood?”
“Yes, ma’am!” they said.
She placed the beige vest on the table, kept the burgundy one, and ordered, “Wanda Carver, come here!”
From the midst of the girls rose Wanda, five-feet-zero-inches of mischief and wisecracks. A likeable little person, but of all the returning Grace Girls, Grace felt Wanda least fit the ideal of the type of athlete Grace wanted to bear her name. A raging tomboy, pigeon-toed and hyperactive, Wanda wore her hair in a short dry afro and was always winded and exhilarated and disheveled, like a little boy at the end of an adventurous day. Grace had mixed emotions about this latter quality of Wanda’s, for although she knew Wanda lived with four brothers and a father—and no mother—and so was understandably boyish, Grace’s secret aversion to masculine females made her reluctant to place any on her team, and certainly not at the forefront, where it looked like Wanda might end up this year. And then there was the blemish. A beige splotch around Wanda’s right eye. A birthmark. A defect. It had shocked Grace the first time she saw it, but gradually its presence became less of a distraction and even, oddly, contributed to the little girl’s charm—as did Wanda’s athletic ability. Besides being a tireless sprinter, Wanda made better steals than anyone else on last year’s team. And when she was hot she could nail a shot from anywhere on court. But only when she was hot. For that reason—and for the fact that Grace sincerely wanted a completely girlish starting line-up—she planned to make Wanda starting shooting guard only if she didn’t discover someone better suited for the position.
Tracy might have been better suited. Damn it.
Grace focused on the activity at hand. As Wanda descended the bleachers, she recoiled out of the reach of someone who threw her a playful congratulatory hit on the arm—congratulations, Grace understood, for having been singled out by Miz Grace. Seconds later, Wanda stood beside the table-desk, little chest heaving with expectation. Grace held the vest in a manner that indicated she wanted the girl to put it on. “Hold out your arm,” she instructed.
Wanda obeyed, slipping an arm into the proper opening and allowing the coach to place the garment on her little body. The loose-fitting vest was secured in front by two cloth strips. Like a mother dressing a child, Grace bent forward to tie the strips into a knot. In doing so, her knuckles brushed against the abdomen of the teen. She rarely touched a student, or stood as close to one as she was to Wanda at that moment, so a current of awareness passed between her and the girl. The acknowledgment said, We both know I’m giving you a privilege. Wanda blushed and Grace almost smiled; she knew Wanda had what Wanda thought was a secret crush on Miz Grace. When the knot was tied, Grace grabbed Wanda lightly by the shoulders and urged her to face the audience.
“You are to wear the vests this way, tied securely, but please undo the knots at the end of the day—don’t just slip the vests off over your heads and leave them for the trainers to untie.” Grace again touched Wanda’s shoulders and urged, “Turn around, please.”
Wanda obeyed, standing with her back to the audience and trying not to break into laughter.
“As I said earlier, the vests have numbers, so do wear one if you want your efforts to go noticed and noted. They are light and made of a breathable fabric, so you should not get hot wearing them. And don’t worry—if they need it, we will have them laundered before the next session.”
Grace hesitated. The demonstration was clearly over but Wanda remained standing with her back to the audience. Some of the girls in the audience snickered, then laughed outright when Grace looked at Wanda with an expression loaded with expectancy. A glimpse of Wanda’s profile told Grace the playful Grace Girl knew what she was doing. “Carver, sit down,” Grace ordered, trying to sound annoyed even though she also found the girl’s actions amusing. More laughs, and Wanda obeyed. “Thank you for your help,” Grace said, to which Wanda glanced back and touched her forehead comically in a salute that meant, Not a problem. More giggles, and then the room grew quiet as Grace stepped back into gravity. She remembered the final part of her speech and delivered it.
“Now, today I will assess your strength and agility. That means you will perform a variety of calisthenics, movements, and repetitions using weights. Tomorrow, I will test your endurance, so you will run a great deal and engage in a cardiovascular workout. Also on tomorrow and Thursday—for those of you who haven’t dropped out by then—I will assess your ability to do what you think you already know how to do: play basketball. Now, let’s get to work.”
* * *
“Well! You’re awake! How do you feel?”
“Bad.”
“I’m sorry, baby. I’ll give you another painkiller. It’s time, anyway.”
“I ain’t talking about that kinda bad.” Tracy pouted. “I’m talking about I shoulda been at tryouts today.”
“We’ve already talked about that, Tracy. And you know there was no way I was going to let you go with your face in that condition.”
“But Miz Grace said—”
“I know. You told me. You can’t miss a day—”
“Or you can’t try out!”
“She’ll understand why you couldn’t make it, Tracy. Nobody’s that unreasonable.”
“She is! That’s what the students say! Told you she gotta lotta rules!”
“Well, I’ve got rules, too. And mine say that what is best for you is what is most important to me.”
“Well, your rules might keep me from being on the basketball team.” Tracy folded her arms and sulked.
Madge sat on the bed beside the girl and sighed apologetically. “What if I call Miss Grace tomorrow and explain what happened?”
The teen’s defiance softened. “What you gon’ say?”
“The same thing you should say if anybody asks what happened. That you were mugged.”
Tracy frowned skeptically. Mugged was not an Area Place word. “Miz Grace don’t care about that.”
“Of course she does. She’s got a heart. She probably just doesn’t want you students to think so. But I’ll talk to her.”
Tracy sighed, relieved but not convinced her aunt could subvert the coach’s rule.
“Anyway, while you were asleep, I went to see your mother.”
Tracy’s expression darkened into a frown. “What she say?”
“That she wasn’t going to do anything to those girls who hurt you!”
Tracy stared at the bedcover.
“Well, there was no way I was going to do that.”
Tracy looked up at her aunt with sharp curiosity. “What you do?”
“I passed the playground and saw three girls…”
Tracy gasped.
“….and something just told me who they were. I went up to them and I was right. It was Virginia Daggett and her two friends.”
“What!”
“I was surprised, too. Talk about coincidence. But I didn’t carry on a scene. I just had a little talk with them.”
“Talk? What you say?”
“That I knew what they had done to you and that if it happens again I will call the police. Don’t worry, I let them know you didn’t have anything to do with it. That you had even told me not to say anything.”
“And what they say?”
“Tried to pretend they were innocent! The crooks! I’m not used to girls like that. When we were coming up, females had respect for themselves. You didn’t see them going around acting like boys, playing hooky and such. And if you did, people considered them strange. Now they seem to be the norm.”
“Aun’ Madge, you shouldn’t-na said nothing to them….”
“Tracy, there was no way I was going to not say something, after what they did to you.”
“Aun’ Madge, you shouldn’t-na…!” Tracy covered her face, groaned, dropped her hands, gave up. “It’s ah’right, okay? Forget it.”
Madge hesitated. Her assuredness turned into doubt. “What? You think they’ll try to retaliate? I did tell them I was acting without your permission.”
“It’s ah’right.”
“Are you sh—”
“Can I just go back to sleep now?”
“You just woke up.”
“I don’t care. I wanna go back to sleep.”
“Well, don’t you want something to eat first? I made your fave—”
“No.”
“Can I get you something to dr—”
“No. I just wanna go back to sleep. Please?”
Madge reached forward to lay a palm on Tracy’s forehead. “Well, let me just check your temp—”
The girl gently blocked the contact at the wrist. “It’s ah’right,” she repeated, which meant, Don’t touch me, I’m okay.
The two looked at each other—the aunt with surprise, the niece with embarrassment. The blocked gesture of affection was the first action of its kind between them.
“Alright, then,” Madge said softly. She got up from the mattress, her feelings hurt. “I’ll let you sleep. But call me if you need anything.”


Chapter Twenty-Eight
A CHANGE OF PLANS
Tracy walked to one of the changing stalls and disappeared behind the opaque glass door. Inside, she sighed with relief. No more staring eyes. No more questions. She undid her belt buckle and unzipped her khaki pants. In every class today, a teacher and at least one student had asked why she had a black eye and newly split lip—some assumed she had been in a car accident. Warm with embarrassment, she had managed to repeat what Aunt Madge told her to say. Some girls mugged me when I went to the store for my mother. Her answer received gasps and expressions of shock—Wow! A mugging!—and then the inevitable question: Where did that happen? Her face had grown warmer then—Aunt Madge hadn’t prepared her for that question—and each time, she lowered her head and muttered, “In my old neighborhood.” And then, when pressed: “Area Place.” And right away, each time, the sympathy turned into a curious, “Oh,” while the eyes said, Oh—the projects. Well, no wonder.
The tardy bell rang.
“Alright now!” someone, maybe tall Toni, urged playfully. “Step it up, step it up! Y’all got ten minutes!”
Tracy hurriedly reached down and pulled off her loafers, then slid off her slacks. She had felt self-conscious all day because of her face—not just because of her wounds but also because of the makeup. Aunt Madge, a Mary Kay representative, had applied a brown cream and then something powdery to cover the purplish bruise on her cheek. Tracy had hated the application, not only because she had never worn makeup before and wearing it made her feel clownish, but also because she hadn’t wanted Aunt Madge’s fingers touching her face. Not this morning. She was still mad at her aunt for talking to Jinya Daggett on yesterday—for creating a problem Tracy found frightening even to ponder.
But now, she pondered another problem, one that had worried her all day. Miz Grace. And tryouts. The P.E. shorts were on now, and Tracy undid the buttons of her burgundy shirtwaist. Dent and Pat, whom she had seen in the corridor before third period, said that they had never known Miz Grace to make an exception for someone who missed a day of tryouts. And little Wanda Carver a few moments ago had confirmed the same thing. They all seemed to know what they were talking about, and all day long, Tracy’s stomach had wrinkled so much with worry that she had not eaten lunch. But there was no way she could miss the chance to play basketball for Miz Grace—for Jazz Nelson’s wife. Besides, Miz Grace herself had asked her to try out, and didn’t that mean anything? Tracy thought about Friday, when Miz Grace summoned her after class. The woman had been serious about her offer—even more serious about her rule. You’ve got to attend all three days in order to be considered for the team. The P.E. shirt was on now, and Tracy sat on the stall bench to pull on her sneakers. Yes—Miz Grace was serious, but would she make an exception this time? If Aunt Madge had phoned the school this morning, as she had promised to do, then by now Miz Grace knew why Tracy had missed tryouts. And shouldn’t that make a difference? Tracy stood, ready. She picked up the clothes she had shed, walked back to her locker, placed her belongings inside, and took a deep breath. It was time.
* * *
Grace sat at the desk in her office, lights off, fingertips falling rhythmically, slowly, upon the glass shield of her polished cherry-wood desktop.
Sullivan had come to school today.
Grace knew, because she called the guidance office that morning to find out if the girl had been present in homeroom, and shortly thereafter she received a phone call from Sullivan’s aunt. Grace thought of the call, which she had received six hours earlier, and still had mixed emotions about it.
Gresham-Nelson.
Uh, yes, hi, this is Madgelyn Porter, Tracy Sullivan’s aunt. And guardian. Is this…?
Grace Gresham-Nelson.
Yes, hi!
How may I help you?
I was calling to explain why Tracy was not in school yesterday. I…understand she missed your auditions.
My tryouts. Yes.
Well, I just wanted to explain why she was absent. She…ran into a little trouble over the weekend.
Trouble?
Yes. Tracy lives with my husband and me here in MacDonald Park, but she goes home to her mother on the weekends. Downtown, in Ariel Place Projects. Well, on Saturday there were some girls there who…decided to take something Tracy had bought from the store. And they beat her.
The news had alarmed Grace but to the aunt she expressed guarded concern.
Oh, no. How badly?
They split her lip and bruised her jaw. It was so swollen at first I thought it was broken!
Did she require stitches?
Grace held her breath as she waited for the aunt’s response; mandibular stitches would disqualify Tracy from physical activity.
No, she didn’t need those.
Grace exhaled.
But I did have her on strong painkillers that made her sleep. But that didn’t stop her from carrying on over your tryouts! She kept going on about it! Just killing herself worrying!
The aunt chuckled. Grace was silent.
She is in school today, and she was hoping it isn’t too late to still try for your team.
Grace had the strange sense she was suffocating and so she said something she hoped would quickly end the phone conversation.
I’m afraid it is.
Grace heard the aunt’s gasp on the other end of the phone.
Really? Oh, no! She’ll be so disappointed.
I understand that, Mrs. Porter. I was disappointed yesterday, because I really wanted Tracy there. But the rules of my program don’t allow students to miss a day of tryouts. And I make no exceptions for that rule. Grace heard the unrelenting voice coming from her mouth. It was that of The Coach, and she was grateful that the stern persona had shown up at that moment, when she needed it.
Well, I…I mean, does it matter that she couldn’t make it? the aunt tried carefully.
Doesn’t matter.
Oh, lamented the aunt in an odd, puzzled manner.
Grace ignored the distress in the other woman’s voice and crisply concluded the conversation. I’m glad Tracy’s better, though, and here today. I look forward to seeing her in class. Thank you for calling, Mrs. Porter.
Alright…
Good-bye.
Bye…
Grace had hung up and felt shrunken in her middle. She had been rude to Sullivan’s aunt, she knew this, but the conversation had begun to feel like something Grace hated: the manipulating interrogation of pushy journalists. Naturally, the aunt wanted to know if Tracy could try out today—naturally, she was concerned. But Grace didn’t like feeling pressured by anyone, especially other adults, into making decisions. She resented being asked to deviate from a plan or routine she had set for herself—resented such coercion and rebelled against it by being evasive and curt and, when that did not work, exhibiting a dose of silencing sarcasm.
Now, seated at her desk six hours after the awkward phone conversation, Grace sighed, raked her soft hair with her fingers, and stared across the room thoughtfully. Of course she wanted the same thing the aunt wanted, of course she wanted Sullivan to try out for the team, but if Sullivan entered the gym in a few moments without a face full of dreadful bruises, the girl would not be able to try out this year. Everyone at Beck knew the rule. “If you aren’t dead or near death, then you have no excuse for missing tryouts,” she announced to a group one year.
The fifth-period dismissal bell rang.
Of course, she knew she didn’t mean it. She would excuse a girl for lesser reasons—a death in the family, for instance, or involvement in a car accident, or some other insurmountable obstacle. But she had never confessed this to any of the students, for she wanted them to regard her tryouts and, indeed, her entire athletic program with more respect than they did anything else in their young lives. And she believed they did. Not since the first and second seasons had she dealt with the problem of someone’s missing tryouts. There were several the first year, in ’86. The one girl—what was her name?—who missed the first day because she said she’d had a cold. And Angelique McAfee, who had sat out her sophomore season because her family’s Labor Day vacation lasted two days longer than planned. And the worst decision—excusing Lauren Eldridge in ’87, a senior returning player who missed the third day of practice because she “didn’t feel like coming.” Losing Eldridge could have hurt the team that year, but Sarah Trendenburg and another senior, Kendra Hall, had made up for the loss. Besides, at that time, early in her coaching career, it was more important to Grace to establish the seriousness of her rules than it was to preserve a good player. Since Eldridge, Grace’s reputation had become so confirmed at Beck that virtually no one dared to challenge her rules. Each year, new prospects showed up in great numbers on the first day. Several had dropped out by the third day, but no one who had missed the previous day dared to show up on day three. Because they all knew the Rule.
All except Tracy Sullivan—and her aunt.
But the two of them would learn. If Sullivan didn’t appear badly bruised today, both she and her aunt would learn what everyone else at Beck already knew: that Grace Gresham had a program, a method, a system for running things, and that no one forced her to deviate from her pattern or break her own laws.
Grace stood.
She walked to the interior window in her office, stood behind the one-way glass, and watched the sixth-period girls spill into the sports complex. She braced herself for Sullivan’s entry. She had looked forward to it all day, for she knew that if Sullivan looked like an injured victim—if her appearance somehow justified her absence from school on yesterday—then maybe Grace might have a reason to allow the girl to try out today.
Grace gasped. Because there she was, strolling in, long legs and arms in working order. Grace watched keenly, her heart pounding, as Tracy traveled across the floor below, headed in Grace’s direction, and then Grace sighed with disappointment because—no, there were no signs of trauma on the girl’s body, no casts or crutches or slings, not even a bandage on her face. The sight felt like a blow to Grace—a blow, because it, and not her own compassion, had become the factor determining the shape of this year’s team.
Grace turned away from the window. “Damn it,” she whispered angrily. And then, slowly, her anger softened into reasoning. Was it so important, really, that she follow the rule this time? The rules? Was it necessary that she maintain that part of her reputation? In fact, hadn’t she already done enough over the years to firmly establish her rep? Maybe. Maybe, but it went beyond that—went beyond preserving an image. As Grace, she had always respected the rules of Miz Grace. For three years she had done that, and for three years she had not lost a single regular-season ball game. So some part of her, the athlete who clung to superstition, believed it was her strict allegiance to Miz Grace’s rules that had given her the three-year winning streak. So she had to obey the rule today. Even if, ironically, it meant excluding a child who could bring her another championship.
* * *
The knocks on the office door were timid, but Grace flinched as if they were hammer blows. She stood, took a deep breath, felt fluttering in her belly, strode to the door, pulled it open just enough for her body to fill the opening. She affected an air of annoyance not only because it was taboo at Beck for a student to visit Miz Grace in her office, but also because she suspected, even before she opened the door, who the knocker would be.
Tracy Sullivan stood in the hall outside the door, a few feet away from the threshold, as if aware that her presence was a violation and so afraid to stand too close. Grace blinked, startled by what she saw on the girl’s face. A black eye. A split and swollen bottom lip. And beneath a thin veneer of makeup, a discoloration on the girl’s left cheek. Grace almost smiled—Sullivan was visibly injured, after all! Because of the inner smile and secret satisfaction, when Grace spoke she was surprised to hear The Coach’s voice come forth.
“Yes?”
Tracy opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out.
“What do you want, Sullivan?”
Tracy bowed her head. “D-Did my aunt call you?”
“Yes, she did.”
The girl hesitated, uncertain, before continuing. “Well, I was...wanted to know if…I could come to tryouts today.”
Grace wanted to say yes, knew she now had reason to say yes, but something—an unwillingness to concede so quickly, or The Coach’s stubbornness, or some playful part of Grace—she wasn’t sure what it was, but something made her open her mouth and give a firm and simple denial.
“No.”
Surprise flickered across Tracy’s eyes and the girl’s good cheek flushed.
At that moment, Coach Julia and Nan Vinson, the dance instructor, emerged from Julia’s office and floated by. For them especially, Grace said, “I was very clear about the rule, Sullivan: All days of tryouts, or you have no chance of being considered for the team.” Julia and Nan pretended not to hear their boss’s conversation but passed the elevator and walked to the end of the hall, to take the stairway to the ground floor. Grace was quite aware of them but focused her gaze on the youth standing before her.
Tracy gazed a moment without speaking. Grace stared back. Large brown eyes, long pretty lashes. Then the eyes grew pink and the girl blinked rapidly and looked away. “Yes, ma’am,” she said softly. “Thank you.” She turned away and began heading down the hall.
Grace stepped back, closed the door of her office, and stood in the dark room with her hand resting on the doorknob. She felt a mangled mass of emotions. She had hurt the girl’s feelings, had upheld her own law, and for the sake of what? Making a point? Proving that she was the Great Unchangeable Miz Grace? Why had she not just said, Yes, Sullivan, you may try out today, when she knew the girl had a valid reason for missing tryouts and had the injuries to prove it? Grace was not sure, and this feeling of uncertainty disturbed her; she was not used to not sure. And had she been serious a moment ago, at the door, or was she simply playing a stalling game with the child? She, Grace, definitely wanted to let the girl try out, but she was not sure about her, Miz Grace, The Coach.
Suddenly, Grace realized the train of her thoughts—she, her, Grace, Miz Grace—and chuckled. This was ridiculous! Of course she would let Tracy Sullivan try out for the team. Of course! After all, she was in charge of it all, in the end, wasn’t she? She was in charge of the decisions she made, not Miz Grace, nor The Coach, nor any other decision-maker living in her head. What was she, anyway—Sally Field’s Sybil? She chuckled again and nodded a few times in resolve. Of course. The decision was clear and easy—and comforting, once she had made it. There was no way she would turn away a player she wanted more than any other girl she had ever seen on court.
* * *
Ed Porter lay the newspaper on the kitchen table and happily announced, “There she is! The superstar!”
Tracy walked in and immediately collapsed comically and lay down on the kitchen floor. Her aunt and uncle laughed, and Tracy was pleased that they did. She had never behaved as a clown before and liked being a cause of amusement.
“Girl, if you don’t get off that floor!” Madge threatened lightly.
Tracy got up on hands and knees and crawled to one of the dinette chairs and mounted it. The grownups laughed again.
“Amazing Grace wore you out, huh?” her uncle observed.
“Yes, sir!” the girl declared and exhaled in a whoosh.
At the sink, Madge folded her arms in interest. “Tracy, how did that happen? You didn’t go into details when you called after school. And when I spoke to Her Greatness this morning, she was very adamant about not letting you try out.”
“She told me no, too. But then she came up to me after sixth period and asked me to come out on the floor—you know, on the court. These two girls was there—college girls who play for college. They used to play for Miz Grace, too. Anyway, she told me to play against them.”
“Yeah? Two against one?”
“Yes, sir.”
“How’d you do?”
“I was nervous, you know, ’cause I didn’t understand why she was asking me to do that, but then one of them whispered to me, said I better do the best I can ’cause Miz Grace was testing me—you know, trying to see how I did against them. If I did ah’right, they said she was gonna let me try out.”
“So how’d you do?”
“I did good! One of ’em blocked me, though,” the teen admitted, “but then I got her back!” she boasted.
The grownups laughed. “Way to go!” Ed praised.
Tracy smiled. It was the first time she had ever heard any man speak proudly about her.
“You didn’t hurt your jaw, did you?” asked Madge with concern.
“No, it was cool. And I was nervous at first, but after they told me what Miz Grace was doing, I just put it in my head that I was in Area Place, at the playground, and everything just fell in place.”
“So that was your tryouts?” asked Madge, puzzled.
“No, that was to see if I could try out.”
“What did she make you do for tryouts?” the woman asked.
“Lotta things! Made me do more than everybody else ’cause I missed yesterday. So while they was playing ball, I was jumping sideways over this bench for a long time! My lungs felt like they was gonna pop! They made me do push-ups—the boy kind! Made me do this thing where I had to jump up in the air and bounce the ball off the backboard without letting it hit the ground. And then she made us shoot freethrows. Do lay-ups. Dribble without looking. She even made us lift weights! They weren’t heavy, but what she made us do with ’em was hard—harder than what we do in P.E., and that’s hard. Anyway, I ain’t gonna lie, I was glad when it was over!”
The adults laughed.
“Well, I hope you’re resilient, because you have to go to the meeting tonight. So shower and get dressed. And I’ll fix you a plate.”
Tracy frowned with confusion and dismay, for it was Wednesday. “I thought the meeting was tomorrow night,” she said.
“It is, normally. But our congregation switched nights this week with the other congregation that uses the hall. They have the circuit overseer this week, so they’re meeting on Tuesday and Thursday.”
“What’s a circus overseer?” Tracy asked sullenly. Whatever he was, he was fouling her plans for rest.
“A circuit overseer. He’s a traveling elder who visits the congregations to encourage them.”
The explanation meant little to Tracy. “Oh,” she said, and then she whined, “Well, can’t I just miss the meeting tonight? I’ll go next time, I promise. I’m tired.” That was true, she was exhausted, but she also hated the idea of putting on pantyhose and heels and a dress and sitting for two hours while people talked about boring things.
“Yeah, Madge. The girl’s tired.”
“You weren’t too tired to try out for basketball,” Madge pointed out. “And stay out of this, Ed. You need to go to the meeting yourself.”
“That’s because I didn’t get tired ’til the end of tryouts,” Tracy explained. “Please, Aun’ Madge? I promise I won’t miss another meeting. I’m just wore out. Miz Grace is hard! And I got a lotta homework. And”—the girl’s teenage mind worked quickly—“and my face hurting again.”
The trick worked. Madge’s priorities quickly switched from the forsaking of spiritual gatherings to the attending to a child’s injuries.
“It does? Where?”
“Right there—ow!”
“See? I knew you weren’t well enough to do all that jumping around. You need some more painkillers.”
“No, she needs you to stop pressing on the part of her face that hurts,” Ed pointed out.
Madge cut her eyes playfully at her husband and continued examining Tracy’s face, this time with more care, gently tilting the girl’s face upward into the rays of light coming from the ceiling lamp. Tracy, sensing she had gotten out of the obligation of going to the meeting, wanted to smile, but she continued to frown pitifully as if in misery.
“Yes,” said Madge, “and your lip is bleeding again. You probably do need to stay home.” She removed her finger, Tracy’s chin lowered. “I’ll get the medicine,” Madge said, going over to one of the cabinets over the sink. Behind her back, Tracy smiled quickly at her uncle, who winked at her knowingly and nodded his head once as if to say, Way to go.


Chapter Twenty-Nine
MAID TO ORDER
Grace saw the older-model green Plymouth sedan parked on the driveway outside and wondered whose it was. Dressed still in her Third Reich colors, still wearing Tip’s whistle around her neck, she strode through the laundry room and wondered who Darrel had invited into her home this evening, unannounced. Damn him. Grace opened the door to the kitchen and right away spotted her husband, seated at the table in the breakfast nook, his face split in a grin, his head thrown back in laughter. He wore black dress slacks and a slate turtleneck. At the table with him was a woman who was also chuckling. Grace could see the back of the woman’s small shoulders and her veined pale brown hands, which daintily held a coffee cup. She wore a simple lime blouse that contrasted with the auburn color of her hair.
“You’re right about that! That’s just the way Pastor talks, too!” Darrel was saying as Grace walked in. He saw her and cried, “Hey, baby!” He immediately rose and came toward her, pleading with his eyes that she not display rudeness toward their unexpected guest. His worry was warranted. They had a rule, and he had broken it. Whenever Darrel wanted a guest he had to get Grace’s permission first or else give her warning by phone so that she would not come home to a surprise. So now he watched her nervously, his back to their visitor. “Grace,” he said, bending down to kiss her jaw.
She did not want him to kiss her, but she let him because the stranger had turned in her chair and was watching them.
“Baby,” Darrel explained, his arm extended toward the woman, “this is the lady we talked about. Doing the cleaning? Mrs. Gentry,” he said, smiling.
Grace opened her mouth with understanding. So this was the maid. Grace watched as the woman stood, smoothing out her smock. With it, she wore a plain black skirt and brown matronly pumps. She appeared to be near sixty—the aged hands, the weariness around the eyes. Her face was pleasant—perhaps she had been a pretty younger woman—and Grace decided that the woman’s complexion was an apt accompaniment to the rich aroma that filled the kitchen at that moment; she was the color of creamed coffee. So this is what Darrel had fought to bring into her home. Grace remembered what Darrel had said on Friday about the woman—that she had lost her daughter and grandchild in an accident and had recently become a widow—and so Grace forced her face into a small smile as the woman stepped over and extended a hand. They shook.
“I’m Grace.”
“Arlene Gentry,” the older woman said in a voice whose texture also matched smooth coffee. “And I know who you are,” she remarked warmly, looking at Grace as if awestruck. Grace recognized the expression: Another fan of the ’76 Olympics.
The three of them chuckled. Grace laughed less than the others and only because it would have been rude not to laugh at all. She was distracted by the fact that the stranger was present—she thought Darrel had said the woman would not begin employment until next week. At the same time, she was also distracted by the handshake, which was lasting longer than Grace wanted it to. The old woman’s palm was smooth and dry, her nails tapered and unpainted. The skin over her knuckles was creased, and she wore an ordinary wedding ring. Grace slid her hand away—was the woman going to hold it forever?
“My husband didn’t tell me he was having anyone over today,” Grace said pleasantly. She cast Darrel a look that sought an explanation.
“Well, baby, I was supposed to meet her at the office and I wasn’t able to make it,” Darrel explained, “so I just asked her to come by and sign all the paperwork here. Um, and we just started talking and time passed and…”
Mrs. Gentry interrupted with a wave of the hand. “That’s not true,” she said. “He’s trying to cover for me. I wanted to meet you and see the place—that’s why I’m here. I apologize for the intrusion.”
Grace hesitated, appreciating the woman’s forthrightness.
“Mrs.—Gentry, is it? I’m—glad you stayed. We—needed to meet. It’s just that this week, I’ve begun tryouts for my ball team and, well, my husband knows what tryouts week is like for me—I am absolutely exhausted at the end of the day and the only thing I want when I get home is a bath and bed.” She tried a smile to lighten her words, then finished, “So perhaps the two of you can complete what needs to be done?” She looked at Darrel questioningly, but behind her eyes was a demand.
“Oh, yeah, baby,” he said eagerly. “As a matter of fact, we’ve got the paperwork out of the way.”
“And she will be here—you will be here which two days?”
Mrs. Gentry glanced at Darrel as she spoke. “We were leaving that up to you. But…I thought Mondays and Thursdays might work well, with a house this size, and no children.”
Mondays and Thursdays—Grace quickly considered the offer and felt suddenly overcome by the thought. Every Monday and Thursday, someone would be in her house. All day. But she had made a promise to Darrel and, by extension, to the pleasant woman standing before her, so she stammered politely, “That—that—that’ll work. What time?” she asked them both.
“It’ll be after you leave for work,” answered Darrel, “unless you want her here in the mornings to cook breakfast for you.”
Grace was genuinely taken aback by the suggestion. “Cook br—?” she began. “I don’t need anybody to cook breakfast for me!” she declared in an incredulous laugh.
“I can cook a mean omelet!” Mrs. Gentry boasted.
Grace again had the feeling she was being overwhelmed—by what, she was not sure, but it was similar to the oppressive sensation she had experienced that morning, during the phone call with Tracy Sullivan’s aunt. A feeling of coercion. Of drowning.
“I don’t need anyone to cook my breakfast,” she repeated, looking at the woman.
“She already has a...a gate remote,” Darrel explained, stammering, “and-and the code to the house. I created what they call a...a maid’s code for her, which means it’s good only as long as she’s working for us. And I, uh, gave her a key.”
Grace was quiet, eyes on Darrel. Tension in her neck and shoulders raged; she might need to see Avadel again this week. In a moment, she was able to speak again. “I don’t…need anyone here…before I go to work, but everything else is okay. How’s eight o’clock sound?”
“I like to get started earlier than that, but if that’s what you prefer.”
“That’s what I prefer.”
“Then it’s fine with me.”
“And…how long do you plan to stay each day?”
“I’d say anywhere from five to six hours. Little longer, for laundry. Longer than that, if I cook dinner.”
“I see,” said Grace, hoping the woman would be gone by the time she, Grace, came home. “All right,” she approved.
Grace smiled quickly and politely at Mrs. Gentry, intending to end the meeting at that moment. But she noticed how the older woman was regarding her. Warmly and intently. Almost, Grace felt, in a scrutinizing manner. Probably some Seventh-day Adventist form of attentiveness that could prove to be highly annoying after a while. Darrel and his ideas. Grace sighed inwardly. She couldn’t back out of the deal now—she had promised him, after all, and besides, the lady had suffered so much tragedy already. Grace tightened her face into another smile.
“Nice meeting you. And you’ll start Monday of next week?”
The older woman looked at Darrel.
“Uh, well,” Darrel explained to Grace, “we—I thought she might as well start tomorrow, instead of waiting until Monday. I—already informed the Davenports….” His voice trailed off.
Grace stared at him. “Tomorrow’s the last day of tryouts, Darrel.”
“I know, that, baby, but I figure if it is the last day, you’ll be tired, and if she’s here you won’t have to do anything but come home, kick back, and eat whatever she’s cooked. She’s a great cook. She baked a cake for the pastor one Sunday and he slipped me a piece—Aw, man!” He shook his head in fond remembrance and looked at the older woman. “And I had some of your string beans at that, uh, the church anniversary—you remember.” To Grace, he added, “They were the best thing at the dinner! Better than Mama’s!” Darrel and Mrs. Gentry laughed.
Grace again smiled politely at their laughter, at the laughter of her husband with this stranger, and said to the woman, “Well. Guess Darrel’s got it all worked out. You’ll be here tomorrow, then.” She walked away from them and, struck with a thought, hesitated long enough to add, “Oh, and I don’t eat meat and not a lot of dairy. I’m sure my husband’s told you?”
“Yes, he did,” Mrs. Gentry said pleasantly. “But you do make exception for eggs and seafood, and you don’t eat anything fried. And you only drink soy and almond milk. And for dessert, you prefer fresh fruit.”
Grace hesitated, startled, and glanced at Darrel, who was smiling smugly—he had, indeed, covered all the bases.
“I told her,” he said, “that you eat like a white woman.”
Mrs. Gentry grinned but this time wisely remained quiet.
Grace glanced at Darrel and tightened her face into a smile—but at the moment, a smile was the last thing she felt like giving him. She turned a final polite smile on the older woman and nodded in affirmation and farewell. Without another word she left the room.
* * *
The next morning, Grace, fully dressed for work, sat at the breakfast nook with a cup of hot herbal tea and finished the article in the sports section of the Journal. She grunted with displeasure. A girl from UCLA was threatening to overturn Amazing Grace Gresham speed records. Grace folded the paper and slapped it gently onto the table. Picked up her cup. Oh, well. The records had held for fourteen years, so sooner or later somebody was going to break them. But she had hoped she was dead when it happened. She sighed, took a sip of tea, glanced at her watch. Six fifty-five. She had told Darrel to tell Mrs. Gentry to be here at seven sharp, instead of eight o’clock. She told herself that the reason she had changed the time was to ensure that the maid would be out of the house before Grace returned from work. But the truth was—and she admitted this to herself with some shame now—she had changed the time only as a means to assert some control in a situation where she felt that Darrel and Mrs. Gentry had assumed all of it.
A buzzing sound stabbed the silence of the house. Grace rose and went to the metal faceplate on the kitchen wall. She pressed a black button marked Transmit and spoke.
“Yes?”
She released the button and through a receiver behind the faceplate heard the roar of air and the voice of a woman speaking louder than she needed to.
“This is Mrs. Gentry!”
The receiver popped into silence and Grace pressed the transmit button again.
“I’ll let you in.”
Grace pressed a different button, one labeled gate. She drained her teacup, placed it in the sink, and walked to the front of the house. Through the giant window in the piano parlor, she could see the huge gates of the estate swing open and then Mrs. Gentry’s green sedan advance slowly onto the driveway, creeping toward the house. Grace walked briskly back to the kitchen and pressed the gate button again, then walked back to the foyer, where she unlocked the front door. She stood in the foyer, hands in her pants pockets, waiting, perusing the parquet floor at her feet and the rooms surrounding her. Immaculate. She didn’t really need a maid.
The doorbell sounded, Grace stepped to the door, pulled it open. They met gazes, smiled nervously, politely.
“Good morning!”
“Morning. Thank you for coming so early.”
“Didn’t mind at all,” said Mrs. Gentry, stepping inside. “I’m a pre-dawner.” She held a mop in one hand. In the other, she carried a bucket filled with bottles of cleaning products.
The sight of the products insulted Grace. “I have cleaning supplies,” she said, turning away to walk toward the kitchen.
“Yes,” said the older woman, following Grace through the foyer. “I saw them when I was here yesterday. I’m sure they work wonderfully,” she said pleasantly, “but I know how these work.”
Grace glanced back at the woman, trying to decide if she should be offended or not. Mrs. Gentry wasn’t looking at her but was visually inspecting the front corridor as they passed through. For some reason, Grace found this disarming. She pushed through the swinging door of the kitchen and held it open as Mrs. Gentry entered the room. They moved to the middle of the kitchen, to the island counter, where Grace’s purse and attaché sat. She noticed quickly the older woman’s appearance. She had only seen her last evening but for some reason had forgotten what Mrs. Gentry looked like. Now the face had form again—a face similar to, Grace thought, an old stage and screen actress whose name Grace could not recall—and again Grace thought she saw vestiges of beauty in the tan complexion and almond eyes. The brown eye-liner and matte rose-red lipstick that the maid wore, along with the careful arrangement of auburn hair—which Grace now realized was a dye—and the silver earrings in the woman’s soft lobes struck Grace as incongruent with the woman’s occupation of housecleaner. But then she thought of herself, and how important it was to her to always look her best, regardless of task or setting, and decided that maybe the maid’s appearance wasn’t inappropriate, after all.
“Well,” she said, still not certain what to say in this new situation, “you have any questions about anything?”
“I don’t think so,” pondered the maid.
“You remember the code.”
“I do. Four-four-seven-one. I punch that in and hurry out the door.”
Grace nodded. At least the woman wasn’t an idiot.
“And you know Darrel’s in town, so he’ll be home some time this morning.” It was a warning, in case the woman had plans to carry out a burglary operation.
“Well, then,” the woman said brightly, “I’ll expect him!”
Mrs. Gentry’s manner was crisp, warm, and professional. Grace thought she detected in the woman’s demeanor an indication that while the other woman enjoyed conversing with Grace, she came to work. Grace appreciated the quality.
“And we’re not expecting any visitors, so if the guard calls from the main gate, you may answer but don’t give him permission to let anyone in.”
Mrs. Gentry nodded once, firmly, in compliance.
Grace reconsidered. “But then you won’t need to worry about that since you won’t be answering the phone, anyway.”
“Alright,” said the old woman, snapping her head once in a nod, and then being struck with a thought. “But what if you call?”
Grace hesitated, startled. The thought hadn’t occurred to her.
“Well, I suppose…I don’t see why I would need to call you,” she stammered.
The older woman looked queerly at the younger—a hesitation of studied gazing—and then diplomatically inquired, “Well, what if I need to call you?”
“Oh.” Grace, embarrassed for having forgotten such an important detail, immediately fumbled with the attaché. Inside was a slot for business cards. She removed one and handed it to the old woman. “My number at work.”
Mrs. Gentry took the card and looked at it. “Director of Athletics,” she read, smiling proudly as if she were reading the accomplishments of a daughter.
For some reason the woman’s actions pushed a smile into Grace’s eyes, a reaction that startled her. What was wrong with her for blushing like a commended child? “Yes,” she confirmed before quickly reverting back to business. “And I…suppose you could answer the guard. If he calls.”
The maid nodded once in obedience.
“And you also have a way to reach Darrel?”
“Right here,” the maid said, reaching into a pocket on her smock. She retrieved a folded piece of paper and held it up for Grace to see. “In fact,” she said, moving toward the refrigerator, a great stainless-steel appliance, “maybe I can place it and your card…here—” She stopped abruptly when she saw there were no decorative accessories clinging to the surface of the fridge. “No magnets,” she commented, her tone suggesting that any real kitchen had refrigerator magnets.
Grace heard the tone and was offended by it. She did not like clutter and thought refrigerator magnets belonged in the kitchens of frazzled housewives.
“I have a bulletin board in the corner,” she pointed out. “You can place the numbers there.”
Mrs. Gentry walked to the corkboard plane on the wall and, using the push pins provided, stuck Grace’s business card and the paper with Darrel’s contact numbers into the softness of the brown surface.
Grace couldn’t think of anything else to say, and on top of that Mrs. Gentry’s pleasant professionalism made Grace’s own distrust of the woman seem out of place. So she said, “Well, make yourself—comfortable,” and turned away, heading for the laundry-room door.
“Thank you, Mrs. Nelson. You have a good day” came the pleasant voice from behind her. Grace thought of something and turned.
“Oh! And…you don’t have to clean our bedroom. The door is…locked, anyway.”
“Alright.”
“And…you don’t have to cook today.”
“I don’t mind,” said the maid pleasantly. “In fact, I’ve got a few things I picked up from the store in the car.”
“You shouldn’t have done that,” Grace said, hovering between courtesy and annoyance. “Let me reimburse you.”
Mrs. Gentry threw a dismissing hand in Grace’s direction. “Please, no,” she objected in a laugh. “It’s the least I can do for my first day.” The mirth softened into earnestness. “I’m grateful. I needed this job. And I’d like to show my thanks.”
Grace hesitated, mouth open, wanting to insist, but something about Mrs. Gentry pushed Grace to smile and relent with a nod. She wondered briefly what motivated Mrs. Gentry to be so warm and personal in the light of the tragedies she had faced, what made her so confident and at ease in this situation, like someone accustomed to tackling a domicile and eager to take on a domestic stint when it seemed she was educated enough—articulate enough, anyway—to perform some other kind of work. Grace spun away. She would have to ask Darrel about it the next time she spoke to him. Who was this old woman who looked like an actress but lived by the broom?
* * *
Eleven hours later, Grace glided onto Interstate 285 in her white Jaguar, allowing Sarah Vaughan’s heavenly voice to fill the space in the scented leathery world of the car. Immediately she noticed it: No commuter congestion! Grace smiled. Atlanta’s traffic agreed with her state of mind today. Tryouts were over and they had given her what she had hoped for: the makings of an outstanding team. She was glad she had been able to include Tracy Sullivan, but even without Sullivan, she could have created a championship group this year, she was sure of it. Dent, Toni, Pat, Sandra—with them alone she could have molded a winning unit. But now that she also had Sullivan, her chances were increased tenfold. She thought briefly about Sullivan, about this shy girl who had, in a span of three weeks, made Grace break so many rules. What was it about Sullivan that made it so easy to relent? True, Sullivan could play, that was obvious. But so could Eldridge back in ’88, but that hadn’t stopped Grace from keeping the girl off the team when she missed a day of tryouts. And other girls had come through her program who were natural athletes—Trendenberg and Lisa McShay, for two. But even for them she had not felt the—what was it, the softening, maybe?—that she felt whenever she scolded Tracy Sullivan. And Lord knows the child had amassed reasons for scolding! Tardiness the first week. Dressing out of regulation in Toni’s yellow shirt. Letting her mind wander during role call. Engaging in noncommissioned sports play before class time. Missing tryouts! And, adding insult to injury, coming up to the office uninvited. Yes, Sullivan had outdone any others Grace had known—with the exception of Wanda Carver. But Carver was a special case, a mother-orphan suffering from arrested development, and so people expected her to commit infractions and get away with it. But Sullivan—yes, there was something about her that struck a chord in Grace that she was not sure had ever been struck before. She was just not sure what it was.
The phone at her elbow rang. She knew who it was—he never forgot the important moments. She used the remote to lower the volume on the car stereo and picked up the receiver.
“Yes, Darrel.”
“How’d you know it was me?”
“You’re the only one who calls me on this phone.”
“You ain’t very popular, then,” he teased.
“You’re the only one who has this number.”
“Oh. Then that means I’m special, then.”
“Maybe,” she teased.
“So how’d it go?”
“Great. I feel really good about this group.”
“Another set of winners?”
“Seems so. Where are you?”
“The office.”
Grace’s good mood slipped. “You didn’t go home today?”
“Nope.”
The good mood crashed. “Darrel! You promised you’d go home!”
“I couldn’t get away, Grace.”
“You promised me you would at least drop by and check on that woman. She is a stranger, after all.”
“I didn’t promise you, Grace, I said I’d try. What? You think she picked up the house and ran away with it? Come on, Grace. You don’t have to worry about Mrs. Gentry. She’s good people.”
“Darrel, I swear I don’t know how you make it in business, as gullible as you are. What do you know about this woman?”
“I know she’s a good person.”
“How do you know that? Because she can cook well? Because your pastor says so? Did you do the background check on her yet? Please tell me you had it done. I told you last week to have it done.”
“We haven’t gotten it back yet, Grace.”
“Darrel—” She decided any further conversation was useless. She picked up the remote and raised the volume on the stereo. Sarah was debating the beauty of differences in the song “Let’s Call the Whole Thing Off.”
“Goodbye, Darrel.”
“What? You mad now?”
“Goodbye, Darrel. I’ll see you when you get home. If we still have a home when I get there.”
She hung up. Fifteen minutes later, she drove the Jag into its spot in the Gracewood garage and turned off the engine. She had been relieved, moments ago, when she saw that Mrs. Gentry’s green sedan was not parked in the driveway, where it had been that morning. Good. The last thing she wanted was to face the woman at the end of the day. Grace grabbed her leather organizer and Gucci shoulder bag from the passenger seat and walked into her home. She would see for herself what damage Darrel’s maid had done.
She immediately noticed the three small stacks of neatly folded clothes sitting on the laundry table—and was immediately embarrassed by them. Grace walked over, peeked inside the laundry bin. It was an oversized canvass container located at the open end of a chute that originated in the master bath upstairs. The bin was empty, which meant Mrs. Gentry had, indeed, washed loads of clothes. Grace’s face warmed bashfully at the idea of a stranger’s hands touching her intimate apparel. But it was her own fault, and she knew it. In her quest to ban Mrs. Gentry from the bedroom, she had forgotten to also restrict the woman from touching the clothes that descended from the bedroom. Grace walked over to the two frontload washers and pulled open their doors. She did the same with the two dryers. All four were empty of clothes, which meant Mrs. Gentry had folded everything she had laundered. Despite feeling embarrassment, Grace was impressed by the old woman’s initiative and diligence, and she decided that rather than restrict Mrs. Gentry from doing laundry, she would simply exclude her underwear from the clothes she sent down the laundry chute.
Grace went to the kitchen. Immediately, she noticed the floor. Its marble-gray tiles were washed clean, and the air in the room was scented with a lemony-floral fragrance. Grace looked around. The black countertop and huge aluminum sink were spotless. The idea of something different—added—caused her to look at the bulletin board in the corner of the room. Sure enough, there was a note pinned to its porous surface. Grace walked over and read it. MRS. NELSON, HOPE YOU ENJOY THE DINNER. I USED NO MEAT!! TODAY, I CLEANED THE LOWER LEVELS AND WASHED SOME CLOTHES. MONDAY, I’LL CLEAN THE UPPER LEVEL AND WASH SOME MORE. MRS. GENTRY. Grace sighed. The note’s presence annoyed her—a note seemed too personal, somehow, too forward of the old woman, with whom Grace desired little communication. They weren’t to be friends, after all. At the same time, contradictorily, she appreciated being informed of what Mrs. Gentry had done in the house. It was reassuring—like a report Julia might give about the goings-on in the athletic department.
Grace looked at the stove. Dinner, Mrs. Gentry had said in the note, but the stove was clean and empty. Grace walked to the huge wall oven and pulled it open. Cold and empty, so she went to the refrigerator, opened it, and immediately saw in the clean bright whiteness the added presence of two round bowls with plastic lids, a stoneware pan covered by aluminum foil, and a casserole dish the glass lid of which was peppered on the underside with moisture. The sight both annoyed and pleased her. Hadn’t she told the woman she didn’t have to cook? Grace looked through the dishes. Whole-kernel corn. Asparagus spears. Baby potatoes. And something that looked like eggplant casserole. She was hungry, but the sight of the food did not stimulate her desire to eat. The thought of a stranger’s preparing food in her kitchen—touching the tops of her spice bottles, plundering the contents of her fridge, placing sweaty foreign hands on her dishes—felt to Grace like a greater invasion of privacy than did the act of cleaning.
Grace closed the fridge—she would let Darrel eat Mrs. Gentry’s food first, when he came home, to make sure it was safe. She grabbed an apple and a pear from the fruit bowl on the breakfast table and walked through every room on the first floor, then went downstairs to Darrel’s Den, to see what changes Mrs. Gentry had made there. Afterwards, she returned to the kitchen, satisfied that the woman had left a pleasing mark on the bottom floors of the mansion. Maybe, just maybe, having a maid won’t be such an ordeal, after all. She just hoped that Darrel, with his gullibility, hadn’t brought a mad woman into her home.


Chapter Thirty
GIRL MEETS BUOY
After school the next day, Tracy Sullivan stood outside the front entrance of the athletic building, waiting. Inside, a small group of girls stood in the lobby, looking at a bulletin board. Tracy wanted to do the same thing—but alone. For some reason, she expected she would not be listed on the board, that she hadn’t made the cut, and for that disappointment she wanted to receive the news in solitude. Occasionally, girls tumbled out of the doors, and each time they did, Tracy looked inside to see how many people were left poring over the board. Finally, the doors fell open and Tracy saw, with a jolt, that the lobby was empty. She took a deep breath and lurched forward. In moments she was inside the cool building, smelled the rubbery waxy brand-new scent of the place, a scent she had come to love since arriving at Beck three weeks ago. A smell she had come to associate with the best part of her day, her most enjoyable class. And Miz Grace.
A pair of bulletin boards hung on the wall. Announcements were posted on them behind glass. Tracy stepped up to the display; a sheet of pink paper stapled to the surface had caught her eye. She stood close to the glass and read the paper’s computer-generated words.
RESULTS: BASKETBALL TRYOUTS.
Later, Tracy would recall the thumping in her head and chest and fingertips, a thumping that mounted until she had scanned the list and seen the number she had worn during tryouts, printed near the bottom: 48. She would recall the surge of excitement that flowed through her body and left her feeling invigorated and, she knew even then, forever changed. She would recall gaping, then looking again at the list to make sure her eyes had not deceived her, then whirling away and pumping her fist once in a quick downward motion and crying, “Yes!”—only to look in the doorway of the foyer, toward the heart of the sports complex, to see Miz Grace standing there, watching, a small smile on her face. Seconds after their eyes met, the woman walked away, making it clear that she had not intended there to be an exchange of words between them—just an acknowledgement of shared satisfaction over the decision she had made.
* * *
Outside in the brilliant September sunshine, Tracy cut across the yard of Beck and into the surrounding neighborhood of MacDonald Park. Her neighborhood. A wonderful warmth filled her throat and chest and spread to every part of her body, and she restrained the urge to break into a run and skip and shout—Beck girls did not behave that way. Most of them didn’t walk home, in the first place, much less run. So Tracy moved smoothly along the sidewalk and tried to act mature, the way she imagined a Grace Girl should act—because that’s what she was now, a Grace Girl. That’s what Dent and Toni said everybody at Beck called Miz Grace’s players. Grace Girls. Girls who belonged to Miz Grace. And she was one of them! Tracy couldn’t help it: She smiled. When she got home to Area Place this evening, she would call Scooby over and tell him the great news and see the look on his face when he found out. He would be so happy for her! And now, whenever she played ball with him and Pretty Boy and the others, she would be playing not just as their friend but as a player for Jazz Nelson’s wife! But then something dark dropped into her thoughts. She had forgotten. She wouldn’t be able to play ball at the Area Place playground with her boys anymore, because she could run into Jinya Daggett. Because of Aunt Madge, Area Place’s crazy bully would really beat Tracy the next time their paths crossed. Maybe even kill her. Tracy pondered this possibility, then concluded that even that wasn’t enough to ruin her good feeling today—she could stay inside her mother’s apartment and avoid Jinya that way—because now she belonged to something great and important and wonderful. Miz Grace! Tracy thought of the beautiful quiet teacher and coach, so serious and scary. And yet, something about the woman was not so scary up close. Something. Tracy smiled. Unbelievable.
She looked around as she advanced down the sunny street. Everything in MacDonald Park seemed especially pretty and vibrant this afternoon. The lawns were bright green and manicured, every yard accented by colorful bunches of pink and white and red flowers. Even the German Shepherd fenced behind the long tan brick house didn’t bark angrily when she walked by, as he had done for the past three weeks. He merely yelped once, almost playfully, and then just stared at Tracy as she walked past, as if even he knew that suddenly she did belong in his neighborhood. And then she looked ahead down the block and saw an orange-red convertible, turning from her aunt’s street and onto the street on which she was walking. The convertible’s top was down. As it came closer she could see that the car was a new Ford Mustang and that the boy driving it was.... Was it? Yes! The fine boy with curly hair and green eyes!
Eric!
Weakness slipped into Tracy’s knees but she forced herself to keep walking. Exactly two weeks and two days ago, Eric had talked to her in the lunchroom. Since then, they hadn’t conversed, but he sneaked looks at her on Wednesdays and Fridays, when the boys and girls mingled in the cafeteria. He did so whenever Sheila, who seemed always at his side, was looking the other way. But now Tracy could see he was alone and heading in her direction. Would he stop? Should she speak to him if he did? He was a dog for trying to talk to her while going with Sheila—she knew this. So why did a part of her want him to stop?
Eric’s car slowed as it approached. Tracy kept walking and stared ahead at the stop sign at the far end of the street. Panic fluttered in her belly.
“Hey!”
His voice. Deep and handsome. She looked over at him. He was smiling. Checking her out. He rested a muscular arm on top of the car door. Tracy had to remind herself why she shouldn’t talk to him.
“Whassup, Miss L. Carlton Haines?” he greeted, his voice playful and teasing.
“Nothing,” Tracy mumbled and kept walking.
Eric braked to a halt. She left him behind.
“You make the team?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she threw back and couldn’t conceal a small smile. But she kept walking.
“Hey!” he called.
Tracy looked back at him.
“Congratulations!” he said sincerely.
Tracy smiled, faced forward again, continued walking.
“Tracy!”
She heard him call but she did not stop. He’s Sheila’s man Sheila’s man Sheila’s man. Besides, he was so beautiful he made her nervous. She heard the roar of his engine as he accelerated. At first she thought he was leaving, but then she glanced back and saw him making a U-turn and heading in her direction. Another rush of pleasure, almost as great as learning she had made the team. He was coming after her! Chasing her. In a minute the polished orange-red fender slid into view beside her and eased along slowly.
“Hey!” he called, a ripple of surprise in his voice. She looked at him. He was still smiling but now he also looked puzzled. “Why you walk off like that?”
She cut her eyes at him and looked ahead again. How dare he ask that. Sheila! That was why, and he knew it.
“Hey, stop for a minute, ah’ight?” he said. “I wanna talk to you.”
Tracy sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes and came to what she hoped looked like a reluctant stop. She stayed on the sidewalk and watched as Eric pulled his car to the curb. He left the engine running and without opening the door leapt out of the car—for her benefit, she knew, but she pretended to be unimpressed. As he walked toward her, her eyes inadvertently drifted to his groin, which bulged slightly in the beige chino shorts he wore. She jerked her gaze away quickly, her cheeks blazing. Why had she looked there? She hoped he hadn’t noticed. Flustered, she looked at his hairy man legs—he had on shiny penny loafers like hers, and no socks—and then she rested her gaze on one of the new tires on his car.
“What’s the problem?” he teased. “You acting like you hate me or something.”
He stopped two or three feet away and watched her, a sly half-smile on his face. She looked at him. They were almost the same height—he, a little taller. And in the fullness of daylight, she thought he was even more gorgeous than he had been in the cafeteria. In quick glances, she checked out his features. His light-brown skin, radiant and reddened by the sun. His full pink lips, which looked like they would be nice to kiss. The gray-green eyes and silky eyebrows. Shiny, curly black hair. Muscular arms, thighs, chest. Suddenly Tracy felt embarrassed and looked away again, at the sidewalk.
“Come on,” Eric persisted. “You were nice to me at first. Now you dissin’ me. I done something to you?”
She wanted to tell him about himself, but another glance at his beauty left her hardly able to speak. She exhaled and looked at the sidewalk again. “No,” she answered.
“Well, I’m glad to hear that!” he exclaimed, then asked, “You live around here?”
She nodded yes but her attitude said: What do you think?
“I guess you do,” he laughed, reading her attitude. “I do, too, but not on this side. I just dropped somebody off.” He paused, then began anew. “I see you around campus sometimes.”
She just looked at him.
“Sorry I don’t always speak,” he said, “but—you know.”
She stiffened. How dare he bring that up! She would let him have it now! “That’s your girlfriend?” she accused.
He looked puzzled. “My girlfriend? Who?”
“The one you always with.”
“Who, Sheila? Nah, we just friends.”
She squinted her eyes and tilted her head to one side, a gesture Mama made when she didn’t believe a man. How could Eric lie like that? She knew Sheila was his girlfriend because the whole school said so.
“Everybody say y’all go together.”
“We went together,” Eric corrected.
“Yep—since ninth grade!” she charged. She had overheard that bit of info in the locker room.
“Yeah,” Eric admitted, “but we don’t go together no more.”
She studied his eyes—they were so beautiful and earnest, but was he telling the truth?
“Then how come I see y’all leaving school together in your car?”
“Because we’re friends,” he explained. “I still give her a ride sometimes.”
Tracy thought about this, then remembered something and charged, “I thought she had her own car.”
Eric hesitated. “What?” he stammered, then relaxed and explained, “Oh, that’s just ’cause her girl, Felicia, drives Sheila’s car sometimes. They’re tight like that.”
Tracy frowned. Something about the answer seemed false, but she wasn’t sure what it was. She sighed. “I gotta go. My aunt worry when I come home late.”
“Why don’t you catch the school bus?” Eric asked, concerned.
“I don’t like the bus,” she answered frankly. “I like to walk.”
Eric tilted his head slightly and studied her briefly, then slipped back into a playful mood and became suddenly bashful. He looked at the sidewalk, then up at her. Tracy saw his actions and waited to hear what he was about to say.
“Why don’t you give me that phone number, let me call you sometime.”
Tracy’s mouth fell open. Her heart pounded. She was used to boys in Area Place trying to talk to her, but a boy like Eric, asking for her phone number! She never thought something like this would happen! But—Tracy closed her mouth—Aunt Madge would not like it. She had made it clear she didn’t want Tracy getting involved with boys right now. Tracy looked away from Eric and stared at the ground and mumbled, “I can’t do that.”
Eric looked surprised. “Why?”
“’Cause my aunt don’t want me to give out her number.”
“Well, why don’t you let me give you my number so you can call me?” he suggested.
Tracy stared at him again. Call him? Her insides trembled. Her, calling a boy like Eric! But what would they talk about? She never knew what to say to people. And besides, what would she say if Aunt Madge caught her talking on the phone and wanted to know who was on the other end? And then there was Sheila. A minute ago Eric had almost sounded like he was telling the truth about his relationship with Sheila, but Tracy couldn’t be sure. Mama said men were the best liars when they were trying to get with you. But still, he had said what she wanted to hear—that he and Sheila were not going together—so why shouldn’t she just accept his words as truth? Accepting them would mean there was a chance he might ask her to go with him, and wouldn’t that be something! Her, Tracy Sullivan, a Grace Girl and the girlfriend of Eric Richardson, Langston’s cutest boy and star football player!
But then, everybody said they went together. In the locker room, in one of her classes today—everybody said Eric Richardson and Sheila Roundtree went together. And they always ate lunch together on Wednesdays and Fridays. So why should she believe what he was saying now?
“I told you I can’t do that,” she repeated tiresomely.
“You can’t call me?” Eric was still surprised by the rejection.
“No,” she said.
“Then let me call you,” he persisted.
Something about his begging made Eric appear suddenly younger to Tracy, so she momentarily lost her fear of him. Enough of her shyness fell away to allow her to speak to him in a direct manner.
“I told you my aunt don’t want me to give out her number. Plus, she don’t want no boys calling me at her house.”
“Why she say that?”
“’Cause it’s her house!”
“That ain’t no reason,” Eric complained lightly.
“It’s her reason,” Tracy said defensively. “And I gotta do what she say.”
Eric smiled knowingly. “Oh, so you one of them good girls, huh?”
She cut her eyes at him and again began walking down the sidewalk.
“Look,” he called after her.
She paused and looked back. A full view of his body. He was fine.
“I’m not gonna give up on you, Tracy Sullivan.”
Tracy faced forward again and began walking.
“Tracy!”
She looked back but did not stop walking this time.
Eric smiled shyly and said softly, “I like you.”
Tracy turned away, her cheeks burning. No he didn’t just say that! The dog! The fine, green-eyed, curly-haired, gorgeous dog. She heard the roar of his car engine and glanced back. He was making a U-turn in the street and heading the other way. When she faced forward again, her feet seemed to step on air—and this time the buoyancy had nothing to do with being a Grace Girl.
* * *
“Well, I am happy for you, Tracy, because I know it’s something you want to do. But…”
Tracy peered at her aunt with dreadful alarm. “But what?”
“Spending two hours a day outside of class with girls who don’t know Jehovah—I don’t know. It can be dangerous.”
“What you mean?”
“It’s already a spiritual danger for a young person to spend eight hours a day in class with worldly people. But we have no choice about that—it’s the law. But it’s worse when you engage in extracurricular activities. You’re not always supervised, and you could be exposed to anything.”
“We just gonna be playing basketball, Aun’ Madge.”
“Yes, but what about in the locker room? Will the girls be talking about how great it is to commit fornication? Or to get drunk or take drugs?”
“I dunno, but I’m not gonna do it!”
“And what if they pressure you? What if one of the boy athletes tries to get you to go to bed with him?”
“I ain’t stupid!”
“I know that, baby, but the Bible says, ‘Bad association spoils useful habits.’ It says, ‘Do not be misled.’ Which means we can get fooled into thinking we’re okay but get drawn into misconduct, anyway, because of the company we keep. I’m just trying to help you see some of the dangers you face being on a team, which is why the Watch Tower Society cautions young people about getting involved in extracurricular activities.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And what if one of the boys does try to talk you into fornication? What would you do?”
“I’d say no!”
“Why?”
“’Cause. I know Jehovah don’t want me to. And I could get pregnant or get AIDS.”
“That’s right. Remember that. And don’t teams pray together?”
“I dunno.”
“I think they do. What are you going to do when they pray? They won’t be praying to Jehovah. And even if they were, do you think he’d listen to a prayer that’s asking him to help one team beat another?”
“No.”
“So when they pray, what will you do?”
“I dunno.”
“Don’t pray. Remain silent—but polite.”
“Okay.”
“And what about Christmas? They’ll probably want to exchange gifts. What will you do then?”
Tracy sighed. “Tell ’em I don’t celebrate it.”
“Why not?”
“’Cause I’m a Jehovah Witness.”
“No, you’re not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses—yet. You’re not one until you’ve studied and gotten baptized. But your aunt is one, and you live with her, and she doesn’t want you to celebrate it. That’s what you tell them.”
“Okay.”
“And if Miss Grace has a problem with that, you tell her to call me.”
“Ah’right.”
“And if playing basketball starts affecting your grades, you will have to quit.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And I’m not going to let you off the hook when it comes to going to the meetings just because you’ve had basketball practice. Do you understand?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Now, I know it sounds like I’m trying to step on all your fun, Tracy, but it’s just that there’s so much in Satan’s world to cause a young person to go astray. I’m just trying to help you avoid those traps. Do you understand?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Alright, then, wash up and get a snack. We’ll have your Bible study, and then I’ll drive you to your mother’s before it gets dark.”
“Yes, ma’am.”


Chapter Thirty-One
A ROCK AND A HARD PLACE
The sudden knock on the bedroom door startled Tracy and she yanked off the headphones, interrupting her escape into Sade’s music.
“Tracy! Unlock this damn doe!”
Tracy sprang from the bed. She reached the entry, twisted the knob’s lock, and pulled open the door. Diane Sullivan stood in the opening, forehead furrowed with displeasure, brown hair pulled back in a short ponytail. She wore a blue smock and dark slacks, the uniform for her job at the Haines Avenue Dry Cleaners. Tracy knew her mother worked from seven to four on Saturdays, but she hadn’t realized Diane had come home already.
“The hell you got the doe locked fuh?”
Tracy looked contrite. She had thought she and Charles were still in the apartment by themselves. Hence, the locked door.
“Run to Dray Harris and pick up sump’m for me,” Diane ordered.
Tracy’s stomach puckered with fear. Andre Harris was Area Place’s biggest drug dealer. He had always liked Mama, so whenever Mama and Charles broke up, Dray Harris was one of the men who called the house for Diane. He was also the one who occasionally sent, by Tracy’s hand, a small brown paper bag that contained the “sump’m” Diane now demanded. When Tracy was a child, she used to think the brown bags contained tea leaves. Now she knew it was marijuana. And a few years ago, the weed began to be accompanied by small soap-looking rocks in tiny plastic bags. She hated Mama for sending her to Dray Harris, and she hated Dray Harris for giving Mama crack.
But now she dreaded the trip to Dray’s for an added reason. Mama was asking her to go outside. And possibly run into Jinya Daggett! All week long, Tracy had rehearsed responses for this moment—had agonized over what to say when Mama asked her to run an errand this weekend. And today, while Mama was at work, Tracy’s stomach had cramped whenever she thought of the moment Diane Sullivan would come home and order the girl to the store. Well, it wasn’t the store, but the danger was the same. Tracy lay a hand on her belly and tried to look pitiful. “I don’t feel good,” she said.
“What? Yo stomach hurt?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“When the last time you took a shit?”
“I…”
“Do that after you come back with my stuff.”
Diane spun away. Tracy stared at her mother’s back, paralyzed by the order.
“Um, I…”
Diane spun back, saw her daughter still standing in the doorway. “I don’t wanna hear no lip from you, Tracy! I just got off work and I’m tired! Now, take yo ass out there and git me my shit from Dray Harris!”
Tracy read the wild hardness in her mother’s green eyes, assessed the degree of tightness around the gray lips, and knew there was no way she would be able to get out of the assignment. Her eyes stung but she blinked back tears and responded obediently.
“Yes, ma’am.”
* * *
It was as if her breathing were controlled by some valve inside her body and someone had slipped inside and turned the valve up, full force. She wanted to stop the raging breaths but could not, so her nostrils flared. She licked her lips, but moments later they were dry again. Her ears roared, the rest of her body pounded. She glanced around, peering, unable to stop the shifting of her eyes. Perspiration lay along her cheeks and rolled away from her armpits, down the sides of her body. She drew her arms away from her body for relief from the sticky dripping sensation. She passed along a sidewalk that ran between two buildings. Jumped when she heard an apartment screen door slam shut. Flinched when a bird skimmed by overhead. She was almost there, and maybe things would go fine, maybe she wouldn’t run into Jinya Daggett today. And maybe Jinya wasn’t mad enough to do something to her. Maybe prison had changed her, made her grow up, and so maybe after Aunt Madge accused them, Jinya had decided to just let things slide. To overlook the accusation. To say, well, yeah, she didn’t beat Tracy this time but she had beat her in the past and they did take the cigarettes, so maybe they deserved the aunt’s lecture.
Yeah, right.
Tracy emerged from between two buildings and hesitated, looking first one way and then the other, down Haines Avenue.
And there she was! On a front porch three doors down, leaning against the iron pole that supported the porch roof. Jinya Daggett’s head was tilted with interest because she was talking to a woman who sat in a chair and wore denim Daisy Duke shorts. The woman was cutting her eyes flirtatiously up at Jinya, and Tracy could see Jinya’s chin and mouth spread in a grin.
Instantly, Tracy headed back the way she had come.
Panic surged in her chest but she did not run. Rather, she walked briskly between the two buildings and kept glancing back. She walked because Jinya had not seen her, so there really was no reason to run. But all the noise in her body—the roaring, the pounding, the panting—grew louder, and when she was in the middle of the path she looked back again and nearly melted with weakness because the giant beige girl now stood yards away, in the same spot where Tracy had wheeled around, and was looking at her! Jinya wore Army boots, camouflage pants, and a large shirt, and her stance and body language—arms held away from her torso, as if suddenly halted in mid-motion—suggested she had run to the spot. Jinya’s face snapped with triumph and mischief.
Later, Tracy would be unable to recall making a conscious decision to run. She would only remember running, and doing so faster than she ever had in her life. Only at the beginning, when they were still between the buildings, did she see Jinya behind her, in pursuit. After that, she lost sight of the manly girl but ran anyway, running hard and strong and fast, her chest burning with the effort, until she reached her mother’s front door. She flung open the screen and pounded the wooden inner door with her fist—Maama! she wailed—and fumbled in her pocket for her door key and tried to insert it in the lock, but the door snatched open and Diane Sullivan, alarmed and angry, asked what the hell was her problem, bamming like that, and Tracy rushed inside and looked outside—no Jinya—and looked at her mother and, winded and shaken and rubbery-legged, said in a trembling voice, “A dog was after me. A rockwilder!”
“I don’t give a fuck ’bout no dog. Did you git my shit from Dray Harris?”
Tracy’s breathing was out of control now; her nostrils flared with such force they locked in that position. But she did a quick comparison of the danger outside and the anger brewing in her mother’s eyes, and decided to go with the familiar.
“Uh, no, he wasn’t home.”
Tracy watched closely. The anger in the green eyes changed course, flowing away from her and toward the invisible Andre Harris. Diane Sullivan turned toward the kitchen. “Shit! Bastard never somewhere when you need ’im. I’ll go find his ass myself.”
Tracy exhaled with relief, glad that Mama and Charles were such stupid grown-ups they couldn’t pay the bill to keep their phone turned on. Otherwise, Mama would have simply paged Dray instead of having to leave the house to find him. Tracy went into her bedroom. Earlier, she had lied to Diane about having a stomachache. Now, she really did have one, and she knew she would have it until she left Area Place and got back to MacDonald Park and Beck Academy. And Miz Grace.


Chapter Thirty-Two
THE CHOSEN
“Patricia Butler.”
“I am here.”
“Sandra Butler.”
“Present.”
“Wanda Carver.”
“Here.”
“Antonette Christian.”
“Here.”
“Evelyn Dent.”
“Heah.”
“Karla Head.”
“Present.”
“Deidre Lowry.”
“Here.”
“Dana McGavin.”
“Present.”
“Kathy Prentiss.”
“Here.”
“Tracy Sullivan.”
“Here.”
“LaKisha Thomas.”
“Here.”
“Vanessa Willis.”
“Here.”
Grace held a sleek black pen in her beautiful manicured fingers but did not make any marks on the attendance sheet. Only when a ball player was absent did she write anything, so for the past three seasons she had rarely made any mark on her roster sheets. Like Tip’s polished cane, she carried the pretty black pen not for need but for effect. When she finished announcing the names, Grace raised her eyes from the clipboard in her hand and looked at the twelve teenagers who stood in a row before her. She allowed a small smile. “Welcome,” she said simply.
The Twelve smiled in return.
Grace took a deep silent breath and released it discreetly. Adjusted her shoulders to stretch the muscles in her neck, something she used to do when preparing for a race. Pulled up her chin, assuming the posture of confidence she had learned as a pre-teen ballerina. The girls were examining her moves, judging her mien, her clothing, she knew it. But she felt confident under their scrutiny because today she had not dressed in sportswear but had donned, instead, equestrian gear: a charcoal-gray knit pullover, snug tan riding pants, brown leather riding boots—a powerful, clinging, sexy costume she knew the students would praise behind her back. Her curly hair rested full and free upon her shoulders. Tip’s silver whistle lay around her neck. A diamond wedding ring and gold-faced watch with leather band adorned her left hand; a bracelet of twisting bronze, bought on a trip to Ghana, clutched her right wrist, while class rings from UCLA and Emory adorned her right fingers. And she gripped the glossy mahogany cane like a queen’s rod. Everything had come together nicely in the mirror that morning, before she left home. She had felt especially pleased with the shape of her body, its taut toned muscles, which usually she hid beneath loose-fitting clothes. But now, on today of all days, she needed to flaunt its strength and form.
Grace drew in a cleansing breath. The other reason she felt good—the collection of talent standing before her. She had made good choices this time. Eight of the girls she already knew; the other four she had investigated Thursday morning, perusing their transcripts and discussing with junior-varsity coach Julia Brown the personality of three of them. At the moment, Julia sat on the bleachers behind Grace, along with the assistants, watching the proceedings. Julia’s reports on student behavior had been good, and all were average or better in their grades. Except one. Sullivan. A troubling academic record, so Grace would address the matter privately with the girl.
Slowly, Grace began pacing before them, swinging the cane at her side. They watched, silent, waiting. In obedience to her command, they had arranged themselves by order of height along the sideline of the basketball court, and now they faced her table-desk and the bleachers. Even as she prepared to speak, Grace absorbed the appearance of each girl. She did so quickly, discreetly, but nonetheless processed a voluminous amount of data on each player entering her field of vision, as if she were a futuristic computer designed for the purpose. It was a skill she had developed over the seasons, one she used to assess the physical condition of her athletes and to tap into their mix of adolescent emotions so that she could lecture effectively.
First in line, standing far left, Subject Number One. Six feet tall. Sophomore. Kathy Prentiss. Fair skin, slouched shoulders, big feet. Daughter of a Connecticut dentist father and a First Union Bank branch-manager mother, a sheen of red, like a rush of blood, undermining the whiteness of her skin (her mother’s skin); coarse ruddy hair, which she wore in a fat kinky braid (her father’s hair); a bulbous round nose and full red lips that hung open, giving her the appearance of an imbecile; happy and eager and not yet fully comprehending. An undeveloped colt. Now wearing soft gray shorts and a green tank top with a yellow T-shirt underneath, her sneakers dull, cracked, vinyl high-tops. She wouldn’t be ripe for play until her senior year.
Subject Two. Five-feet-eleven. Senior. Toni Christian, daughter of a Marietta Lockheed engineer mother and a Cobb County School Board-accountant father; bony gazelle, flat-footed and unhurried, with languid wrists and ankles, thin fingers, and a nose like fragile china; a red river of color underlying her light brown skin; black hair brushed back close to the head, gathered in a small ponytail; an agreeable, nonchalant spirit with a frail voice that cracked when she tried to yell on court; now wearing a pink pullover blouse and loose-fitting denim shorts that were too stubby for her long legs, old white-and-black Air Jordans on her feet. She was ready—mostly to use her pointy elbows as weapons during rebounding—this season.
Subject Three. Five-ten. Sophomore. Tracy Sullivan.
The computerized recorder in Grace’s mind hesitated for a second before resuming its forward pace.
Daughter of a poor single mother, niece of a homemaker aunt and retired military-officer uncle, beautiful and golden and long-limbed and graceful, well-proportioned, with legs built for long-jumping and arms ready for everything the court demanded; lean and muscular and quick. Pleasingly feminine—thank heaven. Youthfully plump cheeks, cute overbite, clean pink lips, though presently marred by a wound. Pretty brown eyes that deceptively appeared to cross slightly over the bridge of her nose; a thick dark bush of hair that from far away seemed coarse and mean but up close became a soft-looking spongy growth that curled gently at the hairline. When she strode into sixth period, the girl wore the hair unencumbered, a dark cloud bouncing above her shoulders, but later, when she emerged from the locker room for P.E., the cloud was subdued in a wide band of rubber or cloth. The warrior, girded for battle. Now, she wore the brown P.E. shorts, a long white T-shirt, and new white Jazz Nelson high-tops. Grace glanced at the shoes as she did the other aspects of the girl’s appearance: without acknowledgement. (She never acknowledged the shoes, even though she knew the students wanted her to, because the sneakers were sinfully overpriced—she knew it, Darrel knew it—and so it embarrassed her to be reminded that she was financially set for life partly because some young person had spent a hundred dollars for a collection of leather sewn together by a poor exploited child laborer in the Far East.) Sullivan, a tenth-grader, was ready now, most likely because, as her transcript revealed, she had repeated the fifth grade and so really should have been a junior. At any rate, she was almost as ready as the seniors and would more than likely outplay them before the season’s end.
Grace felt a rush of pleasure because of Sullivan, subdued the rush, and took in the next girl in line.
Subject Four. Five-nine. Senior. Evelyn Dent, daughter of a Decatur sanitation worker and a Grady Hospital nurse; big-boned and hairy—and comical, with insufferable lazy enunciation, drooping arms, forward-thrusting pelvis, and ankles too small for the body. But sharp and quick-thinking and calm and friendly, with bright points of light in her round black eyes; skin dark and soft and even, like chocolate taffy, with a flat nasal bridge and full lips, unpretentious and unapologetic, with no attempt to change her speech in the midst of her Standard English-speaking school mates—This me. This how I ack. Sep me for who I am. Dent always wore her thick black hair hot-combed and styled in a curly coiffure with an undergrowth of kinky hair near the scalp, and whenever Grace stood near the girl, she detected the warm sweet oily scent of burnt hair shafts and coconut-scented pomade. And yet, not all of Dent’s bodily hair was coarse, for there was soft black fuzz at the nape of her neck, a silky black down, barely visible, that spread beneath her ears and claimed space along her brown cheeks and beneath her nose. Now, Dent wore a gray sweatshirt emblazoned with the words MORRIS BROWN—her older sister attended—navy polyester shorts, thin white socks, plain white sneakers. Even last year Grace had known she would make the girl captain.
Next to Dent, Subject Five. Five-feet-eight. Senior. Patricia Butler, daughter of an Augusta, Georgia, A.M.E. minister father and a schoolteacher mother, who lived with her grandmother in southwest Fulton in order to attend Beck; tobacco brown, possessing full thighs and wide pelvis and a tongue as saturated by the burning fluids of blue-collar alleys as by the gentle waters of bourgeois pews; frank and intimidating from afar, warm and bosomy and protective up close—someone you wanted on your side when your team ventured into frightening territory; startled eyes and thick nose; gapped incisors and generous lips; a snazzy dresser off court, not pretty, but a lover of men and effective with them and therefore vain; a young woman who would mature into one of those industrious old ladies who took the lead in church kitchens—the large-breasted, broad-hipped, bossy ladies who were as quick to spew anecdotes about remembered youthful passions as they were to call on the name of the Lord. Now, the still-young Pat wore a cantaloupe-orange sweatsuit, gold herringbone necklace, and new white Air Jordans (she alternated between Jordan and Jazz footwear, without an apparent preference for either); her hair was a series of small waves, stiffened by gel, running laterally across her head from front to back, culminating in a relaxed bob that barely touched the back of her neck—yet another new style for Pat, though not as becoming as others, and this one without the lengthening assistance of a hair weave. As co-captain, Pat’s spitfire ways would complement Dent’s tranquility.
Subject Six. Five-eight. Sophomore. LaKisha Thomas, daughter of a divorced Snellville mother who was a Crawford Long pediatrics nurse; a shy charcoal-colored girl who always wore her hair parted down the middle, with two thick braids that hung at her sides during class time but were piled atop her head and pinned down during practice; thick lips, deep dimples, a large nose, sleepy brown eyes rimmed by dark lines—natural eyeliner; thick-boned but slender, with strong straight legs and a long, erect torso; now wearing the white shirt and brown shorts of the P.E. uniform, black socks and new black Jazz Nelson sneakers. As yet self-conscious in her place among the Twelve, LaKisha seemed embarrassed when called to behave as a player in the midst of them. She would not blossom until next year, when she learned how to use her valuable large hands and feet.
Subject Seven. Five feet, seven inches. Senior. The other Butler, Sandra, no relation to Pat, the only child of a divorced Baltimore couple, an attorney mother and a physician father; a leggy, feminine, fashionable girl—a beloved relief to Grace; a girl whose soft-spoken manner belied a ready and cutting wit. Not outstanding as a shooter from the field, but dependably focused, accurate in executing plays, effective at the foul line and taller than the average set guard in the league; and always the same smooth temperament on court. (Her biggest upsets were caused by chipped nail polish—which was related to the only point of contention with the girl, for Sandra refused to cut the nails as short as Grace recommended. I can’t go lower than that, Miz Grace, I swear. I can’t be looking like a boy.) Sandra now wore a hooded white Spelman sweatshirt (her mother was an alumna), navy shorts, white ankle socks and clean white Nike tennis shoes (no boyish high tops for her, no way, until she was forced to wear them for games). She had survived the summer and was ready for the starting lineup.
Grace’s scanning gaze lowered. She had left the Land of the Tall and was now scrutinizing the short end of the roster.
Subject Eight. Five-foot-four. Junior. Deidre Lowry, daughter of an Atlanta Federal Express supervisor mother and a plumbing-contractor father, appearing mousy behind her tortoiseshell glasses but actually garrulous and aggressive; not outstanding but consistent at the foul line and on lay-ups; now wearing a tan warm-up suit with shorts, thick maroon socks that she wore neatly folded over her ankles, and white Jazz Nelson sneakers. Might fill Sandra’s shoes, the starting set-guard position, next year.
Subject Nine. Five-foot-three-and-a-half. Junior. Dana McGavin, daughter of a Church of Christ minister father and a Georgia Power vice-president mother, a tomboy from New Jersey whose boyish mannerisms Grace tolerated first because the girl was an outstanding natural athlete—stout and sturdy and quick, muscular and bandy-legged and fearless, and indefatigable—and secondly because she was pleasant and cooperative. She had a delightful, fun-loving, loud way of speaking, a dash of Northern urban color without the vulgarity of Pat Butler—words skipped out of Dana’s mouth with rapidity, in the severe pronunciation of vowels (the “ahs” were “aws”), the music of the Hudson River. She seemed intent on making a point—a clarification—about her gender identity, always wearing lipstick and gold jewelry, including a necklace with a cross, and keeping her naturally crimped hair styled carefully, most often pulled back tightly in a ponytail with a soft curly ringlet at each temple—but despite all the effort, still looking, because of her thick neck and squared chin, like a man in drag. She talked often and loudly about her boyfriend, someone named Carl or Karl (she pronounced it “Koo-awl”) who attended Napier High. Dana now wore new white Jazz Nelson sneaks, white shorts, white T-shirt and, over the shirt, an old red tank top (a relic from the North) with a faded number 5 on it. She was almost ready this season, but her raucous nature, if she were thrown in with the starting five, would clash with the tranquil spirit Grace expected from this year’s Dent-led vanguard.
Subject Ten. Five-foot-three. Sophomore. Vanessa Willis, daughter of a Delta pilot father and math-teacher mother, silent, serious, frank, a transfer student from a private school in Macon; five-three and skinny, with short hair slicked back close to the skull and parted on the side, like a boy’s, but the style was becoming. Aggressive on court, a great rebounder, not afraid to drive to the basket, not intimidated by Toni’s height or Pat’s size; now wearing long cut-off denim shorts, a white T-shirt, and nameless high-tops. Had the potential to become a solid bench player by the end of the season.
Subject Eleven. Five-two. Junior. Karla Head from Fayetteville, cute and petite daughter of a UPS tractor-trailer-driver father and a Grady Hospital lab-technologist mother; five-two, milk chocolate, small features, flat chest, with a nice, compact, well-formed behind, gently bowed strong legs, and elegant hands (her nails rivaled Sandra Butler’s); morally modest and ladylike, a feminine tomboy with a jolly disposition and an unstoppable hook shot, delivered with a graceful step; now wearing the brown P.E. shorts, a pink baby-doll blouse, white tennis shoes, and booties with colored pink ankle balls. She would be the foremost element of femininity for next year’s team. Grace prized her for that reason.
Subject Twelve. Five feet. Junior. Wanda Carver, playful and restless and mischievous, daughter of a CDC-researcher father, and sister of four brothers. Slightly built, a tiny burnt-sienna missile darting around the gymnasium, smiling, joking, stealing balls like an urchin and pumping in shots like a miniature shooting machine—an annoying flicker of light and sound on days when a coach craved quiet. Her flagrant boyish ways—she hadn’t a clue about the art of femininity—offended Grace, and on top of that she was marred with unruly hair and the embarrassing blemish around her eye. And yet, there was something pitiable about Wanda, something adorable—a waif with a desperate need for motherly attention, now wearing a wrinkled black T-shirt and cut-off denim shorts and grungy sneakers. Grace saw in Wanda a reminder of her own ancient history, the days before Tip, when she was an orphan in need of one great, deep, maternal hug. For that reason, more than any other, she accepted Wanda Carver, and kept her close.
Grace had reached the end of the line and now paused. Exhaled.
She turned, glanced briefly at Nikki Justin and Gail Neal, whose schedules had allowed them to stay on as trainers. Also sitting on the bench were Ronnie and Monica, who would act as team helpers. Grace acknowledged all four college students with a nod and brief smile, then looked again at the twelve girls standing before her. Yes, it was a good bunch this year. A tall team, with more players above five-five than she had ever had. A good pair of captains. No contentious ones among them. No boys except for Wanda. No butches, really, although Dana and Vanessa came close. And a promising bench. Grace readied herself for delivery. Although she would, as she spoke, allow her gaze to occasionally fall directly on a student, in actuality she focused on no one as she spoke in the voice of The Coach.
“The twelve of you have just successfully completed what is perhaps the most difficult part of being a player for me, and that is my tryouts. There were almost fifty girls competing for the privilege to stand where you are right now. Does that make you special? Yes. Does it mean I like you? Not necessarily. But it does mean I think you have talent and potential, and for that reason, I chose you.”
She paused, knowing her not necessarily would unnerve some of them. But that was purposeful; she didn’t want players so sure of her approval that they became comfortable. The Voice continued.
“I went to a Catholic high school whose motto was, ‘With Grace, all things are possible,’ meaning, with God’s grace, all things are possible. I want you to remember that, but slightly amended: Take out the God. No, I’m not telling you to forget God in your personal life—I don’t want any of you running out of here telling your folks I’m some kind of blasphemer or an atheist. But I am saying that in here, I am God. I coach this team. So in here, with Grace, with me, all things are possible if you don’t resist me. You must work with me, let my spirit flow through you, because I have a winning spirit. And in order to succeed the way I want you to succeed, you must accept and embrace my spirit. And that simply means doing what I tell you to do. When I give you an order, don’t question it—obey it. If I tell you to play a certain zone and you don’t understand why, just do it. If I tell you to hold off from shooting the ball, and you don’t know why, just do it. If I tell you to go home and do a hundred sit-ups and drink eight glasses of water and shave your heads and slap your mothers—don’t question me. Just do it.”
She paused to let them giggle—they always did, at that point in the lecture.
“Because the truth is, you haven’t just joined a basketball team. You’ve stepped into a way of life. From now on, being a player for me is something you are twenty-four hours a day. Which means that what you eat, what you read, how you perform on an exam, how you dress, even the boyfriend you choose and how you behave with him—should reflect the fact that you are a part of me. You are my girls now. And as such, I expect you to live as I do, by embracing a lifestyle that reflects good health, academic excellence, self-respect, and school pride. Is that understood?”
“Yes, ma’am!”
“Now, if any of you have played basketball in the past for any other school you will erase the memory of that from your minds. Because now you are playing for me and I have my own way of training. You will have gotten a taste of it if you played for Coach Julia, because she knows my thinking and tries to prepare you for my expectations, but now you will get a full dose of how I do things.”
She hesitated. Inhaled, exhaled. What was next? Oh, yes, the femininity lecture.
“As for my immediate expectations. If I wanted to coach boys, I would have asked for Michael Dean’s job at Langston. What is the nickname you have acquired because you play for me? Grace Girls. Or, as the AJC says, the Dainty Dozen. And that’s appropriate. Officially, however, you are the Lady Lions, which is also appropriate because you are ladies, you are female creatures. So conduct yourselves in that manner. That does not mean that I want you to come waltzing in here wearing lace. What it does mean is that I expect you to exhibit behavior expected of ladies, and I want you to do that on court as well as off. So, while we are together as a group, especially when we are at another school, none of you will engage in cursing, loud talking, or horse-playing. And you are certainly never to fight, even if you are provoked. Not only is fighting not lady-like, it also embarrasses me, and anyone who embarrasses me will find herself immediately off this team. Is that understood?”
“Yes, ma’am!”
She paused, took another deep breath, released it, and felt invigorated by the role-playing.
“For games, you will have your hair styled and wear makeup—a light application, not too much, just enough to highlight what’s lovely about your face. Don’t come in here looking like Tammy Faye Baker.”
She paused for the laughs she always got for that remark.
“But do wear a little lipstick, a little eyeliner, mascara, if you like. Smudgeproof, waterproof—don’t want anything getting in your eyes and distracting you. Also, wear earrings. Not large ones, definitely nothing dangling, that’s against league rules because it’s unsafe—you could actually split your lobes. But nice gold studs. And during games, don’t yank on the crotch of your pants—you have nothing hanging down there. Don’t pull on the hem of your shorts when waiting for a free throw. I know they do it in the NBA, but leave that to the men; it doesn’t look right on you. On those occasions when the action is just so good you’ve got to express excitement, make sure the gesture you make is that of a happy woman, not a man: No pumping your fist in the air and barking like a dog. Okay? Watch the seniors, when they play. You’ll see what to do.”
Grace hesitated, thinking quickly. The uniforms lecture was next.
“As for your uniforms, you will receive two—one, burgundy; the other, beige. The beige is for home games, the burgundy, for away games. You must keep them clean and neat at all times. The same applies to your footwear. I will issue brand-new Nikes that I expect you to keep white. Not beige. Not pink because you washed them with a red shirt. White. Okay?”
Nods and smiles and a soft chorus of Yes, ma’am.
“On those Fridays when a pep rally is scheduled, you will wear warm-ups to school. These are good-quality warm-ups, caramel-colored, breathable fabric, that I have paid for out of my own pocket, so you will wear them. You will wear them with monogrammed burgundy T-shirts, white sneakers, and white socks. I will provide those, too. And show courtesy to the cheerleaders—to their captain, Sheila Roundtree, and to their faculty advisor, Mrs. Rice-Paulk—because they work hard for us. Understood?”
“Yes, ma’am!”
Grace took a final look at the Twelve. “Alright,” she said, “you may have a seat. On the first row,” she added.
The players immediately obeyed. As they arrived at the bleachers, only one, Wanda Carver, spoke, touching her forehead in playful greeting and saying to Julia, her former coach, “What’s up, Miss J?”
“Carver,” Grace reprimanded, and the little junior quickly snapped back into solemnity.
Grace looked at the woman Wanda had addressed. “Julia?” she summoned. “Please,” she invited.
The attractive woman in her early thirties immediately rose and walked over, standing beside Grace. Both women faced the girls on the bleachers.
“The woman standing to my left,” Grace said, “really should be standing at my right because ever since I came to Beck four years ago, she has been my right arm. All of you, except Sullivan, already know her as Coach Julia from junior varsity, but what you may not know is that, as senior associate athletic director, Julia Brown wears more hats than anyone else in this department, including me. Everyone on staff reports to her, which gives her an incredible administrative and managerial responsibility. On top of that, she teaches three classes in the complex and, as you know, is head coach of all JV sports. And what is most important to you, she is the one who will act as head coach in the event I am unable to perform my duty as your coach. Now, granted, that has never happened, because in four years I have never missed a day, I have never been sick. But should the occasion arise when she needs to lead you, believe me when I say she is more than qualified to do it. Earlier, I said that she gave you a taste of my training, but that’s not because she doesn’t understand it. She only gives you a taste in JV because she and I have agreed that that’s all you can handle at that stage of your development as a player. But she absolutely understands how I think as a coach, so if you ever find her standing before you, as I am, you are to give your fullest respect and cooperation, and you are to show her that I’ve taught you well. Is that understood?”
“Yes, ma’am!”
Grace looked expectantly at the woman beside her.
Julia spoke pleasantly. “Thank you, Grace. To you girls, I’d like to say congratulations for being chosen to play for this marvelous woman, and I look forward to working with you, should the occasion arise.”
“Thank you, Coach J,” said Pat Butler, a senior who was not afraid to speak out of turn.
“You’re welcome, Miss Butler.”
Emboldened by Pat’s courage—and by Miz Grace’s lack of disapproval—a few others chimed in with their own thank-you’s to the woman who had been their first coach. Julia Brown accepted their words with a smile, then nodded a farewell to Grace before walking off the floor and leaving the gymnasium.
As Julia departed, Grace looked at the young woman beside whom Julia had sat. “Tab?” she called, and a slim and athletic woman in her twenties, with brown skin and Asian facial features, promptly stood beside the coach. She held a clipboard and wore the official uniform of the Beck and Langston athletics staffs—black sweatpants with intermittent tan racing stripes, and a burgundy long-sleeved cotton shirt with black script lettering on the left breast. The lettering said GRESHAM-NELSON SPORTS AND WELLNESS CENTER, and beneath it, stitched in beige block letters, were the words BECK ACADEMY. Around her neck was a coach’s whistle, and her long hair was gathered in a ponytail, fully revealing the slant of her eyes.
“Without Julia, I could not run this department, but without an assistant coach, I could not run this team. This is Tabitha Ling, a graduate of my alma mater, UCLA. She grew up in San Francisco, studied sports medicine and physical education, and is therefore more than qualified to serve as assistant coach and senior trainer. If you get injured, she’s the person to see. If you get tight before a game”—Grace interrupted the gravity to almost smile—“I’m told she has magical fingers.” She became grave again. “Most importantly, if she gives you a command, do it.” Again, Grace almost smiled, and she placed a finger behind her earlobe. “When she speaks, you may have to cup your ear…”
The players chuckled with understanding; Tab was notoriously soft-spoken.
“But,” Grace continued, “when you figure out what she’s said, do it,” she repeated. “She and I are in one accord. And in the event that Coach Julia acts as head coach, she will be completely dependent upon Coach Ling to get the job done. In fact, Julia and I agree that soon, perhaps as soon as spring season, it will be Tabitha who acts as head coach in my absence, and not Coach Julia. So give her your respect.”
“Thank you, Coach Grace,” Tab said softly. “I look forward to working with you,” she told the girls.
“What? What?” teased the seniors, cupping their ears and pretending they hadn’t heard Tab. Everyone chuckled, and even Grace smiled.
Tab smiled shyly, nodded once in greeting and farewell, and returned to the bleachers.
Grace looked at the oldest two college girls sitting on the bleachers, lifted a hand in the air, and wagged her fingers once, beckoning. The two young women immediately stood and walked over to the coach. Since Grace had discussed this moment with them earlier, they knew what to do. They stood, one on each side of her, and faced the twelve players. Grace addressed the Twelve.
“You remember these young ladies from tryouts last week. Gail Neal and Nikki Justin. They are Beck alumnae and graduates of my team, and they will be your trainers for the next month. At the start of October, they will leave us during the week but will remain with us for our Saturday sessions. After the season starts in November, we will no longer have them, because they’ll be fully engaged in their own careers. But until then, we will have the privilege of their experience and their knowledge. I have hired them to assist us because I know they are two of the most outstanding players I have ever had in this program. Neal is a freshman player at Georgia Tech, and Justin is a sophomore at Georgia State. Both were offered full athletic scholarships. Some of their former teammates are right now playing for UGA, UCLA, U-Conn, Duke, Tennessee State, Tech, Clemson, University of Wisconsin, and University of Kentucky. That is what happens to girls who are trained by me. For the next month, I suggest you take full advantage of these two young women here. Learn all you can from them. If they yell at you, speak a little rough from time to time, push you to unbearable limits, don’t take it personally. It’s all part of their goal, and mine, to shape you into the best athletes you can be.”
Grace paused for effect. The Twelve seemed impressed, and she was glad to see this. She knew how crucial it was to instill in players a respect for the trainers. A rocky relationship between the two groups could ruin a team. Grace looked again at the bleachers, at Ronnie and Monica, who understood the cue and came forward, while Gail and Nikki returned to the bleachers. When the two playful helpers flanked her, Grace continued speaking.
“Of course, you all know Ronnie and Monica”—members of the Twelve murmured in laughter—“or Veronica Richardson and Monica Martin, our wonderful team helpers who will assist us during practice and at games. Without them, I could not run the P.E. program. They take care of the things I might overlook—the details that make any system run. And I am very grateful for their diligence and cooperative spirits—they are, as you all know, very smart and knowledgeable, even though they are not ball players themselves, and I find them refreshing to have around. So give them your respect and appreciation. Don’t abuse them, but do take advantage of their services. Allow them to help me maintain order during practice and games. If you need anything, ask them for it. They are ready to get whatever you need to fulfill your role as players.”
Grace dismissed Ronnie and Monica with a nod and thanks, and the best friends walked promptly back to the bleachers and sat. Grace looked again at the Twelve, took a deep breath, released it. This was the end of the lecture and she was pleased with herself for the way she had delivered it.
“Now, I know I’ve said a lot today. Don’t worry, you will receive this information in writing. Some of you already have one of my handbooks. You new players will get one. Everything I’ve said is included in it. Read it,” she ordered. “One other thing,” she added, remembering. “Dent. Pat. Come here.”
The two veteran seniors glanced at each other curiously, stood, and began walking toward their coach.
“Face the others,” Grace told them when they reached her. Dent and Pat obeyed.
“This is Evelyn Dent. This is Patricia Butler. They will be your captains this year. I don’t make this decision lightly. But they have proven themselves to be very qualified for the jobs. Dent was co-captain last year. Even as a junior, seniors looked to her for advice on the floor. She’s a consistent player, even-tempered, and she thinks on court. That is a very important quality for a team leader. She will be your captain.” Grace indicated Pat with a wave of the arm. “Pat is also a shrewd player, and very dependable. Sometimes she has the mouth of a hooker”—Grace paused for chuckles—“which she is going to work on cleaning up this year, or else I will tell her daddy,” she added pointedly, playfully pinching Pat in the side as if the preacher’s daughter had just committed some infraction for which she needed to be punished. Pat cried out in playful complaint, and the others laughed again. “But she has a big heart and more love for people than she wants you to know, so you can always feel free to talk to her. She will be co-captain.”
She paused.
“Does anyone object to having these two ladies lead the team? If so, please speak now.”
Silence.
“Does anyone have any questions or comments about anything I’ve said today?”
Silence.
“All right, then. Let’s get started.”


Chapter Thirty-Three
INTERFERENCE
Three evenings later, Tracy Sullivan trudged into her aunt’s house after basketball practice, leg and back muscles screaming with discomfort. As soon as she stepped inside, she saw Aunt Madge. Looming. Standing in the middle of the den floor, hand on hip, attractive in her impeccably applied Mary Kay makeup, eggshell-blue dress, silken pantyhose, and stylish sling-back heels. But her forehead was creased with displeasure. The woman glanced at her watch and looked questioningly at the girl. “It’s seven-fifteen. I thought practice was over at six-fifteen.”
“Oh,” said Tracy. “Um, Miz Grace kept us late.”
“Why?”
“Um…” Tracy looked perplexed. “I dunno. She just did.”
Madge stared a moment. Looked as if she wanted to say more.
“Sorry,” Tracy offered meekly.
Madge sighed. “Your uncle and I have eaten already. I left your plate on the stove.”
Tracy brightened at the mention of food. She was always ravenous after practice.
“You probably won’t have time to change clothes and eat before the meeting.”
Tracy carefully kept her face free from expression, but inside she brightened even more at the prospect of not going to the Kingdom Hall.
“I guess I’ll have to go without you tonight,” Madge said reluctantly. “But I don’t expect to do that again,” she warned.
“Yes, ma’am,” Tracy responded. Inside, she screamed, Yes!
Madge became thoughtful. “I don’t know, Tracy. If basketball is going to keep you out this late, I don’t know if I want you to be a part of it.”
Tracy’s brows shot upward in alarm. “No!” she denied. “Practice don’t supposed to last this late. These girls named Toni and Dent say Miz Grace don’t usually keep them late. Today was just different.” She held her breath as she waited for the effect of her words.
“Well,” said Madge, “if she kept you once, she’ll do it again. But the next time, if it’s a meeting night, you tell her you can’t stay late. Period. Do you understand?”
“Yes, ma’am,” Tracy said, nodding obediently.
Her aunt turned away and left the den, heading down the hallway to her bedroom. Tracy headed for the kitchen.
“Wash your hands! And not in my kitchen sink!”
Tracy wheeled around and headed for the bathroom located in the central hallway. Moments later, with clean hands, she entered the kitchen, eager and trembling with hunger. On the stove was a plate of food covered with plastic wrap. Through it, she saw broccoli spears, an ear of corn, seasoned potatoes, and a cut of dark meat that she knew must be steak. She picked up the plate, slid one of the tepid broccoli spears out from under the plastic and popped it in her mouth, and in her heart thanked her aunt. After sticking the plate in the microwave oven, she poured a glass of iced tea and thirstily drained the glass. She was pouring more tea when her uncle came to the patio door from outside and slid it open, grinning widely. His voice boomed in the kitchen.
“Hey! Come on out and talk to me!” he invited.
Tracy smiled. She wasn’t sure, but she thought Uncle Ed liked her not just because he was supposed to, not just because she was his wife’s niece, but because she was her. It was a new experience for her, being in a house with a man who treated her the way Cliff Huxtable treated Denise on The Cosby Show—well, almost, because Uncle Ed was serious most of the time, not playful, like Cliff. At any rate, she marveled that he didn’t smoke or drink or use drugs or beat his wife, and had put Aunt Madge in a house so pretty and big they didn’t even have to create space for Tracy to move in. There were three bedrooms, and the house had a large yard that Uncle Ed loved to work in, raking leaves and putting them into bags. Tracy thought his lawn always looked like they lived in an office. She stepped out onto the patio, pleased but thinking about the food in the microwave and hoping her uncle didn’t want to talk long.
On the patio, a push lawnmower lay on its side atop a spread of newspapers. Edward Porter was using a wrench to tighten the bolt that held the blade against the undercarriage.
“Madge upset about you missing the meeting?”
“Yes, sir.”
Ed chuckled once. “She’ll get over it. How’s basketball?”
“It’s ah’right.”
He glanced at her. “How you feel?”
“Tired. Sore!”
Ed laughed. Tracy smiled. She liked it when Uncle Ed laughed.
“You should be sore: You got a good coach.”
Tracy nodded uncertainly but agreed with him. “She so serious about everything,” she complained.
Her uncle stopped his work and looked at her. “You don’t know who you’re playing for, do you?”
“Yes, sir. Miz Grace,” she said innocently.
“I’m not talking about that. The woman’s the best high-school coach in the country right now. And if you think about it, statistically she’s the best coach in the country, period! Even better than John Duras, who coaches her husband’s team.”
“For real?”
“That’s right. People are always trying to get her to talk to them, to find out how she does what she does, because she wins all her games. Nobody wins all their games, I don’t care how good a coach you are. Most of the time, the coach who has the most wins also has the most losses. Because in order to get the most wins, you have to play the most games. But the more games you play, the greater the odds are against you, and you increase your chances of losing. But in her case, it’s not that way. Now, granted, she didn’t do well her first season at that academy. Came there and tried too hard, I guess. But after that first season, she hasn’t lost a single game on the local, state, and regional level. And that’s unheard of in the sports world. Unheard of! People respect her for it—I think it’s a Guinness world record, too—but in my opinion she still doesn’t get the respect she deserves for what she’s done over there, probably because she’s a woman and that kind of thing. And probably because people are so focused on her husband. And then she’s private—you know, doesn’t like the media, never has. And so they paint her cold. Granted, she’s warmer now than when she was running, but she still doesn’t cater to the press. And if you don’t do that, they ignore you even if you do something great. And she’s great.” He paused, giving his niece a meaningful look.
“Yes, sir,” the girl said, and then felt the need to add more. “I mean, I know she’s a good coach. I…” A ball of emotions rolled somewhere inside Tracy, an urge to speak—to shout, even—about Miz Grace and how wonderful she thought the woman was. But she couldn’t find the words or the courage to express these emotions to her uncle. She could only say, “I like being on her team.”
He chuckled again, stood with a grunt, and lowered the mower onto the newspaper. He removed his gloves and placed a big warm hand on her shoulder. “Yeah, I know you do,” he said. “Come on.” He pushed open the patio door and they stepped into the kitchen.
The microwave oven was beeping. Tracy hurried over and removed her plate. She walked to the table and sat while her uncle went to the refrigerator and opened it. At that moment, Madge stepped around the archway that connected the kitchen with the living room. She was fully prepared for the Kingdom Hall now, carrying a black leather Bible with gilded pages, the hardback caramel-colored Witness songbook, and a cream-colored pocketbook. “Ed,” she said with mock sharpness, “don’t go in my refrigerator without washing your hands.”
Ed Porter stood, pitcher of iced tea in hand, and whined, “I’m just trying to get something to drink, Madge!” He looked at Tracy with an expression that said, See what I have to put up with?
Tracy quickly scanned her aunt’s expression—there was reproof and reprimand in the eyes and lips, but no anger. Tracy smiled and relaxed. They were not arguing but were teasing each other the way she had seen couples do on TV.
“You been working in that yard. No telling what you picked up!”
“Woman, I wear gloves!” Ed protested. “Stop treating me like the yard man, now!”
They both glanced at Tracy, who realized with surprise that they were performing for her. She grinned, bowed her head over her plate, and blushed over their marital theatrics.
“And how come you dressed like it’s Sunday?” Her uncle’s voice.
Tracy looked at them again. Married people smiled at each other without smiling, she concluded.
“I have a talk,” Madge explained.
“Oh,” replied Ed with understanding.
“What’s that?” Tracy interrupted.
“A five-minute presentation,” Madge answered. “I give it on stage with another sister.”
“Oh,” said Tracy. She remembered seeing something like that when she visited the hall. At this thought, she bowed her head and became absorbed in eating again and hoped Aunt Madge wouldn’t change her mind and make Tracy go to the meeting tonight, after all.
“You, keep your dirty hands out of my kitchen, and you”—Tracy looked up—“do your homework when you’re finished eating.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Tracy replied. She felt relief when her aunt walked out the door.


Chapter Thirty-Four
CASTING LOTS
“All y’all new girls, git ya asses over here.”
Patricia Butler, senior, issued her order with the casual playfulness of someone who knew she would be obeyed. She stood next to the senior Evelyn Dent, who sat on a bench in the middle of the locker room. There was general amusement over Pat’s words, but Dent, who was captain, mildly scolded, “Don’t be talkin to dem girls like dat—an cussin. You know how M’Grace feel bout dat.”
“Aw, Dent, shut the hell up, I’m runnin’ this,” Pat snapped playfully.
More smiles around the room—the girls knew that Pat and Dent, when they were off court, interacted much as a comedy team, with Pat the bossy wisecracker and Dent the long-suffering straight man. Dent straddled the bench and sat, slumping and patient and humble, as her co-captain took charge of the meeting. The four new girls, sophomores, looked at the captains in the center of the room and seemed stunned by the order, as if surprised anyone had singled them out, and so they did not immediately obey the command.
“Come own,” ordered Pat. “Over here by Dent. Hurrup! Hurrup!” she urged.
The newest Grace Girls—the awkward colt Kathy Prentiss, the leggy and quiet Tracy Sullivan, the shy and dimpled LaKisha Thomas, and the no-nonsense Vanessa Willis—lurched into action and moved to the center of the room, eyes wide with curiosity. At various points around the room, the other two seniors, Antonette Christian and Sandra Butler, and four juniors—Wanda Carver, Karla Head, Deidre Lowry and Dana McGavin—stood at their lockers with smug smiles because, unlike the sophomores, they knew what Pat and Dent were about to do.
With the four rookies standing around her, Pat began to speak, gesticulating, as she always did, with the dramatic animation of a ghetto girl—even though she had never lived in a ghetto.
“Ah’ight, now, I’m about to tell y’all sump’m very important. Y’all can’t be a member of this team without knowing about this.” Pat hesitated, knowing her introduction had captured the attention of her young audience, and savoring its effect on them. “Can y’all keep a secret?” she demanded.
The sophomores nodded.
“Ah’ight, then,” Pat continued. “It’s sump’m the Grace Girls do every year that don’t nobody supposed to know about but us.” Pat paused to look at her audience, relishing her role of Revealer of Secrets. “Y’all know how Miz Grace like to dress, right? Well, we play this game where we guess what color she gon’ wear the next day. Everybody make a guess and then put some money on it. If she come to school wearing the color you picked, you get the pot.”
Pat hesitated, but none of the sophomores had anything to say, so she continued.
“Now, the pot can be big—it just depend on how much money we put in. Sometimes it can be fifteen or twenty dollars. We bet every day ’cept Friday ’cause we don’t have practice on Fridays, but we try to bet the most on Wednesday so whoever win on Thursday can take a big pot home for the weekend. Y’all understand?”
The four sophomores nodded.
“And on Thursday we bet for Monday,” explained Toni Christian.
“Toni, I’m gettin’ to that, I got this!” Pat snapped, her stare lingering pointedly on Toni, which made the others chuckle and grin. Toni twisted her lips wryly and tried not to smile.
Pat pivoted her head away from Toni and looked again at the sophomores. “Since we don’t have practice on Fridays, when we bet on Thursday, we bettin’ on which color Miz Grace gon’ wear on Monday. Got it?” she asked the sophomores, and they nodded. Pat looked at Toni and added, “Satisfied?”
Everyone chuckled again, and Toni rolled her eyes.
To the sophomores, Pat impatiently asked, “Ain’t nobody got no questions?”
The four sophomores shook their heads no.
“Damn y’all some no-talkin’ new girls,” complained Pat. Their silence guaranteed an early end to the stage show of which she was the star, and she did not want it to end so quickly. So she continued, “Well, lemme say this: The Grace Girls been doing this ever since Miz Grace came here, and she ain’t never found out. So if she find out this year, we’ll know one of y’all told.”
The threat loosened the tongues, finally, of the sophomores.
“I ain’t telling,” the serious Vanessa Willis declared defensively. “I know how to keep a secret.”
“Me, too,” murmured the shy and dimpled LaKisha Thomas.
“Yup,” said tall Kathy Prentiss, nodding, eyes wide like an earnest child’s, big red bottom lip hanging open.
Only Tracy Sullivan, the fourth sophomore, said nothing. She merely nodded in agreement with the others.
“And anyway, why don’t y’all tell Miz Grace?” serious Vanessa Willis asked.
The question sounded like a challenge, like a questioning of tradition, and so a silence of displeasure fell over the juniors and seniors in the room.
“Because we don’t,” answered Pat, who thought that was all the explanation Vanessa needed.
“No, I don’t mean it like that,” clarified Vanessa. “I just mean, y’all don’t think Miz Grace would be flattered by it?”
The seniors relaxed—there was no dissension in the ranks, after all—but they also laughed at the idea of Miz Grace approving of a rule violation.
“She don’t know Miz Grace!”
“Sho don’t.”
Pat explained to Vanessa, “If it was somebody else, I’d say maybe, yeah, they would be flattered. But not Miz Grace. We breaking a rule, and that’s all she’ll see if she found out about it.”
“Yep,” agreed Toni. “Miz Grace believe in following rules.”
“Only the ones she likes,” added the soft-spoken senior Sandra Butler. She sat in a corner, inspecting her pretty fingernails for damage. The other seniors chuckled knowingly at Sandra’s remark and nodded in agreement.
When the room was quiet again, Pat resumed her role of instructor. “Y’all got any other questions?”
“Yeah,” said Vanessa. “You said y’all try to guess which color Miz Grace is gonna wear the next day. What if she wears two colors?”
“She usually do,” said Pat. “But you guessing which color she gon’ wear the most of. And pants count more than shirt.”
“What if two people bet the same color?” asked shy and dimpled LaKisha Thomas.
“Then you split the pot.”
From the corner, the New Jersian Dana McGavin piped up. “What if I put in a dollar, but somebody cheap, like Karla, put in fifty cents? We still split it fifty-fifty?”
“I ain’t cheap!” cute petite Karla Head declared, placing a manicured hand on her hip and pretending to be insulted. Everyone laughed.
“Naw,” said Pat, answering Dana. “You’ll git back more than her. Dent got it worked out. It’s based on percents, right, Dent?”
“Yup.”
“She the one good in math,” Pat explained to the sophomores about Dent. “And you ain’t got to worry about her cheating you. Dent ass so honest it ain’t funny.” Pat’s mood shifted—it was time to bring the show to an end with an authoritative flourish. She clapped her hands together once and announced, “Ah’ight, so that’s what we do every day after practice. Y’all in with us? ’Cause we can’t have no traitors up in here.”
The four sophomores and eight upperclasswomen exchanged grave looks. Pat made it a point to drill a stare into each young member until the sophomore nodded in compliance. When she came to the last one, Pat’s face softened and she said, “What you say, Haines Baby Girl? You in with us, too?”
Tracy Sullivan, appalled by the special attention, grew warm in the face. She responded, her breath tight in her chest, “Yeah. I’ll play.”
Pat looked as if she might smile. “But will you keep it a secret?”
“Oh,” said Tracy, understanding. “Yeah.” She nodded. “I will.”
Pat seemed satisfied with the answer. She looked at all the sophomores and said, “Good. Hope y’all brought some money with you ’cause we starting today.” Pat brandished a small notepad and pencil as if they were weapons of war.
Toni, Wanda, and Sandra came forward, each holding up a hand so that all could see she gripped paper money in her fingers.
Pat became excited. “Yes! Green! That’s what I like to see! Nut’n git me happy like taking other people money!”
“You ain’t takin’ my money!” boasted little Wanda. “I know what color Miz Grace gon’ wear tomorrow.”
“Oh, now, here she go!” declared Toni to the other veterans, who chuckled together.
“Yeah. Uh-huh. Sure you do, Wanda,” teased Sandra.
“I do know what color she gon’ wear!”
“Wanda,” said Pat with strained patience, “you say that same thing every year, and every year you be wrong!”
“Not this time!” insisted Wanda. “She gon’ wear red!”
“How the hell you figure that?” asked Pat, humoring the little tomboy Grace Girl.
“’Cause I done figured out her pattern.”
“What pattern, Wanda?” challenged Deidra. “Miz Grace hardly wears the same thing twice!”
“I done seen her wear the same thing twice!” insisted Wanda.
“We ain’t talking about the whistle around her neck,” teased cute Karla.
Laughter.
“All right, don’t believe me. But when I win the pot tomorrow, don’t be askin’ me how I did it! Now, gimme a dollar on red! Blood red!”
“Listen to her,” said Toni to the others, “getting all specific, like she really know what it’s gonna be.”
“I do know!” insisted Wanda.
“That’s ’cause you probably been to Miz Grace house, spying on ’er,” teased Pat.
Laughter.
“Yeah,” added Sandra smoothly. “The peeping tom...boy.”
More laughter. Wanda stuck out her tongue at Sandra.
Pat addressed the sophomores. “New girls, y’all got some money? Cause y’all can add to the pot today, too.”
A commotion of sorts began among the four newest girls as they began scrambling toward their lockers to retrieve money for the game. Someone asked how much money they would need, and Pat, who was greedy, answered, “Five dollars, at least.”
Captain Dent immediately corrected, “Don’t listen to her. Most of the time, people play a dollar.” Dent’s comment, her first official remark of the meeting, sent relief through the younger girls, who knew their skimpy allowances couldn’t accommodate Pat’s inflated suggestion.
“Put your money on the bench, between Dent legs,” instructed Pat. “First,” Pat added, because some of the sophomores had quickly moved to act, “show me what you got, and tell me what color you bet, so I can write it down.”
While the team members announced their chosen colors and Pat recorded the bets and Dent allowed money to be laid between her dark soft thighs, no one noticed the distress of one of the sophomores, who remained apart from the others at her locker. A moment ago, Tracy Sullivan had walked to the lockers, just as the other new players had done, but she had known she would find no money when she got there. The only money she received from Aunt Madge was lunch money, and that was dispensed and spent on a daily basis, for the intended purpose. Knowing this, Tracy’s stomach tightened with worry as she headed for the locker, but she carried out the pretense because she didn’t want to seem the only girl who didn’t have spending money. So she had reached her locker, opened it, and rifled through her backpack as if she expected to find some change. At least it wouldn’t look so bad if she could pretend she’d had extra money but had spent it. Now, her breath coming fast and heavy, her face moist and warm, she realized the awful truth: She would have to return to the group and admit she couldn’t play the game. So with heart pounding, Tracy edged back toward the other girls and watched.
Dent continued to sit, several crumpled dollar bills between her thighs. Draped across the captain’s knee was a navy-blue velvet whiskey bag with a drawstring mouth. Tracy guessed it was where Dent would put the money she collected. Pat was standing, writing in the small notepad and encouraging bids. Tracy watched her teammates but their voices softened into muteness. It was Monday, the beginning of the second week of training, and she still marveled that she was a member of this team. Marveled with secret pleasure, for despite the short amount of time that had passed, Tracy was already beginning to feel close to the other girls. The Grace Girls, the locker room, the sports complex; their playful, sassy exchanges; Miz Grace and her prettiness and quiet ways—all of it formed some wonderful after-school lure to which Tracy looked forward each day, even more than she had to P.E. class. The good feeling continued as the basketball girls ran around the track and worked out with weights, and exercised to Janet Jackson music, all of them together, including Miz Grace. The sharing felt both foreign and sweet to Tracy. She had never had sisters, but being a Grace Girl made her feel as if she were part of some happy all-girl family. But each day, as soon as practice ended, as soon as she walked off the gym floor, a cloak of shyness dropped upon her shoulders, the one that always hampered her actions in new surroundings; the tenacious shyness that gripped her all day, during classes. The Beckoreos, in general, had turned out not to be as unfriendly as she had once believed, but they were still from another world. Still discussed things she knew little about: fathers who lived with their families, and mothers who joined the PTA, and church choirs and elementary schools where children wore blue-and-white uniforms and the teachers were nuns. And so off the basketball court, when she felt she had nothing in her life that was comparable to the lives of her new schoolmates, Tracy remained silent. Silent, and as invisible as she could make herself. It was that way now, in the locker room, for despite her desire to be in their midst, despite the fact that she shared their fascination for Miz Grace and the woman’s clothes, Tracy found it hard to speak in front of her teammates. There were too many of them, too many bodies standing so close to her—and now, something more: the moment when she would have to admit she had no money to play their color game.
“Yo. Yo. Baby Girl? You don’t hear me?”
Something registered in Tracy’s brain and she realized co-captain Pat Butler was addressing her. “Oh,” she said, pounding inside. “You talking to me?”
The others laughed. Tracy glanced around at them, uncertain.
“Yesss, Baby Girl!” hissed Pat with exaggerated impatience. “Where yo brain at? What you bettin’?”
Spurts of breath warmed the skin beneath Tracy’s nostrils and she felt heat radiating from her face. “Um, I, uh, spent my money....”
Tracy was prepared to say more, to stumble out an explanation that would ward away the piteous looks she expected to get, but Pat interrupted with a wave of the hand, saying, “Oh, well, bring some tomorrow.” Pat closed her little notepad and looked at Dent. “That’s it, then.”
“Tracy, here’s a dollar, if you want to bet today.”
Tracy looked. Sandra stood on the other side of the group, arm stretched forth as she held out a dollar bill in her slender pretty fingers. The gestured startled and embarrassed Tracy. Did they think she was a charity case and needed a loan?
“Yeah!” said Pat, eagerly snatching the money from Sandra’s fingers.
“Hey!” protested Sandra.
“Aw, girl, shut up,” snapped Pat, “you know I’m gon’ give it to Dent.”
“That’s right, Tracy, we do that all the time,” Toni explained. “Somebody always forgetting to bring money. Just pay Sandra back tomorrow.”
“Yeah,” said Sandra, “but if you win, I expect a tip.”
Everyone laughed.
Tracy smiled. “Ah’right,” she agreed. “Thanks.” Because she thought that was the end of her part in the discussion, Tracy fell silent and then became puzzled when the others kept looking at her expectantly. She frowned, confused. “What?” she asked.
“Baby Girl?” called Pat sweetly in a tone commingling exasperation and affection. Then she bellowed, “What color! What color you bettin’, Baby G?”
The group laughed again.
This time, Tracy realized their laughter was good-natured. “Oh,” she said, flushed and giggling. Quickly, she thought about her bedroom at Aunt Madge’s house and responded, “Mmmm...pink?”
Pat frowned dubiously. “Hell naw, Baby Girl,” she said. “You think Miz Grace gon’ wear pink? That’s worse than Dana and her yellow.”
“Alright now!” warned Dana, pretending to be insulted.
Tracy, unable to think of a response to Pat’s remark, wriggled uncomfortably. Her discomfort amused Pat, who chuckled, opened her little notebook, and began writing. “Ah’ight, Baby Girl. You want pink, you got pink.” Pat added, “But I don’t think Sandra gon’ be gittin’ no tip tomorrow.”
Everyone laughed and Tracy grinned with them, but as soon as the meeting adjourned, she rushed away to the relief of the showers.
* * *
At lunch the next day, the Grace Girls’ elegant senior, Sandra Butler, paused at the sophomore Grace Girls’ table, leaned over Tracy’s shoulder, and softly said in her ear, “You must be psychic.” When Tracy looked at her questioningly, Sandra smiled pleasantly, lifted her brow cryptically, and walked away. Tracy was confused. What was Sandra talking about? And did it have something to do with what had happened earlier in the day, when Toni and Dent passed her in the corridor? “All I wanna know is how you did it,” Toni had said, her eyes lit with a smile. “Did what?” Tracy asked, to which Toni twisted her lips in an expression that accused Tracy of being disingenuous. Before Tracy could inquire further, the two senior players walked away, with Dent saying, “Tell us at practice.”
Several hours later, Tracy stood in the exercise studio with her sixth-period classmates, saw Miz Grace enter, and immediately understood what Toni and Dent and Sandra meant. Along with a snow-white top, the coach was wearing sweatpants the color of a strawberry milkshake! Tracy’s mouth dropped open in surprise, and she met eyes with Toni, Wanda and Dent, the other members of the team who were in the class. None of them said anything about the matter, but Tracy thought their smiles were strange, as if they were thinking something they did not want to voice. It was the same kind of smile she would later see on the faces of all the teammates during practice. She felt funny, bothered a little, by their expressions, though she wasn’t sure why. At the same time, she felt excited because she remembered what the pink pants meant: She had won money! The first time in her life, and it felt good.
When practice finally ended, Tracy restrained herself from running to the locker room. Once there, she went to her locker to get her street clothes. She was going to pretend nothing out of the ordinary had happened, until it was time to claim her prize, and so she headed for a shower stall. But with her back to the room, she heard Pat Butler’s voice.
“Lock the door, Dana. And Baby Girl, git over here.”
Tracy turned. The eleven team members were gathered as they were yesterday, with the captains at the center of a haphazard circle in the middle of the room. Captain Evelyn Dent sat on the bench and co-captain Pat stood beside her. All were looking at Tracy.
Heart pounding, Tracy obeyed. When she reached Pat, the senior draped an arm around Tracy’s shoulders and assumed a playful conspiratorial air, teasing, “Now, tell the truth. Jazz Nelson yo daddy, right?”
The others laughed, and Tracy glanced at the faces to determine if the laughter was friendly.
“Say,” Pat urged impatiently.
Astounded by the absurd question, Tracy blushed and shook her head in denial. “No!” she said.
“That’s gotta be it!” Pat insisted. “’Cause you tall, got a little game on court, and Miz Grace done broke more than one rule for you. And then you come up in here, play our game for the first time, bet some stupid-ass color like pink, and win! And we figure the only way you could do that is if you got some kinda inside track on Miz Grace.” Pat suddenly gripped the back of Tracy’s neck and interrogated, “So tell the truth: You Jazz Nelson love child?”
“No!” insisted Tracy in a laugh. The grip on her neck was firm and uncomfortable. “For real! I don’t know her or him!”
“Then how you knew she was gon’ wear pink today?” demanded Pat.
“I just guessed,” replied Tracy, still squirming in the grip. “For real! I’m just as surprised as y’all!”
Pat released Tracy’s neck. “’Cause you know ain’t no cheating in this game. You can’t go and ask Miz Grace what she gon’ wear the next day.”
“Or tell her what to wear,” added Deidre.
Tracy was amazed by the accusation, and amused by it, for by now she could tell Pat, if not Deidre, was teasing. “I didn’t do that! I promise! I don’t know her like that!”
Pat relaxed, convinced of Tracy’s innocence. “Then you must got some ESP or sump’m, Baby Girl, ’cause don’t nobody wear pink. Damn!” Pat scratched her head and flipped open her notepad. “Sandra?” she called to the soft-spoken senior who stood in a corner, inspecting her nails. “You the fashion queen. How come you ain’t know Miz Grace was gon’ wear pink?”
Sandra Butler coolly replied, “What do I look like? Dionne Warwick’s friend? I am not a psychic.”
Others chuckled.
“Dent,” said Pat, “where the bag at?”
Between Dent’s thighs was the velvet whiskey bag that held the winnings. She gripped the bag and said, “It’s right here. Where else it-uh be?”
“Don’t be gittin’ smart wit me, dammit, just give Baby Girl the money,” ordered Pat playfully. “Tracy, gitcho lucky ass back over here.”
Tracy, who had begun stepping back over to the showers, obeyed and rejoined Pat. She and the others waited as Dent opened the drawstring mouth of the moneybag.
“Hurrup, Dent! Slow ass,” complained Pat.
“I’m hurrin!” complained the captain. “And don’t be cussin at me.” Dent opened the bag and stood, still straddling the bench. Her black eyes twinkled gleefully. “Tracy, cummere,” she said.
Tracy stood before Dent, heart pounding, ear lobes burning.
“Hold up yo shirt.”
“Like this,” said Pat, indicating Tracy should lift the hem of her T-shirt away from her belly to form a canopy.
Tracy’s face grew instantly damp with nervous perspiration. She obeyed the order but was careful not to lift the shirt high enough to expose her abdomen; there was a scar on her belly she didn’t want them to see.
Dent dumped the contents of the bag onto the canopy and said, “Congrajuhlations.” Coins and several crumpled bills made the shirt’s fabric sag. The room erupted in applause, which shocked Tracy, and she looked about and perceived that the smiles were, indeed, sincere. She smiled, not believing her fortune and the graciousness of her new friends. So this is what it meant to be part of a team! She sat down on the bench beside Dent, gathering the shirt around the money to form a sac and wondering how rich she was.
Pat, looking in her little notebook, said, “Congratulations, Baby Girl! You just won twenty-five dollars!”
“Thanks,” said Tracy, beaming.
“Twenty-three dollars,” corrected a soft voice from the corner of the room.
Everyone looked. Sandra filed an already perfect fingernail. “She owes me a dollar,” she explained. “And a tip.”
Laughter.
Tracy rifled through the money and secured three crumpled one-dollar bills. Dent saw this and protested.
“Don’t geh her no tip, Tracy! Just geh her what you owe her!”
“I don’t mind,” said Tracy. “I wouldn’t-na won if she hadn’t lent me the money.”
“See there?” said Sandra. “The rest of y’all selfish biddies need to take a lesson from Tracy. She sweet!”
Remarks of playful protest filled the room as Tracy walked over and handed Sandra the three bills.
“Thank you, Tracy,” Sandra said and quickly slipped the money down the front of her shirt so that the money could rest between her breasts.
“Make sure it don’t drop out!” teased Dana McGavin. The others laughed.
“Oh, I know you ain’t talking, Dana. I got more up here than you!”
More laughter.
“Neither one of y’all got nothin’,” said Pat, who was full-breasted. “So shut up!”
Laughter.
“Wanda,” someone said, “what happened to your red?”
“Yeah. Her blood red!”
In response to her teammates’ laughter, the tiniest Grace Girl poked out and scrunched together her lips in an expression that admitted defeat and emitted annoyance.
“Wanda can’t stand to see somebody win the color game other than her,” commented Deidre Lowry.
“That ain’t true!”
“Yes, it is, Wanda. You know it’s killing you that Tracy won,” teased Karla Head.
“That ain’t true!”
“Sure it is, Wanda. But you don’t have to worry. Just because Tracy won doesn’t mean she’s going to steal Miz Grace away from you,” teased Sandra.
Amid laughter, Wanda Carver snatched away and headed for the showers. “That ain’t funny! And I changed my mind. I don’t wanna play this game no more!”
“Oh, Wanda, sugar, come back! We were just teasing!” soothed Sandra.
“No!” declared Wanda before disappearing into a shower stall.
Several of the girls, especially the seniors, crumpled in laughter, but Tracy was puzzled by their amusement and felt sorry for Wanda. Later, Tracy was surprised when the senior girls allowed her to walk with them as they left the locker room. Two times this week, she had happened to exit the locker room when they did, but they had pulled ahead of her, remaining separated by the prestige of age, and she had walked alone. But now they slowed their pace to include her.
“But seriously, Baby Girl,” said Pat, as if she and Tracy had just been conversing together, “you a good player. Real good. I wouldn’t be surprised if Miz Grace let you start this year.”
Tracy blushed. “She’ll start a tenth grader?”
“Miz Grace’ll start a first grader if she thought it would help her win,” quipped Toni. The others laughed.
“Yes, but to start Tracy, she’d have to bump somebody. My guess is it would be Wanda,” said Sandra. “At least, I hope so. Otherwise, it’ll be me.”
“Miz Grace wasn’t gon’ start Wanda ass this year no way,” said Pat.
“Of course she was,” insisted Sandra. “Who else is a junior? Karla, Dana, Deidre. Karla’s good, but Wanda’s faster and a better shooter. Deidre has a funky attitude sometimes and she’s not that good of a player. And Dana’s too rough around the edges for Miz Grace. She’ll start them next year, when she has no choice.”
“Dana rough around the edges? What about Wanda?” said Toni.
“Miz Grace overlooks Wanda. You have to, because Wanda’s not going to change.”
The discussion about Wanda gave Tracy the courage to voice her concern. “Why y’all always laugh at her?”
“Who, Wanda? ’Cause she funny!” answered Toni, and the others laughed.
Tracy was not satisfied with the answer but did not know how to articulate this feeling.
“Wanda take the color game too serious,” Pat explained to Tracy.
“That’s right,” agreed Sandra, who was checking her makeup in a compact mirror. “Acts as if she’s hurt when somebody else wins the pot.”
“So she mad at me?” Tracy asked.
“No,” said Toni. “She’s mad at losing, not at you. Wanda don’t stay mad at nobody.”
“I think Wanda feels that when she wins the game, it proves she has some kind of special connection with Miz Grace,” explained Sandra, who planned to study psychology in college. “So she doesn’t like it when somebody gets in the way of that. She’s very, uh, protective when it comes to Miz Grace.” She threw a knowing look at the other seniors, who hummed in agreement.
“That’s one way to put it,” said Pat.
The seniors again exchanged knowing looks.
Tracy saw the exchange and wondered what it meant. “What?” she asked.
“Wanda has a crush on Miz Grace,” explained Sandra casually.
“For real?” asked Tracy, surprised not just by the revelation but by the ease with which Sandra disclosed it. Not only were rich girls not ashamed to walk around in underwear, they also did not seem to be embarrassed by much else. “Is Wanda, uh, like that?” Tracy asked. She hardly used the word gay and had never said lesbian or homosexual, so she wasn’t comfortable pronouncing the words in front of the other girls.
“Yep,” said Toni.
“No,” Sandra quickly countered. “Wanda is not gay. I don’t even think she’s sexually aware yet. Her thing with Miz Grace is more like…the attachment a baby has for its mother.”
“Oh,” said Tracy, although the lack of attachment she felt to her own mother made the concept hard to grasp.
“Yep. ’Cause her mama ran out on the family when Wanda was little,” explained Toni.
“Oh,” said Tracy.
“Good thing Miz Grace doesn’t show favoritism,” remarked Sandra. “If she had a pet, Wanda would probably shoot the girl.”
The seniors chuckled, but Tracy merely smiled because she thought about the little junior with the speedy talk and childish antics and blemished eye and couldn’t help but feel that she had stolen something more than the color game away from Wanda Carver.


Chapter Thirty-Five
THE GRACE METHOD
Each year, during the months of September, October and November, Grace Gresham-Nelson, her twelve ball players, and her assistants locked themselves in a gymnasium for eight to twelve hours a week and transformed themselves into champions. It was no easy task. Grace made sure of that. Practice began promptly at four-fifteen after school, Mondays through Thursdays, and for two hours the athletes endured the most strenuous training of their lives.
September was devoted to getting into shape. The afternoon began with ten minutes of calisthenics before a fifteen-minute jog around the track. Then it was weight training. For thirty minutes, the girls performed body-shaping repetitions using three-pound dumbbells. One day, they flexed and burned the muscles in the chest, shoulders, abdomen and calves (the trainers called it “the ABC workout,” for abdomen, breast, calves); the next day, they worked the thighs, hips, buttocks, back and biceps (“the three-B workout”). Weight training was followed by thirty minutes of step aerobics. Grace, who participated in the workout once a week at the head of the class, preferred the happy upbeat rhythms of Janet Jackson’s Control and Rhythm Nation albums. Finally, accompanied by various R&B hits with steady tempos, a cassette produced by the trainers, the Twelve’s day ended with a twenty-minute ride on stair-climber machines.
October was devoted to ball-handling skills. For the first hour of the day, the girls endured endless drills, none of which, in the beginning, involved touching a ball. These apparently pointless dull exercises—flicking the wrists forward and back with the arms held at the sides, doing the same flicking motions with the arms held above the head, curling the fingers like angry animals—lay the foundation for what was to come. During the second hour, each player shot one hundred freethrows, twenty-five lay-ups, twenty-five set shots, and twenty-five jump shots. Technique was closely monitored by the critical eyes of Grace and the trainers. During the second half of October, the ball-handling drills advanced from simple finger and wrist flicking to flicking while using the ball, to stationary dribbling, to stationary passing, to dribbling and passing while running around the gym, to dribbling and passing while running in symmetrical zigzag patterns, to dribbling and passing while running in patterns and executing lay-ups. By the end of October, these elaborate ball-handling drills consumed most of the two hours of after-school practice.
Saturday-morning sessions were another feature Grace added in October. The first hour was lecture, during which Grace, impeccably dressed in street clothes, imparted to the girls her view of strategy. Basketball, she told them, like most sports, was as much a game of thought as it was exertion. Like chess, she said, one simply had to advance strategically to block the objectives of the other team. She tried to make Saturday lectures interesting, not only discussing techniques and rules but using the trainers to perform staged scenarios that demonstrated on-court mistakes. She showed films of NBA games and documentaries about women’s basketball, and discussed these with the girls. She sometimes used the lecture hour to shape the girls’ thinking in matters of nutrition, hygiene, and comportment. For example, in an attempt to teach the art of graceful movement and restraint, she performed what veteran Grace Girls call “the egg thing.” After demonstrating the ability of an eggshell to withstand pressure from the heels of her palms, Grace stood at her table-desk, a clear crystal bowl sitting before her, the egg held daintily in her beautifully manicured fingers, a delicate gold tennis bracelet dangling from her wrist. “Most things in life,” she said, tapping the eggshell lightly against the rim of the glass, “can be accomplished with the same delicacy and finesse it takes to crack open an egg.” As the golden yolk slipped down the side of the bowl, her point was clear: Accomplish each task with only the amount of effort needed, and make any effort look easy. The demonstration seemed simple, but as a testament to its power, it was the thing most talked about by Grace Girls who had graduated from Beck and moved on to adult lives.
The gymnasium was a sealed sacred chamber during pre-training, but on one Saturday in October, Grace made an exception. On that day, she gave both academies an open invitation to hear a motivational lecture given by Darrel “Jazz” Nelson. To prevent an overflow crowd, the athletic department kept the visit a secret until final announcements on the day before the Saturday visit. The standing rule was that Beck students and staff who arrived on time were let into the complex first, followed by Langston students and employees, and then the public. For the lecture, Darrel spoke warmly to the audience about his life in Alabama, where he grew up in a household that was financially poor but rich in spiritual values. He credited his father with instilling in Darrel a respect for women. “My father always said, ‘There’s nothing smaller than a man who hits a woman, and nothing bigger than one who walks away when he has every reason in the world to lay her out.’” The comment always elicited laughter from his audience, but when they stopped laughing he continued seriously. “I believe that. Because women are God’s gift to the human race. If they didn’t nurture children and men, the species would die out. So how dare a man treat a woman, especially a lady, like anything but a treasure. And when you Beck ladies select a young man to be your special friend, and he doesn’t feel that way about women, leave him alone, he doesn’t deserve you.” The speech endeared him each year to the females in the gym, especially to one, because she knew he lived by his words. Darrel spoke also about his struggles as a college athlete, and his NBA career. He called Grace “the love of my life,” a statement that always made the girls in the audience swoon.
Each year after Darrel’s general lecture, the audience was ushered out of the auditorium so that the Saturday practice session of the Grace Girls could begin. Darrel stayed behind to speak briefly to the Twelve about basketball strategy and mental and physical techniques that helped him become a champion. For the new Grace Girls, this private meeting with Jazz Nelson marked the moment they grew into their status, knew they had arrived socially, became aware that they were not just Beck Girls but Beck Grace Girls—and it was a moment none ever forgot.
Saturday’s second hour was not lecture but activity, an actual full-length game of basketball followed by a brief instructional pep talk and lunch.
The first two weeks of November involved a synthesis of everything already learned: cardiovascular workouts, weight training, ball-handling drills, and scrimmage games. On the first two Saturdays in November, local college women’s teams visited Beck to compete against the Lady Lions. The Girls usually won these games, or came close to doing so. On the third Saturday of the month, training came to an end with a celebration. Grace treated the players and trainers to catered seafood—steamed crab legs and boiled shrimp and deviled crab and flounder filet—and mounds of fresh cut fruit. There were hugs and tears as the girls said good-bye to themselves as co-learners; henceforth, they would be co-players. And so they wept for themselves for moving from one phase, never to be recaptured with the exact same companions, and advancing to another.
And then, for several days, the team rested.


Chapter Thirty-Six
DISCONNECTED
On a Saturday in September, a sunny and bright day, Tracy sat at the window of her bedroom in Area Place. A science book rested, open but unread, on the sill. The window was pushed up to let in fresh air, but its porous metal screen kept Tracy separated from the outside world. In one place, the screen was cut, so a right-angle flap of the wiry mesh curled open—a refreshing and direct link with the outside. At one point, Tracy fingered the curled flap and thought briefly about it. It had always been there, and she wondered who had cut it and why.
Area Place was alive with noises—car horns, conversations from pedestrians, music from passing cars. Tracy couldn’t see the activity, but she heard it, for her window was at the back of the apartment building, and while there was a sidewalk back there, few people used it and hardly anyone congregated in view. Earlier, when it was still morning, Pretty Boy, Drexel, Patrick and Short Fat Bobbie had stopped by the front door, on their way to the playground. Tracy had been ecstatic to see them but didn’t join them. She had too much homework, she’d told them, and her mother had grounded her for not cleaning the kitchen the night before. The second explanation was a lie, but she couldn’t tell them the truth—that she was afraid to run into Virginia Daggett. The only one she would have told, Scooby, had not been with them, and when Tracy asked where he was, the boys said he had been spending most of his time with Sheree.
At least two hours had passed since the boys stopped by. Since then, Tracy had watched Saturday cartoons, listened to Sade on the headphones, and tried to do a homework assignment. She would have phoned someone—she had LaKisha Thomas’ number, and there was always Tree—but Mama’s phone was disconnected. So now, as she sat at the window, Tracy sighed and nursed the irrational thought that no one in Area Place liked her anymore. But then, much to her excitement, two girls came along the sidewalk behind the apartment. Scratchy laughter announced their approach. Tracy looked, curious, then brightened when she saw the girl with the gold nose ring and thick wide hips.
“Tree!”
The girl swiveled her head, still in the midst of laughter, and without a change in expression or mood began walking toward Tracy’s window. Tracy noticed Tree’s reaction, the lack of special excitement they used to share upon seeing each other, and was hurt by it. The girl who was with Tree, someone Tracy did not know, lingered on the sidewalk and peered at Tracy without expression.
In moments, Tree stood in the grass beneath the window.
“Hey,” said Tracy, smiling. Yes, she and Tree were no longer friends, really, but in that moment she was glad to see anybody.
“Girl, where you been?”
“What you mean? You know I’m at my aunt.”
“I know that. But don’t you come home on Saturday?”
“Fridays.”
“Don’t nobody see you,” remarked Tree. “What? You too good to be wit’ us now?”
Tracy searched her ex-friend’s face. She knew Tree well enough to recognize what she saw. This was not their usual playful back-and-forth; Tree was serious. Tracy was so hurt by the realization, so surprised by it, that she could only laugh once weakly and scoff, “Now, Tree, you know me better than that.”
Tree sucked her teeth, lifted her brow, and sighed with affected boredom. Tracy understood the gestures. It was Tree’s anyway expression, and in this case it meant Tree wanted to end the conversation and go. Tree looked back at the girl waiting on the sidewalk. Tracy looked at the girl, too, and knew for sure she had never seen her before, but she looked like a girl who would cuss somebody out for no reason—the type of girl, Tracy realized, Tree must have preferred for a friend. Something inside of Tracy died, and she looked at Tree with the resignation of one about to close the lid of a coffin over a friend’s face.
“Well, don’t let me hold you up,” Tracy offered.
“Ah’ight.”
And then Tree was gone. Tracy left the window and closed it, pulling the science book from the sill. She fell across the bed and felt a pressure in her throat that was the desire to cry, but then she remembered Beck and the fact that she was part of the school’s Important People, and suddenly the choking sensation went away. She didn’t need Tree, a drug-dealing, nose-ring girl from the ghetto. Didn’t need a friend with a funky attitude, because she belonged to the basketball team. She belonged to Miz Grace! And remembering that made Tracy smile and try, again, to focus on the science homework she should have completed hours ago.


Chapter Thirty-Seven
GENTRIFICATION
Grace stood before the team to make the announcement.
“Starting next week, we will begin meeting on Saturdays. Show up at ten o’clock, not ten-oh-one. We will meet here for two hours. The first hour will involve instruction that you will need in order to become well-rounded players. The second hour will be a full-blown game, followed by lunch.”
The girls reacted happily. After a month of grueling workouts and boring ball-handling drills, they would finally get to play.
“Bear in mind that we will meet on Saturdays during the month of October and the first half of November. After that, we are back to weekday practice only. So,” she said, “next Saturday, be here. Understood?”
“Yes, ma’am!” they replied.
“Now, go shower,” she ordered. “Except you, Sullivan. I need to see you.”
While the other girls glanced curiously at Tracy, the rookie flushed with shyness and walked over to the woman’s table-desk, her face hot and moist. At the same time she felt a glint of a good feeling, for Miz Grace had singled her out and was going to talk with her one-on-one! When she reached the table, Tracy glanced at the woman’s face. It was void of emotion.
“Your grade-point average is too low. I’ve enrolled you in our tutoring program, which will begin meeting this week after school and on Saturday mornings. You will attend the sessions for one hour each day and then come to practice. If you don’t attend, you can’t stay on my team. If your grades don’t improve, you can’t stay on my team. Understood?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Alright,” the woman said. It was a dismissal. The teen obediently walked away.
* * *
The late-evening sky burned softly with deep purples and shades of orange, the world succumbing to shadows, when Grace left Beck one Thursday evening in early October. By the time she drove onto her estate forty minutes later, the sky was black. She could see the huge manicured lawn and the small pond, illuminated by lake lights, with its sable and placid geese and ducks, in no hurry to migrate farther South but lingering in the unseasonable warmth of Georgia’s autumn. She thought of Darrel, whom she knew was inside, for he had called her on the Jag phone to see where she was. At times like this, she noticed with appreciation the features of the estate and felt a kindled gratitude for Darrel, for despite her fame as Amazing Grace, it was his career, his money, that placed her in the seat of luxury. Product endorsements for a black female athlete in the 1970s, even with Olympic gold, didn’t yield a quarter of the earnings male athletes like Darrel commanded today. And so even though it was often her ideas and advice that resulted in turning his money into something they could both enjoy, the fact remained that his earnings made it possible for her to give full attention to Beck—to build a state-of-the-art sports complex, to create the efficient and harmonious athletic department she had always dreamed of leading, and to mold a succession of championship teams. Grace smiled, drove the Jag into its spot in the garage, and was soon inside the mansion.
A pleasant lemony odor lingered in the air of the laundry room, and in the kitchen, warm pots of aromatic food sat on the stove. Mrs. Gentry. Grace walked over to examine the contents of the cookware. Not until the maid had been cooking at Gracewood for two weeks did Grace feel trusting enough to sample the woman’s cooking, and finding the taste superb and nothing amiss in her bodily functions thereafter, she decided that thenceforth she would avail herself of the maid’s culinary efforts. After all, the cooking had not killed Darrel. Grace smiled at her own absurdity, knowing that her paranoia was borne not so much out of distrust as it was resentment over the woman’s presence. Even now, a month into the maid arrangement, she struggled with the idea, but she had to admit that the thought of a strange woman roving about in her home was not as troubling as it had been even two weeks ago. Grace knew it was because she had become so absorbed in basketball training that she didn’t have mental energy, at the end of the day, to devote to anything else. Including Darrel. So when he stuck his head and shoulders through the swinging door that connected the kitchen with the den—he had heard her entry—she readied herself to pay him kind attention.
Darrel peered at her with mock suspicion and playfully asked, “Is it safe to speak?”
She cut her eyes at him and smiled.
Darrel broke into a grin and entered the room. “I never know these days,” he explained, walking over to her, where she stood at the stove, lifting pot lids. He reached her, slid his arms around her waist. “You know how you get during training. ‘Don’t touch me, Darrel!’” he mocked in a falsetto voice. “‘I’m too tired to be touched!’”
Grace chuckled. He was right. When training was underway, she became so single-minded that any attempt at intimacy on his part became a greater annoyance and intrusion than usual, and so she responded by brushing him aside or not coming home at all. They owned a condominium near MacDonald Park and sometimes, after a particularly exhausting day of training, she would retreat to it, staying as many as three nights during the week. Darrel hated it when she did that, but in years past she had found it necessary in order to remain focused during the pre-season. This year, she promised herself she would try not to sleep at the condo but would come home each night to the mansion, when he was in town. Even so, she had remained emotionally distant, which is why she knew he was happy to see her in a sociable mood tonight.
From behind, he squeezed her tightly, holding her against his legs. She reached into one of the pots and removed a spear of cooked broccoli, popped it in her mouth, liked the taste.
“I have missed you, woman.”
Chewing, she acknowledged his words with a low sound in her throat.
“Past two weeks, you’ve been nothing but a voice on the phone,” he continued.
She popped in another spear of the vegetable and, mouth full, replied, “So have you.”
“I know,” he admitted. “With both of us training, and me going straight from the arena to the office, we don’t see each other. And you’re asleep by the time I get home.”
“And you’ve been out of town on the weekends,” she reminded him.
“I know, but that can’t be helped.”
“I know. But remember, I need you to come talk to the girls one Saturday this month.” She licked her fingertips.
He squeezed her affectionately. “Uh…” he said with affected dread.
She turned her head and peered up at him. “What?” she demanded.
“Would it be alright if I talked to them next month?”
“Darrel! You know I like you to come in October.”
“I know, baby, but my weekends are booked this month. Jay did it.”
She looked at him a moment, exasperated, then relented. Jay was Darrel’s sports agent and his appointments were often ironclad. “Well, your visit’s a surprise, anyway, so I guess it doesn’t matter if you don’t come this month. Just make sure you come. They may not know when, but word has gotten around that you visit my girls during the pre-season.”
“Alright, alright, I’ll be there,” he assured.
Grace picked up a serving spoon that rested on the stove top. “And why do you spend so much time at the office when you’re in town? Isn’t that why you hired Carol? To oversee?”
“Yeah, but you know I like to be there when I’m off the road. Like to know firsthand what’s going on.”
She made a low sound in her throat, removed the lid from the casserole dish, dug the spoon into a corner of the spinach-and-cheese offering. When she had secured a little on the spoon, she slid it off with her teeth and chewed.
“I think you’re beginning to like having a maid around here,” he observed.
She put down the spoon, turned her head to look at him. A light shone in her eyes but she did not answer him. Instead, she said, “I’m going to get my bath.” She pulled out of his arms and moved toward the door that led to the front hall.
“How’s training? How’s the team looking?”
She stopped, as Darrel knew she would.
“Good. Really good. There’s this one girl, a sophomore. Tracy Sullivan. Plays like a senior—no, better than the seniors. Amazing to watch.”
Darrel folded his arms, smiled, nodded attentively, trying to project more interest than he felt so that his wife would stay and talk to him. “Is that right? Where’d you find her?”
“She came to us. From L. Carlton Haines,” she said and watched for his reaction.
“Your rival? You’re kidding. How’d she end up at Beck?”
“Her aunt and uncle live in MacDonald Park. She came to live with them. My luck,” Grace said.
“So what are you going to do with her?”
“I haven’t decided her role yet, but she’s damn sure not going to be on the bench, tell you that.”
With that, she turned to leave.
“Grace.”
She turned. His voice indicated he wanted to discuss something she was not going to like. She looked at him and demanded with an expression to know what it was.
Darrel swiped his palm nervously across his lips. “Um…there’s something you might not like…when you get upstairs.”
She just looked at him.
“Uh…I had Mrs. Gentry…clean the bedroom,” he admitted and peered at her sheepishly.
The news did not anger Grace, as Darrel expected it to. Instead, she continued to stare at him without expression even as she considered, with surprise, her own lack of anger. So the maid had been in their bedroom. In the bathroom. Oh, well. The old woman had already handled Grace’s intimate apparel, so as far as Grace was concerned, the woman had already been in their bedroom. Grace sighed. Nothing to do about it now—it had been inevitable, anyway. Besides, if Mrs. Gentry cleaned the master suite as well as she tackled the rest of the house, then arriving upstairs in a moment should yield a pleasure.
“I-I know how you feel about it,” Darrel stammered, “but, well, I wanted it done. I-I mean, that’s part of what I wanted a maid for. Clean my bedroom. You know?” He paused and braced for her reaction.
“It’s okay,” Grace said.
Darrel’s face registered surprise. Grace noted his reaction with amusement and pushed through the swinging door and was gone.
They did not see each other again for three weeks.
On that day, which was also a Thursday, Grace entered the laundry room with her hands full. She carried her attaché, shoulder purse, and a bundle of dry-cleaned outfits. But also she was curious. Mrs. Gentry’s green sedan was parked outside, even though the maid should have gone home hours ago. Grace passed the washing machine, which sloshed warm water through a wash cycle. Beside it, the dryer hummed and gently tossed socks and linen. The room smelled sweetly of fabric softener. On the other side of the room, the shampooing station, industrial hair dryer, stylist’s chair, and wall mirror sat in dimness, silent and unused and polished. Grace opened the door to the kitchen and stepped inside. Immediately, she saw the older woman at the stove.
Mrs. Gentry looked back and smiled warmly. “Well, hi!”
“Hi,” Grace responded. She was not sure, but she thought she saw the older woman’s chest rise and fall at the sight of her, as it does in one who is pleasantly overwhelmed. Grace thought the reaction curious. Was it a sign of relief? Or perhaps nervousness? She had spent the last three nights at the condo in town, so maybe the maid had not expected her at the mansion tonight and was disconcerted because of it. Grace walked to the counter and laid her garments and purse on the island.
Mrs. Gentry stepped forward with arms extended. “Let me take those upstairs for you,” she offered.
Grace dismissed the offer with a wave. “No, I’ll do it.”
“I don’t mind,” the maid insisted.
“No,” Grace repeated firmly but with a quick smile of appreciation. “I’ll take them.”
Mrs. Gentry stood uncertainly in the middle of the floor.
Grace continued to smile courteously at the woman, but secretly she was fascinated by the maid’s bewilderment at being told not to perform a task. Grace admired this devotion to duty; it was the sort of diligence she displayed in coaching, and discovering it in her housekeeper made Grace take a moment to ponder the other woman. For weeks now, she had walked into the effects of Mrs. Gentry, but this was the first time they had seen each other in more than a month, and Grace had forgotten the details of the woman’s face—again. Seeing the face now, with its taupe skin and luxuriant eyelashes, Grace observed vestiges of youthful beauty in the weary eyes and softening jowls.
“You’re here late.” Grace made the observation pleasantly but was demanding an explanation.
“Yes,” Mrs. Gentry said, wiping her hands on her apron. “Mr. Nelson hurt a muscle today, practicing with the team.” At the mention of Darrel, the maid tossed her head in the direction of the den. “He’s supposed to stay off his leg, so I waited around to get him what he needed.” She smiled. “But you’re here now. So I can go.” She nodded once and turned away, untying the apron as she moved across the room.
Her abrupt departure startled Grace. “Um…you…have some laundry going. Don’t you?”
The maid’s mouth popped open with remembrance. “That’s right, I forgot about that. You don’t mind if I—stay behind—to finish it?”
“No,” Grace said, and realized she meant it. “Stay as long as you like. To finish what you need to do,” she added.
Both women nodded in acknowledgment, exchanging quick shy looks, and neither seemed in a hurry to depart.
Mrs. Gentry smiled nervously. “I…hope you enjoy the dinner tonight.”
Grace stammered. “Sure. I—have been meaning to—thank you for the other meals. I’ve—enjoyed them. Yes.”
The maid hesitated.
“You’re an excellent cook,” Grace added.
The maid was immensely pleased. “Thank you,” she said.
They hesitated.
“And now I’ll go and finish these clothes,” Mrs. Gentry said, retreating to the laundry room.
When she was alone, Grace walked to the stove and looked at the food. Stewed collard greens and whole-kernel corn, steamed squash and baked Talapia fillets. She took a pinch of the fish and popped it into her mouth. The flaky white meat was lemon-peppery, delectable, and warm, and she couldn’t wait to sit down for dinner. She left the kitchen, pushing open the door of the den and going to the couch in the middle of the room, where Darrel lay on his back, snoozing. He wore shorts and a T-shirt, and one limp long arm lay across his abdomen. Quickly, her eyes went to his legs in search of the injury Mrs. Gentry had mentioned. A flesh-colored Ace bandage gripped his left thigh. Grace sat on the couch beside his chest and his eyes flickered open.
“Hey,” he said, his voice bass from sleep.
She smiled at him and nodded toward his leg. “What happened?”
“Pulled it,” he said curtly.
“Not the hamstring,” she said hopefully.
“Nah.” He slid a finger along a band of the quadriceps near the front of the thigh. “Along here,” he explained. “Be alright. Little rest.”
“Let me see it,” she said, reaching.
“It’s alright,” he objected.
“No, let me,” she insisted, touching his leg muscle gently.
He moved the leg away from her fingers and gently grabbed her wrist. “It’s alright,” he repeated firmly.
Surprised by his grip, she looked at his face. He kept his eyes downcast and there was no smile in his features. He released her wrist. She concluded he was either not being truthful about the injury or else he was upset with her. She tested her suspicion by bending forward and kissing his lips. She pulled away and watched his reaction. He looked at her with mild surprise and twisted his mouth in a weak smile.
“That for?” he asked.
“Been a while,” she admitted.
His smile vanished. “Yeah,” he agreed pointedly.
She watched him in silence.
“What?” he finally asked irritably.
“You’re upset with me,” she observed.
“For what?” he denied.
Again she watched him a moment. “Every year,” she said, “when training gets intense, I spend the night in town. You know that. And every year, you act like this.”
He sat up on the couch now, fully awake. “Yeah,” he agreed, “because I didn’t have this house built in the franchise city just so I could come home to an empty house.”
“You know I need time alone to relax and think.”
He was infused now with the desire to argue. “Oh! And ten thousand square feet isn’t big enough for you to find some place to be alone?”
She hesitated, examining him. “You know what it takes to get my head where it needs to be so that I can do what I do at that school. You, of all people, should understand that.”
“I understand that, Grace, I’m not stupid. As a matter of fact, I’m an athlete, too, in case you’ve forgotten, and I got to keep my head together, too. But I know how to do that without shutting my wife out. Without keeping another house and telling her she’s not welcome in it because I have to go there to think.”
She took a deep breath and tried to choose her words carefully. “First of all, Darrel, you were the one who told me not to get rid of the condo, to keep it for our use, but it wasn’t being used, it was just sitting there. Secondly, I have never told you that you can’t come there. It’s your place, too.”
“No, but you have made it very clear, Grace, that when you go there, you don’t want to be bothered. So that’s the same as saying I’m not supposed to be there.” He grimaced as he swung his legs off the couch. She stood to get out of his way. “Almost makes me wonder what you got going on up there that you don’t want me to know about.”
She laughed in disbelief. “Oh, Darrel, please!”
“Please?” he repeated. “Put the shoe on the other foot, Grace. How would you feel if I holed up somewhere in town during Playoffs and didn’t want you there? Which would make more sense, with the pressure I’m under to bring the team another championship.”
She sighed, looking at him gently, and said, “I’m here tonight, Darrel.”
He turned away from her, limping. “Well, I’m not.”
She gaped with surprise and amusement because she thought he was leaving the house. “Where are you going, with a bum leg?”
“Downstairs. I need to be alone,” he retorted sarcastically. He was leaving the room and entering the piano parlor.
“Darrel, should you be up on that leg—?”
“Don’t worry about that,” he interrupted. “You don’t care enough to stay here during the week, don’t worry about me now.”
She sighed again. His petulance annoyed her. “Is that what this is about? You’re pouting because I wasn’t here when you scraped your knee?” She followed him.
“No reason for you to be downtown when I’m out here. Unless you’re doing something,” he added.
“I am doing something,” she said heatedly. He hesitated, looked at her. They stood near the white baby grand. He leaned on it for support. “I’m doing the same thing you do: Working! You don’t spend the night here three hundred days out of the year because of your job. I can’t do the same thing because of my job?”
He turned, began limping away. “Ain’t the same thing.”
She followed. “Why isn’t it?” she demanded. “My career is as important to me as yours is to you, Darrel.”
“Yeah, well, as serious as you take it, you’d think your job was the one taking care of us.”
She abruptly stopped. And gasped. Darrel moved into the foyer and was gone.
Grace stifled the desire to go after him because the confrontation would have been a terrific one. But indignation burned in her chest like a bonfire, its heat radiating to her face. She stood near the entrance of the parlor, closed her eyes, willed the heat away—willed it—inhaled deeply, reminded herself that she had married a man who so desired to be in her presence he said things he did not mean when deprived of that privilege. Still, his parting words lodged in her heart, in her pride, creating a wound she knew would not heal any time soon. She decided, in that moment, that rather than seduce him tonight, as she had planned to do, she would withhold herself from him indefinitely. She could do that easily, yes, she could. Besides, with his awful words, he had just earned the loss.
Grace recovered with a deep breath and walked back into the kitchen. At the same time, Mrs. Gentry came out of the laundry room with a basket of linen in her hands.
“May I fix you a plate, Mrs. Nelson?” the maid asked over the basket.
Grace reached the island counter and picked up her overnight bag. “No, thank you. I’m going to bathe first.” She draped the clothes over her forearm and used her free hand to rub the back of her neck, which was suddenly tense.
“Then I’ll go up and get your water run for you,” said Mrs. Gentry as she headed for the swinging door that connected the kitchen to the front hall. “Very warm or hot?” she asked, hesitating at the door.
“Hot,” said Grace, surprised at the ease with which she responded to the older woman’s offer.
Arlene Gentry nodded in compliance and pushed her hip against the door to exit—but hesitated again to look at her employer. At the island, Grace Gresham had paused, briefcase in hand, the same arm draped with clothes, a distant expression on her face. The couple had argued—Mrs. Gentry had overheard the rhythms of angered speech, especially from Darrel—and so she surmised that the argument was the reason for Grace’s changed, somber mood. Now Grace closed her eyes and rested a hand against the back of her neck. Arlene reached inside for courage and managed to sound casual and warm.
“Tough day at school?”
Grace opened her eyes, surprised to see the older woman still standing in the room. “It…The usual.” A spasm sent her hand to the back of her neck again, where she squeezed the trapezius and grimaced.
“You okay?” the maid asked pleasantly.
“Yes,” said Grace, suddenly desiring to be alone. “I guess I need to make an extra appointment with my masseuse—listen, thank you for looking after Darrel. He can be such a baby when he’s hurt. But since you’ve already stayed longer than you were supposed to….”
“I didn’t mind….”
“…you don’t have to stay for the laundry. I’ll finish it.”
“Looks like you could use some looking after yourself,” the maid observed. Grace was squeezing her neck again. The older woman walked over to the counter and set the basket of linen on top. Grace looked at the woman with curiosity. Without waiting to be asked, Mrs. Gentry moved toward Grace, saying, “Let me do that.” She stood behind Grace and placed her hands on the strong young shoulders.
Grace did not move away or object, though she was uncomfortable with the maid’s unexpected gesture of familiarity. She had come to accept the idea of having a maid, but this certainly went beyond her expectations, and she was not sure how to abort the act without hurting the older woman’s feelings. The hands were moving now, squeezing the raging muscles with just the right amount of pressure.
“I used to do this for a living, you know.”
Grace turned her head slightly in the direction of the face behind her. “You were a masseuse?”
“No, I was a nurse who was exploited as a masseuse.” Mrs. Gentry chuckled. “Old half-white woman I worked for in New Orleans always had ‘tightness’ everywhere. Claimed she couldn’t get through a day without one of my massages. I think she was just a spoiled old bat used to being pampered. I didn’t always mind, though. She always paid me on time. And I think she had a good heart—once.” She chuckled again.
Grace smiled politely, but under the pinching palms she had slipped into a sort of languor and an appreciation for the gratifying feel of the strong hands. “That’s—oh—good,” she remarked. “I actually…have a masseuse already. But—I already told you that, didn’t I?” She chuckled nervously, still embarrassed by the intimacy. Behind her, Mrs. Gentry’s voice was suddenly soft and earnest.
“Well, as hard as you work, Mrs. Nelson, it’s not surprising you need someone to squeeze out the tension. It can’t be easy being the best coach in the country.”
Grace stifled a gasp, not wanting the maid to hear it. She had not realized Mrs. Gentry was truly aware of what she did at Beck, and so the woman’s complimenting words entered Grace and became as soothing as the fingers kneading her muscles. With her back to the other woman, Grace smiled. And relaxed. And allowed the intrusion—welcomed it, even. And then, wanting a fuller effect from the treatment, Grace bent her head forward and pushed her hair out of the way. Mrs. Gentry responded by kneading the area between the scapulae and at the back of the neck. Grace closed her eyes and absorbed the ripples of pleasure from the rolling knuckles and commanding fingertips.
Several moments later, the maid moved her hands back to their original positions, on either side of the neck, squeezed a few times more, and released Grace’s flesh. “There,” she announced. “Maybe that’ll help.” Without waiting for a thank you, she walked back to her basket of linen and picked it up.
“Thank you,” said Grace sincerely. She wanted more, needed more—her back felt better but remained tense in some spots—but she stood silent and smiled politely when Mrs. Gentry looked her way.
“I’ll put these away, get your bath started, and then I’ll be gone. Don’t forget there’s one more load drying.”
“Okay,” said Grace. “Thanks again.”
Mrs. Gentry smiled, pushed open the door with her hip, and was gone. Grace stood by the counter, stunned. She lived behind walls, had always lived behind walls, and throughout her life had been quite careful about who she allowed inside those walls to be with her. But now this woman she did not know, this woman she had managed to keep at arm’s length even though Mrs. Gentry moved inside Grace’s home two days a week and left vestiges of herself everywhere, this woman, this stranger, had done the unthinkable: She had managed to slip inside those walls, audaciously but gently, and laid her hands upon Grace’s flesh, something few people were allowed to do. And Grace still did not know how it had happened.
* * *
“Diane, it’s me.”
“What you want?”
“Tracy has to be at school on Saturday mornings. She has tutoring and basketball practice until twelve o’clock.”
“And?”
“And she wanted your permission to come home on Saturdays instead of Fridays.”
“Long as she come.”
“Thank you. How are you?”
“You don’t give a damn how I am, Madge, so don’t ask.”
“Alright.”
They hung up at the same time.


Chapter Thirty-Eight
A TIME TO PREY
One day in the middle of October, Tracy Sullivan closed the door to her locker on the first hall of the classroom building. She was the only person in the corridor. The guidance counselor had summoned her to the office to give her a form Aunt Madge needed to fill out, and the deviation from her routine had made Tracy late for third period. Now, hugging a fresh supply of books to her chest, she spun around and immediately bumped into the broad chest of Eric Richardson. Tracy stepped back, gasped, her face instantly hot with embarrassment.
“Boy!” she cried in surprise, her voice lowered. “What you doing here?”
Eric smiled crookedly. “Looking for you,” he said softly.
Tracy’s heart pounded. The only time Langston boys were allowed to socialize with Beck girls on campus was during lunch, and before and after school, and for the latter they were restricted to the parking lot and courtyard. But here was Eric, in the Big Sisters’ classroom building! Had he really come looking for her? She examined his face—his sly smile, deep dimples, the playful gray-green eyes that bore earnestly into hers. Maybe he did mean what he’d said. An acute attack of bashfulness made Tracy’s face damp, so shimmering warmth glistened on the skin beneath her eyes.
“You…gonna get in trouble for being over here,” she stammered.
Eric held up a purple slip of paper in his fingers, a Langston hall pass. “I’m legit. Running an errand for Coach. Going to see your coach,” he said, a light in his eyes.
Tracy nodded but didn’t ask why he was going to see Miz Grace. Instead, she remembered who he was and was afraid someone might see them and wonder why she was talking to Sheila Roundtree’s man. “I gotta go before I’m late for class,” she said, hugging her books tighter and stepping around him.
He grasped her gently by the arm. “Wait.”
She hesitated, looked at him, tried to conceal her curiosity.
“Why you keep walking off every time I talk to you?”
She took in a shaky breath, not sure how to respond—until she remembered Sheila. “You know why,” she answered pointedly.
“I don’t,” Eric insisted innocently.
Tracy rolled her eyes and sucked her teeth but couldn’t think of a retort. Instead, she found herself gazing at the front of his body. He wore a pastel blue cashmere sweater that seemed to strain under the pressure of his muscular chest. Her gaze dropped to his pants. The fabric puffed out in the lap of his blue jeans, and she wondered how much of it was air and how much was him. She jerked her gaze away, her face hot, and stared down the hall, hoping Eric hadn’t noticed where her eyes had been.
“What?” he probed. “Because of Sheila? I already told you—ah’ight,” he broke off. “Ah’ight, I’m not gonna lie to you, Tracy, ’cause I like you. I do.” He hesitated, leaning close to her. She smelled him—floral-spicy men’s cologne—and felt weak. “You’re right,” Eric admitted softly, gazing down the corridor. “About Sheila and me. Ah’ight?”
Eric trained his large gray eyes on her. Because of his beautiful stare, something hesitated pleasantly in Tracy’s chest, but she tilted her head indignantly, glowered at him, and started to walk away. He reached out again and gripped her wrist, not letting her leave.
“I’m not trying to disrespect Sheila. Or you. But I can tell you’re not like these other girls around here, Tracy. All they care about is clothes and money. And gossip. But you’re different. Don’t seem like you get involved in all that immature stuff. Right?”
Tracy lifted a brow but didn’t reply.
“In fact,” Eric continued, releasing her wrist, “you look like a girl who can keep a secret. So I know I can tell you things and…they’ll stay between you and me, right?”
She stared at him, sensing that it was not safe to agree with him.
“Right?” he repeated.
She nodded but refused to speak.
“Ah’ight, then. The truth about it is that you’re so pretty to me, Tracy. I can’t help myself around you. I feel weak every time I see you.”
This time, she couldn’t suppress it—her expression revealed surprise and uncertainty. Was the beautiful Eric Richardson really saying something like this to her? And did he mean it? Her heart began to thump hard.
“It’s like this,” he continued. “You like chocolate milkshakes, right?”
“What?” she asked, confused. Milkshakes? An image of a McDonald’s restaurant flashed through her mind and she thought he was going to ask her out to eat.
“I’m serious. You like chocolate milkshakes?”
She nodded. “Yeah.”
“I do, too. I love chocolate milkshakes. But suppose you drink one every day? Eventually, you’re gonna want something different—strawberry or vanilla. Right? That’s natural. Doesn’t mean you don’t like chocolate any more. Just means you want to taste vanilla, for a change. You follow me?”
She didn’t, and her expression revealed this.
Impatience flickered across Eric’s face but softened into a seductive gaze. “You’re vanilla, Tracy. You’re vanilla milkshake to me. And I just want to see how you taste.” He flicked his tongue over his full rosy lips. “Am I wrong for that?”
She gasped. A flood of warmth spread across her face and arms and chest and belly, causing her to look away from his eyes.
“Think about it,” he advised. “Keep it between us, ah’ight?” he added. “I’m trusting you—”
“Eric Richardson!” said a stern, reedy male voice. “Why are you in my school?”
Tracy and Eric, startled, looked down the hall. Standing outside the Big Sisters dean’s office was Dr. Allen. His manner was one of mock anger—everyone liked Eric Richardson—and so Eric burst into a grin and held up his purple hall pass.
“I gotta pass, Doc! Coach sent me over to borrow a stopwatch from Miss Grace! His broke!”
“If you don’t get out of this classroom building and leave that young lady alone, a watch won’t be the only thing that’s broken! I have told you boys to stop preying on my girls!”
Tracy grinned. She was surprised to hear the soft-spoken Dr. Allen speak forcefully. And she liked the fact that he called the Beck students his girls as if he were the father of them all. The first time she had heard him refer to the student body that way, something wonderful had stirred inside her, a tender and foreign emotion that made her feel guarded and owned.
Now, in response to the principal’s order, Eric lifted his hands in surrender and dramatically stepped away from Tracy. “Sorry, Doc. One of my boys likes her and I was just telling her that. But ah’ight, ah’ight, I’m leaving,” he told the principal, and then he moved down the hall, pushed through an exit door, and was gone. Tracy headed for class, dazed and submerged in a rush of emotions that was, on the one hand, the excitement and confusion of a teenager caught in infatuation and was, on the other hand, the fear and panic of an animal caught in the crosshairs of a gun.
* * *
Tracy yawned.
The clean-cut black man on stage wore a business suit and looked like an insurance salesman who had just taken a bath. His fingertips, which gripped the sides of the podium, were pink and clean, and the brown skin of his nose shone in the glare of the florescent lights in the ceiling. A steady stream of words fell out of his mouth and washed over Tracy’s head, drowning her ears, so that she neither heard nor comprehended the meaning of his message. She remembered the visits she had made to the Kingdom Hall as a child whenever her aunt journeyed to the United States from overseas, or from Texas when Uncle Ed was stationed there. The visits had been exactly like this one: sitting for an eternity in a quiet air-conditioned hall, listening to men in suits, one after another, talk politely about the Bible from a stage, while her eyes grew heavy and her heart desired to be some place, any place, else.
Things hadn’t gotten better with age, she realized.
Not that she didn’t like the Witnesses—they were nice people and had always been kind to her when she visited. Someone was always shaking her hand or hugging her or giving her compliments. As a child, she was pronounced “good” and “sweet” because she sat still during the meetings and displayed nice manners afterwards, or she was “pretty” or “tall for her age”—which she never considered a compliment, really, though it was delivered as such. Earlier tonight, as she drank from the water fountain at the back of the hall, one of the members, a pretty woman named Sister Sterling who was Aunt Madge’s MacDonald Park friend, came out of the bathroom, saw Tracy, and embraced her warmly. “It’s good to see you!” she exclaimed in a whisper. Tracy nodded and smiled, and Sister Sterling grinned and walked away. Tracy appreciated Sister Sterling’s friendliness, but it didn’t make the trek back to her seat in the audience any easier. At that point, there was still an hour-and-a-half left of the meeting, and Tracy couldn’t bear the thought of sitting that much longer.
Now, the congregation stood to sing. Tracy, suddenly stirred by hope, stood also. Cheerful piano music began playing over the hall’s sound system, and Tracy looked at the words in the songbook her aunt held up for the two of them to read. About a hundred people formed the audience, and it seemed to Tracy that everyone in the place, with the exception of her, broke into song, a hopeful drone about a paradise and Christ and no more tears and pain. Tracy kept her lips closed. She didn’t know the song, nor did she want to draw attention to herself by doing anything. On top of that, Mama said she had a terrible singing voice. But when her aunt glanced at her, smiled, and indicated the songbook, Tracy mouthed the words, which declared that the earth would be a paradise because of Christ and God’s will.
As the congregation continued singing, Tracy glanced around, checking out the hall’s décor. Even though she had been going to the Thursday-night meeting with Aunt Madge for two months now, she still always found the interior features of the MacDonald Park Kingdom Hall interesting enough to examine while the meeting dragged on. She glanced at the ceiling. White porous panels and large rectangles of bright florescent lights. She glanced around. The upper halves of the walls were covered with elegant peach wallpaper that had a green floral pattern; the bottom portion was brown wood paneling. Rich burgundy carpet covered the floor. The audience chairs had shiny chrome frames and walnut armrests, with stiff tweed cushions made of a light pinkish color Aunt Madge called sammon. The stage was a carpeted platform, not very high, with a glossy wood speaker’s stand at the front of the stage. Upstage sat a pair of high-backed chairs with carved wood frames and cushions upholstered in dark-green velvet. Plastered onto the wall upstage was a huge picture of a breathtaking mountain scene, vivid with white snow and blue sky and green trees.
It was prettier than the Kingdom Hall near Area Place that she and Aunt Madge would visit when Tracy was a child. That Kingdom Hall had been located in an old windowless building in a neighborhood of small shotgun houses, and while its interior was color-coordinated and neat, it bore the dull look of a place that had been around too long. Because it was located near Area Place, it was protected behind a tall fence secured by a thick chain and lock. In contrast, the MacDonald Park and Napier congregations had a brand-new Kingdom Hall—Aunt Madge said the Witnesses had built it in one weekend—that sat on a grassy open lot with manicured landscaping, pine trees, and a sizeable paved parking area. The exterior of the building was brown brick, dark wood, and eggshell-white stucco. Across the front of the hall, in burgundy letters, were attached the words KINGDOM HALL OF JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES. The same words were swirled onto a handsome brick-based sign at the front of the property. The facility’s manicured neatness and appealing colors reminded Tracy of her aunt’s house, and whenever she and Aunt Madge drove past it on their way out of the neighborhood, it gave Tracy a funny feeling—a nip of pride, a sense of familiarity, but the feeling that the building and what it represented wasn’t quite hers.
Again, the audience repeated the verse about the earth’s becoming a paradise because of God and Christ’s desire to fulfill it, and the song ended.
Much to Tracy’s disappointment, the congregation sat down again. The Thursday meeting lasted two hours, she knew that, but she had hoped things had wrapped up earlier than planned. That was not the case; that was never the case. A different man came onstage and began talking, so Tracy checked out the people around her. The Witnesses in her aunt’s congregation were African Americans, but in the pictures in the Watch Tower Society books and magazines, Tracy always saw white Witnesses, and Chinese, Japanese and Eskimo ones, and Mexican-looking people, and Africans and regular blacks, and men and women with things wrapped around their heads, like people who lived in the desert. But there was something about the Witnesses Tracy had personally observed, the way they acted and dressed, that made her believe she would recognize them anywhere. The clean-faced men, with their neat haircuts and briefcases and business suits and ties, who never stared at her the way Eric Richardson and men in Area Place did but always spoke to her as if she were their daughter or sister, greeting her with handshakes and toothy grins and gazes directed only at her eyes. The women, who wore makeup, but not too much, and relaxed hair that was curled and feathered but never piled or frozen high in the ghetto-fabulous styles of Area Place; women who embraced one another in greeting and wore attractive dresses with hem lines that struck their legs at the knees or below, but rarely above. Even the children carried the look. The boys seemed crammed into the roles of men as they wore oversized business suits and ties, and the girls—even the ones Tracy could tell would be more comfortable in Daisy Dukes and halter tops—wore shin-length dresses, neat bangs, and Shirley Temple curls. Yes, they had a definite look, the Witnesses, and while as a child Tracy had admired them—associating them with her expensively dressed, affectionate, gift-sending aunt—she knew that the Witness look was not one she wanted to imitate. Instead, she had long envisioned her ideal self as a girl who sported brand-name clothes, heavy and baggy and bright clothes made of cotton and denim, with gold jewelry and leather boots. And now that she was at Beck, she dreamed of wearing other styles, slate and burgundy and navy and brown outfits made of all the fabrics in the universe, cashmere and houndstooth and rayon and silk, and leathers so soft and fine they looked like suede. Fresh, def, designer clothes, not the square-ish J.C. Penny suits and dresses of the people sitting around her.
Tracy’s mind continued to transcend the windowless walls of the Kingdom Hall. She was back in the corridor this morning at Beck, at her locker, and Eric Richardson was licking his lips, making her blush, calling her vanilla. Her chest rose and fell at the memory. He was Sheila’s boyfriend—he had admitted that. So why was she thinking about him? It was wrong, she knew this. It was like stealing, to want somebody’s boyfriend. So why couldn’t she stop liking him? And more than that: Why couldn’t she hate him?
“Let’s get Sister Porter’s comment.”
With the mention of the familiar surname, the voice from the stage broke into Tracy’s thoughts and yanked her back into the moment. She glanced to her right. Her aunt’s hand was raised in the air, arm bent at the elbow, face demure, as she waited for the microphone to be brought to her. Tracy’s cheeks warmed. By offering to comment, Aunt Madge had drawn attention to them! Tracy felt the eyes of others upon her. She squirmed, kept her head bowed, and longed for the moment to pass. The boy attendant arrived at their row and handed a slender cone-shaped black microphone to Aunt Madge. Tracy glanced at the boy—he looked to be about thirteen but he, too, was dressed like a grown man, wearing a business suit, tie, and dress shoes—but she did not look at her aunt as the woman spoke.
“In harmony with Brother Atchison, it is selfishness in the hearts of people that causes most of the problems in the world today. And as the paragraph brings out, this could be abolished if people followed Jesus’s admonition found at Matthew seven-twelve.”
Aunt Madge handed the microphone back to the boy, who moved away, and Tracy exhaled.
“Thank you, Sister Porter. And Friends, what does Matthew seven-twelve tell us?”
Now that it was safe, Tracy glanced at her aunt, who returned the glance with a smile. Sister Porter. Tracy had always liked the name her aunt had at the Kingdom Hall; it made her sound important and good. Aunt Madge shifted the pamphlet in her hand closer to Tracy’s armrest so that the girl could follow along with the discussion. Tracy politely looked at the pamphlet. Our Kingdom Ministry was printed in purple at the top of the page. When her aunt pointed at the paragraph being discussed, Tracy trained her gaze on the tiny words on the page, but it made little sense to her and so soon she drifted back to something that did make sense.
She had been on the basketball team for—how long now? It was the second Thursday in October, so—a month and one week? It seemed much longer, for it had been a long five weeks, with daily practices—grueling sessions that left her limping, feet hot and tender with blisters, arms heavy and aching from weight lifting, muscles sore in places she didn’t even know she had muscles. But because the practices were conducted by Miz Grace, Tracy found them invigorating—the best part of her day. Of her life. And now that the team was meeting on Saturdays, she enjoyed the practices even more, for the second hour of Saturday’s session was a full-length game. This past weekend, she had thrilled at the opportunity to fly down court, to fly free, and show Miz Grace how capable she was as a player. And she had done that, she was sure, for she had scored twenty-seven points, and her team of sophomores and juniors had made it hard for the A team of seniors and juniors to win. But despite her impressive performance, Tracy did not see any reaction in Miz Grace. The coach had simply stood courtside and watched the game with the somber expression of one reading a book. Tracy had felt disappointed, for even though Miz Grace had displayed gravity ever since they began training, Tracy had hoped things would change when the team began scrimmaging.
“And so, Friends, what can we do to make sure our ministry is effective and pleasing to Jehovah?”
Tracy focused on the speaker. He wore glasses and a neat haircut, a small squared afro, and he lifted a finger as he spoke.
“First, we must follow the pattern set for us by the Great Teacher when he was on earth….”
It suddenly occurred to Tracy that the man’s way of speaking was funny, really—that his voice rose and fell like Mister Rogers or somebody on Sesame Street—and she concluded that he would be beaten up if he were a boy at Tyson Elementary who talked that way. Tracy sighed. The man looked like Steve Urkel from the TV show Family Matters—why hadn’t she noticed that when he first came onstage? But Eric Richardson looked like one of the cool, handsome boys Urkel had to compete against for Laura Winslow’s affection. A cool, handsome boy—and instead of Laura Winslow, it was she, Tracy Sullivan, who was being pursued! The thought sent a delightful chill through her belly—and then a quiver of panic. What if Eric tried harder? She couldn’t have a boyfriend now—Aunt Madge had made that clear. And Mama had been making the point ever since Tracy started her period at thirteen. Open yo legs to some boy and bring a baby in here and I’ll beat you blue and put yo ass right out on the street, she always said. Can’t feed you, as it is. It was a threat that angered Tracy because opening her legs was the last thing she wanted to do—she was afraid of the idea. But that did not mean she didn’t like boys or want to have a special one to call her own. Mama was a trip—always twisting things into something bad. But Tracy had to admit that her mother and aunt’s disapproval was fitting when it came to Eric Richardson. He was Sheila’s man, so it was wrong to be with him. Period. And on top of that, Sheila was captain of the cheerleading squad, and Miz Grace had said that the Grace Girls were to respect the cheerleaders. It wouldn’t show respect to talk to Sheila’s man behind her back.
Sheila’s man. Tracy considered the thought. She could have a man now, not just a boy. She had always had boyfriends—the safe, puppy-love kind. In kindergarten, Mama’s friend’s son Bay-Bay had been her boyfriend. In first and second grade it was Peanut, whose name in school was Duwayne. In third grade it was Tony Roberts. In fourth, it was Marcos Thomas, until he moved to Augusta. Then it was De’Andre Sanders. The first time she went through the fifth grade, she went with another Andre, but he tried to make her kiss him on the mouth, so she quit him. After that, she grew shyer and couldn’t approach people, and so she hadn’t had a boyfriend in five years. Instead, she simply had crushes from afar, and at Haines last year, she seemed to like a new boy every other week. She thought of Scooby and his confession a month ago. Since then, he acted as if the conversation had never taken place, which was fine with her because she didn’t like him that way, anyway. And besides, he had a girlfriend already. But part of her did wonder why he hadn’t mentioned his feelings for her again. And now, with Eric, here wasn’t a boy but a man, bigger than her and stronger, with hair on his face and muscles and a fat lump in the front of his pants. What if he kept trying until he made her his girlfriend? Would he expect her to become familiar with that lump, or would he understand that she wasn’t ready for it yet? Tracy chewed a thumbnail and gazed at the back of the chair in front of her. Once, she had tried to put in one of Mama’s tampons when there were no more sanitary pads in the house. The tampon had hurt so much, as if it would tear her open, that she didn’t succeed in inserting it. So what would she do with a real boyfriend? And what, really, was sex, anyway? The all-the-way kind? People on TV and movies acted like it was the best thing in the world. So there must be something to it. Tracy pouted thoughtfully. Was she the only one who hadn’t tried it yet? Scooby had. She wasn’t sure how old he was when he started having sex, but she sometimes overheard him talking to Pretty Boy, Drex and Pat about the fun they had with girls. And Tree had done it; she began in middle school and bragged about it. Tracy couldn’t imagine any girl wanting to be with Short Fat Bobbie, so it was probably just her and Bobbie, two virgins, still walking around dumb and left behind.
“But what, Friends, is going to be the fate of that harlot?” the timid voice on the platform said.
Tracy swung her head, remembered where she was. A new man was onstage now, an older one with high-water pants and a fat belly that stuck out from between the flaps of his unbuttoned blazer. She would stop thinking about sex. She glanced right, at her aunt, who sat with legs crossed daintily at the ankles, hands folded neatly in her lap, eyes on the Bible that was open in her lap. Bet she never thought about sex. And so Tracy sat straighter in her chair with the determination to be like the woman beside her. Yes, Aunt Madge had messed things up by confronting Jinya Daggett, but that was the only thing she had ever done that Tracy did not like, and so, yes, she would try to be like Aunt Madge—a proper and clean woman who could sit calmly through a boring meeting and pay attention the whole time and get respected enough by other people to be called Sister Somebody.
“Let’s turn again to Revelation and see another part of this vision the Apostle John had…”
Tracy tried to wrap her mind around the speaker’s words. He was talking about a woman whose name sounded to Tracy like “Babblin the Grape.” He said the woman rode the back of a seven-headed wild beast. Tracy glanced around. Was she the only one who didn’t understand what the heck the man was talking about? She once thought she knew everything the Witnesses believed, because of the books Aunt Madge had sent to her from overseas. One had been her favorite, Listening to the Great Teacher, a neat little pink hardcover book for children that discussed Jesus’ life and the things he wanted people to do in their lives. She learned from it that she was not being a coward but was being “peaceable” when she walked away from fights at school. And it taught that there was more happiness in giving to people than in receiving from them, a principle that always puzzled her as a child because she could never imagine feeling happy about giving away a candy bar she wanted to keep. In the second grade, she read the pink book all the way through, because at that time she still liked to read. She cherished the book because it was the first thing she owned that seemed designed especially for her, and in it Jesus was a nice white man with a nice invisible father named Jehovah, and he really cared about people. More than that, the book had come from Aunt Madge, and as a child Tracy believed that anything her aunt did was magical and so she loved everything her aunt had sent from overseas. When she was twelve, a little cherry-red book for teenagers, Your Youth—Getting the Best Out of It, came in the mail from Germany. Tracy read it, but not from cover to cover, as she had done the Great Teacher book, because by that time she no longer liked to read. She had learned, instead, to fill her time by listening to music on the Walkman radio Aunt Madge had sent earlier. And so before she moved in with her aunt, she had only scanned the Youth book, deducing the theme of a lesson by looking at the pictures and captions. In this way, she learned that a “good” girl resisted nasty boys like a wall, not like a door that opens to anybody who pushes against it, and doesn’t let a lot of men have sex with her because then she would be like a public towel that people wipe their dirty hands on. And she learned that Jehovah thought it was wrong to park in a car with a boy and kiss in the dark. He wanted young people to date by holding hands and ice skating in the daytime, or by playing the guitar at a picnic with other young people. And in order to have friends, the book showed, you needed to be a friend. And you needed to remember that true friends are like diamonds, not rocks. The book also said she needed to respect her parents and all adults in authority, but she didn’t like that advice because it didn’t seem fair to have to obey a mother like Mama. These lessons and others she was hearing during her Friday Bible studies with her aunt. She always dreaded the study but always ended up, at some point during the hour, feeling comforted by the arrangement, with the intimacy and orderliness of it. She respected the serious way her aunt spoke during their afternoon hour together, and she hoped that the mere act of having the discussions meant perhaps she, Tracy, would not be destroyed at Armageddon but would be allowed to live in the New Order, the paradise Earth, even if she didn’t want to actually become a Witness.
So, yes, Tracy thought she understood what the Witnesses believed. But now, here was this man on stage, talking about the Babblin woman and using words like “sim-ball-lick” and “har-let-tus” and “the conclusion of the system of things”—which, really, Tracy thought she understood but was not certain. She didn’t realize her confusion was showing until her aunt looked at her and smiled sympathetically. I’LL EXPLAIN IT TO YOU LATER, her aunt wrote in the margin of the leaflet on her lap. Tracy nodded in acknowledgment, but she wanted to say, Don’t bother. I wouldn’t understand, anyway.
The words from the stage again became a stream of boredom, and soon Tracy found herself submerged in other thoughts. Stop dragging your feet when you run, Dent. Sullivan, I want you at center this half—see how you operate in that position. Pat, stop wasting my time—do what the trainers have told you to do. Sophomores, get your act together out there—this is not junior varsity. Did Miz Grace ever think about sex? Probably not. She was pretty, yes, and Jazz Nelson was handsome, but—sex? An image of the couple having sex tried to push its way into Tracy’s head, but she had no place for it to go—did not know what having sex, the all-the-way kind, looked like in detail, and so the image became, in the end, a scene in which Miz Grace lay beside her husband, bare shoulders exposed as they lay beneath the covers, hand lightly resting on his chest the way Tracy saw actors do on TV, his arm wrapped gently around her shoulders. That, to her, was sex for Jazz Nelson and Miz Grace, and that was as far as she wanted her mind to take it, for to take it further would place Miz Grace in the same category with Mama. Tracy frowned. Mama, whose closed bedroom door wasn’t thick enough to block out sounds. Wasn’t thick enough to prevent Tracy from knowing that something adult was happening inside, something animal, something nasty. Something like the thing Tracy had seen when she was little and walked in and saw Mama and the man, his head in a place no person’s head should be. Tracy was sure Miz Grace would never do something like that. No, she would have sex the way nice married people did, and what was that like for Miz Grace? Jazz Nelson was so tall, after all, and Miz Grace was so little, though strong, and so lying next to him must have seemed like lying beside a giant tree. And so how big was his thing, and how bad did it hurt?
Tracy blinked, looked around again, focused on the high-water pants onstage, and hoped Jehovah would forgive her for being in the Kingdom Hall and thinking about doing the nasty.


Chapter Thirty-Nine
A SMILE
Tracy was at her locker in the classroom building when Sheila Roundtree walked past and hesitated. The hesitation startled Tracy, for surely the foremost member of Beck’s elite was not about to talk to her.
“Hear you’re a pretty good ball player.”
Tracy gazed at the cheerleader and nodded. “Yeah” was all she could manage to say.
Sheila smiled. “Guess I’ll be writing a cheer about you, huh?”
Tracy nodded and returned the smile. “Yeah” was all she could manage to say.
Sheila walked away. Tracy, her face burning with bashfulness, closed the door to her locker and began heading for class. She could not believe Sheila Roundtree had privileged her with a conversation. The only interactions they’d had were two burning stares of misunderstanding and one of indifference. Other than that, Sheila moved in the realm of the real Beck girls, including her fair-skinned look-alike friends, Felecia and Alisa—who weren’t twins, who weren’t even related, though new students often thought they were—and acted as if Tracy and others in the lower student worlds didn’t exist. Tracy had learned that there were four basic types of Beck students. There were the diaper-to-diploma Beck Girls whose families lived in west Fulton County’s MacDonald Park and whose parents and grandparents were often Beck and Langston alumnae. Sheila Roundtree was one of them. There were the “Alpharetta girls,” which included not just Alpharetta but all high-income communities north of the city, including Buckhead and Roswell; most of these were the girls, Tracy realized, who said “bummer” and “gross” and whose parents were Hollywood celebrities or regular super-rich folks who didn’t mind sending their daughters to south Fulton if it meant branding them with the prestigious Beck name. Felicia and Alisa, Sheila’s sidekicks, were of this group. The third type of students were the girls from other parts of the country who came to Beck as boarding students or whose families had moved to Georgia and placed their daughters in the exclusive academy as a consequence of the move, or as the objective. Sandra Butler, Dana McGavin, Kathy Prentiss, Vanessa Willis, and even Wanda Carver were of this number. And finally there were girls like Tracy—girls whose families scraped together the money to send their daughters to Beck because they believed no price too high to give their girls the opportunity to gain entry into the good life. That was most of the girls on the team, Tracy realized: Patricia Butler, Toni Christian, Evelyn Dent, Karla Head, Deidre Lowry, and LaKisha Thomas. However, most of the student body belonged to the first three groups. And of all the groups, the most elite were not the super-rich Alpharetta girls but the MacDonald Park girls—who also happened to be, in Tracy’s opinion, the most snobbish when dealing with girls in Tracy’s group. Tracy had come to believe that Sheila Roundtree was the epitome of this unpleasant homegrown strata, but now she would have to reorganize her opinion. Not only did Sheila speak to her in front of other students, she had also smiled and given a compliment. Tracy concluded that the incident meant two things. One, that Sheila Roundtree was actually a nice person and, two, that she did not know her man was trying hard to turn Tracy into a vanilla milkshake.
* * *
Grace watched the scrimmage contest without expression. Her girls, who had trailed the entire game, had finally managed to tie the score with less than three minutes of play remaining. This thrilled her, but she did not let it show. Instead, she soberly considered the state of this year’s program—and Tracy Sullivan’s presence in it.
Eight weeks had passed since the first practice on September 10th, eight weeks of rigorous workouts, drill sessions and, now that it was November, scrimmage matches against college players, and she still had not absorbed the reality of Tracy Sullivan. The girl was, quite simply, the most promising and graceful player Grace had ever coached. It was Saturday, November 10th, and pre-season training was coming to an end with a scrimmage game against the Georgia State University women’s team. Last Saturday, Tracy had performed well against Georgia Tech, but the girls had lost that game. Which was why a win against GSU today would be sweet. Last month, the girls scrimmaged against themselves on Saturdays. In those games, Tracy barely broke a sweat as she averaged 23 points a game. She could have scored more, but Grace, in directing traffic on court, could not allow it. Practice was the opportunity for all players to hone their abilities, not just one. But Tracy’s performance last month had made Grace impatient for this month to arrive, for she knew that if the girl played against college athletes the way she did against her own teammates, this was going to be another national championship season for the Beck Lady Lions.
Now, as Grace stood courtside, she did indeed sense that something auspicious and amazing was forming in the gymnasium, and in her body. GSU had missed its last field goal and now Tracy, partnering with Dent in the backcourt, dribbled boldly toward the goal, scanning the floor in search of weaknesses in the defense, remaining aware of which of her teammates were open for shots. This skill often resulted in Tracy’s ripping a no-look pass to a teammate who was in a prime position to score—a pass that startled even the teammate, for prior to throwing the pass Tracy made no indication she was even aware of her teammate’s location on the floor. Now, Tracy whipped such a pass to Toni, who was underneath the basket. Toni tried a lay-up and missed. One of the tall GSU forwards snatched away the rebound. Action shifted down court and Tracy crouched low, sticking doggedly with the GSU point guard who now had possession of the ball. Grace watched Tracy’s face. Normally, the shy girl did not taunt her opponents but played with quiet, intent, polite persistence, but today was different. Today, Tracy had met aggressive competition in the opposing guard, who defended hard and tried to provoke Tracy with a steady stream of insults. And so Tracy had begun retaliating with retorts spoken lowly to the other girl as they faced off. Grace saw this and loved it, for up until today she had worried that a weakness in Tracy’s game was her inability to counter a bullying opponent. Now, as she watched Tracy’s lips move in taunts, Grace smiled inside. This was good. This was very good.
Grace tensed. Tracy intercepted a pass flung by the GSU guard to the center, and the Grace Girls, their trainers, and the small audience Grace had allowed in the gym broke into cheers as Tracy and Dent raced down court on a fast break. The GSU set guard sped ahead and planted herself beneath the basket to block Tracy’s progress. “Tracy! Here here here here!” yelled Dent, who was running with a clear path toward the goal. Tracy sent a beautifully placed bounce pass to Dent, who received it, floated upwards, and kissed the ball off the fiberglass. At the same time, Tracy avoided an offensive foul by shifting her bodyweight and spinning around the GSU player, narrowly avoiding a collision. Beck had the lead for the first time in the game. Around Grace, greater cheers erupted. She tightened the muscles of her face to keep from revealing the excitement she felt, but she nodded in approval and ran fingers through her hair.
Tracy and Dent set up defense and tried to prevent GSU from making an inbound pass. Grace saw it before it happened. Tracy anticipated a flaw in the other team’s synchronization and darted out and snatched the ball before it reached the hands of the waiting GSU player. And then, in a skilled and graceful body fake, she spun around her opponent and dropped the ball through the net. Grace couldn’t help it. She looked away from the action and—she couldn’t stop it—a smile slid over her face. Even as she succumbed to the expression, Grace knew the reaction would not go unnoticed by her girls and crew, knew they would discuss it among themselves when she was out of earshot. Did you see that? Miz Grace smiled! And their fascination would be justified, for it wasn’t just for Tracy Sullivan that Grace suppressed emotions. Whenever any player made a fabulous move, she reacted, or didn’t react, in the same way. It was her custom to remain impassive even when a rage of emotions brewed inside—it had been her way, for as long as she could remember. And it worked well in her job as coach because she believed effusive displays of approval from a coach made a good player overconfident and lazy—the player had earned approval and so what was the point of improving her game? Also, Grace feared that exulting over the abilities of one player promoted jealousy, so while occasionally she praised a good shot or commended a well-executed pass, she did not do it often and she made sure the compliment was delivered with restraint.
But sticking to her custom had not been easy since Tracy Sullivan arrived. Sometimes Sullivan performed an act so awesome Grace found herself nodding approvingly on the sidelines, much more than usual, or softly uttering “Great,” or something like it. Often she responded to a fabulous move with a run of ten fingers through her hair, the gesture she resorted to when otherwise she would have imploded. She had run fingers through her hair while watching the first scrimmage game, when Tracy took a trip through space, soaring above her open-mouthed teammates on her way to a finger roll, as if she had sole access to some invisible stairway that led to the basket. For a moment during that move, Grace had thought the girl would dunk. And she ran fingers through her hair on another Saturday, when Tracy faked and fought her way out of triple-team attacks by frustrated seniors, who could not stop Tracy from scoring twenty-six points for the B team. Whenever there was a timeout, Grace struggled to hide the awe she felt for Tracy Sullivan. During those seconds of rest, when the team stood around her, breathless and sweaty and attentive, Grace did not trust herself to meet eyes with the exceptional player, for she worshiped athletic perfection and blushed in its presence—and to her, Tracy Sullivan was a budding goddess who would one day deserve the reverence Grace herself received.
Grace looked at the clock. Two minutes, twenty-three seconds left, GSU 50, her girls 52. They could win this, they could. The breakthrough lead had given them the confidence to fight. The GSU point guard passed the ball to a teammate, darted away, shaking off Tracy’s tenacious guard, and ended up near the top of the key, where she yelled for possession. She got it and fired off a shot that was good. Grace watched as the girl said something to Tracy, who acted as if she didn’t hear the taunt but flew down court with Dent, who had possession and in that moment looked at Grace and called, speaking rapidly, for a change, “N, M’Grace? N? N?” Grace nodded with approval, pleased, for she was just about to call out and instruct Dent to do just that—lead the team through their N-play. She was right to have made Dent captain; the girl’s intuition was soothing. The girls ran through the pattern and then Tracy, standing outside the three-point line, yelled to Pat for possession. Pat, seeing the dynamic sophomore momentarily unguarded, heaved the ball to Tracy, who caught it, dribbled into step, and launched a jump shot. When it went through, Grace raked her hair and inhaled sharply. And then she felt it again, bubbling warmly to the surface of her lips, and this time she did not want to stop the pleasure from showing on her face. She waited for the look Tracy Sullivan always gave her after an impressive move, and when it came, Grace met eyes with the girl, nodded once with approval, and smiled.
Yards away, Tracy’s face brightened with surprise and pleasure, and she flew into a defensive position with gusto, as if the smile had injected her with new energy. And in that moment Grace made a decision. She would do something, a monumental something she had said she would never do as a coach. And she would do it that day, after the game—after the win, for she was sure Tracy Sullivan would lead her girls to a victory over GSU. She was certain of that.


Chapter Forty
THE FIRST MOVE
Grace sat at her desk, slowly and softly rolling her fingertips on the thick glass shield covering the desktop, and hoping she had not just made a mistake. In four years, this was the first time she had ever asked a lone student to come into her office for a private meeting. Normally, she conducted conversations with the girls at her table-desk on the gym floor, or at whatever point she happened to encounter them in the gymnasium—rarely in her office. The office was, for her, a space as personal and guarded as her home, its four painted walls an extension of the great white wall surrounding Gracewood. Therefore, on the few occasions when she had invited students into her chambers, she had made sure there was more than one of them, and she conducted the meeting quickly and crisply, so that the students understood that their presence before her was purely an official matter. And yet, on the sidelines after the scrimmage game, she had stood before Tracy Sullivan and asked the girl to come see her after the showers—Upstairs, in my office—for no official reason at all and without another student to accompany her. Grace still could not believe she had made the decision, and she was still not sure why she felt it necessary. But here she was.
Grace looked around the office, checking for flaws, though she knew there were none. She kept the office the way she did all her surroundings—neat and immaculate, with air so clean it was odorless. When she was alone in the office, she kept the draperies at her back in a closed position. When she held meetings in her office with Julia or other staff members, she opened the curtains. Now, she stood and did the same, tugging on the pulley that parted the broad burgundy-and-tan bands. Soft daylight filled the office; it was an overcast November day.
She sat again. Enough time had passed so that at any moment now, Sullivan would be here. A peculiar warmth fell over Grace’s cheeks. She recognized it as a sign of anticipation, and it startled her. While she had anticipated many things in life—the onset of a footrace, the start of a ballgame, the hanging of the Olympic gold around her neck, the culmination of a good season, the move into the mansion—she had rarely anticipated people. In fact, in her entire life, anticipation for only a few people had caused her countenance to warm. Tip and Darrel. Julian, her college boyfriend—once. Dr. Curtis, the first time they were to reunite in Atlanta. And, if she were honest about it, Charmaine, many times, until right before the end. But now—Tracy Sullivan? Grace smiled, puzzled. This was ludicrous! This was a child, after all, not someone who factored into her life outside the walls of this arena. Not really.
And then there were three soft knocks.
Grace pounded inside, started to rise from the leather chair, decided against it. Made sure her hands were properly placed on the armrests, cleared her throat, and called, “Come in!”
The door opened gently. Sullivan’s five-ten frame, covered now in street clothes, pushed into the narrow opening and paused. The teen peered at the woman with a look that requested permission to enter.
Grace was amused. “Are you going to talk to me from the doorway? Come in,” she urged.
The girl smiled shyly and, backpack bumping through the opening, stepped into the room and hesitated again, hand on the knob, unsure of whether to close the door or leave it ajar.
“Leave it,” Grace instructed softly.
Tracy obeyed, made a few steps toward the desk, before which sat two small armchairs, and hesitated again.
“Have a seat,” Grace invited.
Tracy slipped out of her backpack and laid it in one chair before sitting in the other. Woman and teenager looked at each other and smiled. This time, they were not separated by yards of space and so each could see what a smile looked like, up close, on the face of the other. Bashfully, each looked away. Tracy glanced around the room.
“It’s pretty in here, Miz Grace.”
“Thank you. I planned it that way.”
Smiles.
“How are your tutoring sessions going?”
“Ah’right.”
“I want your next report card to look better than the last.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“It has to, in order for you to continue to participate in athletics. You understand that?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Grace folded her arms across her chest and shifted into an attitude of open interest. “Where did you learn to play ball, Sullivan?”
Tracy hunched a shoulder. “I just always played.”
“Where?”
“At the playground in Area Place.”
“Who do you play against?”
Tracy smiled. “My boys.”
Grace cocked her head inquisitively.
“Um, we all grew up together. And we just always played together. Scooby and Pretty Boy. Short Fat Bobbie—” The girl chuckled at the name. The woman smiled. “Pat and Drexel,” Tracy finished. “Scooby my best friend. He like my brother.”
“So they’re your age.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“You ever play against men?”
“Yop. I used to get beat a lot, though. But then I got tired of losing all the time, so I started playing them like they play me.” The girl smiled sheepishly as if she had just confessed a sin.
Grace chuckled, amused. Suddenly she felt deliciously at ease. There was something charming about Sullivan—her frank lack of pretense and unadorned articulation. And she spoke in a voice that diffused into the air of the room out of a long neck, warm and mellow and in an octave lower than one would expect from so pretty a face.
“How has your experience at Beck been so far?”
“Ah’right,” the teen answered honestly. She added bashfully with a grin, “Especially since you put me on the team.”
Grace smiled. “I’m glad you’re on the team. My teams are special to me. Like”—a blush crept across her cheeks—“having twelve daughters.”
Briefly, but only briefly, they looked intently at each other. Inside each, something melted, forming a pool of pleasant warmth and leaving both unguarded.
“What do you want to be in life, Tracy?”
The teen looked bewildered. “Um…”
“Have you thought of college?”
“Nope.”
“Well, you should.”
“Um…I don’t think college for me.”
The woman moved to the edge of her chair and rested her arms on the desktop. For a moment, she examined the girl with fascination.
“You remember the video we saw a few weeks ago about Cheryl Miller? The USC player?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Grace clasped her hands and became reflective. “I’m going to tell you something few people know. I went through a long period of grieving during which I became reclusive. Didn’t want to see people or talk to them. But one of the things that drew me out of hiding during that time was Cheryl. She was playing for my alma mater’s rival, and I had read where someone had said she was the best ball player to come out of the two schools. Well! I believed I was the best player, so naturally I had to go see her for myself.”
Grace adjusted her weight in the chair and gestured with her hands as she spoke.
“Tracy, the first time I saw her play, I was sitting in the stands. And when she made this absolutely incredible move—spin, fake, under the basket to the other side and then up for a finger roll—I…stood…up. I stood because that’s what you do in the face of greatness. And because otherwise I would have screamed, and we both know I’m too cool for that.” They both grinned, and Grace grew reflective again. “What I’m trying to say is that I hadn’t felt like that about any player since then. Until”—Grace pinned the girl with a stare—“the first time I saw you scrimmage.”
The teen gazed at the woman in wonder.
“You are gifted, Tracy. And I don’t know how or why that fact has escaped the notice of other coaches, but I’m glad it did because I’ve got you now and I promise you, baby, you and I can go all the way together! And I’m not just talking here. I’m committed to Beck, that’s true, but if I weren’t, Tracy, I’d follow you to college just to make sure you got the coaching you needed to be the best you can be.”
“For real?”
“Yes! If you perform this season the way I think you’re going to, by the time you graduate you’ll have your pick of Division I colleges. They’ll be throwing money at you to try to get you to come. And I can help you make a good decision. And after college, there are international pro leagues for women—you’ll get paid, like any athlete, for playing. In the States, there’s NCAA coaching. Teaching. Administration. And who knows? Maybe one day this country will have another pro women’s league on a level with the NBA. It’s 1990—it’s long overdue. I just want you to be ready to receive whatever opportunities come your way. You understand?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“That means you have to go to college. And to do that, you must begin taking your tutoring seriously. And studying on your own. Learning to appreciate learning. You understand?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And it means dedicating yourself to my program. So far, you’ve done that—I’m very pleased with the way you’ve performed. Keep it up. Don’t let anybody discourage you.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Grace hesitated, gathering breath and composure, for she had run on with such passion that she felt winded. What had possessed her to reveal so much? The same thing, she concluded, that was pushing her to reveal yet something else.
“How good are you at keeping secrets, Sullivan?”
“Good.”
“Really? What secrets have you kept?”
The girl’s mouth formed a bewildered “oh” before realization snapped into place behind her eyes. She smiled slyly. “If I told you, they wouldn’t be secrets no more.” The girl smiled triumphantly for not having fallen for the trick.
Grace chuckled and then became serious again. “Normally, I don’t reveal this information to anyone before I officially announce it to the entire team. But I want you to be one of my starters this year.”
The girl’s mouth fell open in shock. Grace smiled.
“B-but I’m a sophomore,” the girl recovered enough to point out.
“Listen, I don’t care if you’re a kindergartner. I look for players who’ll help me win. So you’ll start.”
The girl was pleasantly dazed. “Okay,” she said. “Thanks,” she added.
“Our secret,” the woman warned. “I don’t want any hurt feelings before I announce the starters at the banquet next Saturday.”
“Yes, ma’am. I won’t tell anybody.”
Grace examined the girl’s face and was convinced Sullivan was trustworthy. “Alright,” she said, which meant, We’re done.
Tracy, not understanding the hint, remained seated and simply nodded in response.
“You may leave, Sullivan,” the coach said, amused.
“Oh.” The girl grinned sheepishly. She stood, picking up her backpack and hoisting it over a shoulder.
Grace stood but remained behind her desk.
“Bye,” the teen said to the woman.
Grace nodded once in response.
Tracy reached the door, but before she stepped out she heard the woman’s voice.
“Sullivan?”
Tracy looked back and saw that a new emotion had been added to the friendliness of her coach’s expression, a tenderness that had not been present when they faced each other a moment ago.
“You still go home to Ariel Place on the weekends?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“What about the bullies?”
“They don’t mess with me no more.”
“Good. Why not?”
“My aunt talked to them.”
“Great. I’m really glad to hear that. Because I—” A slight hesitation interrupted the flow of Grace’s words before she willingly finished. “—worry about you when you’re not with me.”
They looked at each other, both surprised by the admission.
And then the teen blinked rapidly and looked away. “Okay. Thanks. Bye,” she said and quickly went out the door.


Chapter Forty-One
BANQUET
An hour after leaving Miz Grace’s office, Tracy stepped inside her mother’s apartment in Area Place. Right away, she saw Diane across the room, standing at the kitchen table, chopping collard greens for boiling, a cigarette dangling from her lips. The old stereo in the living room played softly—Mama always listened to the stereo when she cooked. The man singing boasted about strokin’ something. Tracy didn’t understand but assumed it had to do with sex. Mama’s music. Country juke-joint music. Tracy hated it.
Diane Sullivan looked up when her daughter came in. She squinted because of the cigarette smoke and grunted, “Hey.” On the table beside her was an open bottle of beer.
Tracy lay down her duffel bag on the couch in the living room and walked to the kitchen table. “Hey,” she replied.
Diane glanced up. “Madge drop you off?”
Stupid question, Tracy thought, but she answered meekly. “Yes, ma’am.”
Diane snorted with contempt but said nothing.
Tracy watched the dark-green leaves being shredded beneath the moving knife in Diane’s pale fingers. Greens were a Sunday dinner, so she wondered what had put her mother in the mood to cook them on a Saturday.
Diane tossed her head, gesturing toward the bedroom off the kitchen. “Charles in there.” When Tracy did not respond, Diane looked hard at the girl and demanded, “Go speak. Today his birthday.”
Tracy thought quickly. Yes—today was November 10th, and Mama always made a fuss over birthdays, but Tracy did not like Charles now, and Mama knew it. Ever since he came into her room and touched her in August, Tracy had successfully avoided him when she came home on the weekends. He was either at work or watching TV in the bedroom he shared with Diane, coming out, it seemed to Tracy, only when she was holed up in her room. That was how they had played it on the weekends, each listening for sounds of the other before venturing into the main space of the apartment. Now, Tracy stood rooted at the table and stared stubbornly at the raw collard greens. She didn’t care if it was his birthday—she did not want to speak to Charles.
“You hear me?” Diane threatened.
Tracy did not move, but a voice in her head spoke clearly. You hate her. Tracy glanced at her mother and realized she agreed with the voice. She did hate Diane, because what kind of mother would force her daughter to speak to the man that had tried to molest her?
Diane snatched her gaze away from her moving hands and drilled a quartz-green glare into her daughter. In response, Tracy stepped away from the table and moved slowly to the bedroom door, which was open. At the doorway, she put both hands on the jambs and looked in. Charles lay on the bed, hands behind his head, barefoot and shirtless, watching a football game on TV. When he saw Tracy, he immediately sat up.
Tracy noticed the humility and apology in his actions and despised them as cowardice. “Hey, Charles,” she said softly.
“Hey, Tracy,” he said affably. He waited, as if he expected her to say more, but she turned away. Immediately, she saw Diane’s hard face above the greens.
“That’s how you speak to somebody on they birthday?”
From the bedroom, Charles protested, “She spoke, Diane. Leave her alone, now,” he whined.
Mother and daughter ignored the man and stared at each other. Tracy turned away, stepped back to the bedroom door. “Happy birthday,” she mumbled, and Charles returned her greeting with a pained look of understanding. Tracy passed the greens at the table, retrieved her duffel bag from the couch in the living room, and went into her bedroom, where she shut the door. Moments later, the smoky vocals and smooth jazz instrumentals of Sade filled her ears, and she relaxed. Soon, her arms and legs began to feel heavy and the muscles in all parts of her body ached with soreness. Miz Grace’s program was grueling.
Tracy realized she had fallen asleep when her eyes flew open at the sound of her name.
“Tracy!”
Diane’s scratchy voice clawed through the wall of the bedroom, making Tracy wince.
“Git out here and go to the sto for me!”
Anger settled upon Tracy heavily like a saturated cloak and she remained lying prone, staring at the painted white ceiling, and did not answer. What about the bullies? Good, because I worry about you when you’re not with me. I promise you, baby, you and I can go all the way together. I feel as if I have twelve daughters. I worry about you when you’re not with me.
“Tracy!” The voice, digging again.
Tracy sighed, flung her body off the mattress, yanked open the bedroom door, and stomped into the living room, where she hesitated, pouting in displeasure, arms folded petulantly across her chest. “Hm?” she asked her mother, who stood yards away, at the kitchen table.
At the sight of her daughter’s defiant body language, Diane drew her head back as if insulted. “Uh-uh,” she objected. “You don’t come out here wit’ no attitude like that! Straighten up yo face and yo walk ’fo I knock the shit outta you! And git the hell over here.”
The pout melted away. The arms unfolded. Without stomping, Tracy walked into the kitchen. By the time she reached the table, memories of violent interactions with Diane had altered the teen’s manner into one of humility. She saw right away that her mother held the large knife and was now using it to dice a block of cheese.
“Go to the sto and git me some milk so I can make this macaroni.”
Behind Tracy, the stereo in the living room still played. This time, a woman sang whose voice sounded to Tracy like the hard-faced women who drank and smoked with Diane. Oddly, though, the woman sang about a maid, it seemed, because she spoke about a clean-up woman. On the stove behind Diane, a huge pot threw up steam and a pungent smell. The collard greens. From behind the closed door of Diane and Charles’ bedroom, Tracy could hear the faint sounds of a televised ball game. N-C-A-A doubleheader, the man on the TV announced. Tracy’s eyes fell on the table. Diane’s beige hands pushed the thick knife into the soft orange flesh of the cheese. The fingers were the strong flushed fingers of a laundress, the backs of the hands lined with ropy veins. Tracy had always thought her mother’s hands were too large for Diane’s small body.
Diane looked up sharply. She had given an order, and it had not been obeyed. “The hell you standin’ here fuh? Put yo shoes on and go git me some milk!”
Dicing again.
Tracy hesitated. “Mama…”
The dicing stopped.
“Um….” Tracy’s stomach and eyes warmed. “I…I can’t go outside.”
Diane looked at her daughter in disbelief.
“I-I-I’m not trying to be disobedient.” Tracy hesitated. The disobedient was a Kingdom Hall word, and she surprised both of them by using it. “Um,” she said, hurrying on, “I-I-I just…don’t…I’m scared…to go outside.”
“The hell you talkin’ about, Tracy, now I need this milk! I don’t wanna hear no stupid excuse shit from you today!”
Tracy pounded inside. “I…I’m not trying to make an excuse, Mama. I—”
Charles, having heard Diane’s yell, pulled open the bedroom door and stood in the doorway. “Err thang ah’ight?” he asked groggily, his eyes red from sleep.
Diane began chopping the cheese again, furiously. “Tryna git this damn macaroni done and Tracy talkin’ ’bout she don’t wanna run to the sto and git me some milk!” she explained.
Tracy refused to turn, refused to look at him. She hated Mama for acknowledging Charles and pretending he deserved an explanation about what was going on between them.
“I’ll go git it,” Charles’s voice offered meekly.
Tracy said nothing.
“No! Let Tracy take her ass and git it! And git me some cigarettes, too, while you at it.”
Tracy stared at the cheese and did not move. Her whole body burned now, but it was not from a fear of encountering Jinya Daggett. Instead, the heat came from an excitatory fear generated by what was taking place in the kitchen. It was the first time in her life she had ever refused to do something Diane had ordered her to do.
With a shocking whumf!, the blunt point of the knife slammed against the wood tabletop. Tracy and Charles jumped, startled.
“Ann!”
“Bitch, don’t you see this knife in my hands?”
Tracy had backed away from the table without realizing it. “I’m scared to go outside!” she explained in a sob.
“The hell you scared about!”
“Ann, I said I’ll go git the milk—”
“Shut the fuck up, Charles! What the hell you scared about?”
The room grew still as they waited for her answer. When she hesitated too long, Diane exploded again.
“The hell is you scared abou—!”
“Jinya Daggett!” It was a yell. “She said she gonna get me.” It was the whine of a frightened child.
Again, the room fell silent. Except for the stereo. Betty Wright’s singing.
Diane’s anger stalled for a second, then displeasure seeped back into her face. “Jinya Daggett?” she sneered.
“Who that is?” Charles asked, but no one answered.
“The girl who shot that teacher?” Diane asked Tracy.
Tracy nodded.
“Who that is, Ann?”
“You know who she is, Charles,” Diane snapped impatiently. “Tall light-skin girl. One with the gray eyes, look like a man. Bulldagger.”
“Oh oh oh yeah, I know who you talkin’ ’bout.”
“What she after you fuh?” Diane asked Tracy suspiciously. “You been messin’ wit’ her?”
The question offended and angered Tracy, because “messing with” was Diane’s language for “having sex with.” Tracy sighed with exasperation, sucked her teeth, rolled her eyes. “I ain’t like that,” she stated firmly.
“Then what the hell she wont wit’ you?” Diane demanded.
“She said she gonna beat me up.”
“Why she wanna do that?” Charles asked.
Tracy ignored him.
“Why she wanna beat you up, Tracy?” Diane demanded. “What you done did to make her mad?”
The accusation stung. At the same time, something awakened in the part of Tracy’s spirit that harbored courage, and she drew up her chin and looked steadily and boldly at her mother’s eyes. It was the first time she had ever done so.
“When I told Aunt Madge Jinya put those bruises on me, she went to Jinya and talked to her about it.”
Mother and daughter stared at each other. Charles knew their secret, they knew he did, but it was the first time they had ever spoken it, admitted it, given it voice, in his presence. Embarrassment flickered across Diane’s face, leaving it flushed. She glanced at Charles, looked at the table, began dicing the cheese again.
“I tole Madge to keep her ass outta our business,” Diane complained. “And now she done made it so you can’t even go outside.”
Tracy didn’t think it was possible, but in that moment her estimation of her mother fell lower. What Aunt Madge had done wasn’t the issue, and Diane knew it. When the woman looked up again, she saw in her daughter’s eyes an emotion that looked like disgust.
“I’ll git the milk, Ann,” Charles announced wearily. He walked back into the bedroom to get dressed.
Diane returned to her task, carefully pressing the blade into what was left of the block of cheese, cutting, separating. Tracy, stunned by her own defiance, stood beside the table, unable to move. Nor did she know what to say. Instinct, and a swift examination of her mother’s grim downcast face, told her to say nothing. Still, she burned with curiosity. How angry was Diane for what had just happened? When would she retaliate? Tracy was suddenly grateful for Charles’ presence. The really bad beatings only happened when he and Mama were separated, and the other beatings rarely took place when he was in the apartment. Still, he would be gone in a few minutes, so Tracy quietly stepped away from the table. The motion caused Diane to look up. Tracy hesitated, timidly returned her mother’s look. The green eyes shone like ocean ice, and a chill slipped into Tracy’s skin. Retaliation would come, she knew it, although probably not that day. Tracy left the kitchen and escaped to her bedroom. There, she locked the door, determined to keep it locked until Charles returned from the store.
* * *
The following Saturday, Tracy stepped into her mother’s apartment to find that neither Diane nor Charles were at home. “Yes!” she said, peeking into their empty bedroom. In her hand were three plates piled high with seafood and fruit, each covered with aluminum foil. She opened the refrigerator, about to deposit the plates, and hesitated. It was deep in the afternoon, which meant Mama was already off from work. She could walk in at any moment, see the plates, and claim them; she was greedy that way. Tracy closed the bottom door of the fridge and opened the smaller top door, the freezer, which was empty except for ice trays. Mama wasn’t likely to look in an empty freezer, so Tracy felt it safe to slide the plates onto the thick irregular surface of ice that formed the freezer floor. She shut the door, spun away, and grinned when she heard three firm knocks at the front door. She hurried to the entrance and yanked it open. On the other side stood the tall husky boy whom, it seemed, she had always known. Tracy flew into his shirt, softly tackling him.
“Scooby! I didn’t know you was gonna come this soon.”
“Whoa! Don’t knock me down,” he said, objecting playfully.
She let him go and pretended to be angry. “Boy, where you been?” she accused.
“Where I been? Where you been, is the question,” he said, stepping across the threshold. “Ain’t nobody seen you. And can’t nobody call you. Why your mama phone always disconnected?” he complained.
“’Cause her and Charles smoke and drink up all the money—you know how they do.” Tracy closed the door behind him. “And anyway, I been here,” she explained.
He nodded. “Yeah, here. But not at the court. I was happy to see your aunt car driving by. More happy when you stopped and told me to come over. I woulda called you at her house, but I lost the number. You still come home every weekend?”
“Yop.”
“Then why nobody ain’t been seeing you? You in hiding or something?” he teased.
Tracy looked at him seriously. “Yep,” she answered, nodding gravely.
Scooby frowned. “For what?”
“Jinya Daggett.”
Scooby became taut. “Why?”
Tracy sighed. “Remember that night you took me to the store to get cigarettes? After Jinya them took ’em?”
“Yep.”
“My mama got mad.” She hesitated, looked at him.
“She beat you?” he asked gravely.
Tracy looked away. Flicked him a glance. Although she knew Scooby was aware of the abuse, she had been conditioned to remain silent about it and so had never admitted it even to him.
“So when my aunt came to pick me up, I had to lie to her about how I got hurt. Told her Jinya them beat me up and took Mama cigarettes.”
Scooby groaned with regret. “Something told me not to leave you that night, Tracy. I thought your mama might do something. I’m sorry I let that happen!”
“Boy, what you apologizing about? You ain’t let nothing happen. You can’t control what my mama do to me. Only I can do that.”
Scooby’s brow crinkled with compassion and his eyes grew pink and watery. Tracy observed the tearfulness and was astounded by it. “You crying?”
A tear dropped down his face. Tracy opened her mouth to reprimand him again, but when her own eyes clouded she simply looked at him and said nothing. The tip of her nose reddened, which it did when she wanted to cry.
“If I had known, Tracy, I never woulda let her do that to you.”
“It’s ah’right, Scooby.” She touched his cheek gently, a womanly gesture she had never done to anyone before. “It’s ah’right,” she assured firmly.
The moment passed, and Scooby wiped his eyes and smiled through his tears.
“And don’t worry,” Tracy continued. “She ain’t gonna put her hands on me no more. I done decided that.”
Scooby lifted a brow dubiously. “Really?”
“Yeah.” Tracy nodded emphatically. “I ain’t no beating bag, I’m a Grace Girl! Ain’t nobody gonna hit me no more. And I ain’t picking up her drugs for her no more, or her cigarettes. What kind of mama ask a child to do that, anyway?”
Scooby regarded her in silence, impressed. This was a new Tracy, a bold one, and while he was not convinced she would be able to defy her mother, he was glad she had arrived at the point in her life when she realized she should. He smiled.
Tracy saw his smile and jumped with excited remembrance. “I got us something! Wait!” She hurried to the fridge, where she opened the freezer and extracted the plates. With them in hand, she came back and stood before him. She peeled the aluminum foil away from one plate and said, “Look.”
Scooby’s eyes widened at the sight of the food. “That’s shrimp?”
“Yop. Miz Grace bought it for us. We had a banquet today to celebrate the end of training.”
“You gotta lot.”
“Yop. Even before I saw you,” she admitted gently, “I was hoping you would stop by so we could eat it.”
They looked at each other, their smiles tender. Since they were children, they had always shared with each other any good fortune that came their way. However, today’s sharing was extra special because it marked the end of more than two months of awkward distance between them, awkwardness that began when Scooby stood in her room and confessed not only that he had a new romantic interest but also that he had always liked Tracy in that way. The sharing of food with him, they both knew, meant she had recovered from the embarrassment and forgiven him.
Tracy jumped with excitement again and handed Scooby a plate. “Here, take this one with the fruit on it. Put it in my room. I’ll put these in the microwave and get us some Kool-Aid.”
He nodded happily and quickly obeyed. A party in her room, just like old times.
Soon, they sat on her bed, sucking from their fingers the juices of pineapple, mangoes, peaches and strawberries, and the grease of cooked shrimp, crab, lobster, and flounder.
“I can’t believe Jazz Nelson wife bought all this for y’all. Season ain’t even started yet.”
“Yop. They say she do this every year to thank the basketball girls for working hard in training. We been resting all week—no practice. But we start back Monday ’cause we got our first game Wednesday night.”
“I can’t believe you playing in it.” He smiled. “Proud of you.”
“I ain’t just playing. I’m starting,” she boasted.
Scooby paused, food in fingers. Pleasure and surprise lit his face. “For real? She gon’ let you start already?”
“Yop. She told me last week, and she told everybody else today.”
He looked hurt. “Why you ain’t tell me?”
“I tried,” she protested. “I called your house and told Gerald to tell you to call me.”
“You know Gerald don’t give no messages. Selfish behind.”
“Well, maybe if you stayed home sometime, ’stead-a always at that girl house, somebody could reach you.”
Scooby broke into a blushing laugh.
“Ha-ha nothing,” said Tracy with mock sarcasm.
“Now, see there, tell you what you know,” he retorted playfully. “Me and Sheree don’t even go together no more, see there?”
Tracy lifted a brow. “Really? Why?”
Scooby shrugged. “California girls different,” he said simply. He looked at her plate. “You gonna eat your deviled crab?”
“It’s on my plate, ain’t it?” she replied. “Ain’t you got enough? Greedy behind.”
Scooby accepted the insult with a chuckle. They ate some more, chewing vigorously and swigging their sugary red beverage.
“Here—the butter.”
“What I need that for?”
“Dip your lobster in, fool.”
“How I’m s’posed to know that? I ain’t never ate lobster before!”
They grinned.
“Jazz Nelson was there today?”
“Nope. But let me finish telling you about last Saturday. We was in her office, right, and she was so nice to me. Called me baby, like I was her child or something. And said I play like Cheryl Miller!”
“Reggie Miller sister?”
“Yop. And she said if I keep playing like I’m playing, by the time I graduate, colleges’ll be throwing money at me to get me to play for them. And she said she’ll help me, too. Man, Scooby! I couldn’t believe it! I used to think she was mean, and now I know she was liking me all this time.”
“That don’t surprise me, Tracy, you a nice person. Uh,” he asked hesitantly, “you gon’ eat your last hushpuppy?”
“Yeah!” she cried defensively.
“Ah’ight, just asking,” he placated. “But look, I kept telling you you ought to be playing ball for Haines. But you wouldn’t never listen to me.”
“I did listen to you. You know what happened when I tried to play. Got nervous.”
“Yeah, I know,” he admitted. “But don’t sound like you freezing up at Beck,” he remarked proudly.
“Nope. And stop dripping butter on my bed.”
“Sorry—damn,” he complained, pretending to be annoyed by her nagging. They smiled. “You told your aunt what Miz Grace said about college?”
“Yop. She was—well, she wasn’t, like, excited about it, but she wasn’t against it, either. She really want me to be a Jehovah Witness. And they don’t like college.”
“Don’t like college? Why?”
“I dunno. I think ’cause they say you supposed to put Jehovah first, not making money and all that. And then the paradise earth coming, and you won’t need doctors and stuff ’cause nobody gonna get sick and die. She said she hope I think about getting baptized and becoming a pie-neer, something like that.”
“What’s that?”
“You spend all day in field service, knocking on people doors and having Bible studies with them.” She shook her head. “I don’t wanna do that. I wanna play basketball. For Miz Grace!” she declared gleefully. “I’m gonna play, too,” she added seriously.
“You should. You too good not to. Now, pass me the tartar sauce.”
“You can’t say please?”
“Please.”
“Here—and get some manners. Now, listen to me now, I’m talking.”
“I’m listening!” he insisted.
“At the banquet today, she gave us our uniforms. Wait,” she said, getting up from the bed. She sucked her fingertips clean. “I’ll be right back.” She rushed to the bathroom, washed her hands, then returned to the bedroom, where she opened the closet. On the inner side of the door hung two outfits on hangers, the Beck basketball uniforms, still enclosed in plastic. Tracy brought them over to the bed so that Scooby could see them.
“Don’t put your greasy hands on them! Look—don’t touch!”
“Skuze me!” Scooby mocked.
“The beige one is for home games. The burgundy is for when we play at other schools.”
“Man,” Scooby said seriously, “they pretty, Tracy.”
Tracy smiled proudly. “I know. And see my number? Twenty-four? Guess what?”
“What?”
“After the banquet, Miz Grace came up to me and told me she gave me that number ’cause it was her number when she played in high school and college.”
“For real? She like you like that?”
The girl bowed her head and shrugged a shoulder.
“She must,” Scooby concluded and smiled sincerely. “I’m happy for you, Tracy, for real. You gonna be a superstar. Now—you gonna eat them fries?”


Chapter Forty-Two
TO KNOW HER
It was the best night of her life. Ever. Which is why she didn’t mind being crushed right now between the bodies of Dent and Pat and the cheerleaders, and somebody else was patting her approvingly on the back—without malice but still too hard—and someone else accidentally stepped on her foot, and she found her head wrapped in the long arms of Toni Christian. She felt inundated in warm soft bodies and damp sweaty arms and hot spurts of breath from nostrils and mouths, and while Tracy Sullivan rejoiced in the praise, she also longed to get away, out of the mass of happy ball players and cheerleaders and Beck fans who had run onto the floor to congratulate the Grace Girls on their first win of the season. Tracy Tracy Tracy Tracy! She turned her head this way and that. Everywhere she looked, her name rushed out of someone’s mouth. Good game, good game, good game! they all said. And she heard herself saying Thank you thank you thank you thank you.
And then she felt it. A caress, the plane of someone’s fingers, sliding between her legs, against her private area, before quickly retracting.
She looked around in surprise into the impish gray-green eyes of Eric Richardson. For a moment he just looked at her. And then, drawing away, he complimented her as everyone else was doing.
Good game, Miss Haines.
Tracy flung her gaze away from him, her cheeks afire, the ghost of a hand still against her groin, tickling warmly where the fingers had been. Had he just—? The crowd moved her along. Tracy Tracy Tracy good game good game good game! Tracy sobered and looked around. Eric had found Sheila Roundtree in the crowd and was embracing her. Sheila shook her burgundy and beige pom-poms and smiled. Tracy broke out of the midst of the crowd and began moving toward the sidelines—she needed to breathe. She was followed by Dent and Toni and a few others. On the way off the floor, she passed Eric and Sheila. They walked along slowly, matching steps, with Eric pressed against Sheila’s back, engulfing her in his arms. He wore a tan warm-up suit. Underneath was his black and burgundy basketball uniform; the boys’ game would begin soon. For the second time since their acquaintance, Sheila Roundtree caught Tracy Sullivan staring at her. This time, however, Sheila’s stare did not ask What the fuck is your problem? Rather, she smiled and her eyes asked something else, something laden with curiosity, something Tracy thought looked more like, What do you know that you’re not telling me? Behind Sheila’s head, Eric stared gravely at Tracy, and along with the gravity was another emotion, a daring, a challenging, or a pleading, which seemed to say, Don’t tell what you know. Tracy bowed her head and continued heading for the Beck bench.
In moments, five smiling teenage boys came up from behind Tracy and surrounded her. One hugged her around the shoulders, lifted her from the floor, and promptly returned her to earth.
“Hey, Tracy!”
Tracy turned. Her jaw dropped open with surprise and happiness.
“Scooby! Pretty Boy!” She looked around at Drexel and Patrick and Short Fat Bobbie. “All y’all! What y’all doing here?”
The guys laughed.
“Came to see you!” said Scooby. “Didn’t we say we’d be here?”
“Yeah,” said Drexel, who for a change wasn’t scowling but was looking at Tracy with large soft gentle eyes. “You tore it up out there, Trace.”
The other guys chimed in, agreeing. “Yep.” “Did good, girl.” “We knew you had it in you.”
“Thanks,” Tracy said, pleased that her boys had come to her first game. But there was someone standing beside Scooby. A short girl, clinging to his arm, smiling meekly up at Tracy. Right away, Tracy knew who the girl must be, although her presence was puzzling.
Scooby, seeing the exchanged look between the girls, gently touched the back of the girl beside him and said, “Uh, this Sheree. Sheree, this Tracy.”
Tracy responded pleasantly with a nod but could not produce a smile. “Hey,” she greeted and checked out Scooby’s mystery girl. Sheree was short and petite, with large eyes, a big forehead, and breasts too large for her body. Nothing fantastic to look at, Tracy concluded.
Sheree smiled warmly at Tracy. “Hey,” she said in a little-girl voice. “I enjoyed the game. You so good!” she cried, making the boys laugh.
“Thanks,” said Tracy and smiled. She cast Scooby a glance which both approved of Sheree and asked why she was there when he had told Tracy he and Sheree had broken up. Tracy directed her thoughts away from Scooby and remembered Dent and Toni. She looked around for them. They had gone ahead and were standing beside the Beck bench with the other team members and Miz Grace. Tracy looked at Scooby and the boys and asked, “Y’all wanna meet Jazz Nelson wife?”
Moments later, at the sidelines, Tracy faced Miz Grace. Behind her stood Scooby and Pretty Boy and Short Fat Bobbie and Patrick and Drex. And Sheree. Tracy felt suddenly hesitant. Did she know Miz Grace well enough to introduce her to a crowd? Tracy’s cheeks warmed with a rush. Would Miz Grace react nicely to Scooby and the others, or would she embarrass Tracy in front of her friends?
The coach smiled and said warmly, “You did good, Sullivan.”
Tracy exhaled and smiled. Miz Grace was in a friendly mood. “Thanks.” She gestured quickly behind her. “These my friends from Area Place.”
Miz Grace looked at the six young people and—Tracy saw it—smiled with a niceness and politeness Tracy had never seen the coach exhibit before. “Oh!” the woman cried with interest. Tracy relaxed, feeling pleasure and gratitude, and in that moment she truly liked Miz Grace.
“This Scooby,” Tracy said proudly.
“Hi, Scooby,” said Miz Grace.
Tracy thought the childish nickname sounded odd—correct and proper and therefore absurd—coming out of Miz Grace’s mouth. She wondered if Scooby felt the same way.
“I’ve heard good things about you,” continued Miz Grace.
Scooby blushed, blinked as if startled. “Really?”
Tracy was surprised and pleased by Miz Grace’s comment; the good things to which the woman referred was the mention Tracy had made about Scooby during their conversation in Miz Grace’s office last Saturday.
“Um, I like your husband,” Scooby added shyly, smiling.
The group of young people chuckled.
“So do I,” said Miz Grace.
The group laughed.
“Nah, I mean I like the way he play,” Scooby quickly clarified.
Again, laughter. When they stopped, Tracy continued with the introductions.
“This Patrick and Drexel and Pret—D’Antonio and Short, uh, Bobbie. Oh—and that’s Sheree.”
Miz Grace acknowledged the introductions with a pleasant nod and smile. “Tracy tells me you all grew up playing ball together.”
“Yeah,” the boys murmured, nodding, blushing.
“We taught ’er everything she know!” declared Patrick with the braids, which made everyone laugh again and surprised his friends, because shy Patrick usually didn’t say much.
“I’m glad you did,” responded Miz Grace, and they laughed more. “It was nice meeting all of you,” she said after the laughter.
Tracy knew it was time to dismiss Scooby and the others, but being unpracticed in the art of etiquette, she did not know how to go about departing, so she stood a moment, awkwardly smiling and glancing around the gym. People were already streaming out, walking through the double doors that connected the Beck basketball gym with the adjacent Langston gym, where the boys’ game would be held. In a moment, Tracy was aware that Miz Grace was stepping close to her, and then she felt a hand against her back, between the shoulder blades. Miz Grace’s hand. The gesture startled Tracy and she realized why. It was the first touch ever passed between her and the coach.
“May I speak to you a minute?”
“Yeah,” Tracy said, nodding and feeling important in front of her friends. Miz Grace had just made it seem as if Tracy Sullivan was good friends with Jazz Nelson’s wife. She was sure Scooby and the others would go back to Area Place and tell everybody what they had seen. Tracy looked at Scooby and asked, “You going over to the boys’ game?”
“Yeah,” answered Scooby.
“I’ll catch up with y’all, then,” said Tracy. “Save me a seat!”
Scooby agreed to do so, and the group moved away.
Tracy looked at Miz Grace curiously. Because of the woman’s unusual gesture, the teen’s heartbeat thumped in Tracy’s ears.
“You have plans for after the boys’ game?”
The thumping grew louder. Plans for after the game? “N-no, ma’am,” she stammered.
“You have a ride home?”
Tracy’s whole body began thumping. “Um, no—well, Dent was gonna drop me off. She taking Pat and Toni and Dana and Kisha home.”
“All those people in one car?” the woman asked critically. “Did you all get that approved through Tabitha and your parents?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Well, that’s still too many in one car. Why don’t you ride with me?”
Tracy inhaled sharply. Ride with Miz Grace? In her car? Was this night for real, or was she dreaming? For a moment Tracy could only look at Miz Grace, who returned the look with something bright behind her eyes. Through breathlessness, Tracy managed a reply. “Okay,” she said, accepting the offer.
“And Sullivan,” the woman added seriously, “if anyone asks why you’re riding with me, tell them I have to talk to your aunt about something.”
Tracy looked bewildered. “Oh. Okay.”
Grace studied the girl, hovering between uncertainty and amusement. “I’ll see you after the boys’ game.”
“Okay.” The girl bounded away to join her peers, surging inside with excitement.
An hour later, Tracy found herself seated on the soft leather seat of her coach’s white Jaguar. To the girl, the car smelled like new shoes, with a trace of a sweet scent she recognized as the perfume Miz Grace wore in the gym. Even in the dark, Tracy could tell the car was clean. The windshield sparkled clearly, the glossy wood trim of the dashboard reflected the glare of the night’s light sources and revealed no smudges, and the colorful lights in the dash glowed through polished glass shields. This car was Miz Grace! Its smell, its cleanness, its classy and expensive look. And Tracy couldn’t believe she was sitting in it. With Miz Grace. What a night! First, the win against Napier and now this!
“Which way to your aunt’s house?”
Tracy snapped out of her daze and stared at the woman seated behind the wheel. It really was Miz Grace. “Um, she stay on DeJerinett Street.”
Grace waited for more directions, but when none came her eyes shone with amusement. “I don’t know where that is, Sullivan.”
“Oh!” said the teen, chuckling at her own shortcoming. She pointed. “Turn right there. And go all the way to the end of the street, then make another right.”
“Thank you,” said Grace. She moved the gear shift out of park and drove slowly. “You really did play a good game tonight, Tracy. Thank you.”
“You welcome. Thanks.”
“But remember, it’s not always going to be that easy. Napier isn’t one of the toughest teams we face, but they may be tougher next time. Some teams are like a colony of bugs. You might kill most of them the first time you spray, but the next time the survivors have built up immunity to your poison, so you have to figure out a new way to defeat them.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Grace found the girl’s response amusing, endearing, and so she took her eyes away from the road long enough to appraise Tracy Sullivan. Not a swift child, Sullivan, but so pretty and soft-spoken and talented and humble that she ended up next to your heart. The teen detected the woman’s gaze and shyly glanced over. They exchanged smiles, and Grace looked again at the road. They were at the end of the street now.
“Make a right,” Tracy said.
Grace obeyed.
After a moment, Tracy pointed at a house. “Right there.”
Grace did not pull into the driveway of the Porter home but parked at the curb in front of the house. She put the transmission in park and kept the engine running.
The gesture confused Tracy. She wasn’t sure if it meant Miz Grace wanted to talk before they went inside to see Aunt Madge, or if the coach expected Tracy to go inside and fetch her aunt. Uncertain about what to do, Tracy hesitantly reached for the door handle and said, “Thanks for the ride.”
“You have a moment to talk?”
Tracy stared at the woman. What a night this was! Wait until Scooby heard what happened after she left him! “Yeah,” she managed to answer.
For a moment the car was silent except for the hum of the Jag’s engine and the soft saxophone wails of mellow jazz music.
Grace looked out the windshield at the MacDonald Park houses. “This is a nice neighborhood.” She cast a look out the passenger window. “And your aunt and uncle have a lovely place.”
Tracy relaxed behind the compliment and smiled. “Thanks,” she said and felt suddenly proud of her aunt and uncle. Very proud of Uncle Ed for spending hours manicuring the lawn. Even now, in November, he raked and bagged leaves and branches that fell from trees in the back yard.
“It was good meeting your uncle tonight,” Grace said pleasantly.
The girl’s face was bright. “He crazy about you—and your husband. So I know he was glad to meet you.”
“I’m sorry your aunt wasn’t able to make it.” It was a question posing as a statement.
Some of the brightness left the girl’s face. “Yeah, she had to go to the, um, the meeting tonight—she a Jehovah Witness and they have meetings. She supposed to go tomorrow night, but they cancelled it ’cause it’s Thanksgiving and they didn’t wanna make them come out on a holiday, ’cause people drink and drive.”
Grace considered the convoluted answer, understood it, and proceeded. “So is your aunt having a big Thanksgiving dinner tomorrow?”
Tracy peered at the woman with a touch of impatience. Everyone knew—didn’t they?—that Jehovah’s Witnesses didn’t celebrate the holidays.
“She don’t celebrate it.”
Grace frowned, puzzled. “Why not?”
“She a Jehovah Witness.”
“Oh, yes, you just said that.”
They were quiet.
“I didn’t realize Jehovah’s Witnesses don’t celebrate Thanksgiving.”
“They don’t celebrate nothing,” Tracy said, looking glumly at the dashboard.
“And so you don’t, either?”
“Not when I’m with my aunt.”
“What about your mother?”
“She celebrate everything.” The girl thought a moment. “Give her a reason to get drunk.”
Grace opened her mouth to ask something but decided against it. Instead, she explained, “Well, Darrel and I won’t be having a conventional celebration. The Majestics play tomorrow at the Summit, and on game days he likes to rest. Normally, we spend Thanksgiving with his family in Alabama, but he’s not going there until Friday.”
Tracy considered this bit of news with surprise. She had always imagined that Miz Grace, in her beautiful mansion Tracy had heard about, spent her holidays like people did on TV, playing hostess to beautiful black people who drove Rolls Royce and Mercedes cars and sat around sipping champagne and listening to jazz and laughing because they were happy and rich and fortunate enough to hang out with somebody like Jazz Nelson and Miz Grace.
“You don’t have a family?” the girl asked.
The woman’s expression wavered before smoothing into a placid smile. “No. No brothers and sisters. And my parents, well, died ten years ago.”
“Oh.” The girl was quiet a moment. “So you not going to do anything tomorrow?”
Grace smiled. “I’ve gotten a few invitations, but I’ll probably just rest.”
Tracy nodded, became quiet, and felt a stab of sadness, although she was not sure what the sadness was for.
Grace Gresham-Nelson looked out the windshield at the night and became pensive. As she had done throughout the evening, she quickly scanned the recesses of her heart for an explanation, for a reason to explain why she was here, right now, with this girl, one of the students, one of her players, when it had always been her rule not to do something like this. She stumbled upon something that seemed like an answer, that could suffice as an explanation, even though she knew it was not the gold, the deep answer, she was seeking. That was yet to be found. However, the preliminary find told her that the reason she had Tracy Sullivan in her car at that moment, the reason she had not yet ushered the girl out of the car, was because Tracy was her MVP and had earned a private conversation for winning the game, and besides that, the unpretentious teen was easy to talk to, and the car was a warm haven against the cold night, and it felt nice, after all, to shed the role of grave administrator and engage, for a change, in a light and meaningless conversation with someone from the school. Besides, the dashboard lights provided a cozy glow to the interior, and earlier she had felt proud when Tracy settled onto the fresh leather seat and took in, with obvious awe, the beauty of the automobile.
“You know,” said Grace, “other than my husband, you are the only person who has ever ridden with me in this car.”
The girl’s eyes stretched wide with surprise. “For real?”
“For real,” Grace mocked playfully before gazing out at the night with bemusement.
Tracy looked at the woman, then at the dashboard, and again felt sadness. “What about your friends?” she asked.
Grace glanced at the girl with a pleasant expression but did not speak.
“Your friends never ride in your car with you?” the teen probed innocently.
Grace smiled. “I don’t have any friends, Tracy.” A blush crept behind the woman’s smile.
“What?” denied Tracy. “Yes, you do, Miz Grace. I know you got friends!”
Grace continued to smile with her mouth, but her eyes grew earnest. “No,” she insisted, “I don’t. Not girlfriends or people I’m really close to. No.”
They fell silent.
Tracy stared at the dashboard, frowning, and now understood that her sadness was actually sympathy—for Miz Grace. “Why not?” she asked.
Grace looked at the steering column, absently stroked it with the fingertips of one hand. “I’ve always been a loner,” she answered matter-of-factly. “As a child I didn’t—my father wouldn’t allow me to have friends. Later, the woman who….my mother...became my friend, my best friend. And then she died. And when I was in high school and college, I had a close friend. We were even roommates. But we didn’t…remain friends. And now I have Darrel. That’s been it, pretty much.”
“Wow,” said Tracy, looking at the woman sadly.
Grace saw the girl’s expression and chuckled. “It’s not a sad story, Tracy! I like my life.” The levity faded. “Women don’t tend to like me much, anyway.”
“Not like you? Everybody likes you, Miz Grace!”
“Not everybody,” the woman said knowingly.
“Why?” the girl asked. “’Cause they jealous!” she declared, answering her own question.
Grace chuckled. “Some of them, I guess. But it’s probably more that they don’t have much in common with me. Or I don’t have much in common with them. I would rather talk shop than shop.” She smiled at her own words but knew the teenager did not understand the pun. Momentarily, Grace slipped into uneasiness and stared thoughtfully at the dashboard. Tracy frowned at the dash, too, and longed to change the subject to something that didn’t make her sad.
“Miz Grace, I got a question. You’ll probably think it’s stupid.”
“I doubt that. What is it?”
“Um…how it feel to be famous?”
Grace laughed softly, surprised by the question and fascinated by it. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, my uncle knew you before you met him tonight. My aunt know you, and you never even met her. They go around calling you Amazing Grace Gresham. You in the encyclopedia. And my aunt got this old Ebony magazine with you in it, when you got married. And my uncle showed me this Sports Illustrated with you on the cover ’cause of how you coach. I just want to know how that feel.”
Grace watched the girl with an amused expression before sobering into thoughtfulness.
“No one’s ever asked me that.” She hesitated, gazing again at the glowing dash. “But let me try…” She hesitated, thinking, before deciding upon a response. “Alright. Sometimes, I actually forget how other people view me or that they even know me. But inevitably something happens that reminds me that no matter how quietly I live my life, I can’t erase people’s knowledge.”
Grace hesitated. She intended that to be the full explanation, but Tracy watched her intently, wanting more. Grace tried to resist the teen’s expectation but yielded.
“It would be great, Tracy, to wake up and move about in a world where nobody knows me. Strangers on the street. People in stores. People in newsrooms in obscure parts of the country. That would be great. But that’s not the way it is.”
The teen was surprised. “You don’t like being famous?”
“No.”
The girl thought about this and then innocently suggested, “Then you shouldn’t have won the Olympics.”
Grace hesitated and then couldn’t help smiling, and then chuckling, at the teen’s untactful counsel. “You’re right, baby,” she agreed. “But don’t misunderstand,” she added seriously, “I’m proud of my achievements. And it would be great if the only thing people were interested in is my stats. But reporters aren’t satisfied with just your performance on the track or court. They want to know more, and the public wants to know more. But when I was running, I didn’t like people knowing me without my permission. Knowing things about me that I didn’t share with them. And what was worse was having half-truths and outright lies written about me. It got to the point that I dreaded seeing my name or face on a magazine or newspaper because I knew there would be inaccuracies inside, and I hate inaccuracies. I’m very careful about what I do, so I don’t like people distorting who I am.” Grace sighed. “When my parents died, the fact that I was adopted became a big deal to reporters. They wanted to investigate my background and all of that. Well, I figured that if the reason they were so interested in my life is because I was famous, then I was simply going to stop doing the thing that made me famous. And so I quit running, stopped everything, and just tried to become a regular person living a quiet life. I relocated—came here—and pretty much accomplished my goal. I became non-famous—at least, in my own mind. And I was happy that way.” She hesitated thoughtfully, then chuckled softly. “And then I went and married one of the most famous people on the planet.” She chuckled again; the girl smiled.
For a moment, both occupants of the car stared out the windshield. And then Grace spoke again, a playful glint in her eyes.
“You better get inside before your aunt wonders who’s in front of her house.”
“Don’t you wanna talk to her?” Tracy asked, removing her seat belt.
Grace hesitated, confused, then remembered her own ruse and regarded Tracy with a pitying smile. “No, Sullivan, I don’t need to speak to her. I only told you to say that,” she explained soberly, “because I didn’t want any of the other girls to feel jealous if they found out I was bringing you home. It’s important to me as a coach not to display favoritism.” Grace narrowed her eyes and, on the verge of a smile, looked with scrutiny at Tracy. “Do you understand, Sullivan?”
“Yeah,” Tracy answered, nodding.
“Do you? Because I don’t know, Sullivan, sometimes I think you and your brain aren’t always in the same room.”
The teen laughed. “I understand!” she insisted. “If somebody ask me why you brought me home, I’ll tell them you had to talk to my aunt about my grades.”
Grace looked impressed. “Oh! So you do think off the court!”
The teen laughed, then reached back and grabbed her duffel bag from the back seat.
“Oh, and,” the woman said, “what are you doing tomorrow?”
Tracy froze, hand on the passenger door’s handle. Soft thumping began in her ears. “Huh?”
“Are you free tomorrow?”
Tracy gazed at the woman, lips parted in stunned anticipation. In response, all she could do was nod yes.
A smile hovered behind Grace’s features. “Would you like to come with me to Darrel’s game?”
Tracy’s jaw dropped open in astonishment.
Grace laughed. “I’ll take that as a yes,” she said.
Tracy chuckled and nodded vigorously. “It is!” And then something quickly poured into her excitement, momentarily diluting it. “Um…you…want me to go with you?”
“Yes. I’d be delighted if you did. Especially since you think I’m some lonely old woman who doesn’t have any friends.”
“I don’t think you old!” Tracy objected sincerely.
Grace chuckled heartily, then became serious. “Ask your aunt if it’s okay. I’ll call her in the morning.”
“Okay,” Tracy said breathlessly.
Grace smiled. “Now, go,” she ordered gently.
“Yes, ma’am. G’night!” Tracy opened the car door.
“Goodnight, Sullivan.”
Moments later, when she saw the door beneath the Porter carport open for Tracy to enter, Grace drove away.


Part IV
NOT EVERYTHING THAT GLITTERS


Chapter Forty-Three
SUMMIT OF PLEASURE
Tracy Sullivan slid happily onto the leather of the Jaguar’s passenger seat and grinned at her coach. Grace sat behind the wheel wearing an elaborate necklace of heavy brushed gold, matching wrist cuffs, and a taupe knit ensemble that looked to Tracy like something out of a fashion magazine. The woman’s hair was gathered in a French braid that clung to the back of her head. A caramel and a beige ribbon were woven into the braid, and the interlaced cords dangled between the woman’s shoulder blades. Noticing her coach’s appearance immediately struck Tracy with doubt. Her own outfit, which she had carefully selected, suddenly seemed inadequate for the occasion—too juvenile or boyish or something. It was the best of her Haineswear, a two-toned thick cotton sports shirt over peach-colored jeans, with tan hiker’s boots. She had washed her hair last night, oiled and brushed it repeatedly this morning, so now it billowed down around her shoulders, tame and scented, but it was not, as she had thought it would be, a replica of the hairstyle Miz Grace was wearing that day. Tracy clutched on her lap the brown bomber’s jacket she had brought to wear later, when the warm afternoon turned into a chilly night. She hoped that when they got to the Summit, she wouldn’t embarrass Miz Grace by looking like a ghetto fly girl.
“You look nice,” the voice at the steering wheel said.
Tracy looked quickly at the other face, uncertain about its sincerity. The woman’s gaze was earnest, her smile soft, but Tracy wasn’t sure. She smiled shyly. “Thanks. Not like you, though.”
“No,” the woman insisted, “your clothes are colorful and neat and appealing and—what’s the word you young people use today? Dope? Fresh?”
The girl chuckled and blushed. “Thanks,” she said, looking at her lap.
“And I love your hair. It’s fuller. What did you do to it?”
Tracy looked at the woman with surprise. “Um, I, uh, brushed it a lotta times.”
Grace made a pondering sound in her throat and said, “I’ll have to try that.”
Tracy gazed at the woman in wonder and with a startled kind of pleasure.
The Jag was parked in the Porter driveway. Grace gripped the gearshift and gave a swift look out the back window. The gesture made Tracy jump with remembrance.
“Oh! My aunt want you to come in for a minute.”
Grace’s expression sobered. “We don’t have time, Tracy,” she apologized.
“Oh,” said the girl and looked at her aunt’s house with bewilderment.
“Was there anything in particular she needed to discuss with me?” Grace asked.
“Nope. She just said you could come in if you wan—Oh, there she is!”
They both looked. Emerging from the front door and heading toward the Jag was Madge Porter. Tracy watched her aunt with pride. The Witness minister had gone out in the proselytizing work that morning and was still dressed attractively in heels and a dress. She walked to the driver’s side of the car, smiling, as Grace pressed the button that rolled down her gray-tinted window.
“Hi, Miss Grace!” the tall large woman greeted cheerfully. “You could have come inside!”
Tracy grinned at her aunt’s use of the students’ nickname for the coach. Aunt Madge, she concluded, must be nervous about talking to the famous and pretty woman.
“Yes, Tracy told me and I wish I could, but we’re running a little behind because my hairstylist stayed longer than planned,” Grace said congenially. “Maybe next time.”
Tracy lowered her head to peer across the passenger compartment and out the window at her aunt. Their eyes met discreetly. Both were pleasantly surprised by Miz Grace’s next time.
“Alright,” agreed Madge. “And thank you for taking Tracy. She’s so excited about going!”
“Oh, it’s my pleasure. Tracy’s a joy to have around.”
The two women looked at the teen, who blushed and looked away, causing aunt and coach to laugh. But it was the nervous laughter of strangers straining to be cordial.
“I’ll have her back as early as I can after the game ends. That should be no later than eleven.”
“That’s fine. As long as she’s with you, I know she’ll be okay,” said Madge sincerely.
Tracy heard her aunt’s remark and was surprised by it. Aunt Madge talked so often about worldly people—wicked people, the ones who would be destroyed at Armageddon—that Tracy had begun to believe her aunt didn’t trust anybody who wasn’t a Witness. But now here she was, saying that she knew Tracy would be safe with Miz Grace.
In response to the comment, Grace smiled but did not verbally respond. Instead, she adjusted her weight in the driver’s seat and gripped the steering wheel in preparedness. “Alright,” she said, which Tracy knew meant We’ll be leaving now.
Madge bent low and looked over at her niece.
“You be good. Don’t give Miss Grace any trouble.”
Tracy rolled her eyes, trying to look annoyed. “Aun’ Madge!” she whined.
The women laughed again and Madge stepped away from the window. The Jag backed out of the driveway and moved down the street. The shadow of a farewell smile lingered on Madge’s face as she thoughtfully watched the luxury car carry away the youngest member of her family.
* * *
It was the best day of her life. Ever. From the moment they rolled away from her aunt’s house, Tracy felt at once numb and exuberant, filled with a foreign happiness she immediately found addictive. The strange pleasure made her heart thump loudly when the two of them entered the Georgia Summit sports arena through the VIP entrance in back. She floated with disbelief while walking beside the beautiful Miz Grace, whom arena workers addressed politely as Mrs. Nelson, and the feeling continued in the Family Lounge, a large room located high up in the arena stands, where the families of the Majestics—wives and girlfriends and children mostly, but also mothers and men—sat above the crowds and socialized before, during and after the game and ate food Tracy realized was far better than the hotdogs and nachos the fans munched below. In fact, the buffet was a complete Thanksgiving dinner that included turkey, dressing, pumpkin pie, and other dishes, and although Tracy wanted to partake of the food, for some reason she had no appetite. In the Family Lounge, people called Miz Grace Grace, although an old white man whom Miz Grace said was a writer for Sports Illustrated came briefly into the room and boomed, “Gresham!” when he saw her. Tracy noted with appreciation the way Miz Grace introduced her to others. Her coach seemed proud at each introduction, placing a hand on Tracy’s arm or back, smiling fondly and speaking with warmth. At first, it was This is one of my players, Tracy Sullivan. Then it became This is a dear young friend of mine, Tracy Sullivan. And to the Sports Illustrated reporter: This is Tracy Sullivan. She’s a sophomore but she’s my starting shooting guard this year. You’ll want to keep an eye on her.
Tracy was proud to be seen with Miz Grace. The outfit her coach wore had proven to be more appealing, when Tracy saw the woman standing, than it had been in the car. When the woman was seated, it looked like a pantsuit, but now, as she stood in the lounge, Tracy saw that the outfit was actually a floor-length knit dress that hugged the torso and hips snugly and flowed loosely beneath the buttocks. Its most dramatic feature, however, was a side split that parted up to the thigh, revealing a perfectly shaped leg clad in silken brown pantyhose. The exposed leg, like its hidden counterpart, was enclosed up to the calf in a snug-fitting suede flat boot. Tracy overheard Miz Grace tell somebody’s pretty wife, who had inquired about the outfit, that the boots were Gucci and the dress, Armani. When Tracy first saw the split and sexy thigh of her coach, she blushed. It was the first time she had seen Miz Grace the way Scooby and others must have seen her—as a woman, after all.
While Tracy longed to see the game up close, Grace preferred to view the action on one of the huge TV monitors in the Family Lounge. So she enlisted somebody’s friendly niece—another tall girl who, unlike Tracy, was quite at ease in her surroundings—to accompany Tracy down to the floor, where Majestics players had courtside seats. “It’s okay?” Tracy asked before walking away, for she didn’t know if it was rude to leave the woman or not. “Yes,” Grace insisted, smiling. “Go! Stay until the end, if you like. I’ll be here, waiting.”
The friendly niece, Tracy learned, turned out to be Jessica, and her uncle was the Majestics’ starting forward Jason Mathers, who had been in the league for years and had been a key factor last year in helping the Majestics win the Playoffs. Jessica was pleasant and conversant, explaining anything to Tracy she thought needed an explanation. My uncle this and my uncle that fell from Jessica’s lips during most of the first half, while Tracy sat overwhelmed by the sights and sounds: the cheers and humming conversation of more than two thousand fans; the hundreds of lights in the ceiling of the spacious auditorium; the loud buzzers and bells and shrill whistle blows; the thunder of running feet against wood as the players sprinted up and down the court—smaller, almost boyish versions of the sweaty brown-skinned monoliths she had watched on TV all her life. I can do that I can do that I can play like them she thought at one point. And she did not fail to notice the TV cameras and rows of photographers, some of which knelt only a few feet away from her and Jessica to shoot the action on court. Tracy wondered how they would have reacted if Miz Grace had been courtside, too. Earlier that day, when she and Miz Grace entered the auditorium, early-arriving fans and some of the Summit staff had asked for the woman’s autograph. When that happened, Tracy had turned and regarded Miz Grace with awe—the same look she would give the woman later that night, when she saw the word Gracewood etched on the wall outside of Grace’s home.
* * *
After the game, Tracy and Jessica wended their way back up the long arena steps to the concourse, where they caught the elevator to the fourth floor. There, they found the Family Lounge stuffed with people who were talking, laughing, eating and drinking. Everyone was in a good mood because the Majestics had won and because they had won against the Pistons, who were notorious for playing dirty on court. Tracy spotted Grace, standing by the huge plate-glass window, chatting with an attractive black couple who held glasses of punch and smiled broadly. The teens approached. Tracy was pleasantly taken aback when Grace turned, saw her, brightened, and immediately slipped an arm around the girl’s waist as if such a gesture were their custom.
“Hi! You girls have fun?”
“Yeah,” said Tracy. She glanced shyly at the couple.
“Ted, Tina, this is Tracy. Tracy, this is Ted and Tina Miles, the Majestics’ attorneys, and you guys know Jessica, Jason’s niece.”
“Everybody knows Jessica!” teased Ted, and the group laughed. Jessica Mathers had a reputation for fluttering around the Lounge in her friendly chattering way, unafraid to invade the conversations of anyone, from corporate CEOs to Tom Cruz, the Majestics team owner.
“Jessica, thank you so much for taking Tracy under your wing for me,” Grace said.
“My pleasure!” the tall girl announced, then she wrapped her long arms loosely around Tracy’s neck, embracing her. “Nice meeting you, Tray-see!” she sang, and then she left them, becoming lost in the crowd.
For Jessica’s embrace, Grace had removed her arm from Tracy’s waist. Now, she slipped a hand into Tracy’s and said, “You ready?”
Tracy nodded and at that moment someone called out, “Hey, guys!” The teenager, her coach, and the attorney couple, still mirthful, looked in the direction of the voice and a flash of light illuminated the area around them. Tracy blinked. Grace released Tracy’s hand. “Another one!” the voice said as a second flash pelted the four people. The cameraman lowered his 33-milimeter lens and smiled at his subjects. “The Throne,” he explained, and moved away. Grace somberly watched him disappear into the crowd, then snapped back into a smile and looked fondly at Tracy. The teen was flustered by the intimacy. This was not Miz Grace, her coach. This new woman who held one’s hand and wore split dresses was a sexycool stranger that Tracy felt privileged to know. She was Grace, this new woman, not Miz Grace, and Tracy marveled that two people could live in one body.
“Ted, Tina. See you next time,” Grace said pleasantly.
“Nice meeting you, Tracy,” the man and his wife said, and Tracy smiled and nodded and thanked them.
Tracy and Grace took the VIP route to the ground floor, using back doors and an elevator to the basement of the arena, where security guards led them down a long corridor. During their walk, Grace used her cell phone to call Darrel and coordinate their movements. Tracy and Grace entered the parking level reserved for Majestics players, Summit employees, and Majestics family members. As they strode to the woman’s car, Tracy could see through openings in the walls of the parking deck. It was dark outside now, close to 10 p.m., and Grace now wore the coat Tracy had earlier seen lying on the back seat of the Jag. It was not like any coat she had ever seen before. It was floor-length, like the knit ensemble it covered, and though it looked like brown leather it was soft like suede, with loops of the same material dangling from the sleeves and along the flank. Funky was the word that came to Tracy’s mind when she looked at the coat. Funky—a word the meaning of which she didn’t know until that moment. Tracy felt suddenly boyish in her own winter covering, the leather bomber jacket, and she made a silent promise to one day own a coat like the one Miz Grace had. A lady’s coat.
Inside the car, Grace turned on the engine and scanned the world outside her windshield—saw no one—so again prepared to use her phone. “Pardon me a moment, please, Tracy,” she said, then pressed a button on the cell and put the device to her ear. After a hesitation, she spoke in the calm, soft tone Tracy had become accustomed to hearing Miz Grace use when she wasn’t addressing a group.
“Where are you?”
Tracy watched her coach and wondered what it felt like to be Miz Grace, to be beautiful and rich and have immediate access to Jazz Nelson. She felt saddened by this thought, felt poor and assigned to the outside of the glamorous life—until she remembered that Miz Grace had chosen her, Tracy Sullivan, to share life with this evening. Tracy inhaled contentedly, still dazed by everything that had happened in the last twelve days. First, the conversation in Miz Grace’s office last Saturday, and then in the woman’s car last night, and now this. Tracy took a deep breath to assay her nervousness. In a few moments she would see Jazz Nelson up close, dry-skinned and dressed in street clothes. Would he be alone? And would he like her or be annoyed that she was cutting into the time he wanted to spend alone with his wife?
“Alright, baby, we’re waiting,” Grace said and pressed the button on the phone. She was not smiling as she placed the phone on the console, but a soft smile tinted her features when she looked at her student. She turned on the car’s radio so that they sat, as they had the night before, in cozy warmth while soft jazz and the colorful cast from the dashboard filled the space around them.
“So you had a good time,” Grace observed.
Alone with Grace, Tracy no longer felt too shy to reveal her true emotions. “Oh, man, it was great!” she announced. The word great was accompanied by an emphatic gesture, a dramatic shake of open hands, which the teen held in that moment on either side of her head, palms facing backward. Grace was aware, as the teen was not, that it was a gesture Tracy had absorbed from watching her schoolmates—a peculiarly Beck girl gesture. “Thank you, Miz Grace! Thank you so much! I had a good time!”
The woman chuckled. “I’m glad,” she said, then sobered and gazed at the teen pensively. Tracy altered her own mood to match the woman’s.
“I know I mentioned this last night, Tracy, but I need to say it again. A team works best when there are no divisions among its members. No jealousies. So regardless of what goes on between you and me outside of Beck, while we’re in that gym I will treat you no differently than I treat the other girls. Do you understand?”
Tracy nodded obediently. Grace had retreated; Miz Grace had returned. “Yes, ma’am.”
“And as much as I know you’ll want to, try and not tell anyone at school about tonight, okay?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Grace studied the girl. “You asked me what it’s like to be famous? This is what it’s like. People watch everything you do, so you have to make careful choices. All the time.”
They sat in silence a moment, looking out the windshield, and Tracy wondered if the lecture meant that Miz Grace was suddenly sorry she had taken the girl to the game.
Grace drummed her fingertips on the steering wheel with impatience. “Where is Darrel? I hate waiting after games.” She was somber, then refocused her attention on the teen and brightened with a new thought. “Tracy,” she said, chin resting on the heel of her palm, elbow resting on the steering wheel, “do you think that your aunt would let you”—she inhaled audibly—“spend the night at our place?”
Tracy’s jaw dropped open.
Grace laughed. “I’ll take that as a yes,” she said, and then added, “You’re going to catch a fly one of these days, Sullivan.”
Tracy recovered enough to ask, “Y-You mean spend the night with you?”
“No, with the security guard over there. Of course I mean me.”
Tracy giggled then heartily accepted. “Okay!” she said, nodding frantically. “Okay,” she repeated, and then sat still and gazed out the window, happily dazed.
“There he is,” Grace said.
Tracy looked. Approaching the car was a tall brown man wearing dress slacks, a turtleneck, a black leather coat, and a Kangol hat turned backwards on his head. Tracy’s lips parted in awe. It was her god! And he was dressed like a pimp.
“Come on,” Grace said.
They got out of the car and walked over to Darrel, who met Grace by lightly holding her at the waist and kissing her on the cheek. “Hey, baby,” he said softly.
Tracy Sullivan stared up at Jazz Nelson. He was, she decided, not only the tallest man she had ever seen but also the most beautiful. Television had not shown the soft brown of his eyes, the long lashes, and the flawless complexion, which was to her the color of the caramel in a Snickers bar. His face and fingers looked clean—scrubbed—and when he stepped close to greet her, she weakened at the marvelous smell of men’s cologne. Jazz Nelson. Wow. Tracy watched him place a long arm around Miz Grace’s shoulders as they stood beside each other. Wow. She really was his wife.
“Congratulations,” the woman said to him, and the two beautiful people turned their attention on her. Tracy’s face burned.
“Honey, this is Tracy Sullivan. She’s the player I’ve been telling you about.”
Darrel playfully extended a hand in greeting and pointed at Tracy with the other. “The superstar?” he asked. They laughed, and Tracy realized Jazz Nelson had dimples. “Nice to meet you, Tracy Sullivan,” he said sincerely.
Tracy’s mouth felt heavy and inoperable. “Uh, n-nice to meet you,” she returned softly, placing her hand in his and noticing that her hand seemed suddenly small and lady-ish in his giant man’s paw. His grip was firm, but his palm was soft and warm. Tracy’s heart pounded. She had watched Jazz Nelson on TV since she was ten years old.
“Honey, I have never met anyone so shy,” Grace told Darrel.
The NBA star looked at Tracy and playfully confided, “Believe it or not, she’s shy, too, Tracy.”
“I am not,” Grace objected.
“Lotta people don’t know that because Grace has this certain way about her. But she’s one of the shyest people you’ll ever meet. Ain’t that right?”
A smile hovered behind Grace’s features but she refused to answer.
“See there?” Darrel pointed out to Tracy. “She can’t say anything. Shy,” he accused.
Tracy chuckled.
“You enjoy the game?” Darrel asked the teen.
“Yes, sir.”
“Jessica, Jason’s niece, brought her down to the seats on the floor. They had a great time.”
“Yeah, I saw them. I was wondering who she was and where you were.”
“Tracy’s a big fan of yours.”
“Is that right?” Darrel asked, smiling broadly at the teen. He patted the breast of his jacket, feeling for a pen. “We’re gonna have to give you an autograph, then.”
“There’ll be time for that,” interrupted Grace. “Besides,” she added pleasantly, “if you had come to speak to my girls last month, you would have met her already.”
Darrel looked at Tracy with a sheepish grin. “Sorry ’bout that, Tracy. Busy schedule this year.”
Tracy smiled in return but did not know what to say.
“Tracy, wait for me in the car?”
Tracy nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Nice meeting you, Tracy,” Darrel said.
Tracy gazed up at him in awe. “Nice meeting you, too.”
The grownups laughed at her awe, and Tracy walked back to the Jag, which was parked several slots away with the engine running.
Left alone, the married couple’s mood changed abruptly from flirtatious levity to somberness. For a moment they looked at each other without speaking. And then:
“When are you leaving for Alabama?”
“Tonight.”
Grace sighed deeply and averted her eyes.
“What?” he asked.
She looked at him. “I’m not going with you.”
“Why not?” he demanded.
“I’m not—” she began, then tried again. “I don’t have anything against your family—because I know that’s the first thing you’ll think. I’m just not in the mood to socialize. I’m exhausted from training and I just want to rest.”
“The hell am I supposed to tell my mother, Grace?”
“Tell them the truth: I’m tired. They’re coming here for Christmas. Tell them I look forward to seeing them then.”
Darrel looked at her with bitter disappointment. She looked at him without expression. They both knew that her real reason for refusing to take the trip with him had nothing to do with fatigue. Darrel thought the reason for his wife’s coolness lay in the fact that he had not visited her players, as he had promised to do. Grace knew that the reason did not begin there—that it originated four weeks ago, during their last argument, when he made the belittling remark about the economic insignificance of her career. Since then, his insulting words had grown within her every day until they were now a stiff and obstinate mass that prevented forgiveness from flowing to her heart.
“That’s fucked up, Grace,” Darrel said softly.
“As fucked up as you not keeping your word?” she returned softly.
In the Jag, Tracy peered through the windshield and watched Miz Grace and Jazz Nelson talk to each other. They were the most handsome, beautiful couple she had ever seen! Her heart pounded. She was an Area Place girl who had grown up with roaches and raggedy furniture and a crazy mama—and yet, here she was, sitting in a sparkling Jaguar that belonged to Jazz Nelson and Miz Grace, famous people who at that moment stood not far away, dressed like models and talking about married-people things, and preparing to take her with them to their house! Tracy took in a deep breath, released it, and felt lightheaded. She was—had to be—the happiest teenager in the world.
Darrel scoffed. “Fine, Grace. You wanna spend the holiday alone? Fine,” he repeated bitterly.
She looked at him pointedly. “I won’t be alone,” she said.
Darrel looked stunned. “The hell does that mean?” he demanded.
She walked away.


Chapter Forty-Four
THE QUEEN’S DOMAIN
They rode along the highway in silence.
Grace wondered if she had made a mistake by inviting Tracy Sullivan to Gracewood. Yes, she enjoyed the girl’s company and wanted to know her better, but a part of her knew she had crossed the line by inviting the girl to her home. For a sleepover. As the girl’s coach, she could almost justify bringing Tracy to an NBA game—it was instructional, a field trip, of sorts. But as director of athletics and P.E. instructor, there was no justifying bringing a student over to spend the night. And yet she had made the proposition before she realized what she was saying. Furthermore, as soon as the invitation had slipped out, it had felt right, and she had looked forward to it happily, like a teenager anticipating a slumber party with a friend. But later, as they pulled away from the house on DeJerinett Street with an overnight bag and the permission of Tracy’s aunt, Grace was assailed by second thoughts. It was one thing to allow Tracy to see the woman she became in her office and in the Jag and at the Summit—quite another to let the girl see the woman she became at home. That was a Grace she kept carefully concealed from everyone—even, in some ways, from Darrel. And she would have to be careful to keep that Grace hidden from Tracy Sullivan, which would not be an easy thing to do, because that Grace, the unguarded Grace, slipped out so easily when she was safely within the walls of her home.
They rode along the highway in silence.
Tracy gripped the door’s armrest and stared out the passenger window, worried that Miz Grace was having second thoughts about the sleepover. Tracy thought about last night, about their conversation in the car after the Napier game. She had told Miz Grace that Aunt Madge didn’t celebrate Thanksgiving and that Mama would celebrate it drunk, and so maybe that was the reason Miz Grace had invited her to spend the night—because she felt sorry for her. Maybe that was the reason for the whole day, the game at the Summit—everything. At this thought, something heavy and distressing settled in Tracy’s belly and she felt miserable. Miz Grace did not like her, after all. She only pitied her, the ghetto girl who needed to be taken away and civilized. Mama was right. She would always be dumb and stupid, and people like Miz Grace would always know it.
“You okay?”
Tracy looked at the woman sitting at the steering wheel. The voice was gentle, the smile tender, but was she just being polite?
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I’m glad your aunt said you could come. I’m looking forward to it.”
Tracy peered at the woman again. Maybe she was wrong. Maybe Miz Grace did want her over. Tracy smiled. “Thanks.”
Tracy focused on the scenery they were passing. They weren’t on the big highway anymore but were riding down a regular road. She had never been in this part of the city. She wanted to ask where they were but felt the question might make her look dumb, so she remained silent. At that point the car telephone at Miz Grace’s elbow trilled, startling Tracy. She looked at it, then at Miz Grace, who smiled at her and reached for the receiver.
“Excuse me. This’ll only take a minute,” the woman said.
Tracy gazed ahead and tried to pretend she was not listening to the phone conversation, but she was aware of every word Miz Grace spoke.
“Yes?” A pause. “My student, Tracy Sullivan. Why? Who did you think it was?” Another pause. “Fine,” she said politely. “Hope you have fun.” She paused again, listening, and then said, “Same to you,” and calmly removed the receiver from her ear and gently returned it to its cradle between the seats. She sighed somberly. When Tracy glanced over, Miz Grace smiled politely. “My husband sends you his apologies. He won’t be with us this weekend. He’s spending the holiday with his family in Alabama. It’s a trip we’d already planned.”
“Oh,” Tracy replied. And after a moment: “Why you not going?”
Grace winced sheepishly. “I can’t always tolerate Darrel’s family. They’re nice people. Just loud.” She chuckled, so Tracy smiled. “Besides, I prefer being at home. And I can’t think of anyone I’d rather share this weekend with than you.”
Grace smiled warmly and Tracy’s lips parted in wonder. Was this really happening? She looked out the window again and concluded that, yes, this wasn’t a dream and she really was the luckiest girl in the world. Something warm and pleasant burned in her chest, and again they rode in silence.
After a moment, the car slowed. Tracy looked. Miz Grace was preparing to make a left turn. Tracy sat straighter in her seat and stared in awe at what they were approaching. Soft-orange ground lights illuminated part of a brick wall on which were mounted the words KING ESTATES, made of flat black iron. Beside the sign, huge black iron gates stood closed, and Tracy realized she was looking at the entrance of a fancy neighborhood. Her heart began to pound. Miz Grace and Jazz Nelson’s neighborhood!
Tracy watched Miz Grace pause before the front gates and reach above her head, to something clipped to the sun visor. The huge black gates slid open, and the woman drove through the opening. Tracy glanced at Miz Grace curiously and then looked out the window again—and then stared. They were passing houses as large as a whole apartment building in Area Place, houses that could hold two or three homes the size of Aunt Madge’s house. Mansions. Tracy had heard the word before and seen mansions on TV, but she had never viewed one in person. Had never ridden through a neighborhood full of them, on her way to one. She glanced again at the woman driving. This is how Miz Grace lived?
Tracy stared out again. Unfolding slowly outside her window were manicured front lawns and long driveways and an occasional shiny Benz or Beemer or limousine left outside multiple-car garages.
“Wow, Miz Grace.”
The woman smiled. “This neighborhood honors Martin Luther King. I’m taking you the long way so you can see some of it. The street we’re on is King Estates Way….We just passed Yolanda Drive, on the right. That’s named after the Kings’ oldest daughter. That’s Dexter Court on the left, named after their son.”
Tracy twisted her head right, then left, as she observed the streets Miz Grace pointed out.
“Ahead on the left is Martin Place—the oldest son. And that’s…Bernice Lane, on the right. I live on Coretta Drive.”
Tracy was mesmerized and at the same time felt stupid. How had she lived in Atlanta all her life and not known such a world existed?
“Every family in here is black.”
Tracy looked at the woman, unable to believe the knowledge. When she looked out the window again, the luxury had taken on a new level of magic. It was black-owned.
Finally, they made a right turn onto another road, one that curved gently and led them in the same direction from which they had come. Tracy observed more of what she had seen on King Estates Way, but the homes on Coretta Drive were larger and newer-looking houses, and there were fewer of them. Momentarily, Miz Grace pulled the Jag up to the gate of a property on the left, one surrounded by a high white wall. Tracy watched, wide-eyed, as the woman reached above her head and again touched something on the sun visor. The action caused the black iron gates to swing inward slowly. While waiting for the gates to open, Tracy noticed something. On each side of the gate, etched in the smooth surface of a block of white stone, was a name: GRACEWOOD. When she saw the name, Tracy looked over at the woman at the wheel. She stared at Grace with the regard of someone who had just discovered the supernatural origin of a close friend.
* * *
They entered the mansion not through Grace’s normal route, the garage and laundry room and kitchen, but through the front entrance, so that Tracy could receive an impressive introduction. In the illuminated foyer, Tracy looked up. Above their heads, a sparkling crystal-and-brass chandelier—Tracy thought the droplets of glass were diamonds—cast a strong bronze light on the waxed tan wood of the floor. To their left was a huge arched entrance to a darkened room. Tracy spotted several things in the dimness: fancy furniture, a huge white fireplace, a giant portrait of a young woman in a wedding dress. She stepped closer and instinctively looked up. The sky smiled down at them, a great black expanse with stars winking at them through glass. “Wow,” she said softly. Grace smiled and showed Tracy all the areas of the house. The only room she did not invite the girl into, even though she pointed it out, was the master suite. At the end of the tour, they stood outside on the patio, where the swimming pool glowed neon blue in the night.
“Wow, Miz Grace,” Tracy repeated softly.
In the soft illumination of nighttime lights—the quivering blue of the pool, the muted orange from the mansion—Grace looked into the face of her star player and felt a rush of affection.
“Don’t feel so overwhelmed,” she advised gently. “You can have something like this, too. Even though,” she added, “there are much more important things in life than…things.”
“I can have something like this?” the girl asked. “How?”
“Do what I tell you to do. Study hard. Go to college. Be a good student-athlete. Learn how to manage your personal finances. Meet the right people. I can help you do that.”
Tracy looked hard at the woman’s face. “Why you want to help me?”
Grace was both surprised and fascinated by the question. She answered sincerely.
“Because I like you, Tracy.”
The girl frowned slightly in confusion. “Why you like me?”
Grace’s eyes were bright with amusement. “Why wouldn’t I?” She hesitated. Sobriety slid into her spirit. “Not only are you athletically gifted, you are the most sweetly humble child I have ever met. Who wouldn’t like you?” she asked rhetorically. Tracy grew gravely quiet. Dapples of illumination from the pool played off the sides of their faces, so Grace saw it when the teen’s eyes filled. “What’s wrong?” she asked.
“My mother doesn’t,” the girl answered softly.
Grace started to object, to politely refute the teen’s opinion, but decided to give the girl a sympathetic smile instead. Tracy smiled in return and then shivered.
“Let’s get you inside before you become an ice sculpture,” Grace teased.
Tracy smiled at the remark and was not surprised when Grace slipped an arm through hers as they walked inside.
By midnight, Grace Gresham-Nelson was asleep in the majestic bedroom in the east wing of the mansion. Down the hall, in one of the guest suites in the west wing, Tracy Sullivan lay in bed in the dark, staring thoughtfully at the ceiling. She still could not believe she was here. She’d had no idea, when she awoke this morning in her small pink-and-white bedroom in MacDonald Park, that the night would find her falling asleep in a spacious guest room in Miz Grace’s home. A mansion. A place filled with the most beautiful things Tracy had ever seen. A home in a neighborhood where everybody was black and rich and lived on smooth streets named after the Martin Luther Kings. Unbelievable, and wait till she told Scooby about it.
Momentarily, Tracy climbed out of bed and walked over to the room’s large window. She pushed aside the heavy curtain and looked outside. The night was cold and quiet in the Gresham-Nelson backyard. The swimming pool’s underwater lights turned it into a glowing blue eye. Miz Grace had said the pool was heated this time of year, and Tracy knew that this accounted for the steam that now rose from the water. Beyond the pool lay the dark oval strip of a running track, complete with yellow painted lanes. Nearby, a brick building that looked like a small gymnasium lay in shadows. Far away, in a corner near the property’s white wall, stood a tall lamppost, an electric light source that cast an orange glow over the back yard. Tracy pursed her lips. So this is what it meant to be Miz Grace. To be Jazz Nelson. To be rich and famous. She thought of Aunt Madge and Uncle Ed and their house in MacDonald Park. How silly of her to have thought them rich! And then she thought of her own home, Mama’s miserable tiny apartment in Area Place, and Tracy Sullivan made a decision: She definitely would listen to Miz Grace. She would study hard and read all her assignments and pull up her grades and go to college, yes, she would because—she glanced again over the scene outside—she wanted to live like this when she grew up. She wanted to be a famous athlete and have money and nice clothes and work in a school where everybody wished they could be like her. She wanted this more than she had ever wanted anything—anything—in her life. Tracy left the window, thought again of Miz Grace, and slipped into the fresh guest bed, where soon she fell deeply into a wonderful sleep.
* * *
“Tracy?”
The soft voice melted into Tracy’s consciousness. Her cheek lay against a soft white pillow. She turned over in bed and looked at the doorway. Miz Grace stood with her hand on the doorknob, wearing a dark silk robe, her lips bare, her face an even brown color, hair falling haphazardly to her shoulders. Tracy squinted. So this is what beautiful people looked like in the morning.
The woman smiled. “Good morning,” she said in the same soft pleasant voice that had awakened the teen.
Tracy smiled sleepily and sat up. “Morning.”
“Sleep well?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Good. I thought we could get dressed and go out for breakfast?”
The tone of her coach’s voice surprised Tracy. She wasn’t used to Miz Grace giving orders that sounded like questions. Tracy nodded once in approval. “Yes, ma’am,” she said and threw back the covers.
When they were showered and dressed, they went to a restaurant in a luxury hotel with marble floors and glass ceilings. After her trip to the breakfast bar, Tracy came to the table with enough items to justify her having two plates: grits, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage links, sausage patties, and pancakes. Grace’s single plate contained cubes of cantaloupe, honeydew melon and pineapple, and wedges of orange and grapefruit.
“That’s all you gonna eat?” Tracy asked critically.
“Are you gonna eat all that?” Grace countered.
They laughed.
“You haven’t listened to anything I’ve said in our nutrition sessions, have you?”
“Yeah, I have,” the girl insisted, spearing a sausage link. “You said eat healthy. I’m eating healthy!” She pointed. “I got the meat group. Bread. What’s the other one?”
“The other ones are fruit and vegetable, and dairy.”
“I got dairy!” the girl declared triumphantly. “Butter!” she said, pointing at her pancake.
“What about fruits and vegetables?”
The girl’s triumph fell away before she flinched happily with a new thought. “Orange juice!” She picked up her glass. “I got that, and that’s fruit.”
Grace eyed the girl with mock disapproval. She picked up her own fork and speared a cut of honeydew. “I hate to see how you eat when I’m not around, Sullivan.”
The girl smiled and dug hungrily into her meal.
After breakfast, they drove to a mall to catch after-Thanksgiving sales. On the way, they passed a mall complex, and Tracy asked why they hadn’t stopped. Grace smiled secretly and said, “Might see some of your classmates there. I know a safer place.” Tracy grew sober at the comment; it reminded her of Miz Grace’s rule about keeping their friendship a secret.
When they arrived at the chosen mall, Tracy did not know in which city they were, but she knew they had traveled thirty minutes to get there and that she never saw anyone she knew. In fact, most of the shoppers were white, and while many glanced at Grace twice or smiled when they saw her, that was largely the extent of intrusion from them. “Do they know who you are?” Tracy asked. “They think they do,” Grace replied. At one point, a smiling white couple approached them. The woman, clutching her husband’s arm, said in a melodic and pleasant Georgia drawl, “Excuse us, but mah husband and I were wondering who you are.” A moment’s hesitation, of anticipation, hung over the four—Tracy, Grace, the man and woman—before Grace smiled and said, “I get that all the time. But I’m not anyone you would know.”
Tracy’s eyes snapped wide with surprise, but a sliding glance from her coach instructed her to remain quiet.
“Oh, well, we’re sorry,” the lady apologized, her cheeks flushed. “It’s just that you’re so pretty, and the way you carry yourself we thought you might be somebody famous.”
Grace smiled politely but said nothing else, and the couple moved away with embarrassed expressions of farewell.
When they were gone, Tracy looked at Grace, puzzled. “They wouldn’t have told anybody about us, Miz Grace,” the teen said.
Grace gazed straight ahead as they walked. “That had nothing to do with us, Tracy,” she said softly.
By lunchtime, they had accumulated several bags of clothes from The Gap, Rich’s, Macy’s, Lerner’s, and other boutiques. It had been, for Tracy, an exhilarating experience, literally a dream come true, to walk into a clothing store and choose anything she wanted. “Anything, Miz Grace?” she had asked to make sure she’d heard the woman correctly. “Anything” had been the reply. “As long as it’s tasteful.” And with that permission, Tracy Sullivan had floated to her favorite stores and selected an outfit at each place—one outfit, because her aunt-instilled conscience told her not to be greedy, though she longed to be, for the first time in her life. When it was over, she held in her hands bags containing four pairs of pants, four shirts, and a pair of high-heeled ankle boots, and her heart thudded warmly in her chest and she glowed with a happiness she had never felt before. “Thank you, Miz Grace! Thank you!” she squealed.
Lunch was at a darkened restaurant where the food was delicious, and Tracy kept staring across the table in disbelief at the beautiful woman, her coach, Jazz Nelson’s wife, Amazing Grace, Miz Grace, and felt disembodied, as if such a fantastic experience were happening to some other girl and not to her.
“Tracy? Did you hear what I said?”
Tracy snapped out of her staring daze. “Huh?”
“Where’s your brain, Sullivan?”
“I’m sorry. I was just…. Um, what you asked me?”
A smile leapt into Grace’s eyes. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
Tracy smiled, blushing, looked away. “Oh. Nope,” she admitted.
Grace nodded with grave interest. “Why not?”
“I just… My mama say she’ll kill me if I get pregnant.”
“Just because you have a boyfriend doesn’t mean you have to get pregnant.”
“I know.”
“Is there one that you like?”
“Uh…nope. I mean, there’s some I see I think they cute, but…none I wanna go with. Well,” she added, “one, but…he already go with somebody.”
Grace was quiet a moment and then carefully said, “Beware of pretty boys. They expect to conquer. And so they prey on good girls like you.”
Tracy snapped a glance at the woman, searching, wondering. One day last month, Miz Grace had caught Tracy and Eric talking to each other in the gym before basketball practice. Even though the main door that connected the academies’ twin gyms remained locked on the boys’ side, on the girls’ side the door simply had to be pushed by its handle in order to be opened. Some girl had done so because when Tracy passed by, the door was ajar and in the space of the opening crouched Eric Richardson, stage-whispering her name and beckoning her over. Tracy was distressed by the invitation—didn’t that fool know better? What if they were caught by Coach Tab or Coach Julia or the mean staffers or Miz Grace? And what if somebody told Sheila Roundtree? Still, Tracy had gone over to see what Eric wanted. “Boy, you gon’ get me in trouble” was her greeting, to which Eric laughed and said, “What, I can’t say hello to you now? You too much of a superstar to talk to me now?” he teased lightheartedly. She had cut her eyes at him and was about to rattle off the list of reasons he should leave her alone, but before she could, Miz Grace materialized at Tracy’s elbow, startling both teens because they had not seen her walk up. “I will personally see to it that you don’t have a college career, Eric Richardson, if I ever catch you doing this again” was Miz Grace’s stern greeting. “Oh!” Eric responded nervously, “I-I’m sorry, Miz Grace!” She pulled the door shut in his face and burned a look at Tracy. “What’s the rule about this door, Sullivan?” she had asked, speaking softly—and curtly, for they had not yet become friends. “Um, we shouldn’t…it shouldn’t be open?” Tracy had replied. Miz Grace had merely stared at her with disapproval before softly stating, “Disregard it again and you’ll be wearing black and gold this season. I promise you that.” Only after the coach was walking away did Tracy connect the remark with its meaning. Black and gold were the school colors for L. Carlton Haines.
Now, as they sat across from each other at the restaurant table, Tracy gazed at the woman, the frightening coach who had incredibly become an affectionate friend and had just warned her to beware of pretty boys, and the teen nodded in obedience and promised, “Yes, ma’am.”
“And remember, if a young man is already involved with someone but tries to approach you, that’s not a compliment to you. It’s an insult, because he has shown you that he doesn’t think you deserve someone who’s only interested in you. It means he has a character flaw, and just as he’s trying to cheat with you on his girlfriend, he’ll do the same thing to you, if he gets you.”
“Oh.”
Grace hesitated. “What does your aunt say about boys?”
“She says I shouldn’t get serious since I’m too young to get married right now.”
“Good advice. What does she say about sex?”
“She just say don’t do it. ’Cause it’s fornication.”
Surprise registered on Grace’s face but she quickly erased it and spoke carefully.
“I know we haven’t known each other that long, Tracy, but I care about you. And not just because you’re my player. I—” The words love you appeared in Grace Gresham’s mind, surprising her, but she quickly disposed of them and finished, “—want you to be happy. And one of the ways to do that is to not let anyone take away the control you should have over your body. The most precious thing in the world is having the opportunity to give your virginity away, instead of having it stolen. Right now, you’re a beautiful clean temple, and many men are going to want to defile you. Don’t let them. Make sure the one you let in cares about you. And even then, no matter what he says, no matter what, Tracy, make him wear a condom. Insist that he wear one. Do you hear me?”
Tracy’s cheeks flushed. “Yes, ma’am,” she mumbled, looking at her plate.
“Tracy, look at me.”
The girl obeyed.
The woman continued. “It’s like you have a beautiful home with pretty white carpet. A man comes to your door with muddy boots on and wants to come inside. You say, ‘First, take off your boots.’ And he says, ‘But I’m much more comfortable with my shoes on.’ Do you let him come in with the muddy boots, or do you insist he take them off?”
“I’ll make him take ’em off,” the girl answered.
“And if he doesn’t, you don’t let him come inside, no matter how much he begs. Do you understand?”
Again, Tracy lowered her eyes. “Yes, ma’am.”
Manicured pretty hand reached out and grasped the unrefined teen hand and squeezed it.
Tracy, surprised by the contact, looked up at the woman’s face to see what the touch was for.
“I mean that, Tracy. Never let any man do anything to you that makes you uncomfortable. Do you hear me?”
“Yes, ma’am,” the girl replied.
Grace released Tracy’s hand and they finished the rest of their meal.
After lunch, they returned to the mansion. So that Tracy could see the features of the property, they mounted a golf cart the Nelsons used to get around the estate. At one point, they dismounted and entered the small building that housed the basketball and racquetball courts. There, Tracy picked up the orange sphere of her favorite hobby and smiled.
“Come on, Miz Grace. Let’s play Twenty-One.”
Grace opened her hands in a gesture that meant she wanted Tracy to throw the ball. The girl obeyed. “No,” Grace said. “Let’s play Amazing.”
Tracy made a confused face. “What?”
Grace pointed at the court floor, on which were painted blue circles with white letters on them. The circles were located at various points across the court, from inside the lane to the free throw line to the three-point zone. “These circles each have a letter. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Stand on a letter in the proper order and shoot. If you hit each shot, you’ve spelled amazing.” Grace dribbled the ball several times and swiftly passed to Tracy. “You want to go first?” she asked.
Tracy bounce-passed the ball back. “Nah, you can go. Age first,” she teased.
Grace caught the pass and smirked. “Alright,” she said and dribbled to the free-throw line. “But remember, you have to match or exceed what I do.”
“I got it.”
Tracy watched as her coach positioned herself for the shot. She had never seen Miz Grace in the position to play ball, and the sight struck her as strange, as if they were momentarily not coach and student but two students.
The ball sank through the nets neatly, making them snap.
Tracy made an impressed face and retrieved the rebound. “That was pretty, Miz Grace,” she said sincerely. “But probably a lucky shot,” she teased.
“That’s A,” Grace said, a smile lingering behind her features. She calmly dribbled to the top of the key, where she positioned herself, shot, and sank the ball. “That’s M,” she said.
“Whoa,” exclaimed Tracy softly. She retrieved the rebound, threw it back.
Grace returned to the freethrow line, hit again. “A.”
“Look at you!” the girl exclaimed in approval and again retrieved and threw the ball. Grace shot from just outside the key.
“Z.”
Tracy’s lips parted in wonder. Grace caught the pass from the girl and launched another shot from a nearby position. She smiled. “I.”
“Dag, Miz Grace,” Tracy said softly and tossed the ball back.
Grace stepped away from the key and launched again.
“N.”
A pass and a shot from the sideline.
“G.”
Tracy stared in awe.
“Pass it back,” the woman said. The girl obeyed. Grace went downtown, to the area of the floor between the top of the key and the half-court line, and shot. The ball went in.
Tracy stared, mouth open.
“That’s the exclamation point,” the woman explained. “You don’t have to duplicate that.” She walked over to the girl, who stood near the basket, and held the ball up for Tracy to take. “Your turn,” she challenged.
Tracy held the ball and did not move, but in that moment she decided she would never, never question anything Miz Grace told her to do.
* * *
When they came inside, Grace picked up the phone receiver in the den to check the voice mail for messages. Darrel had not called again last night, so she assumed he had arrived safely in Alabama. Now, she held the phone to her ear and listened. One message, the electronic voice announced. Him, she thought, and felt smug—he was so predictable. Friday, November 23rd, ten-thirty a.m. A woman’s voice spoke next, startling Grace. Good morning, this is Mrs. Gentry came the greeting. I didn’t know if you folks were out of town, but just in case you were home and wanted any, I have some Thanksgiving supper left over—still very good. I’ll bring it out and leave it for you, if you’d like. Otherwise, it’s just sitting here. If I don’t hear back from you, I’ll be there Monday, for work.
Grace pressed the button to hang up the phone. Her disappointment over Darrel’s silence ebbed in the face of Mrs. Gentry’s offer, for it was after 4 p.m. and dinnertime would be soon. Grace took the receiver into the kitchen, where Mrs. Gentry’s phone number was stuck to the bulletin board. Grace dialed the number. After only two rings, there was a pickup. Mrs. Gentry’s pleasant voice sounded on the other end.
“Hello?”
“Mrs. Gentry, hi. This is Grace Nelson.”
“Well, hello, there!” came the warm response.
“Is it too late to avail myself of your offer?”
“Oh, no! Not at all! I can bring it out right now!”
“That would be great. I have one of the students here and”—Grace chuckled as one embarrassed—“I didn’t feel like cooking.” Serious again, she continued, “And I insist on compensating you.”
“Oh, please, no, Mrs. Nelson. Trust me, it’s my pleasure! I cooked all of this and…I don’t know why.”
Grace heard the eagerness in the older woman’s voice and wondered if Mrs. Gentry had relatives in town or if she had spent Thanksgiving alone. “I’m sure you don’t mind, but I must—at least let me give you something for gasoline. No argument!”
“Well, if you insist,” Mrs. Gentry agreed.
“See you when you get here, then.”
“I’m leaving now!” the maid declared.
Two hours later, the three women—the pubescent, the nubile, the aging—stood at the island counter in the Gracewood kitchen, gazing at the dishes of turkey and dressing and other homemade fixings.
“Mrs. Gentry, I insist.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. Please,” Grace said sincerely. “Eat with us.”
The oldest two women glanced shyly at each other. The invitation marked a change in their relationship, a taboo in employer-domestic etiquette, and both knew it, but Grace did not back down from the offer and Mrs. Gentry stopped politely resisting. Both surrendered with a smile and began preparing plates, though Mrs. Gentry, a woman who became more industrious when she was in a good mood, did most of the preparation. Presently, they sat in the dining room and exchanged smiles of appreciation. They were here—three disparate women, separated by age and status, not connected by family ties, and yet in the mind of each was the thought that she was, at that moment, part of a family. Grace looked expectantly at the older woman. “Would you, please?” she asked.
Mrs. Gentry, who sat at the head of the table, stretched out her hands to the females sitting to her right and left. Grace had not expected the handholding during prayer but appreciated it, for it was something she had done with Tip. Tracy had never seen anyone hold hands to pray, but when her coach grasped the old lady’s hand, Tracy did the same thing but felt a stab of uneasiness. Aunt Madge would not approve of her praying with worldly people, to a god who was not Jehovah. Still, Tracy joined the women in bowing heads and closing eyes. She listened skeptically, at first, but then opened her eyes and watched in fascination as Mrs. Gentry spoke in an unhurried, heartfelt manner, a manner Tracy had never before heard anyone use in prayer—not even Aunt Madge.
“Dear Lord, you are, indeed, the hearer of prayer and the provider of all good things. Because we are here right now…because these two dear young people and I are here, we know you exist. Each of us could have been somewhere else this evening. Lord, one of us would have been alone. But instead, you put it in this beautiful young woman’s heart to arrange to have us here, and for this blessing your love overflows in us at this moment. May you bless Mr. and Mrs. Nelson, and their union, and bless this very sweet-mannered child, Tracy. The three of us thank you for this meal, and for life, and for companionship. We praise you, and we love you for your goodness. Through Christ our Lord, we pray. Amen.”
“Amen,” said Tracy and Grace, as they all looked up. Tracy, reeling from the sincerity of the prayer, gazed at the women and wondered why Jehovah would consider them wicked. Grace made a thoughtful grunt in her throat and seemed to have trouble meeting anyone’s eyes. Mrs. Gentry’s eyes were pink and she fixed her mouth strangely as if keeping something inside. She quickly recovered, however, snapping back into composure and fussing over the food. “Well, I’m hungry,” she declared eagerly. “So am I,” agreed Grace. Tracy was hungry, too, but she didn’t say anything. She merely picked up her fork and thought how fortunate she was to be eating dinner in the house of Jazz Nelson.
* * *
Mrs. Gentry left at eight p.m. Tracy and Grace relaxed in the den, where they played Scrabble and listened to music, including Sade. During the word game, they laughed often and enjoyed slices of the strawberry shortcake Mrs. Gentry had left for them.
“Fina? What’s that mean, Tracy?”
“It’s not fee-nah. It’s fin-na.”
“As in what?”
“As in I’m finna get a point and you just tryna find something wrong with my word!”
They collapsed in laughter.
“That’s not a word, Tracy, and you know it!”
“Yeah, it is!”
“No, it’s not! Maybe in Ariel Place, but not here!”
“Oh, now you tryna crack on my neighborhood!”
They laughed again.
After Scrabble, they sat back on the couch and relaxed. Grace found the remote and pressed a new CD selection.
“I want you to hear this.”
Tracy waited. Soon the voice of a woman came over the room’s sound system. Grace turned up the volume and although Tracy found the singer’s voice pleasant, it was unfamiliar. The music was also not her favorite kind—it was old music, the kind Aunt Madge listened to sometimes. “Who is that?” Tracy asked, not impressed.
“Sarah Vaughan.”
“Who is that?” the youth asked, frowning.
“You’ve never heard of Sarah Vaughan?”
“Nope,” said the girl.
Grace smiled, amused, and then listened, so Tracy did, too. From the stereo came a smooth, throaty contralto accompanied by a soaring, orchestrated, flowing melody.
“She was a jazz singer, a balladeer, a pop vocalist—all of that. Music scholars agree she had one of the most exquisite voices of the twentieth century. Her career started in the forties and continued until she died in April of this year.”
“Oh.”
“At her best,” the woman concluded, “which I think was in the late 1950s, her voice is perfect. I admire that—perfection. And hers is a rare example of someone whose singing voice was helped, and not harmed, by cigarette smoking. As she aged, it gave a pleasant texture to her voice. But smoking might also have killed her. She died from cancer.”
Grace gravely considered this last fact before closing her eyes to absorb the singing, a smile playing upon her lips. But Tracy couldn’t concentrate on the song—she was still not over the shock of being there. With Miz Grace, or this stranger who looked like Miz Grace. Tracy’s head teemed with scenes of the day, of driving around and eating in restaurants and shopping at the mall as if they were mother and daughter. Of laughing together and teasing each other in public as if they were sisters. And so this display of couch theatrics on Miz Grace’s part only added to Tracy’s disbelief. Was this a dream? Was she really spending another night with Miz Grace and were they really eating cake and hanging out like best friends? Tracy took a deep breath. The reality of everything was suddenly overwhelming and so her curiosity became a bubble that swelled until it popped out of her mouth in an unexpected question.
“How come you don’t have any children, Miz Grace?”
The woman’s eyes opened. Her smile of contentment became a different smile, a subtle and guarded one. “A better question,” she replied, “is why aren’t you living with your mother?”
Tracy’s expression darkened. She lowered her gaze and mumbled, “’Cause my mama crazy. She drink and…use drugs and…like men a lot.”
Grace grew sober. “Have any of them tried to do anything to you?”
The girl averted her eyes. “No.”
Grace studied the girl. “Really?” she asked.
“Yes.”
Grace continued the study. “Good,” she finally said. “But I want you to promise me that if any of your mother’s boyfriends or any man does something to you that makes you feel uncomfortable, you’ll come to me. Or to your aunt. Do you hear me?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I mean it, Tracy. You don’t ever have to feel afraid of anything. Because you’ve got me.”
Grace watched for the effect of her words on the teen. They were similar to words Tip had said to her when she was a frightened little girl full of secrets. You don’t have to be afraid, my dear, because I’m here. You’ve got me. The assurance had worked on Grace, and now she hoped it was doing the same to Tracy Sullivan.
The teen lowered her head and smiled gently, as one touched. “Thank you,” she said. “But I’m okay.”
“Good,” Grace finally said. “Good.”
Another Sarah Vaughan song began to play, a happy, lilting tune. Grace reverted to playfulness and grabbed Tracy by the hand.
“Come on. You dance?”
Tracy resisted, frightened by the prospect. “No!” she answered. Mama always told her she danced like a chicken, and she did not want to demonstrate this inability for Miz Grace.
“Sure, you do! Anyone who plays basketball as gracefully as you do—” With a strong tug she pulled the girl to her feet.
“No! I don’t!”
Warmth spread over Tracy’s face—embarrassment, pleasure. This was so how having a mother was supposed to be! She felt Miz Grace’s hand slip around her waist and her cheeks burned. They were standing so close a basketball would not fit between them. Tracy bowed her head bashfully. Her hand shot into the air, captured and lifted by Miz Grace’s hand. Tracy recognized the stance: They were about to waltz like people did on TV.
The words to the song, delivered by Vaughan’s voice, were a textural fusion of talc and crystal.
’S wonderful,
’s marvelous
you should care
for me.
Again, Tracy could not believe this was the same Miz Grace she knew at school. The same lady who scared everybody, giving orders like a sergeant and hardly smiling and never laughing. The same woman who was so admired her clothing generated money for students. The same one who drove the Jag and sported brand names and burned a hole in your heart whenever she trained her intense pretty stare on you in the sports complex. And now, this same Miz Grace was standing before her, holding her by the waist and by the hand, forcing her to step to some jaunty old music.
’S awful nice,
’s paradise.
’S what I love
to see.
Grace smiled happily. Tracy smiled uncertainly.
“Step with me. One . . . two. One . . . two. See? You can do this.”
You’ve made my life
so glamorous.
You can’t blame me
for feeling amorous.
“Tip, my mother, would give me dance lessons. I had to do stuff like this all the time. It helped me, though, really. When I needed to run or play ball? It improved my coordination, my rhythm.”
Tracy nodded in response but was concentrating more on following the progression of Grace’s feet. The woman was stepping forward first with one foot, then with the other, then doing the same in reverse. “You’re doing great! See? You can dance,” the woman said, and at one point she released Tracy’s waist and spun the girl with one hand. They laughed together, and the song came to an end.
Oh, it’s wonderful,
’s marvelous
that you should care
for me!


Chapter Forty-Five
KEEPING THE SECRET
Tracy emerged from the cafeteria kitchen, tray of food in hand, and immediately heard someone call her name. She looked in the direction of the voice and saw Patricia Butler swipe a hand through the air in a beckoning motion. Pat was seated at a table with Evelyn Dent, Toni Christian, Sandra Butler and Wanda Carver. Tracy walked over to them, face burning with shyness, but pleasant warmth filled her chest because she, Tracy Sullivan, a sophomore, had been summoned to a table of senior Grace Girls—and the junior Wanda, who was an honorary senior. Tracy could feel the eyes of other students on her as she strode toward her teammates and selected the chair beside Co-captain Pat. Dent, the captain, sat on the other side of Pat. Across the table were tall Toni, elegant Sandra, and little Wanda, whose chair was directly across from Tracy’s. Tracy sank into the chair, uneasy. She knew that even though Wanda was not mean or unkind to her, the junior was not happy to have been replaced by Tracy in the starting lineup. And while Wanda continued to dart about the gym and locker room, playing practical jokes on others, Tracy sensed there was something different about the little girl, an element of quiet in Wanda’s demeanor that did not seem present the first day of school, when Wanda, as Splotch Eye, had interrogated Tracy with restless impunity on the bleachers.
“Whassup, Baby Girl?” greeted Pat with loud friendliness.
Tracy sensed the mood of the seniors. They were happy to see her. “Hey,” she said, and Dent, Toni and Sandra responded warmly. Wanda didn’t speak but smiled dubiously at Tracy.
“Uh-oh, here come the superstar,” teased Toni, which elicited smiles of agreement from the others.
Tracy blushed. “Not me,” she denied.
“Yeah, you!” insisted Pat.
Dent, on the other side of Pat, bent forward and looked down the table at Tracy. “You did do good Wednesday, Tracy.”
“Yep, we probably wouldn’t have won without you,” said Toni.
“Yeah yeah yeah, we know all that,” said Pat impatiently. “What I wanna know is, what happened with you and Miz Grace?”
Tracy froze, couldn’t speak, her heart pounded. How did they know she had spent the weekend with Miz Grace? It was supposed to be a secret! Miz Grace had made her promise to keep it a secret, and she had, she hadn’t told anyone at Beck, so how had they found out? “What?” she asked dumbly.
“What you mean ‘what?’” said Pat. “Miz Grace took you home after the game Wednesday night, right?”
Tracy relaxed, almost sighed with relief. They didn’t know! “Oh, yeah,” she said and chuckled weakly.
“So, what happened?” Sandra asked before sliding a fork full of food between her lips.
Tracy glanced at Wanda, whose mouth was frozen in an odd smile and whose large brown eyes, one surrounded by paleness, were fixed intently on Tracy as she waited for a reply. The lie tumbled clumsily from Tracy’s mouth.
“Sh-She just needed to talk to my aunt about my grades.”
“Your grades? Damn, Baby Girl, you that dumb?” teased Pat with a frown.
“You told us that on Wednesday,” said Toni. “We want to know what happened. Did she go in your aunt’s house, talk to her at the car, or what?”
Tracy remembered Wednesday night, when she and Miz Grace sat in the Jag in front of Aunt Madge’s house and talked, and felt a pinch of panic in her belly—the lying was not getting easier. “Um, she just, um, we—she came inside. But she didn’t stay long.” She intended that to be the end of it, but they were silent, waiting for more. Tracy’s face burned and she stammered, “She…told my aunt I…need to study more. In English. So I could stay on the team.”
“You failin?” Dent asked.
“No, I got C’s, but…my, um, English teacher told Miz Grace I didn’t do good on the last test.”
“Oh, Miz Grace will stick her nose in your business if you play ball for her,” assured Sandra.
“Yup,” said Dent. “She serious bout grades. She uh bench you in a minute if she don’t like yo pote card.”
Toni looked across the table at Tracy with interest. “I’m still surprised she let you ride in her car.”
Tracy returned Toni’s look. The food in her throat was suddenly hard to swallow.
“Yeah!” agreed Pat robustly. “I know for a fact she always been funny ’bout that car. Wouldn’t let nobody ride in it!”
“Yep. And I heard she get it detailed every day,” shared Toni.
“And doesn’t like people touching it,” said Sandra. “And I always want to tell her, ‘Miz Grace, my mama got a Jag, so it ain’t no big deal to me!’”
The others chuckled but Tracy was silent. She knew Miz Grace did not wash her car every day and had not seemed concerned at all about Tracy’s getting into it, or touching it, this weekend.
“Last year,” continued Pat in her animated manner, “this girl name Tammy Cole—she graduated now, you remember her, Dent?”
“MmHm.”
“Tammy Cole and this other girl were walking home after practice one day, and it was ’bout to rain. You could tell it was ’bout to pour down ’cause the clouds were dark—purple—you know how it get right before it storm. Anyway, Tammy Cole and the girl were walking down the street, through the neighborhood, ’bout to rain, and Miz Grace pull up beside ’em in her Jag, let the window down—you know, press the button, slide it down on the passenger side, so they think she ’bout to ask them to get in—and she said, all nice and sweet, ‘It’s about to rain. You girls better hurry up and get home.’”
All six girls laughed, Pat releasing guffaws, Tracy chuckling softly.
“Not ‘Can I give y’all a ride home’ but ‘Y’all better hurry up and get home!’” Pat added. “They her Girls, alright, but I bet she was gonna let their behinds get wet that day!”
More laughter.
“That’s Miz Grace,” confirmed Sandra.
Pat sobered and looked at Tracy approvingly. “Guess that mean you special, Baby Girl.”
“Either that or you just need to fail a class,” said Sandra. She looked at Wanda sitting next to her and teased softly, “Hear that, Wanda? Bring home an F and you get to ride in Miz Grace’s Jag.” Sandra and the other seniors chuckled.
Wanda cut her eyes at Sandra and sucked her teeth. “I don’t make F’s,” she retorted, which brought out more laughs.
Tracy glanced searchingly at Wanda’s face to see if the girl’s remark was intended as an insult for Tracy, but Wanda would not return the look.
“But really,” said Pat seriously, addressing Tracy again, “Miz Grace like you—we can tell. And that’s cool, you know, ’cause I understand: You ah’ight, Baby Girl. You gotta sweet personality and you good on court, and Miz Grace all about winning. So I understand why she like you.”
Tracy smiled meekly at Pat. “Thanks,” she said shyly. There were no murmurs of agreement from the other girls at the table, and Tracy felt that, especially with Wanda present, Pat’s compliment was bad timing.
“Now,” continued Pat, “if you was some sarcastic hoochie like Sandra, I could understand why Miz Grace wouldn’t let you ride in her car.” The others laughed.
Sandra pointed her fork warningly at Pat, pretending to be offended. “Oh I know Creole Lady Marmalade ain’t calling me a hoochie!”
Again, the group laughed, but even as they did so, Tracy could see in Wanda Carver’s expression a meek sadness that made Tracy regret the amusement around them.
* * *
“Scooby! You won’t believe it!”
“What?”
“IspentthenightatJazzNelsonhouse!”
“What?”
“I spent the night…at…Jazz Nelson’s house!”
“What! When?”
“Thursday and Friday!”
“You serious?”
“Yep! Thursday and Friday, and woulda stayed Saturday night, too, if my aunt hadn’t said I needed to come home.”
“Did you meet ’im?”
“Yep, but not at his house. He went to Alabama to be with his family for Thanksgiving, but before he left, I met him in the parking lot at the Summit.”
“The Summit?”
“Yep. I went to the game on Thursday.”
“The Majestics game?”
“Yop!”
“Man, why you ain’t tell me?”
“I tried to, I called you Saturday!”
“Why you ain’t tell me before you went? I woulda wanted to go!”
“You couldn’t go with me. I went with Miz Grace!”
“Oh. She took the team?”
“Nope, just me.”
“For real?”
“Yop.”
“I didn’t know y’all was tight like that.”
“Well, we weren’t—’til she asked me to go. But Scooby, it was the best thing ever happened to me!”
“What y’all did?”
“Went to this big room on the fourth floor where the players’ family and people who know ’em eat and watch the game out the window or on these big TVs. I’m talking about good food, too! And Jason Mathers niece took me to the floor and we sat right by the court in Miz Grace and Jazz Nelson seats—’cause Miz Grace didn’t wanna sit on the floor, she stayed up in the family lounge. And after that, Miz Grace and me went to the parking lot where the players park, and I met him! And Scooby, he was so nice!”
“How he looked?”
“He was sharp! Had on this long black leather coat and his Kangol turned to the back, and a white turtleneck.”
“Lookin’ like Shaft!”
“Yop! But he was nice, Scooby. Smelled good. Pretty skin. Shook my hand, and his hand was so soft and big. And when Miz Grace told him my name, he pointed at me and said, ‘The superstar?’ and laughed.”
“Then what happened?”
“Jazz Nelson left, but Miz Grace asked me to spend the night with her. And I did, and Scooby! They got a pretty house!”
“For real?”
“Yop! I’m talking big rooms! Pretty carpet! White piano! Big ol’ picture of Jazz Nelson on the wall, ’bout to dunk. Big picture of Miz Grace in her wedding dress. Diamond chandeliers. Swimming pool that light up at night—and it’s heated! Tennis court! Track field—I’m talking about a real track. And they got this building by the house with a basketball court and a racquetball court in it. And you can look through these big windows and see out of one court to the other court. It’s bad, Scooby. I ain’t never seen nothing like that.”
“Man.”
“Yop. Oh! And they live—well, I can’t tell you that, but I can tell you that all the streets where they live named after Martin Luther King and his family.”
“Why you can’t tell me where they live?”
“’Cause Miz Grace don’t want nobody to know where she live. She real private.”
“Aw, man, who I’ma tell?”
“I can’t tell you, Scooby. I promised her.”
“Well, what she tryna keep it secret for? People can find out where Jazz Nelson live, if they want to.”
“Yeah, but she didn’t want none of the students at Beck to know.”
“I ain’t no student at Beck. And anyway that’s crazy. If you told me, she wouldn’t know you told me. For all she know, I coulda got it out a magazine or something.”
“I can’t tell you.”
“That’s messed up, Tracy. If I knew where Jazz Nelson lived, and you didn’t, I’d tell you.”
“I know, Scooby, but I’m sorry, I gotta keep my word to Miz Grace. I told her I wouldn’t tell nobody at Beck that I went to her house. And she said she liked to keep where she lived a secret so people won’t bother her and Jazz Nelson when they come home.”
“Yeah, but that don’t apply to me, Tracy. I’m supposed to be your friend.”
“You are, Scooby. But she is, too.”
“Oh, I see. Jazz Nelson wife your friend now, so to hell with me, right?”
“No, Scooby, that’s not what I mean. And are you mad for real?”
“I ain’t mad. I just think it’s fucked up, the way you acting, that’s all.”
“How I’m acting, Scooby?”
“That’s ah’ight, Tracy—”
“No, I wanna know—”
“Forget it, Tracy—”
“And you are mad ’cause you said ‘effed up,’ and you never cuss at me.”
“Look. I’ma go, ah’ight. Say hello to Jazz Nelson for me—next time you go to his house!”
“Scooby—”
“Bye!”
He hung up before she could say more.


Chapter Forty-Six
WONDERFUL WHIRL
Tracy walked into her aunt’s kitchen the Wednesday evening after the wondrous weekend and deposited her school backpack on the floor. Madgelyn Porter stood at the sink, washing dishes, and did not look up when her niece entered the room.
“Hey, Aun’ Madge.”
“Hi, Tracy.”
Tracy placed a light kiss on her aunt’s cheek and sank into a chair at the table. She exhaled in a great puff of air and announced, “I’m tired! Miz Grace be killing us.”
“Is that so?” the aunt said without turning away from her work.
“Yop. This our first real week of practice, and I don’t know what’s harder—it or the training we just did.”
At the sink there was silence except for the sound of water running from a tap and the clank of sterling silverware and porcelain dishes striking together. Sensing that her aunt was not in a good mood, or at least not in a talkative one, Tracy rose to leave.
“Miss Grace called.”
The teen halted. “She did? What for?”
“She wanted to know if you could spend the night with her again this coming Saturday.”
Tracy’s mouth fell open in stunned pleasure before she recovered enough to speak. “She did? She ain’t say nothing to me about it at school.”
“Well, at any rate, she wants you there. Says her husband will be home this weekend and she thought you might like to spend some time with them.”
“Yes!” the girl exclaimed happily—and then, with sudden caution: “What you tell her?”
“That I had to ask your mother.”
Tracy frowned. “Why you gotta ask her?”
“Because she’s your mother.”
“You my mama more than she is. She stupid, anyway.”
“Don’t talk about her like that.”
“But she is craze—”
“You heard me, Tracy. Jehovah says honor your parents. Even if they are crazy.”
The girl sighed, frustrated. “Well, what Mama say?”
“Believe it or not, she didn’t have a problem with it.”
“For real?” Tracy smiled.
“But you shouldn’t expect to be with Miss Grace every weekend.”
“Why not?”
“Because it’s rude. No one should visit someone every weekend.”
“This’ll only be my second time over there.”
Madge wrung out the dishcloth. “I just don’t want you to wear out your welcome. And don’t pester her about letting you come over. Wait for her to invite you.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And…make sure you get your homework done on Friday night.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And….you have to be back Sunday at a decent time. No later than three would be good.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And….” Madge wiped her hands on the dry hand cloth and sighed, unable to think of anything else. “Never mind,” she said and left the room.
* * *
For the next three weekends, Tracy found herself again inside the gray-glass luxury of Grace’s Jaguar, on her way to the black-owned luxury of King Estates, heading for the white-walled luxury of Gracewood Mansion. Throughout this time, the Grace Girls had six ball games—two on Tuesdays, one on Friday, the other three on Saturdays. The Friday game occurred the first weekend, and when it ended, Tracy went home with Grace that night, because the team no longer practiced on Saturday mornings. On the last two weekends, there were no Friday games, so Tracy waited after school, bubbling with secret joy, so that she could leave campus with Grace. Each time she drove home with Grace, Tracy reminded herself she was not experiencing a dream, that she was, indeed, blessed with a friendship with the woman she thought the most wonderful person in the world.
On her second visit to the mansion, which occurred the first weekend in December, Darrel Nelson was home, just as Grace had said he would be. Thrilled and overwhelmed by his presence, Tracy found herself bent low on the indoor court of the estate, hands stretched out before her as she sought to check and guard Jazz Nelson and prevent him from making a basket. She was at first intimidated by his presence, warm-faced and tongue-tied, while Grace kept assuring her that Darrel “didn’t bite” and was really a much nicer person than she was. In the end, after an abbreviated game of one-on-one, during which he gave her pointers and graciously allowed her to execute a spin and fake that left him staring at her in surprise, Tracy came to regard Darrel as she imagined she would a kind older brother. It was an encounter that left her in trembling disbelief for a day.
On that same visit, Tracy learned that Grace’s secret Sunday errand was disseminating sandwiches and fruit drinks to homeless people in a park downtown. Standing with Grace at the open trunk of the woman’s black BMW, Tracy helped pass out the food items with silent admiration for the woman she called coach. Miz Grace was an angel, she thought. Mean and unsmiling at school, but really an angel. “And this angel likes me,” she kept thinking. “A girl Mama always said nobody would like. This pretty angel likes me.” Afterwards, as they drove away from the scene, she asked, “Why do you do that?” Grace pondered the question before answering softly, “Because I can.”
Later, they walked through the luxurious Phipps Plaza, Atlanta’s mall for the rich, where Tracy’s mouth dropped open in shock at the price tags in Saks Fifth Avenue. “Two thousand dollars? What fool would pay that much for a coat?” the girl scorned. Grace pretended to be insulted. “I beg your pardon!” she said defensively, and they laughed. In Neiman Marcus, Tracy refused to choose any merchandise for herself—Aunt Madge had sternly instructed her to refrain from accepting any further purchases offered by the teacher—but Grace, unaware of the girl’s real reason for refusing, insisted on getting Tracy something. It turned out to be a two-hundred-dollar necklace and earring set. Tracy, who had eyed the set and then moved on to other browsing—including trying on, at Grace’s insistence, an outfit—gasped in surprise when she emerged from the dressing room and found the flashing yellow-gold set in a blue velvet jewelry case the woman handed to her. Tracy’s eyes blurred and she embraced the woman harder than she had ever embraced anyone in her life—with the possible exception of her aunt, but Tracy was not sure if the hugs she gave Aunt Madge ever matched the intensity of emotion she felt when she embraced Miz Grace in Neiman’s.
On the following weekend, Darrel Nelson was out of town for a road game, so the weekend became, for Tracy and Grace, one of athletic adventure and fun. In the exercise room on the second floor of the mansion, Grace demonstrated how to use the weight machine. Tracy tried to imitate the movements but trembled with the effort before giving up. Afterwards, they each mounted a machine—Tracy, a stair climber; Grace, the treadmill—and vigorously strode to the music of Janet Jackson’s “When I Think of You.” The lyrics of the ebullient love song buoyed Tracy’s spirits and made her pump zestfully on the climbing machine.
That evening, they drove into town for a Beck-Riverdale game, after which Tracy returned with Grace to the mansion. The next morning they dressed in green-and-black biker outfits and headed for the health club where Grace and Darrel were members. Joyner’s Health Club impressed Tracy; it was much like the Beck sports complex. And the fact that the club was an exclusive-membership establishment made Tracy feel both unworthy and privileged when she walked in with Miz Grace, whom everybody at the club seemed to know and like. They rented a pair of the club’s trail bikes from a dark black man who wore spandex shorts and had more muscles than Tracy had ever seen on a body. She was dazzled by the man’s good looks, and was amused and thrilled when he flirted with Miz Grace. “Anything for you, Mrs. Nelson,” the man said when Grace asked for the best bikes in stock. Later, Tracy exchanged a secret grin with the man, for she had caught him watching Grace in admiration as the woman walked away.
Outside, Tracy and Grace whizzed along the spa’s six-mile bike trail, going first in one direction, then in the other, until their lungs grabbed heaping portions of air and their brown complexions glowed pink with the warmth of rushing blood. It was, for Tracy, the most fun she had ever had exercising, and it astounded her when Grace told her afterwards that they had pedaled twelve miles. After the workout, they showered, received massages from spa staff members, and changed into street clothes. Tracy felt pampered and tingly and new, and at one point she worried that the happiness in her heart would expand to the point of bursting.
On the third weekend in December, Beck faced Haines in their celebrated Christmas tournament. At noon the next day, Grace left Tracy at Nyeema’s Beauty Spa in Buckhead and then drove to Phipps to shop. At Nyeema’s, the salon’s namesake personally undertook the transformation of Grace Nelson’s feminine tomboy pupil into an elegant, striking, pretty young woman. Mrs. Rich NBA Wife had paid handsomely for the special Sunday appointment—Nyeema’s was normally closed on that day. But Nyeema liked Grace Nelson, and more than that, she liked the woman’s persuasive monetary tactics, so Nyeema cleaned and waxed the teen’s skin; carefully arched her brows; artfully applied makeup to the girl’s face; delivered a thorough manicure and pedicure; and deep-conditioned, relaxed, cut, and blow-dried the girl’s hair into a classy, shoulder-length, bone-straight pageboy that parted on the side and curved toward the chin. A photographer Nyeema contracted took pictures of the new look and promised to get them to his client the next day. Afterwards, when Grace returned to pick up the teen, she and Tracy observed the girl’s new look in a mirror and squealed in delight, hugging each other excitedly. To celebrate, Grace drove Tracy to Phipps, where she had outfits picked out for the girl to try in the dressing rooms of Saks, Neiman’s, and Lord & Taylor. In the end, there was an elegant caramel knit pants ensemble, two pairs of trendy solid-print wide-legged pants with matching vests and funky clogs, and a seductive cream-colored, body-hugging cashmere dress whose hem, as it turned out, ended above the girl’s knees. There were also two pairs of blue jeans, a pair of Capri slacks, a Navy jacket, a camel-hair swing coat, flesh-colored classic leather pumps, black flats, and leather riding boots. At the end of the shopping trip, Tracy had delivered to the woman another tremendous embrace that left them both breathless.
They had first come together as friends on Thursday, November 22, and the spa makeover occurred Sunday, December 16. For Tracy, the twenty-five days were a glorious passage of time. Not only had she met Jazz Nelson and become Miz Grace’s friend, she had also found herself at the center of attention wherever she went in school. None of the students knew the depth of her friendship with Miz Grace, but they knew the two had a special connection, and this made Tracy the most envied student at the academies. As she passed down the corridors of Beck, a blur of friendly faces passed by and offered praise for her ball playing. Not-so-friendly faces challenged her on court, both at practice and during actual games, and dared her to try one of her successful moves. Shrill blows of referees’ whistles pierced her ears. The vibrating thunder of clapping hands and stomping feet made her flesh tremble. Swirls of color surrounded her—burgundy and tan and orange and green and other foreign-colored pompons and uniforms. Congratulatory slaps pounded against her shoulder blades. Eric Richardson’s gray eyes studied her discreetly before and after games, and in the cafeteria on Wednesdays and Fridays, but he had not spoken to her since the day Grace caught him stealing a conversation with Tracy in the doorway that connected the gymnasiums.
Approval for Tracy’s ball-playing issued also from Grace, with discreet looks of admiration when they were courtside, and with tender words of appreciation when they were alone in her office. Tracy averaged 27 points and 15 rebounds a game. She amazed not only the world of Beck, but auditoriums full of people, including scouts from NCAA colleges. The scouts had learned about Grace’s rookie-to-watch through the Sports Illustrated article in which Josh Shepherd wrote that Tracy could “quite possibly become the most exciting athlete women’s high-school sports has seen since, well, her own coach”—a quote that pleased Grace immensely.
At some point during the month, Grace and Tracy began holding conversations, between sixth period and basketball practice, at the woman’s table-desk on the gym floor, something other students noted with curiosity, for many had long wished for, and ever been denied, the opportunity to converse privately with Miz Grace. And so most were baffled by the attention she gave to Tracy Sullivan. But Tracy, in her state of pleasant oblivion, was not aware of how deeply she was envied at school. She was not aware that her conversations at home with her aunt and uncle always drifted to the topic of Grace and the team. She was not fully aware that her sudden rapt attention in class and her increased desire to do homework, as well as her sudden complete lack of interest in anything she heard at the Kingdom Hall, were the results of her desire to fulfill the role of being a disciple of Grace. And whenever she spoke to schoolmates on the phone (for she had acquired Beck friends—or at least girls who desired to be her friends), even as she chatted agreeably and sometimes allowed them to discuss the goings-on in their lives—yes, even as she did all this, Tracy’s conversations always eventually, inevitably turned to the topic of Miz Grace.


Chapter Forty-Seven
BECK VS. HAINES
Few things in the world of metro Atlanta high-school sports generated as much excitement as did the rivalry that existed between L. Carlton Haines High School and the combined athletic force of Langston and Beck academies. At its base, it was a competition between classes—black affluence versus black poverty, privilege versus disadvantage, descendants of mixed-race wealth versus heirs of field-hand struggle. But it was more than that. The Beck-Langston and Haines competition was a battle between a marvelously designed athlete and a staggering dethroned inner-city champ who was hell-bent on recapturing lost glory.
L. Carlton Haines was conceived during a ménage à trois between white segregationists, black integrationists, and the federal government. Following the Supreme Court’s 1954 Brown vs. Board of Education decision, which declared it unconstitutional for blacks and whites to receive public education in separate facilities, Atlanta’s city leaders, many of whom were white segregationists, panicked. They needed immediately a strategy that would distract black integrationists from the pursuit of infiltrating all-white schools. So the leaders petitioned the state for funds to build a massive high school for blacks in downtown Atlanta, one newer than the then 30-year-old Booker T. Washington High School, located west of the city. The state approved, and L. Carlton Haines High, named after a noted black educator, was born. The facility, completed in 1957, worked just as the segregationists hoped it would. Not only did it give Atlanta’s black youths an appealing place to matriculate, it assured that the bulk of them would remain separate from white students—important more at the high-school level than in lower grades, because in high school black testicles swelled, and Atlanta’s city leaders wanted to protect their white daughters from the burgeoning desires of young black males.
During the same year, Ariel Place Homes, a federal housing project, was completed in downtown Atlanta on property that surrounded L. Carlton Haines. Ostensibly designed to provide affordable living arrangements for blacks, Ariel Place, like many of the New Deal and post-war housing projects, was constructed to ensure the continuation of housing segregation. With a massive population of the city’s blacks inhabiting the new project, and with the children of these families attending the new high school, Haines immediately attained the cream of Atlanta’s black student athletes and became a sports powerhouse. For twenty years after their birth, the Haines Jaguars were, with few exceptions, city and state champions in the three major sports—football, basketball, and track and field. Many Haines athletes went on to college careers, and three of them—two football players and a male track star—achieved national fame.
By 1978, however, the strength of the Haines athletic program had weakened considerably due to the hemorrhaging away of its best athletes. This hemorrhaging occurred for four reasons. First, busing took top-achieving students from black schools to white. Second, as other housing opportunities became available to them, many black families moved out of the city and into the suburbs. Third, smaller black inner-city high schools had sprung up after the construction of Haines, and these offered better student-teacher ratios, which conscientious parents desired. The fourth reason for the weakening of Haines was its association with Ariel Place Homes. While the housing complex had provided, in the early years, an instant pool of athletes for Haines, it also ensured that the school was identified as a “project school,” a ghetto institution, which did not sit well with the teachers and preachers whose children attended Haines. Hence, those who could afford it sent their children to Catholic and other private schools not associated with a notorious neighborhood. By 1978, the loss of numbers was clearly evident, and that, coupled with the effects on its students of malnutrition, drug use, disruptive home lives and economic blight, took L. Carlton Haines out of the race for athletic greatness. It remained in this unfit state until 1984, when a running back named Jermaine DeSalle led his team to their first football championship, and their first championship of any kind, in seven years. Invigorated by DeSalle, the school’s administrators, coaches, and students—and the surrounding Ariel Place community—became excited again about the Jaguars. Haines did not disappoint. In 1985, DeSalle took the football team to the state championship, where they finished first, and in basketball, DeSalle and an outstanding rookie named Dominique Walker battled the reigning city champs, Armstead Jackson, and won.
With three new championships under its belt, Haines entered the 1986-87 season heady with confidence and basking in the praise it received in the pages of the Journal and Constitution and from the mouths of newscasters. That year, its football and boys’ basketball teams won the state titles, the boys’ track team won the city finals, and the girls’ basketball team defeated Beck in the semi-finals and Jackson in the finals to secure the city trophy. Haines girls’ coach Audrey Evans declared that for the following year, she would repeat her victory and secure the state championship, as well.
She did not bet on the vengeance of Grace Gresham-Nelson.
.
The births of Beck and Langston were carefully planned events conceived through a marriage of rich white men, middle-class black women, and the United Methodist Church. The Lawrence Benjamin Beck School for Coloured Girls was established in 1906 in Atlanta by Adams Beck, son of an antebellum Georgia planter and a man who had become wealthy during the Civil War by secretly investing in a Pittsburgh steel mill that supplied materials to the Union Army. After the war, 22-year-old Adams returned South and, much to his family’s chagrin, married a young mulatta from Charleston, South Carolina, Charlotte Hall Montague, whose family was of some means. Adams and Charlotte resided in Charleston and had three children, Adams Jr., Allison, and the baby Lawrence Benjamin. When the infant was accidentally run over by his family’s coachman and killed, Charlotte became so grief-stricken that Adams moved the family to the Beck homestead in Fulton County in 1871, where they remained for the rest of their lives. Despite his family’s disapproval of his wartime activities and marriage, Adams inherited a small portion of his father’s wealth, which included stock in the Georgia-Pacific Railroad. The couple used this money to open a school, which they named after their deceased son.
Adams Beck’s philanthropy wasn’t an entirely selfless act. While Adams Jr. and Allison, like their mother, assimilated into white culture, the Becks’ youngest daughter Anna married an African American man from a prominent black Atlanta family. Anna insisted on identifying as black and sent her daughter Amelia to public school with other blacks. Concerned by this, Adams Beck Sr. financed the building of a private school for the cultured class of black girls so that his seven-year-old granddaughter could matriculate in an environment he thought worthy of her breeding. Adams worked with two white missionaries of the United Methodist Church, Amelia Clarisse Shepherd and Sarah Jane Norton, to establish the school. He also enlisted the aid of black clubwomen, most notably Mary Shepherd Post and Clara Adams Lightley, who became part of the teaching staff at the school. The clubwomen inculcated in Beck students the responsibility to uplift their race by embracing Protestant morals, behaving as proper European ladies, and perfecting the art of domesticity.
Beck soon became the premiere day and boarding school not only for upper- and middle-class blacks in Atlanta but for those across the country. Three of Adams and Charlotte’s granddaughters were graduates of the school. Two, including Amelia, returned to teach after the first World War. Amelia’s daughter and granddaughter were Beck graduates and teachers; the daughter became the school’s first black female assistant principal, in 1978.
Throughout its history, Beck maintained a neutral stance in race relations. When the Civil Rights Movement began in the fifties, the school officially remained apart from the fray, knowing that its sponsor, the United Methodist Church, would not approve of such political involvement. But some Beck students defied the administration and entered the struggle, anyway. Beck similarly disdained the Black Power Movement of the sixties but did in 1965 remove the word “Coloured” from its name. In 1980, after a long student campaign, its full name was officially dropped (since Lawrence Benjamin Beck had been the white grandson of a slave owner) and it became, simply, Beck Academy.
Because reverence for Victorian notions of womanhood formed the foundation of the Beck philosophy, athletics were virtually non-existent at the school for the first fifteen years of its life. Cheerleading as Beckettes for their brother school was the only public form of athleticism Beck girls were encouraged to enjoy. In 1921, the school added an intramural tennis program and, soon thereafter, swimming and volleyball, but the girls still did not compete against other schools. That changed after World War II, when basketball, as well as track and field, completed the pentagon of sports at Beck. The girls were dubbed the Lionettes, and the school competed against other girls’ teams from black public schools in the Southeast. The field of Beck competitors increased when, in 1970, the fingers of desegregation loosened enough to allow black and white schools to compete against each other. Then, Beck found itself facing also white private, independent and parochial schools, but still it never achieved outstanding results in the world of athletics and, in fact, was often derided for having teams of girls who were too soft, too girly, too pampered to be taken seriously.
The Robert S. Langston Boys Academy was established in 1911 as a belated response to Beck. At the urging of Post and Lightley, the black clubwomen who insisted that the Negro race would never flourish if its young men did not also embrace Protestant work ethics and morality, the United Methodist Church established the school with the help of a Northern banking and railroad magnate after whom the school was named. Langston was constructed on property adjacent to Beck, but the schools remained separated by a high fence. Both enforced Methodist teachings, Victorian etiquette, and strict curfews, but the boys enjoyed more freedom than their female counterparts. Their curfew was an hour later than the girls’; they were not required to sign, upon matriculation, a morals clause promising to remain chaste until graduation; and they enjoyed a full athletic program from the start. Tennis, football, track and field, swimming and basketball were instituted immediately; golf and fencing were added later. From its formation in 1911 until 1970, Langston competed exclusively against black public schools—first, because it was illegal to do so against whites, and secondly, because, like Beck, Langston had no local private counterparts. Although never considered a powerhouse, Langston enjoyed modest athletic success, securing state championships in 1951, ’58, ’65 and ’75. However, it lay dormant, almost forgotten in the sports arena, until 1987, when its sister school surprised the world by suddenly emerging as an athletic lioness clothed in prowess and grace.
.
When Tracy Sullivan became a Beck student in the fall of 1990, its Lady Lions basketball team had defeated the Haines Lady Jaguars three times in the city championships and was the two-time national champ. Beck’s male counterpart was state champions two years running in football and basketball.
The people of Haines were filled with mixed emotions when it came to Grace Gresham.
They wanted to like her, because they loved her husband. Jazz Nelson ruled in Ariel Place Homes as much as Air Jordan and Magic Johnson. But despite their devotion to him, the fact remained that Jazz Nelson’s wife wasn’t for Haines—she was a general in the opposing army, and she was the main reason Beck-Langston had become such a thorn in the side of L. Carlton Haines. So despite their love for her husband, despite the fact that she had won the hearts of their parents when she earned gold for the U.S. in Montreal, despite the fact that male and female students admired her physical beauty—the Haines young people were not fond of Grace Gresham. Desired her, yes, and respected her, for sure, but they didn’t particularly like her. And they were helped along in this respect because to them, Jazz Nelson’s wife appeared to be every bit of the arrogant, privileged bourgeois bitch they loved to hate.
And so naturally they directed this dislike at her twelve followers.
Because they were not in the same school district, Atlanta Public School’s Haines High and the independent Beck Academy, which coordinated its athletics schedule with the Fulton County School System’s, met only three times a year—during the basketball Christmas tournament and at the city football and basketball championships. Depending on the season, the Haines fans would wait until a Lion scored a touchdown that especially hurt the Jaguars, or until a Lady Lion stood at the free-throw line about to sink a crucial point, and then they would cup their hands around their mouths and sing, “O-ree-oh! Oh-ooooh-Oh!” It was a bastardization of the chant sung by the fearful animal-like men who guarded the witch’s castle in the 1939 Hollywood movie The Wizard of Oz, and a few years ago some ingenious Haines fan had decided that an altered version of the lyrics would make a good threat at games played against the Oreos. So now, whenever it came down to the final moments in a Beck-Langston and Haines match, and it looked as if the Lions were going to win (which was always the case with the Grace Girls), the Oreo chant became fierce and accompanied by rhythmic foot-stomping on the bleachers. The stomping was an imitation of the drumbeats to which the witch’s guards marched, a batch of five quick stomps and one extra-hard stomp (boomp bah-boomp bah-boomp…BOOMP!), followed by six more quick stomps and another powerful one (boomah boom-boomp boom-boomp…BOOMP!)—a rhythm the audience might have found catching had it not carried an ominous meaning. The meaning was this: If Beck-Langston won both the boys’ and girls’ games, someone could pay when the event was over. Payment might come in the form of a fistfight between two fans, or the chucking of rocks at the departing academy buses. The Grace Girls had never been physically assaulted by the Jaguars, but they had increasingly become the objects of boos and verbal insults as they strode into and out of the Haines gym.
This meant that despite the fact that she had grown up with them and had, until then, been a part of them, the Haines fans were not fond of Tracy Sullivan—at least, not on the night of the season’s first Jags-Lions basketball battle. Because as far as they were concerned, Tracy had committed an unforgivable sin, and then had compounded it: She had left Haines to attend Beck and was now playing and winning for the Oreos. So on the third Saturday of December, ten days before Christmas, when the five starting Grace Girls broke from the huddle and headed back onto the playing floor, the Oreo chant started immediately. Immediately, and they were still only in the first half. And right away—her face warm and damp from embarrassment, her throat constricted by emotion—Tracy walked to the free-throw line and wanted to cry.
She knew they were chanting about her.
* * *
Copious sweat rolled down the sides of Tracy’s face, slipping between her lips and tasting of salt, dripping from her chin in tickling drops. Entering her eyes and stinging them. The sweat was the result of physical exertion and the heat in the old gym, heat that emanated not from the central heating system in the building, for it was faulty and the place drafty, but from the hot bodies of the hot-tempered people who crowded the stands and booed each time she scored a point. The people from Area Place. Her people. The Christmas tournament was held each year in the gymnasium of Armstead-Jackson High School because of its central location and because everyone thought that Haines was too hostile an environment, and the old Beck gymnasium too small, for the hotly contested battle. For the 1990 Christmas event, Grace Gresham-Nelson had petitioned to move the tournament to Beck’s new sports complex, but other coaches protested and, for once, she lost a battle with tradition.
So now, Tracy Sullivan found herself sweating at the free-throw line before a rowdy crowd, half of whom were not pleased by her presence. Tracy could not bear to look at them as she stood at the line and bent forward, hands resting above her knees in a gesture of weariness, a posture Miz Grace had warned the girls never to assume. But Tracy’s limbs and head were heavy, and it took much effort to stand erect. The weariness had penetrated her mind, leaving it strained and fragile, as if she had studied all day for a hefty vocabulary exam. Her head itself throbbed with pain that pressed outward against the skull. Throbbed, as it did when beaten repeatedly by Mama’s fists. Throbbed, as it did when she was eight and sat for hours in a locked closet, while from the other side of the door came the thick smells of burning cigarettes and reefer and the loud sound of country blues. Throbbed, and felt on the verge of exploding, as it had felt when Mama covered her mouth and nose and refused to let go. The combination of tender mind and pounding head rendered Tracy unable to concentrate on the basket before her. In fact, she had been unable to focus on anything all evening. Everything seemed a blur of frightful confusion. Colors flashed around her and the gym screamed with sound. Streaks of Haines orange, blobs of Beck burgundy, moved around her. The vibrations of hundreds of feet stomping on wooden bleachers made her belly tremble. She had repeatedly jumped at the nearby shrill blast of a referee’s whistle and responded absently to the signals he displayed with his hands. She missed baskets more often than not; her wrists felt like jelly. Determined faces, dripping with sweat, challenged her at every step.
And courtside, sitting on the first row of bleachers with the Haines crowd, was Jinya Daggett. Throughout the game, Tracy kept glancing at the tall mannish girl, and each time she did, Jinya stared intently back at her, a small smile on her lips. For most of the game, Jinya’s friend Berta, number 32 for the Jaguars, pushed her sweaty bulldog countenance close to Tracy’s face, a frightening reminder to Tracy of the warning Berta had given at the beginning of the game. Jinya gotta bet on this game and she say she gon’ git you if y’all win. She gotta gun, too.
Shouts of discouragement hurtled from the stands. And then there was the chant, which they sang whenever Tracy made a basket or went to the foul line. Like now.
“O-ree-oh! Oh-ooooh-oh!"
Boomp bah-boomp bah-boomp!
BOOM!
The referee stood under the basket, whistle between his lips, ball in hand, waiting for Tracy to indicate she was ready to receive the ball. She nodded once. When he bounced the ball to her, she caught it but hardly felt its textured skin against her palms. She dribbled. Was vaguely aware of the row of girls on either side of her, waiting, bent forward at the waists in readiness, arms stretched above their heads, faces turned in her direction, eyes darting back and forth between her and the basket.
And at the sidelines, Jinya Daggett watched with piercing interest.
Tracy bounced the ball again. The chant, the stomping of the bleachers, shot through to her bones. She bounced again.
“Miss it, miss ehhhhht!” sang the Haines cheerleaders, while Haines fans shouted insults.
Oreo!
Number Twenty-Four, you a sell-out!
Somebody trip that redbone!
Tracy glanced nervously toward the voices, even though Miz Grace had instructed them to act deaf to insults. But she couldn’t help looking, because the remarks hurt. She ran her palm over the ball, lifted it above her head, and shot.
It did not go in.
In fact, the ball didn’t reach the basket but fell back to earth in a weak arc, inches away from its target, hitting the floor with a thud before one of the waiting players captured it and threw it back to the referee. The Haines side of the gym exploded in jubilation, sending a knob of emotion to Tracy’s throat. She swallowed hard and pressed her lips together, fighting the urge to cry. She had another shot attempt, so she looked at the ref for the ball. However, instead of bouncing it to her, he blew his whistle and, with fingers together and straight, balanced the palm of one hand on the fingertips of the other. A few seconds passed before Tracy realized he was signaling a timeout. She followed her teammates off the floor to Miz Grace, who had called for the break.
As Tracy approached the bench, she searched the coach’s face for signs of disapproval or anger. There were none. In fact, Miz Grace did not even look at her but conducted herself the way she always did courtside: serious, distant, all-about-business. This was a different Miz Grace, Tracy observed, than the woman with whom she had spent the day at Gracewood; it was The Coach, and for some reason her presence was a relief to Tracy at that moment. The benchwarmers yielded their places on the bench to the starters, and Tracy sat with the four seniors. Team helper Monica snatched a chair from courtside and placed it before the bench, and in this Miz Grace sat and faced the starters, leaning toward them in earnest. The rest of the team gathered around her chair, sitting or squatting. Tracy searched, but there was still no readable emotion in the coach’s eyes.
The other players knew why Miz Grace had called the timeout. Tracy Sullivan, after an impressive month of play, was performing horribly tonight. So far in the first half, she had managed to score only seven points, all in the opening minutes, shooting thirty percent from the field. She had also derailed three team plays; failed to see an open player under the basket who could have scored an easy lay-up; and hesitated on two fast breaks, costing the team at least four points. And now, the missed free throw. With the score at 13-30, the seniors had known Miz Grace would interrupt play, if only to prevent further humiliation. Now, as they huddled, the veterans watched the woman closely. They knew that even though Miz Grace never shouted at a player in anger, she was not above directing a sharply spoken reprimand at even a well-liked player, especially one whose performance was jeopardizing a game. So the veterans were surprised when their coach said nothing to Tracy Sullivan but proceeded to speak to all of them as she always did.
“Alright.” Grace made a calming gesture with her hands. “We’re not looking good right now but don’t worry about that, we still have time to make this happen. Just go back out there and relax. Ignore the crowd. Do what I taught you to do. You are the same athletes who beat one of the best college teams in the country just a few weeks ago. So don’t fall apart now. These girls have nothing on you. Just a bunch of loud fans and bad attitudes, but don’t let them get to you. Don’t—let—them get—to you. You’re not playing for them, you’re playing for me. Okay?” She looked around at all of them and nodded. “Understood?”
They mimicked her nods with their own and murmured, “Yes, ma’am.”
“Now, if Sullivan misses this second shot, Pat, Toni, I expect you to crash that board and crash it hard. Alright? Stop giving away our rebounds.”
The two forwards nodded obediently. “Yes, ma’am,” they mumbled.
The four seniors shot quick glances at Tracy when they knew she wasn’t looking. They believed that her off night was the result of her being too inexperienced, after all, to handle the pressure of competition. Added to that, they knew she was nervous about playing in her home territory before a crowd that considered her a traitor. And although they sympathized with her, they did not speak to her, for they were put off by the slight redness of her eyes. They were not sure if it was caused by the sweat from Tracy’s brow or by the stress of physical exertion—or whether it was the result of a desire in her to burst into tears. Because they weren’t sure, they refrained from saying anything that might turn the redness into a flow of tears.
Grace stood, so the twelve stood and huddled in a circle. The woman stretched out her hand, palm down, into the midst of the players, and they immediately responded by laying their hands on hers. It was an unspoken contest among them, especially among the benchwarmers, to see who could move the fastest and get the opportunity to touch the pretty hand of the aloof woman. This time, the honor went to Vanessa Willis, who received envious glances from her benchmates, who knew that participation in the touch-Miz Grace’s-hand game would likely be their only opportunity to effect strategy that evening.
With their hands in a stack, Grace delivered a sweeping gaze around the circle of bodies and locked gazes, in the end, with Dent. “Let’s do it,” she urged, looking at the captain but speaking, they knew, to all of them.
“Lady Ly-ons! What we want!” cried Captain Dent, to which everyone shouted in unison, “Our best! To fight! To win!”
The blow of a ref’s whistle signaled the end of time-out just as the Lady Lions broke huddle. Girls from the two teams scattered over the floor, with its black-and-red Devil mascot painted at center court. The Grace Girls wore their handsome burgundy uniforms. Set against the dark color, in velvet tan trim, was the name BECK ACADEMY on the jersey’s front and the player’s number and last name on the back. In contrast, the uniforms of the Haines players were golden-yellow with black trim. Stitched on the front and back of each jersey was the player’s number in black rayon. There was no surname, and above the number in back were simply the initials LCH.
Tracy headed for the free-throw line and realized she was more relaxed than she had been a moment ago. The timeout had helped because as the group broke huddle, as the pile of hands disassembled, Tracy felt fingers grasp and firmly, though gently, hold onto her wrist for an instant. She looked. The reassuring eyes boring into hers were those of Grace, not of Miz Grace, and just as quickly as they exchanged glances was as quickly as Tracy saw Grace retreat, to be replaced, before anyone noticed her presence, by The Coach. Tracy came away from the huddle with a sense of relief. Miz Grace had not appeared angry or disappointed, as Tracy had feared, but was a good friend and patient coach who deserved to win this game, so Tracy returned to the foul line with the determination to make that happen. Gold and black alternated with burgundy and tan along both sides of the free-throw lane, while three players lingered around center court, ready to catch a thrown rebound. The crowd had quieted down during the time-out, but now it started again with the Oreo chant, only without the stomping. Tracy heard the singing threat, was well aware of her surroundings and her purpose for being on the floor, and when the ref blew his whistle and bounced the ball to her, she gripped it, bounced once, looked at the basket, pulled the ball over her head, and launched it.
It bounced twice against the inner ring before tumbling through the net.
There were no boo’s from the Haines crowd this time, for despite Tracy’s one free point, there were only 17 seconds left in the half and their team was up by eight possessions. So rather than continue to taunt the Lady Lions, the Haines fans burst into cheers and stomped their feet in a maniacal frenzy as the clock wound down. The Lady Jaguars put a freeze on the ball, passing it between them and keeping it out of the hands of the Grace Girls. Shouts of encouragement flew from the crowd until the glaring red 10 appeared on the scoreboard.
“Ten! Nine! Eight!” shouted the Haines fans, announcing the countdown jubilantly. “Seven! Six! Five!…”
With two seconds left, the Jaguar captain hurled the ball from the top of the key. It sailed through the air toward the basket but missed as the buzzer sounded to end the half. At the miss, the home crowd moaned in disappointment and Tracy looked up at the score. Because of her, the Grace Girls were behind by an embarrassing sixteen points.
Twelve sullen ball players, one grim assistant coach, and two reluctant team helpers followed Grace Gresham-Nelson off the floor. The Haines side of the gym was an explosion of cheerful black-and-gold excitement.
* * *
Grace did not speak as she led the way to the locker room. The fifteen females who followed her were also quiet. None had ever been in a losing situation with Miz Grace, and so none knew how to interpret her silence. The team entered the visitors’ room, a small and chilly box with cinderblock walls slathered with thick paint the color of pea soup. A radiator of the same color sat in a corner. It exuded no heat but was cold and silent. Against a wall, a lone bench was bolted to the linoleum floor. There was nothing else in the room. Grace walked to the bench and stood before it, arms folded, as the rest walked in. The starters quickly occupied positions around the room. Sandra Butler rocked from side to side restlessly, manicured hand on hip, curious eyes on Grace. Toni Christian held her arms close to her body and blew on her slender fingers to warm them. Pat Butler looked at no one in particular but seemed to be generally pissed off. Against one wall, Evelyn Dent slid tiredly to the cold floor and crouched like a tired grasshopper, an unflattering portrait of black knees and clothed crotch and soft thighs. Against another wall, Tracy Sullivan stood with her back and hips pressed against the cold bricks, hands wedged between her buttocks and the wall, head bowed. If anyone had seen her eyes, they would have realized she was trying hard not to cry.
The last one to enter the room was the assistant coach, Tabitha Ling, who gently closed the door. There was silence. All eyes—even Tracy’s, briefly—looked at Grace. Although they were fearful, the girls did not fail to note the woman’s appearance. They knew that for games, Miz Grace always dressed in an especially stylish manner, exceeding even her usual impressive adornment. Especially, it seemed to the vets, did she showcase for games against Haines. Some imagined she did it because she knew a large crowd turned out for the rivalry and so more eyes would be watching her; others thought vanity had little to do with it—that the extra grooming was Miz Grace’s way of reflecting how important a Beck-Haines win was to her. At any rate, the girls absorbed her appearance now and felt proud. Haines Coach Audrey Evans was herself a stylish dresser but paled in comparison to Miz Grace. While Evans wore, for the occasion, black spandex jeans and black turtleneck under a butterscotch blazer, with a gold herringbone necklace and tan dress boots, Grace sported a tailored, richly seamed, charcoal-gray pantsuit that included a draped, straight-cut, knee-length jacket and tucked burgundy blouse, a deeply rich burgundy shirtwaist with ruffled collar. Her heeled soft-leather boots perfectly matched the charcoal of her suit, while the soft-leather gloves on her hands matched the burgundy of her blouse. Because she stood with arms folded at this moment, the girls could see, beneath the cuff of one wrist, the silvery glint of the woman’s platinum Cartier watch—they had heard it cost thousands. Similarly, through the locks of brown-and-bronze soft tresses of her hair, they spotted the platinum teardrop earrings in her lobes. She looked, they thought, like the spoiled wife or daughter of a horse-owning rich man, not like a woman who worked for a living, but the look in her eyes reminded them that she was, indeed, a worker, a leader, their leader, for hers was a serious stare, one that sparked with intensity, and so they fearfully expected a rain of denunciation to fall upon their heads. They were therefore surprised when the voice that came forth from the woman was stern but calm.
“Dent…Pat…Toni…Sandra.” The woman pinned each player with a stare at the mention of the girl’s name. “Do I need to send you home?”
From three of the starters, brows lifted in polite surprise, but Pat Butler’s look was incredulous and openly displeased.
Grace frowned. “You got a problem, Butler?”
“It’s five of us on the floor, Miz Grace,” the co-captain pointed out.
“Exactly!” Grace declared, and now the voice carried anger. “So why are the four of you”—she jabbed a finger in their direction—“letting one of you”—the same finger at Tracy—“determine how you play?”
The starters, even Pat, looked guilt-stricken and contrite.
“What? Tracy’s having an off night and so that means suddenly you don’t remember anything I’ve taught you the past two years? You’re my seniors, she isn’t! You’re the ones with the experience! You’re the powerful ones of this team—the leaders! Tracy’s a rookie! Talented, yes! But something’s going on with her tonight and I’ll deal with that in a moment, Pat, but right now, you four”—quickly hit with a new thought, she pinned a quick look on the shortest girl in the room—“and Carver go back out there and do what I trained all of you to do! You got that?”
“Yes, ma’am!” they answered in unison.
Grace singled out her captains for confirmation.
“Dent?”
“Yeh ma’am,” assured Dent.
“Pat?”
“Ah’ight,” promised Pat, nodding. “I’m ready.”
“Good,” responded Grace.
Assistant Coach Tabitha timidly indicated the wipe-away board in her hands, the one Grace used to diagram plays during half-time. “Um, Grace? Are you going to need this?”
“Not this time,” Grace answered curtly and then softened enough to add, “But thank you, Tab.” She hardened again and to the players ordered, “Now get a drink from Ronnie and Monica, take a quick restroom break, and then line up in the hall. When everybody’s there, Dent, lead them out in drill formation. You starters do one revolution with the rest of the team, and then get your heads together. The rest of you, shoot out until I emerge. Not you, Sullivan. Keep your ass in here—I wanna talk to you. Let’s do this quickly, quietly, and gracefully, people.”
Grace stepped to the side as Ronnie and Monica placed the beverage cooler on the bench. The team members immediately crowded around the helpers, who began dispensing lime Gatorade into small paper cups. In moments, all twelve players had swigged their portion of the restorative drink and handed their cups to Ronnie. Eleven of the players, along with the helpers and assistant coach, exited the room. The last to leave was Tabitha, who gently closed the door behind her.
There was quiet in the visitors’ room.
Grace looked at Tracy, who had not moved from her place against the wall. The teen glanced shyly at the woman. Grace sat on the bench and patted the spot beside her. “Come here,” she ordered softly.
The girl obeyed and sat down beside her coach. The woman regarded the girl with tenderness before reaching out and drawing the teen into her arms.
Tracy hesitated with uncertainty; Miz Grace rarely initiated an embrace, especially one that held the girl at length, and for a moment Tracy wanted to pull away from the unfamiliar gesture. All night long she had been a dam on the verge of breaking, but she had not had opportunity to give in to the watery pressure. Now, pressed against the bosom of the woman she most admired in the world, the beautiful person who had turned Tracy’s life into a glamorous dreamscape, Tracy lost her battle with restraint. The watery pressure pushed out against the muscles in her temples and in her throat, and she knew it was coming, she couldn’t stop it, and so she let the water flow, her body shaking with the effluence. The sobbing lasted briefly, and soon the teen was wiping her eyes with the heels of her palms and sniffling, her torso spastic from the aftereffects of the outpouring. Grace released her. Tracy’s hands rested in her own lap. The tip of her nose was red and vestiges of tears glistened in her pretty brown eyes.
“It’s never easy to play against your home crowd,” Grace said, still speaking softly.
Tracy sniffled and nodded but kept her eyes downcast.
“You think they think you’re a traitor, but deep down they know better.” The coach’s voice was stronger now, with a hint of passion. “They know why you’re here, and they know it has nothing to do with a dislike for Haines. They’re only acting that way because it’s the role they’re supposed to play. It’s part of the fun of being at a game. The opposing team pretends to hate the best player on the other team. That just happens to be you. Take it as a compliment,” the woman said, smiling gently.
Tracy nodded and tried to smile in return, but the smile was weak and her head remained bowed. “But I’m making us lose.”
“Didn’t you hear what I just told the others? When we win, Sullivan, it’s a team effort. And when we’re behind, same thing. I’ve got five players on that floor, not just you. I don’t expect you to carry it by yourself. That’s not your job. Okay?” Grace prompted.
“Okay,” the girl said softly, eyes still lowered
“And so are you ready to go back out there? With your brain and everything else you need?”
The girl smiled at the humor and said, “Yes, ma’am,” but she spoke glumly.
“That doesn’t sound very convincing,” the woman observed.
“I’m okay,” the girl said softly.
The coach was not fooled. “What is it?” she asked gently.
The girl shook her head “no” and said, “Nothing.”
“Sure, there is,” the woman said. “Something else is in your head tonight. What is it?”
The girl looked away in anguish, sighed once, gathered resolve, and glanced resignedly at her coach.
“There’s this girl…watching the game. Jinya Daggett. She friends with the girl who keep saying stuff to me on the floor.”
“Number Thirty-Two.”
Tracy nodded. “She said Jinya say she gonna get me after the game.”
“Why?”
“’Cause I lied on her and Number Thirty-Two”—Tracy sniffled—“and their friend. Told my aunt they beat me up that time when I missed tryouts.”
“They didn’t beat you?”
Tracy shook her head.
Grace stiffened. “Who did?”
Tracy looked compliant but was unable, for a moment, to answer.
“Tracy. Who beat you?”
The girl sighed. “My mama.”
Grace absorbed the news silently before speaking again.
“Why?”
“She always do that,” the girl replied. She hesitated before adding softly, “She been doing it all my life.”
Again, Grace was quiet, but the heat of anger brushed her skin.
“Does your aunt know?”
“Nope. My mama say she’ll kill Aun’ Madge if I tell her.”
“Don’t believe that,” the coach said. “People who hurt children always make threats, but they don’t mean them. It’s just a way to keep you quiet. They know that if they control your tongue, they control your life. But the fact that you just told me, Tracy, means you are no longer under your mother’s control. And she won’t be able to put her hands on you again.”
The teen bowed her head, doubtful. “You don’t know my mama, Miz Grace.”
The woman reached over and with a gloved hand gently lifted Tracy’s chin, forcing their eyes to meet. “I know me. And I will see to it that she never hurts you again. You understand?”
Tracy realized it was not only her coach speaking now but also her loving new friend Grace, and so the teen was assuaged and smiled. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Don’t think about it tonight. Okay? I’ll handle it on Monday.”
The girl nodded. “Yes, ma’am.” Doubt returned. “But—that girl. Number thirty-two? She say Jinya brought a gun tonight.”
“Then I’ll deal with that,” the administrator assured.
Tracy looked worried. “But she’s crazier than Mama. She just got out of prison.”
“Why was she in?” Grace asked.
Tracy grew thoughtful and did not hurry to begin speaking. When she did finally respond, her voice took on the soft, astonished tone of one relating a nightmare for the first time. “When I was in fifth grade…Jinya was in the seventh, but I think she was supposed to be in the eighth or ninth, or something. Anyway, she was always hanging in the halls...and this teacher didn’t like her. Miz Daniels. Nobody liked her, either, ’cause she was ugly and cursed all the time, and didn’t like kids. One day she called Jinya a dummy ’cause Jinya was always disrupting everybody’s class and getting kept back. Jinya called her a black ugly monkey and Miz Daniels called this man teacher and he brought Jinya in there and whupped her in front of our class. She said she was gonna come back and kill ’em.” Tracy hesitated, remembering. “The next day, everybody was coming in class and Jinya came to the door and said, ‘Black monkey bitch!’ and shot Miz Daniels in the eye. Right in front of us! Everybody started screaming and running out and…. I couldn’t run. I was so scared I couldn’t get up. I just sat there. Miz Daniels was on the floor. Her face was in the blood, and it was spreading all over the floor. And you could see...pieces of her brain.” Tracy hesitated. “Jinya was in a corner, talking to herself and walking up and down and saying, ‘Told that bitch to leave me alone! Told her!’—something like that. When the police came she just went crazy. Started screaming at me—well, not at me, but kept saying something like, ‘Didn’t she make me do it, Tracy? Tell ’em she made me do it!’ Like she had lost her mind. And I was so scared I couldn’t say nothing. I just…. First they said she went to the crazy hospital, but then somebody said they put her in YDC. But then she just got out of prison this summer, so I really don’t know where she been. I just know she used to beat me up before that. Her and Number Thirty-Two and this other girl.”
Tracy exhaled deeply and stopped speaking.
Grace placed a consoling hand on the girl’s shoulder. “Oh, Tracy,” she said softly. “I’m sorry that happened to you.”
Tracy accepted the words with a nod.
“Poor baby,” Grace added. “No wonder you repeated the fifth grade,” she pondered. “And that’s why there is such a dramatic change in your transcript after grades one through four.”
Startled, the girl stared at the woman and soon her eyes filled.
“What, honey?” Grace asked with concern when she saw the fresh tears.
“My mama always said it was ’cause I was a dummy,” Tracy explained hoarsely, the admission crumbling into weeping.
“Oh, no,” Grace consoled and drew the girl to bosom. “You’re no dummy. You were traumatized. It’s a wonder you were able to continue with school at all.” Grace held the embrace for a few seconds more and then released the girl. “Did the school get you and your classmates counseling for that?”
“Nope,” the girl answered solemnly and then, mildly amused by the woman’s ignorance, added, “They don’t do things like that in the ghetto, Miz Grace.”
“But that’s a horrible thing for an adult to see, much less a child.” Grace placed her hands on Tracy’s shoulders and looked intently at the girl. “Tracy, you suffered mental abuse when you saw that shooting—that, on top of the abuse you were already receiving at home. But you kept going, baby! You didn’t drop out, and you should be proud of yourself for that. A dummy could not have done that. You hear me?”
Tracy nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
Grace released the girl’s shoulders. The woman’s words bolstered the teen, causing a gentle upheaval in her self-perception. She grew peaceful and for a moment they were silent.
“Where is this girl sitting out there? The bully?”
“First row, on the Haines side. Got on Army boots.”
“Fair-skinned girl? Very boyish?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I’ll have campus police check her out.”
Tracy nodded but was troubled. “Are you gonna say something to her? ’Cause I wouldn’t want her to shoot you.”
“Don’t worry about that,” the coach advised. “You just get your head back in the game.”
Tracy nodded. “Yes, ma’am,” she promised.
They embraced deeply and then stood. Grace, struck with an idea, turned to her star player and leveled a burning stare at the youth. “Tracy, how do you feel that they put us in this room?”
The girl, puzzled by the question, shrugged a shoulder. “I dunno.”
“As returning champions of this tournament, we were supposed to have the heated locker room. It’s thirty-five degrees outside. Instead, tournament officials put us in here. Deliberately.”
“Why?”
“Because they think we deserve discomfort. Because we have a nice school. How do you feel about that?”
“I don’t like that.”
“You shouldn’t! It should make you angry, because they’re saying that just because we’re Beck, just because your parents—and your aunt—pay for you to attend school, we don’t deserve to be treated with the respect they have given every other school in this tournament. That even though we work harder, train harder, than anybody else in this league, we still don’t deserve to be treated with the courtesy they give everyone else. And we’re champions! Now, I’m insulted by that. And angry! What about you?”
The girl’s expression darkened with displeasure. “Me, too.”
“Then go out there and show them how angry rich girls play ball, because that’s what you are now, Tracy, an angry rich Beck girl, you hear me? You’re not Haines anymore, and Haines is showing you that. You’re Beck now, because that’s how they’re treating you, so give them what they want! Okay?”
“Yes, ma’am!”
“You know, at moments like this, I burn with the desire to get on the court myself. I wish I could. To get revenge for the disrespect!”
Grace saw it: Indignation finally sparked behind the girl’s eyes. The teen looked the woman in the eye and declared, “I’ll do it for you, Miz Grace.”
Grace smiled slightly, subtly; the manipulative speech had worked. “That’s my girl,” she said, briefly and tenderly cupping Tracy’s cheek. They exchanged warm smiles and then together walked out of the small cold visitors’ room.


Chapter Forty-Eight
LOVE AND ENMITY
The morning sun streamed through the plant-lined bay window of the breakfast nook of Gracewood Mansion. Softly playing on the house’s sound system were the tearful strings of an orchestra and the soothing textured voice of Sarah Vaughan. At the breakfast table, Grace, wrapped in a robe, sipped green tea and read the Sunday sports section of the Journal-Constitution. As the tea warmed her bosom, the words she was reading warmed her soul, while Vaughan’s sublime exhalation of notes warmed her spirit. It was the best she had felt in years. Momentarily, Sarah’s song began sliding toward its finish and the kitchen’s panel door swung inward. Tracy’s head and shoulders protruded searchingly into the room. Grace looked up, saw her teen houseguest, and smiled. “Come in,” she invited warmly.
Tracy, wearing new silk pajamas Grace had given her the night before, walked over to the table and slipped into the chair across from the woman.
“Good morning!” the woman said cheerily.
“Morning.”
“It’s ten o’clock. You must have been tired.”
“Yeah.”
“You deserve to be. And I hope you’re hungry. I made you a breakfast fit for a champion.”
The teen smiled, blushed. “Not me.”
“Yes, you,” the woman insisted, and she slid the newspaper across the table and toward the girl. “Don’t take my word for it. Read,” she said, pointing at an article on the page that was spread open.
The teen leaned over the paper and read silently. The woman raised the teacup to her mouth and sipped, watching from over the rim, anticipating Tracy’s reaction to the article. For a moment, nothing broke the silence in the room except soft piano notes, followed by Vaughan’s mournful and unhurried contralto—the intro to a sad and slow rendering of “My Favorite Things,” a song Rodgers and Hammerstein had intended to be sung happily. Tracy glanced up, lips set in an oh of surprise. Over the rim of her cup, the woman’s expression said I told you so. The girl, speechless with disbelief, bowed her head again over the paper to read the rest of the article. The woman sipped tea and again waited, as Sarah’s melancholy enumeration filled the air in the room. Another moment passed and the teen looked up from the paper, at the woman across from her, and the disbelief gave way to wonder and a blushing smile.
“Who wrote that?” she asked. “That white man?”
“Yes.”
“I didn’t know he was gonna write that much about me.”
Grace smiled. “He’s been watching you all season. I don’t always agree with everything he writes but this time I do because he predicts what I knew the first time I saw you play: that you are going to have a future in basketball. And I,” she added tenderly, “want to be along for the ride.”
.
Virginia Daggett felt a pinch of panic in her belly when she saw the male police officers, Jazz Nelson’s wife, and the Haines girls’ coach look in her direction. Surely, they weren’t looking at her—she hadn’t done anything. But they had to be, because they stood at the Haines bench with Berta and had stared briefly in her direction. But why? Virginia tensed. After years of institutionalization, she harbored both a hatred for and terror of anyone who had authority to deprive her of freedom and mistreat her at will. Uniforms. Because for too long, Uniforms—stupid, arrogant, power-drunk, ignorant-mothafucka Uniforms—had held the keys that controlled her life, that dictated when and what she would eat, when she could smoke, if she could fuck, when she could piss, in front of whom she would shit, when she could speak, when she should sleep and, in the end, what she would dream. Goddamn Uniforms. And now, two of them, and the two female coaches and Berta, were huddled together at the Haines bench, talking about her. Or were they? Virginia looked around quickly, beyond her left shoulder, because perhaps they were discussing someone else nearby, but she could discern nothing amiss about the people who sat around her on the bleachers—they were the usual exuberant crowd that took in the Haines games.
Virginia decided to ignore the Uniforms. She rested her eyes again on the Haines cheerleaders who flounced and shouted before her. Fastened her eyes on their moving black-and-gold skirts, their brown thighs—some, sinewy; some, plump—and on their careening hips and bouncing breasts. Up till now, she had enjoyed the halftime show, enjoyed it more than she had the ball game, because she liked to watch good ball and the girls’ game had been a great disappointment, largely because Tracy had choked and failed to deliver. So, seeking satisfaction, Jinya had looked forward to half-time, and when the show began earlier, she reclined on the bleachers, legs spread apart, elbows and back resting against the row behind her, eagerly watching the first group of girls, the Beck cheerleaders, who wore burgundy-and-tan skirts and snug burgundy blouses. With their clear brown skins and dainty gestures, they had been fun to watch, but their cheer had been too goddamn long. And boring. (Shouts) Butler! Butler! Carver! Christian! Dent! Head! Lowry! McGavin! Prentiss! Sullivan! Thomas! Williiiiiis! (stomp-stomp-stomp-stomp-stomp) (Singing, with hand clapping and foot stomping) These are…the Lady Ly-ons…and they roo-ule…things at Beh-eck. They are baa-ad…and we’re glaa-ad…that they’re for us…and not against us. She had hoped that was the end of it, but—no! The Oreos had to write a symphony when they should have just gotten to the point. Coach Gray-ace…sets the pay-ace…She’s invincible…not reprehensible. She’s not lac-king…always bac-king…up her tee-eam. You know what I…mee-ean. They repeated the players’ last names and the five stomps. Again, Virginia had thought the cheer was ending at that point, but the Beck bitches obviously believed other people were as impressed with them as they were with themselves, because they proceeded to shout out the spelling of each player’s surname and sing a tribute to her before moving on to the next name.
Jinya had smiled cynically when they sang the last words of Tracy’s tribute, for they had described her as shy and so at least they had her personality right. They had finally brought the cheer to an end by stomping five times and then freezing in a dramatic pose. Virginia had clapped lackadaisically—the Oreo cheerleaders, for their cheering style, might as well have been white girls; but still they touched a place deep within Virginia, for they were female, and Virginia’s mouth watered at the idea of taking the head cheerleader, the sexy dark one, the only deeply dark one on the squad, and seeing if the juice of berry blackness was as sweet as the proverb promised it would be.
Later, when the sassy cheerleaders of L. Carlton Haines walked onto the floor to begin their half-time program, Jinya’s fantasies of curiosity turned into familiar lust. These were girls she knew, girls with attitudes so hard they made you believe, before you had one, that their sweaty, funky pussies harbored gold. When they strode onto the floor, the sight of them had been enough to fill Jinya with a deep carefree feeling she rarely experienced without the help of weed. But now she worried. And glanced nervously askance. Yes, the cops and Jazz Nelson’s wife and the Haines coach were about to head for her, she was sure of it. Still, Jinya trained her eyes on the Haines cheerleaders, who were just beginning their second cheer.
(Shouting in unison) H-A-I! N-E-S!
THAT’S WHO WE ARE—WE THE BEST!
WE GON’ TEACH YOU HOW TO PLAY!
WE GON’ KICK SOME BUTT TODAY!
(Singing with foot-stomping) HAINES! That’s who we are!
HAINES! We take it far!
HAINES! We know we bad!
Beat up on you and leave you sad!
On the final word, the Jaguar cheerleaders, in one fluid motion, rolled their hips and popped them in the direction of the Beck side of the gym, patted their behinds once with a hand, and flicked the same hand toward their opponents in a gesture of dismissal. Virginia smiled. Ghetto girls. That’s what she was talking about. But then Virginia’s smile vanished and her heart pounded.
The Uniforms and the coaches had stopped and now surrounded her.
.
A bass guitar had joined Sarah Vaughan and the soft lone piano. Grace rested the cup of tea on its saucer and smiled at the girl. “I am so proud of you,” she said earnestly. “Few players could have turned that game around the way you did last night.”
“Thanks. But everybody helped.”
“They did. They all came to life. But it was because you did.” Grace hesitated before admitting, “I could accept a loss if my team played well. But if we had gone down in flames, the way it looked before the half, that would have been unbearable. Especially to Haines.” She picked up the cup again, gazing thoughtfully, envisioning such a debacle, and made a soft sound in her throat.
On the other side of the table, Tracy squirmed as she struggled with a thought. “Why don’t you like Haines?” she finally asked.
Grace was surprised by the question and pondered a response. “I don’t dislike Haines,” she finally answered honestly. “Haines dislikes me.”
.
Virginia set her lips grimly and cut her eyes up at the Uniforms. Both stood before her, thick muscular legs spread apart slightly, hands on their holsters. “Hiya doin’?” one of them said. She simply stared at him. Inside, her heart thumped hard and she could feel her eyes getting moist, so she blinked furiously to keep back tears. No way was she going to let the mothafuckas make her cry. They would think she was crying out of fear, which wouldn’t be the case. No, she became tearful when she lost her temper. Virginia glanced quickly at the two women who stood on either side of the cops, the Haines coach, a sexy dark-skinned sister who peered at Virginia with a concerned, questioning, almost sympathetic expression, and Jazz Nelson’s bitch wife, pushing attitude and dressed in gray and, with her pretty face and nice bowed legs and fine-ass body, looking good enough to fuck. Virginia licked her lips, which had become suddenly dry. No, she wasn’t going to cry, not in front of the ladies, and have them think she was a punk. She stared at the Uniforms with an expression that clearly asked, What the fuck do you want?
“You Virginia Daggett?” one of them asked.
“Yeah.”
“Can you step outside with us, please?”
“For what?” she demanded.
“We just wanna ask you some questions.”
Virginia’s heart pounded furiously but she knew the procedure, she knew her rights. “What, you arresting me?” she challenged.
“No.”
“Then ask me right here,” she insisted.
“We don’t wanna ask you here. We’d rather do it outside.”
“Look, man, I ain’t going nowhere until I know what for!” Jinya was scared now—terrified. She was on parole and couldn’t afford any trouble. She also couldn’t imagine what the cops would want with her—she hadn’t done anything.
“Alright,” agreed one of them. “We hear you gotta gun on you. We just want to make sure that’s not the case.”
Jinya screwed up the features of her face in incredulity. “What! A gun? Man, who the hell told you that?”
“Do you have a gun on you?”
“No!”
“It’s against the law to possess a weapon on school property.”
“Man, I know that, I ain’t crazy! Who told you I gotta gun?”
“Your friend over there.”
“Who? Berta? Man, she lying, I ain’t got no gun! I’m already on paper—I ain’t trying to go back!”
The Uniforms looked at her without expression.
“What, you wanna search me now?” she challenged angrily, standing and holding her arms at shoulder level.
The Uniforms secured their hands on their holsters. Jinya saw this and became even more incensed.
“Oh, what, you gonna shoot me now? I told you I ain’t carrying!”
“We can’t search you. But we can take you outside and pat you down.”
“Man, for what? I told you I ain’t carrying nothing! Berta!” she yelled harshly. “Bring yo ass over here! Lying on me and shit.”
The Uniforms and coaches turned to look at Roberta Martin, who stood across the floor near the Haines bench. She had been watching the group already and had expected to be called. Now, she approached timidly, her thick thighs rubbing together with each step, the number thirty-two on the front of her jersey straining outward from her fat breasts, a grave and hesitant expression on her pug-nosed face.
“You told them I’m carrying a piece?” Virginia demanded when Berta reached the group.
“Tell her what you told us,” a Uniform said.
Berta did not look Virginia in the eye as she spoke. “No. They came up to me, telling me what Tracy said I said.”
“That’s right. You told one of my players that this girl had a gun and threatened to get my player after the game,” reminded Jazz Nelson’s wife.
Berta looked anguished. “Yeah,” she confirmed.
“I ain’t say no shit like that!” declared Virginia angrily.
“Hey,” a Uniform reprimanded, “enough of that language, alright?”
“Why you tell them that, Berta?”
“’Cause, Jinya, you did say you was gon’ git Tracy,” Berta protested fearfully. “The other day.”
“Yeah, but I ain’t mean it, I was just playing. And I ain’t got no gun on me!” she told the cops. “I ain’t stupid!”
The Uniforms and coaches turned their accusatory looks to Berta. “Why’d you tell us that?” one of the Uniforms asked Berta.
Berta’s eyes were downcast and she mumbled as she spoke. “Tracy was sayin’ stuff to me on the floor, tryna mess with me, so I just said something back, tryna mess with her. That’s what we do. Say stuff to mess with each other head.”
“Well, first of all, you don’t lie to the police, you understand? We could arrest you for that.”
Berta looked penitent and nodded obediently. She glanced up at her angry friend and mumbled, “Jinya, I told ’em you ain’t have no gun, that I just said that, but they ain’t believe me.”
Virginia cut her eyes at Berta and said nothing. Hurt was too thick in her throat to let her speak.
“Well. Doesn’t seem to be anything but talk gone too far. But y’all need to be careful about what you say. You can’t go around making threats, especially in a setting where you’ve got juveniles, because we take threats like that dead serious. We have to, because we never know when somebody’s serious and when they’re not, and if somebody ends up getting hurt, we’re to blame for that. You understand?”
“Yes,” mumbled Berta meekly.
The Uniform who had spoken looked at Virginia for a response. She glared at him but said nothing.
“We’ll be watching you after the game, though,” he added.
The other Uniform looked at Miz Evans. “Alright?”
The dark coach nodded. “Yes,” she said.
He looked at Jazz Nelson’s wife. “You okay with that, Miz Nelson?”
“No” came the reply.
Virginia looked with incredulity at the pretty bitch.
“I need to make sure my player feels safe, and I think that as long as she is here, Tracy will continue to feel threatened.”
“Threatened?” repeated Virginia. “The hell—?” she began, as if she couldn’t believe what she had heard.
The Uniforms hung their heads briefly, uncomfortable with the task of denying a request of Amazing Grace Gresham and Jazz Nelson’s wife. “Um,” one said, “we—can’t just make her leave, Mrs. Nelson…”
“Damn right!” interrupted Virginia. “I gotta right to be in here just like everybody else!”
“…unless we can prove she’s a danger, or that she’s threatened somebody—”
“She did threaten my player. They just admitted that Miss Daggett said she would get Tracy after the game. And I’m not so sure she doesn’t have a gun. She has a history of violence. She and this girl used to bully my player when they were younger. And she was just released from prison.”
The Uniforms, both at once, swung their heads and looked at Virginia Daggett. Virginia glared at the woman in gray, her face screaming with heat, her eyes blurring with tears. The pretty woman returned the stare and did not flinch.
“What were you in for?” a Uniform asked.
Virginia hesitated, lowered her eyes, hot with anger. “’Sault,” she mumbled.
“What’d you get?”
“Ten years.”
The Uniforms frowned, confused. “Ten years? How many did you serve?”
“All of it.”
“How old are you?”
“Twen’ two,” Jinya mumbled.
The Uniforms, both at once, lifted their brows with sudden deep curiosity. “What’d you do?” one inquired.
Virginia hesitated, frowning, eyes still downcast, skin still hot, but this time the hot was from embarrassment. “’Saulted a teacher.”
“What—in elementary school?” one of the Uniforms asked.
“Yeh.”
“What’d you do?” one repeated in disbelief.
“Shot ’er,” Virginia mumbled.
The Uniforms, both at once, looked at Virginia Daggett as if they had just encountered a violent, unstable suspect.
One of the Uniforms stiffened with remembrance. “A teacher at Tyson?”
Virginia did not respond, so Haines coach Audrey Evans nodded reluctantly.
“I remember that,” the Uniform said. “So that was you, huh?”
Virginia tried to look unflinchingly at the officer. She blinked rapidly and said nothing.
“Now, see, that puts a different light on things. We need to step outside and make sure you ain’t strapped.”
Virginia’s face burned. It was never going to stop—the harassment, the accusations, the stares, the whispers behind her back. She knew what people said about her, what they thought, because of what she was, what she had done. Which is why she stayed high most of the time, to numb the pain of never fitting in, of never quite belonging anywhere, except where she had come from. There, she had found a place, had developed a life—a rep, respect, routine—that she was finding impossible to acquire on the outside. Next month would be half a year and still she had not found a corner of her own where she could be left alone, where she could be accepted and her past forgotten. Instead, she was still putting up with shit like this. Virginia frowned and cut a look at the cops.
“You ain’t got no right to put your hands on me, man.”
“As a matter of fact, we do,” the Uniform said. “You made a threat on school property. Safety of the students is our priority.”
Virginia’s vision blurred for an instant. “I said I ain’t carrying no mothafuckin’ gun!” she screamed in the Uniform’s face. Her action frightened the Uniforms. Swiftly, before Virginia realized what was happening, they had secured her arms with painful grips and wrenched them behind her back. She felt herself being pushed from behind and moved across the gym toward an exit door. Her face burned, her vision blurred, tears dripped down her cheeks. She thought the cops were going to lead her outside—she was aware, keenly aware, that although some noise level in the gym continued, everyone in the place was looking at her. She wanted to cry from shame, the way a child cries who is hurt, but she did not, could not. Rather, she scowled and let the men press her firmly against the cinderblock wall next to the exit door. No, they weren’t doing this shit inside the gym, in front of everybody! She felt them aggressively pull her arms above her head and kick at her instep, forcing her into a standing spread-eagle position. And then she felt them pressing and sliding their palms along the surfaces of her body—down the sides of her torso, on her breasts, along her hips, against her back, down the outside of her legs, along the inside of her calves, around her thighs. Against her pussy. And then the hands were gone.
“Alright. She’s clean.”
She glared back at the voice.
“Guess you were telling the truth. But we’re gonna keep our eye on you for the rest of the night.”
Warm tears continued to trickle and Virginia’s face felt like an electric heater. Her chest rose and fell deeply and she knew—knew—that if she did not walk away at that moment she would go for the holster of one of them and blow somebody’s brains out. “Fuck you,” she muttered and whirled away, kicking the exit door open with a booted foot and then striking it violently with the heel of her palm as it swung back toward her. “Mothafuckas!” she screamed as she entered the lobby and headed outside, her head so hot her scalp was sweaty. Somebody, she promised herself, was gonna pay for this shit.
.
Grace got up from her chair. “I’ll get you a plate,” she offered. “You like omelets?”
“I never had it,” Tracy admitted with a sheepish grin.
Grace smiled. “You’ll like it.”
Tracy watched the woman at the stove for a long moment before realizing she was staring. The teen lowered her gaze, looked at the tabletop, and smiled. It was lovely being here.
Sarah sang about snowflakes on eyelashes. Grace placed the items of food on a plate and hummed along with the music. When the plate was full, Grace walked with it to the microwave oven and popped it inside. She punched in the cook time and turned, leaning against the counter and smiling at the girl.
“I’ve got a surprise for you today. After we pick up the sandwiches for my errand, I’m going to drop you off at my favorite spa. Would you like a makeover?”
The girl’s mouth dropped open in shocked pleasure. “For real? Yeah!” she answered. The teen suddenly shifted into feigned suspicion. “You tryna say I’m ugly, Miz Grace?” she demanded playfully.
The woman smiled. “Absolutely not. I think you’re beautiful. A makeover would simply highlight that fact.”
“Oh.” The girl blushed deeply. She couldn’t remember anyone ever calling her beautiful. “Thanks.”
“And since you said your aunt doesn’t celebrate Christmas, well, I thought this might be my non-Christmas gift to you. Nine days early.” The woman smiled and winked at the youth.
Tracy nodded eagerly. “Okay!” she said in compliance.
The microwave beeped its finish. Grace opened the oven door and removed the plate. “Your aunt won’t have a problem with you wearing makeup, will she?” She set the plate on the table in front of Tracy.
“Nah,” the girl answered. “She won’t mind. She like makeup. She sell it.”
“Really?”
“Yup. Mary Kay.”
Grace made a thoughtful sound in her throat and went to the fridge, where she removed a pitcher of orange juice and poured a glass. “I think I believed Witnesses didn’t wear makeup.”
“They do. My aunt don’t never go out the house without it.”
Grace brought the glass of juice and a fork and knife to the table.
“Thanks,” said Tracy.
“You’re welcome,” Grace said. She sat in her chair again.
Tracy picked up the fork to eat but hesitated, eyes shining with happy wonder. “I’m gonna get a perm?” she asked.
Grace chuckled. “If you want one.”
“Yeah!” the girl affirmed and then sighed happily, wondering what kind of style the makeover would give her. “My mama never wanted me to get one.”
Grace grew grave. “After I talk with your aunt tomorrow, you won’t have to worry anymore about what your mother wants.”
They looked at each other somberly, making a silent pact that united them against Diane Sullivan, and then they smiled, a current of affection passing between them.
“Eat your food, Sullivan. So we can make your appointment.”
The teen eagerly began devouring the toast and omelet as Sarah Vaughan continued to sing.
* * *
That evening, Tracy returned to MacDonald Park with four glossy shopping bags in her hands. The merchandise, bought at Neiman Marcus, Lord & Taylor, and Saks Fifth Avenue, totaled twelve hundred dollars. Across her shoulder hung a soft Louis Vuitton overnight case, a gift from her second visit to the mansion. GUCCI was imprinted on the gold silk lining of her camel’s hair coat, and her sleek relaxed hair and arched brows bore the mark of a skilled stylist. On pulse points all over her body burned scented dabs of Chanel cologne, and on her wrist glittered a new 18-karat gold watch. Gingerly, Tracy touched her tongue with her lips, remembering the lipstick there, and felt tall and extravagant in her new funky flair-leg pants and platform boots. She was pretty, finally, she was! She knew it, because she had seen it in the eyes of Miz Grace and Nyeema’s and everybody they passed in the mall, and she couldn’t wait to see it in the eyes of Aunt Madge. Under the carport of the Porter home, Tracy set down the colorful bags, slipped her key into the lock of the side door, and waved at the white Jag waiting at the curb in front of the house. The Jag’s horn squeaked as Tracy turned the knob and opened the door.
“’Bout damn time!” a voice greeted.
The greeting, and the sight of her mother, sitting on the sofa in her aunt’s den, so startled Tracy she momentarily forgot her beautiful new appearance and the bags in her hands.
“Mama, what you doing here?”
Tracy stepped inside and saw her aunt, sitting in the den’s armchair. The chair sat at an angle that faced away from the door, so Tracy could not see her aunt’s entire face, only its profile and the grave set of its mouth. “Hey, Aun’ Madge,” Tracy said uncertainly, closing the door behind her. Something was wrong.
“Hi, Tracy,” Madge responded solemnly. She did not look at the girl.
Diane, wearing brown slacks and a green turtleneck speckled with lint, tilted her head to one side and looked at Tracy with feigned astonishment and demanded, “And who are you?”
Madge turned in her chair and looked. Her mouth opened in surprise. “My goodness!” she exclaimed softly.
Tracy stood near the door and basked in their stares. She blushed, grinned, held out her arms for display and turned around once. “This me!” she gushed boastfully, childishly. She waited for a response as they took in her new look. She knew they liked the makeover—had to, even though she had gotten the changes without their permission.
“Aren’t you beautiful,” Madge said sincerely, almost painfully.
Diane stood and walked over to Tracy, skimming the girl’s tall frame with mock confusion. “Where my daughter at?” she exclaimed. “Where you get these clothes? And what you do to yo hair?” she demanded. Diane reached forward to touch the hair cascading down the side of Tracy’s face, and the girl instinctively drew away, expecting to be hit. Embarrassed by the girl’s flinch, Diane retracted her hand.
“Miz Grace bought ’em for me,” Tracy announced happily. “And she got my hair done.”
“Wit’out my permission? Who the hell this lady think she is, Tracy? She cain’t be buyin’ you clothes and permin’ yo hair wit’out askin’ me! And gittin’ it cut!”
Tracy hesitated, searching her mother’s face and realizing Diane’s displeasure was genuine. Tracy looked again at her aunt, at the downcast eyes, the furrowed forehead, the grim mouth, and realized they didn’t like the new look. Or if they liked it, they weren’t happy about it. And Mama seemed to be blaming Miz Grace. There was no way to remain silent and let that happen. Tracy had to defend her friend! “I told her it was okay,” she explained.
“Oh!” mocked Diane. “You told her it was okay! I guess that make it okay!”
Tracy drew in her chin. Mama’s reaction was puzzling—and irritating, for what was the big deal when the makeover looked good?
“Yeah,” Tracy retorted. “And I like it and she like it. So why you trippin’?”
Diane flushed. “You ain’t seen me trip yet!” she warned.
“Don’t disrespect your mother, Tracy,” said Madge quietly from the armchair.
“I ain’t disrespecting her!” insisted Tracy, her voice rising with emotion. “I just don’t understand why she trippin’!”
Diane pushed a finger near Tracy’s face. “Say it again, hear?” she warned.
Tracy opened her mouth to protest but decided it wise not to. Still, her face burned with displeasure. She was confused by the women’s attack and annoyed by her mother’s belligerence—annoyed, she realized, but not as afraid as she normally would be. And what was Mama doing in Aunt Madge’s house, anyway, looking sober, no less? And why were Mama and Aunt Madge together? Had something serious happened in the family over the weekend?
“What’s in the bags, Tracy?” Madge asked calmly.
Tracy looked at her aunt, momentarily disoriented. Why were they questioning her this way? A moment ago she was the happiest girl in the world—looked and felt and smelled better than she ever had in her life, thanks to Miz Grace, who was wonderful and beautiful and generous. And now this.
“She asked you a question!” snapped Diane.
Tracy recoiled, frowning. A dot of spit, ejected from Diane’s mouth, had landed on Tracy’s lip. But in the face of her mother’s unpredictable anger, Tracy hesitated before raising a finger to wipe the spittle away.
“Answer her!” Diane shouted.
“Clothes,” Tracy replied immediately, looking at Madge, her jaw tight. She did not look at Diane but felt hatred for the green eyes that glared close by.
“Clothes?” repeated Diane. “All these bags?” she questioned and began tugging on the mouths of the bags to peek inside. She reached inside the bag from L&T, extracted the box of shoes, removed the sexy pumps and held them up for Madge to see. The women exchanged knowing looks.
“This some expensive shit, Tracy,” Diane commented. “Why this woman spendin’ this kinda money on you?”
Tracy stared at her mother and opened her mouth to respond, but she did not know what to say.
“Hm?” persisted Diane. “Why she doin’ that?”
Filled with exasperation, Tracy couldn’t contain sarcasm. “Maybe she thought I needed some new clothes, Mama, I don’t know. Not like you buy me any.”
Diane’s hand jerked upward, halted, trembled in mid-air and became a fist.
“Alright, Tracy,” warned Madge.
The fist became a strong pale finger that pointed at Tracy’s face. “You got one mo time to git smart wit’ me t’night!” Diane warned.
“I wasn’t getting smart with you!”
“You gittin’ smart wit’ me now!”
Tracy sighed deeply, nervously, and decided to remain silent. She hated Mama, and what the hell was their problem with her hair and clothes?
“And where you been?” Diane demanded.
Tracy looked at her mother queerly. “With Miz Grace,” she replied, in a tone that meant, Why would you ask such a stupid question when you already know the answer?
“Damn right you been wit’ Miz Grace!” commented Diane. “Every weekend for a whole month! You ain’t got no home no mo?”
Tracy’s confusion deepened. Why this attack when they had given her permission to spend the night with Miz Grace? She looked at her aunt for an explanation. Madge Porter’s face was a cool, unreadable plane. Tracy looked again at Diane. “Aunt Madge told me I could spend the night with Miz Grace,” the teen explained.
Diane lifted a finger to indicate the number one. “One time, Tracy!” she clarified. “Madge said you could spend the night wit’ Jazz Nelson wife one time! You wasn’t s’posed to move in wit’ the lady!”
Tracy’s mouth fell open in genuine surprise and she looked at her aunt for rescue. “I thought everything was okay,” she explained.
Madge let out a heavy sigh. Her hands were folded in her lap. “My understanding was what Diane just said, Tracy,” said Madge, speaking softly, “and that is, that you were supposed to spend one weekend with Miss Grace. That’s what she told me the first time we spoke on the phone. She said because you were her best player, she wanted you to come over to meet her husband. That was Thanksgiving weekend.”
Tracy boiled with frustration and confusion. What, really, was their problem? Were they upset because she let Miz Grace buy her new clothes and put a perm in her hair? Or did they want her to pick up the old routine of going home to Area Place every weekend, and is that why Mama was there? Tracy shuddered. She hoped not. Because even though Miz Grace had promised to put an end to the weekend visits, what if she were unable to do so? What if Mama somehow kept the right to make her, Tracy, return home on Saturdays? The thought of giving up the wonderful weekends with Miz Grace, talking and laughing with the woman, being hugged and praised by her and hanging out in a mansion and riding in the Jag and feeling like the spoiled child of a beautiful rich woman—the thought of giving all that up so that she could return home to Mama and Charles and Area Place was more than Tracy could bear. And realizing that her mother and aunt had the power to make this nightmare happen frightened Tracy so much she relinquished her defensiveness and sarcasm and softened into humility. “I-I ain’t know it was a problem,” she said apologetically to Madge.
“Well, it has become one,” said Madge. “And what time is it, Tracy? What time did I tell you to be back here on Sundays?”
Tracy hesitated. Somewhere in her memory was a shadowed recollection of a rule she had never really obeyed. “Um, three o’clock?” she asked.
“That’s right,” said Madge. “And what time is it now?”
Tracy shrugged a shoulder dumbly.
Madge tilted her head at an angle and said, “Why don’t you look at your new watch?”
Tracy looked at her wrist, at the new gold-plated timepiece, and then glanced with blushing embarrassment at her aunt. At the same time she realized her hands were empty. At some point she had released the shopping bags.
“Miz Grace buy you that?” Madge asked.
“Yeah.”
Diane reached forward and roughly grabbed Tracy’s forearm. “That’s a expensive watch, Tracy!” she charged. To Madge, she explained, “A watch like this cost at least five hundred dollars. What she doin’ buyin’ you that?”
Tracy stammered. “She just, um....” She paused, for Diane was regarding her with studied interest and Tracy did not know why. Finally, Diane stepped away, pacing and thoughtful. Uneasy and weary because of her mother’s persistence, Tracy looked at the other woman in the room. “Aun’ Madge,” she said, “I’m sorry I got home late. That’s all I can say.” She bent over and grabbed the bags and shrugged. “And Mama, I don’t know what you want me to say. I mean, I don’t even live with you no more, so....”
Tracy’s head was bowed as she retrieved her bundles, so she did not see Diane’s reaction. But she heard it and looked up just as her aunt sprang from the armchair and intercepted Diane’s lunge toward the girl.
“Diane!”
Madge inserted herself between mother and daughter and firmly pushed against Diane’s straining body.
“Who the hell you think you talkin’ to!” Diane demanded as she leaned around Madge’s arm.
“Diane, stop it!” warned Madge.
Diane quit struggling against Madge’s restraint but continued to sulk. “How she gon’ say some shit like that to me? She don’t live wit’ me no mo,” she repeated. She addressed Tracy with renewed anger. “So what that mean? You don’t owe me no explanation for what you do? You better remember I’m still yo mama, I don’t care if I live five hundred miles away!”
Tracy stood aright now, bags in hand, surprised and frightened by her mother’s attempted attack. She never expected Diane to have the courage to hit her in front of Madge. “I ain’t do nothing!” she whined in protest.
“Go to your room, Tracy,” ordered Madge.
“But I ain’t do nothing!” the girl repeated on the verge of tears.
“See there!” accused Diane. “That’s her problem! Don’t never think she do nothin’ wrong! Lemme go—I ain’t gon’ hit ’er!” Diane yanked free of Madge’s grasp and walked over to Tracy. She raised a lecturing finger in the girl’s face. “See, you done been wit’ rich folk so much you think you grown!”
“No, I don’t,” Tracy denied.
“Oh, yeah, you do,” said Diane, nodding. Her expression became sly. “Unless,” she added, “sump’m else got you thinkin’ you grown.”
Tracy frowned, confused. “What?” she asked.
“Alright, Diane,” warned Madge.
“‘Alright, Diane’ what?” snapped Diane. “She need to hear it!”
“Hear what?” asked Tracy, looking at her aunt and mother in confusion. What were they talking about?
Diane opened her mouth to answer Tracy, then changed her mind, pressed her lips together, and looked expectantly at Madge.
Madge looked at Tracy with concern. “Tracy. Your mother and I...just think that…you’re spending too much time with Miss Grace. We both agree you need to be home on the weekends. With your family.”
The shopping bags dropped to the floor.
“Why? I like being with Miz Grace! I have fun with her! I don’t have no fun in Area Place! Sit up in that room all day! Nothing to do! House dirty! No food! Men all up in there!”
Diane’s raised voice was a hoarse complaint. “Don’t nobody care how you feel ’bout it! If I say you comin’ home, you bringin’ yo ass home! Plus, we wadn’t just talkin’ ’bout Area Place! You s’posed to be here Friday and Sunday, and you ain’t even doin’ that! So don’t be ackin’ like it’s just my house you wanna stay away from!”
Tracy twisted her head from left to right to ease the tension in her neck. When her head came to a stop, she was looking at her mother. Down at her mother. She suddenly relished the fact that she was taller than Diane. Taller and younger and, because of the training she had received as a Grace Girl, probably stronger now, too. This realization emboldened Tracy so much that when Diane returned Tracy’s stare, the girl did not avert her eyes. Mother and daughter were looking at each other when Tracy heard her aunt begin speaking.
“Tracy, whether you want to be here or not is irrelevant. The bottom line is you won’t be spending the night with Miss Grace anymore.”
The spell of defiance was broken. Tracy threw a horrified gaze at her aunt. “What?” she asked breathlessly.
“You heard me.”
“Aun’ Madge!” Tracy pleaded.
“No.”
“You can’t do that! I got to go to Miz Grace’s house!”
“Got to?” questioned Madge.
Diane whipped a knowing look at her sister. “See there? See how she ackin’? Talkin’ ’bout she gotta go! Like it’s a fix!”
Madge remained firm. “No, Tracy,” she repeated.
The denial ignited Tracy’s anger. “I don’t care what y’all say, I’m going!” she announced.
Madge stiffened, surprised by the open defiance. “Not if we say you’re not!”
“Yes, I am!” replied the girl. “I don’t wanna be here all the time! Go to the boring Kingdom Hall! I don’t wanna live like that—I don’t wanna be you!” She looked at Diane. “And ain’t no way I’m living with you no more! You crazy and I hate you!” she screamed, snatching up the shopping bags again.
“Hate me?” Diane repeated. She laughed harshly. “I got news for you, honey. The feelin’ might be mutual!”
“Diane!” Madge reproved angrily.
Tracy looked triumphantly at her aunt and indicated Diane with a gesture. “See there? She say things like that all the time! That’s why I’m gonna stay with Miz Grace!”
“Oh, really?” challenged Madge. “Has Miss Grace asked you to stay with her?”
“Nope. But she’ll let me! At least she like me for who I am! Don’t try to make me be what she want me to be!”
“You sure ’bout that?” questioned Diane knowingly.
Tracy, bags in hand, did not reply, for she did not understand the implication of her mother’s question.
“And since we on it,” continued Diane, with mock inquisitiveness, “how do she like you, Tracy?”
Tracy frowned again. Another strange remark she didn’t understand. She swung her head to the left and looked at her aunt. Madge lowered her eyes with embarrassment and was silent—and for Tracy, something about her aunt’s reaction revealed the truth. Made everything make sense, suddenly. The averted eyes, the uncomfortable silence, the serious face and adamant objections, Mama’s strange comments and final question. Understanding came crashing down on Tracy Sullivan with a weight so shocking it left her speechless. She stared at her aunt in disbelief, then looked at her mother in the same way. A sudden sick feeling crept into her stomach. Unable to respond any other way, Tracy calmly bent down, picked up the shopping bags one more time, and headed for the door that led to the living room.
“Tracy,” pleaded Madge.
Tracy ignored her aunt’s voice and kept walking.
“Tracy. Wait.”
Tracy halted, scowling and silent, tears slipping down her cheeks. She stared at the floor because she couldn’t stand the sight of the two women.
Madge walked over, her eyes compassionate, her manner gentle. “We’re not accusing you of anything, baby. It’s just that Miss Grace has done some things that—well, that worry us.”
Tracy stared at the floor, did not wipe away the tears.
“For instance, Tracy, how old is she? Thirty? Thirty-one? Why would a woman that age want to be friends with a sixteen-year-old girl? That’s not normal. And why didn’t I meet her properly, in the beginning?”
Tracy tossed a meaningful sidelong glance at her aunt and then resumed her watch of the floor.
“I know: You introduced us before you went to see her husband play, and we’ve spoken on the phone, but that’s not how mature adults meet the guardian of a child they want to take home. She has never even spoken to your mother! And the first time she came to pick you up, and every time since then, she comes here and gets you and does not have the decency to step out of her car and come inside and greet me properly. That worries me, Tracy. It’s rude. And it makes me think she has something to hide. Do you understand? No, you don’t, because you’re young and you still have a lot to learn about people, baby. Now I know you really like Miss Grace, but your mother and I are older, and we just might see some things you don’t see at your age.”
Tracy gritted her teeth and pressed her lips together. Everything Aunt Madge said had a simple explanation: Miz Grace was shy—even Jazz Nelson had said so the night Tracy met him at the Summit. Shy, and didn’t like meeting people, and that was why she never came inside the house. And like Aunt Madge had said, Miz Grace had met her before the Majestics game, even if it was in the driveway, so there really shouldn’t have been a big deal. But despite thinking all this, Tracy remained silent. Her head was hot with anger and hatred and she did not trust herself to speak.
After a moment, Diane’s voice sounded on the other side of the room.
“And you ain’t gotta come home on the weekend. Long as you here and not at that lady house.”
Tracy did not acknowledge the words. Rather, with her back to her aunt and mother, she hesitated long enough to make sure the lecture was over, and then she secured her grip on the shopping bags and walked out of the room.


Chapter Forty-Nine
CAUGHT
Tracy saw the dark page of the magazine as soon as she rounded the corner and spied her gym locker. Saw it attached to the locker with a piece of scotch tape and at first thought it was a bulletin from Miz Grace. But as she moved through the hushed locker room, Tracy felt the stares of her teammates and concluded that their actions had something to do with the paper. She knew they weren’t looking at her because of her transformed appearance—they had already seen, at some point during the day, her new hairstyle and makeup—so they had to be staring for another reason. Fleetingly, Tracy panicked and glanced around at them. Did they think the same thing about her friendship with Miz Grace that Aunt Madge and Mama thought? Tracy searched their faces and the panic increased. The expressions were grim, so maybe they did! Her heart pounded, her face heated, and she nervously offered a weak smile. The others reciprocated with their own smiles and a return to activity—soft speech, dressing, undressing. Tracy was relieved but still worried. They had summoned her from the court, where she shot loose balls, something she did every day before basketball practice. But today, Ronnie had informed her that Pat and Dent wanted all players in the locker room before practice got under way. That was unusual, but Tracy didn’t think anything of it—perhaps Pat wanted to conduct the color game before practice, instead of afterwards.
But now, as she stepped up to her locker and studied the ripped-out magazine page, Tracy froze momentarily and then looked around swiftly with embarrassment at her staring teammates. They all glanced away and pretended to be absorbed in preparation. Tracy grasped the page in her fingers and applied the upward motion needed to make the tape peel away from the metal door. She looked at the page. Printed across the upper-left corner, in fun script, were the words Behind the Scenes, and in the bottom margin were the words The Throne and December 1990. There were pictures of Majestics players, as well as their family and friends. Jason Mathers in the locker room, bare-chested and beaming broadly after the Thanksgiving-day win against the Pistons. Four white men—two in business suits, two in casual attire—hamming it up for the camera. There were other pictures as well, but Tracy stared only at one, along with its caption, and her face burned with embarrassment and guilt. Her. And Miz Grace. In the Summit Family Lounge, standing with the lawyer couple, who smiled toothy grins and held glasses of punch. Tracy scrutinized the pose. She and Miz Grace stood next to each other and smiled, though not as broadly as the couple. And held hands. Pounding began in Tracy’s whole body. At the time, it had felt lovely to hold her coach’s hand. Had made her feel like a special and loved daughter to the important woman. But now it felt like the worst thing she and Miz Grace could have done. Tracy looked up, face hot, eyes darting around the room at her teammates. This time, the other girls watched her without looking away. None smiled now, but when Pat spoke, it was with forced cheerfulness.
“Baby Girl!” the co-captain called, walking over and laying an arm around Tracy’s shoulder. “Whassup with that?” Pat asked, congenially swatting the page in Tracy’s hand.
Tracy looked down at the page and then at her captain.
“You and Miz Grace hanging out?” Pat inquired.
Tracy looked around. They waited for her response.
“No, we just, um…we went to the Majestics game…Thanksgiving,” she said softly.
“Thanksgiving?” said Pat, and looked back at the others. “Kisha? Didn’t you say you called Tracy aunt house this weekend and they told you she was spending the night with Miz Grace?”
Tracy gasped.
Pat looked at Tracy again, silently requesting an explanation.
Tracy’s face felt even hotter. “My house? When?” she asked, looking at the tall quiet sophomore with the pigtails who stood with her back against a locker.
LaKisha Thomas squirmed uncomfortably under the group’s attention and timidly answered, “Saturday. Your uncle told me.”
Tracy bowed her head. Kisha and Uncle Ed, without meaning to, had ripped open the wrapping of The Secret, and there was no way to lie about it now. Tracy looked at her teammates and wondered what they were thinking. They stared back with curious expressions.
Pat removed her arm from Tracy’s shoulder. “See, Baby Girl, ain’t nobody mad ’cause you hanging out with Miz Grace. We just wonder why y’all felt y’all had to lie about it and hide. I mean, we a team—ain’t s’posed to be no secrets ’tween us. And you and me, I thought we was cool!”
“We are,” Tracy said sincerely.
“What?” continued Pat. “Miz Grace thought we’d be jealous if we found out?”
Tracy lowered her eyes. “Yeah.” She tried to look remorseful but inside she smiled with relief; her teammates did not share Mama and Aunt Madge’s suspicion about her friendship with Miz Grace. No, they were upset because she and the coach were hanging out together without them.
Pat swung her head to look back at the rest of the team and charged, “And why the hell I’m the only one saying something? ’Fore Tracy came in here, the rest of y’all was talking all kinda shit ’bout her and Miz Grace. Tell her how you feel now,” Pat challenged.
For a moment the room did not move, and then Toni sighed. “I ain’t got no problem with it.”
Pat twisted her face in scorn. “Toni, you the biggest gossiping ass in here! Don’t be trying to act like no angel now.”
Toni glanced at Tracy with embarrassment and admitted, “Well, Tracy, it don’t seem right, you playing the color game with us and hanging out with Miz Grace. How we know she not telling you what color she gonna wear the next day?”
Tracy sighed heavily. Something about the scene did remind her of last evening’s nightmare in the den, after all. Again, somebody was accusing her of something that wasn’t true. And again, Tracy burned with anger. “You ain’t got to worry about that,” she assured Toni bitterly. “I don’t cheat.”
“I tole y’all dat,” said Dent.
Toni looked at the floor. “I’m not saying you do. We just….”
“If I was cheating, wouldn’t I be winning all the time?”
There was a collective hesitation in the girls. Tracy had only won the color game twice—when she bet pink the first time she played, and later when she and Karla both bet baby blue. In the emotional rush of their jealousy, they had forgotten this fact.
“Look,” Tracy said impatiently, “I just won’t play the color game no more, okay? I was thinking about quitting, anyway.”
“Why?” Deidre demanded.
“Because,” Tracy began, quickly searching for an explanation, for up until that moment she had not realized she had arrived at the decision. “I know Miz Grace wouldn’t like it if she knew, and I feel like I’m doing something behind her back.”
The others froze—uncertain, pondering, suspicious.
“Don’t worry,” Tracy said acridly, “I won’t tell her.”
Their expressions softened—they accepted her assurance—but still no one said anything. Tracy knew they expected more, expected her to divulge details about her friendship with Miz Grace, but the anger she felt was a new type of anger for her, one she hadn’t yet learned to control, and it rendered her stubbornly silent. She strode past Pat and the rest of them and left the locker room with the magazine page still in hand.
* * *
Tracy normally did not go up to Miz Grace’s office unless there were few other students in the gym. Now, she did not care—there was no need to, anymore. At the threshold, she knocked and listened for the familiar voice on the other side of the door. There was no voice. Rather, the door opened and Grace looked out, first with a curious expression, then with a pleased smile when she saw the identity of her visitor. “What are you doing up here?” she scolded lightly.
Tracy sighed and held up the page for Grace to see. “This was taped to my locker.”
The woman’s eyes fell on the page and a knowing half-smile appeared on her face. “Come on,” she said, taking Tracy by the wrist and drawing the girl inside. Grace closed the office door and Tracy walked over to the guest chairs, where she plopped down and waited.
The woman came to her burgundy swivel throne and sank into it. “I’ve seen that issue,” she said. “I just didn’t know anyone else here would see it, too. It’s not released to the general public.”
Tracy gazed worriedly at the woman.
Grace saw the girl’s expression and chuckled. “Don’t worry about it,” she reassured. “It’s no big deal.”
“But people know,” the girl said fearfully.
“So we went to one Majestics game together—no big deal. You’re my player.”
Tracy hesitated.
“Alright?” Grace prodded.
“Kisha called my house Saturday and my uncle told her I was spending the night with you.”
Grace’s mouth popped open in surprise, her air of assurance disrupted.
“He didn’t know he was supposed to keep it secret, ’cause my aunt and me never told him. We didn’t ’cause he don’t never answer the phone. But that time he did.”
Grace grew thoughtful. “That explains something. The girls were behaving differently toward me at Saturday’s game, and I wondered why. That explains it,” she repeated.
Tracy watched the woman anxiously.
“Well,” Grace finally said in a sigh, “that might be a big deal.” She continued grave a moment more and then smiled warmly and assured, “But don’t you worry about it. It’s not a catastrophe. I’ll handle it.”
The girl was still fearful. “But you didn’t want people to know.”
“Yes, but that wasn’t a realistic expectation. And it wasn’t fair of me to lay that burden on you. If I’m going to break one of my rules, I have to be prepared to accept the consequences. And not expect you to shield me from them. I apologize for that.”
Tracy nodded, salved by the words.
“But,” Grace added, using the affectionate tone Tracy had come to expect from the woman, “it doesn’t mean our weekends together have to come to an end.”
Tracy quickly slipped back into anxiety, clasping her hands and gazing at the teacher with eyes that pleaded with penitence.
“What?” the woman asked.
“Yes, they do. Not ’cause of the magazine but ’cause my aunt and mama say I need to be home on the weekend. Spend more time with my family.”
Grace sat up straight and folded her hands in her lap. “I see,” she said.
“I’m sorry, Miz Grace. I want to be with you—I do! I like being at your house, I told ’em that, but they—” Tracy sighed heavily, hesitated, then finished, “They be trippin’.”
Grace stared at the girl, thinking. “That explains something else,” she finally said. “When I called your aunt this morning to ask if I could come over and talk to her this evening, she sounded hesitant. She must have thought that’s what I wanted to discuss.” Grace hesitated. “Well, I think your aunt will change her mind about you visiting me after she finds out the truth about your mother.”
Tracy kept her head lowered.
“And as for our little secret…”
The teen looked up.
“As far as you know, the girls only know that we went to the game and that you spent one weekend with me. Right?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
You didn’t tell them any more than that?”
“Nope. I got mad and left.”
“Why’d you get mad?”
“’Cause they was accusing me of cheating—um,” she stammered quickly, realizing too late that she had alluded to the gambling game.
“Cheating?”
The teen’s brain worked quickly. “Oh, um, not cheating, but lying. You know—acting like I’m not your friend when we really are.”
The woman nodded with understanding. “Well, do me a favor. Don’t tell them anything more than they already know. Don’t confirm or deny anything they ask. They ask you a question about my personal life, tell them, ‘No comment.’” She chuckled. Tracy smiled weakly in return. “Can you handle that?”
“Yeah—I mean, yes, ma’am.” the girl promised, but she kept her head lowered and continued to look troubled.
Grace hesitated, watching the girl’s bowed head and feeling suddenly poked with guilt and regret. It wasn’t fair, what she was doing to the child, not fair at all. Knowing this, she pondered a decision before speaking again.
“Tracy.”
The girl raised her head.
“Never mind what I just said. Tell the girls anything you want about us. About our weekends. I’ve nothing to hide, and I shouldn’t make you feel as if you do.”
The girl’s expression instantly opened into a hopeful smile. “Really? I can tell ’em about your house?”
“Yes,” the woman said. “Just,” she added quickly, “not about my Sunday errand. Do keep that between us. Okay?” She smiled.
Tracy smiled back. “Yes, ma’am!” The teen stood. The sigh she released had a light and cleansing sound to it.
“Now get out of here and down to the floor.”
“Yes, ma’am,” the girl replied and hurried to leave.
“And Tracy.”
The girl paused and looked back.
“I’m happy that you’re my friend. That hasn’t changed.”
The teen’s smile was consuming.
* * *
Twenty minutes later, Grace stood before the players and helpers. She had already blown Tip’s whistle for attention, and now the girls stood around waiting to hear what she had to say. As she spoke, she carefully avoided looking at Tracy Sullivan.
“Alright, listen up. You are all invited to a Christmas Eve dinner at my home Monday at four o’clock, a week from this moment.”
An astounded silence, and then, from the girls: “What?” “You for real?” “Yes!”
Laughter.
Grace did not reflect the mirth but continued speaking as before.
“You may bring one person with you—no more than that, or I will not allow you to remain. As some of you may know, Tracy has already visited my home and that is because she will not be able to attend the dinner. For personal reasons, her aunt doesn’t celebrate Christmas, nor does she want Tracy to participate in the festivities. So,” she concluded, clasping her hands together and forcing a smile, “I hope the rest of you can make it. Before your holiday starts on Thursday, I will give you directions to my home and any other pertinent information you’ll need to attend. Is that clear?” she asked.
“Yes, ma’am!” came the jubilant response. In all her years at Beck, Miz Grace had never invited students to her home, not even her athletes, and now they were to have that opportunity!
“Scuse me, M’Grace, but yo huzbun gon’ be there?” asked Dent.
The group hesitated, waiting for the answer.
“Yes,” Grace said and smiled when she saw their pleasure.
I’mmo party with Jazz Nelson? Oh, girl, I know I got to be looking good!
Why are you saying that with his wife standing right there?
Oops—that’s right. I forgot.
The others laughed at the overheard exchange, and Grace smiled with them, genuinely amused by Karla Head’s slip of the tongue. Afterwards, however, Grace met eyes with Tracy and they exchanged private smiles. Weary smiles spawned by the sadness of a shared loss.


Chapter Fifty
MATERNITY WAR
Madge Porter sat in the Queen Anne armchair in the den, dressed in an outfit she would normally wear to the Kingdom Hall—a sheath with a necklace of beads. The TV set was off, the stereo on. Kingdom Melodies, the Watch Tower Bible & Tract Society’s soft orchestrated versions of the songs congregations sang at Kingdom Halls, set a soothing tone in the house. Soothing, because Madge needed to allay her worry as she waited for the arrival of Tracy and Miss Grace. The coach had been vague in her request that morning, saying merely that there was “something” she wanted to discuss about Tracy. Obviously, Tracy had told the woman she could no longer spend weekends at the woman’s home, but Madge worried if that were all Tracy had disclosed. Had the child, in her frank way, told the woman the full reason for the prohibition? Madge’s face warmed at the possibility. It was possible—Tracy could be so naïve, at times. But—no. Not even Tracy would be that foolish. Would she?
Madge looked around the den, inspecting it for neatness. Adjusted a pillow on the sofa so that it sat just so. But would they talk in here, or in the living room? She still hadn’t decided. She thought a moment. The living room, perhaps, since it was prettier. Yes, the living room, with its elegant furniture and lush carpet. That would be the proper place to entertain a former Olympic athlete and a woman who lived in a mansion.
But if Tracy had told the woman the truth, what would Madge say when the woman got there? How do you stand behind an accusation like that, with only suspicion as proof? How do you look the accused in the face? And what if what she and Diane suspected were untrue? After all, she hadn’t thought Miss Grace to be a perverse woman, even though, admittedly, she did become disappointed when Tracy started spending so much time with her. Still, she hadn’t ventured to think that Grace Gresham was abnormal. The idea had been Diane’s. Diane! Why had she even listened to Diane? A bitter little person who always saw the worst in people? Well—mostly because Diane was Diane. Not just worldly but deeply worldly, steeped in wrongdoing and Satanic thinking, and so Madge figured if anybody could spot perversion in another person, Diane should be able to do so. And so she had let Diane convince her that Miss Grace had unnatural affection for Tracy. Had let Diane persuade her to believe that Tracy bore all the signs of a child who was being groomed by a molester. And it hadn’t helped when Tracy stepped into the house last night, beautifully made over and laden with yet more gifts from the older woman.
Madge got up, peeked through the blinds of the den, looked into the blackness of the winter evening. No white car in the driveway, no car moving along the street. She turned off the lights in the den but kept the stereo on and liked the fact that the soft strains of the classical music, the uplifting spiritual music, her people’s music, would emanate from the darkness. As much as she dreaded Grace Gresham’s visit, still she hoped the woman would inquire about the music so that Madge could explain its origin and possibly give a witness. Even someone like Amazing Grace Gresham, even if what Diane suspected about the woman were true—even someone like her would appreciate the Truth, if she heard it and had a good heart.
In the living room, Madge switched on the elegant lamps that rested on the end tables, then sat in the armchair and glanced at her watch. Ten minutes to seven. Grace Gresham had said they would arrive shortly after practice, which ended at six-fifteen. So, any minute now. Madge got up, strode to the kitchen, eyed again the tray of snacks that sat on the kitchen table. On Ritz and wheat crackers, drops of whipped cheese and pieces of mini sausage—the sausage was for Tracy, since the child had said Miss Grace did not eat meat. A tray with cubes of pepperjack and cheddar and rolled slices of turkey and ham. A circular arrangement of eight deviled eggs, the yellow thick filling sprinkled red with paprika. A small vegetable tray of baby carrots, broccoli, celery sticks and cucumber slices, with ranch dipping sauce. A small platter of seedless green grapes, strawberries, and cut cantaloupe. The only hors d’oeuvres she could muster in an emergency. She wished Grace Gresham had given her more of a notice. The woman had called while Madge was on her way out the door to spend a day in field service with Ann Sterling, who was a full-time pioneer and constantly in need of a ministry partner to help her fulfill her monthly quota of 90 hours of witnessing service. Madge herself was auxiliary pioneering this month and so needed 60 hours. So at the end of a seven-hour day of door-to-door work, return visits and home Bible studies, she’d had just enough time to zip to Kroger and back home, where she vacuumed and dusted and prepared the snacks and boiled a pot of tea that now chilled in a pitcher in the freezer, and showered and donned another dress and made up her face with more care than usual, for it mattered to her that she present the best side of herself to Amazing Grace Gresham—for Tracy’s sake, of course, since the girl was so enthralled by the woman.
Madge went back to the den and sat down in the dark, listening to the Melodies and watching the curtains that covered the den windows. When Miss Grace drove up, the headlights of her car would bear witness against the curtain’s fabric and the ceiling and walls of the room. Madge was pensive as she sat, wrists dangling over the ends of the armrests.
Their phone conversation had been a little warmer than the first they’d had at the beginning of the school year, but it was still brief and formal. Hi, Mrs. Porter, this is Grace Nelson. Madge’s heart had leapt with a jolt of emotion. Oh, hi, Mrs., uh, Nelson. Hi. Instantly, she had concluded that Tracy had told the woman the truth!—and so the skin on Madge’s face became hot and moist. But when the coach spoke again, she sounded friendly, not angry or abrupt, as a woman would sound who had been accused of being a lesbian child molester. I hope I’m not calling too early, the friendly voice had offered. Oh, no, Miss—uh, Mrs. Gresham, uh—no. I-I was just…on my way out into my…ministry work. There was the slightest pause and then, Well, I certainly don’t want to keep you, then. I just wondered if it would be convenient for you if I stopped by after practice this evening. The heat and moistness increased and Madge’s lungs began expanding and contracting wildly. Oh, ser-certainly—sure, that would be fine—a nervous clearing of the throat—May I…ask what it’s about? She had tamed her wild respiration and barely breathed as she waited for the coach’s answer. Of course it has to do with Tracy. But I’d much rather discuss it with you in person. Not the answer Madge had expected but she’d had no choice but to carry the burden of curiosity with her into field service. And now, finally, she would find out. Did the woman want to confront her about the sexual accusation? Or had Tracy not told her about the suspicion and did the woman simply want to fight the cause of letting Tracy’s visits continue? Madge was not sure, and the uncertainty made her nervous, so much that her forearms and wrists felt numb with weakness.
A flash of brightness swept across the den windows and then briefly illuminated the darkness of the room before vanishing. Madge stood. Her heart pounded. She grabbed one of the copies of The Watchtower magazine from the den’s wood coffee table—her grip was feeble and so the magazine slipped from her fingers and fell to the floor. “Oh,” she cried softly and retrieved the literature. She stood aright, winded by the effort of bending, and walked briskly into the living room, where she sat again in the armchair and pretended to be reading. If Tracy led the woman to the front door, instead of to the side door under the carport, they would pass the living-room window and through the sheer drapes glimpse her seated, ostensibly engrossed in the magazine. Perhaps Miss Grace would inquire about the magazine and give Madge an opportunity to witness. At any rate, having The Watchtower gave her something to do while she waited for them.
Momentarily, the doorbell rang. Madge placed the magazine on the glass coffee table, stood, and went to the front door, taking a deep breath and releasing it slowly in an attempt to allay the stress that had built up in her middle. The last thing she needed was to suffer an asthma attack in front of Amazing Grace Gresham. A professionally healthy person like that—Madge would be humiliated. And she knew her teenage niece would be mortified. Again, she wondered what, exactly, Tracy had told the woman. Madge’s face again warmed at the thought of pending humiliation, and she opened the wood door, smiling nervously, and unlocked the exterior storm door. “Hi!” she said when the door was open, and then she suddenly realized she didn’t know what to call the woman accompanying her niece. Grace Gresham had so many names, it seemed, past and present, at school, in connection with her husband, and although Madge had addressed the woman in the past using the students’ nickname for her, she thought that greeting the woman as Miss Grace would seem foolish, especially with the formal nature of the women’s relationship and the uncertainty of what lay ahead. So Madge decided not to use any name at all. “Come on in!” she invited.
“Good evening, Mrs. Porter,” the famous woman said as she stepped across the threshold. Her voice was clear and crisp, yet tempered by a soft quality Madge found pleasing.
“Good evening!” Madge returned, too loudly.
Tracy stepped in.
“Hi, Tracy,” Madge said, eyeing her niece curiously.
“Hey,” the girl muttered softly and did not return her aunt’s look.
Madge swiftly searched the girl’s expression for clues that might reveal how much the teen had revealed to the coach. But she could not discern anything new in the girl’s face. It was the same closed expression Tracy had borne last night, when she went to bed angry, and this morning, when she awakened. Madge smiled nervously at Grace Gresham, closed the front door, inhaled shakily, and extended an arm toward the sofa. “Please, have a seat.”
The coach obeyed, seating herself near the edge of a cushion. Tracy remained standing but did not look at either woman. Madge went to the armchair and seated herself primly, hands clasped in her lap. She tried to smile pleasantly but was distracted by the sound of her own breathing. She exhaled at length, softly, in an attempt to bring breathing and heartbeat back to normal. At the same time, she quickly considered the appearance of the woman on the sofa and was struck by how small Grace Gresham was in person. On TV fourteen years ago, and even in the little black-and-white photo of her streaking down a stretch of track in the G volume of the encyclopedia, she had seemed so powerful and muscular, so intense and focused, that Madge had expected a woman of imposing stature. Amazing Grace Gresham, in the flesh, was not so. Rather, she was petite and, it seemed, fairly dainty in build, although glowingly healthy and impeccably pretty. This last observation triggered a dark suspicion, which Madge quickly pushed away and redirected her thinking.
“May I—C-can I offer you—something to drink? I’ve got tea and some—and something for you all to—munch on. I—know you must be hungry and thirsty after—all that practice.”
“No, thank you, I’m fine,” Grace Gresham replied pleasantly.
“Oh,” said Madge. It hadn’t dawned on her that Miss Grace would not accept any of the refreshments, and now that it had happened, a dart of disappointment pricked Madge’s composure. All that running to the grocery store and deviating from budget and carefully preparing food, for nothing! “Tr-Tracy? What about you? I—I made your tea,” she prompted, trying to recover with pleasantness. She saw her niece’s expression—vestiges of the pouting anger from last night—and worried that the girl, too, was not going to avail herself of the refreshments.
“I don’t want nothing,” the teen mumbled.
Disappointment in Madge turned into insult. On top of that, her niece’s response made Madge more worried. Tracy was always parched and ravenous after basketball practice, so this change in the girl’s behavior, in her routine, could only mean one thing. She had told! And was now too distraught by the confession to eat. Madge’s face burned anew with embarrassment and for a moment she could not look at Amazing Grace Gresham.
“You’ve a lovely home, Mrs. Porter.”
The words, graciously spoken, were so unexpected they felt like a yank to Madge. She forced her gaze to settle again on the woman on the sofa. Miss Grace’s face was pleasant, almost smiling, so maybe the compliment was sincere. “Th-Thank you,” Madge said uncertainly. Maybe Tracy hadn’t told the woman the truth. “Sh-sure you won’t—have anything?”
Amazing Grace Gresham smiled. “I’m sure. Besides, I won’t be long.” The smile softened into gravity. “As I said on the phone this morning, there’s something we need to discuss.”
Madge went numb. “Yes,” she said expectantly, her forehead sweaty, a foolish grin on her face. She kept her eyes fixed on the Olympian but wanted desperately to fasten a pleading look onto Tracy.
“Tracy confessed something to me that I find disturbing.”
Madge felt it, the strange pricks on the surface of her skin, the squeezing around her thoracic cavity, and silently chided herself for being so weak. “Oh,” she wailed.
The coach looked at her with concern.
Madge stood, embarrassed to be afflicted in front of an audience of two young athletes. “Pardon me….” She brought a hand to her chest and coughed. “I…have to get my…” She turned away. “…medicine.” She fled toward the archway of the kitchen, wheezing. Behind her, the clear crisp voice spoke.
“Are you okay?”
Madge nodded vigorously, fist to mouth as she stifled a cough, eyes watering from the effort. “Yes,” she managed to croak. Behind her, she heard her niece’s soft matter-of-fact voice.
“She ah’right. She just got asthma”—spoken without malice or alarm, for the child had no idea how grave the disorder could be.
Madge reached the utility drawer in the kitchen—one of the many places she stashed the pump spray bottles of nedocromil—where she pulled open the bin and grabbed the small can encased in yellow plastic tubing. As she brought the metered-dose inhaler to her lips and pumped the steroid mist into her throat, the pretty little woman from the sofa rounded the corner, eyes grave and concerned, and looked steadily and curiously at her.
“You okay?” Grace Gresham asked again.
A tear slipped down Madge’s cheek—lacrimation always accompanied the coughing spells—and, panting, she nodded and tried to smile reassuringly. “Yes.” She wiped her cheek with her fingers. “Thank you.” She quickly tore a sheet of paper towel from its dispenser and dabbed at her eyes. “I caught it quickly.”
The former pro athlete did not look convinced. Instead, she continued staring at Madge with deep consideration. Behind her, Tracy rounded the corner but stayed near the arch, peering curiously at her aunt but reluctant to join the adults’ interchange.
“I’ve had players with the condition,” the coach shared, her manner still one of gentle concern. “I’ve seen how serious it can be.”
Madge nodded and smiled politely, embarrassed and touched by the woman’s kindness. Maybe she was wrong about Miss Grace, maybe Diane was, for someone this kind couldn’t be what Diane had suggested she was. But—and Madge experienced again the same dark dread that had sent her into the wheezing spell—there was still the matter of continuing the conversation they had begun in the next room. The matter of facing the woman, of looking into her eyes and having to apologize for accusing her of being vile and unnatural. Madge’s skin became moist again, and she felt a faint shortness of breath. She tried to smile. “I’m sorry about that.”
“No need to apologize. It’s not anything you can help.”
“No, but”—an embarrassed chuckle—“it always seems to happen at the most inopportune times.”
“Stress is a trigger, so I would imagine so,” the coach said.
They hesitated, smiled at each other. Madge realized she actually liked the manners of Jazz Nelson’s wife. A woman like this couldn’t be what she and Diane had suspected. But there was still the matter to settle. Madge gestured toward the living room. “I…guess we can…” she began. Miss Grace nodded her assent and Madge led the way toward the arch. Tracy, however, hesitated at the table, looking at the hors d’oeuvres curiously. Madge noticed the girl and felt the rush of maternal softness she often felt when she observed Tracy in need. “You can have some,” she pointed out. “Just wash your hands first.” The teen’s expression revealed reluctant compliance, and Madge felt satisfaction at knowing that even though the sulking adolescent resented her at the moment, still she had to rely on her old aunt for sustenance. Tracy headed for the kitchen sink and Madge saw it when Miss Grace looked at the food.
“I don’t blame her. Everything looks lovely,” the coach commented. “And it’s been such a long time since I’ve had a deviled egg. Did you make these yourself?”
Madge brightened. “Yes.”
“Oh. Homemade! I would love to try one.”
Madge moved to the table with eagerness. “Oh, please do! Have as—anything you’d like.”
“I suppose I should wash my hands, as well.”
“Oh, no, that’s for children, they touch everything,” urged Madge. “I know your hands are clean,” she added in a chuckle.
Grace smiled, took one of the small paper plates Madge had arranged on the table and used the sterling tongs to select an egg and place it on her plate. She picked up the boiled half-egg with her fingers, lifted it daintily to her lips, and took a small bite. “Oh, this is delicious,” she remarked sincerely.
Madge was delighted. “Thank you. But,” she observed playfully, “you don’t eat much.”
“As a matter of fact, I do,” the coach explained, “but I won’t feel hunger until about an hour from now. Strangely enough, coaching seems to increase the level of peptide YY hormones in my bloodstream and suppresses my appetite.”
“Oh,” said Madge and wondered which aspect of Amazing Grace’s life—her professional athleticism or her economic prosperity—accounted for the unusual, technical explanation the woman had just provided.
Tracy joined them at the table and began preparing her own plate, but unlike Miss Grace, the teen began choosing servings of everything on the table.
Madge, pleased that her efforts were being appreciated, jumped with remembrance and moved to the fridge. “I’ll get the drinks. Miss, uh, Grace? Would you like tea?”
“Is it sweetened?”
“Yes,” said Madge, thinking that there was no other way one should expect to find tea in a Southern black household.
The coach looked apologetic. “I try to limit the amount of sugar and caffeine in my diet. Do you have anything else?”
Madge thought. “Well, I—have—orange juice, water, and cranberry juice. And I think the cranberry is”—she dipped into the fridge and retrieved the bottle—“Yes, it’s sugar-free!”
“That would be perfect,” declared Grace.
As Madge turned away to get glasses from the cupboard, she heard Amazing Grace Gresham’s voice behind her. Its tone had changed from formal pleasantness to a softer, more familiar, almost playful tone.
“Perhaps you should have gotten a bucket, Sullivan, with all that you’ve selected.”
Madge turned. The pretty athlete and her niece stood close to each other, their backs to her.
“Perhaps you shouldn’t-na got a plate, Miz Grace, with that one egg you selected,” the girl returned.
Madge watched, intrigued, as her normally shy and tongue-tied niece and the strange, pretty, famous woman broke into soft chuckles over the girl’s retort. And she realized she was wrong—that what Diane suspected was possible, although unlikely, but it was possible. Maybe. And she noticed something else. Amazing Grace Gresham, while certainly petite, was not thin but seemed a sturdy neat package of well-toned muscle, repressed power, easy movements, and radiant skin. The body, Madge concluded, of someone who had mastered the art of physical fitness. Or, she conceded, the body of a rich woman who could afford to buy fitness. At any rate, she imagined that to Tracy, Jazz Nelson’s wife must look like the most dazzling human being the child had ever seen. Once upon a time, Madge remembered, she had held such status in the eyes of the child.
Madge turned away from the scene and quickly poured the drinks, feeling none of the homemaker’s joy she had experienced a moment ago.
* * *
“As I said, Tracy told me something this weekend that you should know about.”
Madge’s mouth fell open in dreadful perplexity. Tracy’s jaws, plump with food, fell motionless and the girl peered at her aunt with hesitance and curiosity.
“Tracy? Honey. Tell your aunt what you told me.”
The women looked at her, waiting. The teen’s face blushed. She finished chewing, swallowed, and mumbled an answer.
“Um…Mama the one beat me that time. When I told you Jinya Daggett did it.”
Two emotions assailed Madge in that moment: relief, because she realized Miss Grace did not know about the molestation suspicion; and miserable disbelief, because of what Tracy had just revealed.
“What! Diane did that to you? Why did she do that, Tracy?”
“She always do that.”
Madge’s disbelief became anger—and then a horrifying realization. “Oh, no! And I….”
Aunt and niece looked at each other. Both were thinking the same thing: Madge had accused Virginia Daggett.
“Mrs. Porter, Tracy said that her mother loses her temper and makes Tracy lie about how she gets her injuries. Her mother had her convinced that if Tracy ever told anyone the truth, she would kill her…and hurt anyone she told. Especially you.”
Madge closed her eyes and brought a hand to her forehead in distress. “Oh,” she bemoaned. She lowered her hand, opened her eyes, looked at the two on the sofa. “I had no idea! Tracy, baby, you could have told me! Nothing would have happened to you or to me!”
The teen kept her head lowered.
“Tracy? Do you feel comfortable letting her see what you showed me yesterday? In the dressing room?”
The teen hesitated.
“She should see them, baby,” Grace urged gently. “I think she’ll understand why you were afraid to tell anyone.”
The girl sighed. Looked at her aunt. Stood. Began pulling her burgundy shirtwaist out of her khaki pants.
“What—?” began Madge before deciding to remain silent.
Tracy’s cheeks were flushed by the time she had unbuttoned and opened the shirt. Running across her abdomen was a horizontal scar, a faded slash of tan about the width of a pencil and the length of a ruler. “Remember this?” Tracy asked her aunt softly.
The aunt nodded. “Yes. You got that when you and Diane were in that car accident. With her boyfriend.”
The teen looked resigned. “We didn’t have no accident. Mama did this.”
The aunt gasped. Stared at the girl in astonishment. “What!”
Tracy was silent.
“Why did she do that, Tracy?”
The teen hesitated before answering. Her throat worked and her eyes grew rosy, but she tried not to cry.
“She used to take these pills. Scooby said it was LSD. And sometimes at night, she came in my room and…did crazy things like, one time, she put her hand over my nose so I couldn’t breathe. I almost blacked out. And then another time, she came in with a knife.” The teen glanced down at her belly. “Said I was pregnant and she was gonna cut the baby out.”
From the aunt came a sound, a cry with a gasp that sounded like the moan of one wounded. Immediately, Madge’s eyes welled and shimmered. She rose and in moments stood close to her niece. “Oh, Tracy!” she lamented. As a prelude to an embrace, she touched Tracy on the arm, but when the teen’s body remained rigid, Madge did not execute the hug.
“And, um,” the teen continued, unbuttoning the cuff of a sleeve and rolling it up, “these came from cigarettes.”
Madge ran her fingers over the skin of the girl’s forearm, caressing tiny dots of de-pigmentation. There seemed to be a field of twenty. “Diane said it was scars from chicken pox. I always thought it was strange that they weren’t anywhere else on your body. I feel so stupid.”
“You shouldn’t” came the quiet voice from the sofa. “Those are credible explanations. Even our school’s doctor didn’t question them when Tracy got approval to join the team.”
Madge heard the reassuring voice, appreciated it, but nevertheless kept gazing at her young relative with pity. “Oh, Tracy.”
“Show her your back, hon,” the calm voice ordered.
Tracy pushed the shirt off her shoulders so that it slipped down her torso to reveal a rectangular wad of scar tissue, a ragged keloid of shiny flesh, located just below a shoulder blade.
“What is that?”
Tracy slipped the shirt back onto her body and peered at her aunt with curiosity. Now the teen’s eyes brimmed and because she did not trust her voice, she did not speak.
Grace stood. “Tracy said that when she was twelve, she tried to straighten her hair. Her mother took the hot comb…touched it against her back…to teach her a lesson.”
“Oh, Tracy!” cried Madge, gazing at her niece in amazement—and then with a memory. “When you were twelve! That’s why Diane didn’t let me take you with me to Ed’s mother when I came to town that year. She knew I’d see the burn.” On the word burn, Madge’s voice warbled in a sob, and immediately she was horrified by another realization. “You were always bruised, weren’t you? That’s why you were always afraid to undress in front of me. I thought it was because you were shy!”
Overcome, Madge reached forward and drew the girl into her arms. Tracy allowed the embrace but did not reciprocate.
“Poor baby! To go through all of that, all those years, and not be able to tell anybody! You must have thought nobody cared!”
For Tracy, something about her aunt’s final statement made it happen—the sobbing came in that instant, deeply but silently, squeezing out of the girl’s soul with the greatness of a fountain long buried and newly set free, and so Tracy relented, finally, and held her aunt in return. Both cried.
“If I had known Diane was…. I would have gotten to you even if I had to swim to do it. You know that!”
The girl nodded. “I know.”
Beside aunt and niece, the coach stood silently, hands clasped primly before her body. A deep unidentified emotion tried to make inroads in the expressionless mask of her face, but she managed to keep it contained.
The teen’s sobbing subsided and she lifted her head from her aunt’s shoulder. Madge, responding to the cue, released her. Tracy wiped her face dry and looked at her coach. They exchanged small reassuring smiles and the girl returned to her seat on the sofa.
“I never knew,” Madge said to Grace. It was a plea for absolution.
“How could you? Adults who abuse children are masters at hiding what they do.”
The women hesitated and then each returned to her seat—Madge, to the armchair; Grace, to the sofa, where she sat close to her pupil and used a hand to comfortingly squeeze the girl’s hands, which rested on Tracy’s thighs.
“You okay?” Grace asked softly.
“Yes, ma’am,” the girl answered softly.
“You did the right thing. It’s going to be okay now.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
It was a conversation, Madge noted, that did not include her. “Well,” she announced from her seat. When the two heads on the sofa turned to her, Madge finished, “Obviously, Tracy won’t be going home to her mother on the weekends anymore.”
“That’s precisely why I wanted this talk, Mrs. Porter. I had planned to discuss it with you anyway, but when Tracy told me this afternoon that her mother wanted her back home, I knew you wouldn’t allow it if you knew about the abuse.”
Madge lowered her eyes, embarrassment seeping back into her demeanor. “Yes, and—thank you so much—Miss Grace—and I suppose I owe you an apology.”
“Why?”
Madge closely watched the other woman’s face, for she was still not sure how much Tracy had revealed to the coach. “We just…thought she needed to be home more. I hope we…didn’t offend you….”
“Not at all. I understand why you would want her home. Why her mother would insist is beyond me.”
Madge’s expression dried with bitterness. “My sister’s not a happy woman. And she doesn’t like it when other people are. I guess it looked like Tracy was having too much fun with you.”
“I see,” said Grace. “But I completely understand your decision about Tracy’s weekends. I don’t like it,” the woman admitted with a playful smile. “But I’m willing to respect it.”
Madge became nervous again. “It—it’s just that…we didn’t want her to…wear out her welcome.”
Aunt and niece glanced at each other. For the sake of diplomacy, Madge had just told an untruth.
“Oh, never that,” insisted Grace. “I enjoy Tracy’s company. I think she’s absolutely adorable. And for what it’s worth, I owe you an apology, as well.”
Aunt and teen looked at the coach questioningly.
Grace fidgeted slightly, searching for words, before relaxing into an explanation. “As a coach and administrator, it’s been my rule not to develop friendships with my students or players. I’ve always thought it was unprofessional. But with Tracy, I…” The woman glanced at the teen, smiled lovingly. “She’s so talented on court and so lovable off that before I realized it, I was”—the woman chuckled and admitted, “smitten by her!”
Madge chuckled.
Tracy smiled, pleased by the compliment, though she didn’t know what smitten meant.
“But my apologies to you, Mrs. Porter, for getting carried away—with demanding her time, and the gifts. I guess I never realized how much I missed having a daughter until Tracy came along.” Coach and player smiled at each other.
Understanding sobered Madge and she nodded, lips parted with realization, and looked at the woman on the sofa with new and penitent eyes. “You don’t owe me an apology, Miss Grace. I understand. Truth is, I’ve always looked upon Tracy as my daughter,” she admitted, and both women smiled.
“I certainly wouldn’t want to interfere with that,” said Grace.
“Oh, no,” insisted Madge. “I know that Tracy enjoys being with you, and I wouldn’t want to interfere with that.”
The teen, fully recovered from her bout of crying, didn’t like the way the adults’ conversation was headed. Fearful of coming out on the losing end of the women’s deferential bargaining, she suggested plaintively, “I can have two mothers!”
A pause—and then the women laughed. Grace placed an arm around Tracy’s shoulders. “How about a mother-aunt,” the coach suggested, with a gesture indicating Madge, “and a mother-friend?” she said, touching her own chest.
“Alright,” the teen agreed eagerly, to which the women laughed again.
Tracy smiled, and for the first time in her life she felt not only fought for but completely and lovingly and maternally owned.
* * *
Despite the chill December night, the skin beneath Tracy’s nose was damp with a film of sweat, and she heard in her ears the faint beginning of cardiac thudding. She stood on her mother’s front porch between Uncle Ed and Aunt Madge, two tall pillars of protection who were neither drunk nor high nor stupid but were serious real adults who knew how to handle things, and yet Tracy still could not keep her body from reacting the way it always did when she knew she was about to face Mama’s anger. In her uncle’s hand was a large empty suitcase; across his shoulder hung an overnight bag. Tracy gripped a small suitcase and an empty duffel bag.
Ed had knocked, and now they waited. The window shade in the door flipped back, revealing a yellow cast of illumination coming from the back of the apartment—the kitchen light. Diane’s face appeared at the glass and her eyes revealed surprise at seeing the three people, and especially her brother-in-law, on her front porch. Ed had only visited the apartment in Area Place once since returning to Atlanta in February. Now, here he was—with Tracy and Madge, after eight-thirty at night on a Monday in December—and so Diane knew something was wrong.
The two adults and teenager waited as the window shade fell back in place and the inner door opened. Diane unlocked the screen door and gave it a small push, calmly asking, “The hell y’all doin’ here?” She retreated into the living room.
Ed caught the screen door and held it open for his wife and niece to enter first. When they were all inside, Ed shut the inner door behind them and greeted, “Hello, Diane.” The three visitors lingered near the door. The living room was in shadows until Diane, across the room, flicked on a lamp that sat on the end table. The lamp’s low-watt illumination was dull and yellow and Madge, annoyed and irritated, looked about impatiently and spotted the wall switch that controlled the room’s overhead light. She moved toward it, asking Diane, “Does this work?”
“Yeah,” said Diane with an attitude that meant, But I didn’t ask you to turn it on.
Madge ignored her sister’s disapproval. “I need more light than that,” she said and flipped the switch with a finger. White brightness filled the room because of the twin one-hundred-watt bulbs in the ceiling fixture. Everyone blinked from the glare.
The two sisters looked at each other—Diane, with displeasure; Madge, with defiance. Diane, unaccustomed to seeing her meek older sister behave impudently, and intimidated by the unexpected visit, decided not to protest the light. Rather, she was curious about the cause of Madge’s aggression and the reason for their presence. And what the hell was Ed doing there? Diane’s palms were sweaty—the mothafuckas didn’t come for coffee and to discuss the weather, that’s for damn sure—so she walked to the kitchen table, where her cigarettes and a lighter rested, and snatched up the green-and-white cellophane-covered package. Smoking always calmed her nerves. “To what do I owe the honor of this?” she asked mockingly, beating a cigarette out of the pack and looking questioningly at Madge and Ed.
Two of the visitors, the man and teenager, hesitated, but the third was curt and outspoken.
“We came to get Tracy’s things. She’s coming to live with us permanently.”
Diane drew in her chin as if the news insulted her. “Oh, really?” she asked sarcastically, holding the unlit cigarette between her middle and index fingers.
“Yes.”
“Since when you became her mama, Madge?”
“Since I learned the truth about you, Diane.”
Diane hesitated, eyes stretched wide with the fear of one about to be exposed. “The hell you talkin’ ’bout?” she scoffed. She picked up the lighter from the table, fidgeted with the head, flicked it. It clicked but produced no flame.
Madge looked at her niece and ordered, “Go and get the things you want to take back with you.”
Diane glared at Tracy, daring her to obey. The teen carefully avoided her mother’s eyes and quickly went into the bedroom she had always claimed as her own. Ed calmly walked to the bedroom doorway, handed Tracy his empty luggage, and pulled the door shut so that the teen would not hear the adults’ conversation.
Diane, who had watched him, now scoffed contemptuously and busied herself with the lighter. It was still ineffective. “Shit,” she said and tossed the lighter onto the table. “Where the hell is—?” She looked at Ed. “You still smoke a pipe, bruh-in-law? Gotta light?” There was something mocking in her voice.
Ed shook his head. “No,” he answered gravely. Both he and his wife watched the short pale woman curiously, as if seeing her for the first time and not liking what they saw.
Diane was now certain that they knew. Finally. Her heart began to beat hard and she walked to the kitchen sink and began removing the dirty dishes and placing them on the counter. Damn stupid Tracy must have told them or that bitch coach, which is one of the reasons Diane hadn’t wanted the child to spend so many weekends with the woman. She knew Tracy—knew she would be dumb enough to finally open up to the first somebody who took a big interest in her. But that didn’t matter now. The fact was, Madge knew, and Diane had never wanted that. She was convinced Madge had held a 16-year grudge because Diane had not let Madge have custody of Tracy years ago. For that reason, Diane believed Madge went through the years waiting, expecting—even hoping—that Diane would turn out to be a failure as a mother. The skin under Diane’s nostrils glistened with perspiration, but she was not angry at Tracy for the betrayal—at least, not as angry as she thought she’d be when this moment arrived. No, she was more curious than angry. What the hell did Madge expect to do about it? Even with Ed standing there, Diane was eager to see if her older sister would finally have the backbone needed to confront somebody—to call Diane out and give Diane a reason, finally, to knock the hell out of her goody-two-shoes religious ass.
“How could you, Diane?”
Diane did not stop her work at the sink. “How could I what?”
Madge’s chest rose and fell with emotion, and her eyes became moist and pink. “I’ve always loved Tracy, you know that. And if I had known what you were doing to that child—!” Her voice cracked tearfully.
Diane released the plate in her hand—it clattered back into the sink—but still did not face her visitors. “What?” she challenged. “What you woulda did, Madge?”
“I would not have let you raise her!”
Diane spun around to face them. She was incredulous. “Let me raise her?” She laughed. “And how was you gon’ stop that, Madge?”
Madge opened her mouth as if to respond, then shot a glance at Ed and remained quiet.
Diane chuckled again and sneered. “The real problem is you couldn’t stand the fact that I had a child when yo dried-up ass couldn’t have none!”
“That’s not necessary, Diane,” reprimanded Ed.
“It’s true! Madge always was jealous of me! Even when we was children! That’s what this about!”
“No,” denied Madge, “this is about you abusing that child! Beating her until she’s bruised and bleeding! Stabbing her! Burning her!” She succumbed to sobbing but continued with vehemence. “That’s what this is about, Diane! Don’t try to turn it into something else!”
“I ain’t turnin’ it into nothin’ else ’cause it ain’t ’bout nothin’ else! Tracy done told y’all a buncha lies, that’s all, and like a fool you done fell for it. Like you always do!”
Madge was no longer sobbing. “Oh, so she’s lying about Charles coming into her room and touching her.” It was a truth Tracy had admitted to Madge after Grace left them an hour ago.
“He wadn’t tryna touch her! He thought he was in our room!”
“Oh, goodness, Diane….”
“He was drunk!”
“I’m sure he was.”
“I don’t give a fuck whether you believe it or not, Madge! I know what happened! All Tracy do is lie!”
“And so it was Virginia Daggett and her friends who beat her in August.”
“I ain’t got to answer to you. Who the hell you think you is?”
“And I guess Virginia Daggett put hot steel and cigarettes on her skin.”
“Yeah! Yeah!” answered Diane with sarcasm. “She did that, too.”
Madge looked at Diane, fascinated and repelled. “You’re unbelievable.”
“No—you the one unbelievable! Comin’ up in here like y’all the damn p’lice! Tellin’ me you gon’ keep my chile. I wanna see you try!”
Ed’s interruption was the calm, unflinching voice of the military officer. “It’s really simple, Diane: You can either voluntarily turn over legal custody of Tracy to us, or we’ll take you to court and you will lose her because we will find every person in this project who’s ever seen a bruise on that girl, or seen you drunk or high, who knows every man you’ve ever screwed and every woman you’ve ever fought, and who has seen you with a crack pipe in your mouth in the presence of your daughter—and have them testify about your fitness as a mother. And I think you know how that’ll turn out.”
Diane glared up at Ed with so much contempt her eyes watered from the effort. Unable to do anything else, she chuckled. “Y’all think y’all hurtin’ me? Y’all ain’t hurtin’ me. Take Tracy!” she offered. “I don’t give a shit. I never wanted her, anyway.”
Madge glanced worriedly at Tracy’s bedroom door.
“What?” Diane mocked. “You scared she gon’ hear? You think she don’t already know? I never wanted her, Madge, you know that. And you know why.”
The sisters looked swiftly at each other, stiff with the dread of those sharing unspeakable knowledge.
“Then why didn’t you let me have her, Diane? You knew I wanted a child and you knew I loved her. Why didn’t you just let me have her?”
The look on Diane’s face was that of someone savoring, actually enjoying, the taste of a deadly potion. “’Cause,” she answered frankly, “I knew that’s what you wanted.”
The room grew still. Between the two sisters, contempt breathed. And then Tracy walked out of the bedroom with suitcases in hand.
Ed immediately stepped forward and took the burdens from the girl. “I got it,” he said softly, placing the pieces near the front door. Tracy reentered the bedroom and a moment later reappeared with the rest of the baggage, as well as a pillowcase stuffed with items. She handed these also to her uncle.
“You have everything you want?” Madge asked. “Make sure,” she added meaningfully.
The girl lowered her head and spoke softly. “I got everything.”
Madge looked at Diane. When she spoke again, it was with a chilling resolve that impressed even her husband. “If you ever put your hands on that child again, Diane, I swear to Jehovah I will choke you to death with my own hands.”
Diane feigned surprise. “Oooo. Miss Jee-hovah Witness talkin’ like that?” She feigned a shudder. “I’m so scared.”
“You should be,” Ed warned.
Diane looked at the tall ex-military leader and was silent. Tracy stood away from the adults, near the front door, regarding the scene with awe and satisfaction—and fear, for she knew her mother’s propensity to explode. Diane cocked her head to dramatically indicate she had shifted her gaze from the two adults standing before her to the teen standing behind them. “Don’t think you did sump’m here. You always gon’ have to answer to me!”
Madge and Ed turned to leave.
“Let’s go, Tracy.”
The visitors moved to the front door.
“You hear me? They don’t care nothin’ ’bout you!”
Tracy opened the door for her uncle, whose hands were full, and her aunt, who placed an arm around the girl’s shoulders as they walked out.
“Who wanna stupid chile? A dummy? They just wanna get income tax offa you!”
The three visitors had crossed the threshold, and Madge now closed the door behind them.
Diane rushed to the door and yanked it open. Into the dark night, through the mesh of the screen door, she yelled, “You love her so much, Madge, tell ’er the truth!”
Madge secured her arm around Tracy’s shoulders and hurried forward.
“Tell ’er the truth!” Diane hesitated. “Or the next time I see her, I will!”
They continued along the sidewalk, on their way to the Buick parked at the curb. “The truth about what?” Tracy asked her aunt softly.
“Never mind,” said Madge. “It’s not anything you need to know right now.”


Chapter Fifty-One
MOTHERLESS CHILD
Wanda Carver was not pretty, and she knew it.
Her hair was too fine and short—it wouldn’t grow longer than a finger—and so for most of her life, it looked like a boy’s scraggly afro. Once, when she was fourteen, she went to a beauty shop and let a stylist give her a perm. The style, a blow-dried cut-and-feathered crop with matador locks, lasted one week before the hair began to revert to kinks. Desperate to hold onto the look, Wanda found a hot comb her mother must have left behind on a visit and began applying it, searing hot, to her hair every few days. Still, the hair had always reverted, in an uneven pattern, to its natural state, so that while most of the hair remained slick with greasy water, the edges were kinky. On top of that, whenever she had used the hot comb, she burned her fingers and forehead and earlobes. So when her oldest brother walked out of the bathroom one day, his tightly coiled dry hair suddenly a glistening collection of damp soft curls, Wanda knew she had found the answer to her problem. True, the perm box had a man’s head on it, but the texture perms were inexpensive and easy to apply, and she had learned which strength to buy for her hair (mild), and the length of time (eight minutes) to get the desired results (tightly curled wet locks that gradually grew into a soft brown cloud). And the curly-perm afro could endure a whole four weeks of basketball and softball games, footraces and skateboarding, before it lost all its effects.
But still Wanda was far from satisfied with her appearance.
For one thing, there was the birthmark. Her earliest memories included the screwed facial expressions of taunting children. Ooo! What’s that on your face? and Ugh! She’s gotta white thing ’round her eye! And the curious stares of adults who didn’t know what to say or ask but whose silence filled Wanda’s ears, nonetheless. And the adults who thought they knew the right things to say. Oh, what’s that around the baby’s eye? A birthmark? Oooh, come here and let me give you a hug!—which translated in Wanda’s young mind as a reason to feel ashamed of the blemish, for it prompted pity. Only around people she knew well—her brothers and the boys in the neighborhood, who had gotten to know her as the agile little athlete who was a valuable teammate—only around them could she relax and even completely forget about the blotch. But in the company of strangers, or at Beck, where many of the girls were perfect, she remained acutely aware of the blemish and could even see its glaring whiteness whenever her cheeks lifted in a smile. In such circumstances her skin glistened with embarrassment, especially if she overheard remarks made by new Beck and Langston students who spotted her for the first time. Ooo! What’s that thing on her face! and Ugh! What’s that around her eye? Often, to prevent an onslaught of tears kindled by the unkind remarks, Wanda would do something zany or blurt a joke that elicited laughs from others. Only in private did she cry, away from her brothers and neighborhood playmates—they would be surprised that she ever cried. And in those quiet moments she would think of her mother, a beautiful woman whom Wanda was convinced left the family not to become an actress but because her only daughter came into the world with none of her mother’s beauty but with, of all things, a horrid mark of imperfection.
And the birthmark wasn’t Wanda’s only cause of distress. The fingers that were nimble enough to throw a knuckleball or pump in free throws were no good for making things pretty or keeping them that way. Hence, surprise stains always appeared on Wanda’s pair of the white tennis shoes Miz Grace gave her Girls to wear. Both last year and this season, the other Grace Girls always managed to remain clean and neat for games and pep rallies. The fabric of their sneakers glowed white, their tawny warm-ups retained a sheen, and the burgundy of their T-shirts remained rich and deep, even at the end of the season.
Not so with Wanda.
By the third pep rally of the season, her tennis shoes had accumulated black scuff marks and begun to look off-white, which surprised her because she washed the shoes alone and poured into the washing machine plenty of bleach for the task. And she was discouraged to find, after pulling the burgundy pep-rally shirt from the dryer at home, that dark lint had attached itself to the white lettering on the back, the letters that spelled her last name, and Wanda knew that before the season was over, the CARVER stood a good chance of having a letter missing—it had happened last year—so that she would end up being the only Grace Girl looking ridiculous and unkempt. She also knew that when it came to that, she would resort to her bag of tricks and rely on the best defense she had against ridicule: her clown suit.
Nobody could see the suit, but they knew she had it on because it was the thing that made her the star of boring classes—cracking jokes at the right time, placing tacks in strategic places, imitating gay Mr. Blocker when he wasn’t looking. The clown suit assured that people would laugh not at her but at the things she did. And having others laugh at her antics was better than having them laugh at her hair and skin and ill-fitting clothes. Which was another thing. At Beck, fashion, brand names and malls mattered very much, which was another reason Wanda felt alien at school. With a workaholic father and four rowdy brothers, her early years had not provided her with impressions of femininity, so even if she had owned the desire to dress up, she had no one at home to contribute to the cause. On top of that, she believed her body unsuited for the effort. With a high waistline and pigeon-toed feet and an undeveloped torso, she imagined she would look ridiculous in the fashions the pretty girls at Beck wore, the girly blouses and flair-leg slacks and sandals. And so she never tried.
Adding to Wanda’s discomfiture was the fact that even though she lagged behind the maturity of her schoolmates’ bodies, she also no longer matched the maturation of her childhood playmates, the boys with whom she had run around the neighborhood, lean and inexhaustible and sweaty, for as a child, she was as fast-moving and capable, even more so, than most of them. And could hit a baseball out of the park. And could make a home-run slide on her belly and catch a fly ball and pitch bullets. And when they played basketball, she could easily steal because she was small and quick and had the ability to feign inattention, so that many plays ended with her ducking beneath an arm and taking off with the ball.
But now, she no longer had the cute narrowness of a little boy. Her behind had softened last year, which she observed whenever she looked at it in the mirror, and the small protuberances on her chest were an annoyance she was unable to conceal. An annoyance, because now the neighborhood boys acted amused when she wanted to play ball with them. “Wanda? You wanna play? Okay, Wanda, you can play,” they would say, as if granting her a favor. She knew it was because they saw the little bulges on her chest and thought these would prevent her from making any more belly slides. And she knew it was because she had seemed to stop growing while they continued into heavier, muscular versions of themselves and so thought they might hurt her under the basket. She knew, too, that they saw her broadened behind, which wouldn’t let them forget that she was no longer one of them but was now to be treated differently in athletic contests because she had become a girl.
But they were wrong. She wasn’t a girl as much as she was a child. For when you’re a child, people don’t care if you get sweaty and dirty and run around all day, and yell and scream on the court and field. People understand if you find it impossible to keep your school clothes clean, and people don’t care if your hair isn’t pretty or your skin has blackheads. People don’t care if you fail to brush your teeth for two whole days, or if you forget to wash your face, or if you have dirt under your fingernails. Because you’re a child, and that’s what children do.
But now she wasn’t a child anymore, she knew this. She was a girl—or something close to it.
She would never admit it to anyone, but something inside her always twitched uncomfortably whenever anyone called her a Grace Girl. She felt the same discomfort when a teacher glared at her after one of her pranks and reproved, “All right, young lady!” She wasn’t a young lady or a girl, didn’t they know that? Couldn’t they see that she was still a child? Or something close to it?
And most bothersome to her was standing in the bathroom, washing her hands, and having one of the Pretty Girls come in and stand at a nearby sink. The Pretty Girl would open her purse and pull out lipstick and put it on and suck her lips and look at herself in the mirror with feigned disapproval. Then the Pretty Girl would glance at Wanda, and Wanda would quickly look back at her hands under the running water, and only then, because they had made eye contact, would the Pretty Girl say, “How are you?” And then Wanda would have to look at the girl and say, “Fine.” Wanda would never ask, in return, how the girl was doing, because it was obvious to her how the Pretty Girl was doing—she was pretty. And Wanda was not. And at such times, she would glance at her own reflection in the mirror and see the huge white splotch and greasy skin—but it was always only a glance, because she didn’t want the Pretty Girl to see her and laugh and say, “What’re you looking at? Only Pretty Girls are supposed to look in mirrors, because they’re the only ones who have something to look at!”
And so Wanda would leave the sink, hands only half-washed, and leave the mirror for the Pretty Girl, since Pretty Girls were the only kind of girls who were supposed to use mirrors, and Wanda would walk out of the bathroom and think about the few men’s restrooms that accommodated the small male faculty and staff at Beck. She wondered if she would fit in better standing in front of the mirrors in those rooms, for in them there would be no pretty creature whose appearance would highlight Wanda’s lack, and no embarrassing female body parts to see while people changed clothes. People like Sheila Roundtree and her friends. Girls so comfortable with being girls that they didn’t mind if other people saw them in their underwear—or out. Girls who were foreign to Wanda. And because she did not feel adequate in their presence and felt they regarded her with contempt, Wanda was only able to function in the presence of Pretty Girls by wearing the clown suit.
But it was different with Tracy Sullivan. Wanda had initially believed Tracy to be a Pretty Girl, but she soon realized Tracy didn’t exactly fit the profile because she was nice and not stuck up and, unlike a real Pretty Girl, participated in sports instead of standing on the sidelines, cheering. And while Tracy was definitely an athlete, she still dressed and acted like a girl, and yesterday had come to school with a new hairstyle and makeup and shoes people said came from Neiman Marcus. But despite that, Tracy didn’t associate with the other Pretty Girls at Beck. She didn’t associate much with anyone, except Miz Grace, which was why Wanda was not sure how to feel about Tracy Sullivan—whether to steer clear of the girl or hang around quietly in her presence or play a prank on her. She remembered the first time she saw Miz Grace staring at Tracy. It was during tryouts, and Wanda overheard one of the trainers say that Miz Grace was “impressed with number 48,” and from that moment on, something possessed Wanda, something that left her fidgety and restless and urged her to tell more jokes and pull more pranks—irrational pranks such as slapping people across their heads for no reason, or stealing their pencils in class. Pranks she had hoped would get the attention of the ultimate Pretty Girl, Miz Grace, who had, since the arrival of Tracy Sullivan, completely forgotten about Wanda.
This was a betrayal, as far as Wanda was concerned, for she had always believed herself to be Miz Grace’s only pet—or at least the closest thing to a pet the coach had at Beck. Miz Grace would call on her for answers to questions no one else was brave or knowledgeable enough to answer. During last year’s season, Miz Grace had relied on Wanda’s speed and agility and quick hands to get the Grace Girls out of tight spots. And Wanda had expected to start on this year’s team—and would have, too, had Tracy not shown up. If Wanda had been a girl who could hate, Tracy would have been a definite recipient. But there was something so gentle and likeable about the soft-spoken pretty girl that Wanda found it impossible to dislike Tracy. She disliked Tracy’s friendship with Miz Grace, and was certainly stung with jealousy by it, but she didn’t dislike the girl herself.
That left Miz Grace.
Like Wanda’s own mother, Miz Grace had trampled Wanda’s little heart, leaving the girl abruptly and without explanation, and so Wanda found it possible to direct her anger at the coach. And for Wanda, anger manifested itself by wearing extra layers of the clown suit. And so the antics increased, occurring during classes and in the cafeteria and in the locker room and on the court—antics she hoped would grab the disapproval of someone in charge so that the matter could be brought before Miz Grace, who would then have reason—finally!—to turn her attention again to Wanda Carver and give the girl a gentle squeeze of the shoulder or an intense stare that said, I understand you and I care about you and we have something special. Attention that had manifested itself in a dream Wanda had last year, a dream in which Miz Grace had bent forward and placed a tender, gentle kiss on Wanda’s face, next to her mouth. It was a dream that had burned with such reality that for days afterwards she was unable to look at the coach without burning with bashfulness.
Maybe such a thing would happen at the Christmas Eve party. At Miz Grace’s house! To be invited there was a dream come true for Wanda, for many a day she had languished in class or at home, fantasizing about just such a thing. About being invited, her alone, to the woman’s beautiful mansion that Wanda had heard about. About being invited, once there, to the woman’s bedroom so that they could watch TV together in bed and then snuggle and sleep. And now it was to come true! Next week! Well—not exactly the way she had imagined, because she hadn’t been invited alone, nor was she to spend the night. But she was going! And the best part about it was that Tracy wasn’t going to be there! Wanda was thrilled about that, for maybe, with Miz Grace’s shy Pretty Girl out of sight, Wanda could recapture the love Miz Grace had given her in the days before Tracy Sullivan. Such special and close attention was, for Wanda, the affection she had craved all her life. The affection, however limited, that had become her only reason for getting out of bed some mornings.
In the absence of the affection, Wanda had taken to doing something she knew her peers would find surprising, in view of the assistant principal’s reputation for being a witch. In the wake of a private scolding for some prank or another, Wanda had returned several times to the office of Dr. Samantha Shears, ostensibly to chat about a student concern but actually to bask in the private attention received from a woman in authority. And Wanda was happy to note that, far from being annoyed by the brief visits, as Dr. Shears had seemed in the beginning, the assistant principal now seemed to welcome Wanda’s appearances, expressing deep interest in the girl’s life, especially in anything that had to do with the team and Miz Grace.


Chapter Fifty-Two
DEPRAVITY
Grace stepped from the cold wet shower stall, her flesh frigid and drawn and dripping with cold water, in stark contrast with the air in the bathroom, which was still warm and steamy from the whirlpool bath she’d finished earlier. Now, refreshed and alert, she dried off with a towel and slipped into her silk robe. She stroked on deodorant, picked up a bottle of body cream from the sink’s counter, and walked back into the bedroom, where Darrel lay on the bed, feet crossed and hands clasped behind his head, watching an action movie on the room’s large-screen TV. He wore pajama pants and socks and was shirtless, which exposed the smooth hairless skin of his broad chest. His presence annoyed Grace. For nearly a month now, ever since she had refused to accompany him to Alabama for Thanksgiving, he had begun sleeping in the basement whenever he was in town. Grace had not minded and had said nothing to him about it; she was too absorbed with the team to play mother to his sulking child. But now, here he was, head supported by pillows, reclining on his side of the bed as if she wanted him there.
She walked over to her chest of drawers and slid open a drawer to search for something to wear to bed. The TV’s volume decreased until it became faint background noise. She braced herself. The lowered volume meant Darrel wanted to talk.
“Hey,” he greeted.
She stifled a sigh, looked at him, stretched her lips into a brief mirthless smile, and then resumed her search for sleepwear.
Darrel sighed loudly and the TV’s volume rose back to a level slightly higher than before. Grace exhaled with relief and fingered the stack of neatly folded silk pajamas in the drawer before choosing a lime set. She walked over to the bed with it, where she removed her robe and stood, naked, next to the mattress. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Darrel watching her; his stare pressed against the side of her face and felt like an intrusion. But she did not move away; this was, after all, her bedroom, and she was not going to let him run her out of it or alter her nightly routine. Besides, she took malicious pleasure in knowing that even as they operated in silent resentment, he would become distracted by her nudity—a condition the pleasure of which she determined to keep from him.
She sat on her side of the bed with her back to him, opened the bottle of body cream and poured it into her palm. She rubbed the scented moisturizer into the skin of her limbs and glanced at Darrel. He intently kept his eyes fixed on the screen. She glanced at the TV, whose volume seemed to blare in the space of their silence. Sylvester Stallone’s bloody and sweaty face filled the screen, while behind him something exploded and burned.
“Can you turn that down, please?” It was not a question but an order. She poured more of the moisturizer into her hand. Rubbing her palms together to distribute the cream, she noticed Darrel’s immobility and feared he would not obey, thus forcing them into an argument. But momentarily he picked up the remote and pressed the button that lowered the volume—slightly.
She stood, sighed with annoyance, and began rubbing the moisturizer on her belly, sliding her hands up to her breasts. She was facing the bed now and could see herself in the wall of mirrors on the other side of the room, along with Darrel’s profile—his head and reclining torso and long legs. She also saw it when his eyes fell on her. She continued to massage her breasts and then looked at him. He drew his eyes away from her chest and looked at her face. In his eyes was the meek expression of one in need. Grace glanced at the lap of his pajama pants, where a tent had formed, and felt a flash of triumph. She picked up her pajama pants.
The TV volume decreased again.
“Grace?”
She did not look at him but slid the pants onto her body.
“Grace—”
“I’m tired,” she interrupted, speaking softly.
“I didn’t even ask you anything,” he protested.
“I know what you’re going to ask.”
He scoffed and fell silent. She slipped the silk shirt on and buttoned it. He watched as she folded back the comforter and top sheet and slipped into bed. From the nightstand drawer, Grace retrieved her sleep mask and placed it around her head. She lay down on her back and pulled the burgundy silk patches down over her eyes. “Good night,” she said but Darrel was silent. And then:
“Grace?”
She lay with her hands folded neatly on her breast, the way she always slept, and did not move. He reached over and touched her on the arm, and she flinched.
“Grace—”
“I said I’m tired.” She turned away from him. Behind her, his voice prodded like a broken mattress spring.
“It’s been two fucking months, Grace.”
She said nothing.
“What’s the problem?” he asked tartly. “You need me to be somebody else? Is that it?”
Behind her mask, Grace sighed. She didn’t know what Darrel meant, exactly, but she also was not in the mood to argue. “What are you talking about?” she asked wearily.
“You know what I’m talking about,” he insisted vehemently. “You seeing somebody else? When I’m on the road?”
Grace pushed off her sleep mask, turned her head on the pillow, and looked at him in disbelief. “Don’t be ridiculous,” she advised.
“I’m not being ridiculous!” he answered. “Look at the situation, Grace. I’m gone most of the time. You’re here by yourself. You’re a good-looking woman. And even though you never talk about it, I know men hit on you. And we both know how you act when I come home—like you’re already satisfied and so what the hell do you need me for. You don’t even act like you’re happy I’m home. More like you tolerate me. Like you can’t wait for me to leave! And then I think about you and that damn condo—how you skip off there and don’t want me there. I don’t think I’m being ridiculous at all, Grace.”
She raised her body onto her elbow and for a moment studied him in disbelief. He was serious! She shook her head in amusement because if either of them had reason to worry about the other’s faithfulness, it was her. On top of that, he knew her well enough to know that her life was guided by codes—the code of sportsmanship, the code of academic integrity, the code of honest, hard work—from which she rarely deviated, so he should know better than to suspect her of cheating! Still, in that moment she recognized the sincerity in his eyes, the fear, and felt sympathy for him.
“Darrel,” she said, impaling him with a penetrating stare, “I am not sleeping with anybody else. Okay?”
He hesitated. Knew her well enough to know she was being truthful. “Then what the hell is your problem, Grace?” he asked sincerely.
She sighed and lay down again, turning her back to him. “I don’t have a problem,” she said softly, readjusting the sleep mask so that it again covered her eyes. She felt a twinge of guilt as she lay on the mattress, for she knew she was the problem.
“Yeah. You do, Grace.” Darrel’s voice behind her was soft and defeated, a quality she had never heard in it before. “You do. And I’m tired of dealing with it.”
She lay in blindness behind the mask and felt a spasm of stress in her belly, her body’s response to apprehension. He was tired. Of them. Of her. Finally. And so did that mean he was leaving? While she did enjoy solitude—he was right about that—for some reason now, as she imagined Darrel gone permanently, his closet empty and the basement changed into unused space, the idea of singleness sent a shaft of fear through the center of her emotions. She was becoming happier in other areas of life—at school, with the Girls, especially with dear Tracy. Well, okay, in the other area of her life, because there was really only one. But hadn’t she invited the Girls to her home for dinner day-after-tomorrow? Something she never would have done before! Not even for the reason she had done it this time, which was to control any damage their morale might have suffered from her friendship with Tracy. But still, she had done it, had decided to open up her home to them, so she was becoming more open, as Dr. Curtis had suggested she do. And hadn’t she actually enjoyed the visit with Tracy’s aunt? Like a normal woman? Yes! So she was becoming better, and she had promised herself that she would extend this new openness to Darrel. But. The moment he came home—well, no, the moment he asked for sex, there she was again, the old Grace. The one who shut down angrily and became impenetrable in every way.
Still—and she sighed as she lay on her side, face hidden behind the mask—she didn’t want Darrel to leave. Not officially and permanently. Because how could she afford the mansion without him? She would have to move, and she didn’t want that because she loved her home. And whatever monies he supplied in alimony or a settlement would likely not cover the expenses involved in maintaining a property like Gracewood. And there was no guarantee she would even get the house—that he would even allow it or that a judge would grant it to her. And if somehow she did end up the possessor of it, what would be the point of living alone in so big a place? The size of the house, the acreage, would magnify and mock her singleness. So, no, she did not want him to leave.
“What do you want me to do about it, Darrel?”
“I honestly don’t think there’s anything you can do at this point, Grace.”
“Then,” she asked, “why are we having this conversation?”
“Good point,” he said, and the volume of the TV flew into loudness. Stallone’s resonant voice and slurred speech. Things blowing up. Gunfire.
Behind her mask, Grace closed her eyes, sighed heavily, and hoped that Darrel’s pouting would not last all night so that she could get some sleep.
* * *
“Mm Mm! Ah-Ah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah, baby!”
The woman’s moans of ostensible pleasure emanated from the television set and penetrated Grace’s shroud of sleep. Behind her sleep mask, her eyes opened in disbelief. Surely, she was mistaken. Darrel was not that stupid. She lifted her head from the pillow, pulled off the mask, saw the naked bodies on the screen, and glared at the man beside her. Darrel reclined with pillows wedged between his back and the headboard. As before, he lay with his feet crossed and hands clasped behind his head. In response to her awakening glare, he glanced at her with disregard before staring again at the TV. Grace bristled. At the same time, she noticed the tangled mass of black hair in Darrel’s armpits and felt repulsed.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“The hell does it look like?”
“It looks like you’ve lost your goddamn mind, because that’s the only way you’d bring that filth into my bedroom!”
Darrel scoffed. “Well, now, see, that’s where you’re wrong, Grace,” he said. “It’s not just your bedroom, it’s mine, too—I pay for this shit. Which means I can watch this anywhere I want to, including here. Especially here. Man oughtta be able to watch a dirty movie in his bed, if he wants to.”
She stared at him. “You bastard. You know how I feel about those things.”
“Then go to sleep.”
“I was asleep! Until you woke me up with that—garbage!”
“Maybe you oughtta watch the garbage. Might do you some good.”
She glared, frustrated. “Fuck you,” she said and turned away from him to lie back down, her body hot with anger.
“I wish you meant that,” he retorted.
Grace lay on the pillow and fumed. He was paying her back for denying him for so long, that’s what this was about, and even though she knew he had a right to be angry, still she hated him for using pornography as a weapon. She had established a rule early in their marriage, when he asked timidly how she felt about watching sex films. She had made very clear her stance on the matter. Of course, she never told him why, never told him the origin of her disgust, but that was not his business to know. He only needed to know that the explicit representations filled her with revulsion and so she wanted none of it in her home—and if not that, certainly not above the basement level.
But now, here he was.
Since her back was to Darrel and she hadn’t replaced the mask, Grace peered reluctantly at the large screen beyond their feet. An orgy was taking place, with three white couples engaging in oral, anal and vaginal acts. Grace squeezed her eyes shut and felt overwhelmed by repugnance for the activities on the screen, and for the man lying behind her. Darrel shifted his weight and Grace felt the bedding move on his side of the mattress. He had slipped beneath the covers and so she tensed, ready to physically attack if he touched her. She waited, but to her relief he made no move in her direction. The pervert. Getting aroused by what he was watching. How had she ended up with someone like him!
The TV moans turned into screams of orgasm. Grace opened her eyes, closed them again, tried to block out the sounds, but the woman’s cries—what they were supposed to imply—worked their way into Grace’s emotions until, in the region below her navel, a hot flash of arousal burned intensely for a second before dissipating. The bodily reaction surprised her—and angered her, because it signified a lack of self-control. She snapped at Darrel. “I wish you’d turn that shit off!”
“I will. When I’m done.”
And then she felt and heard it—a soft repetitive noise, a rhythmic disturbance on the mattress. Astounded, she twisted her neck to look behind her. Darrel lay as before, but his legs and lap were draped by the comforter, and one of his hands was beneath the covers—which fluttered with each movement of his concealed hand.
Grace’s hot face was instantly moist with embarrassment and hurt, because in more than three years of acquaintance she had never seen Darrel masturbate. And during their two-and-a-half- year marriage he had always, up till now, respected her enough to keep the tapes and any notion of self-gratification out of sight. But now, here he was. She glared at him but he ignored her and kept watching the screen. When he closed his eyes and tilted back his head in pleasure, she turned away in disgust and lay down again, not sure what to do, how to handle this new situation. Yes, she meant what she had once told Dr. Curtis—she hated Darrel sometimes. Despite the public’s perception of him as a man of gentle manners, she knew he still behaved, at times, like an uncouth country boy of crude breeding, burping audibly and releasing awful gas and thinking it funny. And now, here he was, lying next to her, his wife, shamelessly stroking himself into arousal because of some low-budget exhibitionists. Grace moved closer to the edge of the bed. She had to grip the lip of the mattress to keep from falling over the side, but she needed to get far away from Darrel. That was best, because she was convinced that if there had been a knife nearby, and if he had tried to touch her in that moment, she would have reached back and stabbed him with it.
More screams from the TV. The second couple was climaxing. Grace closed her eyes to keep from seeing on the screen the spurts of the man’s white discharge—but she did not close them quickly enough and so caught sight of the sticky fluid. It was too much—she was on her feet before she knew it, and she couldn’t stop. She fled to the bathroom, where she closed the door and hurried to the toilet bowl. Was her body really going to do it, or did she just think it was—no, she believed the sensation was genuine, yes, it was, and so she bent over the bowl and gagged. A liquidated form of her dinner—fruit salad, tuna, Perrier—ejected from her throat and spewed out of her mouth, falling into the blue scented water below. She waited. Another heave brought up the rest. The attack left her panting and disgusted—and angry, because it meant a momentary loss of bodily control. She stood above the bowl, waiting again, but her body was silent, the nausea gone. She flushed the bowl and went to the sink, where she rinsed her mouth with water, brushed her teeth, flossed, rinsed with water, brushed again, rinsed with the sulfur remover, rinsed with mouthwash, and rinsed her face with water. With the faucet turned off, the bathroom was silent, so she listened for sounds coming from the bedroom. There were still TV noises, but they were softer—he had lowered the volume—and so she couldn’t be sure what he was watching.
She found out.
As soon as she emerged from the bathroom, the images struck her. A new scene, strains of poor-quality music—and two women. Sitting on a sofa, largely unclad, involved in deep kissing. Grace’s face grew hot again, this time with embarrassment alone. Her eyes went to Darrel, hoping he did not look at her, at her reaction, at her eyes. He stared at the screen, mesmerized, his hand moving quickly beneath the covers. She did not know him like this—relentless in his defiance, openly lusting after other people, reveling in perversion. She wanted him out of her bed—now—but decided it would be easier to let him have the win tonight. She slipped into bed again and turned away from him and the TV.
Ohhhhhh…yes. Yes, baby, lick it good.
Grace turned her head. Saw them. They had advanced to cunnilingus. Her face flamed and she jerked her gaze away from the screen. Caught her own reflection in the wall of mirrors on the other side of the room. Heard the womanly moans continue but would not turn her head, refused to look again at the performance. No. Nor would she—could she—stay within hearing of their affected pleasure. She would sleep in a guest suite but would deal with Darrel and this shit tomorrow. She left the room, throwing back a warning, calmly spoken.
“If there was any chance for us...you just killed it.”
* * *
He turned out the lights and made her sit in the soft chair positioned before the wall. The wall was blank and the house was hot. She knew what it meant when he shut off the fans and let things get hot. Behind the chair where she sat was a table on which rested a reel movie projector. The little girl began to whimper, for she knew what watching the movies meant. She knew he would start the projector and walk around to the chair and place her on his lap. Knew he would force her to sit with him and feel his hot belly against her back and the stream of air from his nostrils, warming the back of her neck—but the warmth made her cold. And she knew that as he watched the naked white people doing nasty things on the wall, he would start rubbing her body and moving his thighs. And then he would grab her around the waist and press her down against his lap, and he would make her bottom slide against his hard thing, and she would cry, and he would not care. And she knew that eventually the breath from his nostrils would become rivets of hot air that smelled like heated fruit—the clear brown liquid he drank that made him drunk; and like burnt tea leaves—the skinny brown cigarettes he smoked; and like old Christmas candy cane—the peppermint gum he liked to chew; and like dead and bloated animals—his tongue. And she knew that he would lick her face and kiss her in the mouth with his tongue, which was coated and slick, and that she would cry, and that he would not care. And so now, as he made his way around the chair, she pressed her thighs together and squeezed her eyes shut and clenched her fists and began to weep. But she knew he would not care.


Chapter Fifty-Three
LA FEMME EN ROUGE
The two skycaps, smartly dressed in navy uniforms, pushed the cart of leather Gucci luggage and tried to keep up with the statuesque woman in red who walked before them. She moved through the airport with the long purposeful strides of someone accustomed to meeting deadlines, someone adept at flowing through crowds, someone always with some place to go. Beside the tall woman trotted a diminutive redhead, a freckled, bespectacled administrative assistant who had retained the grim plainness of her early life as a North Dakota farm girl. Like the skycaps, she struggled to keep pace with the leggy woman in red. Heads turned as the group streaked by, but the tall woman seemed unfazed by the looks. In fact, at a height of six-one (six-three, in heels) and 150 pounds, with artistic proportions, photogenic features, a glowing brown complexion and perfectly styled shoulder-length black hair, she possessed a beauty that shocked the senses and so was used to being the object of double-takes. Besides, she knew people recognized her.
In moments, the woman approached sliding glass doors that parted at her presence. She stepped outside the airport terminal and paused. Against the bleak backdrop of the gray winter day, she dazzled in a tailored crimson outfit, a wool Roberto Cavalli skirt and jacket with a gold silk lining and black silk blouse. A red broad-brimmed Christian Dior hat rested on her head at a sporty angle. In her fingers—the nails were long and elegant and painted fire-engine red—she gripped a black leather Carlos Falchi clutch purse. On each hand, a remarkable Cartier diamond ring glittered, and hugging her wrist was a white-gold Piaget watch. The two-toned stiletto pumps on her feet, top-of-the-line Stuart Weitzman, combined the colors of her outfit and she struck a languid pose that, with one leg extended, revealed the shapeliness of her calves.
Behind her, the red-haired assistant and skycaps hurried through the door, the cart of luggage bumping and squeaking across the threshold before the uniformed men. The woman in red looked at her assistant. Without hesitation, the helper reached into her leather carry-on and extracted a black cell phone. She speed-dialed a number, spoke into the receiver, and handed the phone to her boss. The woman in red smiled. “Thank you,” she said pleasantly, put the phone to her ear, and spoke.
“Johnny, hi….Landed safely, thank God, how are you?…No, I believe I see your driver now. You’re my knight, Johnny. That’s why I love you....Did you check things out again? The party’s still on?….Great. Fabulous. Are you kidding?—crashing’s my thing!” She hesitated, listening, and then, in the manner of a blushing lover, laughed softly and chided, “Alright now. You’re talking like a man in search of a very Merry Christmas. Too bad I’m in no position to give it to you.” She chuckled, smoothly bid, “Goodbye, Johnny. Be blessed,” and hung up.
The woman handed the phone to her assistant just as a polished black limo stopped in front of her. Immediately, the trunk sprang open and the liveried driver leapt from the car and hurried around to open the passenger door for the women. “Good evening, ma’am. Johnny Gibson sent me for you,” he said pleasantly as he approached them.
The tall woman smiled flirtatiously at the man. “Of course. Johnny knows I like being picked up by handsome young men.”
The driver blushed and smiled, managed a stammered thank you, then politely addressed the red-haired assistant with a nod. “Ma’am.”
“Hello,” replied the assistant.
The driver opened the door and waited beside it. The beautiful black woman and her dowdy white assistant did not enter the car immediately but lingered near the trunk to watch the skycaps deposit the luggage. When the young men were finished, the gorgeous one handed each a crisp bill she had secured from the assistant. “That’s for keeping up with me in there,” she said, tossing her head slightly in the direction of the terminal.
The men thanked her politely, but when they saw the value of the bills she had handed them, their bashful grins became cries of wonder and glee, and they almost shouted their appreciation.
“Whoo! Thank you, ma’am!”
“Thanks, Reverend!”
“You’re welcome,” she said as she began entering the car. “Merry Christmas.”
“You, too!” the men chimed.
The limo driver, standing patiently at the open passenger door, watched as his beautiful client folded her elegant frame into the luxurious interior of the car. She was a minister, he knew, but it was not her theological status that impressed him at that moment, nor was it entirely the fact that she had handed each skycap a hundred-dollar bill. Rather, it was her long and shapely legs that most captivated him. Yards of legs that instantly made him regret he was not a part of her world, not a godly man, not a born-again Christian—not even a churchgoer. Made him ache with regret that he did not live in California, where the woman’s church was located, for then he might have had a chance, even a hope of seeing her on a regular basis, and maybe even— The driver’s reverie halted. The short white woman with the plain freckled face and round glasses moved into his field of vision as she followed her employer into the back seat. The driver smiled politely at the assistant and then carefully closed the door behind them.
Inside, Charmaine Miller spied the car’s miniature bar and reached for a tumbler. “Praise God,” she said appreciatively. “Johnny thinks of everything.” She picked up the snifter and looked questioningly at the assistant. “Join me?”
“Why do you always ask that when you know I don’t drink? And are you sure you want to do that?” cautioned the assistant.
“My nerves are shrieking,” Charmaine explained, removing the glittering glass stopper.
“Yes,” continued the assistant gravely, “but are you sure you want to see your friend, for the first time in twelve years, with liquor-scented breath?”
The fingers halted that held the glass stopper. “Ah. Hadn’t thought of that.” Charmaine replaced the snifter and glass. “Well, I need water, at least. Did you…?” She indicated the small cooler her assistant carried on a strap across her shoulder. The redhead reached into the insulated container and removed a chilled bottle of Perrier water.
Charmaine brightened with delight. “Bless you, Rachel. Where would I be without you?”
“On your way to hell, I suspect,” answered the assistant, reaching for a glass from the bar. With a white handkerchief pulled from a sealed plastic pouch, the assistant wiped the inside of the glass and then twisted the cap of the bottle, which broke open with a soft snapping hiss. Charmaine watched, smiling, as the bubbly clear liquid filled the glass. When the glass was full, Rachel handed it to Charmaine, who immediately brought it to her lips for a long drink.
“Oh, now that is delicious,” she declared after the swallow. “You’re an angel, Rachel. That’s a fact.” The assistant’s expression was reproving. “What?” Charmaine inquired when she noticed it.
“You’re already in enough trouble,” Rachel warned.
Charmaine smiled. “You worry too much.”
“And you don’t worry enough. You have an image to protect, Reverend Miller.”
“My image is fine,” Charmaine assured. She took another drink and savored the water on her tongue.
“For now, at least,” said Rachel. “But in view of what’s coming, you need to be especially careful about what you do. All this flirting and—” She broke off. “You and I both know you only have an occasional drink, but if someone spotted you with the first tumbler you’d held in six months, it’d be ‘Esteemed Female Minister a Jezebel and a Lush!’ You know how reporters are.”
Charmaine sighed heavily and rested her head against the back of the soft gray leather seat. “Yes,” she said wearily. “I know how they are.”
The driver slid open the window that separated his compartment from the women. He turned toward the opening and spoke. “To the Four Seasons, Reverend Miller?”
“Please,” she replied. “And afterwards, I need you to take me to—King Estates?”
“Yes, ma’am,” the man said. “To Mr. Gibson’s?”
“No. I’ve another stop to make in there.”
“Yes, ma’am,” said the driver obediently before sliding the window shut. He faced forward in the seat, put the car into gear, and slowly drove away from the curb.
“I wish you’d let me go with you,” Rachel said to her boss. “So I can watch what you do.”
Charmaine was grave. “I know I’ve given you a gray hair or two, Rachel, over the years, and I appreciate that you keep me in line. But I have to run this errand alone.”
“I don’t know why you have to do it at all.”
“Because this is something she needs to hear from me. Face-to-face. She deserves that much.”
The assistant hesitated, struggling with a thought before continuing her argument. “Maybe so, but I still don’t like the strategy you’ve come up with for countering the news, when it breaks. And the staff agrees with me. You’re admitting more than you have to, and maybe doing so prematurely.”
“You know I’ve never been one to obscure the truth.”
“Yes, but now there’s too much at stake.”
The minister sighed. Hesitated. Spoke softly, with earnestness. “Rachel. I am convinced that part of the reason my ministry is successful is because I’m real with people and they know it. I don’t pretend to be something I’m not. I’m not perfect and I’ve never been afraid to say that. I’m not going to change now.”
“With all due respect, Reverend Miller…your honesty is going to be the death of your ministry.”
Charmaine did not like the prediction but was unable to refute it. For a moment, they rode in brooding silence.
“Just remember,” the assistant finally concluded, a stern warning and a hint of playfulness mingling in her tone, “to behave when you get to King Estates. No flirting or drinking.”
Charmaine scoffed and smiled wryly. “I won’t have a choice,” she said softly and gazed pensively out the window of the moving car.
* * *
The main and lower levels of Gracewood Mansion hummed with jovial talk and laughter. Instrumental jazz renditions of Christmas favorites floated over the house’s sound system, and on television sets in the den, sunroom, and basement, an NFL game and other programs ensued. The catered Christmas Eve dinner, sumptuous and plentiful, burned agreeably in the bellies of the forty or so Gracewood guests, who now sipped eggnog, champagne, colas and punch, and sampled creamy and flaky dessert offerings. In the manner of individuals in a social setting, the guests had drifted into cliques of comfort.
In the warmly furnished den, the majority of the adults congregated. Elizabeth Nelson, Darrel’s mother, a rotund chocolate woman with happy face and gray-streaked hair set in a bun, sat in an overstuffed armchair, dark clasped hands resting on her full belly as she chuckled at the antics and comments of the young people around her, especially the men—Darrel, his brother-in-law Greg, State Supreme Court Judge Elwyn Curtis, Darrel’s teammate Throne, and Darrel’s band mate Bob—who divided their attention between conversing with the wives, watching football, and heartily debating politics and sports. Keyboardist for the Jaznel quartet, Bob smiled often and engaged in banter and intelligent debate with anyone willing to include him in their nets of conversation. Throne Rogers was the Majestics’ six-foot-eight power forward with a languid, fatherly spirit. Judge Curtis, who except for his girth resembled an aging W.E.B. DuBois, sat with arms clasped across his chest, above his ample belly, and occasionally wagged a finger in comment as he conversed with the men and viewed, with the intensity of the avid, the football game. Greg Aaron, a stoutly built factory worker, made passionate contributions to the debates and was glad to have opportunity to spurn his reticent wife, Liz, Darrel’s twenty-seven-year-old sister who sat on the room’s central sofa and idly watched the game. Reserved and condescending, Liz assumed herself and her three-year-old daughter Mia the sophisticated bright-skinned exceptions to her loud, dark, bucolic family. Throne’s wife Angela sat beside Liz and Mia on the sofa and occasionally shared a comment with Liz that had nothing to do with the game they were being forced to watch.
On a loveseat against the wall sat Johnnie Mae, at thirty-five the oldest of the Nelson children. Hefty and strong, loud and bossy, she with a good heart felt it her duty to help Mrs. Gentry supervise the caterers. She also continually threatened into obedience her three children—Lil Mike, 9, Eddie, 7, and Quinton, 3. Johnnie Mae’s husband Mike, a tall strapping country boy, humble and shy, with a mouthful of crooked brown teeth, sat next to her with long legs stretched before him and powerful arms crossed. Mike watched the action in the den with an air of quiet resignation—his way of coping with being the only Brogans-wearing, hog-slaughtering member of an extroverted country clan whose members could now afford to park Jaguars and Benzes next to his pig pens when they came to visit Johnnie Mae.
Downstairs in Darrel’s den, his band mates, Risco and Jake, along with teammate Gary and Darrel’s brother Dave, kept their attention split between a game of poker, televised ball games, and the contents of the wet bar. Risco the drummer, with a pencil moustache and red beret, which he wore everywhere, arrived at Gracewood with eyes already pink from marijuana because he knew the mistress of Gracewood would allow no smoking of grass at the party. Jake the bass player spoke little and nodded to the rhythm of the stereo’s jazz. Gary Hill was the Majestics’ shooting guard with boyish dimpled looks and a reputation as a ladies’ man. Leona and Sierra, Risco and Jake’s twin-sister girlfriends who wore pantsuits with halter tops even though it was winter, played spades at a small game table and resented Grace Nelson for not allowing cigarette smoking in her house. Thirty-four-year-old David Nelson made frequent trips to the bar. On his head glistened a curly perm, and the top three buttons of his silk shirt were undone, exposing the coiled hairs on his chest. Since, during the course of the day, the contents of a six pack had slipped down his gullet, Dave now spit when he spoke, telling stories about sexual escapades and what it was like to grow up with his now-famous younger brother. (And since he was sodden and thought he was being discreet, at several points during the day he went upstairs to ogle the toned body of his brother’s wife.)
In the spacious sun/recreation room on the main level, where the young people gathered behind soundproof closed French doors, a man sat before an elaborate turntable console with sizable speakers, spinning records and playing cassette tapes that featured R&B Christmas favorites and hip-hop dance selections. Cayla Nelson, Darrel’s shy youngest sister, and her boyfriend Tony sat close to each other on a patio love seat. A plump, elfin college student who wore glasses and resembled the actress Butterfly McQueen, Cayla possessed a whiney voice that wafted occasionally into the air of the room and became lost in the shrapnel of conversation. Tony, a skinny teenager who wore baggy jeans and an oversized knit cap, was obsessed with getting the chance, at some point after dinner, to play basketball on the estate’s indoor court against his idol, Jazz Nelson. The eleven Grace Girls and their guests sat around two long tables, placed end-to-end, that had earlier served as the party’s dining altar. The girls’ companions were, for the most part, boyfriends, but Wanda Carver brought one of her brothers, LaKisha Thomas and Kathy Prentiss came with their mothers, Evelyn Dent arrived with her older sister, and Vanessa Willis brought a cousin. The girls’ male companions swapped gossip and jokes in raucous adolescent fashion, but the girls tried to restrain themselves, mindful that their behavior was a reflection of their coach. The glass walls of the rec room provided inhabitants with a view of the pool and patio on the terrace level below. In the cold descending darkness of the December evening, the water of the heated and illuminated pool emitted fingers of steam and glowed luminescent and blue. During the day, the few adult smokers among the guests huddled on the terrace to accommodate their habit, flicking ashes into a shiny brass ashtray that rested on the patio in a glazed ceramic stand. When day turned to dusk, the teens inside the sunroom, if they stood at the glass walls and looked toward the ground, could observe an occasional tiny glowing orange eye—the burning tip of a cigarette butt—hovering in the air.
Grace occasionally swept through the rooms to monitor the comfort of her guests. Each time she did so, she caused restrained excitement—she was among them! But the restraint soon turned into relaxed laughter and assurances that, yes, they were having a good time—a great time—and everything was fine and the food was excellent, the Swedish meatballs being the best they had ever tasted, and yes, they would try the eggnog and no, there were no hidden glasses of champagne in the sunroom with the young people and could she please tell Darrel his big brother said to come down and have a word with the bartender because he was tripping about serving the guests as much as they wanted. When she wasn’t among them, Grace sat in the elegant piano parlor with Dr. Curtis and the mothers of LaKisha and Kathy. Throne’s wife Angela spent the first part of the visit with the ladies in the parlor but finally drifted into the den to be near her majestic husband. Gradually, Mrs. Thomas and Mrs. Prentiss, too, drifted away, leaving only Grace, Dr. Curtis, and the elegant white Steinway. Though removed from the setting of the physician’s office, the two women assumed the roles of confessing patient and listening doctor. They sat on the Victorian love chair against a wall in the room—the doctor with a glass of rosé; Grace, with a cup of hot cider—and were happy to finally be alone together.
“Well, now,” said Dr. Curtis in her soothing Caribbean enunciation, “I am impressed by you. Fifty people! At the same time! And nobody’s carrying you out on a stretcher!”
Grace chuckled.
“What happened?” the doctor inquired.
“I took your advice. Now, I’ll admit I had some reservations—and, really, with the girls it was a last-minute decision that I wouldn’t have made normally, but”—she smiled—“I’m glad I did. It feels good.”
“See? People aren’t so bad.”
“You don’t know the half of it,” Grace boasted playfully. “One of my girls has been here several times. Four weekends, in fact.”
“No!” said the doctor with dramatic disbelief.
“Yes. And spent the night.”
The doctor marveled. “Well, aren’t you one to jump off the deep end at the first lesson!”
“You told me to open up!”
“Yes! But I didn’t tell you to open up a hotel!”
They laughed.
“And I’ve been telling you to do that for years, but you never listened before. What was so special about this one?”
“First of all, she’s an incredible athlete. By the time she graduates, I think she’ll be the best I’ve ever coached. Secondly, she’s not had an easy life. Grew up in Ariel Place Projects with a mother who drank and abused drugs and did horrible things to her whenever she felt like it. Had the poor child so terrified she not only wouldn’t speak about the abuse to anyone, she wouldn’t speak much at all.”
“Oh, my. And Ariel Place. How did you get her?”
“She came to live with her aunt in MacDonald Park. Thank God.” Grace hesitated thoughtfully. “But even with all of that, I’m still surprised I let her in—and so generously. You know I’ve never befriended any of the students.”
“I know. That’s been your law.”
“And I didn’t intend to break it with her. I only planned to talk to her enough to find out what made her tick on court—she’s so effortlessly amazing. But the next thing I know, she’s with me in the Family Lounge and sleeping in one of my beds! I even took her shopping. At Saks and Neiman’s, of all places.”
“Oh, my! See?” the doctor said, waving a scolding finger. “That’s the way it is with people like you. Restraint, restraint, all your life! Like a dam, building up water pressure. But the moment you give in a little—blam! It all comes bursting out. Everything you’ve held back.”
Grace smiled guiltily. “You’re not telling me anything I don’t know. I’m admitting I went overboard with her.”
“Well,” the doctor conceded, “it’s only natural to imitate what’s been done to us. Tip was your mother-angel. Maybe some part of you needs to be someone else’s.”
Grace considered the explanation and liked it. “I hadn’t thought of that.”
“Well, if you’d get the help I suggest, you wouldn’t have to go and steal somebody else’s child to save. You could have your own.” The doctor chuckled.
From the next room came a threatening yell of reproof from Johnnie Mae.
“Boy!”
Grace and Dr. Curtis, who had a view of the den from their place on the loveseat, turned and looked at the commotion in the other room. One of Johnnie Mae’s sons had spilled a glass of punch on the den’s carpet. Grace froze in alarm—her precious berber!—and as she and the doctor watched, the child received a solid whack on the head from his mother. Grace closed her eyes in dismay, then looked at the doctor helplessly.
Dr. Curtis chuckled. “The liabilities of entertaining,” she reminded.
Both women looked back at the den. Darrel had risen with soothing assurances. “Never mind, Johnnie, it’s just a spill, can come right up,” he was saying.
Grace looked at the doctor. “He would say that,” she commented with mock annoyance.
Mrs. Gentry, informed of the crisis, rushed into view, cloth in hand, to treat the stain. Grace smiled. She had felt appreciation all day for Mrs. Gentry, partly because the older woman seemed the only person who truly understood how precious everything was in the house.
“So,” said the doctor, observing Grace’s expression as she watched the maid, “that arrangement is working out well?”
Grace sighed in admission. “Yes.”
“And Darrel was right.”
“Yes. I was wrong,” Grace admitted with feigned reluctance before continuing seriously. “She comes in twice a week, does a thorough job, and absolutely is an excellent cook. In fact, if there were going to be fewer guests, I would have asked her to prepare the meal.”
“So. In a relatively short span of time, you’ve gone from being a virtual anthrophobic to a woman who lets another launder her lingerie. That’s pretty revolutionary!”
They laughed.
“And how are things between you and Darrel?” Dr. Curtis asked meaningfully.
Grace sobered, bowed her head, sighed heavily. “This time next year,” she said softly, “I don’t think we’ll be here.”
The doctor looked pained. “Oh, Grace.”
“He’s tired. And so am I.”
“Tired?” criticized the doctor. “You just started! That’s the problem with you young people. You want everything microwave! A good marriage takes time! And hard work!”
Grace received the reprimand with humble silence.
The doctor softened and asked, “Have you talked to him? About everything?”
Grace’s silence became guilt.
“Well, it’s no wonder you’re in trouble,” the doctor reproved.
After a sigh, Grace confessed. “We haven’t had sex in two months. But this time it’s not just because I haven’t wanted to. He doesn’t ask anymore. Well,” she corrected, “he asks but it’s…as if he could take it or leave it. He’s never been that way before.”
“You think he’s seeing someone else?”
“Probably.”
“And how does that make you feel?”
“Horrible,” Grace admitted frankly.
“Then fix it.”
“That would be his obligation, wouldn’t it?”
“It’s both of you,” the doctor insisted. “Grace,” the doctor pleaded, “I would hate to see you and Darrel’s life together come to an end. There’s so much beauty in you as a team!”
Grace lowered her head. “I know.”
The doctor tilted her head to look closely at Grace’s lowered face. She spoke gently. “Do you love him, Grace?”
Grace lifted her head to gaze toward the den, where Darrel’s excited voice joined the chorus of men reacting to the football game. “Yes,” she answered. “I do.” She glanced at the doctor and then gazed again at her lap, this time sadly. “I just don’t love being married to him.”
The women looked at each other and their eyes filled. And then they heard Elwyn Curtis, from the den, cry out disappointedly, “Oh! Man!”
Grace smiled and Dr. Curtis rolled her eyes with feigned annoyance.
“I think we should get in there,” Grace suggested. “The judge sounds angry.”
“He gets so upset when that team loses,” the doctor said, cutting her eyes in the direction of the den. “I tell him he should be used to it by now!” Both women laughed again and stood.
“We’re not finished talking,” the doctor said, a warning that they would resume the conversation at another time. Grace nodded in compliance. As she and Dr. Curtis walked into the den, the young men erupted in cheers—their team had scored a touchdown—while the judge roared in disapproval. Dr. Curtis went over to her husband, removed his cap—a brimmed lid featuring his team’s logo and incongruent with his dress slacks and blazer—and kissed his bald head. “They’re losing, Ella!” he declared as if in surprise. “Losing!” he repeated.
“Yes, and you’re losing your hair because of it. Calm down before you pop a blood vessel,” she scolded.
Elizabeth Nelson and the other women chuckled, and the judge looked at the women and pointed at his wife. “You see how she talks to me? She is why I am bald! Not football!” he declared.
A special two-part ringtone jangled in the kitchen. Darrel and Grace looked at each other. The intercom, which meant someone was at Gracewood’s front gate. Her expression asked, Who else have you invited? His expression responded, I’m as surprised as you are. Darrel rose and headed for the swinging door that connected the den to the kitchen. Before he could reach it, the door pushed open and Mrs. Gentry looked in at Darrel and Grace, a bewildered expression on her face. “Can one of you come and…?” She did not finish the sentence. “There’s someone at the gate who says she’s Charmaine Miller,” the maid explained, a lilt of surprise—and suppressed excitement—in her voice as she pronounced the visitor’s name.
For an instant, it seemed to Grace, the world was silent.
“Charmaine Miller?” repeated someone on the sofa.
And then Darrel’s voice. “Baby?”
Grace looked at him.
“You expecting her?”
Grace shook her head in denial.
Mrs. Gentry waited in the doorway.
“Let me make sure it’s her,” Darrel said, moving toward the maid, “and if it is,” he said as the two moved into the kitchen, “by all means, let her in!”
And then they were gone. Grace looked around the room. Slowly, sounds were coming back, steadily increasing in strength, and she was puzzled by a steady pounding until she realized it was coming from her chest.
“Ooo, Sis-in-law, I didn’t know you knew her!” declared Johnnie Mae with excitement.
Grace stared at Darrel’s chunky sister and nodded and smiled absently.
“Who that is?” asked Mike.
“Boy, I know you didn’t ask that,” scolded Johnnie Mae. “Even you oughtta know who Charmaine Miller is!”
“I dunno who that is,” Mike confessed.
Johnnie Mae sighed and rolled her eyes. “She a preacher! Wit’ her own TV show! She done even been on Oprah.”
“Now, I know who that is,” said Mike, looking at the others in the room with a chuckle.
“That’s right,” explained Liz calmly from the sofa. “They even call her the Oprah of Christian broadcasting.”
“She’s got a whole different vibe than Oprah, though,” argued Angela.
“Oh, yes,” agreed Liz, who did not want to look uninformed beside the big-city NBA wife.
“First of all, she’s beautiful,” explained Angela. “Not that Oprah isn’t attractive, but Charmaine Miller is gorgeous!”
“Yep,” agreed Johnnie Mae. “Don’t look like no preacher.”
“No, she look mo’ like a model,” agreed Elizabeth Nelson.
“That’s because she used to be one,” said Angela.
“That’s right,” agreed Liz. “A real model—not one of these wannabes. But she could have been a movie star, the way she looks.”
“I always said she look like a stewardess,” commented Cayla, who had joined the group.
“And dresses her behind off,” commented Angela.
“Yes!” agreed Liz vigorously. “And no one’s used to that, in a preacher.”
“Ain’t no women preachers on TV, noway, ’cept her,” commented Johnnie Mae.
“Well, no, I’ve seen a few,” disagreed Angela, “but nobody like Pastor Miller—not at all. First of all, she’s the only African American woman. And she’s not only pretty but she’s classy and energetic and not afraid to tell it like it is. And her message is not fire and brimstone. She wants Christians to enjoy life. That’s the way it ought to be.”
“She’s not doing anything Fred Price hasn’t done for years,” commented Judge Curtis.
“You are wrong, honey,” disagreed Dr. Curtis. “I love Frederick, but he is boring up against that child. She’s fun to watch!”
The other women agreed.
“Well, I see I’m not gonna win this argument,” conceded the judge, “but I tell you what,” he said, rubbing his belly—a habit, “if that’s her out there, and if she’ll take an old fat heathen like me, I’m divorcing you tomorrow, Dr. Curtis!”
“I’ll put in the request for you,” retorted the doctor.
The room laughed.
The judge got up from his chair and came toward his wife, arms outstretched, assuring, in an affected Jamaican accent,“Ooooh, honey, I was just flappin’ my lips. You know you’re the best thing ever happened to me!” He planted a kiss on her face.
“Oh, I believe that,” agreed the doctor.
More laughter, but Grace, who sat beside Dr. Curtis, could only manage a distracted flinch of a smile. Charmaine was here. How? Why? The noise in the den swirled around Grace, invading, overwhelming, inundating her senses. Nervously, she touched the skin beneath her nostrils to blot moisture that had formed there, and pounding filled her ears. The other women chattered and Elizabeth Nelson chuckled and Johnnie Mae’s youngest son bawled and the notes of a singing saxophone pierced the air and the TV cheered and emitted whistle blasts and the men guffawed—and then Darrel strode back into the den and said, “Yeah, that’s her.”
The room erupted with excitement, but a sudden bout of deafness again fell over Grace’s ears.
Why is she here? To see you, Grace?
Wow. Charmaine Miller!
Darrel Nelson looked gravely at his wife, who had not gotten up from her chair. Instead, he noticed the stunned expression on her face and understood she did not share the excitement his announcement had generated in their guests. “Grace? She says she’s here to see you,” he said, carefully watching her reaction. She looked at him, but it seemed to Darrel that her gaze went through him even as she smiled politely and nodded her assent. “I already opened the gate,” he confessed and again watched his wife’s reaction. The distracted gaze turned into a stare that focused on him with accusatory sharpness before it swept the room—conscious of the others who were present—and softened into an artificial smile of approval. “That’s fine,” she said, nodding, and then rose from her chair and walked with him to the adjacent music room.
Johnnie Mae led a trail of excited women into the piano parlor, all of them rushing over to the fourteen-foot-tall bay window and peeking out at the front of the estate. Grace and Darrel continued to the foyer, where she stopped at the foot of the stairs and glared at him.
“What’s wrong?” he demanded in a lowered voice so that their guests couldn’t hear. “You didn’t want her in?”
“No.”
“Then you should have answered the damn intercom yourself. She’s in now,” he said.
Grace looked at him with bitter disappointment, then stepped onto the staircase and began ascending.
Darrel looked at her in disbelief. “I hope you plan on coming back down,” he remarked, a note of panic in his voice.
Grace glanced back at him. “Maybe,” she said and kept ascending.


Chapter Fifty-Four
SKELETONS OUT OF THE CLOSET
Charmaine Miller was charming and funny and outgoing and gracious, her red radiance a powerful presence that filled the Gracewood foyer. So when Grace came downstairs after the minister had been in the house for several minutes, she found the dazzling woman in the midst of Gracewood’s guests, all of them standing back in admiration, with Mrs. Gentry, the caterers and servers, the dee-jay and the bartender lingering near the kitchen.
Since her arrival, Charmaine had laughed with equal heartiness at the frank utterances of Johnnie Mae, the inebriated ravings of David, and the chuckled comments of Elizabeth Nelson. She marveled upon seeing Dr. Curtis again, after so many years, and the two tenderly embraced. And when Johnnie Mae’s three-year-old son grabbed Charmaine by the hand, the evangelist bent low and spoke sweetly to the child, refusing to let Johnnie Mae pull him away. The boy was awed by the red of Charmaine’s outfit and wanted to touch it. She let him stroke the bright red wool and then, amused, reached down and picked him up. At that point, with the boy in her arms, Charmaine looked up at the stairwell and saw Grace slowly descending.
For a moment they saw only each other.
The hearty confidence and cheerfulness Charmaine had exhibited with her admirers instantly softened into a quieter emotion, a mix of tenderness and hope and uncertainty. It contrasted with the stony expression of the woman coming down the stairs.
Absently, Charmaine handed Johnnie Mae’s boy to his mother and then stood—straighter than before, as if about to face an adversary. When Grace reached the foyer floor, Charmaine gazed at the other woman as if in disbelief and uttered, “Grace Gresham. Praise God.”
The guests laughed softly.
Grace stepped hesitantly toward the woman in red and, because she knew those watching expected it, held out her arms for an embrace. “Charmaine,” she greeted.
Their embrace was light, awkward, brief.
A smile fluttered across Grace’s face and a tint of blushing embarrassment colored her cheeks. “What are you doing here?”
The onlookers laughed at Grace’s question because they didn’t realize it was a scolding.
Charmaine re-assumed the cheerfulness she had borne moments before. “I came to see you!” she declared. “And my my, look at you,” she marveled. “Just beautiful! To God be the glory!”
The onlookers laughed with appreciation. Grace’s blush deepened.
“Juneboy, why you ain’t tell us your wife knew Charmaine Miller?” demanded Johnnie Mae, which again sent laughter all around.
“I didn’t know!” Darrel answered defensively, which caused more laughs.
Charmaine regarded Grace fondly. “Yes, Grace and I have known each other a long time,” she confirmed, looking down at the former Olympian, who was several inches shorter. “We were best friends in high school and roommates in college, weren’t we, Grace?”
“Yes,” said Grace, nodding. Her skin glistened with bashfulness.
Darrel’s surprise was genuine. He looked at Grace for an explanation. “You never told me that!”
Grace lifted her hands in a gesture that admitted guilt. “You never asked,” she replied pleasantly.
More laughter filled the foyer, and Darrel, for the sake of the impromptu audience, shook his head with mock resignation. “See how women do you?” he asked the others, who laughed again. To Charmaine, he added, jabbing a thumb toward Grace, “Too bad you couldn’t convert this one!”
Laughter from the group, and a soft smile from Grace.
“Oh, no,” disagreed Charmaine heartily. “Grace was always the good one. I was the one carving out a path to hell!”
In the midst of the laughter, Grace met eyes meaningfully with her husband, her expression containing a codified plea for rescue. Darrel correctly read the expression and announced, “Alright, I know the minister’s here but this ain’t church, so let’s break it up! She didn’t come to see y’all, she came to see Grace. Y’all go back to eating up all my food!” he ordered playfully.
The foyer hummed with a fresh outburst of talk and laughter as the guests began to disperse. “Don’t be runnin’ us out here, Juneboy, some of y’all need church!” Johnnie Mae remarked, which triggered more amusement in the guests.
Darrel gave Charmaine a warm and diplomatic smile, and extended his arm for a handshake. When Charmaine slid a lovely hand onto his giant palm, he tenderly sandwiched it.
“It’s an honor to have you in my home, Pastor. I hope you’re staying. We’ve got plenty to eat and plenty of room.”
“Thank you, Darrel. Unfortunately, however, I’m already obligated to another host. Although staying here is definitely preferential,” she added warmly.
Darrel graciously wagged his head in acceptance, then raised the pretty hand to his mouth for a kiss. Grace watched her husband closely, saw the light in his eyes and the delicate smile that was, for him, a blush—and now, the kissing of the hand—and realized he was as enthralled by Charmaine’s aura and beauty as people had always been upon meeting her.
Darrel released Charmaine’s hand. “I’ll leave you ladies.” He walked away, entering the music parlor to return to the family room.
Charmaine and Grace watched until he was gone. The rest of the guests, the Alabamans and Atlantans, had already returned to their socializing places. When they were alone, the two former friends looked at each other. Charmaine’s face took on the gentle hopeful expression it had borne earlier, when she first saw Grace on the staircase. Grace looked up at the taller woman with a stare that demanded an explanation.
“I apologize for coming by without warning,” said Charmaine. “I didn’t think you’d answer the gate...if you expected me.”
“What do you want?” Grace demanded.
Charmaine hesitated. Smiled lightly to mask the hurt Grace’s question had caused. “That the best you can do?” she asked gently. “After twelve years?”
Grace’s stare was unyielding.
Charmaine waited, then sighed. “We need to talk,” she explained. “Privately,” she added.
Grace looked at the evangelist, studying her, and then extended an arm toward the room to the right, the living room, with its white carpet and upholstery, and gold-and-glass finishes. The room she rarely entered, except to pay respects to Tip and Sid. The room she had told herself she would never use for entertaining. “In there,” she said to Charmaine.
* * *
They walked without speaking to the elegant sanctuary and entered. Grace closed the great sliding white doors behind them, which shut out the sounds of the mansion. In silence, they looked at each other. Charmaine was again overcome by the sight of her friend. “Oh, my, Grace!” she marveled softly.
Grace averted her eyes and gazed at something across the room.
Hurt by the gesture of rejection, Charmaine forced her attention to her surroundings. “Tip and Sid. Oh, my!” she declared. She walked across the room and stood before the portrait. “It’s been so long since I’ve seen their faces.”
Grace watched, arms folded, said nothing.
“Talk about two people who wrung the most out of life.” Charmaine turned. “They savored living, Grace. Didn’t take it for granted. You don’t know this, but they helped inspire the philosophy for my ministry.”
Grace was silent.
“And oh, Grace, I was so devastated when I heard about their deaths. I wanted so badly to comfort you. Did you get my flowers?”
“Yes.” Grace hesitated. Softened enough to add, “And I saw you. At the service.”
“I know.”
They looked uncomfortably at each other, gnawed by unasked questions.
Grace’s patience finally broke. “How did you know we’d be here?”
“The Lord told me,” teased Charmaine.
Grace waited for the truth.
“Johnny Gibson,” Charmaine admitted.
“The record producer?”
“Yes. He lives on King Estates Way.”
“I know that. I just didn’t know you were on a friendly basis with the likes of him.”
“Are you kidding? I rolled a game of craps with Johnny in Vegas last year. Beat him, too!” Charmaine chuckled.
An image of Charmaine, famous minister, bent low and shaking dice and then exulting over a craps table in Sin City, flashed through Grace’s mind and she almost smiled.
“Oh, but he’s got a good heart, Grace. He’s a tax collector, not a Pharisee.”
“And what does that make you?” Grace asked tartly. “Christ?”
“No,” Charmaine answered gently. “But I sure am about to be crucified.”
Grace fixed onto Charmaine’s face, saw its mirth wane, saw it sober. Saw Charmaine gaze absently at something across the room. An alarm sounded somewhere in Grace and suddenly she heard her heart’s thumping.
“What does that mean?”
Charmaine sighed again but did not answer. Instead, she walked to the sofa, sat, and gestured for Grace to do the same. When Grace hesitated, Charmaine looked expectantly at her and invited, “Please. Sit with me.” However graciously said, it was an order more than an invitation, and they both knew it.
Grace hesitated—this was her house, after all—but some ancient impulse within her responded to Charmaine’s order, and she found herself obeying the charismatic woman. At the sofa, Grace sat. The pounding she had experienced in the den returned to her hearing, and she found herself consciously taking deep breaths in order to control her breathing. She detected moisture on the skin beneath her nose and touched it away with the back of a finger. She did not know what Charmaine wanted to talk about, but she suspected it had to do with Italy. Or Greece. What else could it be? “It must be damn important,” she teased feebly and felt breathless doing so.
Charmaine’s expression was a confirmation, but she was reluctant to begin. She patted her manicured hands on the tops of her thighs, which, because she was sitting, were exposed two inches above the knee.
Grace bowed her head to stare at the carpet at their feet. A warm, pleasing floral scent of perfume emanated from the other woman on the sofa, and Grace’s gaze traveled from the carpet to the feet of her former friend. In view were fabulous stiletto pumps, black and red leather, seamless, well-made, with two-inch heels. Quality. Charmaine had always possessed style and good taste—classy, sexy, the quintessential fashion connoisseur. And while Grace had shared Charmaine’s gift of knowing, without being told, what was quality, she had never possessed the other woman’s penchant for flamboyance. Grace tossed a sidelong glance at Charmaine’s long shapely legs and their integument of brown silk nylons. The short hem of the red skirt revealed what television had not shown, which is that Charmaine Miller possessed toned feminine thighs and a flawless complexion. To Grace, the minister appeared to be in excellent, glowing physical health.
“You look good.”
Grace looked up, startled. The words were her thoughts but they had not come out of her mouth. Embarrassed, she met eyes with Charmaine, who smiled tenderly. “Thanks,” said Grace and looked at the brass sculpture on the glass coffee table—an abstract figurine of smooth surfaces and sensuous curves—and stammered, “So do you.”
“You still run?” Charmaine asked.
Grace nodded.
“It shows. You still have that same tight little toned body I always envied.” Charmaine made a soft chuckling sound. “And your skin is lovely.”
“Thanks,” Grace said. She hesitated. “Congratulations on the show. It’s good.”
Charmaine gasped and lay a hand over her heart. “Oh, Grace. I’ve prayed that you watched. I really did.”
“Only when I get a chance.”
They hesitated. It was obvious from her expression that Grace was struggling with a thought, so Charmaine looked at her and waited patiently.
“Is this…for real with you? I mean, because the last time I knew you, serving the Lord was the last thing on your mind. And so imagine my shock when I turn on the ministry channel and there you are.” She chuckled dryly. “I couldn’t speak for a whole day.”
“I wrote you after I changed,” Charmaine explained, speaking softly. “But you kept sending the letters back.”
“Because by then I was tired of receiving your letters, Charmaine. And I thought those were going to say the same things the earlier letters did.”
“Well, if you had taken the time to read them, you wouldn’t have had to turn on the TV and experience a one-day heart attack.”
Charmaine chuckled. Grace smiled. And again, they sobered.
“So. What would I have read?” Grace asked.
“That like Saul of Tarsus on the road to Damascus, I had to be knocked down by the Lord before I came to my senses.” Charmaine hesitated, thoughtful. “You remember how I was, Grace. All about having a good time and making it to the runways of Paris. And I was going to do whatever it took to get there. But of course, I don’t have to tell you that.”
They glanced at each other shyly before looking away.
“And then one day,” Charmaine continued, “I went riding with a friend. Another model. My girlfriend,” she added with a meaningful glance at Grace. “We had been drinking. Doing drugs. Having what we thought was a good time. As she drove along the cliffs of Italy. The next thing I knew, her car had plummeted over the side.” Charmaine hesitated. “She was killed. I walked away. Well, limped, anyway.”
“Oh, Charmaine.”
“No,” assured the minister, “it’s not a cause for pity, Grace, because out of it came great things: the saving of lives! Gina was taken before she could hit someone head-on and kill them—and she would have, sooner or later, I’m convinced of that. So God sacrificed her life in order to save others. I survived so that I could fulfill my purpose, which was to be used by God to draw people to salvation. And the way He knew I would most succeed at that is by taking the delight I had always gotten from sinning and turning it into the joy one gets from serving the Lord!”
Charmaine hesitated—she had become ardent. When she spoke again, it was with less passion.
“My point, Grace, is that God knew how self-indulgent and headstrong and hedonistic I was. You know. Nothing less than an experience like the crash was going to bring me to my knees and make me the humble servant He needed me to be.”
Grace nodded, impressed. “Wow.”
They hesitated, uncertain, before finally exchanging trusting smiles, and then Charmaine took in a cleansing, calming breath. “Oh, Grace,” she said, sliding a hand onto her friend’s hand, “it’s so good to see you again!”
The touch embarrassed Grace, making her arm flinch.
Charmaine released the hold. She was hurt by Grace’s reaction but managed to smile pleasantly, anyway.
Grace was once again guarded and grim. “Why are you here?”
Charmaine’s smile faded to gravity and she sighed heavily. “You remember the photos we took.”
Blood began thumping in Grace, louder than before. Quick exhalations of breath rushed from her nostrils, silent and urgent. The same rushes of air slipped over her parted lips, drying them. She could not muster the breath to speak, but her expression asked for a confirmation.
“Someone has them,” confirmed Charmaine.
Grace’s mouth opened in awe but from her throat came no sound, not even a gasp.
Charmaine looked down at her own hands because she was unable to look at Grace. “They contacted my people. Wanted to know how much the pictures were worth to me.”
Finally, there were sounds from Grace—an escaping of trapped breath, and then panting, and then the breathy words of one frightened. “Oh, god.” And then, to Charmaine: “When did you find out?”
“Last week. I came to you as soon as I could.”
“Are they all the pictures, or just the ones that were…?”
“All of them. It seems.”
“How did they get them? We never even got them.”
“I don’t know. The magazine’s no longer in existence. Maybe someone got them from the photographer. The editor-in-chief. My agent at the time. I’m not sure. Whoever is the actual owner is doing a good job of hiding behind negotiators.”
“What did you tell them? Did you make them an offer?”
Charmaine looked incredulous. “I’m not going to pay them money, Grace.”
“Why not?”
“Oh, Grace. Even you ought to know you can’t trust the conscience of a blackmailer. So we give him—her—whoever the one mil they’re asking for. There is no way of knowing whether that’s the end of it.”
“One million!”
“There’s no way of knowing whether the person hasn’t already sold the damn things. Or if they have the negatives.”
“So you’re not even going to fight it?”
“When there’s a fight, Grace, people want to know what you’re fighting about. We can’t win on this.”
“We can’t give in without a fight, either! Charmaine, if those pictures get out…!”
“Grace. Have you forgotten? They’ve already been out. They were published in that magazine.”
“I know that. But that was twelve years ago, in a little town in Italy. Nobody knew about that.”
“Oh, I assure you, somebody did. For all you know, you and I could have been serving as visual stimulus in a sperm bank in Milan for the past twelve years. There’s just no way to know.” Charmaine was chuckling by the end of her sentence.
Grace was appalled. “How are you laughing about this?”
“Because I thought what I said was funny. Listen,” Charmaine said when Grace remained humorless, “I’m not making light of it….”
“You seem to be!”
“I’m not. But what can we do about it now? It’s done! And I have nothing to hide.”
“But I do, Charmaine! Don’t you get that? No, you don’t, because you haven’t changed. It’s still all about you. That’s why we’re facing this now: You and your goddamn aspirations. And then you draw me into it—never mind that I didn’t want to do it! The only thing you cared about that night was getting what you wanted! Well, now we’re paying for that.”
“Which night?” Charmaine asked calmly.
“What?”
“You said the only thing I cared about that night was getting what I wanted. Which night are you referring to?”
Grace warmed with embarrassment and retreated into silence.
“Because if you’re referring to the night of the photo shoot, you’re right. I was only thinking of myself then, and my career. But if you’re talking about the next night, when we were back in Greece…then you’re wrong. I was only thinking about pleasing you.”
“Don’t”—Grace was instantly emotional, her voice raspy and vehement—“talk about that!” she hissed. “In fact”—she stood with an agitated burst of impatience—“why did you come here?”
Charmaine stood. “To warn you, Grace. The pictures are coming out in the press. When, I don’t know. But soon, I’m sure.”
“You could have called, Charmaine! Why did you have to show up? All my guests!” she said in despair. On the guest, Grace’s voice broke and her eyes filled. “What’ll they think when….?” She was unable to finish.
Charmaine reached out to console Grace with a touch on the arm, but Grace recoiled from the gesture and turned away. And tottered. A roaring began in her ears, along with what sounded like thousands of shrieks and voices, a disorienting sensation that so enveloped her she thought she would scream. She looked about the room searchingly, with no idea what she was seeking, and briefly she could not remember where she was. Momentarily, a voice broke through that was closer and clearer than the others, and she felt a hand grip her elbow.
“Grace? Are you okay?”
Grace focused on the form standing beside her, recognized Charmaine Miller, snatched her arm out of the woman’s grasp. “Don’t.” She moved to the other side of the coffee table and turned away from the red suit behind her. Things were becoming familiar again—the room, the house, the Christmas Eve dinner. Her gaze fell on the living room’s large picture window and she walked slowly toward it as if she were being drawn. At the window she looked out. Through the veneer of lace curtains and the clear panes of glass, she could see, in the soft glow of the estate’s ground lighting, the acreage of the front lawn, meticulously tended and beautifully landscaped, and the orange illumination of the lake lights, reflecting off the surface of the duck pond, and beyond that, the great stone wall of the property, a dusty white in the darkness. Her beautiful, wonderful, safe home. So carefully planned from the beginning, so carefully constructed, so adamantly guarded since. Suddenly it seemed trivial and ineffectual—a mockery!—for despite its existence, she had failed. Failed to keep away the skeletons of her childhood that gnawed at the back of her mind at night, preventing marital peace, preventing pleasure; failed to keep out the intrusive hands and faces and voices of strangers, who at that very moment swarmed through other rooms of the house, seeking her, seeking knowledge of her; failed to ward away the ugly finger of Reminder which, at that moment, stood across the room from her, dressed in the color of blood.
Grace turned toward Charmaine and spoke softly. “I want you out.”
Charmaine gasped, hurt, and then humbly lowered her head with acceptance. “I planned to do that,” she said. “But just in case it’s another twelve years…”
Grace looked.
Charmaine walked over, stood close to her friend, faced her.
“I have to tell you this, Grace. And please let me say it.” Charmaine hesitated and then spoke earnestly. “I’ve been all over the world, met hundreds of people, many of them wonderful. And I can honestly say, Grace Gresham, that no one has moved me the way you did. You are the only person I have ever completely loved.”
Grace’s eyes filled, but she tightened her face to withhold any other expression.
“And I must admit, God forgive me,” continued Charmaine, “that the only thing I regret about that night in Greece…is that it made you hate me afterwards.”
For a moment the two friends looked at each other. And then Charmaine turned away, walking toward the room’s closed doors. When she reached them, she hesitated and opened her purse. From it she pulled out a silk black handkerchief and a tiny compact. She flipped open the compact, looked in the mirror, dabbed at her eyes with the handkerchief, quickly checked the rest of her face and hair, then closed the mirror and placed it and the silk back in her purse. She tucked the clutch under her arm and looked at Grace, who was gazing, once again, out the window.
“Please give Darrel and your guests my apologies.”
Grace did not transfer her gaze from the scene outside but her expression answered Yes.
Charmaine observed Grace a moment before again reaching into her purse. From it she extracted a pink business card and held it between two fingers in a salutatory gesture for Grace to see. “A direct number to me,” she said when Grace looked at her. Charmaine laid the card on the glass surface of a nearby table.
Grace again gazed out the window.
“Call me if you want to talk,” the minister said. “Even,” she added tenderly, “if it’s three o’clock in the morning.”
Grace whipped her head around and looked at Charmaine. For a moment, both were still and breathless. Even if it’s three o’clock in the morning had been their special saying when they were friends, a symbol of the accessibility of one to the other, an earmark of the platonic devotion they had enjoyed before Greece. Charmaine would use the expression the most. Call me, Grace, and let me know when your plane gets to Seattle. You’d better call me, Grace, even if it’s three o’clock in the morning, or I’ll be upset, do you hear me? Grace had rarely used the expression, but she would demonstrate its meaning by being available any time Charmaine wanted to talk about something in the middle of the night. Grace herself sometimes awakened from sleep, troubled by memories of childhood, and found comfort from talking out her fears with Charmaine—sometimes truly at three o’clock in the morning.
But that was the past. The saying no longer applied, as far as Grace was concerned, so now she broke the spell of motionless silence by lowering her gaze to glance at the business card Charmaine had laid on the glass table. In Grace’s eyes was no appreciation for its presence.
Charmaine noted the reaction and understood what it meant. She would not hear from Grace Gresham. The minister’s eyes filled. And so with sad acceptance, Charmaine Miller brought her fingers to her lips in a silent kiss, pushed the fingers toward Grace, and left the mansion of Gracewood Estate.
End of Part Four
End of Book II

