Let it Snow
Paul Hina

Published by Paul Hina at Smashwords.com
Copyright ©2012 by Paul Hina

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re­sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Table of Contents
Let It Snow
I. Clouds
II. Dinner
III. Storms

Let it Snow
I. Clouds

Annie's sitting on the half-made bed in her and Eric's bedroom. The winter sun is reflecting off the snow on the ground outside, making the light that shines through their bedroom window all the more severe. She stares out into that great, bright whiteness, tries hard to keep her thoughts from Max, tries to erase how sick inside she is for him. 
She told herself that she wouldn't react this way, that his coming back home would have little effect on her. But it's been almost ten years since she last saw him, and, as those years accumulated, she had taught herself to think of him less often. And, over time, he seemed to become more distant, more faded in her memory. His life, to her, had become something lived in the past, rather than a thing presently living. It helped that he lived so far away, and the benefit of this geographical distance between them was that it acted as a safe buffer between their lives. She was able to push him far away because he was far away.
At first, after they separated, she couldn't get him out of her mind. His absence from her life was ever-present. She was constantly aware that she was missing something, that the part of her that he used to fill up was empty. There was something pure and true that he used to give her that she hungered for after he was gone. And there was a time where that emptiness only seemed to grow, and she wondered if it might eventually hollow her out completely.
But those thoughts, those holes were eventually filled by time, and the forgetfulness that time offers. And, at some point, thinking of him went from something she did every second to merely every hour. Then every hour eventually became everyday, or just once in awhile. 
She can't say she's ever been rid of him completely, but she's kept the emotional noise of him quiet enough to build a life without him.  
But when Eric told her that Max was coming home, that hole inside her, that hunger she had hidden, began to stir. Pangs that she hadn't known in years became familiar to her again. Memories woke up and bent out in front of her. These memories grew fantasies. And, though she's happy with her life, she's not happy enough that these sorts of fantasies don't coax her into dangerous places. 
Still, she knew that she would have to deal with Max at some point. He wasn't going to stay away forever. But she'd hoped that the effect of all that time without him would better prepare her to deal with his coming home again. But that's not how it's playing out. 
Max has been back for three days, looming just down the road at his childhood home. He's hardly escaped her thoughts at any point over these past few days, even at night, even while sleeping. She just can't push him away. Mercifully, though, she's been able to avoid him. Eric, too, had successfully avoided him. She could tell he was putting the inevitable visit off until the last minute. It's not as if Eric didn't want to see his brother. He did. It's just been so long since they'd shared even a single word that the weight of uncertainty was something to dread. But the time had come, and he's over at his parents' house visiting Max now. Then, tomorrow, Max will be off again, and Annie will be free to return to her life without him, without the nearness of him following her wherever she goes.
But, even with all the turmoil his arrival has brought to Annie, she's happy that Eric has been able to see his brother again. Their fraternal relationship seemed irreparable after she and Eric were married. And Eric has been riddled by guilt, and confusion, ever since. He never quite understood the extent of Annie and Max's relationship. There was much she hadn't told him, and, even if she had told him, it's impossible to properly convey the weight of love.
It's interesting that Eric didn't ask her to come with him today. It wasn't just that he didn't ask. He almost acted as if he were hiding something from her. He only told her about the visit at the last minute, and treated it very casually, as if it weren't a big deal that he was going to see his younger brother for the first time in nearly a decade. Maybe Max had specifically requested that she not come. Or, perhaps, Eric just thought it was best to keep things simple. 
And it's still a complex situation—at least it is to Annie. 
If Max's return has shown her anything, it's that she's still capable of a level of emotional complexity she thought she'd lost, or misremembered. For days she's been feeling some mysterious combination of hope and fear, a confused feeling that might only be remedied by seeing him again. But she's successfully avoided the emotional clarity of Max for too long to muddle things with his presence now.
She's become frightened by the intensity of her desire to keep these new emotions awake inside her, desperate to prolong this sense of reverie, clinging to the whimsy and the terror that Max's arrival has brought to her.
She startles at the sound of the jolt and pull of the garage door.
Eric is home. 
She gets up from the bed and starts tugging the sheet taut over her side of the mattress, going through the motions of being busy, which is what she should've been doing this whole time. Keeping busy would've been one way to keep her thoughts from Max. But, then again, nothing else she's done these past several days has successfully kept him from her. 
She wonders what he looks like now, all this time later. How much has he changed? 
How much has she changed?
She can hear Eric come in the house through the garage. She shakes herself from thoughts of Max and tucks the corner of the sheet under the foot of the mattress. 
"I thought you already made the bed," Eric says, as he enters the bedroom.
"I did, but I laid down for a minute after you left."
"You feeling alright?"
"Yeah, just a little tired."
"Well, I wouldn't worry about it. I doubt anyone will be coming in here tonight anyway," he says, walking over to the closet by the window. The severe light from outside shines its white spotlight on him. 
"No, probably not," she says, smoothing the wrinkles from the sheet with a practiced hand. "How was your brother?"
"Fine. He seemed in good spirits," he says. He places his coat in the closet, and moves toward the other side of the bed. "I hope you don't mind, but I asked him for dinner."
"What?" she asks, her hands frozen, clutching at their comforter.
"I asked him to come to the dinner party."
"Tonight?"
"Are we having a dinner party another night I don't know about?"
"Why did you do that, Eric?" she asks, moving on with her bed making, trying hard to ignore the panic that's rising up inside her, trying to steady the dizziness that's suddenly filled her head.
"We were getting on so well, and it's been so long since I'd seen him, and I had to leave to make it back for the party, and I just thought—"
"You just thought that we could add another chair to the table, that we'd have enough food for—"
"Two chairs. He's bringing someone. Stacy's her name, I think."
As if it weren't bad enough to find out that Max was coming to their house, now Annie has to see him with another woman. In all her fantasies, he's still alone, living a tortured life without her, pining for their old days together. She pulls the comforter over the edge of the bed, leaves the wrinkles. She sits, or, rather, allows herself to fall on the bed. 
"You sure you're alright?" Eric asks.
"You couldn't have called first to ask if I was alright with this?"
"Honestly, I didn't think it would be a big deal. You're the one who's always telling me to try harder to reach out to Max."
"And you did. You saw him, and that's good, but—"
"Our table sits eight, Annie. And I helped you pick up the food. Remember? There's plenty."
"That's not it."
"What then?"
"It's been a long time since I've seen him too. I would've liked a little consideration."
"I'm sorry. I guess I just didn't think about it. It's been so long, I just thought—"
"No, it's fine."
"If you want, I can call him. Tell him that something came up."
"No, you can't do that. He'd know it was me that…" she starts to say, but trails off and stares out the window again. The sun is just beginning to set, and its light is so bright that it makes it hard to keep her eyes open, but she's afraid if she closes them… No. She's not going to let herself cry. 
There's nothing left for her to say. What's done is done. He'll be here soon. In their house. Sitting at their dining room table. He'll look at her, see all those emotions she's been hiding.
"Well, I've got a couple things to finish up before…"
"Me too," she says, only half-aware that she's speaking.
"You going to be okay?"
"Yeah, I just… You know… The party. That's all. Just a lot of stuff to think about. All the little details."
"Right. Well, I'm going to go and…" he says, and leaves the bedroom.
"Okay," she says, not looking at him, not even quite aware that he's gone. 
Eric moves down the hall to the kitchen. He reaches into an overhead cabinet and grabs two plates, opens a drawer and shuffles through the silver until he finds what he needs. He adds the new plates and silver to the stack of plates and silver he had set out on the counter earlier today, and takes everything to the dining room. He sets the stack on the table. Then he slides the two chairs on each side of the table over enough to make room for the two added guests—one more on either side of the table. He grabs the napkins from the sideboard in front of the window, and lays each one in its proper spot. Then he moves the two stray chairs that bookend the sideboard, and squeezes them into their new places on either side of the table. There. That makes eight. Not so hard.
Of course, he knows that Annie's problem with Max coming for dinner has very little to do with how many guests they can fit comfortably at their table, or how much food they have to serve.
For years, he's been aware of the torch she still carries for Max. In the beginning, before they were married, he didn't see it manifest itself as much in her behavior, even unconsciously. The emotional tells—her verbal tics, or nervous body language—that she exhibits now were nonexistent in those budding stages of their romance. Eric likes to believe that the seeming absence of her desire for Max was because she was as caught up as he was in the joy of their relationship's beginning. But, after they were married, he would notice far off looks in her eyes when someone would mention Max, and it became hard to ignore her self-consciousness, the utter vulnerability written on her face, the shaking in her voice, on the rare occasions she would summon the courage to ask Eric's parents about Max. 
Then again, some of this could just as well be due to Eric's insecurities about Annie and Max's history, a history still largely hidden from him. 
But it's clear that things weren't as good between Eric and Annie after they were married. There's no question that there is still love between them. Even he's not self-delusional enough to invent the genuine warmth they have for one another. And, besides, it's not as if this calming of passions is an outlier when it comes to marriages. As Eric gets older, and meets more married couples, it actually seems quite natural. Many couples seem to settle into something less passionate once they are comfortably together, once the pressure's off to win one's lover over. Still, his main objective has always been to make Annie happy. That's all he's ever wanted. But he fears he's not been particularly successful at it. 
There are things, concrete things, that his insecurities won't explain away. Years ago, on one of the rare occasions that he found himself putting away some of Annie's laundry, he discovered a large manila envelope full of old photographs of her and Max. The envelope was clearly not meant to be found. It was hidden under some of her delicates at the very back of the drawer. Also, mixed in with the photos, was a stack of notes and letters, and several of them appeared to be written to Max after her and Eric had been married. He assumed from the little that he read—before the guilt of violating her privacy made him stop—that these letters weren't simply early drafts of more polished letters that were later sent, but that these letters were written for Max but addressed to nobody. These were letters never sent, probably never even intended for sending. But, instead, Annie was writing out something she desperately needed to say, an outward articulation of feelings that she was tired of composing in her head. 
As for the photos, it's not necessarily a bad thing to keep old pictures from past relationships. Even Eric has kept pictures of girls from his college days. But he keeps them out in the open, not hidden away beneath his underwear at the back of a drawer. Eric's always felt that the only reason a person hides something personal is because they've got something personal to hide. In other words, the hidden object isn't nearly as expressive as the reason why it was hidden. 
Eric begins placing the silver down at all the place settings, and he's starting to get the nervous feeling that this dinner party has now become much more complicated than it seemed only a few hours ago. Maybe he did make a mistake in inviting Max. It was an impulsive invitation, one that, all of a sudden, he feels he shouldn't have offered. And to see Annie's reaction after he told her that Max was coming—the fall in her face, the startles in her eyes—was even worse than he feared it might be.
But they had to face the situation of Max eventually. It just so happened that Max had made the decision for them. He was the one who decided to come to town for the holidays—the first time he had been home since the spring before Eric met Annie. And Eric saw Max's coming back as a kind of olive branch. To Eric, it meant, ready or not, the time had come to try and move beyond their near-decade cold war.
So, this afternoon, Eric went to his parents to see his brother for the first time in over nine years. And he went without Annie. He needed to tread lightly. If Max still harbored bad feelings about Eric and Annie's marriage, Eric didn't want to risk making it worse. 
But things were fine. And whenever Eric mentioned Annie—testing Max's reaction—Max didn't show any sign of hurt. And, overall, it was nice talking to his brother again. 
For Eric, the joy of the past nine years with Annie has always been overshadowed by the guilt he felt. The mere idea that he had somehow betrayed his brother has always cast a shadow over Eric. It's true that Max and Annie were a couple for several years before they entered university, but, when Eric met Annie, she had graduated college. Eric was fresh out of graduate school, and was preparing to teach his first ethics course at the university. He just assumed that she had left any of her youthful entanglements in the past, and that her and Max's relationship was nothing more than the kind of harmless high school thing that one remembers with fondness, but not regret. He was wrong. What Max and Annie had was much deeper than Eric knew. But it wasn't until after he had fallen in love with Annie that the truth of her and Max's relationship started to become apparent to him. 
Still, after seeing his brother today, and feeling some of that guilt unclench from around his heart, Eric hoped that if Max came for dinner, Annie might finally be able to loosen her grip on the past. Eric has this idea that she only holds onto his brother because, to her, Max is trapped in the amber of her memories, and that Max still represents something youthful in her. Maybe Max helps her hold onto that hope and vitality we all possess when we're young and the future sits like a black page in front of us.
Maybe if she sees that the years have passed for Max in the same way that they have passed for everyone else, she will accept that those years have changed him as much as they've changed her. And maybe seeing these changes will start her along the process of accepting that the chances that he's still, even remotely, the same person she remembers are as unlikely as her being the same person he remembers. Then, Eric hopes, she can embrace the years to come as she is and not as she was, and that she'll no longer have a ready excuse to cling to that past.
The doorbell rings and startles Eric. He looks outside the dining room's picture window and sees Michael's car in the driveway. He checks his watch. It's just after five-thirty. He's twenty-five minutes early. 
Eric moves to the hallway, sees Michael's silhouette obscured by the frosted glass on the front door. 
"Who's that?" Annie calls from the bedroom.
"It's Michael," he says, trying to stay quiet enough so that Michael won't hear him from outside.
"Well, you're going to have to entertain him for a minute while I finish getting ready."
Eric moves to the front door, takes a breath. "Michael," he says, opening the door. "Come on in."
"I'm early, I know. I hope you don't mind."
"No. No big deal," Eric says as he leads Michael to the living room. "Have a seat."
"Good," Michael says, sounding genuinely relieved. "I'm the first one here."
"Well, that's generally what happens when you show up early."
"You're upset that I've come early."
"No. Not really. It's only a few minutes."
"Right, I make a rule to always show up to these kinds of things early."
"Why's that?"
"I've always hated walking into a gathering like a dinner party after other guests have arrived. All of a sudden you're thrust into the center of everyone's attention, and since you've probably entered in the middle of some conversation, the room probably falls silent. Then, inevitably, awkward, obligatory introductions are made, and only the silence is left as everyone tries to think of something to say. Then you're stuck trying to deftly adapt to this new hyper-conscious social environment. Unless, of course, someone particularly good at breaking those social awkwardnesses tries to follow up on the introduction with a quick question about you, which only thrusts you further into the room's attention. Anyway you look at it, for someone like me, it's uncomfortable."
"I suppose you're right," Eric says, as if he understands. He's used to these kinds of silly histrionics from Michael. They've known each other for long enough now that almost nothing Michael says surprises him.
When Michael first came to the university, he was teaching in the philosophy department with Eric. They had adjoining offices and quickly became friendly with one another, more because of their proximity than their commonality. But then the religious studies program, where Michael worked, broke free from the philosophy department. It started its own department in a new building, and Michael's office moved with it. But they remained friends. In fact, as far as Eric can tell, he is one of Michael's only friends. 
Michael has a tendency to rub people the wrong way. Mostly, it's because he's too honest. Michael doesn't like to conform to the traditional social standards that assume that it's our duty to make everyone comfortable. So, there's no social filter with Michael. Eric is pretty sure that this lack of concern for people's comfort stems mostly from the fact that Michael is rarely comfortable in any social setting. And, so, he doesn't understand how anyone can be made uncomfortable in a setting that is innately uncomfortable from the start. 
In the past, Eric has always respected this trait in Michael, though it certainly has made for some uncomfortable situations. It's because of some of those past discomforts that Eric has been nervous about having him over to attend a dinner party. But Michael has been asking Eric and Annie to fix him up with their friend, and Eric's assistant, Holly, for months. And Eric and Annie decided that it was finally time to try and get them together. Annie thought it might be best to set them up in a dinner party environment. This way, Holly would not be fully exposed to Michael's conversation unfettered by other social constraints—not that Michael is good at honoring these constraints, but he isn't altogether oblivious to them either. It's not as if Holly doesn't already know something about Michael. He's around their office quite often, usually showing up early for their biweekly lunches so that he can spend extra time waiting for Eric by Holly's desk, chatting her up. For a long time, he was like an awkward teenager around her, stammering over disparate points of conversation, trying to figure out the right things to say to her. But, lately, they've developed a nice rapport. And it's been interesting seeing Michael, a usually fairly aggressive personality, being so vulnerable around her. It's been endearing. Seeing this side of Michael has humanized him in a way that has made Eric like him more.
Still, Eric's not so sure that being at a dinner party will do anything to suppress Michael's foibles. Eric's not sure that anything could stifle Michael's foibles. 
"How about some music?" Eric asks.
"That'd be nice."
"Jazz alright?"
"What period are we talking about?"
"All kinds. I was just planning on shuffling my collection."
"Do you play a lot of that post-70's fusion stuff, or any of that late Coltrane-type improvising? That stuff tends to give me a headache."
"It's a nice, breezy mix—nothing too unsettling."
"If you say so."
"Michael," Annie says as she enters the room. "Nice to see you."
"Annie," Michael says, standing up from his chair. "You look… Nice," he says, tempering his compliment just as Sonny Rollins' horn breathes through the speakers in the room.
"You certainly do," Eric says, walking over to her.
"Did you set the table?" she asks Eric.
"What are you wearing?"
"What?"
"You changed."
"Yeah, I wasn't ready yet."
"You looked ready to me."
"Well, I wasn't."
"What was wrong with the dress you had on?"
"Nothing. I just decided to change."
"That's interesting."
"What's so interesting about it?"
"Guys," Michael says, clearly uncomfortable with the tension rising in the room. "Is there any way I could get a drink?"
"Eric didn't offer you a drink?" she asks, but doesn't give Michael a chance to respond. "Would you like some wine?"
"Do you have any beer? Wine tends to make me tired."
"Sure, I think we have some beer."
"No. No, actually, wine's fine," Michael says.
Annie moves out of the room toward the kitchen, giving Eric an accusing look on her way out. And it's clear to Eric from her glare that she's not at all upset that he didn't offer Michael a drink. She's more upset with him for pressing her on what she's wearing, and that he did it in front of Michael.
Eric starts to follow her. Then he stops, not wanting to leave Michael alone. But then he decides to follow her anyway. "I'm going to go help Annie with the wine. Why don't you have a seat?"
"I'm alright standing. I'm too tense to sit," Michael says, moving over to the bay window, giving an accusing look to their Christmas tree.
Eric goes toward the kitchen, finds Annie grabbing wine glasses from the cabinets. 
"Would you like a glass?" she asks.
"I find it funny that you changed right after I told you that Max was coming."
"You find that funny, do you?" she asks, pulling the cork from a bottle of wine.
"I do, yes."
"I just changed my mind. That's all. I wasn't sure about the dress I was wearing. I'm more sure about this one. That's it."
"So, I shouldn't read anything into it?"
"What would you be reading into it? Are you implying that I'm trying to make an impression on your brother?"
"I'm implying more than that."
"What, exactly?"
"That you're being purposefully provocative."
"Eric, it's not as if I've never worn this dress before. You've seen it. You've never had a problem with it in the past."
"But you were wearing it for me then?"
"I'm not now?"
"I don't think you are."
"Eric, you should stop while you're—"
"Are you trying to get him to see what he's missed?"
"And if I were?"
"If you were…," Eric says, surprised by the question. "I'd be… I don't know. I'd be upset."
"Well, don't be. Have a glass of wine and relax," she says, handing him a glass of wine, and swaying by him into the dining room with a glass resting in each of her hands. 
He watches her walk all the way out of the room, staring at the rhythm of her hips as she moves in that black dress—tight around her thin waist, but with a flowing skirt that accentuates the swing of her steps.
"Oh, God," he says, and takes a drink—a big drink.

As Annie moves into the living room, Michael watches her out of the corner of his eye. She's quite beautiful tonight, and it's taken him by surprise. He's only ever seen her in Eric's company, and never quite looked at her as anything other than Eric's wife. Before tonight, he'd never even considered seeing her through a sexual lens. But, now, in that little black dress, with her hair down, she's absolutely breathtaking.
He takes a deliberate breath and turns his attentions back out the window, not wanting to exhibit the temptation of his curiosities toward her.
"We forgot to plug in the Christmas lights," she says. She sets the two wine glasses on the bay of the window, and bends down to plug in the lights. 
Michael tells himself not to look as she kneels down and crawls a little under the tree beside him, but he surrenders to his curiosity and watches her anyway. 
"Ahh, that's better," she says, as the tree's lights come on.
"Did you decorate it?" Michael asks, as she gets back on her feet.
"Yeah, Eric picked out the tree, and I did the ornaments and lights," she says, and moves closer to the window. 
She's close to him, but not too close. Close enough, though, that he can smell a hint of something on her—something subtle and elegant. For a second, he's so stunned by this closeness that he feels a little lightheaded, and doesn't quite know what to do with his body. Then he wonders if he's standing too stiffly, if he's telegraphing this new, and surprising anxiety toward Annie. He tries to relax his legs, consciously breathes easy.
She grabs the wine glasses from the bay, and holds one out to him. "Relax, Michael. You seem nervous."
"I do?" He asks, wondering if she's caught him looking at her. Can she see through his sudden, unexpected attraction to her? Did he let his eyes wander too long?
"Yeah, you're bouncing back and forth like you've had too much coffee or something. You think you can will her here somehow?" she asks, rhetorically. "It won't be too much longer. She'll be here."
"I didn't realize I was so jumpy. It's been a long time since I've… Well, let's just say I've been looking forward to tonight for awhile. Not to mention that I probably have had too much coffee," he says and takes a drink of his wine. It occurs to him, suddenly, that he hasn't eaten anything since breakfast, and that this would explain his lightheadedness, and the faint sense of nausea that's lying on him.
They stand there for a minute, waiting together. Michael's leg starts to bounce again, but he catches it this time. Stops it. 
The silence between them goes on for too long. He gets the feeling that they have nothing left to say to each other, and the awkwardness—the weight of finding something to say—is slowly building. It occurs to Michael that they've never been alone together before, and his only hope is that Eric will save them from their silence.
"We were supposed to get hit by a snow storm tonight, but I think it's supposed to miss us," Annie says.
"We must really have nothing to say to each other if you're on about the weather."
"Sorry. I was just looking at the snow on the ground and it made me think of the storm." 
A car approaches, and they both gooseneck to see if it's slowing by the driveway. It doesn't.
"Looks like you’re anxiously waiting for someone too," he says. 
"Yeah, well, I'm just anxious for everyone to get here."
"Don't throw many parties?"
"Nope. This is our first. I mean, we've had friends over, as you know, but we've never had more than one or two over at once."
"Does that make you nervous?"
"Do I seem nervous?"
"You do, actually."
"Yeah, I guess I am a little nervous."
"Why? You know everyone who's coming, right?"
"Yeah, it's just that… No, you're right. I shouldn't be nervous."
"I didn't say you shouldn't be nervous. I asked why you were nervous."
"She's nervous because I've invited my brother," Eric says from behind them. He's entered the living room with what Annie is sure is his second glass of wine. The glass he's holding is more full than the one she gave him a couple minutes ago. 
"And," Annie says, "it was a last minute thing—very last minute."
"What? You don't get along with him?" Michael asks.
"On the contrary," Eric says.
"Eric, that's enough."
"Sorry I asked," Michael says, feeling that tension from a few minutes ago rising up again. All of a sudden, he's starting to wonder if this was the best night for Eric and Annie to have a dinner party. Neither of them seem quite like themselves. "I didn't realize it was—"
"Don't be sorry," Annie says. "It's just that we haven't seen him in a long time. This is the first time he's been back in town for years."
"Oh," Michael says, letting it go at that, though he senses that there's more under the surface, something that he assumes won't remain below the surface for the remainder of the evening. 
Michael turns back to the window just in time to see a red Subaru turn into the driveway. Michael can't see who's inside, only knows that it's not Holly's car. 
"Who's that?" he asks.
"That's Amy and Wendy," Annie says. "You've never met them?"
"I don't think so."
"You'll like them. They're fun." Annie says, moving toward the front door.
Michael stands there, waiting, wondering what it is about him that makes Annie believe that he likes people who are fun. He's found that people that other people describe as fun are much too gregarious for him to enjoy. He likes his people contemplative, not superficial. Introverted, not extroverted. Expansive, but not needy.
"Hello," Annie says from the hall, greeting Amy and Wendy. "Glad you could make it."
Michael has turned away from the window and is looking toward the living room's entryway, awaiting the always awkward introductions. He hears their voices bounce off one another in the hall, but can't quite make out what they're saying. One voice overlaps another in that familiar, playful way of friends who are genuinely happy to see one another, like some decompression of nervous energy.
Michael looks over at Eric, and he's leaning against the wall next to the hall, staring off into space. He seems oblivious to the fact that he's hosting a party that's happening right now. 
But then Eric seems to come alive. A smile stretches out on his face. Michael can't quite gauge the level of his smile's sincerity, but it was fully prepared as Amy and Wendy entered the room. 
"Eric," Amy says, moving to embrace him. "You look well."
"It's nice to see you," he says. "And Wendy."
"Eric," Wendy says, simply acknowledging him with a nod and a nice smile.
Annie follows in behind them, and she has that socially obligatory look in her eye. Michael can tell it's coming. 
"Amy, have you met Michael?"
"Of course. Hello, Michael."
"Amy," Michael says and nods, playing the part of someone that's happy to see someone else. And he does recognize her. Amy works somewhere in the student center. He's often seen her in Eric's office talking with Holly. He's never really spoken to her, other than a polite nod of recognition from time to time, and he's embarrassed that he'd never learned her name until now.
"Wendy, this is Michael," Annie says, "Michael teaches world religions at the university."
Wendy walks toward him, her hand outstretched. "Nice to meet you, Michael."
"And you," Michael says, clutching her oddly firm hand. He hears his voice rattle in his head like an echo, and he's worried that it's entered some strange, formal mode. He often unconsciously enters this mode—speaking in a tone absent of personality—when he meets someone new.
"World religions, huh? That sounds interesting. Any religion you teach specifically?" Wendy asks.
"Mostly, I teach Judaism, along with a class on the Old Testament," he says, and it occurs to him that Wendy is one of those people who attempts to minimize the awkward silences after an introduction through curious inquiry, and she seems good at it. She's picked a professional question, the kind of question—lightly personal—that will often put a person at ease. Unless, of course, a person is uneasy about their profession. It just so happens that Michael's profession is one of the few things about himself that doesn't make him uneasy.
"Would you like me to take your coats?" Annie asks, motioning toward Amy and Wendy with outstretched hands. They hand her their coats, and then Annie turns toward Michael. "I forgot to grab your coat earlier, would you mind?" 
"No, please," Michael says, taking off his coat, which he hadn't even realized he was still wearing. No wonder he was so warm and sweaty.
Annie takes the coats and leaves the room.
"So, did you hear about the storm?" Wendy asks.
"I heard that it was supposed to pass us to the north," Eric says. 
"I hope so," Amy says. "They said it could bring eight more inches."
"Holly's here," Annie says from the hallway.
Michael take an abrupt step toward the hall, but stops himself. Wendy looks over at him curiously. He takes a step back, and tries to calm himself, feeling the fool. 
"And who's this?" Michael hears Annie ask, hardly able to contain the surprise in her voice.
Michael swears he hears a male voice, and he thinks for a second that… No. He must be mistaken. It can't possibly be what he thinks. Holly couldn't have brought a date. This was supposed to be his big chance with her. This was going to be their night.
A wave of panic flashes over him, and he's afraid it's a look he's not good at hiding. He looks over at Eric, who was already looking at Michael, but then looked away as quickly as Michael caught him looking. It was a pitying look on Eric's face.
Then it is true. She's brought a date, and Michael is utterly humiliated. 
He tries to take a deep breath and reassess the situation. Not everyone here knows that she was coming here to meet him. Eric knows. Annie knows. He thought Holly knew, but there must've been some kind of miscommunication. Something must've gotten lost in translation. Holly's never struck him as someone who would be so unashamedly cruel. 
Michael eases back from the small group in the living room, and finds himself sinking into a chair near the window. He feels as though the whole room in sinking toward him, like he is the point on a cone of gravity that pulls everything into him. 
By now, Amy and Wendy are milling around the edges of the room, talking to one another about Eric and Annie's decor: the Christmas tree, books, paintings, private photos. And, yet, Michael worries that their mannerisms betray them, and that they, too, can sense the tension brought on by his humiliation. Then it occurs to Michael that he is not the gravity in the room. He is the anti-gravity, pushing everyone away. Even Eric is avoiding looking at him, keeping his eyes on the living room's entry way, waiting for Annie and Holly and Holly's date.
Michael turns to look out the window again, trying to get a new perspective on things. His heart is beating hard in his chest. He can feel his pulse bouncing in his throat. The prospects for the rest of the evening have taken such a whiplash-turn for the worse that he's already mapping out possible plans of escape. 
If Annie hadn't just taken his coat, he could just sneak away and exit through the back door. He could easily explain everything to Eric later.
But who needs a coat? He'll just leave. He'll say he needs to go to the bathroom, and then he'll let himself out and drive home.
But Amy and Wendy are parked behind him in the driveway.
He's trapped.
His heart beats faster. He's taking slow, deliberate breaths now, internally repeating the 'in' with each inhale, and 'out' with every exhale. He starts counting the Christmas lights from their reflection in the window— anything to move his mind away. He tries to fit his face with its most natural expression, though it's difficult when he's become so hyper-aware of his face. 
"Holly, I think you know everyone," Annie says as they enter the living room. 
Holly gives a small wave of acknowledgement to everyone, and her eyes quickly pass over Michael. She surrenders the smallest smile as her glance passes by him, and he can't ignore the thrill he feels just in seeing her. He's been looking forward to this dinner since it was arranged a couple weeks ago. And, since they've been on holiday break, it's been several weeks since he last saw her. So, it's not as if he's been able to sneak into Eric's office to steal a minute with her, as he's grown accustomed to doing most days.
Suddenly, though, he worries that he was wrong about her. That smile of hers was its own admission of guilt. It was a tiny apology. She's either deliberately avoiding the situation with him, or she really is just a callous person.
But she is beautiful. 
As Annie takes her coat, Michael can't keep his eyes off her. His panic, his humiliation, disappears when he watches her shoulders rise and dip from her coat. Her red, floral pattern dress hangs near the outside of her shoulders, exposing a good deal of skin. It's a strange dress for her to wear in the winter, but he appreciates her bare arms, and those thin, elegant wrists of hers. The skirt of her dress falls just above her knees, and, since Michael has rarely seen her when she's not behind a desk, he can't help but sneak a look at her long legs. 
She is a tall, breathtaking woman, and he knows he could love her. Maybe, he already does. 
But she's not his tonight. 
"And this is Tim, a friend of Holly's," Annie says as a young man enters the room—a young, handsome man. 
And, just like that, Michael's panic returns.
Annie whispers something to Eric. She looks briefly at Michael as she whispers, and he assumes that, whatever she's saying, it has something to do with him. It's clear that her and Eric are thrown by the fact that Holly has brought an unexpected guest, and that Michael's shame is exposed. Annie, even, looks almost as flustered as he feels. 
Then Annie takes Holly by the arm. 
"We're going to the kitchen to start getting things ready," Annie says as they leave the room.
"I'll come with you," Amy says, leaving Wendy behind thumbing through Eri's vast record collection. Wendy nervously watches them leave, and suddenly she looks as awkward as everyone else who's been left behind. You get the since that she would've liked to have left the room with Amy, but waited too long to act, and now she's stuck in a suddenly very quiet living room with three men she barely knows.

"What were you thinking?" Annie asks Holly as they move to the kitchen.
"About what?"
"Bringing someone."
"I didn't want to come by myself."
"You wouldn't have been by yourself. We're here."
"You know what I mean."
"No, I know that you've embarrassed me and Eric, and God knows how Michael feels. He looks absolutely mortified."
"Why should he be mortified?"
"Seriously?"
"What?"
"You were supposed to be coming here to be with him tonight. That was the whole reason we were having this party, to get you two together."
"You're kidding?"
"No," Annie says, shaking her head, "I'm not kidding."
"I had no idea."
"Yes you did."
"I did not."
"So, you're saying," Annie says, pouring wine into three glasses, "that you had no idea that tonight was a setup."
"My hand to God."
"You don't believe in God."
"It's an expression," Holly says, grabbing a glass of wine from Annie. "Besides, I can assure you that if I did know, I would've never agreed to come." 
"But you did know that he was going to be here?"
"I did, but—"
"And you know how he feels about you?"
"I know that he's interested, yes."
"Interested? More like obsessed."
"You talking about Michael?" Amy asks, grabbing a glass of wine.
"Yes, Michael," Holly says.
"He's cute," Amy says.
"Right?" Annie says, looking at Holly.
"I guess," Holly says.
"He is," Annie says. "You know he is. You're just being contrarian."
"So, he thought tonight was a date?" Holly asks.
"Yes. We all did."
"No, not all of us."
"God, that is embarrassing," Amy says.
"Well, it's not my fault. I blame Eric."
"Eric? How is it Eric's fault?" Annie asks.
"He wasn't clear. He never said anything about coming here to set me up with Michael."
"What did he say?"
"Just that… He told me that you guys were having a party, and he asked if I would come, and then, almost as an afterthought, he told me that Michael was coming, and that Michael was looking forward to seeing me."
"That sounds like something to me," Annie says.
"What something? No, that sounds like nothing."
"Amy, does that sound like something to you?"
"I don't know. Maybe. I'd probably think that he meant something just by mentioning that Michael was going to be here, particularly if I knew that Michael was interested in me."
"Any perceptive person would have seen that he meant something," Annie says.
"Okay, so I'm not perceptive. But there's nothing I can do about now," Holly says, and takes a large gulp of wine. "But, now, I feel bad. I hope you’re happy, Annie."
"No, you're right. We can't do anything about it now."
"So, Tim. What's up with him?" Amy asks.
"Nothing's up with him. He's just my beard."
"Your beard?" Amy asks.
"Yeah, I brought him because I knew Michael was going to be here, and I was hoping to avoid any flirty awkwardness."
"Come on, you like it when he flirts," Annie says. "I've seen you with him. You like the attention."
"I do not."
"You do."
Holly looks at Annie with a serious look on her face, but then she smiles. She clearly does like Michael's flirting.
"Does your beard know he's a beard?" Amy asks.
"Yeah, he knows. He's an old friend of John's," Holly says, and then there is a long silence that descends. Annie is looking down into the mashed potatoes. 
Amy is looking out into the empty dining room.
"Guys, I think we can get beyond the awkward silences whenever John is mentioned," Holly says. "Isn't it time?"
"Yes, it's time." Annie says.
"You're right. Sorry," Amy says.
"Don't be sorry. You didn't kill him," Holly says, deadpan.
"Holly. That's a terrible thing to say," Annie says.
"Just trying to lighten the mood a bit."
Annie starts scooping mashed potatoes out of a large aluminum tray and into a serving bowl. "Holly, can you get me a serving spoon out of that drawer behind you?"
"Why are we women-folk stuck here in the kitchen?" Holly asks, grabbing a spoon and handing it to Annie. "Shouldn't we be beyond this by now?"
"Yes, we're so oppressed," Amy says, sarcastically.
"Right," Annie says. "And I've been slaving over this fully catered dinner all day."
"Yeah, but, still, we're all in here, and all the men are out there."
"Not all of us," Amy says. "Wendy's still out there."
"Besides, if it bothers you so much, go out there and send Eric in to help. He'll get more done than you anyway."
"But I don't want to be out there with them."
"Then that's why you're in here with us," Annie says.
"I guess it does give me an excuse to sneak more wine," Holly says. 
"Speaking of wine," Eric says, moving into the kitchen. "I need a glass for Tim and Wendy. I could use a refill myself."
"How many glasses have you had?" Annie asks, sure he's already drank two.
"Not anymore than you've had, I'm sure," he says, pouring the wine. "Besides, it's a tough crowd out there."
"What do you mean?" Holly asks.
"Well, since you dropped the Tim bomb on the party, Michael has been downright mute, and, frankly, Tim doesn't seem like much of a conversationalist either. Though, to be fair, it probably hasn't helped that Michael has been glaring at him for the past five minutes."
"Oh, god," Holly says, "Should I go out there?"
"I wouldn't if I were you," Eric says.
"Good."
"And I've been stuck trying to talk to Wendy about my old jazz records."
"But Wendy doesn't know anything about jazz," Amy says.
"Right. See what I'm dealing with out there," he says. "How much longer before we eat, you think?"
"I don't know. Soon," Annie says. "When's Max going to be here?"
"Max?" Holly asks. "Max is coming."
"Who's Max?" Amy asks.
"Max is my brother."
"I didn't know you had a brother," Amy says.
"I haven't, really, for the better part of a decade."
"When's he going to be here?" Annie asks, clearly trying to end any further inquiries about Max.
"Any second, I guess. I don't know," he says, and looks at his watch. "He's late already."
"Well, how much longer do you think we should give him?"
"A few more minutes."
"Okay, well, we're going to start taking stuff to the table," Annie says.
"Need any help?" Eric asks.
"No, we got this."
Eric grabs the three glasses of wine and leaves the kitchen.
"Max is coming, really?" Holly asks. "And you didn't tell me?"
"I didn't want to talk about it."
"What's the big deal?" Amy asks.
"Max and Annie went to high school together, and they used to be—"
"Holly. Don't. I don't want to talk about it."
"Fine, but I can't believe you were giving me a hard time about things being awkward with Michael when Max is going to be here. Talk about awkward."
"I know."
"And you haven't seen him at all since he's been back?"
"No, but… I thought I said I didn't want to talk about this."
"Fine, but—"
"Should I be worried about tonight?" Amy asks. "There seems to be a lot of sticky subtext at this dinner."
"But subtext is what makes a dinner party interesting," Holly says. "Just be happy you're not one of the players. You can just sit back and enjoy the show."
"There's not going to be any show," Annie says, trying to assure Amy. "Now, can you guys help me take this stuff out to the table?"

The car is running. Max is huddled inside, arms crossed over his body, trying to stay warm. The heater in his dad's car seems broken. He's had the blower on high the whole time, but the car barely seems any warmer than it was when he first got in at his parents’ house down the road. So, he's been sitting in the cold, staring up the hill at Eric and Annie's house for the better part of ten minutes.
He stares at their house, or what he can see of it from this distance, and thinks about how strange it is to think that they live there together. And the idea of seeing them together, facing them as a couple after all this time, is more daunting than it was when Eric first asked him to dinner. And he's no closer to climbing the hill now than he was ten minutes ago. Or ten years ago for that matter.
When Eric asked him over, he thought he could do it. He thought he was ready. And, in the moment, he had every intention of going to their house, seeing them, trying to let all those old feelings go. Besides, it wasn't as if he didn't have a ready excuse to refuse Eric's invitation. He and Stacy were scheduled to fly out this evening, and he certainly wouldn't have accepted if he didn't think he was ready, if he didn't think it was important for him to finally see them together. But it wasn't until after he explained to Stacy that he was staying an extra day—an innocuous explanation, withholding any relevant dramatic and historical details—and sent her off alone in their rental car to the airport, that he was faced with the stark reality of seeing them again. 
But it wasn't the prospect of seeing them together that gave him pause. It was the thought of seeing her again that really had him in knots. 
When he knew he was coming back home, and seeing her was only a possibility and not a foregone conclusion, it was endurable. Barely, but still. Now, though, knowing that she's there, in that house atop the hill, only a couple hundred feet away, he can hardly stand it.
He thought this was the time to come home and face what he'd spent the past ten years avoiding. It was time to put all his anger and resentment behind him. If anything, he'd let too much time pass since he'd been back. He believed that ten years was plenty long enough to learn to forgive Eric, to forgive Annie. And, even if he hadn't quite forgiven them, it was time for him to make them believe that he had forgiven them.
But once he was here, his mere proximity to her woke up all those slumbering emotions. Not as if they were ever completely gone. He'd clearly never forgotten his love for her, never let it stray too far from his thoughts. Really, she's lived with him like some wonderful disease over the past decade, and she's kept him beautifully in ruins. And, though he could've tried harder to rid himself of her, he's never quite wanted to let her go.
 He's spent the better part of the last decade feebly trying to suppress her from his memory—through work and other women—but he's always pulled her back to him whenever he's needed her. She's always been his touchstone when he needed something true to believe in again. Too often, he's unfolded memories of her during periods of emotional turmoil. He seems to have built some mythology about her in his mind, a mythology that keeps some vital light alive inside him.
But he believed he'd gotten to a point, had been far enough from her for long enough, that at least he could pretend that he was over her. After all, he'd gotten so good at pretending over the years, pretending that he wasn't starving for her.
But, as he travelled from the airport with Stacy, he found himself taking the long way to his parents’ house, passing all the places he and Annie used to go, all the places that still hold the memories he has of her: their high school, the art house movie theater where they spent so many evenings, the lake where they first made love. 
Of course, this drive through he and Annie's past was done under the guise of taking Stacy on a tour of his hometown, but he never quite anticipated how much it would wake up inside him. If he had spent the past ten years fueling his love for her exclusively through what he could remember, then all the memories that were newly recovered by traveling through the landmarks of their past were only building a brighter torch.
He can't deny that there have been moments when he's wanted nothing more than to forget her. She's still the only woman he's ever truly loved. And it's not as if he hasn't tried to move on. He's been with his fair share of women since Annie, but none of them could hold a candle to her. Perhaps, she's created an unfair metric in his personal history for any other woman to hope to reach.
But, then again, when Eric asked him to come for dinner, he thought this could be his opportunity to see that she's not all that he remembers her to be. No doubt she's changed since the last time he saw her, the spring before she graduated college.
Maybe she's let herself go. Maybe time has made her more cynical, taken some of that light from her face. Maybe the cruel realities of adulthood have beaten her spirit, weakened her old joy of life. She is, after all, living in their old hometown, teaching piano to kids. This certainly is not what she hoped for herself when they were still young and idealistic.
Not that he hopes for her to be unhappy. 
In fact, it could be that, if she were unhappy, he may feel compelled to want to rescue her. And he can't afford to find that kind of hope.
Not that he pines for something to happen now. He only pines for what used to be. And that's gone now.
Unless… 
What if she's still the same? What if she still looks the same? Like his Annie? The Annie he remembers? The Annie he still loves.

When Annie and Max were together in high school, Eric was long gone at university. In fact, Annie only remembers meeting him once or twice at Max's family's holiday get-togethers, and she can hardly remember if they ever even spoke to one another. She probably did have words with him, but, back then, there didn't seem to be another man alive other than Max. 
They became friends at the beginning of their junior year, and it was apparent immediately that they were romantically interested in one another. And once they started dating, they were inseparable. They spent every available second with each other, only separating at nights, and even then only because they had to abide by certain social and parental perimeters. Their lives revolved so closely around the other's that they found they had very little time or interest in maintaining their other relationships, and, consequently, they let many friendships dwindle away. But they never tired of one another's company, and they honestly never felt they needed for anything when they were together. 
And this immersion in one another continued through their junior and senior years. They grew together, matured together. And they were never naive about the tension between their youth and what that could mean for their relationship's longevity. Many young love affairs have been cut short by attempts at a long distance relationship, and they knew the odds were against them. In order to prevent this from happening to them, they prepared their futures with the health of their relationship at the forefront of their planning. When it came time to apply to colleges, they had decided they would apply to all the same schools, and agreed to only attend one where they were both accepted.
But Annie was a musician. She'd been playing piano just about as long as she could sit upright on the bench. Music was the language she knew almost before she spoke English. Her mother was a proficient player, and taught piano part-time from their home. So, either by playing the piano on her own, or hearing the piano played by others, it became the primary soundtrack to Annie's life. And thinking of going to a liberal arts university, and not a college specifically built around music, made her worry that she might be selling her future short somehow. It was simply a part of her life she couldn't ignore. 
So, as a long shot, she applied to the Berklee College of Music in Boston. She didn't tell Max, which was strange and difficult for her. She'd kept nothing from him up to that point— every doubt, every feeling was openly expressed between them. That's one of the reasons their relationship was so special, and—she would learn later—unlike any relationship she would ever experience again.
Eventually, Max and Annie learned they were both accepted to Stanford. They were ecstatic. They were going to be able to escape the east coast for the west, and they were going to be able to do it together, and at one of the elite schools in the country.
She hadn't heard from the Berklee College of Music by then and had pretty much given up on the whole idea. In her mind, at least she'd given it a shot, and she would never regret having given it a try. But, a few days after her and Max heard about Stanford, she received a letter inviting her to audition in Boston. It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and one her mother let her know she simply couldn't pass up.
Her mother was not the kind of parent who pushed her child toward her own life's dream. She wasn't that selfish. Sure, her mom played the piano with her as a child, but it was something they did together, and something Annie gravitated to on her own, something she genuinely enjoyed. Some of her fondest memories from childhood are of sitting at the piano, learning to play, and the joy of playing something true. She's always appreciated the time her mom spent with her at the piano, and having been able to share this deep love of music with her mom was a gift she never took for granted. But her mom was not the happiest person, and she certainly had regrets, wished she'd lived a more exciting youth, and she certainly did not want to see her daughter carry similar regrets. 
Annie's mom met her dad when they were both undergraduates, and her mother had dropped out after she became pregnant with Annie. So, her mom could not help but let her own life's regrets inform her attitude toward Max and Annie's relationship. She never kept a secret of the fact that, though she loved Max, and thought he was good for Annie, she also believed they were much too young to be so serious.
But they were serious, and love has never been discriminate of age.
Still, Annie started spending less time with Max as she began to practice for her audition, and it was hurting her every bit as much as it was confusing him. She still hadn't told him about Berklee. There was no guarantee that she would get in, and why put him through the anxiety of something that wasn't yet a certainty? But he couldn't understand why she was so busy all of a sudden, and her excuses for avoiding him were thin and shifty with contrivances. Her new distance was clearly hurting him, and she felt trapped between the dishonesty of hiding her audition and the deeper hurt the truth could cause him. 
But she swears that the heartbreak of being away from him built up a deeper desire in her work, and her passion poured from her fingers into the music. Her performance grew more dramatic and expansive over those weeks of practice, and her confidence grew into the pleasure of her playing. She'd never really reached that level of transcendence while playing in the past, and now it was common for her to play, suddenly look up from the keys feeling a buzz, and realize she had finished a piece hardly cognizant of the work it took to play it. Though she was trying hard to ignore what might happen if she were accepted to Berklee, she began to feel more confident about her prospects.
But she didn't know if she'd have the strength to say goodbye to Max. The mere idea of it was unthinkable. Really. 
So, she just didn't think about it.
The day of the audition she knew she could play like she had nothing to lose. If she were accepted to Berklee, then Max would have to go to Stanford on his own. If she were denied admission, then she'd move to Stanford with Max and things would be exactly the way she thought they'd be only a few months earlier. 
But, as she played, her thoughts, and her fingers, were completely free of anxiety, lightly tripping over the keys with a fragile certainty. Max was in her mind, as he always was in those days, and it gave her playing that same passion she had tapped into during her weeks of practice. She still believes that any lack of ability she may have exhibited that day was compensated by this impassioned performance. After she finished, and stood up beside the piano, her body was buzzing with the elation of nearing perfection, and when she looked at the representatives from Berklee, she could see that they felt it too. She knew then that she would be accepted. At that moment the acceptance letter was simply a formality. 
Still, she had decided not to tell Max, or, rather, her fear, her utter denial of the reality of the situation, had decided for her. And, anyway, she knew Max well enough to know that it would destroy him, and that he would react to the news with fury. 
There was rarely an ounce of rationality in Max when he was confronted with unpleasant news, particularly when the news fell outside his control. Usually, it was Annie who would talk him down from these outbursts, but this time she would be the cause of the bad news. Of course, his outbursts were never manifest in a physical way. Max was too civilized to react with violence, or even threats of violence. But he wouldn't hesitate to destroy someone with his words, or, worse, with his eyes. No one Annie had ever known, then, or to this day, could do more to communicate with their eyes than Max. No one could say more about their hurt, their anger, or their passionate love than Max could with a simple look. His eyes often spoke more clearly than he did.
Weeks went by, and since her practice time had calmed after the audition, Annie and Max fell easily into their old habits. They were inseparable again. She listened with polite attention as he talked about all the things they would do once they were in California. And she did her best to listen to him talk about these things, and to never lie about her intentions, usually by changing the subject, or dancing around specifics altogether. 
But, eventually, she knew she was going to have to tell him the truth.
Max and Annie—mostly Max—had been planning a cross-country drive to California after graduation. He was hoping to spend some time in Stanford, get a feel for the campus, and learn the community where they would be spending the next four years of their lives. At first, she thought she would go along with him on the trip, tell him at a point when things were quiet, reflective, and the time seemed right. But she understood that she was just putting off the inevitable, and that it was only right for her to tell him before the trip.
So, on the eve of their trip, she sat in her childhood bedroom and told the man she hoped she'd spend her life with, the man that she loved so much that it was unbearable to think of spending any real time away from him, that she was going to school in Boston, and that he would be going to school in California without her.
She had planned everything she would say beforehand, but, as she spoke, all those neatly organized thoughts fell apart like sand, and she clumsily explained herself through tears. He listened to everything she said, but the look in his eyes told her all she needed to know. There was a hurt that stirred in him so large, a pain that flashed with bursts of visible anger. And she knew that things between them would never be the same.
But he heard her out. He didn't speak a word as she told him about Berklee, about how she never thought she'd be accepted, and how she knew she'd never forgive herself if she didn't take the opportunity. She told him how sorry she was for deceiving him, and that she would still like to go on their cross country trip, that this didn't mean that their relationship would end, and that she believed that their love was strong enough to endure the distance. And, when she was done, he silently got up from her bed, and without a word or another look in her direction, he left her room and her house. 
She tried to call him that night, but he never went back home. He must have already had his bags packed and loaded in his car because, after he left her, he started driving cross-country to California alone. 
And once he got to Stanford, he didn't come back.
It was nearly six months before she heard from him again.

By the time Max did finally get in touch with Annie, they were both busy with their new lives at school, and there was a long period of adjusting their behavior to the new distance between them. It wasn't just the obvious physical distance they were adjusting to, but an emotional distance that had been built over the past six months. Max still felt that Annie had betrayed him, their future, their love. She'd lied to him, and showed him that her ambition was stronger than her love. 
And Annie was still shocked by his sudden disappearance, how he so quickly abandoned her at a point when she was so clearly vulnerable. And, even if they were to be separated in the fall, they could've still had that summer together. Instead, she was stuck facing that cruelest of summers, heartbreakingly alone. 
If not for her music, she doesn't know what she would've done with herself over those six months. She tried to put a positive spin on her situation. After all, his absence did give her a ton more time to become a better pianist. But, still, those summer months were excruciating. Every day she waited for some word from him—a call, a letter, anything. He gave her nothing. If it hadn't been for his parents, she wouldn't have even known he was alive.
And when he finally did call, it took time to get past the awkwardness of all the hurt feelings. They had done a lot of soul searching in six months, and it was difficult to come to terms with how much they had both been changed by their pain. And, so, the calls were disparate at first—mostly brief, guarded conversations about generic topics. They were both learning to come to terms with the new reality of their relationship. 
He'd call about once a week, and, though she hoped for his calls, her conversation remained cautious for months. She wanted so badly to let him know how angry she was at him, ask him what he had done with himself over those six months, why he'd waited so long to get in touch with her. But she couldn't. Things were still too raw, too delicate between them. 
And they were both fully aware of the questions that hung between them, and there was no denying the tension these unanswered questions caused. 
But they were also aware of the love that was still hanging on, a love that never let go.

As the months went by, and their first year apart turned into their second year apart, his calls became more frequent, and they began to open up to one another again. By that second year, instead of waiting for him to call her, she was comfortably calling him, and the distance between them was closing more and more by the day. Yet, there was not going to be any summer rendezvous. He was going to school non-stop, even through the summer, and Annie was busy working to keep herself financially afloat in a very expensive Boston. 
They weren't deluded though. They were fully aware that they had grown attached to each other again. They were not technically together, and there was never any suggestion of a romantic relationship between them. There was certainly mutual awareness of the emotions they felt, and they would never deny that they were still in love. But, on a practical level, they knew that a relationship wasn't plausible under their current circumstances. So, they were always available to date other people. 
But they didn't.
For the first two years there was nobody else for either of them.
But, as they became more comfortable with their new dynamic, they talked openly about not wanting to hold each other back socially. They knew that, even if they wanted to be together, they weren't going to be together for quite awhile. There was no point continuing down their current, celibate paths. At their age, they knew that nothing was certain. They agreed that it wasn't practical to let their college years pass them by for a love that was thousands of miles away.
So, they began to date other people. But these dates only led to brief, shallow relationships. It's not as if any of these dates lacked the depth of emotional possibility. On the contrary, it was Max and Annie who were the shallow ones. They had made themselves emotionally unavailable to anyone else. The biggest fault for everyone Annie dated was that they weren't Max. For Max, no girl was Annie. It wouldn't take long for anyone they were with to know that their hearts belonged somewhere else. 
Even if they were in the middle of a date, they'd drop what they were doing to take the other's call, and, though they were cognizant of how awkward it was to talk about an ex on a date, they would do it without hesitation. They couldn't help showing their disinterest in pursuing anything substantive. It was as if these dates were nothing more than a personal test. They were testing the true resolve of the long distance connection they had been building. 
So, after their third year away from each other, it was clear that they couldn't continue to deny what was between them any longer. Max had set a goal to graduate after the fall semester, and they had both agreed that he would move into her tiny, studio apartment in Boston. 
They would finally be together again.
It was time.

Sitting in the corner of Eric and Annie's living room, Tim is growing accustomed to Michael's stare. He's doing his best to avoid looking in Michael's direction, but it's difficult to ignore the strangeness of his persistence. Tim stares at the Christmas lights, looks out the window, or speaks to Wendy when she asks him one of the many inane personal questions she keeps asking. He nods along to the jazz in the room, taps his fingers on his knee, anything to pretend that he's not bothered by Michael's non-stop glaring.  
Tim knows that Michael is romantically interested in Holly. That's why she asked him to come with her tonight. She didn't want to be stuck with him on her own, having to endure his awkward, flirty conversation. She just doesn't have the heart to tell him that she's not emotionally ready to be involved with anyone right now.
This isn't the first "date" Tim's been on with Holly over the past several years. After John—his childhood friend and Holly's husband—shot himself nearly four years ago, Tim has always tried to make himself available to her whenever she's needed him. 
Immediately after John's death, he stayed with her during those first dreary days and weeks. She just couldn't stand to be alone in their house. And who could blame her? She was the one who found John's body in the garage. And, outside of the rescue workers that answered her 911 call that night, only she knows what he looked like after the shot, and he's certain it's an image she'll never erase. 
Holly, Tim, and many of John and Holly's assorted family and friends spent the days after the funeral gathering John's stuff from the house, deciding who would take what, and what would be given to charity. Then everyone pitched in to help Holly pack her own stuff. There was never any doubt that she would move, and everyone seemed to understand why she wanted out of the house as quickly as possible. It was pretty obvious from her emotional condition during these early days that it wouldn't be realistic for her to continue living in that house.
After she moved, and was safe in her new apartment, Tim made it a point to try and give her some distance. Even though it was clear she was still hurting, he felt that her obsessive need to be unalone was only delaying the hard work of coming to terms with John's death, and with accepting this new life she was suddenly facing. And, for his own selfish reasons, Tim wanted some space to deal with his own shock, his own sadness. His best friend had just died, and he wanted to deal with the death of his friend without having to worry about Holly all the time. 
It wasn't until later that he realized that helping her was the best way for him to deal with losing John.
But it didn't matter how much distance he tried to give her. She just couldn't be alone. Months went by with friends, mostly Tim, babysitting Holly. Eventually, her mother came to stay with her, but it took nearly a year before she was able to get back to her life again.
Still, even as Tim met someone and started to build his own life, Holly would often call on him from time to time to accompany her to a friend's wedding, a faculty party at the university, or for something like this dinner party tonight.
But, from the start, tonight seemed different from all those other nights. When she was telling him about Michael, she was smiling. He hadn't seen her smile like that—an easy smile, not forced—for a very long time. In a way, he got the impression that she wanted Tim to believe she was laughing Michael off, but instead he got the impression that Michael's shameless affection for her only endeared him to her more deeply.
And he noticed that she seemed uncharacteristically nervous as they got closer to Eric and Annie's house, which struck Tim as strange since she'd been a close friend of theirs since she'd started working as Eric's assistant several years ago.
Also, Tim noticed that she cared more about her appearance tonight than at any other time he's been around her. And Holly is a naturally beautiful woman—very beautiful. Tim's seen her at her worst and at her best, and, though she'd never know it, there's never been a time when she wasn't the prettiest girl in the room. In fact, if Tim thought for one second that John would've been okay with it, or if he thought his advances wouldn't have creeped her out, he would've made a pass at her long ago. It's not as if he hasn't wanted to, or that he hasn't fallen in love with her a thousand different times in a thousand different ways, but he's always known that she'd never be his. She'd never look at him the same way she looked at John, and even if she could, he would always be too connected to John for her to love him without the memory of John casting a shadow over them.
But, tonight, she was obviously being beautiful for someone else. She must've checked her hair and make-up a dozen times in the car's visor mirror. It got to the point where even she became self-conscious about it, glancing over to see if Tim was noticing how often she was checking her hair and face. And he can't say if the dress she's wearing tonight is new or not, but it certainly looks new. And she's wearing it well.
So, if he didn't know better, he'd think she was trying to impress this Michael guy, and that she only invited Tim to act as a cover in case she finds that she's not ready to take that final step. And Tim's just as afraid as she is that she's not ready to take that step. 
But sometimes the moment chooses for you, ready or not.
From Tim's perspective, Michael seems like the perfect guy to bring her out of her rut. She needed someone who was willing to play the long game with her, which is exactly what Michael's been doing. She needed someone who would patiently pull her from what remains of her grief, and Michael had the look of someone who would wait as long as it took to get what he wanted.
So, as much as Michael is staring at him like he's the bad guy, Tim's rooting for him.

"I think we're ready," Annie says from the dining room.
"Okay, dinner," Eric says to everyone in the living room.
Annie is standing at the doorway to the dining room waiting for everyone. Holly and Amy are by the table behind her waiting to show everyone where to sit. 
"So, we're not waiting for Max?" Eric asks, as he passes Annie.
"We did wait. I gave him five minutes."
"Do you think we could…?" Eric starts to ask, but stops once he sees Annie approach Michael.
"Michael, I'm sorry about Holly," she says, quietly, leaning near him, her hand flat on the front of his shoulder. 
Michael is taken aback by the tenderness of the gesture, worried that it expresses an empathy too strong to be anything other than pity. 
"I honestly didn't know she was bringing anyone," Annie continues. "You shouldn't worry about it though. It's not what it seems."
"What do you mean by that?"
"I'm going to sit you next to Amy," she says, ignoring him. 
Michael looks over at Amy, she's already sitting down, looking at Michael, a dumb smile on her face. 
"You'll like her. She's fun," Annie says.
Again, Annie's mistaking him for someone who is attracted to fun. "Why do you keep—?" he starts to ask, but is interrupted by the doorbell.
Annie's face freezes, and to Michael she looks genuinely frightened.
"Are you alright?" he asks.
She doesn't answer him. 
She takes a step away from Michael and toward the hallway. She can see Max's silhouette through the frosted glass of the front door. She tries to compose herself, but her heart is exploding in her chest. She tries to catch her breath before she turns back toward the dining room.
"Sorry, Eric, could you get that? I just remembered I forgot to grab the rolls from the kitchen," she says, not waiting for his answer before she starts moving toward the kitchen. And, though she feels as though everyone's looking at her, and that she's moving as if she were walking in mud, she makes an effort not to look at anyone as she passes through the dining room. She's embarrassed, worried that her strange behavior is betraying her true feelings, afraid that the blood of the blush she feels might actually be painted on her face.
Of course, she knows that she left the rolls in the kitchen on purpose. When Amy tried to grab the rolls to take to the table, Annie stopped her, told her she would get them. The rolls were her escape hatch if, or when, Max arrived. She'd still been holding out hope he might not show.
Eric moves to the hall and opens the front door. "You made it. I was starting to worry you weren't coming."
"No, I just got caught at the house. You know Mom. Once she starts talking…"
"Oh, I know," Eric says. "Can I take your coat?" he asks, as Max passes him into the hall.
"Sure," Max says, and shrugs his coat off, hands it to Eric. "Something smells good."
"Yeah, we're…" Eric says, looking out the front door. "Where's Stacy?"
"Oh, I thought you knew. She had a flight to catch. She needed to get back to her folks' house tonight. She left just after you did earlier."
"No, I didn't know," Eric says, shutting the door. And all of a sudden he feels that he's made a terrible mistake inviting Max. When Eric thought he had a date things felt different, more secure somehow. But now… Now… 
"You alright, Eric?" Max asks.
"Yeah, sorry," Eric says. "You got here just in time. We almost got started without you." 
They enter the dining room, and Eric absently lays Max's coat on the back of the upright piano at the entrance into the dining room.
"Everyone, this is my brother, Max," Eric says as they enter. "And, Max, this is Holly. She's my assistant in the ombudsman's office, and that's her friend Tim. Then there's Wendy and Amy. Amy also works at the university. And Michael. Michael taught with me in the philosophy department until world religions, where he teaches, branched off into their own department."
Max nods at everyone, and gives them a kind of a half-hearted wave. Everyone smiles politely and nods back, and Wendy mutters, "Nice to meet you."
Michael visibly winces at this introduction, and if he didn't feel like it would make everyone more uncomfortable, he would've told Eric that the awkwardness of that whole scene was exhibit A for why he shows up so early to parties. 
"Have a seat," Eric says, tapping his hand on the back of the chair at the head of the table—the end closest to where they're standing. Eric moves back to the head of the table on the opposing side. "Would you like some wine, Max?"
"Sure, that would be nice."
"Annie, could you grab the wine while you're in there?" Eric calls to Annie.
"Yeah, just a minute," Annie calls back.
She's standing by the sink looking at nothing in particular. The basket of rolls is in her hand, and her other hand is firmly planted on the counter. It seems to be the only thing holding her upright.
She realizes that she's already been away too long for someone who was just fetching a basket of rolls. But she needs time. How much time can she kill before she'll have been gone too long without an explanation? Even with the wine, she should already be out there, sitting, chatting everyone up. That is the role she's expected to play.
She shouldn't have drank so much wine before dinner. Her head is absolutely swimming. But she's not certain whether it's the wine or Max's arrival that's sent her spinning. She felt fine, if just a little tense, before he showed up. But, then, once the doorbell rang, she hit a solid wall of panic. 
Still, she can't wait in here forever. She's got to put herself together and just walk out there. And she can't let her panic show. She can't worry about how she'll react when she sees him. But can she stay composed? It's been so long. Will he look the same? No, he can't look the same. What if he looks better? He'll certainly look more adult. The boy, the young man, she fell in love with will have been replaced by the man he has become.
"Annie, you need some help?" Eric calls.
"No, I'm coming," she says, and realizes there's no more time to waste. She just has to get herself straight, and pretend away all the noise in her head.
She moves out to the dining room with the basket of rolls in her hands, and there he is, Max, looking straight at her. 
She stops moving, stuck in complete stillness by the table. She knows she should be moving. Her mind, even, is telling her, yelling at her, to set the rolls on the table and sit down, but her body has slipped playfully away from her.
"Annie?" Eric asks. 
Everyone is looking at her now.
"The wine!" she says, a little too abruptly, a little too loudly, startling the room. "I knew I forgot something," she says, trying to recover. She turns to leave the room. Stops. Turns back and sits the rolls on the table, all the while reminding herself not to look at him. Then she turns back to the kitchen.
Once she's free of everyone's eyes, she cracks open, just wants to fall on the floor and cry. She's absolutely terrified. He looks even better than she feared he might. One look at him and ten years of barely repressed love and desire woke up inside her, and now she has to go back out there and pretend that she doesn't feel like her whole life has suddenly changed, like a bright light of hope hasn't just switched on inside her.
She grabs the opened bottle of wine on the counter, takes a long drink from the bottle, and grabs another bottle from the rack under the counter.
No more delays.

II. Dinner

Annie enters the dining room holding both bottles of wine. She readies a bottle to pour, and is standing by Max hardly before she even realizes it. She's decided it's best not to look at him. If she looks at him, she's afraid she won't be able to hide everything that's swimming inside her. And if she exposes herself in any way, she won't be able to hide from Max, from Eric, or from anybody else at the table. And she can't afford not to hide right now.
She starts to pour into his empty glass. "Anyone else want more wine?"
"I could use a topping off," Eric says.
She finishes pouring for Max, and walks the few remaining steps to her seat on wobbly legs. If she'd known she'd feel this unsteady, she wouldn't have worn such high heels. 
Once she's safely in her chair, she hands Eric the open bottle and sits the unopened bottle on the table, not too far from her full glass. She'll need it soon enough. She knows she should slow her drinking down, but, then again, she has to do something with her hungry hands. The tense energy that's running through her body necessitates movement, and, since she's afraid to speak, she takes a drink—a long, slow sip. She puts the glass down and closes her eyes. She wishes she could just shut her eyes, and be somewhere else, just close them and disappear. 
But she can't.
She opens her eyes. She can feel Max's stare stuck on her, but she won't look in his direction. Not yet.
Something inside her wants to jump up and tell him to back off, but another part of her is reveling in his stare, as if her skin can feel his eyes running over her flesh. Her fingers stretch up her neck near her ear. She tries to rub his eyes off her skin, or to feel it more directly. She is a stuck in a mental maze of contradictions, and she can't set her mind straight. She looks around the table, attempts a smile, and feels something like one move across her mouth. She can hardly look at the salad in front of her, and wonders if she'll be able to conjure enough hunger to eat anything at all.
Max is gripping the seat of his chair, hard. He didn't realize how tense his body was until she walked away from him. He's sitting too rigidly. His back is unnaturally straight, and his head is too firmly planted on the rod of his neck. He wants to force himself into something resembling relaxation, but he's afraid that, as he relaxes, he'll only broadcast his tension. If he decompresses as much as he feels he should, he's afraid it'll look as if he's suddenly deflating himself.
Once he sat down after Eric's initial introductions, he felt he had started to gain his equilibrium. He had made it into the house, which was a bigger obstacle than he had anticipated, and he had arrived just in time to avoid any pre-dinner weirdness. He was safely at the dinner table. If he played his cards right, he figured he could be in and out in hardly more than an hour. He started to believe that he just might make it through the evening unscathed. 
Still, he was intentionally avoiding the inevitability of Annie's entrance. He wasn't entirely successful at avoiding the fact of her presence, but he was doing his best to pretend they weren't about to be in the same room. 
So, when she appeared, all his comfortable illusions were sent for a loop. When she walked out of the kitchen, and her eyes fell on him, it was as if the room shook. Before seeing her, things were almost fine—deceptively fine, but still. Then, it was if some curtain parted, she emerged, and the whole room turned to theater. Max was on stage with the lights turned on him, and his anxiety was rising higher and higher. He felt like all eyes were on him and he had no lines to speak. It didn't help his anxiety that, in that moment, some emotional certainty was clearly exchanged between them. It was like suddenly waking up, like a clear line had been drawn splitting reality from wherever they had just landed, and they both were struggling to find their way back again. 
He knew then that he had made a terrible error in coming. He wasn't ready for this. There was still too much juice between them. He'd spent too many years keeping her just close enough for comfort, and when she was actually close it shook him. When she came to fill his glass with wine—her bare arm only inches from his face—he could barely keep himself from cracking open. He so badly wanted to reach out and touch that arm with his fingertips, walk them up the slow slope of her shoulder. That must've been the moment he grabbed the edges of his chair, bracing himself for a fall.
As she stood there, he caught her scent. The smell of her perfume—or lotion, or soap, or whatever—breathed on him, and it opened an aperture to new sensory delights. He tried to capture the entirety of the moment in an attempt to keep one more memory of her, fill another sensory pocket to carry with him when she's away.
Everyone else has already started eating their salad. And outside of the sound of forks on plates, and some scattered whispers between Amy and Wendy and Tim and Holly, there is a strange, nervous quiet hovering over the table. 
It's obvious that Annie is somewhere else, or if she's here, she's trying to keep herself tight to one spot so that she doesn't float away. 
Eric is moving from staring at Max one moment to staring at Annie the next. He can't help but think he's done something very stupid by bringing them together again. He really hoped that after ten years, all of those old feelings would just dissolve once they saw each other again, saw how much the other had changed. But, now, he realizes how naive he has been. If anything, their reactions were worse than he feared. Neither of them were prepared to be in the same room with one another, and yet here they are. They look mortified by the moment, and he wonders how he's going to pull them from wherever they've gone and rescue an already sinking dinner party. 
Michael turns to Amy and quietly asks, "What's going on? Am I missing something?"
"What do you mean?" Amy whispers, leaning toward him.
"Don't you think Annie is acting strange?"
"Yeah, I suppose she is."
"Is it something to do with Max?"
Amy leans in even closer, to the point where Michael has an incredible urge to pull away from her. She's violating a very clear line he has drawn for personal space. 
"I think Annie and Max were an item in high school, but I'm not sure. I guess there's still some tension there."
"I guess so," Michael says, a little above a whisper.
"What's that?" Eric asks Michael.
"Oh, Amy was just telling me that Max and Annie went to high school together."
"Michael," Holly says from across the table, clearly frustrated with him.
"What? What'd I say?" he says, but can't help having a little smile on his face, not because he feels as though he's said something wrong, but because Holly, for the first time tonight, is really looking at him, paying him some attention.
"Yeah, we did. We were in the same class, graduated the same year," Annie says. She's broken out of her dead stare, and has started seeing the room again. She still hasn't looked toward Max though. Right now, she's looking straight at Michael. It's not as if her level of mortification wasn't high enough before he said something, but for him to mention high school, to propel her and Max's past onto the room was just… Well, thoughtless. Still, she knows, deep down, that it's been hovering over the table already. There's no way that the rest of the guests haven't sensed the tension since Max arrived. Still, she wished Michael hadn't said anything, or, though she's resigned to the fact that they can't ignore the inevitable all evening, at least she could've had more time to gain her composure before anything was said. Honestly, she doesn't know who's she's more upset with right now: Eric for inviting Max, Max for showing up, Amy for telling Michael about their past, or Michael for telling the rest of the table. 
At least he didn't say that they were in a relationship.
"So, Max, do you live nearby?" Amy asks, trying to find a way to break the tension of Annie's long, uncomfortable stare in Michael's direction.
"No. I just travelled back east to visit for the holidays," Max says. He's looking at Annie as he speaks, and this can't have escaped the notice of the rest of the table, but he doesn't seem concerned by them. He's hardly looked at anything but Annie since she's sat down. He can't help it. And how could he? She's every bit as beautiful as he remembers. Better than he remembers, actually. 
Still, she won't return his look. 
"Max teaches at an art school in Oregon," Eric says.
"Oregon's a beautiful state," Wendy says.
"It is," Max says.
"What do you teach there?" Amy asks, trying desperately to stave off any silence.
"Film."
"Really?" Amy asks. "Do you teach production?"
"No. Film studies. Film history," Max says to Amy, finally looking at someone other than Annie.
"So you've never been involved in a production?" Amy asks.
"No, not… Well, in college I did some work behind the camera as a requirement, but I never wanted to work behind the camera as a career. I just love watching movies."
"If everyone's done with their salads, you can pass around the turkey," Annie says, motioning to the dish of sliced turkey, and picking it up, passing it to Eric.
"Everything looks great, Annie," Wendy says.
"Well, you can thank the university's catering service for that," Annie says.
"Neither Annie or I have ever been much worth in the kitchen," Eric says, passing the turkey to Wendy on his left.
Amy leans into Michael, "I can't believe you said that."
"I didn't know it was such a big deal to say that they went to high school together. There's nothing particularly provocative about that," Michael says, taking the turkey from Amy, putting some on his plate before passing it to Max.
"I beg to differ. And I would've never told you if I thought you would—"
"But Eric asked."
"So, that doesn't mean you had to tell him."
"I"m sorry. I really didn't think what I said would be such a big deal. I could've said they dated. But I didn't."
"I suppose," Amy says. "Don't, by the way."
"Don't what?"
"Don't say that they dated?"
"I won't," he says, and he looks up at Holly, who is spooning some mashed potatoes onto her plate. She's looking straight at him, and mouths the words 'I can't believe you.'  He just shrugs his shoulders. He genuinely didn't think that what he was saying was that big a deal, but he could tell as soon as he said it, and felt the tension immediately rise in the room, that he'd made a mistake. His mistake, he now realizes, was not necessarily what he said, but the fact that he had called attention to a connection between Annie and Max.
"Oh, sorry. Let me clear the salad dishes," Annie says, standing.
"Annie, no. Just sit and finish your dinner first," Eric says.
"No, they're in the way. Plus, I want to take dessert out of the fridge anyway," she says, grabbing her and Eric's plate. She grabs Tim's plate and Holly's plate.
And as she makes her way to Max, he finds himself clutching the sides of his seat again. Unlike last time she was this close to him, he's not afraid to make eye contact. He's looking right at her and he knows that she knows he's looking.
He breathes deep, catching the air of her perfume again, wants to be sure he won't forget it long after she's walked away.
Annie's trying hard not to catch his eyes. She can feel his stare, has been feeling it since she first sat at the table. She desperately wants to look at him, see if that old connection is still there. But she's terrified. She's scared that the connection will still be there, and she'll fall right into him, lose herself. But she's also terrified that it won't be there, that their old connection—a thing she's kept alive inside her all these years—will be gone and her heart will grow cold, and her hold on the hope of her youth will disappear.
"I'll help," Holly says, seeing that Annie is stuck at Max. She reaches across the table for Amy and Michael's plates. He softly places his plate in her hand, making sure their fingers touch. He smiles at her, and she's afraid that she might be blushing as she looks away from him. She feels silly blushing over something so insignificant, but Michael has a tendency to add significance to small things, and he's passed this bad, completely wonderful habit to her. 
Holly grabs Wendy's plate and then takes Annie by the arm, guiding her toward the kitchen.
But before they enter the kitchen, Annie turns, and, for the first time since the first moment she entered the dining room earlier, she catches his eyes, and it makes her catch her breath, then steals it away from her again. 
But Holly is there to pull her away from him.
"Annie," Holly says once they're safely away from the dining room. "What are you doing?" she asks as she grabs the plates from Annie, sets them in the sink.
"I'm sorry."
"You've got to pull yourself together out there."
"Right, I know. I don't know what's happened to me."
"Max happened."
"He certainly did."
"What are you going to do?"
"What can I do?" Annie says, pulling two pies from the refrigerator.
"I don't know. But what you're doing now isn't working."
"Is it that obvious?"
"It is to me."
"Okay. I've got to… You're right. I've got to pull myself together. I just… Wow. I really wasn't ready for this."
"Clearly."
Annie leans against the island in the middle of the kitchen. "Just give me a second."
"Besides, you should be the one rescuing me, not the other way around."
"Rescuing you?"
"You had to sit me across from Michael?"
"Well, until you showed up with Tim, you were going to be sitting next to him."
"That would've been better. He can't keep his eyes off of me. It's very discomforting." 
"Oh, you like it."
"I do not."
"Then tell him to back off. Tell him to leave you alone. For once, just come out and tell him that you're not interested."
"But I don't want to be mean."
"Oh, no, you don't want to be mean, like, say, bringing a date to a dinner where there was already a man waiting for you."
"But it was never supposed to be a date."
"Come on, Holly," Annie says, moving back toward the dining room.
"It wasn't supposed to be a date," Holly whispers again, trying to get the last word before they reach the dining room.
Michael happily watches Holly move back to the table. She's truly astonishing in that dress tonight. The way she moves excites him in an entirely new way. He's never seen her outside Eric's office, and, even then, he's rarely seen her out from behind her desk. Also, for the first time since he's been pining after her, she seems to be exuding some awareness of her sexuality, seems to acknowledge that it's there, and is expressing it with a certain amount of confidence.
As she sits back down at the table, it's clear that she's trying not to acknowledge his gaze. She's being coy, or she's just being respectful to this Tim guy she's brought with her tonight. Or, perhaps, Michael's just being too pushy. He's certainly been told he has a tendency to be a bit too intense. It's just that he hasn't been able to shake what Annie said to him before dinner, that he shouldn't worry about Holly and Tim, that it wasn't what it looked like. Obviously Annie knows something, and he's gaining confidence in the theory that there's nothing going on between Holly and Tim. She's only using Tim as an excuse to hold Michael at arm's length a little longer. He may be obtuse in many ways, but Michael feels certain that she feels something, if only a little something, for him.
Michael's known for a while now that Holly lost her husband a couple years ago. Eric and Annie warned him that Holly was not the best person for him to focus his affection on. They told him that she was reluctant, if downright unwilling, to make herself available socially, and that she had been emotionally unavailable since her husband's death.
But the warnings never made a difference to him. He was attracted to her the minute he saw her, and not just in the traditional ways. 
He remembers the first time he went to visit Eric in his new office. Eric had just accepted the position as the university ombudsman, and Holly was his new assistant. When he first saw her, she was at her desk, looking up at him, and he remembers that the room went silent. The office was probably a silent space before he entered it, but seeing her sucked all the air from the room, and he could feel the silence. Then he was stuck in the airless silence, staring at her. She seemed suddenly startled by his presence, at least as much as he was startled by her, and they shared something. A truth passed between them—something about her resonated in him. It was something he couldn't quite articulate, but could feel with more emotional palpability than he had ever experienced. That's how he remembers it anyway, and he doesn't tend to artificially romanticize the details of his memory. At least, in the past he was never prone to these kind of romantic remembrances. But, then again, Holly's changed him. 
And it wasn't just the fact that she was physically attractive that pulled him to her. There's no doubt that she's a beautiful woman, young and fit and just plain pretty. But the intelligence behind her eyes suggested someone whose gears were always turning. In other words, she was a kindred spirit. But he could also sense the emotional damage. He could feel her sadness, see her vulnerability, and something in him knew he'd never be as happy as he could be if he didn't figure out a way to fix her hurt.
It is true that Michael has never been someone who women naturally gravitate toward. His impression has always been that their reticence was rarely due to his level of attractiveness. He feels confident that he's a reasonably attractive man—tall and handsome. It's more that he never really made himself emotionally available. He's never really sent out the signals of someone who was single. And, again, he's an intense man, deeply passionate about the things he believes in, which some women, particularly his students, have been drawn to, but his intensity has never made him easy to approach.
Not that he hasn't had his fair share of relationships. Most of his relationships, though, have been short and unsuccessful, and not particularly deep emotional endeavors. But he did have a serious relationship throughout graduate school. She was also a graduate student, also a world religions major. They lived together, and played house for nearly two years. But they were both too ambitious, too competitive to ever make things work in the long term. It was clear that they were both vying for the best jobs post-graduation, and there was never any real discussion, or outward concern, about what would happen once they got jobs at different schools, which was pretty much inevitable. And when they were offered jobs in different time zones, it was over. They didn't even toy with the idea of a long distance relationship, or with attempting to find jobs geographically closer. Maybe, privately, they assumed that the other would do the work to keep the relationship alive, but when it came down to it, neither was interested in doing that work. And he was fine with that. Sure, he was fond of her, and had grown somewhat attached to having her around. But love? He's not quite sure if he even knew what that meant at the time.
That's changed now. He still may not know exactly what love is, but Holly has shown him that it's much more expansive than what he felt back then.

The conversation at the table is sparse. Eric has taken charge of the room, picking up the social slack left by Annie. He and Wendy have been talking about her job with the city. She works in the parking enforcement division of the police department, and parking is a hot topic in their small university town. But it doesn't seem to be a conversation that anyone else at the table is very interested in sharing with them. Other than Amy, who steps in with a word or two here or there, everyone else seems to be somewhere else. 
Annie, at least, looks semi-engaged, though not without effort.
Holly feels Michael's gaze leave her, and she takes the opportunity to allow herself to gaze at him. She believes she's come to see Michael as a softer man than other people see when they look at him. She thinks of what Annie said, about how Holly likes his attention. And she does like it, has grown to like it more over time, but recently she seems to crave it. But she doesn't like that she craves it. And she hates that other people seem to be noticing that she likes liking his attention. But she can't deny the fact that she's come to look forward to seeing him, playfully fending off his flirtations. She's come to a point where she loves to feel his eyes on her, feels the absence of his attention when he's gone, owns the void of his missing affection in a way that doesn't make her particularly comfortable. 
She noticed him watching her as she walked back to the table with Annie a few minutes ago, and she can't deny that her hips swayed a little bit more for him. She tries to assure herself that it was an unconscious choice, though she's not sure how that makes it better.
When she first met Michael she wasn't ready to even think about someone in romantic terms. It's not as if she didn't notice him. She did notice him, and certainly noticed him noticing her. But she'd spent the past several years hung up on losing John. It wasn't so much that she missed John, though she did, but the missing him had gotten infinitely better than it was in those first months. After awhile all that was left of him was a dull ache, the perpetual hurt of his willing exit. The fact that he would just up and leave her like that was unthinkable. She couldn't escape the thought that it meant something was wrong with their relationship, that maybe he didn't love her, and that she never looked deeply enough to notice it. No matter how many people told her it wasn't her fault, she couldn't help thinking that if he really loved her, if he really longed for the life that they had promised to build together, then he wouldn't have shot himself. This left her with a gnawing insecurity that became a perpetual disease of suspicion. And the disease had spread over the past four years, became a source of massive social vulnerability. She honestly began to wonder if she would ever surrender herself to someone again, particularly since she couldn't trust herself to know if she was ever truly loved. 
But over the past few months, Michael's persistence, and his inability to take a hint, has made its mark on her. She's gotten to the point where she's come to look forward to his visits. Since she keeps Eric's calendar, she can see when he's scheduled a lunch with Michael. And the night before those visits, she spends sleepless hours unwinding fictional conversations they might share while he waits for Eric. He comes reliably ten, fifteen, even twenty minutes early for these lunches. And it's obvious that he comes early to spend some extra time with her. And his visits have given her something to look forward to now. She'd forgotten what it was like to be able to carry that kind of hope, to feel the excited promise of someone's company. 
Still, she hasn't figured out a way to seamlessly shift her standard mode of intention toward him. She's still standoffish, feigning indifference, even. She doesn't quite know how to change this, or even if she's ready to change it. After all, he doesn't seem to mind how she treats him. It's not as if she's cold or unresponsive. Probably, her indifference is something that she only imagines to make her more comfortable about their growing closeness. She's probably, unconsciously, warmed to him in a way that she can't quite detect. But this is the way she's most comfortable with him right now. Maybe it's just self-preservation, but she's not ready to be with anyone yet. She's comfortable with the rapport they've developed, with the innocent flirtations, the playful banter, the too-long glances. But not more. Not yet. 
Maybe.
But she can't deny the feeling that, emotionally, she craves to move a step closer. She can feel the pull of him growing stronger whenever he's near. She wants to see him, wants to hear his voice speaking to her. But fear keeps her a step back, waiting. She's walking that delicate tightrope of moving too soon, or waiting too long.
Michael's looking at Wendy, who is still talking to Eric. Or, maybe, he's not looking at her. He's turned in that direction, but his stare seems more absent than focused. Perhaps, he's staring at nothing. Maybe he can feel that Holly's looking at him just as she could feel him looking at her. If he can, she doesn't care. She likes looking at him, studying his face, admiring his perfect profile.
He's tracing the shape of his lips with the tip of his thumbnail, and she can't help but fixate on those lips. She can't help but wonder what his kiss would be like, what it would be like to have his mouth move over her mouth, to taste him, to feel his breath wash over her.
She takes a quick breath, looks away, and turns in Annie's direction. Annie gives her a sympathetic half-smile as if she's been reading her thoughts, like she was telling her that things would be okay.
Holly wishes she could be so sure.
"So, Max, when do you fly back?" Annie asks. It's the first thing she's said since she returned to the table, and it took every ounce of composure she had to speak to him, to utter his name.
But she had to say something. She had to mercifully shut down Eric and Wendy's seemingly endless discussion about city parking. If she continued to allow Eric to control the dinner conversation, everyone would be asleep before dessert. Everyone already seemed mentally disengaged from the table.
"I'm flying to Stacy's parents first thing tomorrow morning."
"Stacy's your…?" Amy asks.
"Oh, sorry. Stacy's my girlfriend."
"And you're flying on Christmas Eve?" Tim asks. "The airports must be terrible."
"Why didn't you just fly back with Stacy?" Eric asks.
"There was some confusion when I bought our tickets. I'm not sure what happened," Max says, though he knows he was supposed to be on that plane with Stacy. But he couldn't come home and not see Annie. Or, rather, he was planning on leaving as scheduled, but when Eric opened up an opportunity for him to see Annie again, he couldn't pass it up. And, yes, it cost him a small fortune to get another flight out tomorrow morning. And, yes, Stacy was furious with him, confused at his sudden change of heart, and her insecurities blew up as they tend to do when he does something curious, which seems to be his fallback position—acting curious—in his relationships.
But he just couldn't pass up an opportunity to see the woman he's been pining over all these years. He had to see if his obsession for her was something that would endure, or whither away. Now, he knows that it will never whither away. He's only worried now about what he's going to do about the truth of their bond. What can he say to her before he leaves? He'll have to say something.
"How long's your holiday?" Holly asks Max.
"Well, actually, I'm on sabbatical. So, my holiday goes through next summer."
"I didn't know that," Eric says. "How long have you been on sabbatical?"
"Since August. I taught my last class over the summer."
"So, you're working on something?" Eric asks.
"Trying to, yeah."
"A book?" Annie asks.
"Yeah."
"What about?" Wendy asks. "Unless you don't want to talk about it?"
"No, it's fine. I'm writing a book on Andrei Tarkovsky."
"Tarkovsky," Annie says, almost reflexively. She's sitting up straight now. He's certainly gotten her attention. If she were trying to suppress her interest in what he was saying minutes before, that's gone now. She looks like she wants to say more, and there are a million questions she wants to ask, but she sinks back into her chair.
"Tarkovsky?" Amy asks. "He's a filmmaker?"
"He's a Russian filmmaker”, Eric says. "Well, he was. He's been dead since the eighties."
"Would I be familiar with anything he's done?" Amy asks.
 "You might have heard of Solaris," Eric responds. "It was remade here in the states a couple of years ago."
"Well, Soderbergh says that he wasn't remaking Tarkovsky as much as reinterpreting Stanislav Lem's novel," Max says.
Annie smiles at this.
"Well, you're the expert," Eric says.
"I don't recognize any of those names," Amy says. "Do you?" she asks, looking to Tim and Holly. They both shake their heads no.
"I always thought I could've been a bigger film fan had Dad introduced me to it the way he did you," Eric says.
"But you are a film fan," Annie says to Eric.
"Yeah, but not like…" he stops himself, feeling as though he should explain himself to the rest of the table. "When our dad retired from the financial services industry—"
"Semi-retired," Max corrects him.
"Right. When he stopped leaving home for work, he was…  What would you say, Max? Forty-seven, forty-eight years old?"
"I'm not sure. I think I was around ten or eleven. So, some time in the late eighties."
"Yeah. So, I was a teenager by then and didn't have much interest in spending time with my dad. And most of the movies he was watching were old black and white movies, or foreign films that a normal fourteen or fifteen year old wouldn't have much interest in watching. Besides, I hardly knew the man. He was so rarely home when I was growing up that having him around seemed strange to me. But after he retired, or semi-retired, he was catching up on all the movies he'd missed over the years, all the movies he'd wanted to see but didn't have the time to see before. And he was watching movies all the time."
"He saw leaving his day job as an opportunity to educate himself about film," Max says. "He always loved movies but, as you say, he never had the time to—"
"Right. And he got you involved, and you guys started watching movies together."
"Right."
"And what was the first movie you guys watched together? Wasn't it Marienbad?"
"Yeah, Last Year at Marienbad."
"If I'd seen Marienbad at ten years old, I think I might've ended up... I don't know. Having more interest, I guess."
"But you love film. You watch movies with your dad all the time," Annie says again, as if she's trying to reassure him somehow.
"Right, I do. I just came to it late, I guess. I didn't see Marienbad until I was in college."
"What's Marienbad?" Holly asks.
"It's an early 60's French movie," Michael says. "The screenplay was written by the French author Alain Robbe-Grillet and was considered pretty avant-garde at the time. Still is, really."
Holly is watching him closely as he speaks to her. And he's speaking to her like she's the only one in the room, and, for a moment, she feels that they are the only ones in the room. 
"I didn't know you knew anything about film," she says to Michael.
"A little bit, though I don't know a thing about Andrei Tarkovsky."
"It's funny that you're writing about Tarkovsky," Eric says. "There was just a revival of Stalker a couple months ago at the campus theater."
"Did you go?" Max asks.
"No, I would've liked to, but I was so busy with—"
"I was asking Annie."
Annie looks at him. A nervous laugh falls from her mouth, but she goes silent when she sees Max's stare. She'd forgotten how unapologetically straightforward he could be, even if it sometimes comes off as aggressive. His clear-eyed intensity was always one of the things she loved about him. 
"I did go. Yes."
"Do you remember when we—?"
"I don't think anyone wants to talk about old Russian movies, Max. Why don't we talk about—?"
"But you do," Max says
"I do what?"
"You'd like to talk about old Russian movies, or, at least, you used to," Max says.
"I still love movies of all kinds," she says, almost defensively. "I just think we should talk about something that everyone can—"
"Stalker was the first movie that Annie and I ever saw together," Max says as if he's talking to the table, though he's still looking only at Annie. "We were juniors in high school. Do you remember?"
"Of course I remember."
"Of course you do."
"What's it about? The movie?" Amy asks.
"It's about a Stalker, a guide contracted to safely guide people through this abandoned, and supposedly dangerous area."
"In the movie, the place is called the zone," Annie says.
"Right, and in what ways the zone is dangerous, or how it came to be abandoned, we're never explicitly told. There are old, rusty tanks there, and a few dead bodies, but Tarkovsky makes the choice to never come out and say what happened." 
"And the Stalker is supposed to get them through the zone to a room," Annie says.
"And this is apparently no easy task since the zone has been cordoned off by the military because the whole area, and specifically this one room, has taken on such a mythical, almost religious quality," Max says. "It seems that after the military event, or environmental catastrophe, or whatever it was that happened in the zone, people began to hear stories about this special room, and they began to attempt this dangerous pilgrimage. And, for some reason—again, deliberately obscured in the movie—the government decided to put an end to these pilgrimages. And, so, hiring a Stalker became necessary because it had become so dangerous to even enter the zone, to get beyond the military presence that guarded the place," Max says.
"But what's in the room?" Amy asks.
"It's not about what's physically in the room, or what you see in the room necessarily. It's more about what the room sees in you."
"What's that mean?" Wendy asks.
"It's where your deepest wish comes true," Annie says.
"Yes," Max says. "But it's not a wish you make, the room makes it for you."
"What do you mean the room makes it for you?" Holly asks.
"I mean, you don't enter the room and make a verbal wish. The room looks within you and finds your deepest desire. So, in some ways, what the room sees as your wish ends up showing you your true self."
"That's interesting," Michael says. "So, if you enter this room intending to wish that a sick loved one be healed, but the room sees that your true desire is to win the lottery…"
"Then you win the lottery and your sick loved one stays sick," Max says. "In fact, in the movie, our Stalker tells the story of another Stalker, his mentor— 
"And Stalkers aren't supposed to enter the room themselves. Their goal is to only help others get to the room." Annie says. 
"Right, but this other Stalker, our Stalker's mentor, did enter the room, and, when he got home from the zone, he started to become very wealthy. And to know that his deepest desire was to be rich was so utterly depressing that he took his own life."
"Okay, let's talk about something else," Annie says, looking over at Holly. This was all she needed now was for people to start talking about suicide. That would really pick up the party.
Michael looks at Holly. Tim has reached out and squeezed her hand. Something deeper and more complicated than anger shoots through Michael at the sight of Tim's hand on hers. Holly sees Michael's reaction to Tim clutching her, and slowly moves her hand away from him. She looks back to Max, trying to pretend that she didn't see the hurt on Michael's face. But she won't forget it. It hurts her more than she expected to know that he's hurt.
And Michael can't pretend that his jealous reaction didn't scare him. He can't say that he's never known jealousy, but never like that. It's another emotion, of many emotions, that Holly has opened up in him, but not one he particularly enjoyed discovering.
"It is an interesting thought experiment, though," Max says. "What if a room like that really existed? What would it give you?"
"I'd like to believe that most people are good enough, and strong enough in character, that their deepest wishes wouldn't be so base or selfish," Eric says.
"I'd like to think that too, brother. But I don't."
"I don't see any reason to presume that people are so predictably superficial. That seems too simplistic, too cynical."
"Maybe so. But life teaches us hard lessons," Max says.
"I agree," Tim says. "I think people would hope to show their best selves with their wish. But our true selves aren't always our best selves, even if we hope they are. There's always going to be a divide between our idealistic self and our realistic self, our public self and our private self."
"Yeah, and I don't remember who said it exactly. It may've been Kerouac, but someone wrote that writers should strive to give voice to their unspeakable visions," Max says. "Maybe this idea applies to everyone, and we all have these unspeakable visions that we bury within ourselves."
"But you're operating on the presumption that these unspeakable visions are something that we feel shame about," Eric says.
"That's why their unspeakable."
"Why conclude that? Maybe we just can't articulate them yet? Unspeakable doesn't necessarily mean shameful."
"And isn't it also about context," Annie says. "It's not that the things we feel, or can't articulate, are selfish or dangerous or shameful, but that maybe they might simply be thoughts we keep to ourselves because they would do no good to share, might only be hurtful to those we share them with."
"Still, saying something could be hurtful presumes negativity," Eric says.
"But not objectively negative," Annie says. "Only in the context of a particular subject."
"So you're talking about keeping secrets?" Eric asks Annie.
"I suppose."
"But aren't secrets just an acceptable way of being dishonest about how you present yourself to the world?" Eric asks.
"How is that?" Annie asks. "Dishonesty through omission? Just because you keep your thoughts or feelings private, doesn't make them any less real. Someone, at least, even if only yourself, knows the truth, and no one is being lied to necessarily."
"Unless the lie is manifest," Eric says.
"Unless we enter the room," Max says.
"I just don't like what it says about who we are, or how it presumes ugliness in our private truths. I don't believe that's the case for most people," Eric says.
"But if we weren't ugly in some way, what would we have to aspire to?" Max says.
"That's a deeply cynical thought, Max," Eric says. "When did you become so cynical?"
"About ten years ago, I'd say."
"What happened ten years ago?" Wendy asks.
"Does anyone want seconds?" Annie says, stopping the flow of conversation.
"I'm fine," Tim says. "But everything was delicious."
"Yeah, everything was great," Wendy says.
Michael, Holly, and Annie's plates all look about the same as they did when they were first served.
"Is everything alright, Michael?" Annie asks.
"Yeah, I'm sorry. I guess my appetite isn't quite what I thought it was, but I'm still working," he says, and dutifully eats a mouthful of mashed potatoes.
"Michael," Amy says, "Isn't there something like the room from Stalker in Judaism? I mean, not that it can see into your deepest desires or anything, but that it was a mystical place where God existed or something. Do I have that right?"
Michael furrows his brow for a minute, finishes chewing his potatoes. "I think you're talking about the Holy of Holies in the Temple. It was a small room at the back of the tabernacle, a ten cubit by ten cubit space separated from the rest of the tabernacle by a veil, where the presence of God—supposedly the literal presence of God—dwelled in the temple. Is that what you mean?"
"I think so."
"Yeah, I'd say it's different from the room in the movie for many reasons. First of all, no one other than the high priest was permitted to enter the room, and even he could only enter the room on Yom Kippur—the Day of Atonement."
"What'd he do on Yom Kippur?" Wendy asks.
"Well, the room was supposed to contain—at least in the first temple of Jerusalem—the Ark of the Covenant. When they rebuilt the second temple, they still had a raised spot where the ark of the covenant used to sit, and on top of that was what was called the Divine Seat, and the High Priest would pour sacrificial blood over the divine seat."
"And the blood, the sacrifice, was to atone for the sins of the Israelites?"
"Right, or also, more generally, just a gift to God. You know, a please-have-mercy-on-us-and-we-are-your-dutiful-supplicants kind of thing."
"Don't those rituals seem so bizarre now?" Holly says.
"Right, except for the rituals that still go on and seem less bizarre only by our proximity to them," Michael says.
"Meaning?" Holly asks.
"Meaning that we can enter almost any present-day church, mosque, or synagogue in the country and still see rituals. And to see how commonplace rituals still are might make those particular rituals seem less strange than rituals that are relics to the past," Michael says. "In other words, animal sacrifice is made more strange by its distance in time, and by the fact that we wouldn't find it happening at any neighborhood church. Though, admittedly, partaking in the symbolic body and blood of Christ would be a downright absurd idea to a person completely unfamiliar to Catholicism. And, if that practice were abolished tomorrow by the Church, in a generation or two, it would seem just as absurd to those future Catholics as it might to outsiders now. And look at baptism. Tame as it may be as ritual, it's a very peculiar idea to believe that you can wash away your sins so simply. It's a very rudimentary solution, a tradition based almost exclusively on metaphor, and yet millions of people truly believe it."
"But it gives them comfort. There's nothing wrong with that," Eric says.
"Right, and when religion is gone, what will bring people comfort?" Annie asks.
"But I'm not criticizing anyone," Michael says. "I'm just saying—"
"Are you both religious now?" Max asks.
"No, not particularly," Annie says. "But I can understand why someone would be."
"Sure, it's a compelling idea that one can pray away, or wash away their sins," Max says. "It's a convenient way for people to feel they're off the hook for their unspeakable thoughts or actions."
"Do you really believe that it makes people feel that they're off the hook?" Annie asks.
"For some people, I do. People have a way of rationalizing all the terrible, hurtful things they do or say."
As far as Annie's concerned, there's no question that just about everything Max is saying is directed at her and Eric. She only hopes that it's not as transparent to everyone else. 
She looks at Eric and he seems to know it too. He looks annoyed but confused by Max's thinly veiled hostility. And he has every reason to be confused. There's so much that he doesn't know. So much that he never understood about Annie and Max. He's been confused by Max's anger since she and Eric were first engaged. And Annie certainly could've done a better job of taking the layers off their history for Eric, but things were tenuous enough in the beginning. She always thought there would come a day when things would be more certain, more comfortable, and she could tell him all about their relationship, and how intense, how serious things once were between them.
And maybe there is some truth to what Eric said about secrets being a form of lying by omission, or at least there's truth in the idea that keeping a secret can feel like a lie. Maybe this has something to do with why she never could tell him about her and Max. The intensity of her and Max's love has always felt too close, too alive for her to express it without surrendering its truth to Eric.

When Max arrived in Boston, the cab ride to see Annie—for the first time in more than three years—was excruciatingly long. She stood in front of her apartment building waiting for him, and, as he approached, something woke up inside him. Though they had been talking regularly for three years, seeing her was a shocking experience. There was something new and immeasurable about his emotions when he saw her again. It became immediately apparent to him then that they had built something truly substantial in the past three years. 
Annie still remembers how much of that youthfulness had disappeared in his face. His face was thinner, but stronger and sharper than she remembered. His eyes, always clear and focused—always moving from here to there relentlessly absorbing the world—were as clear and full of his emotional tells as ever.
For Max, she was more beautiful than he remembered. There was something different about the way she carried herself. She moved with a special kind of self-assurance. She was obviously more comfortable with herself, and more at ease with her body than he remembered. Her face had grown softer somehow, the youth of the flesh giving way to something more adult, more feminine. Her hair was shorter, but framed her face better than her long hair once did. When he last saw her, he suddenly realized, he had left behind a girl, and now he was standing in front of a beautiful, confident woman—a thoroughly different woman.
It wasn't as if they were strangers though. They had obviously been talking constantly on the phone. There weren't going to be any surprises in their conversation. So, it's not as if there was any catching up to do. They didn't have new stories to tell. But, seeing each other, realizing how foreign the other's face, the other's body had become, threw them both for a wonderful loop. And as she greeted him on the sidewalk in front of her building—his new home—they stopped and stared at each other for a long time. But when they finally embraced and kissed, it was a long, slow kiss, a dizzying kiss—three years long.
When he saw the apartment, he was shocked at the size of the place. She'd said it was small, but he hadn't been prepared for it to be as small as it was, or to see the poor shape it was in. She had furnished the place warmly, and it was clearly nicer for her care and attention, but it was a dump. It was an efficiency studio, and only slightly larger than Max's childhood bedroom. The hide-a-bed they would sleep on hid a small portion of a badly water stained wall, and it faced a poor approximation of a kitchen. The bathroom was essentially a closet—a curtain in place of a door—with a toilet and a tiny standing shower. There was only one window, a large one that displayed a pretty nice view of the city. It was the one thing that saved the apartment from feeling like a dank tomb. 
But, even with all the apartment's faults, it was difficult to complain. It was true that they were new to co-habitation and didn't have a lot of money, but they were young, in love, and excited for the opportunity to be together again. And, besides, his thinking was that this arrangement was all very temporary. They would remain in Boston through what remained of her spring semester—a little less than three months—and then everything would change after her graduation. But, in the meantime, there was a great sense of newness and adventure in the prospects of learning each other so intimately again.
And it didn't take long for them to find a rhythm in this shared life. They didn't get in each other's way, and they just genuinely enjoyed the experience of playing house, reacquainting themselves with the other's body. Three years is a long time to desire someone only to have those desires go unfulfilled. So, for the first month, they spent almost all their time in bed. And, when they weren't together, she was busy with school, and he was going to the movies, or exploring Boston, thinking about their future.
One thing that he learned quickly was that Boston was a wonderful place to spend a few months, but it wasn't a place he wanted to live longterm. He felt very much like a west coast man now. He could hardly imagine living through a northeastern winter ever again. And there was noise. It wasn't just something he could hear, but it was something he could feel. The perpetual sense that business was being done, a general feeling of hurriedness in the air, was almost too much for him to bear some days. He missed the relative calmness of Stanford, and, if not Stanford, than he had aspirations toward the upper northwestern states.
Once Annie graduated, he just assumed they would leave Boston. Of course, he knew to tread lightly on the subject with her. And when they did talk about the future, they spoke about it in cautious, vague tones, as if they both knew that speaking specifically about the future meant having to define it. And he wasn't so sure that defining the future was such a good idea yet. They had, after all, only gotten back together. Still, he knew that Annie loved Boston, but he had heard hints that she didn't see herself staying a Bostonian.
Mostly, when they would talk about the future it was about how they intended to spend their futures together. They had spent all that time apart, and spent so much time and energy thinking about ways that they could get together, that when they were together they realized they had to synchronize what it was going to mean to stay together.
The love was there, but that was never the question. It just took time for other questions to arise above the noise of love. 
Eventually, though, simplicity gives way to complication. Joy gives way to reality.  
Max was the first to seriously contemplate where they were heading. He spent a good deal of his free time considering their future. He was alone for long stretches during the days while Annie was busy going to school. Her studies kept her from fixating and planning the way Max was starting to fixate and plan.
But Max was fixating, making plans, letting the future unfold in a million different shapes in front of him. He created scenarios where he and Annie would go west. He would attend graduate school. Annie would play her music. In some ways, to him, this would be an ideal existence. Of course, he didn't take into account Annie's future expectations. He just assumed he understood what would make her happy. There was a part of Max, an overwhelming part, that entertained no other possibilities. He believed that Annie would be happy just being with him and having the freedom to play the piano all day. Never mind the fact that he hadn't bothered to talk to her about her career plans. And, even when they did talk about what they would do in the future, he was careful to speak in assertions rather than questions, always trying to feel her out without having to ask her directly what it was she was planning. If he asked for specifics then he was inviting the possibility of an answer that didn't match the stories he had been telling himself.
Besides, they'd been through this once before.
So, in order to avoid all this uncertainty, he began to think of ways that he could show a deeper commitment to their future. He wanted to let Annie know that he intended to make this relationship last, even as they struggled to maneuver the tenuous crossroads of starting and merging their adult lives. He concluded that if he were to, at least, make the symbolic gesture of asking her to marry him, there would be no doubt that he was serious about their future.
There was no question that they wanted to be together. They had expressly established that they wanted to be together for the long haul. But a question was always lingering: What might get in the way? Max reasoned that a promise of commitment would keep the things that did get in the way from becoming a crisis, or at least might make them feel more obliged to work out a solution together. This was almost as crucial for him as it was for her, since he had a tendency to overreact when things didn't happen as he'd planned. Essentially, he wanted to take out an insurance policy against any potential bad news.
So, he withdrew a large chunk from his ever-shrinking savings and bought a ring. He didn't want to go too far overboard on a proposal. Neither of them were the type to make a spectacle of themselves, and he thought the theatrics of the moment were entirely self-contained and needed no added social element. And his paltry financial situation, further complicated by the excessive cost of the ring, also helped determine how he would ask her to marry him. With his options dwindled, but his intentions clearly of an intimate nature, he decided to ask her that night in bed, in the light of their afterglow.

Annie remembers that he seemed nervous and preoccupied that night at dinner. She had been planning on talking to him that night about his plans after she graduated. She had recently found several application packs from universities—all from the west coast—tucked in the drawer of his nightstand, and it alarmed her. She was starting to panic about what was unfolding in front of her. Not only was she about to graduate from college, but she was about to be thrust into the real world without any real clue about what she was going to do. It was going to be the first time in her life where there was nothing but possibility in front of her. She wanted some time after graduation to think about what all this was going to mean, and she wasn't so keen on Max deciding what that world would look like for her.
But she waited. 
She decided that, since he seemed so preoccupied over dinner, they would talk about things when he was in better spirits. They still had time. She was still weeks from graduation.
But she waited too long.
That night, after they made love, he kneeled beside their hide-a-bed in their tiny, nasty Boston studio, and, with the sound of the city streaming through the open window, the twilight washing over his skin, he opened the case to a small but elegant engagement ring, and asked Annie to marry him. 
It was perfect.
She was shocked, truly stunned. She was so taken aback that she was struck utterly mute by the moment. And she was silent for a long time. She can still remember him saying her name, 'Annie?' And she just stared at him, saying not a word, not an ounce of articulate in her brain. 
And Max stared at her with those eyes that said so much, and now all those eyes could do was scream from fear, and there was an intense vulnerability in that stare—so full of hope and terror and love and anguish—that she's never forgotten that look, and, to this day, if she hangs on that image too long, she will cry as if it were happening all over again.
Of course she wanted to marry him. There was a part of her screaming 'Yes! Yes!' But there was a stronger part of her that kept that voice silent. She knew that she couldn't make that promise when she hadn't made a clear decision about her future. She needed time—a month or two—before she could give him a answer.
Later that night, once she collected herself, she tried to explain all of this in the most thoughtful, gentle way possible. But no man wants to hear anything other than yes when he asks a woman to marry him. He had clearly placed himself in an incredibly vulnerable, yet hopeful position, and she gave him nothing. Just silence. And he was appropriately crushed.
She was determined not to let him go to sleep angry, and he did his best to hide his anger. She could tell that he was hurt, and that her verbal reassurances, her timid touches, only annoyed him with their cold uncertainty. Everything she did came off as patronizing, and she knew he loathed nothing more than that.
She didn't sleep much that night, laying in the cool of a Boston night in May—the traffic still audible out the open window. She watched him that night, constantly looking over at his beautiful, strong body bathing in the city's brilliant blue light. She wanted to wrap herself around him and never let go, convince him that her love was as real, and as deep as any love. She wanted to assure him that he was her life's anchor, but she knew that he was a prideful man, a stubborn man, and things—no matter how she struggled to keep them afloat—would never be the same between them.
Though she had no idea to what extent things might change.

In the morning, Annie slid quietly out of bed, careful not to disturb him. Max appeared to be sleeping, which was odd because he was usually the first out of bed in the mornings. Of course, if her night was in any way indicative of his, then it wouldn't be a surprise if he hadn't fallen asleep easily.
She quietly got ready for her day, walked over to his sleeping body, kissed him softly on the cheek, and left the apartment.
It was the last time she saw him.
When she got back to the apartment later that afternoon, his stuff, or any trace of his past presence was gone. The only thing left behind was a note, written on the back of a restaurant receipt: 'Now, you'll have time.' 
Once again, he had left her after she'd told him something he didn't want to hear. It was suddenly clear to her that she wasn't the only one who still had some growing up to do. Instead of talking about this with her, trying to work things out, giving her a little space to figure things out, he just disappeared. Still, being aware of his immaturity, of his gross overreaction to the past night's drama, did not make his absence any less hurtful. 
From his perspective, though, as was the case after they graduated high school, love is a certainty, not a thing we question or second-guess. It's hard to imagine anyone truly in love not having an immediate and certain answer to a marriage proposal. If there are questions, then the love must be questionable. That was the kind of black-and-white world Max lived in. 
But she did love him, and she worried that she'd made a terrible mistake. She should've said yes. She wanted to say yes. It was, after all, only an engagement to be married, not the marriage itself. She could've easily taken the time over that summer to consider what she might do with her self. After all, she knew how sensitive Max was about these things. How did she think he would react? But, then again, it wasn't as if she expected him to propose. She simply didn't have the time to think rationally about what her reaction should be.
But she also couldn't escape the fear that having Max around would influence her decisions. She just knew that one morning she would wake up somewhere on the west coast, thousands of miles from home, and even further from finding her own identity. Suddenly her identity would be intertwined, inextricably, to Max, and her choices would be limited by his choices. She had seen what that kind of life did to her mother, and it terrified her. She loved her life with Max in the abstract, but when you started to add the details of a longterm commitment, things became more and more claustrophobic. Control over the direction of her life was only just beginning, and having the freedom to choose her future—on her own terms—was of paramount importance.
She tried to call him that evening, but, as she expected, he didn't answer his phone. He let all of her calls that night go straight to voicemail. And, after several days of silence, she finally called his parents to see if they had heard anything. He had left for a summer trip, backpacking across Europe. She asked if they knew of any way she could get in touch with him. They didn't. He'd left his phone behind, and made a point of expressing his wish to be untethered on the trip. He had promised to check in with them from time to time, and they said they would tell him to call her next time they talked.
But she knew he wouldn't call.
She knew things were bad after he proposed. And she knew they were in a situation similar to what they faced after high school. But she had hoped that he'd matured enough to try to deal with this practically. But, no, he just ran away again. It occurred to her that when you fall in love with someone as sensitive and full of emotion as Max, you have to accept all the tumultuous lows with all those glorious highs.
Now, she knew she wouldn't see him at least until the end of summer. This made her desperately sad. The hole he had left behind was too large and ever-present. The despair left by his absence was constant. The stark emptiness of knowing she couldn't see him, that he was far away, marching across another continent, made her perpetually ache for him. Missing him was never not a part of her.
Luckily, though, those last several weeks before her graduation were very busy, and she spent every free second at school practicing for her final recital. Unknowingly, he had left her right when her playing could most benefit from the emotional turmoil of his absence. She put all her energy in her playing, and when she finally played in front of the students and faculty of Berklee, she knew she had accomplished something great.
But the next day no one was waiting for her to play. No one was there to applaud her, pat her on the back, or tell her how great she was. One day she was too busy to obsess about Max, and the next she was done with school, and could do nothing but obsess about him. She couldn't last long this way, being trapped in the city with no school, no job, no plans. Eventually, having this much time would eat her alive inside. So, she had a choice to make: She could either get a job in the city, keep her apartment and figure out her next move over the summer. Or she could go back home, try to regain some of her equilibrium, and clear her head.
At first, she didn't know what to do. She didn't want to make a rash decision based on how much she was missing Max. But, after a few days of wallowing, she knew there wasn't anything left for her in Boston. She'd spent those last few weeks of school trying to delay her loneliness, but now that she was unavoidably alone, and was finally dealing with the pain of it, she couldn't escape the loss of him. And it was particularly cruel because she knew he was out there somewhere, that he loved her, had asked her to spend the rest of her life with him. It was just too much to bear. So, even though part of the reason that she had put Max off was so that she could control her own destiny without his influence pushing her into one direction or another, she was suddenly realizing how naive she had been. Here she was, in her tiny Boston apartment, and the pain of losing him was forcing her home. He was still influencing her decisions, even in his absence. 
So, she packed some things, left some things behind, and moved back home to her parents' house. 
The summer back home was a very close copy of the summer she spent there before she moved to Boston. There was a lot of time spent in bed, listening to sad music, intermittently reading and daydreaming of Max—where he was, what he might be doing. She spent many a night watching one of the movies that her and Max had watched together, movies that they had both loved together. Or she would watch movies he had seen while in Boston and told her she should watch but didn't have the time to watch before. And there were late night summer walks, contemplating the future, wondering what shape her life would take on. 
It was easily as miserable as that last summer at home, but it felt worse somehow. During that first summer without Max, the future—going away to school—was still some secure thing she could latch onto. There was at least an illusion of hope and promise in front of her. Not so now. She had no idea what the future would hold, and the uncertainty was anything but exciting. For many people Annie's age, it was the uncertainty of the future that drove them, pushed them toward their goals. But, for Annie, it was scary as hell, and she wished she had Max to help talk her through this tumultuous time. He was, after all, not just her lover, but her best friend. 
Annie's parents kept encouraging her to get out of the house and do something, softly pushing her to make her next life decisions. It was clear to them that she had reached a point of aimlessness. But she didn't feel like she knew anyone in town anymore. Most of her old friends from high school had moved, or, even if some of them had remained, she wasn't prepared to expend her energy on some awkward reunion. 
So, she started spending a lot of time at the university's music library. She went mostly to get her parents off her back, but it was nice to be out in the world again, if only to feel as if she were doing something, though she was doing mostly the same stuff at the library that she had been doing at home. She would sit in the listening area of the library and play old records. With the headphones on, she could still wallow in self-pity, but she could do it in a completely new environment. She spent a lot of time listening to Glenn Gould's interpretations of Bach's Goldberg Variations. And, eventually, she found that, for the first time since her spring recital, she really wanted to play the piano again.
Her mother had been pushing her to play more at home, encouraging her to not get out of practice. And she did play from time to time from her old songbooks. But nothing in those books was particularly challenging to her anymore, and she found that her playing was more automatic than it had been in a long time. At first, she blamed her  robotic playing on the music. Then she blamed it on the piano. But she knew the problem was her own. Her playing had become more technical than emotional. She wasn't playing with any feeling, simply playing what was in front of her like someone had flipped a switch in her brain. She just couldn't ignite any of that old passion. She felt genuinely uninspired, and her playing felt tired and lifeless. She was frightened that she was becoming bored with playing. Scared because she felt that music was all she had left—the one thread that held the rest of her life together. It had been all that still made sense of life. Without it, she would be an empty vessel, unmoving.
But hearing Gould, hearing the energy and the effortlessness of some of his later recordings in particular, she could hear the delicate ease of his phrasings, and the delight he clearly found in the music. Hearing him hum over the tracks made her remember how much joy one could find in playing the piano well. 
And, so, one afternoon, she got up from the record player, set the headphones down by the player, left the library, and started searching the rest of the music building for a piano.
She found a room near the library with an old, ragged upright piano sitting in the back of the room. The door to the room was open, and though the lights were off, she didn't hesitate to go inside and sit at the piano. She stared at the keyboard for a long time. She lightly touched the keys, stroked them without pressing them toward music. She played a few scales to get a feel for the piano, learn its character, its sound. And then she played—just played. She didn't look at any music. There was no music to see. She didn't play anything from memory because none of the old music felt real to her anymore. She needed a different sound, something new to dance on. So, she just let her fingers skip across the keys, let out all her frustrations, her sadness, her fears, her desire. She felt, for the first time, that she was speaking the words she had been unable to articulate the past few months. For the first time since the last time she saw Max, she felt like she was finally getting all that hurt and anger off her chest, and it was rolling off her with such little effort that she even caught herself humming over the song. 
After several minutes, she stopped, took a breath.
"What was that?" a voice asked from behind her.
Annie jumped. She hadn't known anyone was there.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. I was just walking by and heard someone playing, and I had to stop. It was amazing—whatever it was."
She turned to get a closer look at him. "Eric?"
"Annie? I had no idea."
She got up from the piano and moved toward him. "How are you? It's been… Well, it's been a long time."
"It has. What? Five or six years probably," he said. "What are you doing back in town?"
And they proceeded to talk for a bit in that dark, empty music room. They talked about Annie's playing. They talked about the jazz records Eric had tucked under his arm. And they spoke about what they'd both been doing since they last saw each other. They stood in that room and talked for a long time, neither one of them wanting the conversation to end. So, he asked if she had time to get a cup of coffee. And it was so nice for her to have someone, other than her parents, to talk to again, and it was so good to feel like someone wanted to listen to her, that there was someone she genuinely wanted to listen to, that she said yes. She did have the time. She had nothing but time.
They were engaged three months later. Married seven months after that. And she never, ever told him about Max and their spring in Boston. As far as Eric knew, Max and Annie had a long high school relationship and nothing more.
For her, it was a secret worth keeping. It would only hurt Eric to know the truth. It would only damage their relationship, cause uncomfortable questions to arise, unfortunate answers to unfurl. And she would like to say that it didn't matter what happened in the past, that it had no effect on their relationship, but she couldn't say that. It wasn't true. 
For Eric, though, her secret would be tantamount to lying. She knew that now. And maybe he was right.
There are things that go unspoken out of simple harmlessness. These are things that you never tell people, not because they would be harmful, but because they're not particularly interesting or relevant. But, there are other things, secret things, that you intentionally keep quiet. Maybe Eric's right that these are lies by omission.
"Anyone ready for dessert?" Eric asks.
Annie looks at him, then she looks around the table at everyone. They're all looking at her, waiting for her. 
"Right. Dessert," she says.

Annie rises from the table, starts to move toward the kitchen, stops, turns around. "I have pumpkin and apple pie. What would everyone like?" She asks looking toward Max first.
"I'll have apple," he says.
"A la mode?"
"No, the pie is fine."
She goes around the rest of the table with everyone telling her what they want, and then disappears into the kitchen.
Eric stands up. "Well, I guess I'll clear these dishes," he says, grabbing his plate and Annie's.
"No, let me," Holly says, standing and moving toward Eric to grab the plates from him.
"I'll help you," Michael says, standing with his and Amy's plate.
Holly stops and glares at him for a moment. He can feel her glaring, but he ignores her.
Holly moves toward the kitchen with the plates, Michael follows closely behind after grabbing Max's plate.
Annie is standing in the kitchen, leaning on the counter of the kitchen island, staring into the two pies planted in front of her.
Holly moves to the sink, places the plates in the sink. She turns, and takes the other plates from Michael, who's suddenly standing behind her. 
"Thank you," she says.
"Who is he?" Michael asks.
"Who?" Holly asks moving away from him and grabbing a knife from a drawer. She hands the knife to Annie. "Don't you thing you should start cutting those pies?"
"Right," Annie says.
"Who is he—this Tim guy?"
"He's a friend."
"Only a friend?" Michael asks.
"I don't see how that's any of your business."
"I disagree. We both know—"
"Michael, sorry. Could you get the ice cream and whipped cream for me?" Annie asks.
"Sure," he says. "We both know you were supposed to come here to meet with me tonight. We were supposed to be here together."
"Were we?"
"You know what I mean."
"No, enlighten me."
"This was supposed to be a date."
"I don't remember being asked on a date, and I don't remember agreeing to a date."
"Annie, tell her."
"I don't want any part of this conversation right now," Annie says.
"But you…" Michael says, almost pleading for someone to be on his side.
"Michael, I don't owe you—"
"Do you have any feelings for him, this guy—this Tim?"
"Don't be daft. What kind of question is that?"
"Michael, could you put a scoop of ice cream on all the apple pie plates except one. And, Holly, could you put whipped cream on all the pumpkin pie plates, except for one. And that one pumpkin pie without whipped cream needs a scoop of ice cream."
"Ice cream on pumpkin pie?" Michael asks.
"I'm not asking you to eat it."
Michael starts scooping the ice cream onto the plates, reaching over Holly to do it.
"I don't know why it's daft to ask about your feelings for someone, particularly when you know how I feel about you."
"Because it's personal."
"So, you do feel something for this guy—this Tim."
"Will you please quit saying his name like that? You say it like it's some invective. You don't even know him."
"I know he's standing in the way of me getting closer to you."
"No, I'm standing in the way of you getting closer to me."
"Why?" Michael asks, and he looks at her, right at her. And they are close.
She looks at him, and his eyes—those intense, dark brown Michael eyes—are boring into her, and she is caught breathless for a second, her mind spinning for an answer.
"Well?" Annie asks, looking at Holly.
Holly looks at Annie, and then back at Michael. She takes her finger and dips it in the whipped cream and puts a dab of cream on Michael's nose. "That's why," she says.
Michael wipes his nose, and licks the cream off his finger. "What's that mean?"
"It's a secret."
"You know that just about everything you do, even the stuff you do to put me off, only makes me like you more," Michael says.
A second or two passes, and the intensity of the quiet grows.
"Michael, why do you do this to me?" Holly asks. "Why do you say things like that?"
"I just say what I think."
"Well, stop it. It makes me… It gives me—"
"I won't stop. I can't."
"You're going to have to stop for the moment," Annie says. "We need to get these plates out there. I'll take these three, and if you could get the rest for me," Annie says, and moves out into the dining room.
Holly reaches down and grabs two plates. She starts to move away from Michael, but he stops her. He puts his hand on her bare arm, inches above the elbow. She stops as suddenly as his warm hand meets her skin, and a shudder rolls up her back—a good shudder. A shudder she wouldn't mind feeling again. And again. 
"Tell me that you're not interested and I'll leave you alone."
"I've never said I wasn't interested," she says. She's trying not to look at him, afraid the look in her eyes will surrender too much.
"But do you desire me?"
"Michael, I…"
"You can't just say it?"
"I can't."
"But this guy… What does it mean?"
"It's nothing," she says, turning to look at him, and, finally, a softness, a vulnerability is apparent in her eyes. He's never seen her look at him that way before, and he knows he's pierced a wall. "He's an old friend of John's. I asked him to come with me tonight because I'm not sure I'm ready for this."
"Okay, I understand. Just know that I'm here. I'm waiting for you. And I'm a patient man, but… You're just about all I think about. You're my…"
"Michael—"
"My constant. And if you tell me to give you space, that you don't want me to pursue you anymore, it will crush me, but I'd rather know before I—"
"Don't stop. I don't want you to stop," she says, and he watches the curtain fall and the lights come up inside her. Maybe he's projecting, but, for the first time, he feels the soft certainty of love rest between them. His whole body is screaming and he desperately wants to scoop her up, kiss her on the mouth. But he just stands there, his hand near her elbow, staring into her beautiful blue eyes.
"Guys," Annie says, looking in at them. "Come on. The ice cream's going to melt."
"Right. Sorry," Holly says, and moves from Michael toward the kitchen.
"Holly," he says.
"Yeah?" she asks, turning toward him once more.
"Now, everything changes. We can be wonderful now."
She doesn't say anything, but a big grin bursts on her face, and her instinct tells her to cover the smile with her hand, but she's carrying two plates. Her happiness is naked. 
"What kind of person says that?" she asks, shaking her head as she leaves the kitchen.
He hits the counter top with his hand, and whispers, "Yes. Yes. Yes." Then he grabs the last three plates and walks from the kitchen to the dining room with a whole new rhythm to his step.
Michael walks around the table, hands Wendy her plate of pumpkin pie, and asks, "Who eats ice cream with pumpkin pie?" 
Holly laughs out loud at this, and it startles the room. Michael looks at her. He laughs too.
"Did we miss something?" Eric asks.
"Yeah, what were guys up to in there?" Wendy asks.
"Nothing. They're just being silly," Annie says.
Michael sits down and hands Amy her dessert.
"What's so funny?" Amy asks, putting her hand on Michael's wrist. 
It suddenly occurs to him—looking down at Amy's hand, feeling how softly her hand slides from his wrist, leaving a hint of tenderness behind it—that Annie has sat him next to her to push them together. But as quickly as it occurs to him, he pushes the thought away, tries not to dwell on it. Besides, Annie wouldn't try to set him up with someone else when she knows how hard he's been pursuing Holly. So, he tries to shake the whole idea out of his head.
But when he looks over at Amy, she's smiling at him, and there is something in those eyes, something soft and wanting. Now, suddenly, he feels that he can't—if there's any possibility of confusion—lead her to believe that he's interested in her in any way.
He takes a bite of his apple pie, and smiles nervously back at Amy.
"Well?" she asks.
"It's good."
"No, not the pie. I asked what was so funny a second ago."
"Oh, right," he says. "Nothing, really. I'd said something about pumpkin pie and ice cream when we were in the kitchen, and when I said it again just now, Holly just…" He stops himself. "Listen," he says, leaning close to her, lowering his voice, "I'm sorry. I don't want to offend you, but you know that I'm interested in Holly, right?"
"Yeah, I guess. Why?"
"Because I thought, maybe, since Annie sat me next to you, and you've been so… Well… Warm to me…"
"Michael. Seriously?" Amy asks with a funny look on her face. She doesn't look angry, just surprised. He can't quite read what she's thinking.
"I just—"
"You didn't know?"
"Didn't know what?"
"I'm with Wendy."
"Wendy?" he asks, leaning back to look at Wendy, who, thankfully, is busy talking with Eric. "I had no idea."
"It's alright."
"I suppose I should've known. You guys came together, and she's so… So…"
"So, what?"
"Well," he says, whispering again. "She kind of looks like a lesbian."
"Does she?"
"Is that not something I should say?"
"No, it's fine. I'm a big girl. I don't offend so easily," she says, smiling at him. "And me?"
"What about you?"
"Do I look like a lesbian?"
"No, not at all. You're pretty. Feminine."
"And other lesbians aren't pretty? Aren't feminine? They're what, exactly?"
"You work in women's studies, right?"
"Uh huh."
"Let's pretend I never uttered the word feminine."
"I'm just kidding you. I don't mind," she says, laughing at him.
"Good. I wouldn't want to upset you. You seem nice, and I do have a tendency to say the wrong things at times. I don't have the best social filter, you know."
"I know. We were warned."
"Max and Annie told you that I—"
"That you have no filter."
"Huh? Maybe I'm the one who should be offended."
"They said it lovingly," Amy says, and then touches his arm again. "So, tell me what really happened in the kitchen with Holly?"
"You're a gossip," he says, teasing her.
"Just curious, that's all."
"Something nice happened," he says, and he can't help but smile as he says this, but he feels embarrassed by this new, easy happiness. He looks up at Holly and catches her looking at him. She's smiling too, but then she looks away, starts to cover her embarrassed mouth but stops, let's it be on display again.
"Good. That's good," Amy says.
"It is," he says. "Why do you say that?"
"Because Holly's a friend of mine."
"I knew you knew her, but I didn't know you were close."
"Yeah, I've known her since before John… Well, you know."
"Really? You knew him?"
"A little bit."
"What'd you think of him?"
"He seemed nice enough. He made Holly happy."
"Does she seem happy now?"
"Honestly, Michael, the past couple months, I haven't ever seen her happier. And I'm convinced it's because of you."
"Really?"
"Sure. You don't know how tough the past few years have been for her. She's been anti-social, and, at times, downright despondent. She needed someone like you, someone who would needle and prod her out of whatever darkness she'd adopted. Since you've been around, she's become more talkative, more open, warmer. And she's funny again. She laughs now. I had forgotten how much fun she could be. I hadn't heard any of that from her in a very long time.
He looks over at Holly again. Tim is saying something to her. She's so pretty sitting there trying to pretend she's not aware of Michael's stare. 
"She's certainly making me happy," he says. Then he turns back to Amy. "You think she's ready?"
"A month or two ago, I would've said no way. But, now, I think so."
"But if she's ready then why'd she bring him?"
"She's the only one who doesn't think she's ready. You need to show her it's okay."
"How do I do that?
"If you really care for her…"
"I do."
"And if you're serious, then it'll be okay."
Michael scoops a piece of pie onto his fork, dips it into the puddle of vanilla ice cream on his plate, and takes a bite. The room, once full of several private conversations has grown quiet. The sound of Django Reinhardt's guitar is rolling across the room, accompanied by the sound of forks on plates and that nervous noise of a group of people trying to find something to say.
Max is resting his elbows on the table, his chin parked on the fists of his hands. He makes no secret of the fact that he's looking at Annie.
Annie is nibbling at her pie, trying to pretend that she has an appetite, and doing her best to avoid Max's stare, passing her eyes instead on everyone else at the table, one-by-one, and politely smiling when she catches someone's eye. 
The song changes, and a soft piano sound fills the room. Max takes his eyes from Annie and eases back in his chair. Eric, too, seems to relax at the sound of the song.
"Oscar?" Max asks Eric.
"Yep," Eric says.
"Oscar who?" Amy asks.
"Oscar Peterson," Eric answers.
"Our dad used to play Oscar Peterson all the time. And, if this is from Pastel Moods, this was one of Dad's favorite albums."
"It still is. He still plays it all the time. In fact, he gave me the LP when we bought the house. God knows where he got it. It couldn't have been easy to find. But he said that he couldn't imagine a house being a home without it."
Max sits up again, planting his elbows back on the table. "You still play, Annie?"
"Of course I still play."
"Well, I didn't want to presume."
"She plays in a jazz band here in town, and she teaches," Eric says. 
"At the university?"
"No, mostly just here at the house," Annie says.
"I knew you gave private lessons," Max says. "Are these mostly little kids?"
"Mostly, yeah."
"So, you've never taught at the university?"
"I've taught a few music theory classes in the past, mostly during summer semesters."
"And you play jazz?"
"Yeah, it's just something I do with a couple local musicians. We play twice a month at The Wayfarer."
"The bar?"
"Right," Annie says, and looks at him skeptically. "Why do I feel like you're judging me?"
"No. All that sounds fine. I just remember you saying that you never wanted to end up like your mom, teaching piano to spoiled suburban kids."
"Max," Eric says, clearly annoyed. "What's the point of—?"
"No, Eric. It's alright," she says, not taking her eyes off Max. "I was naive then, Max. Some things don't turn out quite the way we expect them to." 
Max raises his eyebrows at this and laughs a little under his breath. Annie can't quite tell if he's making fun of her, or if his laughing is simply nervous laughter. 
"But that's okay," Annie says. "I certainly don't regret leaving Boston to come back home. I love this place, and I love the kids I teach. And I genuinely feel like I make a difference in their lives."
"That's good. And I certainly didn't mean to imply—"
"It is good," she says, with a tinge of irritation in her voice.
"Of course this is always the problem when you run into someone from your youth, someone who really knew you," Max says. "They know who it is you most wanted to be, and you only know who you've become. They hold a mirror up to your past, and it's not always a face you recognize."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Annie asks, disappointed that he didn't just let the subject drop.
"Nothing profound. Just saying that I'm sure it probably happens to everyone."
"Everyone but you?"
"No, things certainly didn't turn out how I hoped they would," he says, and she looks at him. A flash of panic comes over her. She wonders what he might say next, all the while knowing that she's invited it.
"Okay," Eric says. "I think we can all concede that we've all changed since high school."
"Not me," Michael says. "I'm doing exactly what I thought I'd be doing since before my bar mitzvah."
Amy elbows him in the ribs. He looks over at her. She shakes her head at him.
The room is quiet again, and there is a tenseness in the air. No one quite knows what to say. The heat from Max and Annie is still swirling.
"I'd love to hear you play something," Max says, finally.
"Now?" Annie asks.
"Sure. Why not?" Max asks.
"No, I don't really feel like playing. I've just—"
"Come on. I'd love to hear you play some jazz. My memories of your playing consist almost entirely of you wrestling with the Goldberg Variations."
"She's still wrestling with those," Eric says.
"Just one song," Max says.
"Yeah, Annie. It'd be nice," Amy says.
"But I don't have anything prepared."
"Do you know Greensleeves?" asks Wendy. "I've always liked that song, and since it's the holidays and all…"
"Too somber," Max says. "Play something Oscar would play."
"I don't—"
"Come on. If you've been playing in a jazz band, you have to know a ton of standards."
"Of course I do."
"Great. So play one." Max says, as if he had decided for her.
"I really didn't plan on playing anything. And I feel like whenever I play in a setting like this it always ends up coming off as needy, like I'm performing for validation or something, like I'm intentionally pushing myself into the center of attention."
"No one thinks you're needy," Max says. "Besides, I asked you to play. It's not as if you just decided to start playing on your own."
"But you will, no doubt, be the center of attention," Michael says. 
Amy elbows him again.
"See," Annie says. "And, besides, I've had a few too many glasses of wine."
"I've seen you play at The Wayfarer after a lot more than some wine," Holly says.
"Okay. Since you're all conspiring against me, I'll play," she says and rises from the table. She moves toward the piano, tries to avoid looking at Max, but does glance over for a second, and sees a small smile etched on his face. She hadn't really seen him smile tonight, and now, suddenly, she feels every ounce of that wine swishing in her knees.
Eric takes out his smartphone and pauses the music on the home stereo system. 
"How'd you do that?" Max asks.
"What?"
"Stop the music."
"I have an app on my phone that controls the music on the computer."
"But I thought you said it was an LP."
"Yeah, but I transferred all of my LP's to the computer long ago. How do you think we've been listening to so many different artists tonight. I can't put LP's on shuffle."
"Vinyl as MP3's? What would Dad say?"
"I did the same thing for him. It's called moving forward, Max. You should look into it."
"Are you guys done?" Annie asks, standing by the piano, a hand on her hip.
"Yeah, sorry," Eric says.
The piano is behind Max, on the wall beside the entryway to the hall. Annie slides the bench out, careful not to bump Max or his chair. She can feel every set of eyes on her as she sits to play. She stretches her fingers out over the keys, takes a second to caress the coolness of the keys, and takes a slow breath.
She didn't really have to think too hard about what she would play. She's had the same song going through her head since Eric told her that Max was coming. And, as she starts to play the notes, the song feels remarkably fluid flowing from her fingers. So, she just closes her eyes and let's the wave roll over her.
Both Eric and Max immediately recognize the song as "You Turned the Tables On Me." It's one of the tracks from Peterson's great Pastel Moods, and one of their dad's personal favorites. It's one of the songs that their dad always maintained was never played better than Peterson played it on that record.
And before today Max would have agreed. But, tonight, listening to Annie play, watching her body move to the music, the soft swaying of her shoulders, there's something sultry breathing beneath the notes. Now, he feels sure he's never heard it played better, or at least no one's ever played it with as much sex beneath the song.
Eric, surprisingly, who listens to her play all the time, can't remember ever hearing her play this one, and there is something in her playing that makes him lean into the table. He's not sure if it's because he's reacting to the earnestness of her playing, or if there is something fearful rising up in him—a reaction to the obvious passion in her playing. There's something soft about her performance, and yet something frantic as well. He can't help but think she's trying to communicate something, even if unconsciously. And he can feel it.
You turned the tables on me.
And now I've fallen for you.
Though Annie is not singing the lyrics, Eric and Max both know the words. And Eric tries not to read too much into it.
Max also tries not to read anything into it, but he can't help but hear what he wants to hear.
In this song, all those emotional undercurrents are there if you want to hear them. All those hopes, regrets, and desires are moving through the air. Every note feels charged with meaning. And, though the tension has been high all evening—something writhing under the surface, seething—the music has made it more present. The song has exposed the nerve, and for those three or four minutes that she plays, Annie, Eric, and Max might as well have been the only ones in the room. And meanings, and hurt feelings, and emotions too long suppressed were rising up in every direction.
Annie, for her part, felt every note intensely. She felt as if she were connected to that piano, as if the song were playing her, and she just wanted to crawl inside the comfort it gave her. For the first time all evening, she felt in control, as if she were finally able to have the upper hand, and she used it. 
And as she came to the end, she realized that she had been humming along with the song, like Gould's humming, and she knew she had touched something pure in the music. It had been too long since she'd felt that way. And, as she moved her fingers, ever so reluctantly, off the keys, she could feel Max's eyes caressing her, like fingers near her shoulder, and when she turned and everyone at the table softly clapped, she saw him looking, felt the soft touch of those eyes, and an old loveliness passed between them.
The music had opened a door between them, and she didn't know if it could be closed again. Or even if she wanted it to be closed.
"That was great, Annie," Eric says. "I don't remember ever hearing you play that before."
"I'm full of surprises," she says.
"I'll bet you are," Max says, but only loud enough for Annie to understand.
"What was that?" Eric asks.
"I said it was very nice," Max says.
"Yes. Very good, Annie," Amy says.
"Very impressive," Tim says.
"Thank you," Annie says, shyly smiling. "Now, anybody want some coffee?" she asks, standing up from the piano, trying to turn the attention away from herself. But as she bends to push the bench under the piano, she catches a glimpse of pure whiteness in the space between the curtain and the dining room window.
Snow.

III. Storms

"Eric, didn't you say the storm was going to miss us?" Annie asks, moving to the window.
"Yeah, it was supposed to miss us to the north. Why?" He asks, standing from the table.
"It didn't," Annie says, pulling the cord to open the curtains over the dining room's picture window.
"Wow," Tim says.
"Oh my," Amy says.
"Well, that's definitely the storm they've been talking about," Wendy says.
The snow is coming down so hard that visibility outside is low to nonexistent. It's hard for Annie to see the street across their front yard, which is only about thirty feet away. The snow flakes are clinging together in large drops and are ever flowing. Great clumps of the stuff fall like a lace curtain over the street lamp by their driveway. It couldn't have been snowing any longer than an hour, but the cars in the driveway are already covered. 
"Who said it was going to miss us?" Michael asks.
"Every weather report I saw said it would miss, and I checked the radar at Mom and Dad's just a couple hours ago. The front was supposed to pass right by us to the northeast."
"That's what I heard too," said Wendy.
"It's supposed to be a bad storm too," Tim says. "I heard over six inches, and it's going to go well into the night. So, it won't be stopping any time soon."
Amy looks at Wendy. Wendy nods.
"Annie, we hate to eat and run, but that looks bad," Amy says.
"No, I understand," Annie says, but doesn't move. She's still staring out into the snow.
"Your coats are in the bedroom," Eric says. Let me…"
"I'll get them," Annie says, and turns around, but Max is standing right behind her. She almost bumped into him.
"No, it's alright," Eric says. "I'll go."
"I wonder if this means my flight will be cancelled," Max says, hardly acknowledging he and Annie's sudden closeness.
"When's your flight?" Annie asks, turning again toward the window, trying to get her bearings.
"Tomorrow morning."
"Probably depends on when it stops."
"I'm going to have to get back too," Tim says, standing up from the table.
Holly stands.
Michael stands with her.
"I'll get our coats," Holly says.
"You're leaving?" Michael asks. "But…"
"Michael, look at it out there. You think it's going to get better?" Holly asks and turns and leaves the dining room without waiting for Michael to say anything.
Tim looks at Michael, sees the despair written on his face.
"Holly," Tim says, calling after her, and moves to the hall.
Holly stops at the end of the hallway, and turns toward Tim.
"You don't have to come with me. You could stay."
"Don't be silly, Tim. How would I get home?"
"Well, Michael seems to want—"
"No, we should get back into town as soon as possible," she says, and turns toward Eric and Annie's bedroom, running into Eric as she gets to the door.
"Oh, you need your coats too?" Eric asks.
"Yeah, if you don't mind."
"Let me just…," Eric says, and grabs their coats off the bed. "You know, Holly, you're welcome to stay. The guest room—"
"No, I need to get home," she says and grabs her coat from Eric. She moves down the hall toward Tim. Eric follows behind her, and passes out everyone's coat.
"Michael, did you want your coat?" Eric asks.
"No, not yet," Michael says. He's standing in the doorway of the kitchen, staring at Holly, who is desperately trying not to acknowledge him. She's afraid that if she looks at him, sees the want in his eyes, she'll stay. And, if she stays, she knows there will be no turning back, and she's not entirely sure she's ready to not turn back.
"You're parked behind us," Wendy says to Tim. Her and Amy are waiting by the front door.
"Oh, right. Sorry," Tim says, and starts to move toward the front door. He looks back at Holly, but she freezes for a second, staring off into the living room, out the bay window, out into the swirl of snow.
Michael moves toward her, touches her arm, and guides her into the living room.
"Don't go," Michael says. "Stay with me."
"No. I have to go."
"No, you don't."
"Michael, please."
"I don't want to be without you tonight."
"How would I get home?"
"I'll take you."
"But it's bad out, and—"
"I'll take you home."
"No, I don't want you to come home with me."
"I never said anything about that."
"I know, but I'm afraid… I'll…," she trails off.
"But I thought something happened tonight. I thought we—"
"Yes… Maybe. But I still think I should go home tonight."
"Okay," he says, and backs away.
"I'm sorry, Michael," she says and moves out of the living room toward Tim. Tim opens the door and they move out into the snow. Amy and Wendy follow them out.
Michael moves over to the bay window, tries to watch her leave, but the visibility is poor, and he can barely distinguish the shapes of each body. Eric moves into the living room, and stands beside Michael, and they watch as the car lights brighten to life. The red brake lights of each car illuminate and start to ease out of the driveway, and slowly disappear down the road.
In the dining room, Annie is still standing at the picture window, in the same spot she was standing when she first saw the snow. Max is still standing behind her. He's close, and she's afraid to turn around again, afraid to face him. But each second she's suspended in front of him is fraught with increasing depth. She can feel it in her chest, her heart galloping at an ever-increasing pace.
"Should I go?" Max asks.
"Do you think you should go?"
"I'm not worried about the snow. I'm just down the road after all. I guess what I'm really asking is, do you want me to go?"
"No, of course not. Not if you want to stay."
"So, you want me to stay?"
"I didn't say that."
"But has my being here made you uncomfortable?"
"I can't say it wasn't a surprise," she says, catching his eyes through the reflection in the window.
"I almost didn't come."
"Why?"
"I didn't think it would be a good idea."
"And?"
"I'm glad I did," he says, talking to her reflection. "And you?"
"What about me?"
"Are you glad I came?"
"Ask me later."
"So, you do want me to stay."
She turns around, looks at him. Her heart stops for a second, and then it just hums. 
"Yes. I want you to stay."
The phone rings.
"I'll get it," Eric calls from the living room. He looks at the screen of the phone to see who's calling.
"Who is it?" Annie asks, standing at the doorway of the living room now. 
Eric shrugs his shoulders.
"Hello?" he says, and then a look of recognition flashes across his face. "But you're both okay?" he asks, and then listens. "Well, how far did you get before…?"
"Who is it?" Annie asks again.
Eric mouths something to her, but she can't decipher it.
"Okay, I'm on my way," he says, and hangs up the phone.
"What was that about?" Annie asks.
"That was Tim. They didn't even make it to the stop sign before the car slid off the road, and now they’re stuck."
"What do you mean they're stuck?" Annie asks.
"Just off the side of the road, and he can't get the car out of the snow."
"They're alright though?" Annie asks.
"What do you mean by off the road?" Michael asks.
"Guys, it's nothing. He said they're fine. The car's fine. They probably just need a push."
"Maybe they should just come back and spend the night," Annie says. "Just leave the car until the morning."
"Well, let me get out there first. If it's not that bad, and I can get them back on the road, they'll be on more well travelled roads into the city," Eric says, as he moves out of the room and down the hall. He goes to the bedroom closet to grab his coat, and moves to the front door where Annie is standing, waiting for him.
"Do you need any help?" Max asks, standing just inside the dining room.
"I'll call if I do," Eric says, putting his coat on.
"I'm coming with you," Michael says, and moves down the hall to get his coat.
"That's not necessary," Eric calls after him.
"I'm coming," Michael says from the bedroom. He grabs his coat, throws it on, moves back toward Eric at the front door.
"Be careful," Annie says. "And tell them not to risk it if the roads are too terrible. Remind them that there's room here."
"I will," Eric says, and opens the door.
Michael follows him out into the snow.
"How did it get so deep so quickly?" Michael asks, shutting the door behind them. "There wasn't even a flurry when I got here."
"Yeah, well, remember there was still a covering from last week's storm."
Michael stops.
Eric stops and looks at him, "What're you—?"
"It's Holly." 
Holly is standing under the streetlight at the end of the driveway.
"I think I'll stay," Michael says, "if that's alright."
"No, that's fine. I thought you might," Eric says, and moves toward Holly. "How bad is it?" he asks her as they cross each other's path in the driveway.
"I"m not sure," she says absently to Eric as she approaches Michael at the front of the house.
Michael watches her emerge from the surreal, gauzy glow of the snow and says, "You know, I don't think I've ever seen a more beautiful sight than watching you under that streetlamp just now, surrounded by snow."
"Yeah, well, that's how I planned it," she says, smiling at him.
"You're covered in snow," he says, brushing the stuff from her shoulders.
"Well, if you hadn't noticed, it is snowing."
"Right," he says, smiling. He's grown accustomed to her teasing him. "Do you wanna go inside?"
"Let's give it a second."
"Okay," he says, and they just stand there, silently looking into the endless walls of snow.
"Did you ever notice that it doesn't feel as cold when it snows?" she asks.
"I guess I never really thought about it."
"I thought you thought of everything," she says, looking at him, a playful look on her face.
"You'll find that I'm not as smart as I pretend to be."
"Will I?" she asks.
He doesn't answer. He just looks at her, watches her watching him. 
She finally looks away.
"Can I ask you something?" he asks.
"Yeah."
"Do you believe in signs?"
"I do tonight."

Eric sees the brake lights of Tim's car materialize through the maze of falling snow. It's about a hundred feet away. The night is quiet, but, somehow, the snow suppresses the normal nighttime disturbances. And, it's not just the noise that the snow affects, the snow also seems to carry its own light, lifts the weight from the darkness. 
Eric is enjoying this little, private stroll. He'd been feeling like he'd like to have a minute to himself all evening, a moment to be free of all the drama between Max and Annie, Michael and Holly. It's not as if he was blind to what was so obviously happening between Max and Annie. It scared the hell out of him to see the effect they still had on each other. But he also empathized with how difficult it must be for them. It has been forever since they've seen each other, and there is obviously something unresolved between them, something that had caused them to both fear and greatly anticipate this reunion. One thing was clear though, he had underestimated their feelings for each other all this time. It wasn't until tonight that he really saw, first hand, how far their love transcended youthful infatuation, or, worse, that their love might still persist. 
He taps on the driver's side window of Tim's car. Tim rolls down the window.
"You need a push?" Eric asks.
"No, I'm not really stuck."
"What do you mean you're not stuck?"
"I was trying to figure out a way to get Holly back to your house. So, I did my best to fake a slide off the road, and then really hit the gas in the snow to see if I could get the tires to spin. When they started spinning, I told her I was stuck and called you. And she bought it," Tim says, smiling at Eric. "I don't think she was paying much attention anyway. Her mind was still clearly on your friend, Michael. She just needed…"
"A push."
"Right," Tim says. "Sorry I dragged you out here."
"No, don't be. I'm happy you got Holly to come back. I've been trying to give her my own little push for awhile now."
"She's ready. Everyone knows it but her," Tim says. "She's just scared. But I think your friend has been good for her. She's changed these last few months. She's happier. And he seems nice."
"He is."
"He seems a little intense, but, overall, he seems alright."
They're quiet for a second, not quite knowing what to say.
"Outside of the danger of the snow on the roads," Tim says, "it really is beautiful, isn't it?"
"It is. Something about a snow storm that gives me the same excitement, the same joy I felt when it would snow before I… When I was younger. It's nice."
Tim blows some smoke out his car window. "Well, I'm going to—"
"Hey, do you mind if I take a cigarette?"
"I didn't know you smoked," Tim says, skillfully shaking a cigarette halfway out of his pack, holding it out for Eric to grab. Eric grabs it and leans down into the window for a light. An awkward moment passes before Tim realizes that Eric is waiting for him to light the cigarette. He grabs his lighter, and after several failed attempts, Eric finally gets the cigarette lit.
He coughs. "I don't smoke. Never have."
"Not a good habit to start at our age."
"Uh huh," Eric says clumsily, the cigarette in his lips.
"Well, Merry Christmas," Tim says.
"You too." 
Tim rolls up the window, and tries to move back onto the road, but he is a little stuck after all. He maneuvers the tires a bit back and forth, gets out of the rut he's made for himself, and moves cautiously back onto the road. He waves to Eric, and moves slowly toward the stop sign at the end of the street.
Eric stands in the middle of the street and watches Tim's car disappear. He decides he doesn't want to go back to the house just yet. He's enjoying being out in middle of the storm too much. He takes another hit off the cigarette, a small one, and suppresses a cough. He decides to take a short walk in the woods that surround their house.
It's the perfect time for a walk. Not only is it beautiful and calm out in the snow, but he is free from all the extracurricular stuff going on at the house. And, besides, his brother and Annie need some space. There's obviously some things they need to work out, some unfinished business they need to put to rest, and sometimes alone time is exactly what two people need.
A couple years ago, when Eric first took over for the retiring ombudsman, one of the best pieces of advice he got from the old guy was how to recognize when it was necessary to be an active mediator, a passive mediator, or an absent mediator. Sometimes, particularly when there are delicate, possibly embarrassing, emotions involved, the best mediation is to get the two parties in the office, have his assistant call him out of the office for some manufactured reason, and give the parties involved five or ten minutes alone together, and, oftentimes, the problem will resolve itself.
As Eric moves through the snow, taking careful steps, trying to keep the snow from the inside of his dress shoes, he smokes his cigarette, and looks for a place to sit on the tree line of their large back yard. He finds a fallen log, brushes the snow off, and sits. He takes another drag on the cigarette, watches its orange glow, and coughs into the snow, disturbing the quiet.
He can see the lights on in the back of the house, thinks about how much of a home it's become over the years, how much he and Annie have shared these past ten years, and he tries to suppress a fear he's had all night: His brother could steal her away, steal all they have built together.
Eric looks up into the snow, watches all those clumsy clumps of white float down, indeterminately, never knowing where they'll land.
And he smiles at the elegant chaos of it all, embraces it, lets the sweet, cold snow lick at his face.

"I should call his cell, see what's going on," Annie says, staring out the living room window, intentionally not facing Max, who is sitting in the chair near the window, his body twisted so he's facing Annie.
"Why? He said he'd call if he needed help."
"But he won't call."
"How do you know?"
"Because I know him. He doesn't like to ask for help."
"Sounds like him."
"Oh, come on. You hardly know him."
"He's my brother."
"A brother you've avoided for ten years."
"And whose fault is that?"
"Not his."
"No, not his fault alone."
"But you do blame him."
"I blame you both."
"And you're not culpable at all. No. How could you be? You're the master of avoiding difficult situations. You'll rationalize your way out of any responsibility."
"Well, I'm certainly culpable in my absence, but I don't think I could be blamed for not wanting to be around my brother and his wife—the wife that was supposed to be mine."
"Supposed to be yours?"
"That's right."
"I can't believe you said that."
"Tell me I'm wrong."
A beat passes. She stares at him, tries to think of something to say, knows there's no truth she can utter that won't dig her deeper. So, she just turns away. 
"You have every right to be upset with me, but not Eric," she says.
"And why's that?"
"Because he doesn't know anything about us. He had no idea about the state of our relationship, the history of us, when I ran into him again after Boston. I'm not even sure if he knows that we've spoken since high school."
"You never told him?"
"No."
"So, he knows nothing about Boston. He doesn't know about—"
"No, I never told him."
"Don't you think that was something he should've known?"
"Probably, yes. But I decided it was best to keep it to myself. Why hurt him?"
"But you weren't protecting him. You were protecting yourself."
"Maybe, in the beginning, I was protecting myself. But, as time passed, and I thought of telling him, particularly after it became clear that you were so angry with us, I realized that it wasn't just me I was protecting anymore. It would've crushed him to know the truth."
"And what truth is that? The truth about Boston? Or the truth about your persistent feelings for me?"
"Boston, Max," she says, sounding suddenly tired.
"But, wait. Let's go back."
"Must we?"
"When you called my parents, after I left for Europe, can I ask if you were going to—?"
"Say yes to your proposal?"
"Were you?"
"I was thinking about it."
"And I—"
"You were too prideful. In that way, you are like your brother. But, one thing I can say about him, he would never have bailed on me the way you did."
"But he had no reason to bail. You said yes to him."
"Max, I was shocked. You proposing to me was the last thing I expected. And you just assumed I would jump at the chance to surrender my future to you. Then you took off before I even had a chance to consider it. With Eric, I was a little bit older, my life was beginning to take on a shape of its own. And, ironically, this personal growth was because of you. You leaving Boston really pushed me to ponder what I wanted from the future. So, after your brother and I were together awhile, I was more prepared to answer those kinds of questions—the big questions. With you, at that time, the future seemed scarier, like every decision had an irrevocable finality attached to it."
"Would it help if I said I was sorry I left?"
She laughs. "Now you're sorry?"
"That's not fair. I've been sorry for a very long time. What do you want me to say?"
"I don't want you to say anything."
"Clearly, I shouldn't have reacted the way I did. But I was just a kid."
"We both were."
"And I was hurt. I didn't think marrying me should've been something you had to consider. I still don't think it was something you should've had to consider. You either knew you loved me or you didn't."
"Of course I loved you, Max," she says, shooting the words at him. And the matter-of-fact nature of her voice, the anger and hurt that it communicated, sent a painful truth into the air that reverberated between them, vibrated the entire room. And, suddenly, this truth felt too close, too dangerous. 
"But then I met you're brother," she says, filling the silence.
"You did that to get back at me."
"I did not."
"Come on, Annie. Sure you did."
"Is that what you've thought all these years?"
"Well, it's true, isn't it?"
"I can't believe you. You had absolutely nothing to do with it. He and I met by chance. He saw me, remembered me, we struck up a conversation, and the rest—"
"But I was what connected you."
"Maybe at first. But, then, we fell in love."
"You did?"
"Yes, we did."
"And you're still in love with him?"
"I still love him, yes."
"I didn't asked if you still loved him. I asked if you were still in love with him."
"What's the difference?" she asks, looking away from him and out the window, trying to look as far as she can into the snow, hoping to see Eric materialize from the storm. But, then again, she's afraid he might materialize, afraid she'll have to let this tense, wonderful, pregnant conversation—a conversation she's imagined having many, many times—fade away.
"You know the difference."
"When you've been with someone as long as I've been with your brother, you have good days and bad days, and the emotions fluctuate from time to time. There are days when I look at him, and I am still in love with him—moments where things feel certain and real and full. Then there are days where… I don't know. There are moments of less certainty. But the affection is always there."
"So there are doubts."
"I didn't say that."
"And me?"
"What about you?"
"Are you still in love with me?" he asks, standing up from the chair. He moves closer to her, only inches separate them. He's too close.
"Max," she says, trying to hush her heart, trying to pull the moment softly back to the ground. "I'm not answering that." 

"Are you cold?" Michael asks Holly, seeing that her arms are crossed tight around her body.
"A little bit."
"Then let's go inside."
"Not yet," she says. "Let's walk around the house a little. I want to see the back yard in the snow." 
She walks by Michael and moves toward the side of the house, treading slowly over the snow. She can hear Michael's footsteps following her. 
"Have you ever seen their back yard?" she asks.
"Yeah, we're always back there when I visit in the spring and summer. Eric likes to cook on his grill."
"There's not much that would make me seriously consider living in the country, but their yard always makes me think that it could be nice."
"Considering living out here is about as far as I'd ever go."
"Me too," she says. "So, you come here often?"
Michael laughs.
"What'd I say?"
"Sorry. That just sounded strange. I thought you were trying to ironically break the ice, so to speak."
"What? Do you come here often?" she says out loud again, searching for the humor. "Oh, that. Yeah, I wasn't being intentionally funny."
"I come over as often as they let me, usually once every couple weeks. I ask Eric to fit me in when they can, but they're both pretty busy."
"They are busy."
"Yeah, but they make themselves busy."
"Aren't you busy?"
"No, not really. I'm usually done with my days by the late afternoon. I try to schedule my classes in the morning, and my office hours are always around lunch on Tuesdays and Thursdays."
"So, that's why you're never around during lunch on those days."
"That's right," he says. "You miss me?" 
Holly just smiles, but he can tell she's happy with his small flirtations. These playful exchanges is how their relationship developed. Maybe it makes her more comfortable to play rather than act. 
"I'm glad I wore boots tonight," Holly says, as they walk by the side of the house. She uses her right hand as a guide against the exterior brick of the house. She takes slow, deliberate steps in the ever-accumulating snow—well over three inches now, particularly because it's falling on snow that was already on the ground.
As they get to the edge of the house, Holly takes a bad step and loses her balance for a second. Michael reaches over unconsciously, places his left arm around her lower back and rests his left hand firmly against her hip. His right hand is clutching her right elbow, holding her up.
They're frozen in the moment. She's leaning back into his arms, her head turned toward him. And everything is still. Everything except the snow. 
"Michael, I—"
"I don't think those boots were made for snow," he says, looking down at her high heeled knee-high boots.
"No, probably not," she whispers, her mouth only inches from his. They're so close that she can smell the sweetness of his breath, and she so badly wants to taste him. But she stops herself. She stands up straight and eases away from his arms. She bends down and wipes at the snow by her feet, and discovers that she had stumbled over a concrete gutter guide. "See, I knew I wasn't just being clumsy, though maybe I am a little dizzy from the wine."
"Maybe it's not the wine that's making you dizzy."
"Michael."
"I know. I'm being too forward."
"No. Don't apologize for yourself. It's me… But I'm trying," she says. "Really, I like that you say what's on your mind."
"You didn't always like it."
"Well, at first, your honesty, the intensity of your truth was surprising to me. But, now, it's refreshing. I've grown to appreciate it."
"So, I've grown on you."
"You could say that," she says, and she can't hide that smile again, that smile that hides nothing, shows all the evidence Michael needs to see that all her walls are crumbling down.
And, as they move away from the house and can see the full expanse of Eric and Annie's back yard, they stop and watch the snow fall in what seems like slow motion around them. 
There is a large utility light toward the back of the yard, and it gives a dreamy quality to the night's blackness beyond its reach, like they were watching sheets of distant stars skitter across infinity.

Annie moves toward the kitchen table. She grabs her empty wine glass, picks up the bottle of wine, shakes it a little to see what's left, and pours what remains in her glass.
"You sure you want to do that?" Max asks, following her from the living room.
"Oh, I'm sure."
"You've been hitting it pretty hard since I got here."
"Since before you got here."
"Do you do a lot of drinking these days?"
"No, I don't drink very much at all actually. Tonight just happens to be one of those drinking kind of days."
"Because of me?"
"Yes. Because of you."
"Why?"
"Max, I haven't seen you in nearly ten years. Do you have any idea how much pain you've caused me?"
"I do," he says, approaching her. "You don't think I've felt it too?"
"But you brought it on yourself."
"Maybe I did."
"And, honestly, I didn't know how I'd react to seeing you tonight. I mean, I knew you were in town obviously, and knowing that was enough to sit me on edge. But I thought I had successfully avoided you. And when Eric told me you were coming tonight, I was surprised by how the news made me feel."
"And how did it make you feel?"
"I was scared. Terrified, really."
"And excited."
"I won't deny that this has been exhilarating, and, God knows, when you get to be our age, this kind of uncertainty—"
"Our age? We're barely thirty."
"Over thirty."
"Still. Life has just begun."
"You think so?"
"I hope so."
Annie sits on the edge of the table. Max pulls a chair out from the table—one right beside Annie—to make room to sit on the table next to her.
"Do you think we could've been happy?" Max asks.
"If we stayed together, you mean?"
"Yeah."
"Who knows? That's nothing but a fantasy now."
"You've never thought about it?"
"Of course I have."
"And?"
"I'd like to think we would've been happy. We were happy, I think."
"I was."
"Me too," she says, smiling, letting the nostalgia wash over her—a state not unfamiliar to her. "But we were so young. It's easier to be happy when you're young."
"Man, Annie, you need to get some perspective on your age. You talk like you're in your sixties. Is this what happens to someone once they're married and settled in one place?"
"And what would I have been if we were married?"
"Happy."
"Who says I'm not happy now?"
"Well, I won't speak for you, but I know I've never been as happy as I was when I was with you. And, frankly, my time with you has ruined me for other women."
"What do you expect me to say to that? Would you like me to say that I've been ruined too?"
"Misery does love company."
"Right, well, maybe we did ruin each other a bit."
"But at least we knew love, felt that kind of intense connection to someone."
"Yeah, it was pretty wonderful, wasn't it."
"You think it was all worth it in the end?"
"I don't know. I'd like to think so."
"But do you think it's made it more difficult for you to be happy now." 
"Maybe, but happiness is a strange concept in that way. We seem to define it purely on our own terms, and it means something different to everyone. Our ideas of happiness completely depend on our expectations and our histories."
"So you're saying that we're only as happy as what's reflected from our pasts?"
"That, and the expectations that we've set for ourselves based on the past, or some fantasy that we've built… You know what? We shouldn't even be talking about this."
"Why?"
"Because it's not good."
"Not good for who?"
"For us. For Eric."
"I thought I was just talking to you. To Annie," he says, and turns to her. "My Annie."
She feels a shock go through her as he says this. He used to say it to her all the time—in quiet moments—and sometimes, when she chases her memory back to those days, she can still hear him say it. But now… 
"I'm not your Annie anymore."
"Not to me. You'll always be my Annie."
"Max. Don't. You're being provocative."
"I'm not being anything. We're just talking. There's no ulterior motive here. I have no expectations," he says, trying to make the words sound as believable as possible.
"Good," Annie says. She tries to steady her unsteady hands by taking another drink of wine. She can feel the warmth of his closeness against her bare arm, and she can't help but wonder what it would be like to feel him closer, what it would be like to feel his embrace. Just the thought of it brings tears to her eyes. She tries to suppress the rising emotion, tries to push it down.
"So, you happy now?" he asks. "Not just with Eric, but, more broadly, with life in general?"
"Sometimes," she says.
"That's about as much as anyone can hope for, I suppose."
"Yeah, probably," she says. But she can't help but detect some sadness in her own voice. "What about you?"
"What? Am I happy?"
"Yeah."
"Sometimes. When I'm not dwelling on the past and everything feels…  I don't know… Zen, I suppose. When I'm free of thought and the world is just floating by, that's when it'll occur to me that I'm happy, or that I've been feeling something akin to happiness. But then I'll remember that I'm not with you, and—"
"Max, you can't—"
"And that you're with my brother."
"We can't continue living in the past."
"So, you've been living there too, huh?"
Annie looks away, peers straight ahead, doesn't answer him.
"Not a day goes by—not one—when I don't regret what I gave up the day I gave up on Boston," he says.
"How long did it take you to figure that out?"
"I never didn't know."
"Then why'd you go?"
"Because I needed you to be certain," he says, and he's staring at her. He places his hand near her hand, allows them to touch just enough to feel the electricity, to embrace the tension between them. 
She moves her hand away—not too far.
"Why weren't you certain?" he asks.
"You can be certain of love and still be unsure about the future. The two can be mutually exclusive."
"I don't think so. I believe that when you love someone you necessarily see your future with them in it, no matter what."
"I did want you to be my future, but I didn't want my future to be lived on your terms. I was afraid that where you were going wasn't where I wanted to be."
"What's that mean?"
"I knew you were applying to graduate schools, schools exclusively on the west coast, and I didn't want you to assume that I'd just follow you around. I wasn't sure where I wanted to end up, but I knew I didn't want my future decided by the location you chose for us. I had no interest in being another woman who followed her man around. That wasn't me. I wanted to have some control over my own path."
"Who ever said you couldn't have control? We could've talked about all of this then."
"Right, just like the long conversations we had after I told you I was going to Berklee, or when I hesitated to say yes when you proposed."
"That's different. Talking about our plans for the future could've been done casually, without hurt feelings. Not answering when your lover asks you to marry him is anything but casual. It's seminal, and you ruined it. You silenced the moment."
"And for my silence you decided to silence our voice altogether."
"That may be true, and maybe I acted—"
"Why are we rehashing this? Is this going to make us feel better about the past? Because it's certainly not going to change anything now."
"You're right."
They sit in the quiet for a minute. And you can almost hear the jazz in the background over the buzz that hovers between them. There are so many things to say, and yet there are so many fears about exposing too much—too much love, too much vulnerability. 
"What about the girl that came on this trip with you? What's her name?"
"Stacy."
"Right. What's going on with her?"
"I don't know. She's just a kid, really."
"What's that mean? How old?"
"Twenty-four."
"Oh, she's not a kid. She's not that much younger than you."
"In years, maybe. But she's not the brightest girl I've ever been with."
"But she's pretty."
"She's very pretty, yes."
"Of course she is," Annie says, and her attempts at good humor toward this girl are quickly turning to jealousy. "And you're flying to meet her tomorrow?"
"Yeah."
"Where?"
"Ohio. I'm meeting her parents."
"Christmas with her parents? And just after she's met your parents? Sounds serious."
"I suppose it does."
"Is it?"
"In as much as we're together and not seeing anyone else."
"But?"
"But I'll never love her the way she expects me to love her."
"How do you know?"
"You can tell these things pretty early on, don't you think?"
"Yeah, probably."
"See, you set the bar too high."
"Sorry," she says, and moves her hand on top of his hand.
Max can't tell if this touch is a consoling touch or an act of desire, but he has a sudden impulse to kiss her. It flashes over his body like a reflex. And his love for her, in that moment, is so full and so strong that he can hardly imagine being away from her ever again. 
But he knows that's exactly what he'll have to be—away from her.
"You know, if you had ended up with someone other than my brother, I could've come here tonight, and we could've left together. Never looked back."
"Yeah, but who says I—?"
"And I could've kissed you just now."
"Max, we shouldn't…"
"I wanted to, you know. Just now."
"You did?"
"I did. I wanted to."
"I'm glad you didn't."
"Why?"
"Because I wouldn't have been able to stop you," she says, tired of pretending that the feelings she's feeling, the desires that are dancing across her skin, don't exist.
"So we both just go through the rest of our lives trying to forget that we love each other?"
"Yeah, well, we've been doing a real bang-up job of it all these years," she says, sarcastically.
"But we've fooled the rest of them."
"I suppose we have."
"And this is our cross to bear?" he asks.
"There are worse crosses to bear."
"I suppose, but this one feels pretty terrible at the moment—sitting next to you, being this close to you."
"At least we're close," she says. "I can't tell you how much I've wanted to see you, how often I've dreamed of seeing your face again. Sometimes I would imagine that time had stopped for us, and that whenever me met again, you'd look exactly the same as I remembered."
"And? Am I the same?"
"You've grown. Your face has matured," she says, looking into his eyes.
"Before I came tonight, I was trying to prepare myself for how I would react when I saw you. But, when you walked out from the kitchen, I fell apart inside. My only hope was that I was at least appearing to keep it together."
"Max, stop."
"You don't know how many times I've wanted to call, how many times I've wanted to come back here to steal you away from him."
"Really?"
"And I did fly back once. Right before your wedding."
"What?"
"I did. I flew in, got a rental car, and psyched myself up for a whole dramatic scene. I had a big speech all prepared. I was ready to tell you how he'd never love you like I loved you, and how you'd never know the happiness that we could've known if you stayed with him, and that if you didn't leave him right then than you'd always wonder about us. But I couldn't do it. I made it as far as your parents' house. I sat in the car a few houses back, and tried to rationalize what I was about to do to you, to my brother, to our families. But then I thought of the silence after I asked you to marry me. And the fact that you said yes to him and… I started to hear the self-doubt. I started thinking that I might give you this big speech, and that I might face that silence again."
"Max."
"I couldn't face that silence again."
"And so you just went back home."
"I did," he says, "But what would you've said if I had made it to you?"
"I don't know. Things were still so raw after Boston. I was mad at you for a long time."
"So, I was right to go back."
"Why are we doing this to each other?"
"Have you ever thought of reaching out to me?" he asks, ignoring her question.
"Of course. There are letters I've written—many letters. Letters never sent, obviously."
"You wrote letters?"
"Yes. Too many. And if I'd had your address… Who knows? Maybe I would've actually sent one."
"Can I see them?"
"No."
"No, of course not. I don't want to see them. I mean, I want to see them, but I know I shouldn't."
"Right."
"One thing though?"
"What?"
"Tell me you still love me?"
"Don't ask me to do that."
Max stands up, turns toward her.
"What are you doing?" she asks.
"Don't worry," he says, and grabs her bare arms with his warm hands, eases her up from the table, embraces her.
"Max?"
He leans into her face, rests his cheek against her cheek.
"I do still love you," she says.
"I know."

"You just went your separate ways?" Holly asks.
"We did."
"And you had been together for how long?"
"A couple years," Michael says, looking out into Eric and Annie's yard from their back deck. 
"That must've been hard. Saying goodbye after all that time."
"Not really."
"How can you say that?"
"Don't get me wrong, I missed her. Sometimes I would come home from work and feel her absence in the new house. I missed having something familiar in a strange town. And there's no doubt that I missed having someone to listen to me talk. And, it's true, I suppose, that we'd built a life around each other, that there were memories we had that would come back to me now and then. And those memories would give me a sense of sadness, a tug of nostalgia that made me wish things might have been different for us."
"I would hope so. I can't understand how you could love someone, share your world with them for that long and not be devastated to say goodbye."
"But you're projecting."
"How am I projecting?"
"You're assuming that since we were together, and shared a home, that there was some great love between us."
"There wasn't?"
"No. Not at all."
"You never loved her?"
"No."
"And she…?"
"I don't think so."
"And you're sure this was a romantic, sexual relationship?" she asks, jokingly.
"More like a sexual partnership, but yes."
"God, that sounds so cold."
"It does. I know."
"And you're sure it ended on good terms?"
"It did. She got a teaching job down south, I got the job here, and that was it. It wasn't something that we discussed really. It was never a question of if we would stay together, it was more about our circumstances. It just so happened that we attended the same graduate school, but I don't think we were under any illusions about it stretching into the future. We both wanted to teach, and we both were going to go where we had a job. And the chances that our jobs would be geographically close enough to accommodate a relationship were remote at best. I just think we both always knew that the relationship was a temporary arrangement."
"It just sounds so logical, so callous."
"Again, though, it's only callous if we had the relationship that you're projecting on us."
"So, that kind of arrangement relationship seems normal to you?"
"No, not at all. Not now."
"What changed?"
"Well, at the time, it felt like the right thing to do. Even then, I was more troubled by not being troubled by it. I worried that maybe I wasn't capable of the kind of love that I grew up believing existed from pop songs and movies. There was a part of me that worried that the fantastic love that pop culture fed us was purely a construct, a social invention, a flimsy monument to hope, and that I'd never really share anything that emotionally heightened with anyone."
"So, you always knew that you didn't love her?"
"No, see, that's the thing. I didn't know because I didn't know anything about romantic love. I had a distorted view of it from my own past relationships, and my romantic experiences weren't particularly warm. So, I thought what I had with her was love. Mostly because it was pleasant. But when things were over, and I felt none of the heartache that I knew I should feel, I began to realize that I'd never known love. At least, I knew that I'd never known the kind of love that I'd absorbed from pop culture. And I began to worry that love was really nothing more than fondness through proximity, and that pop culture love was some hoax of hope, and that what I had with her was the best that it would ever be. That was particularly depressing because I felt no electricity with her, no craving after she was gone."
"Do you still think that pop culture love is only a fantasy?"
"No, not anymore. I haven't felt that way since I met you."
"Oh, come on."
"It's true. What I'm feeling standing here in the snow with you right now… I never felt a fraction of this the entire time I was with her."
"You're just saying that to—"
"No, Holly. Please don't attach cynical motives to the things I say to you. That's not how I talk to people, and it's certainly not the way I will ever talk to you."
"Sorry."
"I listen to pop music now—on purpose. Old songs that I never used to understand, I understand now because of you. I crave those songs, silly songs, because they remind me of you. All that electricity, all that craving I never knew, I know now," he says, and moves nearer to her.
"What are you doing?"
"Getting closer."
"You certainly are."
"You want me to stop."
"No, I don't."

Eric is still sitting on the fallen log by the tree-lined edge of the backyard. From here, he can see Max and Annie standing on the deck. He can barely see them from this distance, but they're there. They're mostly obscured by the snow—two silhouettes flickering in out of the static, like watching some black and white movie on an old television with bad reception. 
It feels like it's gotten colder. It's probably the same temperature as it was when he first came out, but the amount of time he's spent in the weather—not moving around—has made him feel colder. His collar is up on his coat, and his bare hands are tucked under his arms. He either left his gloves and knit cap in the bedroom, or they fell from his pockets somewhere from the house to here. Either way, he's definitely missing them.
He would love to sneak back into the house, but, at this point, he's afraid that any move he makes will call attention to his presence and they'll think he's been spying on them. Still, there's no other reason he's needed at the house. Amy, Wendy, and Tim have all left. And he's assuming that Michael has taken Holly home by now. So, he can sit here as long as Max and Annie remain on the deck. And, if they're anywhere near as cold as he is, they won't make it much longer.
Still, with them on the deck, and with him not wanting to call any attention to himself, he's reluctant to make even the slightest movement. It's ridiculous, really. He's absolutely shivering, and he's on the dark side of the yard. He could probably get up and—if he were careful—chances are they'd never even notice him. But it's a night full of the kind of quiet you only get out in the country. Most nights you can hear the traffic from the state route behind the house, but tonight the bad weather seems to have kept the cars away, and the only sound is the hyper-silence of the snow. So, any noise might call attention to him.
He impulsively reaches for his phone as a reflex to his boredom. Then he thinks that the light from the phone might give his existence away.
He's getting frustrated. Why should he wait? Why should he be made uncomfortable so that they can wax nostalgic? Besides, would they really care if he were watching them? How would they know what he was doing? He could say he was just taking a walk through the woods. 
But the longer he sits, and the longer they talk, the more important his staying invisible becomes. 
And, after all, he has been anxious for Max and Annie to talk, hoping that it might rid Annie of the longtime illusions that she's been carrying of Max all these years. 
At least, that's what he hopes is happening between them.
Then again, he had hoped it wouldn't get to this point—them standing alone together. He'd hoped that Max would bring his young girlfriend and that Annie could finally see that he hadn't existed in a state of suspended animation these past ten years. 
Eric can accept that everyone dreams about what life could've been, and that sometimes, unfortunately, we tie those dreams to people from our past. But his hope was that they would finally see that the years had unequivocally passed, and that they had both aged and changed—as people tend to do. And, maybe, they'd finally see that a healthy life can't co-exist with a past life. Everyone, eventually, has to move forward.
But then he watched Max squeeze closer to Annie. And he watched Annie stay put, not move away. That's when Eric sat up straighter, almost got up, nearly called out to them. But he stopped himself. 
He trusts Annie.
It doesn't even matter if he trusts Max to do the right thing. He knows that Annie loves him.
At least he hopes she…
And there it was. Doubt.
Nothing like a spouse being visited by an old lover to expose all those dormant insecurities.
He tries to relax, to rid himself of those fearful thoughts. He tries hard not to let random dramatic scenarios play out in his mind. He takes a deep breath, leans against the tree beside him, and watches them as closely as he can through the screen of flickering snow.

"What are you doing for the holidays?" Michael asks. 
"I'm not sure. My mom wants me to visit."
"Where does she live?"
"A couple hours upstate."
"You going to go?"
"Well, I was thinking about it, but this storm…"
"I'll go with you."
"You will not."
"I would, though."
"You would?"
"I'd go anywhere with you."
Holly smiles and turns away from him.
"Why do you always look away from me when I say something nice to you?"
"It embarrasses me."
"Why be embarrassed? It's only you and me?"
"I suppose I've gotten in the habit of not wanting you to see how much I like it when you say nice things to me."
"I hope you won't mind if I don't stop saying nice things."
"I won't mind."
Michael presses a finger into the snow on the rail at the front of the deck, measuring the snow's depth. He traces the line in the snow from himself to Holly and back again.
"And you? What are you doing for Christmas?" she asks.
"I'm Jewish. Christmas isn't exactly—"
"Oh, right. Sorry."
"No need to be sorry. I just don't usually have special plans for Christmas, that's all. Most people's Christmas plans revolve around family, and since my family doesn't celebrate Christmas, I don't have plans."
"Your family doesn't do anything, even for Hanukkah?"
"My parents still celebrate Hanukkah, but they've spent the past several years celebrating it with family in Israel."
"Really? Well, I hope you won't be offended if I don't offer to go to Israel with you for a visit."
"No, not at all."
"So, you don't do anything for Christmas?"
"No, but it's not because I'm against it or anything. Generally, I'm not religious—holiday or otherwise. Though I do have a menorah, a small, fake tree covered with blinking lights, and I've always enjoyed Christmas carols. And, even if I think the little rituals we've created over time are silly, I can't resist the whimsy of it all."
"So, when you say you're not particularly religious, does that mean you're not a practicing Jew?"
"No, I don't practice. But I am a knowledgeable Jew."
"Obviously."
"What about you?"
"Am I religious?"
"Yeah."
"I was brought up casually Catholic."
"And now?"
"Now, I don't really have a religious identity."
"Hmmm."
"Does that bother you?"
"No. On the contrary, it would bother me more if you did."
"Not that I'm not interested in learning about religions or their histories."
"Right. Of course."
"I mean, earlier when you were talking about the Holy of Holies in the temple, I found that very interesting. It's strange to think of anyone believing that God would have some isolated presence in a room, and the idea of a deity needing a blood sacrifice has always been a bizarre concept to me."
"Yeah, well, our advances have led us to look at ancient concepts with a judging eye, but the pre-civilized world was a bizarre, violent place where any God that gave meaning, no matter how hollow, to a person's bleak existence was a welcome God."
"Right, but you don't see a reason for belief today."
"I guess it depends on the situation, but I can definitely see a circumstance where someone would rightfully turn to God for relief."
"And you're not a believer at all?" she asks, looking at him. He can sense a searching in her, possibly even a sadness, and he thinks about her husband, John, and how delicate these questions must be for her.
"I'm not anti-belief. I believe that if there is some higher form of consciousness, a collective consciousness, if you will, then it's probably deeper than human understanding, and all we can hope for is to catch faint glimpses of it from time to time."
"How do we do that?"
"By reaching for the truth, I think," he says, and holds an open hand out to her. 
She places her hand in his, and he turns his body to face her.
"Is this how we reach for the truth?" she asks.
"I've always thought that if it feels true, then it is. And this feels true to me."
"Do you think this feeling, this urge I have for you to kiss me, is what you meant when you said we might catch a glimpse—?"
She doesn't finish her question before his lips are pressed onto her lips, softly at first. Then his hands find her face and her hair, and things become more passionate until the only sound they hear is their breathing.
Eric watches the silhouettes on the deck succumb to one shape, and a panic rises up in him. He stands, squints his eyes, tries to see through the stubborn screen of snow in front of him. But nothing is clear. For a second, time stops, and his heart freezes. It can't be true. He slowly moves forward. One step at first. Then another. After a few more cautious steps, he's nearly certain that they're kissing. He starts to trot slowly through the snow. Then as the flicker of the snow exposes them, erases any doubt, he runs.
"Annie!" he yells. "Annie!"
He gets halfway to the deck and falls face first into the snow. His feet and legs are so cold that getting up from the log and running was an impulse his head followed without fully considering how his numb limbs might react.
Michael and Holly stop kissing and look out into the yard.
"What the hell?" Michael says. "Eric?"
Eric gets up from the snow and keeps moving toward the deck. The front of his body is covered with snow, and the snow on his face and hands would be bitterly cold if he weren't so preoccupied with his fear, his rage.
"What do you guys think you're doing?" he yells as he approaches the deck.
"What are you talking about?" Michael asks, staring at him.
"Michael?" Eric asks, finally getting enough light to make out Michael and Holly's faces.
"Yeah?"
"Oh, thank God." Eric says.
"What's wrong? Why were you yelling?" Michael asks.
"It's... I'm sorry. It was nothing," Michael says. He's somewhat out of breath, but climbs the steps of the deck, tries to brush the snow off his coat and pants with his hands, but they're so swollen and numb from the cold that he's just clumsily shoving them up and down his clothes.
Michael and Holly, still in a half-embrace, are still staring at him.
"I didn't mean to interrupt. I guess I thought you guys had probably left already."
"In this?" Michael says.
"No, sure. You're staying the night."
"You're sure that's alright?"
"No, certainly. You have to stay," Eric says as he moves to the back door. He walks inside the house and yells for Annie.
She moves into the light of the hallway from the dining room. "What happened to you?" she asks, moving toward him.
"Oh, Annie," he says, and moves to embrace her.
"My God, Eric, you're freezing. And wet," she says, backing away from him a bit. "What happened?"
"I thought I'd lost you."
"What do you mean? Why would you…?"
"I saw Holly and Michael kissing on the deck, and it was dark and the snow was—"
"Holly and Michael were kissing?"
"Yes, but that's not the point. I saw them kissing, and I thought it was you and—" He stops himself. He can't even say it.
"Eric. I would never…"
"I know, but when I saw them, my mind just flipped a switch, and all I felt was… I don't know. Regret. Utter emptiness," he says, and looks at her. "It was terrifying."
"Sounds like it," Max says from the other end of the hall.
"Max, I'm glad you're still here," Eric says, trying to compose himself. He takes his coat off, drapes it over his arm, and moves toward Max.
"I was just getting ready to leave, actually," Max says.
"Really?" Annie says, and perhaps she's surrendered a little too much panic in her voice. She certainly feels panicked, wants him to stay. Eric and Max are looking at her. "But it is looking pretty bad out there."
"You could stay. We could listen to some music and catch up," Eric says. "I don't feel like I got to spend hardly any time with you tonight."
"I'd love to stay, but Annie's right. It's not getting any better out there. Plus, I have an early flight tomorrow."
"You think you'll even be able to get to the airport in this?"
"I'm going to try."
"What about Tim?" Annie asks Eric. "What was wrong?"
"Oh, nothing really. He was able to get back on the road."
"And Holly and Michael, they're…"
"On the deck. I think they're staying the night."
"Good. They should," Annie says. 
The back door opens and Holly enters, followed by Michael. Annie immediately notices that Michael appears to have his hand on Holly's lower back.
"We were just talking about you," Eric says.
"Oh?" Holly asks, trying as best she can to stifle a laugh. She doesn't know why she wants to laugh. Nothing particularly funny is happening.
"You guys look cold. Do you want me to make some coffee?" Annie asks, moving toward the dining room.
"No, I don't think so," Holly says.
"I can't drink coffee at this time of night," Michael says. "It'll keep me up too late."
Holly laughs, and everyone looks at her. "Sorry," she says. "You're just so…," she starts to say to Michael, but stops herself. "Maybe I will have some coffee."
"Eric, you want some?" Annie asks, moving by him.
"Yeah, I could use a cup."
Before Annie moves into the dining room she has to pass Max. She lingers a little too long on his eyes as she passes and bumps her shoulder into the door jamb. 
"Ouch."
"You alright?" Eric and Max ask simultaneously.
"Yeah, I'm fine," she says, visibly embarrassed. 
Max follows her into the dining room, stops at the chair near the piano and grabs his coat. 
Annie stops. "You sure I can't convince you to stay for one cup of coffee."
"No. Not that I don't want to. I do. But I really should get back and pack. Besides, you know how Mom worries. I'm surprised she hasn't called already."
"Right, well…" Annie starts, and then tries to think of something more to say, but her words only drift away.
Holly comes into the dining room and starts clearing away the dessert dishes.
"Holly, don't worry about that. Eric and I will clean up in a bit."
"I don't mind."
"Holly, can I talk to you for a second?" Michael asks, poking his head around the entrance of the dining room.
"Yes, you can," Holly says, looking over at Annie, who is giving her a knowing smile.
Holly leaves the dining room and follows Michael down the hall to Eric and Annie's bedroom.
"What are you doing?" Holly asks.
"Dropping off my coat."
"And you needed me for that?" she says, leaning against the doorframe, crossing her arms.
"No, I needed you for this," he says, and wraps his arms around her waist, pulls her close and kisses her.
"I suppose you did," she whispers.
"Eric says that there are some blankets in the closet of the guest room. Maybe you could help me grab them."
"Why? You're sleeping on the couch?"
"Well, I just thought…," he says, moving by her toward the guest room. "Unless…"
"No, it's… I don't know. I'm not sure I'm—"
"I understand. I assumed I'd be sleeping on the couch," he says, stopping and facing her at the doorway of the guest room. 
He leans in and kisses her again.
"Then again," she says, and they fade into the guest room.

Max is standing at the door as he puts his coat on.
"It was good seeing you," Annie says.
"Yeah, I hope we can do it again," Eric says.
"I'll be back."
"Soon?" Eric asks.
"Yeah, I was thinking maybe in the Spring, if I can."
"Great. It's been a such a long time since you've been here in the spring. It's as beautiful as ever."
"I don't doubt it," he says, looking at Annie.
And, now, Annie's not hiding from his eyes. She knows that as much love still exists between them, there is at least as much fear present. They both know that they've cleared a path again, a path that time had naturally started to cover over with forgetfulness. And, suddenly, she's beginning to wish he hadn't come back at all. Now, she'll spend the winter on edge, anticipating his possible return in the spring. How will she get back to her life when she knows he might be coming back to her so soon?
"Could you drop Dad's car off for me some time tomorrow?" Max asks Eric. "I don't think I'm going to want to drive it down the hill in this. I think I'll just walk back."
"Sure, no problem," Eric says, and opens the door for him.
"Well, thanks for dinner."
"Take care, Max," Annie says.
"We'll see you soon," Eric says, and shuts the door.
Eric and Annie move to the living room, to the bay window. Standing side-by-side, they stare out into the night. They watch Max move across their yard into a fog of snow.
"Do you still love him?"
"I love you."
"That's not what I asked."
"I'm with you, Eric. I married you," she says, and leans into him, places her hand on his chest, feels his rhythm, a rhythm that fits her own rhythms.
Eric moves away from her, leans down by the Christmas tree and unplugs the lights. He walks by Annie, and heads toward the dining room. She can hear from the clattering of silver on plates that he's clearing the table. She should join him, but, for the moment, she's stuck on Max.
The absence of the Christmas lights actually makes it slightly easier to see out the window. But, as he moves further down the road, his silhouette grows more obscured by the flickering snow. And, as he slowly fades into the snowy night, she finds herself composing another letter to him—another letter she's sure she'll never send.
But before he disappears completely, she waits for him to turn back and look for her. She places a hand on the cold bay window, leans as far into the bay as she can, rests her head on the glass and holds her breath.
He doesn't look back.

