Trying to Care
A Story Collection 

By David Biddle

Published by Flat Branch Press
Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 David Biddle


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 



Table of Contents

I Could Pity You
Millie Floating
Jenna’s Mother
House Sitting
Guda and His Son
Trying to Care
About the Author



I Could Pity You


It started one spring night when Michael Traxton was reading the papers with his wife Dianne after putting their daughters to bed. He felt the evening breeze stream into the screened-in porch where they sat trading sections of the paper, nibbling on Orange Milanos and drinking iced decaffeinated espressos. From the stereo in their adjoining bedroom they could hear Bach’s Concerto for Keyboard and Strings in F minor.
Traxton was working hard. He had developed the habit of forcing himself to read every article that seemed mundane, searching for just one little tidbit of intrigue. It was a focus game for him and one that he believed made him a better lawyer. His notebook sat next to him. If he found a sentence that interested him, he copied it down, along with reference information such as the headline, date, and section of the paper.
On this particular evening, Traxton had ferreted out three engaging passages from articles that he knew would otherwise be profoundly uninteresting. One was a story on the world coffee shortage. The second was an interview with Meg Ryan about her love life after Dennis Quaid. And the last was a health piece quoting numerous doctors and Swedish researchers indicating that adequate sleep can prolong life. In each of these, Traxton found a tiny morsel of writing that excited him. The coffee piece yielded a quote by a U.S. trade representative that said: America is founded on morning decision-making after two cups of coffee. In the Meg Ryan piece, the writer confided that: Ryan’s tendency to be seen with different men is perhaps a suggestion to moms all over the country that it’s not so bad to leave their husbands and chase after younger mates.
But it was the sleep article that spurred the beginning of Traxton’s near undoing. He wrote in his notebook: Researchers feel that poor sleep habits are what lead to the tendency for some people to be incapable of overcoming addictions such as smoking, drinking and overeating. 
As he finished copying that sentence, he felt his wife watching him. Traxton quickly explained the intent of the article and why it had not been interesting (everyone knows that a good night of sleep is important). Then he read her the quote. She listened, looking through the screen at the shadowy hulk of their propane GrillMaster® and the stick figures of young trees in their dark backyard.
When he completed the sentence, Traxton absent-mindedly reached for his pack of Marlboro Lights on the table between them. He shook it twice to elevate one of its contents, then held the box to his mouth extracting the raised cigarette with his lips. He was beginning to think a lot about his lips these days. Someone had recently said that he and Dianne had the exact same mouth. Traxton wondered whether it was possible for the tiny muscles and fatty deposits around the lips to evolve and metamorphose over time. It was indeed likely that after nine years of marriage, and three years of a somewhat tumultuous courtship before that, with literally thousands of kisses – kisses that were quick pecks or full-lipped smooches; kisses that were the prelude to love as they shed their clothes and caressed one another’s bodies; kisses before going to sleep; kisses in the kitchen and at parties in front of their friends; kisses in the shower on the few vacations they’d taken without the girls; kisses during the essential contact of his exterior with her interior – that their mouths could have duplicated one another. In marriages it is not as if only one person morphs towards the other. Both partners adjust and accommodate in tandem. It’s why they call it the dance of marriage.
Traxton estimated they had to average over five hundred minutes of lip contact annually, and that in the years before the kids were born, it was probably more like one thousand minutes since they had been on a daily schedule and they had the time and privacy to prolong their efforts. It would be no wonder, then, that their lips might have sculpted themselves over time into clones. 
These were the thoughts and images that went through Michael Traxton’s mind as he put the pack down on the table and lit the cigarette in his mouth. He knew at that moment how much he loved his wife and felt that he knew as well how much she loved him. 


They’d fallen in love in a large, gourmet kitchen full of shiny pots and bright, expensive utensils. They were taking a French cooking class offered by a professor of philosophy during springbreak. There were six students. Traxton was the only male besides the professor. He had a legitimate need to learn how to handle cream sauces and understand the cooking chemistry of mushrooms, but he had also hoped to meet a few attractive girls who could cook. He was drawn to Dianne from the first day as the group worked with the professor to prepare a rabbit stew. The kitchen was large, but with six students and their instructor, Traxton and Dianne worked in close proximity, close enough to inhale each others breath and to touch arms as they chopped parsnips and washed baby potatoes. He fell in love with her because of the sure, quick way she used a knife, and because she wasn’t squeamish when it was time to skin the rabbit. She was part East Indian and part Irish. Back then she wore her hair in a boy’s cut, trimmed around the ears with bangs falling to her dark, heavy eyebrows. Her eyes were an olive green, flecked with tan-and-chocolate specks. 
These many years later, with the evening chanting softly outside their porch and Bach’s stately concerto coming to an end, he looked up from his notebook, the cigarette in his mouth, and found her watching him with a tiny tear trailing from her left eye. 
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
She shook her head, watching him smoke. He looked at her lips, which might be his, and saw them quiver. She turned her face toward the night in their yard. 
“What?” he coaxed.
“Nothing.”
“Nothing?”
She wiped the tear away and took several long, deep breaths. Looking down at the cement floor, she told him that he had to quit, that she couldn’t take it anymore.
It was his turn to look outside.
“Quit what?”
“You know exactly what,” she said firmly. “I want you to quit smoking. It’s ridiculous. It’s embarrassing. If I let myself think the wrong way about it, I’m…”
 He waited until it was clear she wouldn’t continue. “You’re what?”
He knew this was one of those moments where what was said between them would count. He knew he would need to be careful. Even more importantly, he knew she would need to be careful. If the wrong thing were said, they would be moved into different territories.
“What are you, Dianne?” he asked gingerly, sensing what her answer might be.
“It … it’s possible to pity you,” she finally replied.
He continued to smoke his cigarette. He was trying to capture all of his memories of her from when he knew she adored him. But he was also hearing the word pity come out of her lips over and over in the background. He searched her face and saw in it a great sadness that he realized had been there now for some time. 
“You pity me?”
“I didn’t say that. I said I could. It’s possible. That’s all.”
Traxton understood that to her there was a difference because she had been careful to state things uncertainly. He knew what she was saying, and the look was still on her face. It wasn’t a sadness about his smoking; it was a sadness about the feeling. She pitied him and she was being careful not to admit it. He killed the coal in the ashtray, listening to the sound of ceramic tapping against the glass side table. 
Was it true, he thought, that love was doomed once pity entered? It had happened to him with someone else. Before Dianne, he once took a cross-country trip with his sophomore year lover. They were driving from Los Angeles to visit friends in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. It started out innocuously enough. They sang along to songs on the radio, stopped at the Grand Canyon, stayed in cheap motor lodges, swam in over-chlorinated pools, made love at night by the glow of the TV in carpeted little rooms, ate lunches of peanut butter, Triscuits, tuna fish, bananas, cheese and carrots while they drove. They stopped whenever they felt like it and slowly made their way across the southwest. They spent nights in Tonopah, Gage, Pecos, Del Rio, Flatonia, Beaumont, Biloxi, Opelika, Boiling Springs and, finally, Chapel Hill. It was a ten-day drive. 
During the first few days she read the newspaper to him while they cruised down the highway and told him long stories about her childhood. After the third day, though, she began to sleep in the afternoon and would sit silently watching farms and towns roll by when she woke up.
They’d chosen the southern-most route because they wanted to see the Gulf of Mexico. When they hit Biloxi he woke her to look at a bright sea under a smoke-white sky. She sat up, looked out the front window, said, “Jesus Traxton, don’t wake me up for scenery. I just want to get there. I’m so sick of driving.” Then she went back to sleep. 
It unraveled after that. He drove. She slept. They still made love, but he found himself glancing over at her in the long silences of the highway, wondering, to his surprise, if she ever really cared about anything other than herself. He felt betrayed. She had no appreciation of the fact that they were together and on the road, alone, cruising through a world neither had ever seen before. 
By the time they arrived in Chapel Hill he’d found a dozen reasons to pity her. By the time they headed back to LA, they were finished. And the worst of it was that he couldn’t tell her what had happened. How do you tell someone you feel sorry for them, that you find it hard to see them as your equal?
So, what did he do now? His wife pitied him. He knew how she felt.
“I’ll quit,” he told her.
“It’s not that easy.”
“Yes it is. It has to be. Otherwise it won’t work. Either I try the patch or that gum. I don’t like seeing you cry.”
Dianne suggested he try the gum. She liked the idea of transposing the signals and cues of nicotine addiction from smoking to chewing. 
She told him she loved him. He thought he saw something else in her face – a distancing, a lack of conviction in her words. “I love you” sounded more like “Let’s see if you can do this.”  Traxton began to wonder if the connection between them was something he had made up.   


He found the gum disgusting, but went nearly a week before giving in. He was leaving his office building one evening and as he passed through its revolving doors, looked down to find the large ashtray used by the building’s nicotine addicts full of partially smoked butts. They stuck obscenely out of the silver bowl filled with powdery white sand. He chose a Kent that seemed fairly long and didn’t have lipstick on it. It was rare when he couldn’t find a good one whenever he needed a quick fix.
This habit lasted until Saturday morning when he was stuck at home. Facing the demon of his desire, he chewed up the last of his gum by noon. He figured the problem wasn’t so much that he couldn’t quit smoking but that the gum wasn’t effective enough. So he went to the CVS and bought a three-step patch kit. 
Everything went fine until Traxton walked by the ashtray on his way in to work on Monday morning. He picked a half-length Marlboro Menthol out of the sand and kept walking to the back of the building. He smoked the cigarette in four deep, gluttonous drags, feeling the giddiness of the Marlboro’s fermented tobacco mixing with the chemistry of the synthetic nicotine his skin was absorbing from the patch. He tried the same thing several other times during the morning but was feeling nauseous by lunchtime and took the patch off his left shoulder. 
By Thursday, Traxton decided the best plan was to just smoke at work or when he was out of the house. It was embarrassing to have to snatch partially consumed cigarettes out of the communal disposal pile. He was also worried that he could pick up a virus or a mouth infection if he continued with his scavenging. He went to the drugstore in the basement of the building and bought a pack of Marlboro Lights, a 12-pack of Wintergreen BreathSavers, and a bottle of Listerine. As long as Dianne didn’t know he was smoking everything would be fine. Not smoking at home was certainly half the battle and at least somewhat good for him. 
So Traxton maintained a fairly strict ritual, where he smoked at work and went cold turkey at home. It was a compromise, but he was sure it could work. And the beauty of “quitting” was that Dianne never asked him how he was doing with their deal because the cigarettes weren’t there for her to think about. She never asked him a thing. So he never had to lie to her. 


All of this would have worked out fine if Traxton had a fairly routine job. But he was an attorney and often had to put in 12-hour shifts in order to meet his monthly billables requirement. So he smoked a lot on long days and nights near the end of each month. 
By September he found that nicotine cravings were beginning to creep back into his life at home. The solution was simple enough. He came up with reasons to go shopping or took walks around the neighborhood at night after the girls were in bed. He was careful to chew mints, drink Listerine, wash his hands when he came home, and began brushing his teeth five or six times a day.
Weekends were the hardest. Sometimes he had to spend a big part of Saturday taking care of his daughters. He would gradually fill up with a combined self-loathing and an uncomfortable sense of nicotine withdrawal that inevitably led to odd fits of anger. 
But he managed through it all. Slowly, over a number of months, he developed numerous excuses to be out of the house as much as possible on the weekends and put together a list of competent babysitters so that he could sometimes escape when his wife wasn’t in charge of the girls. 
He knew he was obsessed. He understood it was a trap. But he was also beginning to enjoy his time alone. He’d found a Starbucks at a mall in the northern suburbs with a smoking porch around back. He would often read his paper there looking for strange quotes, drinking decaffeinated espressos, and smoking to his heart’s content. He found tremendous pleasure in this whole situation. He was anonymous, disconnected, and separated from his family by virtue of his secret.
It wasn’t until the spring that he realized something was up with Dianne. He caught her watching him coldly several times when he had an extra glass of wine after dinner. And she seemed oddly dismissive of their friends after going to parties. He’d also seen her pick up books he was reading to check their covers and spines.
One Sunday in April, she was out with the girls on an afternoon mall expedition. He’d already been out to the Starbucks earlier and was feeling satiated enough to be at home. Traxton was looking for a book of Raymond Carver stories that had once infatuated him. He wanted to read these stories again because in each one there were people smoking and it had occurred to him that Carver was doing something with smoking and with the signal of a cigarette, but he didn’t know what. He hoped that a second read, intensive this time, would lead to some understanding of the significance of tobacco. Carver was a brilliant writer and gargantuan in his knowledge of how vicious cigarettes were, but happy to continue his addiction right up to the end there when he spent the last two years of his life fighting lung cancer, brain tumors and, of course, the inevitability of death. 
Traxton knew the book was somewhere in the house. He remembered last reading it to the girls when Dianne had been out of town at a conference in Omaha. He felt that reading serious adult fiction to young children was a sure way to get them to fall asleep. Dianne disapproved, pointing out that even though they were three and four years old and couldn’t possibly understand what was being read to them, something odd had to be entering their psyches nonetheless. Besides, she had said more than once that the object of reading to children was to enrich their lives and to empower their imaginations with images and stories they could understand. As far as Traxton could tell, his daughters were just happy to have him read to them. And it was his opinion that if he was going to read to them, it should be something he liked reading out loud, and he didn’t really feel many children’s books were fun after the second page. 
He had read them the one about a guy who has all his possessions out in his yard, and some teenagers – a boy and a girl – stop by because they think it’s a yard sale. They all get drunk and dance around the things in the yard. The man drops his cigarette and it falls behind the sofa cushions. The man is low-key, and although Traxton thought the guy might be partially deranged, he had no edge, no desire, he was more like a void there with his stuff all publicly displayed in his yard under the blue sky and the electric sun. It seemed like the guy had been waiting all morning for the kids and that he was trying to absorb their eagerness and confuse them about life all at the same time. It was a good story. Only mildly disturbing. His daughters had fallen asleep well before Carver’s deadpan oddities had piled up into signposts of suburban confusion.
Traxton went into his daughters’ room and looked on the bookshelf, under the bed, behind the dresser, and in the toy box, but he couldn’t find the book. He looked in his and Dianne’s bedroom, and finally the living room. He found two other books he’d lost, but the Carver was nowhere to be found. He needed a cigarette, but he popped some bubble gum in his mouth instead and sat down on the back porch to think.
He remembered that Dianne had been more than surprised when she found out he’d been reading Carver to the girls. There was a look in her eyes when she asked him to explain himself. It was the same one she’d had in response to him promising to quit smoking. Her response to his explanation was, he understood now, preachy, a lecture on the abstract value of reading to children. What was going on? Where was the book? Did she really pity him for reading Raymond Carver out loud to their daughters? 
When Dianne got home with the girls, she found him in the den yanking handfuls of books away from the shelf then quickly slamming them back into place with little regard for how their spines were aligned. His actions were somewhat frantic. He turned to face her. He really needed a cigarette.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Where are the girls?”
“Watching TV.”
Traxton turned back to the bookshelf considering the lost book. 
“What are you doing?” Dianne asked again.
“I’m looking for a book.”
“A book?”
“Thought it might have fallen behind these others.”
“What book?” He noted consternation and worry in her voice.
He told her that he was looking for the Raymond Carver he had read to the girls. He had sense enough not to explain his interest in the enigma of smoking in Carver’s stories.
She leaned against the door and said: “I’ve never told you this before, but I really don’t like Carver’s stories. They make people seem like two-fisted animals. There’s so much drinking and smoking. Everyone carries on in their altered states with such blunt hostility. He’s the Charles Bukowski of short stories. Makes me hate everything around me.”
This opinion of Carver and Bukowski was something Traxton hadn’t been aware of. He saw both writers as messengers for the beauty of the raw. How far was she from him? 
“I’m sorry,” she said after a few moments, “I know how you like him.”
“I like Bukowski too,” he told her.
“I didn’t know that.”
“Love is a dog from hell. I read him in college before I met you.”
 “The night I fucked my alarm clock?” she retorted.
 “The guy was funny. Who writes poems with titles like that?”
 “He was a dirty old man.”
 “Yes, but funny.”
 “I didn’t find him funny at all. He sent up booze and smoking and vicious sex and emotional abuse like they were all the framework of modern civilization. I hate him.”
She hated him? What was that? Hate? He’d never heard her hate a thing.
Turning from the books, he said to her: “If you must know, I’m looking for the Carver because he does something with smoking and I need to know what he’s saying.”
They looked across the room at each other. Traxton was feeling something that he didn’t like at all.
 “I threw it out,” she told him.
 “You threw it out?”
 “Yes. I was angry that you were reading it to the girls so I threw it out. No one should read that shit.”
 “Dianne, you don’t throw away books,” he said, trying to control his anger. “What were you thinking?”
 “I wasn’t thinking,” she said. “I was angry.”
 “Why didn’t you tell me?”
 “It wasn’t something to tell. I didn’t want a debate, I just wanted it out. So I came home for lunch one day and put it in the garbage.”
“The garbage? Couldn’t you at least have given it to the library or something?”
 “I didn’t like that book, Traxton. No way was I going to give it to the library. No one should read that stuff.”
Traxton looked at her a long time. The distance between them seemed immense. What was going on? He couldn’t hear a shred of love in her voice and her eyes were like broken pieces of glass. He was afraid to speak. 
“You wanted to read it for your smoking?” she asked quietly. He could tell she wanted to make amends. But amends for what? Disposing of his book? Or for the way she was speaking to him, the wall she was putting up out of nowhere, making him feel so lonely. Did she feel the loneliness too? Had she ever needed him? 
 “Yes, for the smoking,” he replied.
 “I don’t see why people do any of that shit,” she said. “Drinking, smoking, sleeping around, all of that stuff is just sick. Horrible.” She looked at him and he could tell she knew the ambiguity of the statement would hurt.
Traxton reminded her that she drank some and that he did too, that many of their friends drank and smoked. He thought about going into the issue of adultery but stopped. He had no idea what made people do that or whether anyone they knew had cheated on a spouse, although he had suspicions about several of their friends. 
 “I just mean the excess,” she went on. “The self-destruction. It’s so irrational and pointless. All to just satisfy some amorphous urge for the moment. No thought for the future or the implications. What about your daughters? What about your wife? What do we do when you die?” 
The vehemence was back in her voice, leaving him somewhat breathless. Why was she so mad at him?
“Dianne, I’m not going to die.”
“You will if you don’t quit.” 
And there it was. She knew. He was caught. Found out. Trapped. If he told her that she was wrong, he was lying. If he admitted it, he would have to look her in those broken green eyes and acknowledge he had been deceiving her. And if he got mad on either account, he would sound like an idiot. I could pity you. 
He thought of how much he loved her and the pleasure he found in making her happy, watching her beautiful, familiar face in ecstasy. He knew he was clumsy and at times almost uncouth in his desire for her, but the mirth, the god damned mirth he felt watching her, rubbing in that rhythmic way he had learned over so many years, the way to build it, to touch at times here and at others there, to tease, pinch lightly, her chuckle, his hand resting upon hers, this woman, so trusting, golden pleasure, her eyes sparkling in semi-darkness, her face sweating slightly, so loving, the look of wonder, that someone should have been so close for so many years, her husband, still sensual and provocative, good to her, needing her and only her, her happiness. 
These images flickered through Traxton’s mind as he stood in the den with his wife, so much distance now between them. He understood that she didn’t know her stare was shredding his love. He felt her heart had hardened to him. 
She looked at him, waiting.
Finally, he asked: “What do you think of my mouth?” 
For a moment something new came into her eyes. “Your mouth?”
“Well, my lips, really. Do you think they look like yours?”
She pondered him carefully, squinting and cocking her head. 
“What are you talking about?” she asked with a chuckle. He wasn’t sure she was simply amused or just laughing at him.
I could pity you.
 “Just humor me,” he replied. “Aren’t our mouths alike? Our lips?”
 “Traxton…”
He looked at her pleadingly. Just answer me.
 “Do my lips look like yours?” he demanded.
Dianne stared at him and he felt her receding. She wasn’t looking at his mouth. She was searching his eyes, but when he held her gaze, she looked away.
“No,” she finally said. “No, I don’t think they look like mine.” She said this with mild humor. “Your mouth is so much bigger than mine and your upper lip is thinner than your lower lip. My lips are more symmetrical and a little bit fuller. Our lips don’t look anything alike.”
Traxton felt himself swaying. It was gone. It might never have been there. If she had loved him the way he loved her, she wouldn’t have said any of this. She would never have asked him to quit. He loved her because she was Dianne. The whole thing had been made up in his head – the purity of their love, her adoration for him, all those joyous moments he thought he was experiencing. She had never loved him. Or if she had, it had long since passed. He had been obsessed with something she had possibly never felt. She’d gone on faith – faith that what she said they had was real enough. But he saw now she didn’t understand that what is real in life must be felt – shared and felt. He wondered if things would have been different had he quit smoking when they were first married. 
“What is going on with you?” she asked him across the room. Her voice had an echo to it. 
How could he tell her that she didn’t love him? How could he say he had thought they were different from other people – that it was love because they made it together, because they felt the same thing? 
“I’ve let you down,” he finally told her. “It’s harder to quit than it should be.”
“Traxton, everyone knows that.”
“It shouldn’t be that way.”
She squinted across the room. He could tell she was trying to figure out what was happening between them. He also felt it in the center of his bones. It was easy. They were in different territories and she was calling across to him, I could pity you.
He didn’t want a cigarette anymore. He was done with nicotine. No more cigarettes. He didn’t want anything except to go back a year and feel that love again from her, that love he knew would never be the same again. 
“I’m sorry,” he said to her silence. “I’m sorry I couldn’t do it, but I’m going to try again.”


Several months later they sat reading the paper again on the porch, listening to Pat Metheny’s Secret Story, an album Traxton had decided was a good soundtrack for the life they were leading. He’d given up writing down his quotes. He also couldn’t remember the last time they had made love. The way Dianne rustled the paper when she read annoyed him, but he was willing to live with it. She’d tried to interest him. She’d sent him provocative e-mails; she’d traipsed around their bedroom naked; she’d offered to give him massages. But he hadn’t had a cigarette since the morning of their confrontation in the den. 
“I think I know what Carver is doing with cigarettes,” she said. He looked up from the paper.
“They’re a touchstone,” she continued.
He raised an eyebrow.
“I’m not doing it anymore,” he told her stiffly.
“I know.”
Metheny’s lonely guitar blended with the night sounds. 
“Do you want to know what he’s doing?” she asked finally.
“I know what a touchstone is, Dianne.”
“No. I don’t think you do. Not the way I think of one anyway.”
“Okay. What’s he doing?”
“They’re his way of holding onto the normal.”
“The normal?”
“The mundane. The plain. The common?”
“The common.”
“The stuff you can’t fight. What you can count on.”
“I thought you hated Carver.”
“He thought in little brutalities. That’s not the way I see the world. He hurt. Maybe that’s a difference between men and women. I don’t know, but I think that’s what the cigarettes are to him. They’re a touchstone against the hurt. Without cigarettes in those stories, the characters would be in a state of perpetual uncertainty. I mean, what are you really doing when you smoke? It’s because you don’t know what else to do. Am I right?”
Traxton looked at the floor, listening to the music.
“What made you think of him then?” he asked. “I mean, just now.” 
“I was thinking about what you asked about our lips,” she said. “Remember? But it’s not our lips. It’s the way we smile. We smile the exact same way. I was thinking about when you smile. That’s a touchstone too. I can count on your smiles. I know just how you’re going to smile before you do. And you know how I’m going to smile too. It’s funny it took so long for me to figure that out. Better late than never, though, huh?”



Millie Floating


I was convinced by lunchtime on a very snowy November day that my wife, Deena, had murdered our dog, Millie. The dog had been urinating every other night in the same approximate part of the dining room carpet for months. She was getting old. Her bladder muscles may have been weakened by a near-death experience she had about a year earlier rooting through garbage sweetened with propylene glycol. Deena didn’t exactly despise Millie, she had just gotten to the point, I think, where she didn’t see that the benefits Millie brought to us outweighed the costs. Deena is an analyst with Wharton Econometrics.
For my part, I put up with Millie because I loved her desperate stupidity. She was a Weimaraner. The kids had wanted a Weimaraner because of those ridiculous New Yorker photos. Mary in particular, who was eight at the time, wanted a dog she could dress up in a business suit or tennis outfit. Adelaide, just four, went along with her sister, but had, I’m afraid, the idea that the dog would be the size they were in the magazine. Twelve-year-old Mike, on the other hand, was just happy to have unanimous support in his quest (a battle, really, from the age of six) to have a dog. By that time, he probably would have been just as satisfied with a Dachshund or a Chihuahua as a Weimaraner. So Millie came into our lives at those ages: four, eight, and twelve. Those are the right ages for a dog, and my children did a good job of loving her. Millie left thirteen years later when only Addie resided in our nest. 
As luck would have it, though, that snowy Tuesday morning before Thanksgiving, the whole family was together. The room we were going to eat our turkey dinner in was scented with a bitter, rusty urine tang, and the thick ivory carpet was discolored and stained as if a large rodent had once been slaughtered there — a groundhog or raccoon maybe. 
Thirteen is over ninety in dog years. Millie slept long, deep sleeps. I believe Deena just smothered her in her sleep. My wife is strong and athletic. It wouldn’t take much: one of our thick, white bath towels; come up behind, wrap the towel around the sleeping dog’s face; straddle it; grasp the head and neck firmly; hold on for maybe two minutes. The struggle is more a dance with death than a fight to survive. Loyal dogs are like that, I’ve been told. They do their family’s bidding because they can’t exist otherwise. Millie slept during the early portion of the night in the back hall off the kitchen guarding the rear entrance to our house. She died doing Deena’s bidding.
The snow had laid in thick all night long. I woke several times to hear the wind moaning against the northern side of the house. Deena was in bed two of those times. I remember, however, around 4:15, waking up and knowing immediately that her spot was empty. By the early morning hours, Millie would often move into our room, sleeping on the floor under the window near the heating register. But one of her habits of enthusiasm is to follow anyone who is awake around the house. She was gone then, with Deena, wherever Deena was — or so I thought.
From the bedroom window, our backyard was sculpted smooth, glistening with shiny night-lit snow. It had to be close to two feet thick and still falling. 
There is a silent sort of promise that heavy snowfall gives. We wake on another planet, it seems. There is a sense that this other planet is perfect because it is so surreal. It has been rendered by alien artists. We have been on this snowy planet before, of course, on and off all of our lives, and our memories cascade in: the world shut down; sound dampened by the acoustic properties of air trapped inside trillions of snow crystals; boots, slush, clean smells, bundles and layers of cloth; the scrape of a snow shovel hitting asphalt; muffled voices flowing through cold, liquid air; the comfort, after being out and about on this new planet, of warmth near fires, hot chocolate, brandy, and the miracle of centralized household heat. 
All of that flashed through my mind looking out into our backyard. I recalled other winters of the past and the joy of being snowed-in with my family, playing on the streets and hills around our house with all the kids and parents in the neighborhood, the way Millie would gambol around us while we shoveled out our driveway, the enthusiasm with which she ran through deep snow, bounding across it’s surface, her endless, daylong energy, the way she slept from dinner on if she was allowed, exhausted and spent, her legs sometimes churning as she dreamed, I imagine, of still playing in the cold white drifts, floating through the neighborhood, possessed by nothing other than her simple-minded sense of belonging and being what she imagined was the center of attention on this new planet sculpted by strange, intensely single-minded masters from another world. 
I smiled to myself with all of that in my head as a promise for the day to come. The whole family was home and we had another chance to live through a snowday together. 
I put my hand on Deena’s spot. I had no idea if she loved me anymore. No one does after nearly thirty years with the same person. I lay there wondering where she was in the house, wanting to go back to our twenties when we couldn’t keep our hands off of each other and we walked three miles to work every day and three miles home, talking about the life we wanted together, making plans that would come true but forgetting to include what we felt in those days and how to take it with us. 
Millie came along at the beginning of our shift away from love. She was one of those unfortunate dogs with a low IQ and a belief that all of life was her’s. She stole food off kitchen counters, badgered guests to pet her, waited all morning to scare the mailwoman with violent barking, and felt it her right to go on any car ride that was in the offing. But what Millie lacked in intelligence she made up for with enthusiasm. She’d been a strange sort of glue for the family in our last decade or so together.


I was drifting back into sleep when I heard Deena’s body move through the doorway. As she slid into bed, it seemed like she was trying to sneak. I wanted to touch her, to smell her scalp, feel her warmth, but I stayed in my place trying to breathe like I was sleeping. 
Not knowing whether you still love someone after more than twenty years is beyond pain. Wondering if they feel the same about you is the opening up of a chasm of infinite dark. Not knowing. It is one thing to fear driving down an unknown highway on a moonless night, or to walk in a dangerous neighborhood after sunset, it is quite a different thing to look a lover in the eyes and not see what you used to see there – that look, that feeling only for you. How does that leave us?
Deena was beside me, breathing softly. The snow, I thought, made a soft silence for the world. Silence is not the absence of sound, it is a reflection of the ancient emptiness hidden inside us. My wife and the snow were both inside of me. One was this emptiness, the other the promise of a special day in the suburbs, life on a new, white planet. We were all home. It was almost Thanksgiving. 
In order to get myself to fall asleep, I tried to remember the Thanksgivings we’d had over the years. But they all blended together and I fell slowly into the silence of myself.


The smell of coffee, bacon, and frying butter woke me. I heard voices downstairs in the kitchen. I listened for Deena’s but could only hear my children. The peels of laughter and excitement were gone now, as were the boisterous digs and insults. The cadence of voices coming up to me were mature and measured. I couldn’t make out the words being spoken, but I could feel the intent of these three grown siblings. I heard surprise in the air and respect in the way sentences inflected up. They had all three been testing out their new relationship as adults. Gone was the mocking big brother and the competitive one-upping of just a few years earlier. I imagined Deena cooking and moving around the kitchen listening to the three of them and feeling the same sort of pride I was feeling. 
When I got downstairs the scene was more or less as I’d imagined it: the three kids were sitting around the table while their mother cooked. They each had a piece of the newspaper, but moved randomly from what they were reading to cups of coffee and confident conversation of long lost friends. 
“Good morning, Daddy,” said Mary.
“Hey Dad,” Mike chimed, “Addie gets a snowday. We’re going sledding at the golf course just like when we were little. Don’t worry though, first we’ll shovel the drive and walk.”
“You get a snowday too,” Adelaide said. “Your office called. The whole region is shut down.”
I stood at the door, taking this all in. Deena was turning bacon. I waited for her to glance up. Just as I’d given up hope and could feel the contours of my face beginning to sag, her eyes darted up to me. There was the smile of recognition she always had, but then I noticed something just slightly different – a sort of resigned sadness maybe, or some kind of fear. 
“Good morning,” she said. There was a faint catch to her voice.
“I slept in,” I told her. “Is it really almost eleven?”
“You heard Addie, it’s a snowday for you, too. The roads are shut down all over. I thought…”
“No, it feels good to wake up like that. I didn’t sleep that well anyway.”
She stepped across the room to the coffee pot. “There’s one cup left for you.” Something about the way she held her shoulders seemed odd. 
The kids went on talking as I moved across the room to accept the mug. She had her arms spread wide with her back to everything, her hands clutching at the edge of the counter. She was staring down into my coffee. I touched her shoulder.
“Are you okay?” I asked.
“Private,” she said quietly.
“What?”
“Out in the dining room.”
We left our grown children to their conversation and went through the laundry room, around the corner and into the dining room. Deena moved to close the doors on both sides of the room. There was a faint acidic bite of old urine in the air. I glanced over at the stain which I noted was near Deena’s place at the table.
“What’s up?” I asked as carefully as I could. 
We stood at opposite corners of our dining room table. I leaned gently on the edge and took a sip of coffee. Deena crossed her arms and said, “Millie’s dead.”
It took a moment for her words to settle into place. When they did, my first thought was that Deena was telling me she had killed our dog. It was the first thought. We could hear the murmur of our children in the kitchen. I moved to our china cabinet, took out a painted ceramic coaster with a cork bottom that we’d bought at an Amish fair, then went back to the table, put the coaster down and my coffee on top. Her words had been delivered with no emotion. There was a slight challenge to them. I know now that she’d had the whole night to contemplate Millie’s passing, that the death of a family pet, especially a well-meaning goofball dog like our Millie, does not strike the soul in it’s center. It can’t. Dogs die. Counting Millie, I have had four in my life. Deena had had three. And yet, there was still the cold, untwisted truth that came out of Deena’s mouth, and nothing else – no remorse, no regret, no pain, no sorrow, not the slightest semblance of mourning. 
The fact that she waited for me to say something led me further to believe that she had committed the murder. Images of Deena strangling Millie or smothering her with a pillow in the middle of the night came unbidden to me. The look on her face when she would be doing that frightened me. It moved from vicious to calm and back again. I balanced my weight on the table using my fingers.
“What do you mean?” I finally asked. 
“The dog’s dead.”
“You found her?”
“Last night.”
“Where?”
“In the living room. Right where she sleeps. I moved the body into the garage.”
“She sleeps in our room next to the radiator.”
“Not always. Sometimes she wanders into the living room, sometimes the kitchen. It all depends.”
I looked into her eyes. Something had to be there if she’d done what I suspected. But Deena’s a good liar. She plays poker well too. Images of a happy Millie plowing into a thick cake of snow in our backyard came to me, her dusty, shadow-colored body working hard to stay on the surface, her ears flapping with every bounce. 
“Millie,” I said to the room.
My wife stared at me. “I can’t figure out whether a dog has a personality,” she said a bit oddly to me. “Or if they’re just mirrors for our own feelings toward them.”
“What’s that got to do with anything? What are we going to tell the kids?”
“She was old. Dogs die. They know that.”
I looked down at my coffee on the table. The reality of Millie’s death was beginning to pour into me. It didn’t matter whether she’d had a personality or whether I’d just made one up for her. She’d been the dog of our children’s youth. I could still hear them out in the kitchen talking. We would need to go out and tell them that Millie was dead—their sloppy, foolish pet. The one they’d dressed up for dinner when she was a puppy. The one who seemed desperate always for happiness between the three of them and for being brought along in the car shopping, on a walk, out to do yard work, playing in the snow. The end of their childhood. The end of that part of our life. Life together.
Deena was watching me and I realized I was possibly going to cry. 
“I woke up in the middle of the night and you weren’t there,” I finally managed.
“That’s when I found her.”
“You found her at 4:15 in the morning and you didn’t wake me?”
“What point would there be to that? You needed to sleep. You don’t get enough sleep.”
“But the dog was dead, Deena. I could have helped you. I could have done something.”
“There was nothing to do.”
“You dragged her out to the garage?”
“I carried her.”
“My God!” I said.
She stared at me, waiting, it seemed. After a few seconds my eyes moved to the stain on the floor.
“I guess you can replace the carpet in here now,” I finally said. 
“Yes, I thought of that.”
“I bet you did,” I muttered.
“What was that?”
“Nothing.”
“Nothing? Did you say what I think you did?”
“What? I bet you did?”
“You said that? Why would you say that?”
“I don’t know, Deena. You tell me?”
She fixed a hard stare on my face. I couldn’t tell what she was thinking. 
“I’m not happy about it,” she said, “but you’re right, the dog can’t piss on the carpet anymore. I’m glad. I’m glad I don’t have to put up with that anymore. Is that so bad? I don’t need your permission to get on with my life.” 
“You never liked her.”
“No, I guess that’s right.”
“You despised her.”
“I despised what she was doing in here. Yes. We’ve got guests coming tomorrow. We have to eat in here. Thanksgiving dinner. It’s sick what I have to put up with.”
“Had to…”
“Well, yes.”
“Past tense. Millie’s dead.”
“And I need you to deal with it. We’ve got guests coming. I don’t want the children…”
“The children loved Millie.”
“The children love video games, musicians, and movie stars.”
“No, Deena. They loved Millie like a member of the family. They loved playing with her in the yard, taking her for walks. They loved her companionship in the neighborhood on days like this.”
“She was a dog.”
“Yes, she was. A good dog.”
And there we were, talking quietly; admitting so much about our life across a shining dining room table in the late morning of an early winter day. Twenty-six years of marriage and I wanted to accuse her of murdering our dog. Two days before Thanksgiving in a urine scented dining room. 
I looked out the window into the endless white world — our miraculous other world. I was hungry. It was close to lunchtime. The smells of breakfast were still in the air. I could hear my children laughing through the door. I had loved Millie. I loved my children. I loved my wife. Snow brings out the universal mind. We are all in this together, says the mind. Deena’s eyes are my eyes. 
“I’ll tell the kids,” she said. “You call the vet and see about the body.”
“But it’s a snowday. There’s nothing we can do.”
“I know that,” she said, moving towards the dining room door. “I know that. But do the best you can anyway.”
There was something more that I wanted to say, but I hesitated. When I was ready, though, Deena had gone back into the kitchen to tell the kids about their pet.




Jenna’s Mother


Plastic figurines of the Virgin Mary appear every few weeks on window ledges in the lobby of Jenna Tambore’s mother’s apartment building. Sometimes Jenna sees them on top of the newspaper dispenser in the mailroom. Rosary beads will hang from the hinges on doors. Watchtower magazine is often piled near the elevator. A torn poster of Krishna was crudely tacked one Christmas on the wall below the security window. During this last summer, two large, shining aluminum crosses were mounted on the wall just across from the elevator and were only taken down on Labor Day weekend after someone scrawled on one of them in bright red graffiti, “Yankees Suck.” The other one had a Batman action figure glued to the middle of the cross. 
“I hate where she lives,” Jenna told her husband Charles that morning. He was reading a science fiction at the breakfast table.
“All that stuff sitting around there just appears. It’s totally random and ownerless, like it’s just grown there. I’m not against religion. There’s got to be something out there no matter what she says. I don’t know about God, really, but I do know that meaning is more than just a trick of the mind. Are you listening to me, Charles?”
Her husband looked up from his book, blinking. “Um, sort of. You talk about this a lot. You’re confused about religion.”
“My mother’s acting weird again,” she sighed. “But don’t worry. Go back to your book. I’m sorry.”
Charles sat still, waiting.
 “It’s the building, I think,” she said to him. “Lately she’s been making these comments about older men she sees on TV. Last week she said something like: ‘He would have large pores if you could look at his belly with a microscope.’ A few weeks before that it was: ‘There’s a big tongue in his mouth, I just know it.’ What am I supposed to do about that?” 
“Why do you think it has to do with the building?” Charles asked.
“You should have been listening.”
“I was listening. It’s weird there. I just don’t understand why it gets to you.”
Jenna went on to tell Charles that her mother had taken to watching Jerry Springer which was usually at the height of audience participation when she knocked on the door. She entered the studio apartment and found her tiny mother flushed and somewhat breathless in her wheelchair or on the couch, a cigarette burning in the ashtray. 
That morning Jenna straightened up the childrens’ rooms and made the bed in the master bedroom; she instructed the housekeeper to do the usual cleaning and then to focus on washing the third floor windows (and, if there was time, to oil the molding in the kitchen); she planned the family meal, purchased the meat and fresh vegetables and sent the bag boy to her house with the groceries giving him a $5.00 tip. In the afternoon she attended an organizing luncheon for the library fundraising committee and stopped by the King of Prussia Mall searching for an as yet elusive pair of boots she can wear to winter parties. Through all of this she was careful not to let herself talk too much. She knew that at times she could say things without thinking and embarrass herself or offend her listener. Charles had called her a flibbertigibbet more than once in public – not accusingly really, more just to provide the offended party with an explanation for his wife’s faux pas. Of more concern was their daughter, eleven, who had developed the habit of rolling her eyes if Jenna so much as opened her mouth to speak in the car on the way home from school. 
Jenna’s mother was without doubt secretive. She had been frugal all her life and wouldn’t even let her husband buy the family a color TV when Jenna was growing up. But out of the blue one Saturday, she asked Jenna to order her the full new digital cable package, including three premium channels. On top of that, although her mother let Jenna write the checks for her bills, she had demanded that she alone handle the cable bill. Jenna saw the bank statement sometimes and had noted that the check amount to MetroCable varied from month to month. It was never simply the straight subscription rate of $75.99. Usually, it was more than $100.00.


Jenna stops her Volvo in front of the building, closes her eyes and lets herself remember when her mother took her to school every morning, talking about fabrics and how to be polite and not to pay attention to boys if they were crude. She remembers the way peanut butter sandwiches tasted when her mother made them in the afternoon before homework. She remembers helping her mother mix cinnamon and sugar and then sprinkling the sweet spice on sugar cookies they were baking. And she remembers when her mother taught her how to ride a bike. 
It is late autumn and the setting sun shines on the bricks of her mother’s high rise. The building’s name is Declaration Settlement House and the sun makes it glow with ethereal light. The windows reflect the sunlight, becoming electric mirrors with a piercing gold sheen. They provide the apartment building with a facade akin to an electric cubist palace: 320 blazing windows framed by warm rose brick.
Jenna’s mother refuses to accept charity from her daughter. She has a small pension and social security. Her rent is subsidized. Settlement House is part of the country’s Section 8 housing program for seniors. The building is a 16-story residential complex built in the late-1950s. It is home to some 240 low-income, senior citizens fortunate enough to figure out the vagaries of the American welfare system after their children had moved into their own lives. 
It is hard to determine how many people in the building never leave their rooms. After several years of three to four visits a week, Jenna has realized there are only a handful of residents who regularly traipse through the lobby. Many of them use canes, walkers or even wheelchairs. They shuffle or lurch haphazardly as they wait for the postman to arrive with the mail. She figures at least half of them rarely venture out of their apartments.
On several visits over the years Jenna has seen ambulances in the parking lot. Once when she entered the lobby, paramedics exited the elevator wheeling a gurney with a heavy sheet covering a large body. She didn’t need to see the face under the sheet. She knew it was a woman by the features of the cloth – the gentle rise of the chest, the smallish head, the pooling of the sheet between the thick thighs where with a man she knew she would see at least a hint of the reptilian penis. There was a silence in the lobby that day she hoped she would never experience again. It was a pulsing acquiescence, an almost grotesque solemnity, as if the residents witnessing the body passing through the lobby had themselves participated in the death. She never learned the identity of the dead woman and only weeks later recalled that there were more people in the lobby that day than ever before. 
She has gotten to know one man who always seems to be in the lobby when she arrives - Jimmy something. He’s a gnarly fist-faced man with a balding head wisped over by a few strands of greasy, iron-colored hair. His nose looks as if it has been broken several times. It is also mangled and bumpy as if someone lit it on fire. Jimmy claims he’s an ex-boxer. He has full lips and a prominent jaw. He stoops a little and as a result is slightly shorter than Jenna. She has considered that he might be part Italian or even Jewish, but with a name like Jimmy she figures he’s mostly Irish. 
His last name may be something altogether non-ethnic like Masters or Carter. She can’t remember. He is often chatting with the security guard, sitting on the vinyl sofa when she walks into the lobby. 
Sometimes he rides the elevator up with her. On many of these rides Jimmy has spoken to her. He says he lives on the 9th floor. He tells her to watch out for the man in 819 who is a “known criminal.” Each time it seems like he does not remember that he’s already offered this gossip to her before. Jimmy once confided that he thought the guy might be an exhibitionist as well, although he never offered a reason for this opinion. People on the elevator shake their heads and smile at the floor when Jimmy talks about the man in 819. Jenna can’t help feeling a bland affection for him. 
She must pass 819 to get to her mother’s room. She has never seen its occupant but has been wary all the same just in case. Strange sounds do occasionally come out of the door. She’s heard cloth rubbing slowly on the walls several times and once heard a heavy thud when she passed, like a body falling against the door. On the weekends the TV is usually turned up very loud and she’s heard hoarse shouting as the sounds of football games burst into the hall. She occasionally smells cigar smoke, alcohol and hamburger and onions frying in burned butter. 
Jenna usually comes regularly at four in the afternoon on Tuesdays and Thursdays to see her mother, sometimes Wednesdays too. On Saturdays she leaves the kids with her husband and spends extra time cleaning up the tiny apartment and listening to her mother complain. During the week she fits her visits in on the way to pick up her children from Earl Manion Academy. She stays for about half an hour each time and uses the excuse of having to pick the kids up from after-school before she runs out of things to say. After-school lasts until 6:00. 
Jenna is still thin - built light, her husband says – even after three babies and 12 years of marriage. She has thick brunette hair chopped short and only recently began to find strands of silver (which is why she cut her hair). Her skin is naturally cream-white but has the capacity to absorb ambient light in whatever situation she finds herself. As Jenna walks up the sidewalk to Settlement House with the autumn light falling as it does on the building, she looks at her hands and arms, and is momentarily soothed by the honeyed color her exposed flesh radiates. 
She passes through the front entrance and feels the bright heat of sun sparking off the all-glass door. She is on her guard against religious paraphernalia and careful to ignore any sense of anxiety that might crop up as she moves through the lobby. She looks at her hand as she signs in at the guard station and feels a gentle sensual pleasure finding that her skin still radiates the afternoon light she just passed through. Glancing up, she notes Mr. McDaniels, the day guard, watching her carefully. She smiles at him. Over time she has learned that he has been Settlement’s day guard for nearly twenty years. He reminds her of the groundskeeper at her father’s golf club when she was very young. McDaniel’s has the same large, sad eyes, the same handsome, intelligent face, the same powerful build, and he gives her the same feeling of comfort – that he is in touch with everything and everyone around him. She is saddened though at the thought of such a wonderful man remaining a security guard in welfare housing for his entire career. She wonders how old he is - he doesn’t look over 50 – and then notices for the first time that he wears a wedding ring on his right hand. She stops herself from asking if he is a widower. Her daughter would be mortified by such a personal question.
Turning from the guard booth, she sees Jimmy watching her on the couch and surprises herself, and him, by tilting her chin slightly to show the old man her soft neck the way she would her husband while they made love. The old man swallows, stands quickly, and moves to the elevators pushing the UP button in what she imagines is a gallant effort to impress her. 
They ride up alone together. He has pushed 8 for her and 9 for himself. They watch the digital floor indicator as the car rises. He talks to her as if they’ve never met, confiding that 819’s resident is under surveillance. 
 When the elevator chimes for her floor, he says, “You have a good day now.” She sees that his fat thumb is pressing the DOOR OPEN button for her.
“You too,” she says.
“Watch 819 okay?”
“Sure,” she laughs in a conspiratorial whisper. “I’ll be careful.” 
“See you soon I hope,” he says. The doors close. He is gone and Jenna moves down the hall. The murmur of assorted afternoon television blends together in the narrow corridor – separate realities beamed in for the residents. In 801 she hears the waterfall of game show applause. From 806 comes the sound of dramatic string music from a soap. A loud, cadenced delivery of an Oprah commercial issues from 812. 814 lets mocking, canned sit-com laughter into the hall. She also hears the raucous chanting of a studio audience in pseudo-hysteria – “Jerry! Jerry! Jerry!” 
Under the TV sounds she can also make out loud voices from some of the apartments. One of the voices sounds happy, the timbre and spacing of someone talking on the phone. She hears moaning too and wonders if it is the sound of pain or despair, although there is the possibility of pleasure as well. It is hard to know. Another voice is angry; and then another. These voices have no rhythm. She can tell an argument is underway in 815 as she passes. She hears another voice down the hall too, but it is far away and faint, filtered and lost through the pulsing lattice of TV noise. 
Jenna hesitates as she nears 819. The smells in the hall overwhelm her as she tries to escape a whiff of cigarette smoke. There is a peculiar, stuffy humidity as well, the result of a day’s worth of fried and boiled meals pumped out of the apartments by the HVAC into the hallway. 
She passes 819 watching the door, her ears straining to hear anything abnormal. Nothing happens. There is a strong, somewhat rank odor like dried cardboard covered in cat piss and stale beer, but no thuds against the wall, no rubbing, no loud sporting events. Feeling ridiculous, she stops and sighs, inhaling through her teeth then letting the air out of her mouth slowly. 
Down the hall she can make out the cry of one of the residents - mad, frightened, desperate - it is a faint sound really but she feels the anguish of the person and the sense of helplessness. It is a woman’s voice. Jenna listens, trying to determine whether the person is in trouble. There is a strong feeling that someone is standing behind her. She turns. The hallway is empty. As she begins to wonder if she is becoming paranoid, she sees the door to 819 close and hears the click of a latch striking home.
Hurrying now and a bit confused, she heads down the hall to her mother’s door. The anguished voice calls out again, closer, and now she understands what it’s saying.
“Help me!” 
She suddenly understands that the voice could be her mother’s. She imagines her mother has fallen in the bathroom. 
Again, the plaintive cry muffles its way into the hallway. 
“Help me, please. Someone!” 
Jenna’s heart races. It may well be her mother. She trots the remaining 30 feet. As she knocks loudly on 818, the voice cries out again.
“Somebody help me!” 
Simultaneously she hears, distinctly, that voice from her youth, the singing, programmed, almost dumb happiness of her mother’s greeting: “Come in.” 
The cry comes once more, loud now, having heard perhaps Jenna’s mother call out, “Call 9-1-1. Call the fire department. Help! Oh, God, please help.”
Jenna pushes the door open and finds her mother sitting on her couch in front of the TV smoking a cigarette. She hears the voice now through the wall only this time it isn’t quite as loud: “Somebody?”
She asks her mother, “Who is that?”
“Jerry Springer,” says her mother without looking up. She has a large fleece blanket covering her legs and is wearing one of her six dressing gowns.
“I mean calling out,” Jenna says to her mother.
“Oh. I don’t know.”
“Mother, someone is in trouble.”
“Mary Ida I imagine,” says her mother, finally looking away from the TV at her daughter. “She falls about once a month. At least that what she claims.”
“Has she been calling out very long?”
“I don’t know. Maybe since this morning.”
“Mother, she sounds like she may be hurt. Didn’t you call someone?”
“Yes, I called the front desk.”
“And?”
“And it was busy. It’s been busy most of the day. Could you get me my sweater, dear?”
Jenna uses her cell phone to call 9-1-1 while handing her mother a lavender cardigan with mother-of-pearl buttons. Her voice is shaky. She tells the dispatcher to send someone immediately. Then she pushes #-1 on her mother’s phone to get Mr. McDaniels at the desk downstairs. He says he’ll be right up as soon as he can find the key. 
“Now why did you have to do that?” her mother asks. 
“Because someone’s got to help her. She’s fallen maybe and can’t get up.”
“She’s fine. She just wants a little attention. That old woman is full of mischief.”
Jenna puts her phone away. She hears the cry again through the wall. 
“She’s in pain, Mother. She needs help.”
“Well go help her.”
“I’m going to.”
“All right then. Let me watch Springer, okay? He’s almost over.” She turns back to her television set. After a few seconds Jenna’s mother says, “Can you imagine how this guy they’ve got on would smell? He’s been cheating on his wife, having an affair with two sisters, neither of them knows about the other, and one of them has fallen in love with his wife. How would he smell right now?”
Jenna sighs then leaves the room, shuts the door and moves to the end of the hall. She stands in front of the last door listening. All she hears is the murmur of her mother’s TV through the wall and the chanting Springer audience. She waits looking at the dirty maroon carpet. She hears the faint sound of an ambulane siren coming towards the building. 
Finally, she knocks. “Hello? Mary Ida? Are you all right?”
There is no answer. She knocks again. “Mary Ida? Are you okay?”
Someone is moving in the apartment behind the door. A woman’s voice asks crossly, “Who’s there?”
“It’s Jenna Tambore. My mother lives next door. I heard you calling for help.” 
There is silence. 
“Mary Ida?”
“Yes?” 
“Are you all right?”
“I’m fine. Go away.”
Jenna hears the elevator chime at the other end of the hall. Mr. McDaniels followed by two paramedics wheeling a stretcher laden with equipment moves toward her.
“She’s acting like nothing’s wrong, isn’t she?” McDaniels says loudly. Jenna watches the men come down the hall and wonders if she will have to pay a fine for a false alarm 9-1-1 call. She has $80 in her wallet. She will have to make an effort at graciousness, but they will probably take her money and give a fake report.
She moves out of the way. McDaniels pounds on the door. “We need to come in, Mary Ida. Step back.” There is no response from the apartment. McDaniels rolls his eyes at one of the paramedics. 
“Mary Ida, are you back? Away from the door?”
They hear something being dragged.
“She falls,” McDaniels says simply.
“Are you back away from it, Miss Mary Ida?”
After a few seconds of more silence the woman says, “Who is it?” The voice is singsong and casual, but they can tell she has moved. 
“I got a pass key for the knob, but the chain lock’s a problem,” McDaniels tells Jenna. He puts the key in the knob and turns it. The door moves easily then stops as the taut chain appears in the opening.
“Can’t tell you how many times I done this,” says McDaniels. He raises his eyebrows and looks at the EMTs, steps back, hops up on his left foot and quickly rams his shoulder against the door. It is a practiced move that surprises Jenna because there is so much compact force in it. She sees the brass chain swing by the edge. The door opens a few feet. 
The woman is lying on the floor of the living room next to her walker which has also fallen over. She doesn’t say anything. It isn’t even clear if she knows she has company. McDaniels steps back for the paramedics to enter. Jenna starts to follow the men in as well but McDaniels puts a hand against the doorjamb to stop her. 
“You don’t want to go in there, Ms. Tambore.”
“Why not?”
“Lawsuit. You put your foot in that apartment and if she’s hurt at all when they move her, her family can take you for everything you got.”
“That’s…”
“Don’t kid yourself Ma’am, it happens. Trust me. I been here too long. It happens.”
“I just want to make sure she’s okay.”
The paramedics are talking to the old woman in quiet, encouraging tones. They lift her up efficiently and carry her to an easy chair. In a practiced manner they begin to check her blood pressure. They ask if she is hurt. One of them checks her scalp carefully. All the while the old woman stares at the floor.
“She’s okay, isn’t she?” Jenna asks McDaniels.
“She’s fine for an 82-year-old woman who maybe should be in a nursing home,” he says. “Her son comes about once a week and she’s got two daughters who sometimes visit. She’s hard to gauge, screaming and screaming and then acting like nothing happened when people get here. But what do you expect for a woman this old and now all alone? Makes me sad. It always makes me sad. Good thing you called.” 
Jenna begins to wonder if she should go back to her mother.
McDaniels watches the paramedics casually. She can tell he intends to wait until they are done.
“Does this happen often?” she asks. “I mean with others?”
“Hah! This building is full of people who have nothing to do. You don’t know the half of it.” He turns to look at her, shaking his head. 
The paramedics come out in the hall. They are through. They say that Mary Ida has an abrasion on the back of her head. They ask if there is anyone who can be called to look in on her. McDaniels says he will contact the family. They all stand in the hallway for a moment. The silence makes Jenna uncomfortable. Do they want a tip? Are they angry with her for drawing this to their attention? She needs to say something. Finally, she manages, “How do you deal with this all the time?” She meant to say that she admired them – all of them.  
The paramedics both inhale slightly and look at her carefully but don’t seem to know how to answer.
“What?” McDaniels asks finally.
“The helplessness.” 
She wanted to say their smells, the ugliness, that you can feel something lurking in the halls, that the elevator carries corpses out of the building.
McDaniels looks at her thoughtfully. The EMTs are smiling faintly now, looking down the hall. “They’re not helpless, Ma’am,” says McDaniels. “They’re just old.”
“Yes, but how do you manage,” she hurries, “I mean with the daily needs they have?”
“It’s our job,” McDaniels tells her. “It’s about them. Our job’s to help them deal with what they are. So is everyone else’s who works in this building.” 
“They’re just old,” he says again.
The EMTs watch Jenna. Surely they all know what she’s asking. 
McDaniels senses her thoughts. He says, “They’re nearer death maybe than you and me, but they’re still living, they still got their secrets and pleasures. Many of them sneaking around at night. That old man, keeps riding up with you? Jimmy Chatham? He tells you to watch out for number 819, doesn’t he? Well, you know who lives there? He does. I can’t tell if he’s crazy or just having fun with people. He sneaks all over this place on those elevators. Goes up to 9 and then tip-toes his way back down the stairs to his room. I haven’t seen him do it, but I heard stories.” He looks at her mother’s door. 
“He lives in 819 by himself?” she asks. 
“He’s been there five years now. He knows a lot of women…”
Jenna feels herself blushing. A little old man? She feels oddly aroused for a moment, then closes her eyes trying to wil the blood flow to her cheeks away.
“My mother hasn’t got any faith in religion,” she blurts out as her eyes open. “And she’s going to die like that.”
The EMTs look down at the floor after she says this and shift their weight from leg to leg. She worries that she’s making them uncomfortable and realizes they probably want to leave. After a few seconds she sees they’re watching McDaniels, waiting for him to respond to her. 
“Well, that’s not the point now, is it?” McDaniels finally says. “I mean, she’s still got faith in life and things. God doesn’t matter, not now, shouldn’t anyway. Sometimes that’s just a question for the young. Not the old.”
“But she has to face it,” Jenna insists.
“Not if she doesn’t want to. She’s facing life. That’s quite enough for anyone here.”
He understands what he’s offered her isn’t enough. “She won’t accept nothing from you will she?” He eyes her carefully. “I see what you drive, that sleek pretty black Volvo,” he continues, “looks so beautiful in the rain. But she doesn’t want your money. She wants to stand on her own. That counts for a lot. Maybe not to you, but to her it does. She’s living. It really does seem like enough to me.”
The EMTs are looking down the hall again. McDaniels is stares at his feet and then down towards the elevators. All four of them let the silence play through. The conversation has become too important for strangers to share.
“I best be getting back to my post,’ McDaniels  says. “You can probably go in and talk to Mary Ida now, Ms. Tambore. And don’t worry about your mom. She’s okay.”
Jenna watches the three men move slowly down the hall, the gurney trailing behind them. 
“Thank you, dear,” comes a voice through the open door. Mary Ida is sitting in her chair watching television. 
“Are you all right, Mary Ida?” 
“Oh, yes, I’m fine. I just fell is all. How’s your mother?”
“She’s okay, Mary Ida. But, really, how are you?” 
“Come in for a minute, dear,” says Mary Ida. “I want to look at your face in this light. I don’t see very well anymore. I’m in my 80s you know. Isn’t this beautiful sunlight?”
Jenna steps into the room. How’s my mother? I don’t know. I don’t know a thing. 
“Oh, you’re beautiful,” says Mary Ida with a little laugh. “In this light you’re a regular goddess!”
Jenna looks out the window. The sun is just touching down on the treetops in the park across the street and the room is bathed in cherry and amber. She knows her skin is glowing again, glowing this time with the last red light of the day.
“Do you want to watch Montel with me?” asks Mary Ida.
Jenna says no, she has to make sure her mother is all right and then pick up her children.
“Watch a little Montel with your mother, dear. Your kids can wait. I’m sure your mother would like someone to watch TV with. I know I do.”
Jenna smiles at the woman and pats her on the shoulder. “That’s good advice, Mary Ida. Maybe I’ll do that.” She leaves the room and goes down to her mother’s door. Walking in, she is startled to find her mother sitting on the couch under her blanket with Jimmy Chatham. They don’t look up from the TV. She stands in the middle of the room blinking. Her mother calmly reaches for the remote next to her and clicks a button.
“Mother?”
“Yes, dear?” her mother says, still with her eyes focused on the TV. The old man’s eyes slowly move to take in Jenna.
“Mr. Chatham?”
“Please. Call me Jimmy. I don’t like last names.” He smiles, but there’s something self-conscious in his eyes.
“Mom?”
Her mother frowns and glances up at her for a second. It isn’t clear whether she even knows she is sitting next to someone.
“Mom! Look at me!”
Her mother exhales with annoyance, picks up the remote again and clicks another button. She rolls her eyes. “Here we go.” She snuggles down further into the blanket and leans her head on Chatham’s shoulder for a moment. 
“Yes?”
“I… I didn’t know you and Mr. Chatham… Jimmy knew each other…”
Both Chatham and Jenna’s mother give her the same sly smile. Jenna remembers her mother is just wearing a dressing gown. Their arms are both under the blanket. 
“Well, it’s not really any of your business, Jenna. Really. Is it?”
Jenna says, carefully, “No. I guess it isn’t, but I’m just surprised. I mean, to see someone else here with you.”
Her mother smiles like a thirteen-year-old. “Jimmy’s my friend. I didn’t know you were here.”
“I just went over to Mary Ida’s to help her. Remember? I was just here. Mr Chatham, you…”
“Yes?” the old man says.
“How long have you two… um… known each other?”
“Not so long,” says the old man. 
“Long enough,” says Jenna’s mother firmly just after this. Then she lets out a strange cackle that Jenna has never heard her make. 
Jenna stands there waiting for more, but the two older people on the couch under the blanket don’t say anything. In fact, she realizes that they are waiting for her to leave. 
“Mother, may I speak with you alone?”
“No.”
Jenna waits again. “Mr. Chatham, can I speak with my mother privately?”
“Jenna, I said no,” her mother says calmly. “We’re watching something. I’d like to go back to watching it.” 
“Well then,” Jenna says, putting a hand on the wall. “Do you want me to leave? I came all the way out to see you.”
“I didn’t know you were here.”
“Mother, I’ve been here. Mr. Chatham, I think you should go.”
The old man says carefully, “I’m sorry Jenna, but I’d rather not get up right now.”
Only then does Jenna realize what the problem is. She glances at the base of the coffee table in front of the couch and sees clothes on the floor near their feet. 
“Oh. I… okay. I’m sorry. I’ll tell you what,” she is surprised by how confused she has become. “I’m going to go downstairs and register a complaint with Mr. McDaniels. This is not acceptable.” Her mother wags her head back and forth and rolls her eyes at this. Jimmy Chatham can’t help laughing. 
“It’s not!” Jenna stammers. “I am going to log a complaint. And then when I come up here I expect Mr. Chatham to be gone.”
And with that, Jenna Tambore turns and walks out of the room, careful not to slam the door shut behind her. As she heads down the hall for the elevator she hears laughter coming from her mother’s room. 
The hallway still smells of boiled vegetables. The scent of fried fish is now mixed in as well. She can hear the murmurr of television sets, the cadence of news shows seems to be taking over. An old-style phone rings with the bell for a ringer. She hears the muffled voice of someone saying “Hello?”. The drone whir of the air handling unit overhead seems oddly soothing. Jenna notes that a light is out in the sconce near the elevator lobby. Her hand is a bit unsteady as she pushes the down button. She waits in the scent of mixed dinners and the graffitti of sound coming from so many closed doors. “What was my mother watching with that ugly little man?” she wonders as the doors to the elevator open. She steps in, glad that the car is empty.




House Sitting


They weren’t fights, really, thought Jerry West, they were just expressions of exhaustion with one another. It was what a husband and wife went through sometimes after more than twenty years together with their children gone from home and so much time together all of a sudden. But why was Nancy always getting so annoyed with him? 
He was out on the porch having a smoke when Bob Stallworth came down the street and stopped at their gate. 
“I was wondering if you might be able to watch our house for the next week,” Bob said. “We’re heading out to the West Coast and the Lehman’s are up in Maine for the rest of the month. Their kids usually take care of things for us. It’s just the mail and the cat more or less. We can return the favor some time if you like.” 
“No problem,” Jerry said as he stubbed out his cigarette in a mayonnaise jar lid. “How long are you gone?” 
“Not long enough. We’re heading off for four days to California, then a quick trip up to see Edwin in Seattle. Home in about a week.” 
“When you leaving?”
“Tomorrow.”
“Why don’t I come by tonight, then, and you can show me what you need done.”
“Great, Jerry. Come over after seven and we can go through everything.”


The Stallworth home was well appointed with furniture from The Pottery Barn and Gravis-Tavlock along with assorted antiques. Theresa Stallworth painted miniature scenes of children playing and people at work on these pieces of old wood furniture. 
Magazines in the living room were stacked in wooden peach crates that sat in a row on the windowsill behind their couch marked Architectural Digest, Catalogs, The Economist, and Wired. Surfaces of fresh, clean wood gleamed in the soft light of careful and weekly concern. The old oak floor seemed as if it had been oiled only days before and the whole house smelled of sweet, ancient tree musk with just a hint of crushed leaves and old cinnamon. 
“I’ve written out instructions for you,” Bob was saying with their light orange cat at his feet. “The mail goes in the dining room in that dark mahogany sea box on the credenza. Newspapers should be placed in the crate next to the front door in the hallway. And Tiger here needs to be fed one cup of dry food and an eighth of a can of wet food twice a day. Theresa thinks I’m crazy, but feeding time is at exactly 7:10 every morning and then just as the sun’s gone down at night. You don’t need to worry about that kind of timing, but just in case, that’s what I do.”
Jerry nodded and asked about water and cat litter.
“I was going to get to that. We use water from our Britta filter pitcher, I replenish it every morning. And the litter box is down in the basement. I’ll show you along with the humidifier that needs to be emptied every night.”
He flicked the switch at the top of the basement stairs and they descended as Jerry recalled that he often felt like a failed homeowner whenever they visited the Stallworth’s. It wasn’t that the Wests were slobs or truly unorganized, but there were few horizontal surfaces upon which he, Nancy and the kids hadn’t created piles. The West’s carpeted floors always seemed to be speckled with bits of paper and cellophane. At least one penny or a dime could usually be found in the first and second most obscure corners of every room. The dog bowl was generally surrounded by stray bits of Purina, and the cat dish would always sit empty for half a day until the cat found it necessary to whine and wheedle and rub against someone’s calf for them to realize that she might well be in need of feeding. The basement was where the Wests were most unfocussed with piles of laundry, stacks of old cardboard boxes, and shelves stocked with cans of paint and varnish and jars of old corks, rubber gaskets, and assorted screws gathering dust for more than the twenty-three years they had lived in the house. 
The Stallworth basement was different. Shelves and racks and barrels and boxes were raised off the floor on bricks, all perfectly labeled in what Jerry presumed was Theresa’s voluptuous, stylized block print. The cement floor seemed practically to gleam, as if it were washed regularly then buffed or polished like marble. Nothing was out of place. The litter box itself was surrounded by a kind of corral that Jerry remembered Bob once telling him he had made when Tiger was just a kitten. A small bulletin board the size of a legal pad was screwed into the wood at one of the supporting braces with a pocket cat calendar tacked to it. There were also large brass hooks on the outside of the right top cross-piece from which several different styles of litter scoops hung, along with a canvas tote filled with old plastic grocery bags, and a large, commercial dustpan and whiskbroom. The litter box was a bit larger than the one the West’s had purchased at K-mart back in the ‘90s, but it wasn’t much different in composition — a putty-colored, hard plastic fitted with a removable rectangular top rim.  To the right of the box was a five-gallon galvanized metal pale. Bob stepped into the corral, withdrew a plastic bag from the tote, pulled a round-edged and rather small steel scoop off the rack and knelt next to Tiger’s box.
“I clear the clumps twice a day, usually. But you only need to do it once, preferably on your evening shift. Theresa thinks I’m crazy about this, too. A bit anal,” he smiled at his joke. “But I figure if I’m overly zealous it’s better than just doing it whenever. I hated that, you know, growing up. My mother and father just left the litter box for days on end. Our cat found other places in the house to go. Sometimes they wouldn’t clean it until he would make in a pile of unsorted clean laundry in the back of the kitchen. It was disgusting.”
He showed Jerry how to get out through the basement to the garbage can near the garage, and noted that trash day was Wednesday and that the truck came regularly at 10:15. Jerry considered reminding Bob that he too knew the schedule of the sanitation crew, but checked himself realizing it was the kind of thing that Nancy might say to him in a tone of voice that would set them off for half a day. 
Theresa was in the kitchen when they came back up. 
“He gave you the structured-Bob tour didn’t he?” she asked giving Jerry a perfunctory pat on the shoulder.
The three of them chuckled and Jerry wondered whether the Stallworth’s cleaned the house together. It was something that he and Nancy had been religious about before the children were born. 
Are these people happy together, he wondered. Theresa was wearing one of her usual loose, pastel-colored sleeveless tops. This one he decided would be called mango. He let his eyes fall to her chest. She was at least five years older than him, but more fit than Nancy. 
“I’ve written all of this out for you,” Bob said, glancing at his wife. He pointed to a full sheet of paper magnetized to their refrigerator. “You won’t have any problems I’m sure, but our itinerary and phone contacts are on the other side, just in case.” Jerry noted that there was nothing other than this sheet of paper on the refrigerator.
 “Oh, by the way,” Bob said as he handed the house key to his neighbor, “we’ve been having mouse problems up on the third floor near our bedroom. I’m assuming you’ll go around during your evening visit and turn on lights in a few places. If by chance you find a mouse in a trap, take one of Tiger’s plastic bags, pick up the trap and the carcass and put them both outside in the trash. Don’t worry about the trap. I’ve read that they’re no good using again after a kill.”
“On the third floor?”
“I think they’re getting in through the attic. I’ve heard them, but haven’t seen them. It’s probably nothing you’ll have to deal with. That kind of mouse is called a Northern European Black. They’re pretty cautious and don’t go out into living spaces much, but you never know. The trap’s there just in case.” They shook hands after that and Jerry headed home. 
Later that afternoon he went down to his basement and surveyed the cans on the two shelves near the clothes washer. He concluded that they could throw out the entire lot of them and nothing would be changed in their lives. Also, it seemed that if they could just order six or eight large wooden crates from Hold Everything, they would have a more defined place for the piles of laundry, old toys, sports equipment and unfinished projects that littered the basement floor. 
He talked with Nancy about this idea while she was making dinner. She said, “Why would you want to spend four or five hundred dollars on that company’s expensive boxes when we already have a place for that stuff. What’s the difference between a box and a pile?” 
Jerry left the room and went to the TV in the den to see if the Phillies were playing. He didn’t feel like having a fight about crates. They passed that night saying very little to each other. 


The next morning, before work, Jerry went over to the Stallworth’s, brought the paper in, dropped it in the crate near the front door, then fed the cat. It occurred to him that he should check out the house before he left, so he walked up the stairs to the second floor, noted that each bedroom was as immaculate as the living area on the ground floor – like a hotel or a bed and breakfast, he thought. The bathroom was the best, though, with all the original fixtures and polished steel hardware. The shower curtain was made of organic green cotton and the liner was a heavy, new white plastic. 
Next, he went up to the third floor where Bob and Theresa’s bedroom was located. They’d remodeled the third floor and turned it into a single open room. Jerry had been up once before just after the construction was completed when the Stallworth’s had their annual holiday party. There had only been a bed up there then. Now, however, the whole space seemed like it was out of a home and garden magazine, with a big picture window looking out over their back yard, and two antique armoires, painted here and there by Theresa with mountain scenes and tiny blue and purple flowers. 
On the floor next to each armoire was a canvas bag on a brass rack. One was marked “His Laundry” the other “Her Laundry.” Peering inside “His,” Jerry found two sets of socks tabbed together with wooden clasps. He walked over to Theresa’s bag thinking, “You really don’t want to do this,” but looked anyway — hopefully — and sure enough, in hers he found several light-weight tank tops, a pair of bright white bobby socks, and, much to his private delight, three pairs of panties, complete with appropriate smears in the crotch and rear. He noted the fairly close proximity of these stains and considered that Theresa, while perhaps in her early fifties, was a trim and fit woman and that it was likely this intimate part of her body was still pleasingly delicate and perhaps abnormally sensitive since everything was situated so compactly. He hesitated as he began to reach into the basket. What if they had a mini-camera running in the room? Or perhaps it was a test and they’d taken photos of exactly how Theresa’s dirty clothing had been placed. Maybe she plucked a hair and carefully draped it across the top of her laundry. But he wanted to examine her panties closer. In truth, he wanted to smell them. He could feel himself becoming consumed by this thought. But he also understood the implications of this type of petty lunacy. Briefly, he considered that if he were able to so rapidly degenerate during an act of charity in a friends’ house, was it not possible that there was more wrong with him than he supposed; that, in fact, a mild sort of depravity might well be the true source of the problems Nancy and he had been having. 
Looking carefully, he stretched his neck and squinted down into the bag. He took note of exactly how the pair of chiffon yellow panties lay in relation to all the other clothes. He would need to be careful. Laying in the mid-section of the underwear was a small, dark, curly hair, unmistakable in origin. 
The curious freedom one finds in an empty house not one’s own may be one of the more dangerous forms of solitude a human being can experience. But Jerry stopped himself, knowing full well that he was about to transgress his neighbors’ trust. A day would come when people would indeed question his sanity, but that day was far in the distance.  
 He stood up and sighed. As he began to move toward the door, he thought he heard a soft scratching from somewhere near what he assumed was Theresa’s armoire, but when he stopped to listen it disappeared. He stood motionless for ten or fifteen seconds, but still nothing.
 For the next several days Jerry dutifully went over in the morning before work to feed Tiger, and then again in the evening just after dinner to feed her again and to take care of his other duties. The sun was never really close to down when he did all of this, but it seemed that the cat was pleased enough to see him on these mid-summer evenings and she was eating well. He got to know the locations she liked to use in her litter box — the corners for peeing, and just off-center for her scat. Each night he would carry a surprisingly heavy plastic grocery bag of litter out the basement door and up the steps where it was deposited in the Stallworth’s Army-green trashcan. He would then return to the basement, carefully place a new bag in the pail, empty the humidifier box of water into the basement toilet, then go upstairs and traipse through the house turning lights on at random. Tiger would follow behind observing these activities with feline curiosity.
On the fourth night, he put the wet and dry food in her bowls and changed her water, cleaned out the litter box, then emptied the humidifier. Next, he went up the stairs to the second floor. As he was moving his hand to turn on a light in what he assumed to be Edwin Stallworth’s old bedroom, he detected a quick skittering sound that seemed like wood moving around and then a faint and pitiful squeak. He stopped with his hand on the desk lamp switch and listened. There was silence. Carefully, and listening all the while, he turned the light fixture’s knob until it clicked and the bulb illuminated, then stepped softly back out into the hallway. Tiger watched from a few steps down the stairs, her tail flipping back and forth. She too seemed to be listening. He observed her carefully, thinking she was more sensitive to noise than him, and might give a hint as to the direction from which the sounds had come. Thirty seconds passed before he heard it again. This time it was more a clattering combined with a tiny, almost frustrated shriek. Tiger’s eyes widened and her nose twitched once, then she bounded up to the landing, her back arched and face glowering toward the third floor. 
Jerry figured that he too would want to trap something scuttling around the edges of his attic making noises like that. He continued listening, but there were no more sounds. After a minute or so, he climbed the stairs to the third floor and walked quietly across the room to Theresa’s laundry bag.  “It’s so beneath you,” he thought. “You’re not a teenager anymore. You’re forty-nine and, yes, you haven’t made love to your wife in two years, but still…not this…. 
The panties were, of course, as he had left them. “She is a beautiful woman, he thought, “and I am really more addled than I care to admit.” Glancing away from the bag, he noted a mousetrap on the floor just behind it and to the left. It was still set. The bait, peanut butter, was still there. He grimaced recalling from childhood the deadly sound of the spring-loaded metal arm smacking home to the wood plate. 
Shaking his head, he stepped backwards to the bed and turned off a reading lamp that he’d left on the night before. At the lighting controls for the room near the door he then switched on the stairway lights. Tiger stood on the top stair bobbing her head around. Once Jerry returned to the second floor he had to call her persistently to get her to come with him.


The next day he went over in the evening having thought on and off at work about Theresa’s underwear. Instead of feeding the cat and taking care of her toiletries and the dehumidifier, he walked up to the third floor and went directly to the laundry bag. There was only one thing to do. It would be enough. It had to be. That’s all there was.
But Jerry West was a tormented soul. He and Nancy had once been full of the bliss of love for each other. They had been stupid true lovers and couldn’t get enough of each other — physically, emotionally, and intellectually. During their first year together, they dined out almost every night, sharing a bottle of wine or several beers, discussing everything that came into their minds. Nights of loving were slow and quiet, they swam into each other and prolonged their passion as long as possible. Love like that – even though it can pass away, and the two with such a history, now annoyed with each other, disappointed, combative, and even enraged, finding it impossible to be around one another, love like that remains buried in the mind and the heart. There is usually only one chance at this in life, and when it leaves, it still lingers to soothe and protect the core of each lover’s soul. 
This is what touched Jerry West, standing their staring into his neighbor’s dirty laundry, contemplating at least a moment of relief. He stood there thinking, wanting. But somehow Nancy kept coming into his thoughts — Nancy and the way she used to giggle when they made love; Nancy and her trust, even now; Nancy whose only real fault was that she sometimes acted more like a nine-year-old girl than a woman. 
And then he heard it. Very close, very distinct. It was a dragging sound and under it a faint hissing, a gasping intake of breath. And it was coming from under Theresa’s armoire. Turning, he heard Tiger jump up on the bed then leap to just in front of his feet, the fur on her back standing up, a low growl now building in her throat. Her tail switched back and forth. She was in a low crouch, seeming like she wanted to spring forward under the armoire.
Jerry understood that a trap had worked. His first instinct was to grab the cat because he didn’t know how many other traps were concealed. He scanned the floor, but the only trap he saw was the one next to Theresa’s laundry bag. Scooping Tiger up quickly before she could pounce, he moved swiftly across the room and down the stairs with the pet under his arm, then closed the door leading up to the Stallworth’s bedroom. Tiger was very obviously disgusted by this maneuver and stood seething at the door. 
Jerry said, “It’s not safe for you. You’re a beautiful cat, but you’re still a cat. You’re stupid and you can get hurt. I’ll deal with this. Just give me a second to think.”
He went downstairs and found a flashlight under the kitchen sink and returned to the door. With one foot he shoved Tiger away and slipped through the opening. As he reached the top stair, he heard the scraping sound from under the armoire. The flashlight was one of those large, black, metal police devices that can double as a club if necessary. It was heavy. When he turned it on, he was impressed by the sharp, bright beam it created. Not lost on him was the notion that he now had at least something of an excuse to move the laundry about in the “Her Laundry” bag. It occurred to him, as he knelt and positioned the light on the floor that he wasn’t thinking very clearly; that, in fact, there were times over the past few years where his brain didn’t seem to work the way it used to at all – his edge was gone, logic seemed a murkier business, it was difficult considering all the possibilities of situations whether at work or at home. 


At first he saw nothing to the left where he figured the sound had originated. But when he trained the light to the back right corner, he nearly screamed. There, wedged in behind the armoire leg, was a large, bristle-haired rat the size of a man’s foot, it’s naked and translucent tail flicking furiously, breathing rapidly, very rapidly, one eye swollen as big as a child’s marble with pus and blood oozing out of it. The mouth was distorted as well, the left side lip facing the light turned up, exposing teeth, and pink gums. Here, too, the animal was bleeding. And then he understood why. A mousetrap, a spring-loaded, Victor bait-pedal trap, had clamped down on the animal’s face just at the eye and mouth. In trying to remove it, the rat had backed itself behind the right rear leg of the armoire, but in so doing had also wedged the trap between the furniture leg and the wall. The animal was, indeed, trapped. 
Jerry kept the light on the rat, taking in the grotesque scene, trying to figure out what to do. The animal lay still now, its oozing eye partially blinking every few seconds. He could see the sharp teeth exposed by the up-turned lip and a small tongue working backwards and forwards against the metal that was pinning the face to the trap. For a moment he was horrified by the animal’s hideous features and the monstrousness of its distorted face. But then noticed the breathing again, the rapid, shallow, laboring of the entire body struggling simply to get oxygen. He could even see on the animal’s chest the pulsing of its heart, like a small toe under the gray skin and drab, dusty fur, beating, beating, beating, trying to get out as fast as possible.
He sat back on his knees for a moment considering what he should do. The rat was obviously dying. Even if it could free itself, it was unlikely it would survive the kind of damage it had sustained to its eye. Growing up, his father, who had lived the first twenty years of his life on a farm, would probably just go get a shovel or a baseball bat and crush the animal’s skull to put it out of its misery. And while he knew he could probably do that, he also knew that it would require moving the armoire, which would mean going to get Nancy or some other neighbor for help because without two people, the animal would likely bolt as soon as the piece of furniture was moved even slightly off of the wall. 
He didn’t want to bother anyone, especially Nancy. She would have a hard time with the brutality of the situation first of all, but, secondly, it would be one of those scenes where they would not be able to work together and he would try to boss her around and she would get mad and then they would be looking to hurt each other again. Her ridicule was difficult. How would she use this situation to make him feel inadequate? And when? She was getting good at bringing up issues from deep in their past and making him feel like a dog years later.
It seemed like the animal was going to die soon. He looked again under the armoire. The rat was still stuck in the same position. This time he noticed a puddle of liquid surrounding it and pellets of soft turd everywhere. “How long have you been up here?” he asked. But the rat just sat in its own defecation, panting, probably by then in shock. 
If the animal was going to die soon, Jerry thought it feasible that he could just leave it, keep the door closed at the bottom of the stairs, and then come back in the morning. The only problem there, of course, was that it might possibly escape. He figured Bill wouldn’t want that and he could only imagine what such knowledge might do to Theresa – a mortally injured rat scuttling around their floors, slowly dying. And then what if it did die later? It would decompose and Bill would have to deal with rotting rodent, not something you want to tear your walls out to find. 
Another option would be to lock the cat in the room with the trapped animal leaving them to their own devices over night. Tiger was a big orange tabby. She certainly seemed to know what she wanted to do to the animal. 
But he had heard too many stories about the tenacity of these rodents and how vicious they could be in a fight. There was no doubt that the cat would eventually prevail, but at what cost? Damage to her own eyes or mouth? A shredded ear, mangled paw, or disease? It seemed a risky and needlessly vicious solution to involve such a sweet kitty. 
As he considered this last option, the animal struggled again and this time kept up its efforts on and off for a good minute and a half. 
If it gets free, is it running away or is it attacking me? As that thought completed, it appeared that the rat had gained a purchase with its left hind paw and showed signs of freed movement. Quickly, Jerry moved from his knees to a stand and then a rapid jump onto the Stallworth marriage bed. “You just stay right there!” he said loudly.
There was silence after that, and he realized he’d left the flashlight on the floor and now had no idea whether the animal had actually freed itself or not. He felt bad somehow that the flashlight was still on and the beam trained on the animal, but no one to look. 
Maybe the thing to do, he considered, is let old Tiger in and stay with her, see if she can flush the fucking thing out and I can stand ready with a bat or a hammer or something. He was kneeling on the bed, watching the black bar of dark under the armoire cut to one side by the light, waiting for the now afflicted form of the rat’s nose with a mousetrap clipped to it to poke out, sniffing the flashlight, hoping for a way out of the hell it had made for itself. 
Tiger pawed the door and let out a sharp, demanding yowl. There was no question she was flowing with murder. He heard the rat after that, a few quick scrapes on the floor with its tiny claws, then nothing. 
Jerry scanned the room. The only object that looked even remotely weapon-like was an old wooden tennis racket hanging on the wall. He recalled a friend in high school bragging about stomping seven rats to death in a tenement house in North Philadelphia with his size 13 boots. “They’re totally blind,” his friend had said. “It’s sad really, they’re so limited and debilitated and yet worthy of crushing to death.”
But killing an animal of any kind bigger than a mosquito was not in Jerry’s makeup. It just wasn’t. His mother had once flushed a litter of baby hamsters down the toilet, but even that was one step removed from direct physical action, and, somehow, doing away with a group wasn’t the same, wasn’t as personal, as the task he had in mind. 
It moved once again, but the sound was far less dramatic and forceful. He figured it had to be weakening and succumbing to the inevitability of its own demise. He had only one option. It was the least drastic. Summoning up some grit, he extended his leg over the bed and scooted back down into a crouch. With the flashlight in his hand, he once again directed the beam into the corner and peered at the animal. It didn’t really seem like it had moved. The eye, however, seemed even more turgid. He noticed that the metal rod was now digging into the gums and a bit of the snout, getting lost really in the mangled flesh. 
“Dude, I’m sorry,” he said. “You got yourself into this. Good luck. I’m leaving you here to let nature take its course.”


That night he went to sleep a bit later than usual. He figured he deserved an extra beer. Nancy was asleep when he climbed in bed. He drifted in their bedroom darkness, wondering if it would have made more sense to contact the Stallworth’s for advice. But he knew that Bob would have pushed hard for a full-scale neighborhood attack. There might have been suggestions on who was up for such a massacre. And they would have been expected to succeed. He could have done that. He could have brought in three or four other dads and they could easily have put an end to the animal’s life. They could have cleaned up as well and Bob and Theresa might return and never fully appreciate the complexity of the situation. 
He dreamed sporadically of mice and rats and cockroaches. At one point he watched as a rodent slowly died with a flashlight trained on it the whole time. Then, just as he was getting ready to stand up, a pulsing began in the animals gut, he expected a final elimination, perhaps, but instead the stomach burst and amidst the fluids pouring out came dozens of small rats, shrieking and scurrying onto the floor, soaked, but fully formed and hairy, cute at first, but then snarling and confused by what seemed, he felt this, violence and rage, almost a sense of righteous justice in their actions. 
He woke up grabbing for his pillow then twisted around and onto his knees, thinking for just a moment that the infestation was in their bed. 
“What are you doing,” Nancy asked in the dark.
“Nothing, go back to sleep.”
“Good God,” she mumbled, rolling over.
He tried to sleep after that, but it was impossible. The question burned in his mind, “Is it dead yet?”


At seven-thirty the next morning, he returned to the Stallworth’s to feed Tiger who greeted him at the door excitedly. He’d kept her out of the room when he’d left it the night before and closed and locked the door to the third floor when he came down. It seemed the best thing to do, even though he knew poor Tiger would be driven nearly half-insane by instinct and the smell of blood wafting through the house.
There was a chance it was still alive up there and he wanted to check on it, but he also figured that waiting until the evening visit would give more of a guarantee of success. 
He went up to the second floor to make sure the door was still closed. He checked the lock. The cat followed enthusiastically. He picked her up and walked back down to the first floor, scratching her neck, putting his face close to her ear, “Tiger, Tiger, burning bright…”

That evening he went over before dinner. He’d wondered about the dying rodent all day. A sense of pity had slowly built itself in him. He couldn’t help feeling empathy. It’s time, he thought, “it’s time to die. You have to die. One way or the other, it’s time.”
He put Tiger in the basement and locked the door, then trudged up the stairs to the second floor with the flashlight in hand. Opening the door to the third floor, he crossed the fingers of his free left hand and began to climb the stairs. He was feeling awfully impotent and cowardly as he bent to look. But the rat was still alive. The pool of excrement and urine was by now stinking up the room and the animal seemed to be unaware of the light. The eye had fully popped, its remains dangling down the side of the rodent’s face. And the metal rod of the trap had dug so deep into its snout that it seemed like the rat would eventually be able to extricate itself by severing itself from its snout.
“It won’t be much longer,” he said to the animal. But a sickness was growing in his gut. He stood and went back downstairs. How long? How long? He had no idea. 
Tiger had barely touched her food all day. He was sure she was feeling tortured. He went into the basement and emptied the litter and the de-humidifier. Before leaving the house he realized that Tiger had disappeared. He found her on the second floor, standing in front of the closed door, whining softly. “Let me in. Let me up. Please.”


He tried sleeping that night, but knew after half an hour it was no good. He was afraid of the dreams he might have. He knew that he’d made a mistake not talking to Nancy about the poor thing. If he told her now, if he told anyone and it got back to her, it would just add to all the rest of the shit between them. This led to the realization that it meant he had to wait for the animal to die, then clean everything up and never tell a soul. Did he, in fact, ever really want anyone to know he had decided just to let the animal suffer? It was one of those things most everyone would do in his shoes, but a decision no one agreed with when they found out after some horrible outcome took place. 
At a few minutes before three o’clock he put on his bathrobe and slipped out their backdoor with the Stallworth’s key in his pocket and a softball bat in his hand. The act itself was mostly a matter of lining the bat up just right so that when he stood and then kicked the knob the barrelhead would meet its target and the animal’s skull would be flattened. He didn’t anticipate any last shrieks or a struggle. There was no doubt the animal by then would welcome death. A curious sense of calm came over him as he quietly opened the Stallworth’s front door, a feeling of inevitable purpose, a kind of dignity. He thought that he would deserve a reward after this and considered simply pocketing Theresa’s lemon-colored panties for himself forever. He deserved it. 


He flicked on the front hall light and stealthily began to climb the stairs to the second floor. It occurred to him that he had just spent the last few days stranded inside himself. The inability to share his dilemma had locked everything of the world out. He didn’t remember whether he’d spoken to his wife much all week. In their early days together, Nancy could handle any situation they’d ever been in. With her beside him, he’d been pretty invincible himself. This would have been taken care of in a matter of an hour. Still, Jerry understood that this was what one can be reduced to when things go wrong in a marriage. It was probably for the best that he just take care of the animal, clean up the mess, air the house out and, how long until Bob and Theresa get home? What, maybe –
The door to the third floor was wide open. He felt Tiger rubbing on the back of his calf. And just as he began to figure out what had happened, standing their in the darkness holding a bright red aluminum bat in his hand, a light came on at the top of the stairs and he heard Bob Stallworth say: “Is someone there? Who is it? Theresa, where’s the flashlight? This has been one helluva night!”
At that moment, Jerry West realized where things were heading with his wife. He knew there was no need to blame her for how she behaved. It was him. It was entirely him. He knew and understood that he was getting sick, that something was wrong with his mind, that forgetting is the beginning of things much worse. And all he wanted at that moment was to tell Nancy that he had loved her and to climb into bed to make love one last time before he was gone. 
He heard a foot hit the floor above him and turned to flee as quietly as he could.

 



Guda and His Son


It was nearing 7:00 and already the morning was feeling strange to Guda Ghazali.
“What is this box here?” Guda’s son Carter called from the front where he had been inserting cash into the register.
Guda glanced up from his work in the back room, searching quickly for an expression on his son’s face. Shifting his gaze, he checked the package that had been delivered by UPS just before closing at eleven the night before. 
“I do not know,” Guda said in English as he returned to his task of sorting cigarette cartons. 
“It’s from the company.”
“I’m waiting for the letter.”
“The letter? It’s addressed to Station 982. That’s us, Abbu. We should open it.”
“I will wait for the letter.”
“What letter?”
“They don’t send anything without a letter. I need to know what to do.”
“We can open the box and see what’s inside and still wait for the letter.”
Guda stepped into the opening with a carton of Springfields in one hand and a carton of Camel Lights in the other. Already his son was so different from him. He would never have badgered his own father, and certainly would never have thought to open a large box such as this without the proper authority.
“Abbu, you are the owner here,” said Carter. “There is no one else in charge. They do not run you. You have the right.”
“I also have the right not to do anything. I will wait.”
Guda hadn’t ignored traditions and worried about appearances just for his business’s sake, or even for safety. He had changed for his son. Carter was named after the President of the United States from when his parents had arrived in the country, four months before Ronald Reagan took office. Guda and his wife could not vote. The name they gave their son two years later was the best they could do. 
Several cars pulled up to gas pumps and Guda readied himself at the cash register. It was just after seven-thirty and the rush would be starting soon. A few clouds lingered in the morning sky. He turned to the small portable television on the cigarette shelf behind the registers and flicked it on. The customers liked to watch while they waited in line. He was glad he had Carter to keep him company, that they shared the time. He knew only a few weeks remained before his son stopped working full-time in order to concentrate on his studies. Carter was taking night classes at Rutgers in Camden and planned to become a regional manager in the company. “Forget the margins, Abbu. I am going to get a paycheck. No profits for me. Just bonuses and vacations.”
As people entered the tiny store, Guda watched impassively as his son slit open the tape on the UPS box and folded back the flaps. There was nothing he could do or say directly. They would be overrun until around ten. Several hours of taking in money. They were the best-placed gas station within five miles--just off two highways, on the edge of the three roads that led people from the neighborhoods to the highways. They had eight pumps that would be in constant use. 
Carter was peering into the box and shaking his head.
“There are people,” Guda said in Urdu. “You are making for only one line, my son. Get up here.”
Carter looked at his father, shook his head, then looked back into the box. “It’s uniforms, Abbu.”
“Come help me,” Guda said quietly, still using Urdu. “These people want to give us money.”
“It is shirts and ties, Father. Shirts and ties.” 


“The letter was in with the clothes, Abbu.” Surprisingly, the rush had stopped. It was a little before nine. Guda stepped away from his register. 
“They send it separate.”
“Not this time. Look at it. I’m not wearing that stuff.” 
Guda passed his son to look in the box. He saw shirts and ties wrapped in plastic. The shirts were a melted chocolate ice cream brown with white stripes shadowed by thinner red strips. The ties were adorned with tiny, yellow smiling faces, American flags, and the colorful little pennant that the company used. 
“I’m not wearing those,” Carter said again.
“We wait for the letter.”
“The letter is in the box I tell you,” Carter replied curtly. “At the bottom. But I don’t care. They think we’re monkeys. It is disgusting--brown and red and white, flags and these yellow smile faces.”
“The shirts have our names on them.”
“I’m not wearing them.”
“We’ll wait for the letter.” 
Carter made a face of exasperation. 
Just then there was a noticeable change in the rhythm of TV chatter. Guda glanced first out the window of his store to see that the sky was beginning to glow like a lit, pure dome of blue porcelain. The clouds had completely run away. But there was a noticeable pulse of something new coming out of the television. For just a moment Guda wondered if everything on the earth had stopped except the the pulsing television. On the screen a jet had smashed into a giant building. There was smoke like oil pot smoke everywhere. Something began turning over in Guda’s mind--over and over, like forgotten clothes in a Laundromat dryer. 
By its twin he knew the building. It was the World Trade Center in New York City. He had seen smoke flowing out of it before, but much closer to the ground. A car bombing, he remembered. Some terrorists claiming to be religious.
“Please turn it up,” he said.
Carter stepped forward while Guda glanced again outside. Nothing was moving. Cars had disappeared. No one was at the pumps. The sky was as pure and beautiful as he had ever seen. But something was still turning over in his mind.
“There is no confirmation on how this has happened…” the voice was saying. 
Guda could smell the hot plastic of the TV cooking in its own electricity. His body was talking to him. He felt the swirl now of the thing turning over in his belly. He didn’t know if it was his clothes or someone else’s. 
Carter’s face was squeezed into anger and confusion. “What was he thinking? What could a pilot possibly be thinking? This is insane.” 
Guda watched his son say these words and the turning stopped. He knew. He understood. It could not be an accident. Something else. Something as untouchable as the cloudless sky and the glass light of the morning. 
“The shirts,” Guda said quietly.
“What? Abbu, this is terrible.”
“The shirts. We must put this clothing on.”
His son looked toward him from the television. “You must be joking.” 
But Carter saw the look in his father’s eyes. It was the same look Guda gave when his son did not want to go in the back room and pray toward Mecca or visit his cousins in Havertown for the end of Ramadan. 
“Put on the shirt and the tie,” Guda said quietly to his son. “And for God’s sake, my son, tuck yourself in. It will be a long day.”
He watched his son standing over the box. He watched him stoop to pick out the clothing, and saw how the plastic wrapping on the shirts and ties shimmered in the bright sunlight. 
“I want you to go to college, my son,” Guda said carefully as he accepted his shirt and tie from Carter. ‘But…”
On the television the smoke was rising higher and the one good building seemed like it was in a bad mirror of itself. Guda felt his son’s anger growing in himself as well. 
From how far back does this come? 
“But what, Abbu?”
His son was standing over the box, his young eyes moving from the television screen to his father’s face, glancing quickly as well every few beats out the window at the morning.
“But I do not want you to be a regional manager,” Guda continued. “I want you to wait. I just want you to go to school and learn and think and wait. Let your life come to you. Do not have goals. Wait. I want you to be something you have never thought of before.”
Carter held his father’s gaze with this. On the TV the announcer said, “New York’s police and fire departments are at the scene. But we have no word yet.”
“You go in back to change first,” Guda told him, waving at the storage room. “I will wait for customers. I will read the letter you say is in here and wait for customers. Then we trade. Go quickly. It will be a long day.”


Trying to Care


The window of the tiny eleventh floor apartment has been slightly raised for two months. Occasionally a wasp gets in the room, bouncing off walls and lights and furniture. When the errant insect bodyslams the woman sitting in the chair, she doesn’t seem to register the collision. Several times one of these black insects has alighted on her head, excited, perhaps, by the scent of her scalp. It struggles to find proper footing in the soft white tangle of her hair before finally escaping and continuing its dumb rampage through her apartment. 
The window is only open about three inches. The woman hasn’t been able to close it on her own and the few people who come to visit either don’t know this or figure she wants it open. No visitor has ever seen an insect careening through the room. Eventually, the wasps either die from exhaustion or find their way back to the aperture they originally passed through. 
At night, mosquitoes swarm the opening. They are more attuned to the body heat of mammals, quickly locating their prey and then leaving through the window to mate, engorged with the woman’s lonely blood. She wakes in the morning with tiny welts on her arms and face. A double-dose of Arthrotec quells the inflammation along with the pain of osteo-arthritis in her hands, back, and hip. 
At night the room is only lit by the television which is always on. Mosquitoes can’t be seen.
The apartment is a studio. $275 a month, with stained beige carpet and light gray walls covered with a few photographs and a number of school pictures sent by the woman’s grandchildren who live in Nebraska and Oklahoma, a long way from Philadelphia and her Section 8 building in Germantown. There are several large family portraits on the walls as well, including one of her father painted before she was born. He has the same severe mouth and sharp stare that used to scare her every night when he came home. It’s the centerpiece picture in the room, hung on the wall behind her TV, and the eyes follow her. The woman sometimes talks to the large painting. The few visitors she receives are chastened by the staring young man from the past and spend their time with the woman feeling as if they are being watched. Perhaps this is another reason they forget to ask if she would like the window closed. There is air conditioning after all which is only partially effective with the hot winds of the urban summer blowing into her apartment, 220 feet above shiny black asphalt and the playground across the street. 
“Daddy,” she says quietly when no one is there, “I’m older than you were when you passed. I loved my family, but they’re on their own now. I’m living here. I’m going to die here.” There is something in her voice that catches, as if her words are a joke or she’s on the edge of sarcasm. “I am, Daddy. I have to.”
Perhaps it’s a good thing that the window is partially open. The air in the room is thick with the woman’s cigarette smoke, along with something else that is hard to discern – a chemical disturbance maybe, caused by dust particles and the steam and oil fumes she creates when she cooks dinner around the corner from her living room in the tiny kitchen. She eats the frozen meals delivered to her weekly by the Office of Senior Affairs. She’s never liked microwaves though so she has to take the portions of food out and fry them. 
She likes the little breaded pork chops the most. She cooks them in canola oil. When she has the energy, she steams or boils the vegetables. The carrots and the spinach are the best. All of this cooking is done after watching Brian Jennings on the news. She once had a crush on Tom Brokaw. Jennings has not done the same for her. He is more like a cousin from Utah.
The room is fairly bare so that she can manage to trudge around without obstruction. Her bed is in the corner near the door. There are two tall bookshelves. The walnut veneer dining room table, where she spent so many hours when she was a mother – helping the children with homework; sorting and mending clothes; talking with neighbors; eating with her family; arguing with her husband in those first young years of their marriage – is still the focus of her life. The TV sits at one corner of the table; piles of mail and magazines in another. The table has been with her since the second year of her marriage. Once, when she was still young, she was seduced by a repairman on that table. It had been passionate and, she later realized, an important step in liberating her, and may perhaps even have saved her marriage. His name was Pete and he was in his early twenties. He too was married. It had only been that one time back in the sixties. Her children were at school, her husband was out of town. She liked Pete’s hands. He’d stood over her with his hands on her hips and it was gentle. He watched her face. She liked that. 
She told her son about Pete years later before he stopped coming to visit. She didn’t tell him that it had been on the dining room table. He stopped coming right after she told him. 
When they were finished, Pete pulled her up to him and leaned on the table kissing her softly on the neck and face. He brushed his lips across hers but never really moved his tongue into her. She got goose bumps and looked at his hands holding his weight up on the table.
When her husband came back from his trip she didn’t want to bicker anymore. She felt guilty, it was true, but she also felt soothingly separate from him. Several months later she signed up for a civil service exam and eventually had to tell him she’d been hired by the local veteran’s hospital as a secretary. She sits now at the place in the middle of the table where Pete stood looking down at her. Pete was interested in giving her pleasure, taking his time. His palms were warm.


“There you are!” 
He stepped back from the desk quickly and turned, hoping to block her view of the computer screen.
“I didn’t know anyone was looking for me,” he said as nonchalantly as possible. Through the door he could see most of his large living room. It was full of his employees and their families. 
“Kent, this is your party!” she told him.
“Well, I just…”
“Tonight’s the night,” she said.
He moved a step more to keep himself between her and the monitor. 
“We’ve waited a long time, Kent. I’m off contract now. It’s time. We’ve waited long enough.” She moved toward him but stopped as he flinched. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong, Maddy. I’ve just got a bit more to do here than I thought. I’ll be out in a minute. I promise.” He looked into her eyes. He wanted her as much as she wanted him – probably more.
“I know I’m being enthusiastic here,” she said, “but maybe you could show a little reciprocation. I’ve built this thing up in my head and I was just hoping you’d done the same.”
He willed himself to let his gaze move from her face down her body. His desire to see that body unclothed had been there for over a year. 
“Look, I have. I just…” His eyes moved from her hips to the door which let in the sound of loud music and his partying employees. 
“You need to get away from your work for just a few hours,” she said. “We have something big to celebrate here. It’s not everyday that a company sells for six times it’s net worth.”
“Maddy, I’m sorry. I just needed a few minutes alone.”
“You mean, you were checking our new stock.”
“No, not really. I just needed some time in here.”
She looked at her ex-client coyly. They had been circling a mutual attraction for too long. He’d hired her to head up the merger. 
“Can you get away from your computer for just two hours so that we can show you how drunk we are and sing your praises?”
“All right,” he smiled, “I’ll be out in just a minute. I…’
“Kent. Right now. Come on. Step away from the computer. I command you.” 
“Very funny. Really, I’ll be out in just a few minutes.”
“No. I’m serious. Step away. Come on. I want to dance.”
He needed to tell her. Who knew where it was going to go? She was as smart as he was and more beautiful than any woman he’d ever gotten close to. He couldn’t hide something so odd from her. Besides it would be a good test. 
“Do you remember that I wanted to explain something important to you, something personal?” he asked. 
“Yes,” she replied. 
“Let me show you something,” he said as he stepped forward. He moved around her to shut the door.
“What?” she asked, sensing the change in his voice. 
He pointed to the screen. “That.”
She looked down at his desk. It was a large, flat-panel display. The image was in black and white and somewhat grainy. It was a view of a room. She could see the foot of a bed, an open, carpeted floor, and what looked like a person sitting at a table stacked with papers and books and a portable TV. From the back it looked like an old woman. On the wall over the table was a large photograph of a man’s face. The face made her feel somewhat uneasy, its eyes seemed to be watching as she moved closer to the screen. But the eyes also seemed to be watching the woman in the chair. 
“What is it?” she asked.
He needed to tell her everything. “My mother.”
“You’ve got a photo of your mother for a screen background?”
“No. Watch.”
She turned back to the screen. The poor quality of the picture had obscured the obvious. The TV in front of the woman was on and its image was pulsing in waves.
“What is this? An old home movie you had digitized?”
“It’s a video feed.”
Kent Becker was not a normal person, so this didn’t really surprise her. He had started Becker Systems out of his dorm room twenty years earlier, writing project management and scheduling software for architects and engineers. He’d spent most of his life after college building the company into a high-end development house for state-of-the-art modeling and simulation applications. 
“Keeping tabs on your mom?”
“She lives by herself,” he replied. “I get worried.”
“Do your sisters look after her?”
This was the tricky part, he thought to himself. Maddy knew both of his sisters who had two of the larger shares in his firm. They’d been in and out of Cincinnati several times over the past year when he was putting the deal together. 
“My mother doesn’t let anyone take care of her.”
“Where does she live?”
“In Terrace Park.”
“That’s not too far from here.”
“Maybe 20 minutes.”
Maddy was still watching the screen. “How often do you see her?”
The question was inevitable. She needed to know. “I haven’t been over to see her in three years.”
“Three years?” Maddy turned to look at him. “I know you work eighteen hours a day, but, Kent…”
“My mother and I don’t get along,” he interrupted. I…”
“So what is this then?”
“I keep an eye on her this way.”
“An eye?”
“I want to know she’s okay.” 
Maddy stared at the screen and Kent Becker felt his skin foaming with self-conscious prickles, like he was sweating a thick, toxic chemical.
“Does she know?”
“Not anymore, I don’t think. I installed the camera unit maybe four years ago in the light fixture over her bed. I told her what I was doing, but she was pretty out of it. I don’t think she’s aware of much anymore.”
“Whoa. Kent. You’re spying on your mother?”
“She won’t let us take her to a nursing home. She won’t let anyone take care of her except a home care worker who brings her stuff and a social worker who comes once a month. There’s a guy that delivers frozen meals, sometimes other people. I watch them with her when I have a few minutes, but most of the time she’s by herself.”
The old woman shifted slightly in her chair. He realized, too late, what would come just as she began to move. The digitized sound of the squeaking chair filled the room.
“You’ve got audio too?”
“I’ve got audio, too.”
“My God, Kent. You’re mother?” She turned to face him and he searched her eyes for the inevitable disgust. But what he saw calmed him immediately. She was smiling the dry, amused expression of hers that showed her intelligence through the patina of her playful, beautiful face. She punched him gently on the shoulder.
“You will never stop surprising me. You old dog! You’re worried about your mother.” 
He didn’t want to tell her yet. He was waiting for her to understand.
“Wait a minute. If we just heard her move, why can’t we hear the television?”
“The sound’s off.”
Maddy looked back at the screen, holding her breath. She was thinking this through.
“Does she know it’s off?”
“I don’t know, but I’ve never heard it on.”
She looked up at him and he could see the sympathy. She was searching his face. He knew she was seeing a side of him that no one saw.
“But can she hear?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t talked to her in years.”
“What about the phone?”
“I’ve never seen her use it.”
“What about the people who come in to see her?”
“I’m hardly ever around when they come. I’m at work. They talk to her, I know that, but she doesn’t respond much.”
“What about your sisters? What do they say about her?”
“My sisters?”
She waited. Finally, he said: “We don’t talk about her. I love them very much, but they know how I feel. I can’t talk to them about her.” He was taking deep breaths to speak these words. He hoped she understood the wound he was showing her.
They were close to each other and the door was closed. He continued to stare into her eyes. She took the one step needed and they were kissing. She was nine years younger. He wanted to be in love with her. He wanted her to spend the night, but it was still a risk. There was a knock at the door. They stepped quickly away from each other.
“Just a minute,” he called with what he knew was too much emotion.
“Kent,” she whispered.
“Will you be here later? When the party’s over?” he asked.
“Of course.”


Someone put on a CD of electronic music. The rhythm was enticing. He felt it in his gut. People were dancing near the speakers. In another corner, a group of young programmers were playing poker and drinking beer. In the TV area four or five men were watching the Bengals play their one Monday Night Football game of the year. The Jets would be pasting them. 
His mother had taken pride in contributing enough to the family income so as to make it possible for them to move to Covington just over the river when he was nine. After she started working, he couldn’t recall ever hearing her raise her voice, even to her husband, nor could he remember hearing her curse, or have more than a glass of wine at one of the two parties his parents hosted a year. 
After his father died though the edge in her voice, her willingness to be offended, her penchant for recalling past transgressions by everyone from snobby neighbors to her dead husband had been surprising. It felt as if she had some grand design in mind, that her personality change was almost a scheme. But he didn’t realize what she was doing until it was too late. 
“You need to get married now,” she had told him. “Too much work is bad for you. You need to have some fun.”
“Ma, I do not need to get married. I’m fine.”
“It doesn’t matter what you think,” she said, “I know. You’re life will pass you by. Your father is dead. I should have had more fun when I was young. Your father wasn’t a very good lover, you know.” She told him about the repairman then. He didn’t want to hear. There was a carelessness to her tone, a subtle hostility. He asked her to stop, but she wouldn’t. She told him his father had hit her in the face when she got her job and that he wouldn’t go with her to look at houses in Covington. 
“We never should have moved,” she laughed, “most people are trash everywhere. Money just makes it possible to fool yourself. Your father was right, but I needed to prove a point. What a point I proved.”


In the cavern of his loft living room, warm under a sheet and cotton blanket, he talked while Maddy rested her chin on his chest. The smell of wine on her breath and the heat of her naked body, the sensation of her breasts touching his lower rib cage and waist had disarmed him. They’d made love on the couch within minutes of the last guests leaving. He needed to tell someone. He stared at the windows of the clerestory high above them. The night sky was like a ribbon of sparks and black shiny metal spanning the dark air twenty feet up.
He told her everything. His mother was so frail now, so helpless. She had her faculties about her, but her body was gone. The TV hadn’t been audible for a long time. He figured she was deaf. He knew her vision was going. She’d broken her hip and it had healed wrong. She would never walk properly again. Too much pain. Over the years, before he’d stopped visiting, her isolation and lack of mobility seemed like it had created a kind of dementia that was hard to deal with. She became confused about the news on the television and sometimes blended stories together. She brought up the past as if it was the only thing that mattered. He felt her using the past as a weapon and it hurt all the more because his own memories were so sweet. The worst of it was that he couldn’t really understand why he had stopped going to see her. It just happened. He’d installed  the camera just as a safety precaution at least a year earlier. He used to go on Tuesdays and Sundays. One Sunday he just watched her. Then Tuesday came and he didn’t go, then the next Sunday. She never called, he never called. He couldn’t talk to her anymore, couldn’t look in her eyes without feeling angry – angry at her, at his father, at his sisters for leaving him with her, at life for this kind of ending. They just stopped seeing each other.
Brian Eno’s Apollo played on the stereo at low volume, programmed to run in an endless loop. The sad twanging guitars and sustained atmospheric tones wavered and broke in and out of hearing, making him feel that time was spinning backwards. He had tears in his eyes when he told Maddie about his younger days.
When he was a teenager, after his sisters had gone off to college, he would sit at the dining room table while his mother made supper, before his father came home. They joked about how close they felt to one another. She liked to tell him that he needed to be successful so that he could take care of her in her old age. They imagined a time when it made sense for him to care for her, that it would just be them. Neither questioned the notion that her husband would die first and that her daughters would move away. It would be the two of them and he would take care of her and they would have the same conversations, only by then Kent would be in the kitchen cooking and she would be sitting at the dining room table. She would help him with his children and enjoy the company of his wife. They let the concept of his wife hover in the air moving back and forth from the kitchen to the dining room. His wife was only spoken of as an ideal. At the time, Kent knew that he hadn’t met a single girl who interested him. His mother knew this as well. Kent also knew that his mother wondered if he was gay because of this. He just wanted to find someone who was better than him. But it wasn’t going to happen at Covington High. 
He talked to his mother about the history of math. He talked about the war in Vietnam. He talked about the stupidity of racism and how the Negroes at school all sat together in the lunchroom. 
She talked to him about being a teenager during the Second World War and how perfect life seemed once the war was over, how easy it was to love everything, including the man she would marry. She made him promise to spend more time with his father. 
Once she’d brought them around to aging, she also made him promise to help her commit suicide if she ever reached the point where her life was pointless. “You don’t know what it will be,” she told him, “but it will be something. Eventually. When I’m done being independent I’ll need your help. You need to promise me you won’t let me suffer.” 
Maddy stopped him and said that she’d had the same discussion with her father just before she went away to college. She also told Kent that it was probably normal to feel unhappy about one’s parents when they got frail. She stroked the inside of his thighs while she spoke to him. 
“It’s not normal to feel like I do,” he exhaled. “When I watch her, all I can think is that she’d be better off dead. I mean, really dead.”
He hadn’t wanted to sleep in his bedroom where the computer was. The couch was an island in the building’s huge living room. Maddy’s silence didn’t surprise him.
“What do you think of that?” he asked finally. “She couldn’t bear to see herself the way I see her now. Everyday.” He waited. 
“What do you think?” he asked again.
“I’m thinking I understand.”
“Understand what?” 
“Why you said that. About your mother dying.”
“I don’t want her to suffer.”
“Well, why do you watch her then?”
That was the question he didn’t want to answer. 
She continued. “I mean, you should go see her. She’s lonely. She’s still there. She can’t help the way she is. Don’t you love her?”
“I don’t know what loving her means,” he exhaled. “She’s suffering in the worst way I can imagine. She doesn’t have a life. She’s kind of still got a mind, but no body, her senses are dulled or gone completely. There’s nothing left. You don’t understand her anger. If I go see her, she’ll just try to drag me into her suffering. What’s the point of that? If the woman I used to talk to at the dining room table could see the woman in that screen, she would kill herself immediately.”
“She’s your mother.”
“No. She’s someone else. My mother was a different person. That person’s nothing like my mother.”
“You know what I mean. She’s what your mother has become. She’s still there.”
He wondered if this was a good idea, letting her know how desperate and confused he felt. 
“It hurts too much.”
“So you watch her on your computer? Your mom doing nothing? Being alone? That must hurt too.”
“Yes. I watch nothing.”
“So, are you watching because you need proof that you’re right?” she waited for him to respond. He couldn’t.
“Do your sisters know you’re doing this?”
“No.”
“Don’t you care?”
“I’m trying to care, Maddy. But all I can come up with is that she’d be better off dead. That woman who was an angel watching over me when I was ten and my best friend when I was seventeen would want that if she knew.”
A slight murmur of wind creaked through the tiny windows high above them in the ceiling.
“I don’t want to upset you,” Maddy finally said, “but do you watch her do everything?”
“She doesn’t do much.”
“No, I mean … change her clothes, I don’t know, what if she does other things, things you wouldn’t want to see …”
“I know what you’re getting at,” he interrupted, “but she changes out of view near her closet as far as I can tell and anything else that might happen just hasn’t. Of course, I’m not always watching so I don’t know.”
She was silent. After a few moments she began to kiss his chest. Her long fingers slid down his leg below the knee. She dragged her nails up his thigh. The pleasure from this gesture and the sense of her new physics, the realm of Maddy, her faint cinnamon scent and buttery skin, the pH of her mouth, the feathery tickle of her short hair, her sounds during love making, the depth and flesh of her around him, their fit, the question between them, ‘who are we now? what is this we have done? is this good? do I want to ask?’ the way the glow of night came through the clerestories, reflecting in her eyes, the stale and sexual odor of her breath, the full implications of her presence, all of this blocked out what he wanted to say to her, what he knew he couldn’t say – at least not yet.


Lying in the dark, hearing Maddy’s breathing, feeling the rhythm of sleep come to her, he thought: loving and caring are two different things. Love is everything you have with a person, what you share, what they mean, how they’ve helped make you, your history, your sense of self. It doesn’t matter what kind of love either – mother, child, lover, spouse, even friend. Love is the past you share, it is moments, rituals, what you remember together years later, walking in the spring across a bridge out from the shade of trees into the piercing heat of sun and seeing how the light crackles and explodes off the ripples and tiny rushes in the creek below. That was the walk he had with his mother when she told her son that his father was dying. He hoped she still remembered that day the same way he did. He loved her frustration then, how she seemed noble and heroic sharing with him her disgust for the medical community and her surprising hostility toward his father, “He says he’s ready to die. The selfish bastard.” 
Caring was the result of love. How else could he watch her? How else could he have thought endlessly after all these years that he could do what he knew was needed? 
Because it was shared love was at least partially selfish, like the act itself of making love, the sharing of pleasure, as much me as you, if I’m patient, it will be both of us today, the giving of pleasure and the taking of pleasure.
But caring was different. Caring went on after love, he thought. Caring was love grown serious. Caring was something for which there was no choice. He understood this because of his mother and what he needed to do. He was glad now, with Maddy asleep, her head still on his chest, that he hadn’t told her what it meant to care. 
He had been watching his mother for three years. He knew the schedules of nurses and the meal delivery people. He knew when his mother slept, when she ate, how long she was in the bathroom, when her cigarettes and medicine were delivered, how often she lit up and when she made her phone calls to her daughters. It was just a matter of timing.  


As he entered his bedroom, he could hear big drops of rain thudding like pieces of meat against the floor-to-ceiling window. He closed the door carefully and moved across the room to his desk. Besides the rain, the only other sound was the soft whine and whiz of his computer’s cooling system. The screen had set itself to swirling fluorescent colors rolling through an ocean of cold black nothing – glowing orange and yellow and pink clouds spinning in slow motion across the monitor. He tapped the spacebar lightly and after a moment heard the hard drive spin up. The screen flickered back on. His mother was in her bed. The television was still on. She was lying on her side, the good side, the one with the hip that didn’t hurt as much. The light was murky, but he could make out the rise and fall of her sleeping form. Resting his chin in his palms, he watched her, concentrating on his breathing. He was worth more than $38 million and there was nothing he could do except watch her on his monitor.
The rain began to fall harder. It was nearing 5:00 A.M. He knew the rain would wake Maddy soon. Why did he show her? Why had he added one more detail to deal with? He could barely make out the outline of his grandfather’s portrait hovering above the television.
He watched the screen and began to feel ready to fall asleep again. Maddy was warm. They would make love and then sleep a few more hours. But then he saw a sudden motion near the top of the monitor. His mother rolled over and sat up. He knew he had stopped breathing. She was staring at the ceiling, looking at the camera. He could see her eyes shimmering with television light and her mouth opening and closing. He strained to understand. He tried to figure out if she knew she was looking into the camera in the ceiling. He wondered if she was even awake. Then, just above the low-decibel insect sounds of the computer, he heard her voice: “Help me. Help me. I’m here. You have to help me.” She was staring right at the camera, saying hoarsely: “I’m here. You have to help me. Kent, you have to help me, now. I say this every night before I fall asleep, but you never come.”



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

David Biddle grew up in Columbia, Missouri during the 1960s and 1970s. He attended Reed College in Portland, Oregon and then the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia for graduate studies. He is the author of the psychedelic novel Beyond the Will of God and two story collections: Trying to Care and Implosions of America. He also writes regular columns for TalkingWriting.com and Kotori Magazine. Mr. Biddle lives in the Mt. Airy section of Philadelphia with his wife, three sons, and McLovin the cat. His next novel, Ex:Urbia, will be published in 2013. 

Contact David Biddle and sign up for special mailings at:
http://davidbiddle.net

Read other books by this author including the psychedelic novel Beyond the Will of God, a mystery and thriller with paranormal and speculative fiction overtones about the power of music and the human mind. 

An excerpt from Beyond the Will of God:

Ten minutes later Harris is driving north again on Route J. He finds McGrey Farms easily enough, turns right on a gravel road just past the property, continues up a small hill, flicks off his headlights, and turns the car around so that he can see the farm and the police cruiser from where he sits. The parking area in front of the house is lit by a makeshift wooden tower topped by four incandescents. What looks to be an underground home is roughly two hundred yards from him and partially blocked by trees. Trying now to pace his scotch intake and becoming mildly concerned about impairing his motor skills, Harris waits for Simpson to show. He keeps the car running so that the air-conditioning will work but rolls down the window to have a smoke.
Twenty minutes later, Simpson comes out of the underground structure with two men. She goes to the trunk, pulls out a tube, and removes what looks to be a map. She brings the map and the tube around to the front of the car. The three of them stand around the map lying on the hood and discuss what look to be directions for several long minutes. The taller of the two men points west while Simpson listens intently. She follows the sweeping arc of the tall one's hand, but also seems to glance right at Harris’s car. She finally shakes hands with the two, watches them go back into the house, and then uses her radio. He kills the engine and the air-conditioner, rolls up his window, and gets out as quietly as possible. She is walking in his direction. 
Crouching low in the near darkness, he edges around to the back of the car then backs, still crouching, across the road to a ravine. In the ravine, and still crouching, the sensation of the liquor coursing through his body, he moves carefully, looking for a place to stop where he might be able to see her without being spotted.
He hears her near the car, sees the bright streak of her flashlight, and then: “Mr. Harris. You can come out now.”

Read more of Beyond the Will of God by clicking here. 


Read an excerpt from Implosions of America: Nine Stories

From the title story, "Implosions of America:"

Janie instructed me to help Angeline test the TVs one more time and to make sure they were all tuned to different stations. They were in a corner of the living room huddled together like captured little aliens. The grimy streetlight glow let in through our front picture window reflected off their gray-green screens, illuminating dust and fingerprints and grease smears. I had the distinct feeling that these boxes of light also harbored an unexpected viciousness; that if we weren’t careful when we handled them they would bite or shock us. 
Angeline said she wanted music while we did our work, so she put on Patti Smith’s Wave. When she came back in the room I turned from the TVs to look at her. My eyes went first to her slender waist and hips and my palms pulsed several times. My gaze traveled up her torso to her small breasts and my fingertips began to tingle. Finally, I found myself looking into her eyes from across the room. It was all there and obvious. 
“She’s probably not going to do it,” Angeline said, smiling shyly.
My eyes fell to her mouth. I wondered if I was just projecting my own desires. Was she really interested in me?
My face must have registered a question, because she then said quietly: “Take off her top, I mean. She’s kind of juvenile in her approach to things, if you ask me. Full of drama.” 
I was still trying to find words. There was this creepy feeling I had with the TVs stacked together in the corner listening, and confusion over what Angeline was or was not sending me.
“Don’t get me wrong,” she continued as Patti Smith moaned in the background. “I admire her. And if even half of this action comes off, I will be very impressed. But I’m telling you, she’s going to stand there in front of everyone and realize she’s making a fool of herself if she gets all theatrical and does a striptease.”
Angeline waited for me to say something. I was still trying to look at her face, but my whole body was quivering with a desire to drop my view back to her chest and hips. 
“Let’s round these old TVs up and get them into the car,” she said.
I carried the units into the dining room where Angeline plugged them in, set their channels and marked each one with the corresponding number on the back using a large red Sanford Sharpie. Sitting at the table while she moved around me, I could smell Ivory soap on her skin. Several times I caught a whiff of garlic on her breath. She was becoming more beautiful by the second. 
When she was done, we carried each set out to the car together. Janie was making last minute phone calls to FM rock stations giving the location of the event. Finally, Angeline and I sat in the kitchen drinking cinnamon tea and eating garlic bagels smothered in melted Swiss cheese topped with chopped green olives, waiting for everyone to come downstairs. We listened to NPR while commentators analyzed the impact of Carter’s imminent concession. Obviously a great many western Democrats wouldn’t show up to vote at the end of the workday. I asked Angeline if she’d cast her ballot and she said she’d gone with Linda and Janie to the senior center at lunchtime. Janie stood in line, went into her booth, stayed for a very long time – more than 15 minutes – then came out. It looked to Angeline like our housemate had been crying. Her eyes were bloodshot and the lower lids seemed a bit puffy. 

Read more of Implosions of America by clicking here. 



Books by this author may be found by searching at all online bookstores.



