CELESTIA’S TALES:
THE LYBIRIA SCALES.
By
Decee Foulkes
Decee Foulkes
Published by Decee Foulkes at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 Decee Foulkes
Discover other titles by Decee Foulkes at
http://www.deceefoulkes.co.uk at Smashwords.
For
Ann and Shannon
Much love as always. 
Prologue

Rain had beaten Zilva's half of Celestia for most of King Marlon and Queen Magda's journey, but now as they reached the shores of Zolar, the sun shone high and bright. A young boy shared the royal carriage and in his arms, wrapped in emerald green, was the baby princess he had sworn to protect until her wedding day. The carriage was on its way to the palace of Demeter, where the High King and Queen of Zolar awaited with their own newborn son.  The young boy swallowed hard as he drank in the splendour of the Suns kingdom.  Everywhere he looked gold shimmered from every orifice. Buildings protruded into the bright blue sky and each one decorated individually so it was just as special as its neighbour.  He was not used to such rich beauty although King Marlon and Queen Magda were also a High king and queen.  Zilva was so different.  The sun, for one, barely shone there and everywhere was surrounded by water and swamps. The buildings were much older and weather worn. They were built for practicality rather than show as Zilva always suffered the storms. This did not mean that Zilva was poor, just merely their money went into other things.  While Zolar was a mass of land, Zilva was made up of rough craggy rocks that made islands, which were connected to each other by wooden rickety bridges.  Zolar was the suns land.  Zilva belonged to the moon. 
Celestia were separated into these two High Kingdoms who ruled over the much smaller kingdoms.  But for the first time in over fifty years, Zilva and Zolar had borne heirs together and if married would offer Celestia unity under one High King and Queen. This was something that had brought mixed feelings within both Kingdoms, many preferring to remain separate, believing unity would mean the loss of their identity. However, both sides loved their King and Queen and it was that love meant it would all be done in peace.
The bundle in the boy’s arms began to stir making him look down and smile at the bright green eyes that looked up at him.  ‘Orlson, would you like me to take her?’  Queen Magda asked him warmly. 
‘It’s fine your Highness’ he whispered.
King Marlon laughed deeply.  ‘He is taking his new role seriously, Magda.’ he turned to Orlson.  ‘I know you swore an oath, but the journey has been a long one.  You must be tired.’  Orlson shook his head and held the baby tighter making the king and queen smile.
Queen Magda came from the mers, the guardians of the sea, ruled by King Aquim. Mers were incredibly beautiful and proud creatures and Queen Magda was of no exception. Her hair was like spun gold and her eyes as green as the emerald blanket that wrapped the princess. She held herself with poise and always wore the finest green silks that matched her eyes. Today those robes were covered with the fur of a white wolf that covered her body.  King Marlon was very different. He was of the pirate gypsy clan. His once dark hair had now started to grey along with his beard. His features that were once handsome with boyish charm were now rugged and weather worn from a lifetime at sea. The clothes he wore were always tanned leathers that meant no matter the time of day he was ready for work, but like his queen, he wore his finery and looked uncomfortable in them as he travelled.
 Orlson had no idea of his origins. He had been left in the kitchens of Zilvas castle as a baby and since the King and Queen had no children of their own at that time, they took him under their wing. His name, they said came from the fact not only one person cared for him, he was alls son. But as he grew, his blond hair and pale complexion made people suspect he was of angelic origin, but when wings showed no sign of appearing that thought was dismissed. After all angels resided in Zolar and were warriors with enormous presence and power, definitely something Orlson did not possess.
Soon the carriage began to slow as they entered a beautiful tropical courtyard. Plants of every variety and colours were bursting with fruits and flowers. Orlson gasped as he caught sight of pure white unicorns grazing on large lush green fields. Some attended by tall men with long burnt orange hair. Their skin was dark with piercing blue eyes. ‘Elves,’ whispered King Marlon. ‘And they’re faeries.’ He said pointing to a group of enchanting girls giggling amongst themselves. Each of them looked like a colour from the rainbow. Their wings were barely seen as they fluttered so fast they were invisible. ‘You will learn that fae’s are almost as beautiful as the mers... Ow!’ Orlson jumped and saw a mock stern glare from the Queen. ‘I said almost dear.’ the King giggled
‘Orlson, take it from me, when you find true love no amount of fae or mer charm will turn your head,’ Queen Magda said.
‘Wise words as always my love,’ King Marlon said winking at Orlson.
 Finally, they came to a stop and the door opened, one of the elves helped the Queen out first and she moved as fluidly as though she was in water.  Orlson waited and then handed the princess over before he followed King Marlon. The castle walls towered over him almost blinding him as the sun bounced of the pearl white turrets. Large circular windows seemed to fill the walls and he was sure there was a sea of faces looking down at him. Nervously, he gulped and hurried to follow his King and Queen into the castle.
As impressive as the outside was, nothing prepared him for the inside. Pillars made from marble were carved with sun emblems that glittered with gold. They held up high painted ceilings that also shone and sparkled richly. As they walked the long hallway he was aware of the noise his shoes made on the cold stone floor and attempted to force his feet to walk much more gently. Up ahead, two angels stood guard at large oak double doors. The elves and the faeries was one thing, but seeing angels up close took his breath away. He could feel their power emanating already and he began to understand why they were feared so much. Their body armour shone under the brightly lit hall. Their wings, he could see were relaxed at their sides, but he knew in a flash they would be ready for battle. However, it was their skin and hair that fascinated him, they looked almost translucent. It was as though if you got up close you would be able to see the insides of their bodies. He could not believe people actually thought he was one of them. 
As they approached, the angels bowed their heads slightly before pushing the doors open, showing an even more impressive throne room. It was circular with two tall golden thrones at the top of the room. A blood red carpet was laid from the door to the thrones ready for the visitors to walk along.  The room was filled with many more elves, faeries and wizards, as well as people visiting from their own kingdom. Stood by their thrones were King Merrion and Queen Marion. Orlson could see by the wings that King Merrion was a fae. The Queen, however, had a dark mysterious look about her. Her long black hair was tied high upon her head revealing a thin elegant face and large almond shaped eyes. Her robes were golden, which contrasted with her skin and hair beautifully. He remembered kitchen gossip that no one had any real idea of where her origins were from and he had felt some empathy with her. Especially as rumours of dark wizards and alchemists being in her family seemed to darken her image, yet all he saw now was a kind warm face whom was loved by her people.
 In the centre of the room a gold crib stood and Orlson swallowed nervously as he watched Queen Magda approach with the princess. The Queens embraced and then began unwrapping their children. As Queen Magda let the blanket fall there was gasps and a few mutterings from Zolars subjects as the princess’s ruby red hair came into view. It had been the first thing the nurses had commented on when she had been born. Her parents were after all dark and blond. No sign of red anywhere, but Queen Magda had grown distressed fearing her honour was being threatened and it was ordered not to mention it again.
As the children were unwrapped an old wizard came into view. Orlson could barely make out his face under the mass of white hair that covered his face and head. He watched as the Kings stood at either side of their Queens and handed over a band of gold from Zolar and silver from Zilva to the wizard. He was going to mould the metals together creating a commitment band, very much like his own. It was to bind them to each other until their wedding day.  The wizard raised the bands above the Queens and the room began to silence. ‘I ask all those present to witness the promise exchanged by our two great High Kingdoms,’ his voice boomed, resounding from every corner of the room making Orlson shiver. ‘Princess Briganti of Zilva and Prince Xander of Zolar will unite in body and blood, making our kingdoms one.’
 A sudden flash of bright white light shone from his hands, causing everyone in the room to shield their eyes, as the two bands where moulded together. Orlson grabbed his own commitment band on his arm that bound him to the princess, the magick making it pulsate. Suddenly the babies began to cry and the room erupted into applause. Queen Magda walked towards him, Briganti in her arms. He could see she now wore her own commitment band of silver and gold on her left arm. The Queen laid her in his arms and whispered, ‘She is yours to keep safe until she is ready for her husband, Orlson.’
‘I will keep her safe your Highness. I promise.’

Chapter one

On the outskirts of Celestia, within the sea of the psyrens, a huge volcanic island sat quiet and dormant, although inside a castle, which sat amongst the rocks of Nepta, a dark magician threatened to erupt at any moment. Dryad had lived upon the desolate island for most of his life after his father had been banished there for trying to take control of Celestia. The resentment and continuous ravings of his father had almost driven him mad throughout his childhood, but he had grown used to living amongst the fire divas, the salamanders and learned a few tricks of his own to keep him sane. Then as he grew, he began to want more and decided to go to Zolar as a white wizard in attempt to shake of his father’s shameful image. It seemed to work as he managed to get a position within the royal palace and slowly his hardworking reputation began to precede him and he felt happy and complete. However, soon he found himself hopelessly in love with an angel named Clara. In Celestia, the only race that could not mix its blood was angels, because of their exceptional power and strength, it was forbidden. So their romance was carried out within dark corners and secret hideaways. Nevertheless, they were soon discovered and Clara's father recognised him as his father’s son and was brought before King Merrion and Queen Marion. The punishment was death, but the Queen, having a kind heart begged the King for his mercy. ‘Send him back to Nepta,’ she pleaded.
So as he sailed back home and watched the angel, who had captured his heart disappear into the distance, he swore revenge on Zolar. 
Now, thirty three years later he paced furiously waiting for his prize. His long dark coat billowed around him as he moved. The heat from the lava pools fuelling the heat of his impatience. His long thick legs strode along the chamber in few steps as he paced. Suddenly, his doors crashed opened and two salamanders flew into the room. The sack they carried fell with a crash onto the floor, the hessian material smoking at the Divas singed touch. Dryad closed his eyes, counting inwardly to ten, to ease his growing temper. Though the salamanders could be temperamental and dangerous beings, they could also be clumsy and stupid. ‘Have you got it?’ he asked slowly
'Yess my Lord. It’ss in the ssack,' one of them said.
'Evidently,' he sneered snatching up the sack. His eyes shone as the fire light made the gold and silver glisten. The Scales of Liberia was the foundation of Celesta’s balance and power and now he had it he would be able to take Zolar and rule.

Chapter Two

Prince Xander groaned as the Zolar sun beamed into his bedroom. He pulled himself up and groaned once again at the naked fae’s at his side. He swore, as he had done many times before. No more Faerie parties and certainly no more Unicorn Juice. He dragged his body from beneath his silk sheets and winced as the throb in his head began to intensify. Stumbling towards his wash stand, he pushed his face into the chilled clean water enjoying the brief moment of respite and numbness. As he lifted his face from the basin he caught his now wet features in the gold ornate mirror on his wall. He had to smile. He knew he was considered the most handsome man in Zolar and he could see why. His long dark hair framed a strong chin and high cheekbones. His dark brown eyes shone like a newborn child's. Though his father was fae, he did not possess the wings, but the fae charm was deep and strong in him and he prided himself on being able to capture any heart. 
He pulled off his loose white night shirt and winced at the sight of gold and silver on his left arm. It reminded him that his bachelor days would be soon is over and he would have to marry the Princess of Zilva, whom he had never met.  His freedom meant so much to him, nights out with his friends inside the bawdy inns in the wrong side of town. As well as bedding frisky faes who were free and easy with their bodies. Once married he would have to settle down and the thought of spending the night in only one woman’s bed was his idea of torture.
His bedroom door swung open with a crash as his Nanna Bess bustled in, arms filled with clean linen. The two fae’s disappeared in fright leaving in their wake a billow of faerie dust. Nanna Bess tutted as she began to shake the gold dust clear. She was an elf and though age had made her body swell and her hair turn silver, her eyes gave away she was once a beautiful woman. Nanna Bess had cared for Xander since his birth and he had come to both love and respect her, especially her no nonsense tongue. 'What have I told ye’ about mixing Unicorn Juice and faeries,' she said as she pulled the bed clothes from the mattress.
'I know. I know,' Xander said yawning and stretching, still gazing at himself in the mirror.
 'Well ye'll have to stop ye antics when ye married, young man,' she said now pulling some clothes from his wardrobe. 
Xander folded his arms across his chest and looked at his beloved Nanny. 'Nanna Bess you know you’re the only woman for me, besides we only marry if one becomes heir.'
'That’s why I've laid out ye’ best. News ‘as come that King Marlon ‘as passed on. The Princess Briganti is on ‘er way now. She should b’ ‘ere at noon.’
The jug on the side of the wash basin hit the floor with a smash as a shaking Xander looked pale and shocked. 'Wwwhat?' he stammered.
'Princess Briganti ‘as inherited the throne at Zilva. She arrives at noon t’ take ye ‘as ‘er ‘usband.'
 Xander’s heart began to sink. That meant he would have to be the King of Zilva until his own father died. A land he had heard of was full of darkness and gloomy waters. A land filled with goblins and dwarves, pirates and gypsies. He could not think of anything more unpleasant. 
Meanwhile upon the royal ship, The Phoenix a similar argument was ensuring. 'Ow! In the name of Hecate could you pull it any tighter?'
'I'm sure we could Ma'am, but it would mean breaking a few ribs.’
Princess Briganti winced as the bodice was pulled even tighter. If there was thing she hated more then being a princess it was wearing gowns that required broken bones to get into them. She had grown up around water and ships. She was very much like a father, a free spirit who loved nothing better then the sting of the salt water on her skin and the harsh wind in her hair. But since her father’s death, the ideal life of ships and adventure had had to stop. She now faced a duty that had been bound to her at birth.  She had to marry the High Prince of Zolar and be crowned High Queen. 'You're ready your Highness,' the dresser said stepping away from her and smiling. 
Briganti looked at the stranger in the mirror. Her usual straggled red hair had now been brushed and preened that much it now shone. Her tanned skin had been scrubbed to almost coffee white, making her green eyes even brighter, and her body had totally changed. She no longer recognised the shape that had been squeezed and pulled. Her usually hidden breasts now threatened to overspill from the shimmering silver gown.
 'Silvers definitely your colour,' a voice came from behind causing her to smile.
 She picked up a cushion and flung it at her trusted friend. 'Really, what do you think?' she said, awkwardly tugging at the tight laces that had tied her in.
 'Fit for a king I'd say,' Orlson said. 
Orlson had been with her as long as she could remember. Wherever she went so did he. Their friendship had grown so much more then the commitment band he wore for her, but now as the shores of Zolar had come into sight so had his freedom from her too, and it had left them both feeling at a loss with the other. Orlson’s usual bright blue eyes had since darkened with an unspoken sadness. Now silence had fallen yet again between them as unspoken gestures floated around the room. She knew that once her wedding vows were spoken not only her own commitment band, but his too would break leaving him free to leave her and do as he pleased. This was something Briganti did not feel she was able to do. Live without the one person who made her complete.
'How is she getting on?' Briganti's mother voice broke the silence as she entered the cabin. Orlson hurried to his feet and bowed to his queen.
'She’s giving the Dresser the usually banter, your Highness,' he said smirking at Briganti.
Queen Magda laughed, 'Briganti, you will soon be queen and dressing like one is part of the deal. Anyway Prince Xander is half fae how bad could he be?'
'I know, I know, for the good of Celesta,' Briganti sighed.
'Exactly the good of Celestia,' Magda said stroking her face.
Briganti had also seen a change in her mother since her father’s death, one that went deeper then grief. Her mother had been the favourite daughter of King Aquim. She was chosen to take the throne and rule the sea, but on a trip to the surface she had caught sight and fallen in love with a young gypsy pirate.  She had begrudgingly gone back to her own kingdom; however, she could not get the man from her thoughts. The young pirate turned out to be the High King of Zilva and when he discovered a young naked blond girl on his beach he took her home and made her his wife. But King Marlon had been the anchor that kept her from longing for the sea and now at his death her mother had found herself longing to be back, which would mean her own death.  So Briganti had ordered a constant watch on her mother during their sail so the water would not claim another parent from her

Chapter Three

Xander fidgeted frantically at his golden woven dress coat. Though he had drunk as much water as he could, and eaten a full breakfast, still his head pounded and his stomach felt sick. He sat beside his mother and father in the throne room. His eyes fixed on the floral patterns that engraved the double doors, just so he did not have to think about what was impending. What if she was ugly? Worse still, what if she was stout? He felt himself gag and his mother shot him a disapproving glance. Chatter filled the room as Zolar’s subjects and courtiers gossiped between themselves as they waited for their future queen. Xander had heard whispers suggesting that they were glad that King Marlon had died first. It meant Zolar did not have to be ruled by a princess of Zilva just yet. In the distance, trumpets sounded and horse’s hooves could be heard in the courtyard outside. Xander swallowed hard as he felt his head start to spin. His father took his hand firmly. 'Are you ok son?' he whispered.
'I am fine father,' he replied quietly.
'Well if it is any comfort her mother is a mer and you know what they say about mermaids,’ his father said a little sarcastically.
 Xander tried not to laugh as his mother gave a stern look to his father. The rivalry between mers and faes went deep, each believing they were more alluring than the other. 
Suddenly, the grand doors opened and the room began to fill with goblins, dwarves and gypsies. The Zolar subjects gasped as they watched with certain snobbery at the display. Though Zilva and Zolar held a united front they had little regard for one another, especially as Zolar considered itself the better of the two. He watched with a morbid fascination. Would he seriously be expected to rule amongst these people as king?  He thought to himself. Then two gnarled goblins dressed in silver and white blew their horns and he realised quickly his mother and father had already risen. It was then he saw her. First, it was the red hair that shone underneath the rooms lights. Then, it was the soft tanned skin that glowed inside her silver dress. Her beauty took his breath away. Maybe marriage was not such a bad thing after all. Just as his father said mers were insatiable lovers even more then the fae’s.
 'Queen Magda, may I offer you our deepest condolences,' his mother said hugging the Zilva queen. 
 Merrion followed suit kissing the queen lightly on the cheek. 'Thank you my Lord and Lady. As promised I bring to you my daughter Princess Briganti,’ Magda said proudly, her head held high.
  Merrion took Briganti’s' hand and kissed it. 'You have turned into a true beauty, princess,'
Briganti bowed her head respectfully, feeling all eyes upon her. 'Thank you my Lord.'
'And may I, in return,' continued the King 'present my son Prince Xander.'
Briganti lifted her eyes and inwardly sighed. She instantly could feel and smell the faerie charm pulsating from him causing her stomach to roll. However, being half mer, her own charms were strong enough to repel it. She could not deny he was indeed handsome, though she knew that was all there was to him. She leant closer to Orlson and whispered, ‘Please don’t tell me I'm to marry someone I could break in a second,'
'It could be worse he could be ugly,' Orlson whispered back.
Xander took his bride’s hand and kissed as his father had done, his fae charm on full.  Being so close to her he could now see the green of her eyes and he knew she was attracted to him too. 'Princess Briganti, you are even more beautiful then I imagined,' he said.
'So are you Xander.' 
The room gasped as she realised her mistake.  She had not used his title, but, before she could correct herself, the doors from behind crashed open and with it the smell of the sea. Briganti closed her eyes at the smell of something familiar. People began to scatter as the most beautiful beings she had ever seen entered the room. Soldiers with swords that shone in sea greens and blues filled the room and stood to attention.  Their amour was made from the coral and bodies of sea creatures. Behind them, a bearded man, who wore a crown of pearls entered, as he did, Briganti noticed a look pass between him and her mother. So this was her grandfather, King Aquim.
 Merrion rushed to greet the man with over indulgent enthusiasm. Briganti knew it was very rare for the mers to come to land, unless they were called to court and she realised Merrion had to be very careful on how they were received through fear of offending. Especially, since Celestia was made up of mainly water. 'King Aquim, welcome. What do we owe this pleasure?' 
'My High King' Aquim bowed respectfully, 'I come to you in shame. The Scales of Liberia have been stolen from the caves of Creaegon'
Whispers filled the room once more. 'The Scales have gone?' Magda said forgetting her place for a moment. Aquim continued as though she had not spoken, causing Briganti’s’ teeth to set on edge.  'We believe Dryad is responsible.'
At the mention of Dryads name it was the turn of Marion to feel uncomfortable as Merrion looked at her sharply. 'But no one has heard from him in over thirty years. What makes you think it is him?' Merrion asked.
'Psyren’s were spotted near the caves,' Aquim boomed, his voice seemed to bounce of the walls and since mers communicated telepathy under water. Briganti wondered if it was just as strange for them to hear their voices. Briganti laughed 'Psyren’s? Psyren’s don't work for nobody.'
Aquim looked at her for the first time and she saw something change in his eyes. 'You are right my Lady, but my spies tell me that the psyren’s passed the Scales to the salamanders that reside in Nepta and they work for Dryad.'
'And the guards who were protecting the caves?' Merrion pushed.
‘That is why we come in shame. The guards were bribed. They have paid for their betrayal with their lives.'
The whispers grew into one of panic. Without the Scales, Celestia would start to fall into chaos. Their once perfect lives would end up at the bottom of the sea. The Scales were all of their foundation, a gift by the old gods to keep peace and balance for every being. It was the reason one kingdom was ruled by the sun and the other the moon. Two opposites in perfect harmony. Or that was the idea anyway.  But whilst everyone was feeling panic an idea had suddenly popped in Briganti’s head and she realised this could be what she needed to delay her own predicament.
 'Your Highness,' she said in her most sincere voice. 'I have spent much of my life at sea and I have one of the most powerful ships in Celestia. With your permission I would like to take my crew to Nepta and retrieve the Scales.' 
Xander felt his stomach turn to ice as he felt all of Zolars eyes fall to him. As future king it was his duty to protect and fight for his land not his queens. He cleared his throat and stepped forward. 'I will go also, so both Zolar and Zilva will come down upon him.' 
Briganti began to laugh but Orlson elbowed her in the ribs to stop her. 'Briganti!' Magda warned.
 'Of course my Lord,' she said through clenched teeth. 'The more the merrier.'
She turned and walked from the room leaving the rising chatter behind. As she walked away someone grabbed her arm and instinctively clenched her fists at her side. She turned and saw her own sea green eyes looking down at her. Aquim had followed her. Up close, she could make out his lined face beneath his beard that almost resembled her mother’s kind face, and in body. He was stocky and tall and she could see his strength despite his age. But pride was always what separated the mers from everyone else and that was there too. 'Princess, do not be fooled into thinking I do not know who you are. I can smell the sea in your veins, even though you seem to suppress your abilities,' he said 
Briganti pulled her arm from his grip and turned to face her grandfather. 'I suppress what I have no need for,’ she snapped.
'Be warned the psyren’s will test your weaknesses to get the better of you,'
'I have no weaknesses' she said confidently
'Ah, but you do. Your unexceptance of who you truly are is the greatest weakness of all,' Aquim said, his tone softening slightly.
'With all due respect my Lord, I have always known the sea and loved it, but it is because of your contempt for our people I do not acknowledge who I am. So when I sail to Nepta I sail as my father taught me, nothing more.'
 Magda watched as her daughter walked away and prayed that her own father would turn and know her. But as she started to give up hope, he spoke suddenly without turning. 'Magda, we need to talk,'
'My Lord?' she said her heart aching for his love once more.
'You gave the witch a vial of your blood in exchange for a life of a High Queen,' he said sharply.
 Magda bowed her head, tears filling her eyes. 'I did my Lord.'
'You know then what you have done,' he continued his voice still sharp.
'I did not know at the time, I swear,' she cried.
'I fear your blood will be what brings Celestia to its knees' he said bluntly 'and to think I would have put you on my throne. Your selfishness and desire has put your own daughter’s life in danger.'
'I beg you, please forgive me father. Allow me back to the sea where I belong, then maybe we can repair this.' Magda begged now on her knees crying.
Aquim looked down at her and for a moment went to touch her face, but changed his mind. People were now looking their way and it embarrassed him that this so called High Queen was begging. 'The sea now calls you since the anchor is dead. Your daughter has a true and great heart and I would take you back for her. But when I saw the colour of her hair I knew the bond with the witch was still strong. If you go back to the sea it will be as a psyren or dead, that is your choice.' 
Magda crumpled as Aquim walked away. Her lady in waiting rushed to help her up and she knew as she watched her father leave she had to make the right choice to even the balance.
Chapter Four

Orlson stood on the deck of the royal ship the Phoenix and watched the lone figure of his princess. She had long since changed from her dress into her breeches and shirt, and her hair was now knotted upon her head. The mood on the ship was tense. The Queen had locked herself away, refusing to come out and the Prince, after a day of being ignored, had done the same. Crew busied themselves quietly around him, and all that could be heard was the lapping of the sea and the squeal of the gulls above. It worried him that the Scales had been removed from their home in the centre of Celestia. There were no seasons as in other worlds, but the continuous sun and summer in Zolar with the winter rain and autumn winds in Zilva. The sun did travel across the sky but shone weak and low in Zilva, so much so the moon shared the sky with it. Orlson had no idea of the affect the loss would do, but he had a gut feeling it would soon be shown.
Behind him, he could feel a pair of eyes boring into his back. He turned to see the Prince’s guardian, Surrial staring intently at him and it caused him to shudder. Surrial was an angel and had been ordered to stay with the Prince at all costs, and his height and power was enough to make many of the crew nervous. Orlson could see suspicion in his eyes when they looked at him and Orlson knew it was because he was unaware of his origins and angels hated that. It made them edgy when they could not read people, especially those who did not know their true selves. 
Orlson had been brought up around people growing into their own abilities, even Bri, yet nothing seemed to change for him. He remembered the day she had accidentally fallen from her father’s ship. Everyone had gone into panic, but the king had ordered for her to be left. 'Let’s see if she has her mother’s gift,' he had said confidently and sure enough she had emerged from the water. Her red hair had turned to spun gold and when she was pulled aboard the ship she oozed charm. Like the fae’s, mermaids had the ability to charm people so they fell to their knees at their feet. However, mermaids, unlike fae’s, were only attracted to power so when Orlson had tried to approach her she had repelled him by calling him worthless. This had broken his heart and even after the old Bri returned, the damage had already been done. Out of all the men she had spurned for those few days, while she changed back to her normal self, she had rejected the one that loved her the most. Bri had been so angered and affected by her behaviour she had vowed never to use her gifts and worked tirelessly on suppressing her mother’s blood.
One of the Queens ladies interrupted his thoughts. 'Orlson, the Prince has asked that the Princess join him for dinner.' 
He raised his eyebrows and she merely shrugged. Everyone at Zilva’s court knew that Bri was not a woman to be summoned by anyone. Too much of a free spirit that went wherever a boat and a wave took her. She was not going to be suited to married life and certainly not to a husband as well maintained as the Prince. He nodded and made his way towards Bri.  Orlson had secretly dreaded today for a lifetime. He hated feeling so jealous and the longing for her to stay with him and not to leave was so strong. He had even felt he would not be able to watch her wedding, even though his missing presence would no doubt have hurt her. But as he neared where she stood, he secretly thanked Hecate for Dryad buying him time with her. 
Bri turned to him and her green eyes met his making his heart leap. 'Have you sent word to Clues to get the Crux ready? If we leave as soon as we get there we may be able to lose the pampered fae and his flying monkey,' she said pulling a stray hair from her face.
 Orlson laughed. 'Now that’s your husband and his flying monkey you’re talking about. Anyway he may surprise you,' he added diplomatically.
‘I doubt it. Have you seen him? He better dressed then mother and he also used charm on me, how disrespectful to use charm on a princess of Zilva,' she ranted.
Orlson raised his eyebrows in surprise. 'That’s a first, you using your title. You hate being called princess.' 
'Princess sounds so weak and prissy,' she muttered, looking back towards the open water.
'He's requested your presence at dinner,' Orlson said.
 Bri looked back and rubbed her head sighing. 'Any sign of mother?' she asked choosing to ignore Orlson's words.
'She is still in her cabin. You have to give her time she has just lost the love of her life and met her father in the space of a week,' he said softly.
'I know,' she whispered. She grabbed his arm and fingered the commitment band on his bare arm, causing an electric pulse to run through his body. 'You'll have to wear this a little bit longer.' Orlson could feel his pulse quicken at her touch. 'Do you think you can put your life on hold for me a little longer?' her voice turning soft. 
Orlson lowered his head in the hope she could not see the truth in his eyes. 'For as long as it takes my Lady.' 
He felt her hand stiffen and sensed a moment of anger and hurt, it was easier to use her title then to say her name. She let go and he watched her stroll towards the cabins. Why could he not just tell her how he felt?
Bri wet her face using the washbowl near her cabin to hide the tears. Why did he have to turn so formal whenever they got close? She longed for the innocence of childhood when they would curl up together amongst the rocks and sleep the day away. But since the day she discovered her Mer-gifts everything between them had changed. She had become attracted to great power and she had sensed it in him and fought to keep him from falling under her spell. She wanted him to love her for being Bri, not through any charm. So she did the only think she could think of and that was to repel and attack him until she returned to her former self. However, the incident had also stirred her curiosity; she wanted to know why Orlson had a power that kings would envy.
Chapter Five

Xander sat at the dinner table, pale and still shaky. He had spent most of the journey throwing up his breakfast, but now he felt able to eat and keep it down. At least now it would give him the opportunity to speak to his bride alone, since she seemed reluctant to talk out on the deck. Considering he was a man never to be turned down, it was a knock of his ego when she clearly was not eager to give him any attention. He was far too used to having females falling at his feet. He heard footsteps outside the door and he began to turn on the charm. He watched as Briganti pushed open the door, throwing her hat onto a chair before lowering herself onto a seat opposite. Even in her scruffs, she looked beautiful, especially with her hair tied away from her face.  'Firstly, can you please not do that,' she snapped as she sat herself opposite him.
 'Do what?' he asked smiling.
Briganti leaned forward, elbows on the table. 'Fae charm doesn't work on the mers. The least you could do is give me the respect that I'll like you without magick,' she said bluntly. 
The smile fell from his lips, 'I am sorry,' he spluttered. 
She seemed satisfied and proceeded to pull the leg from the cooked chicken that had sat tormenting him on a platter between them. He watched in amazement as she gnawed her way through the meat. Most of the ladies in court would be horrified by her manners. 'Look,' she continued taking a gulp of wine. 'I'll be frank, I don't want you on my ship and I get the feeling neither do you. So why don't we do a deal?'
'Which is?' he asked taking a sip from his own goblet.
'When we get to Hecate just forget to board. I'll get the Scales. Come back play dutiful wife. Happily ever after?'
Xander smiled, the offer did sound tempting. 'And I would benefit how?' 
'By staying alive' Briganti smirked.
'Tempting,' he said 'but how is it going to look if my queen saves Celestia, while I do nothing?'
'So it's your image your bothered about?' Bri said keeping her voice steady. Xander shrugged. The idea of not going to Nepta was a wonderful one, but the shame of being branded a weak king was greater. 'Well you’re not getting on my ship,' Bri stormed knocking over the chair as she rose. Xander rose too, he could feel his own blood start to boil. He hated being told what to do, especially by a woman who thought she was better then him. 'I will be your king and I will do as I choose.' As soon as it left his mouth he realised his mistake as he felt his body hit the table and cold steel on his throat.
'PRINCESS!' 
They both looked up and Orlson stood at the door. He felt the weight move from him and the knife hit the table with a clang. He let out a breath of relief as he watched her push past Orlson and leave the room. He offered his new saviour a cup of wine as a thank you, although Orlson ignored it.  'You must forgive her your Highness; she has spent a life around the roughest of men and has learned to be far too headstrong.' 
Xander sighed as he rubbed his neck where she had held the blade. 'At least she fights for her beliefs. She will be a good queen. All I do is look the part.'
Orlson shrugged not knowing what else to say 'I best go and see if I'm needed on the deck,' he said finally, leaving Xander alone once more.

Chapter Six

Darkness had fallen as Xander watched the approaching bay of Hecate. The dark gothic castle perched on the summit of the rugged mountain dominated the skyline. From the mountain, wooden bridges protruded from the rock on to surround islands. Each island seemed to glow with fire light and the noise of bustling crowds and gunpowder could be heard even from the ship. He strained to see a welcoming party at the docks and was shocked to see nothing. In Zolar, parties and banners were thrown up whenever royalty visited or came home, but here there was nothing. 'Is it to your liking?' 
Xander turned as Briganti stood beside him, it had been the first time she had spoken since the outburst earlier and was relieved her tone seemed more pleasant now. 'Every place has its own beauty,' he said diplomatically. 
Their eyes met and he felt something pass between them that seemed over in a flash. Briganti, however, was the first to avert her gaze as something seemed to catch her eye. He followed her eyes and saw a docked ship in the harbour. 'Is she yours?' he asked
'She is. The Crux, my father built her for me,' she said fondly.
'She is beautiful.'
Orlson came from below deck and stopped at the sight of Bri and Xander standing together deep in conversation. He guessed from her animated enthusiasm that she was talking about the Crux. Her pride and joy. Nothing compared to the love she felt for that ship.
'One thing I've learned this week is that it's hard letting go of something when you've had it for so long.' 
The Queens voice made him jump and he looked at her and saw the tiredness around her eyes had made them turn black.  'Are you ok your Highness?' he asked.
 Queen Magda looked up at him and smiled a sad smile. 'You have always kept your promise Orlson and you have grown into a good man. Croenda will be happy when you’re finally free.’ 
The smile left his face. He had been with Croenda for two long years. She was as fiery and stubborn as Bri and she desperately wanted to replace his commitment band with one of her own. However, deep down he knew once his own bond was broken he would never really be able to give her what she wanted. Also, it was no secret that the two women hated the sight of each other and Bri would rather, in her own words, swallow knives slowly then see him marry her. 
Soon they were all stood facing the Crux and her crew. There was no time to prepare or even visit his new home, and his body ached with tiredness, but Xander could not help but look upon the ships wooden body appreciatively and he understood a little of why Briganti loved the sea so much. Her cravings and wood work was exceptional. Pictures of sea monsters seem to come alive in the wood, and on the front, a swan sat in mid flight ready to guide the way. Standing by Surrial he whispered, 'She is beautiful.' 
Surrial nodded, though his eyes were on the crew. For over a decade he had been apart of the Kings Guard. He was highly trained in riding and combat, and his magical spheres were the most powerful around, as well as his emotive reading being exceptional. He had already read the crew whilst on the Phoenix getting an idea of who was accompanying his prince. He knew the Queen held a heavy heart that was filled with burden and grief. Princess Briganti, however, had been more complex. She was like storm inside, he could only catch glimpse of what she felt. Her guardian though was a different story. When he tried to read him he hit a steel wall and that disturbed him. 'What was he hiding? And why?'
Bri paced the creaking wood of Hecate's docks. Her most trusted crew watched her, waiting for instruction. Clues, her first-mate, was an aged gypsy. He was the wisest and the oldest and had served beneath her father before her. Beside him, a plump rosy cheeked dwarf called Decks, so called because he maintained the deck of the Crux. However, his weakness with the ale was such that it could always be guaranteed to find him near the barrels below. Then there was Eyes. Eyes like Orlson was an orphan, he had been dumped as a baby because he had been born with plate sized eyes. He had turned up at fourteen begging for a chance, telling Bri that he could see clearly at night as he could day so she took him on. Last, but by no means least, her own secret weapon. The Trio. Three men in one. Again it was a mystery where they came from, they had the ability to split as three different personalities as well as becoming one and by the gods did those three personalities test her patience many times. However, when they were one, they could be as lethal as any warrior or solider.
'I'm sure you may have already heard the Scales of Liberia have been stolen and... can the three of you shut up for one second,' Bri snapped at the arguing Trio that stood at the end. They stopped suddenly and smiled at her innocently. 'As I was saying,' she continued 'King Aquim believes that Dryad has them, so we are sailing to Nepta.'
'When do we go?' Clues asked.
'As soon as the tide allows,' she answered. 
Clues moved closer to her so he was out of ear shot. 'And the stowaway?' he said nodding toward the Prince and Surrial.
'He's joining us,' Bri said quietly. One of the Trios laughed out loud and another of the Trio elbowed him. She turned and walked back towards Xander and Surrial. 'You had best get ready to go. We leave in the next few hours,' she said to them both. She then moved towards where Orlson stood with her mother. The dark light of Zilva could not hide how pale and worn she had become and it only worried Bri more. 'How are you feeling?' she asked
'I am fine, Briganti. I just miss your father,' Bri's heart jumped her mention of him. 
 'I miss him too but we have each other,' she comforted.
'I'll always be here for you. Just go and do your duty and let me do mine.’ Bri watched her mother walk away, puzzled at her comment. Something was not right but she did not have the time for it now.
Chapter Seven

Deep within the caves in Nepta, Dryad was pacing in panic. It seemed that was all he did nowadays. He had already sent salamanders on dragons to attack Zolar, so it was not the impending war that frightened him. It was the call from his mother that filled him with dread. He shivered and wondered how one could be so cold inside a volcano. Knowing he could not delay her any longer he made his way to the depths of his castle, where the stench of the rotting sea grew strong. There inside the crypt, his mother sat silently looking into a dark pool of sulphuric water. He waited patiently for her to acknowledge his presence, knowing the price if he interrupted her. 
His mother was called Tatiana and a psyren wytch. Psyren's were notorious creatures compared to their cousins the mers. Where the mers helped preserve life in the sea, psyren’s were vultures, whose singing would bring sailors to their deaths along with stealing the spoils of rich merchant ships. But Tatiana was born to magick and that made her one of the most powerful psyren wytches that had ever existed. 'You know King Marlon's daughter is coming for you,' she sang into the silence. The sound grated through Dryad like nails down a chalk board and he had to take a deep breath to calm his insides.
 'I do not really care about her,' he said 'it’s Zolar I want.'
'Do not be so foolish,' Tatiana snapped her head still hovering over the pool she was gazing into. 'You cannot underestimate her. She travels with a power I cannot read.' 
Dryad edged closer towards where is mother was sat. Resisting the urge to gag from the stench that emanated from her. 'What do you mean you cannot read? What does the pool say?' he asked uneasily. 
She grunted as she looked up at him. Her face thankfully hidden behind black masses of oily hair mixed with seaweed. 'She sails with the prince of Zolar. They are betrothed, but are not in love. If you offer the princess her lands safety in exchange for her hand you could very well have the whole of Celestia.'
 A lump of seaweed fell from his mother’s hair, hitting the floor with a thud and he felt repulsion tug at his stomach. 'Ok, but one, how does that get me Zolar and two what makes you so sure she will marry me. She could easily fight me to the death.' Dryad said. He had heard stories about the Zilva princess and none of them involved her being reasonable.
 'Because my son. I hold the key to breaking the princess and once the prince is dead she will have no choice but to take your offer.' 
Tatiana pulled herself from the floor and slivered towards her chair, it squelched and squealed as she sat down on it and Dryad let out an involuntary shudder. He pondered on what his mother had just said and the idea of ruling Celestia with a beautiful princess at his side was more than he had expected when he decided to take revenge on Zolar. 'What about this power?' he asked. That was the only thing that worried him in his mother’s grand plan. 
'I will try again much later, but whatever it is, we will make it work to our advantage,' she said. 
Dryad wanted to trust Tatiana, she was after all his mother. But after his father had lost the battle for his throne in Zolar, he quickly became ill and died and he suspected through the years it had been by his mother’s hand. He turned and made his way back through the caves towards the comfort of his own rooms. He needed to delay the princess' arrival and he knew just how to do it. But first he needed to go to the Scales. 

Chapter Eight

The Celestian wind had filled the almost invisible sails and with it Bri felt herself swell with pride at the sight. In the distance she could hear the Trio arguing about jobs that Decks had given them, and the creak of the wheel as Clues kept the Crux steady. The Trio were now separated, which meant they simply went by the names First, Second and Third in order to avoid confusion, although it was still hard. The only true way was their eyes and personality. The First had red eyes and was fiery and moody. The Second had blue eyes and was the charmer and believed himself a love god and finally, the Third, with his brown eyes was the most intelligent, but was also a coward. The sound of her ship filled her with contentment and comfort. All she needed now was to hear Eyes call out that Hades was in sight and after that Nepta was two days sail.
 Each piece of land had been owned and ruled by the gods who bore the lands name. Ancients would tell stories of a world not unlike their own that the gods had once ruled, but had eventually fled after a much more powerful and selfish god stole their throne. It was a god that apparently would not allow its followers to call it by name. But now even the gods had abandoned Celestia, no one ever knowing why or where they had gone.
 She had mixed feelings about landing at Hades, for one, she knew Croenda lived there and that would mean her enduring the gypsy whore throwing herself unashamedly at Orlson, like the dirty wench she was. She shook the woman from her head not wanting to ruin the good mood she was in, but then a sense of calm washed over her and knowing there was only one person who had that effect on her she turned and smile.
 'Are you looking forward to landing at Hades?' she asked. 
Orlson smiled at her. 'Well it's ok. You know I don’t look forward the party’s there, but it will help people relax before Nepta,' he said turning toward the sea.
 He knew what she was trying get out of him and he was not prepared to make it easy for her. 'True true,' she said after a second, then after another moment. 'Will you meet Croenda when we get there?'
 He smiled to himself. He knew Croenda was the real reason she was inquiring about Hades. He sometimes wondered if it was easier to become a holy man and love neither of them. Would his life really be any easier? Probably not. 'She will no doubt be there waiting,' he said finally. 
He felt Bri’s eyes on him for a moment and then heard her sigh. 'How is the Prince doing?' she asked, changing the subject.
 'You should go and see him,' Orlson found himself saying much too sharply. 'It is good that you both are getting along.'
'What do you mean?' Bri asked defensively. 
'Is everything alright?' They both turned to see Xander walking towards them. His feet were still unsteady with the rocking motion of the ship. He had changed from the dress robes and now wore some clothes that had once been her fathers, just so he felt comfortable. Both Bri and Orlson were relieved he had broken the tension that was growing between them and both forced smiles on their faces. 'Everything is fine, we will be in Hades by late tomorrow and then we are two days away from Nepta.' Bri said trying to sound cheerful. 
Xander smiled at them both in surprise. ‘Really? That quick? She really is a fast boat.’ Then turning to Orlson. 'Doesn’t your girlfriend live in Hades, Orlson? I just heard some of the crew talking.' Xander asked. 
Orlson caught Bri’s look of distaste at her name. 'She does my Lord,' he answered. 'If you would excuse me I'll go and see if Decks has a job for me.' 
He left them both stood together with a bitter taste in his mouth. Why did she have to be so pig headed? But really was it her? After all she was doing her duty as future queen; she had no choice but to marry the Prince. Yes, it was definitely him that was the pig headed one. The one who had to learn he could only have what his station allowed. He turned quickly to go down the stairwell, and saw the Second leaning in the doorway blocking his way.
 'They make a nice couple do they not?' he cooed. 
Orlson sighed and made to pass him but the First was stood behind him 'Did you just ignore my brother?' he sneered.
 Orlson turned to look the First in the eye and though he could feel the chill come from the red of his eyes, Orlson held his nerve. 'You know all I have to do is shout Decks,' Orlson warned. 
The First barely flinched, his eyes opened and closed slowly and moved to allow him passage. Orlson heard the First murmur 'As if I care.' but Orlson was in no mood for confrontations. He made his way down into the darkness, where by candle light, Decks was preparing the evening dinner. His face was as gnarled and twisted as an ancient tree and the colour of his nose gave way to how much rum or ale he had been drinking. But today his nose seemed normal and he guessed the old dwarf was saving it up for Hades. 'Where in Hecate is the Third? He is supposed be down here cooking,' Decks ranted.
 Orlson grabbed a carrot and began to chew. 'I've just bumped into two of them on the stairs,' he said thoughtfully. 
Decks muttered something unlegiable as he threw a tentacle into the stewing pot on the fire. He turned back towards Orlson and grabbed the half chewed carrot from his hand. 'You meeting Croenda at Hades?' he asked taking a knife to it.
 'What is it about Croenda all of sudden?' Orlson sighed, leaning against the wall.
 'Well it's no secret that when Bri marries, you lose that,' Decks said pointing a knife at the band on Orlson's arm. 'And knowing Croenda, as we all do, she will want to replace it with a commitment band of her own,'
'Well, she will have to wait and see what happens, we have the Scales to think about,' Orlson replied. Decks laid down his knife and looked at him with knowing eyes. 'What?' he laughed nervously. 
'Nothing, but you should know we all have bets on whether or not you are gonna tell her you love her,' Decks said. 
'Who Croenda?' Orlson said. 
Decks shook his head in a frustrated manner. 'Not Croenda, you fool. Bri, it is so obvious it’s ridiculous.' 
Orlson felt the heat rise to his face and was glad that the room was so dark. 'Of course I love her. Just as any of you do,' he spluttered. 
'True. Clues and I love her like a daughter. The Third has a crush on her, the Second would bed her in a second, the First is just out voted by the other two and would sooner kill her, and as for Eyes. Well Eyes, I'm not too sure, but you Orlson. The love you have for her is goes beyond desire and duty. You would lay down more then your life for her.' 
He looked at Decks for a moment unsure how to respond. Did they all know? 'Well even if I did. There is no point I am not a prince

Chapter Nine

Xander watched as Briganti busied herself with the man called Clues. Her hair had worked its way loose in the wind, causing red curls to flap about her face. She was so beautiful and everything thing he wanted in a wife and the more she spurned his advances the more he found her appealing.  'My Lord, how are you feeling?' Surrial asked standing beside him. 
'I must admit I am nervous about going to Hades. It has such a bad reputation.' Xander confided.
 Surrial's body armour shimmered in the moonlight as he towered beside him, his head held high. 'There is no need to worry. We angels are the strongest beings in Celestia,' He said confidently. 
'Well I think I'm going to turn in,' Xander said yawning. Surrial nodded and followed him to his cabin. 
'So is he all that you were expecting?' Clues asked Bri as he steered the ship. 
'What a poncey prince who loves himself more then anything else, yes, he is everything I expected,' Bri mocked. 
'Well you both seem to be quiet cosy considering,' Clues said, his eyes not leaving the horizon.
 'Well at the end of the day Clues I have to marry him,' Bri sighed. 
Clues opened his mouth to speak, but stayed silent. Bri looked up at the sky. There were no stars in Celestia, just the moon and sun, the moon dulling as it neared the Zolar. So the brightness of each measured their direction. However tonight something looked different, but could not put her finger on it. She looked up to the nest and considered climbing up to talk to Eyes. But seeing his still shadow suggested he was probably sleeping, so she changed her mind. The shadow of one of the Trio caught her eye and she tired to guess by the way he moved which one it was. She loved playing the game in her head. Unless you could see their eyes it was almost impossible to tell. Deciding that it was the shadow of the Third, she realised she was too tired to continue and made her way to bed. She laid herself on top of the barely soft mattress and tried to close her eyes to happier times. But the usual sedative motion of the sea, gave way to an unsettling worry. It was the same feeling she felt when the tide was about to turn. But the tide was not due for turning for another three months. She shook her head of thoughts and closed her eyes again, her body finally giving in. 
She heard a crash as though someone had fallen into her room, slowly opening her eye her hand gripped the small dagger that lay beneath her pillow. Frowning she realised the cabin was filled with sunlight. Surely she had not slept that long?  'Princess! Princess!'
 Bri sat up fully and was greeted by the Third on his knees. 'Why don't you call me Bri, like the other two,' she yawned.
 'I'm sorry Bri... I mean Princess... I mean Bri,' he blurted out.
 She pulled herself from the bed in frustration. Out of the three, he was her favourite and for a nervous wreck he had the most amazing brain ever. But sometimes his babbling ways really pissed her off, and this was one of those moments. 'What’s wrong?' she asked him.
 He lifted his brown eyes to hers and quickly averted his gaze. 'Mr. Clues has asked me to get you. He says it is urgent.'
 She thanked him and began to pull on some clothes, pulling her hair under her hat. The brightness of the sun made her blink. Where on earth were they? Clues ran toward her, everyone was out looking up at the sky; even Eyes had come down from his perch. 'What's going on? How long have I slept?' she asked Clues.
 'Would you believe me if I told you that you've only been asleep an hour?' he replied his face filled with panic. 
'An hour? How in Hecate's name is there sunshine?' she asked. 
Clues followed her to the ships edge. 'I've no idea Bri, we should be getting darker the closer we get to Hades, when we realised the sky was getting brighter Eyes shouted that we had hit the Boarder.'
 Bri looked at her first mate in disbelief. 'The Boarder? As in Creaegon?'
Clues nodded at her. 'What's going on?' Orlson asked running toward her followed closely by Surrial.
 'We are at Creaegon. It seems we have gone full circle.' she said raising her hands in confusion.
 'Creaegon?' Surrial said, 'What has happened my Lady? Have we taken a wrong turn?' 
The crew and even the Trio hushed, all eyes on Bri. She never took wrong turns. 'Excuse me?' she asked tightly. 
Surrial towered over her, self importance emanating from him. 'Have you taken a wrong turn? We are supposed to be at Hades.’ 
‘Surrial, is that is your name? I have sailed these waters more times then you have polished that impressive breast plate that you wear. I do not lose my way,' she responded, turning to her crew, who was still nervously watching her and the angel. 'I am not sure how we have ended up here,' she added puzzled.
 'Well could it be possible that this is the first sign of what happens now the Scales have been removed.' Surrial said smugly. 
Bri turned back toward him clearly annoyed. 'Do you not have a prince to watch?' she snapped. She moved away from the angel and her crew followed her. 
'He does have a point,' Orlson said, once they were out of earshot. Bri looked at all her men, their faces waiting expectantly for her to give them answers. But she did not have any.
 'I know he has a point Orlson. But right now I have no idea which way we are pointing and we can't trust the sky to navigate us,' she said finally.
 'Princess, we could ask the mers,' the Third stammered. 
'Yeah that's a good idea,' Clues said patting him on the shoulder. 
'How do we get in touch with them?' Decks asked. 
Bri felt their eyes fall to her and a cold dread passed over her. 'I don't think so,' she said. 
'Why not? What do you think Orlson?' Decks protested.
 Orlson shifted from one foot to the other nervously. 'What if we just wait a while and see if one of them surfaces,' He offered. 
Bri rolled her eyes. 'We could be waiting for days.' she mumbled. 
'Surrial has just informed me,' Xander said as he pushed his way into the tight knit group. 'What is the plan?' he asked eagerly, it seemed to him this was about as adventurous as it got. He really had no idea.
'The crew want me to swim to the mers and find out what is happening,' Bri replied, giving each of her men the dirtiest look she could muster. Just so they knew how much she hated what they were asking. 
'And the problem is?' Xander asked. 
Bri took a deep breath. 'When I turn, I turn and change completely,' she said quietly. 'And I am not so good at turning back. It’s not something I have ever needed to do.' 
Xander took her by the arm and pulled her slightly away from the group. 'Surrial is able to heal. Maybe he could help change you back quicker and easier if that’s the problem.' 
She looked at him with surprise. She had not realised he could be so thoughtful, but if only he knew what the real problem was. If she gave in to her mer- side then she was giving in to her grandfather’s prediction and betraying her mother. She looked over his shoulder to her men. 
'If he can, then we can get moving,' she said finally. 
Orlson scowled at the sight of Xander’s hand on Bri’s hand and her reluctance not to move away. 'It seems the Prince Xander is going to save the day,' the Second whispered in his ear and Orlson felt his insides flinch.
Surrial had been reluctant to promise to help with her transformation, but he had been ordered by his Prince and had no other choice. Now the crew stood, some with their hands clenched as Bri stood on the edge of the ship. Her heart was racing as she watched the sun shine on to the still sea. She looked back and saw her men give her the thumbs up and taking a final deep breath, she jumped. 
There was a deafening silence as her body hit the water. Then came the panic as her lungs began to empty of their air. She was going to drown; she had not used her gifts in that long she wondered what if she no longer had them. Then, as quickly as she began to think this, she felt her legs pull together and change. Coupled with the pain inside, which caused her to gasp out, she realised she could not only breathe, but hear everything around her, from the sea creatures to the movement of the sea plants beneath her. Quickly, she acclimatised to her new found form and she made her way towards the bottom, where she spied the mass caves of Creaegon. As she swam down she spotted through the darkness the shimmering lights of Aquims kingdom. She tried to remember what her mother had told her about the ways of the mers. She remembered that in water, mers were telepathic and could read the others thoughts. Her mother had taught her how to put the guard up when she was younger and now she prepared herself so they could only read what she wanted them to. The dark cave loomed as she neared and she realised why this place had been chosen to house the Scales by the gods, its presence chilled her. The size of it was immense and it seemed to swallow the darkness around it.  'You cannot be here,' a voice said inside her head. 
She turned and was greeted by a blond, muscled mer. She instinctively bowed to him. She had no idea if he was a royal, but years at sea had taught her that if you wanted something from the mers, respect was paramount. 'My name is Bri. I am trying to get to Hades and we have ended up here.' that is what she intended to say, but instead what left her lips was something she would never have dreamt of saying. But she was mer now and self importance was beginning to seep through her veins. 'I am Princess Briganti,' she said flicking her long hair from her face. She saw his face changed
 'Princess Briganti, daughter of the High Queen and once Princess of the Mers, Magda.' she nodded. 'You are a land dweller. You should not be here,' he realiterated once more. 
'King Aquim has asked for my help to find the Scales, that you were so incapable of keeping safe,' she answered
The man swam closer to her so she could see his green eyes. 'My name is Brandish. My mother was Magda's Sister,' 
'So we are cousins?' she said. 
'No, you will never be one of us, you belong to the land,' he answered bluntly. 
This normal would have cut deep, after all it was a slight against her parents, but not this time she held her head up high. 'I am your High Princess, soon to be Queen. You will take me to my Grandfather, and give me the respect I am entitled to.' 
She saw his eyes twitch as he nodded his head in a slight bow. 'As you wish my Lady,' he said not hiding the slight sarcasm in his voice.
The Kingdom was nothing like she imagined, filled with buildings built from rocks and coral, yet they shimmered like diamonds and pearls. Brandish refused to take her through the streets stating she would be recognised and it was for her own safety, so she had to watch with awe at the colours of the sea animals and the other mers from a distance. Soon they arrived at Aquims palace and that was just as impressive. The sheer beauty of the walls and floors overwhelmed her and she could feel the pull of wanting to stay becoming stronger. Why would her mother have left this? For a man? Could she have done the same thing? She was enchanted. She heard a swish of a tail and caught a glimpse of Brandish leave.
 'My Lady,' Bri jumped at Aquims voice, she had not heard him enter, and he looked more impressive within his own realm, less old and tired. 
'We need your help,' she said bluntly. Trying to keep her head focused on why she was here. 
Aquim raised himself on to his pearl encrusted throne and looked at her with raised eyebrows. 'You have made an impression on Brandish,' he observed. 'And he did not like you before.' 
Bri was not listening. Her eyes were everywhere, lit up by the beauty of the room. 'You like it here?' He said finally.
 'If my mother had stayed, this would have been mine,' Bri said without thinking.
 'And how does that make you feel?' he asked. She wanted to say she hated her for her selfishness, however something deep inside made her stay silent. Aquim nodded and smiled. 'You're struggling with your mer-self. This is because you have suppressed it instead of learning to control it. So what you're experiencing is the negative traits of our people, it is what makes the psyren’s, psyren.’ 
'I do not know what you mean,' she said quietly. 
Aquim looked at her for a while and then swam towards her, Bri felt herself flinch as he placed something around her neck. 'A gift for my granddaughter. It will help balance your personalities.' 
As soon as it was placed on her neck, she felt her body begin to loosen and the brilliance and glamour of the palace began to loose its shine. 'Do you feel the change?' Aquim asked. 
'Yes I do,' she said 'but why did you call me granddaughter. I thought I was not to be accepted.'
 Aquim sat down once more. 'You misunderstand. I cannot accept your mother back. In order for her to marry your father, she made a pact that she cannot break and I cannot help her. You are not to blame for a princess' selfishness.'
 Bri felt her hands clench in defence of her mother. But she needed his help; she had to keep her cool. 'You have not answered my question, why are we here?' 
'The Scales control and anchor the foundations of Celestia, and now they are gone the imbalance of our worlds will become apparent. However, this has happened very quickly and it seems to me Dryad as simply swapped the plates over on the Scales. The plates are made from the sun and moon. So now Hades will be found in the land of the sun rather then the moon.'
'So the islands have shifted,' Bri said, 'and it happened that quickly?'
'No, it is happening slowly. Hades is closer to Zolar and is the first to be affected.' 
'I was sure I felt the tide shift,' she said in an almost whisper.
 Aquim nodded. 'I told you your gifts would come in handy,' he said. 'Take the pendant it will also help with the change quicker, go as though you were going back to Eastre and you will find Hades, and just trust yourself,' Aquim lifted his hand and waved Brandish back into the room. 'Brandish will take you back to the caves.' 
She made to turn and follow Brandish from the room instead she turned back toward Aquim. 'My Lord, how will the shift affect you,' she asked. She could feel Brandish eyes look at her with surprise.
 'We are prepared and ready for the effect. Our biggest danger is the psyren’s. Thank you for your concern. You will become a great queen;' He bowed his head at her and she returned it.
Chapter Ten

Orlson and Xander scanned the sea trying to make out any disturbance that would signal Bri’s' return. The suns heat was beating their necks, however, neither would move until they knew she was safe. 'What if she prefers it down there?' Xander asked.
 Orlson’s eyes briefly left the water to look at the prince, the jealousy he felt towards him was strong, yet there was something deeply likable about him. It was as though beneath all the nice clothes and pompous exterior he was actually a good guy. 'There is a possibility she could become enchanted. We just have to hope she is strong enough to come back.' 
A shout from Eyes made them look back out to the sea, just as Bri’s blond head pierced the waters surface. They watched as the Second and Clues took the boat down to grab her from the sea. Xander stared in amazement as her body was lowered on to the deck. The Third had grabbed a blanket to cover her exposed breasts, which were pert and perfect, but it was the shimmer of the blue/green tail and the long gold spun hair that caught his eye. He had been exposed to fae charm before, but mer charm was something he was not prepared for. It felt like he was being pulled into somewhere warm and magical. All he knew was that he was resisting the urge to fall on his knees at her side and offer her anything she asked for.
 Orlson saw the familiar look on Xander’s eyes and warned the First, who seemed to be the only person she did not effect, to take him inside. He and Clues grabbed her with the help of the Third and carried her into the safety of her cabin. Xander sighed as he watched her disappear and begrudgingly allowed the First to lead him away. 'Only true love or pure hate can resist mer charm,' The First muttered. 
Xander frowned at him. 'So which is it for you?' 
'My brothers are the only ones that pander to her every whim, for me she could die,' the First muttered before leaving Xander confused, and slightly unnerved at why Bri trusted her life to a crew member that one third would rather her dead.
They watched as the blond gave way to the red and the tail began to separate into two tanned legs. The three of them sighed loudly as they felt the magnet pull ease as her transformation completed. The Third handed another blanket to Orlson and left the room.
 'Bri?' Clues said. 
'I'm fine Clues, where’s Orlson?' she asked breathlessly her body ached and her legs felt like lead.
 'I'm here. You changed pretty quickly. Are you alright?' Orlson asked helping her wrap the blanket around her legs.
 Bri lifted the shell pendant from her neck. 'King Aquim gave me this. It helps balance my personalities,'
'What did he say about what is happening?' Clues asked. 
'He said that he believes that Dryad has something to do with it. He thinks he switched the plates of gold and silver. Which means Zilva is in becoming the land of the sun, and vice versa,' Bri answered, self consciously pulling the blankets tighter around her naked body.
 'Well I suggest we go back the way we came,' Clues said Bri shook her head.
 'No, Aquim said just to carry on going,' 
'Bri, we are in the middle of the sea with no point of reference,' Clues said. 'If we go back the way we came, we will have some where to start from and at the end of the day we have only travelled a day and a half.' Bri nodded and Clues got up to leave. 
An awkward silence fell between Orlson and Bri. Neither knew what to say to the other and neither wanted to approach the subject of what had happened last time she had changed. Though she had transformed to her old self, Bri could still feel the remnants of Orlson’s power and the attraction for him was greater still.  'I'm proud of you,' Orlson said finally. 
'Mother drilled it into me duty first. I did what I had to.' 
Bri woke later that day feeling refreshed and eager to tackle anything, and the first thing was the call of her famished stomach. She pulled on her clothes and made her way to the bow of the ship where she could hear Decks yelling at one of the Trio. 
'Princess,' the Third bowed and dropped the dishes he was carrying on to the floor with a crash.
 'For Hecate's sake. I swear I'm gonna make you into a duo one of these days,' Decks yelled. 
Bri laughed, she could tell by the red in his nose Decks had been hitting the bottle, sampling he called it. 'Is there any stew ready yet?' she asked taking a seat on the bench.
 'Five minutes. I'll serve it up to your cabin,' he slurred. 
Bri thought for a moment. 'No, send it up to the Prince, I'll eat with him.' she turned back toward where the Third was making his way back. 'Third, will you tell the Prince to expect me.' 
The Third almost fell on to his face as he ran toward the stairs causing Decks to groan once more. 
Bri knocked on Xander’s door and entered. There was no charm coming from him and she began to relax in his presence. He had listened. 'How are you feeling?' he asked filling a dish with stew for her.
 'Apart from being starving hungry,' she said. 'I'm fine,' she spooned the broth into her mouth and groaned appreciatively. Decks cooking had never tasted so good. Xander watched her with fresh eyes. The day before he had looked at her with a mixture of lust and disgust. But today he saw someone he could respect. 'Can I ask why turning to a mer distresses you?' He asked taking a sip of wine.
 Bri put down her spoon and leaned back on her chair. 'You are a half breed just like me,' she said. 'But I have to change form completely and I have not learned to control and balance the emotional side to it yet.' 
Xander held out his hand, and was surprised when she accepted it and placed her own inside. 'You are a strong woman, and you will be able to control it one day, and I thank Celestia that you were chosen to be my Queen.' 
Bri looked at him and squeezed his hand tight. She was starting to see past the front he put up and caught a glimpse of the man inside the prince. She had to admit to herself she found him more appealing then she had ever expected. 
Orlson’s body felt heavy for sleep, yet the sun in the sky told his body to stay awake. He had seen Bri enter the cabin where the Prince was staying, her hair still loose around her shoulders and he tried to convince himself it was about the power, she was still attracted to power. However, he knew deep down inside it wasn't. She was Bri again. The Bri everyone knew and loved and she was doing what she was supposed to do fall in love with her prince. A presence loomed behind him causing him to sigh. 'What is on your mind Surrial?'
 Surrial moved to his side his eyes squinting as he looked down at him. 'There is nothing on my mind Orlson,' he said is voice fluid and smooth. Orlson started to move away from him, his presence always made him feel so uncomfortable. 'Except...'
 Orlson stopped and turned to face him 'Except what?' he asked exasperated.
 'Mermaids are notorious for being attracted to power,' Surrial said in a matter fact tone. 
'Yes, it is well known fact,' Orlson replied.
 ‘That it is, but you see, what confuses me is that when you pulled the Princess from the water she reached out to you first. The Second, I could almost understand as it takes a powerful being to separate into three. But you, you are nobody, or so you claim.' 
Orlson felt his throat dry. 'You are mistaken,' he said 'when we were in the boat. She reached out to the Second,' 
Surrial looked at him evenly. 'Really? Well maybe the Second could clear up this misunderstanding,' Surrial challenged. 
'Fine! Call him, but can you trust his word. The Second likes to believe that Bri is just resisting his charms, he will say whatever gives his ego a boost.' Orlson bluffed. 
Surrial looked at him for a moment as if contemplating what he had said. 'Fine, I will take your word. But I will admit I cannot trust any one of you and I will be watching every single thing on this ship.' 
As with most journeys the journey back did not take as long as they had anticipated, but still it had taken long enough. The switching of day and night had thrown everybody off balance and tempers were already beginning to fray. Each tried to last out the day to sleep off their exhaustion at night. The sun, now setting was resting low in the horizon when Eyes called out. Xander felt a surge of relief at the sight of land and its lights. As they neared, he spied the wooded area that told him they had reached Eastre. Home was not far away. He breathed in the smell of the trees and could not wait for his feet to walk on solid ground. All that made him feel uneasy was the position of the sun even at night the sun still shone, just a lot dimmer. But now its red glow gave his Kingdom a menacing look and feel. Was this really the beginning of the change Bri talked about, he could not imagine looking at his palace under the silver light of the moon. 
Eastre was a small sea town on the edge of Elkins wood that separated the town and the city of Demeter. Many of the wood fae’s and elves lived there, catching fish and growing crops, trading it at Demeter's markets to make ends meet. Xander had often played as a child in the woods often getting lost in the place only to be found by Surrial when the night descended. Those memories filled him with hope that he could have those happy times once more. Who knows even with his own children?
 Bri and Decks began to pull down the sails and prepare to dock the Crux, while Orlson tried in vain to talk the Trio into becoming one. 'Why should we do what you say?' The First challenged facing Orlson with his fists clenched. 
'Because the Princess wants it?' The Third whimpered, with the Second nodding.
 'Oh, and what her royal Highness wants, you fools do. I am ashamed to be connected with you both,' the First hissed at his brothers. 
'Look guys, it makes it easier if you travel as one. Then there is no chance of losing either of you,' Orlson tried to reason.
 'You know Orlson, if I made a serious play for our Princess. Neither you or that prince would stand a chance,' The Second taunted.
 Orlson sighed. He hated dealing with them at the best of times. But the three of them ganging up on him was near as unbearable. 'Please, just sort it out before we hit the shore,' he said leaving them to argue amongst themselves. 
What struck Bri when her feet hit Eastre soil was how much she felt settled and safe. There was none of the glitz and glamour that was so imposing in Demeter. It almost felt like home. Instead of grand tall buildings, here the buildings were made from simple wood and stone. There were maybe three stories high if that and everything was quaint and charming. Small dusty roads led from the wooden harbour into the bustling market place and town centre. The highest point was a tall obelisk, which housed a sundial on its front. However, at the moment, it was proving useless. The people, although poorer then in Demeter, were still dressed better than those of Hades. It was just simple, rather then poor.  
 Surrial had covered Xander with glamour spell so he would not be recognised, but they still attracted stares. It was obvious from their clothes they were from Zilva. The town itself was bustling with traders and Bri could not help but smile at the small elf children that played chase in the market place. But she could tell by the grown ups eyes and that they were worried. The sun always shone here, whether dimly of not it still shone and now with the sky painted red, people had grown nervous and what the change would mean.
 Deciding they need to talk somewhere quiet they found a small inn and went inside. They gathered into a small dusty corner avoiding the sideward glances of a couple of the locals. The landlord bustled towards them. He was a stocky elf whose wide open face, made him appealing and likable. Yet, they had already seen his temper when they had first discovered the inn as he threw out two rowdy fae’s. 'Can I get you'se anything?' he asked.
 'Unicorn Juice,' Xander blurted out. They all looked at him as he hid his face in embarrassment.
 'Just a jug of ale thanks,' Bri smiled. 
The landlord nodded and came back with a jug and seven cups. They waited for until he was back behind his small bar and huddled closer together.
 'So what should we do now?' Clues started. 
'Is it worth going to Demeter?' Xander asked. 
'Yes that would be a good idea,' Surrial suggested. 'The prince will be safer there.' 
Xander looked embarrassed 'No, I meant the high tower in the centre of Demeter. We will be able to see where we need to be aiming for from there.' 
'I will be able to help there,' Eyes said enthusiastically. 
Bri smiled at him and touched his hand gently. She knew Eyes often felt isolated and out of sync with the rest of the group. The crows nest was a lonely place to be, but his young age also made him feel vulnerable compared to the others. He never seemed to join in and was often just as happy in his own company whenever they docked.
 'So how far is it to Demeter from here?' Bri asked. 
'The wood is about ten miles long. We could borrow some unicorns we could ride it in no time,' he replied. 
'Good, because that is exactly what we don't have,' Bri answered.
 A shout and crash made them all look around them. It sounded as though a scuffle had started outside. The landlord slammed his towel onto the bar in anger. 'Those damn fae’s,' he grunted, as he made his way outside. 
It was then Bri realised they had all enjoyed a pleasant conversation without any snide comments. She looked at who was sat at the table. 'Where's the Trio?' she asked.
 They all looked around the inn and a cloud of dread descended upon them all as they realised not only were the Trio not with them, but they were probably the cause of the noise outside.
 'Hecate!' Bri cursed as they ran toward the door. 
A crowd had already built up outside, in the centre an upturned barrel lay in the mud, dice scattered around the barrel. The Trio had two fae’s in a headlock, who in turn was trying desperately to disappear from his grip with no success. The landlord was yelling curses at him, but the crowed merely jeered and cheered him on. Bri noticed two angels coming towards the growing crowd and she began to panic. Angels in Zolar were the law as well as royal guards. She looked at Surrial and was relieved to see he was already walking towards them. She stepped into the centre of the circle and saw by the red in his eyes the First was in control, she needed to get to the Third.
 'First, bring me the Third,' she hissed.
 The Trio squeezed the fae’s tighter making them squeal. 'He is out on business. Do you want me to take a message,' He answered.
 She could see Surrial was deep in conversation with the angels. She had to think fast. She turned her back to him and loosened some of her top buttons so it exposed enough, but not too much, she would have to do this stage by stage. Catching Orlson’s disapproving eye, she merely shrugged. She turned back toward the First and pulled him as close as she could, 'Are you deliberately disobeying your princess?' she said seductively.
 The red slowly began to change to blue as his eyes fell to her cleavage. She had to dig deeper the Third was not as strong as the other two. She lifted her face to his, almost kissing, she stroked his lips gently. 'I do have a message for him. Tell him he has always been my favourite.' 
The change was almost instant as his face changing from revulsion of the First, to shock from the Second to a huge shy grin. 'Princess,' he stammered as he dropped the fae’s, just in time for the crowd to part allowing Surrial and the angels to enter the circle. 'Am I really your favourite,' the Third continued.
 Bri smiled and gave him a peck on the cheek. 'Always. Now go stand with Clues, oh and you stay with us.' 
'Yes, Yes, Princess,' he said stumbling toward where Orlson and Clues stood.
 She made her way towards where Surrial stood and was joined by Xander. Surrial’s face had paled if it was at all possible and was filled with anxiety. 
'What is wrong Surrial?' Xander asked. 
Surrial looked down at him with a warm almost sorrowful gaze and for the first time since meeting him, Bri caught a glance at the angel’s soft centre. 'My Lord, I am not sure how I am to put this,' 
'Just say it,' Xander said almost laughing, but Bri knew better. She had seen that look before. 'Demeter has come under attack by the salamanders.'
'Hecate!' Bri cursed with shock. 
'It is much worse,' Surrial continued. 'The palace was the first to be hit. I'm afraid, Prince Xander, you are now King.' 
Xander looked at Surrial not sure, whether he had heard correct. His insides had started to turn to ice as he sank to his knees. He felt Bri’s' arms grab him trying to stop him from falling. 
'Xander,' he heard her whisper, 'I know the pain you are feeling. But you need to be strong. You are a king now,' 
'Do not tell me what to feel,' Xander snapped. 'If it was not for my pride I would be there now with them,' 
'And how would that have helped? What would you have done?' Bri asked, she could feel his anger and need for revenge.
 'I do not know, but I could have tried.' he yelled pulling himself from her grasp and running off.
 Bri made to run after him but was stopped by the Third. 'Sometimes space helps release anger quicker, Princess.'
 She turned to the Third. 'Yes, you're right,' she said. 
He never seemed to stop surprising her with his intelligence. She had to admit he truly was her favourite. 'Surrial,' she called to the angel. He looked at her, the condescending eyes had returned, 'What do you suggest we do now?' 
'I am not happy at putting my King in danger. However, we do need something of great height to find a point of reference. We will take the unicorns and ride as far as we can and see what we can find. If we stick close to the shore the salamanders will not attack.' 
The sunset had gone to an almost blood red as it seemed to finally rest into the horizon as though it was lost or unsure of what it should do next, just exactly how Xander felt as he sat on a fallen log watching it. He wished that this was all a nightmare and he would wake up with another pair of fae’s and no bride was on her way to destroy his life. He wanted to hear his mother’s voice chastising his father’s callous manners. Now that was no more. He was the new King of Zolar, a kingdom that was on the brink of destruction, with only a ship full off idiots to save them. He knew he should not call them idiots, but he was tired. He was tired of playing second fiddle to a poor kingdoms princess. No matter how beautiful and brave she was. He turned his head and saw the market was starting to close down and people were going to their homes. He caught sight of Briganti with her shadow, Orlson, near the unicorn stables. He did not understand their relationship; surely Surrial did not shadow him as much as Orlson did her. He was not blind to see that there were a lot of unspoken things that passed between them and he made a note that once he and Briganti married he would make sure she released her guardian. He would not be welcome at his court. 
Bri stroked the silky soft body of the unicorn thoughtfully. The Royals were pure white with an almost silver shimmer that went all the way to their horns. But Surrial had suggested they bought the Ebony-Blues so not attract too much attention. The fur of the Ebonies were astonishingly beautiful with their bodies changing from black to blue in the light, and Bri had to admit she preferred them to the Royals and Orlson was bartering a price for five of them. She had already sent Decks and the Trio to keep the Crux safe; however, her mind was also on Xander. Her own father’s death had been hard, but to know he had died while being attacked would have made her feel worse. She felt nervous at the prospect of going to Demeter, she had never dealt with salamanders before, and she knew from others they were dangerous.
 'A penny for them?' Orlson asked coming up behind her, causing her to start, she had not realised he was so close.
 'I'm just thinking about Demeter,' she half lied. 
She could not help but notice Orlson’s face turn dark whenever she mentioned Xander and she found herself lying to him for the first time in her life. Is this what it had all come to years of friendship? Lying about each others thoughts and feelings. Where would it lead? Betrayal?
'Well, we are not really equipped for an attack. We are merely going to find a high point of reference,' Orlson answered.
Bri nodded in agreement. Orlson looked at her for a moment and realising her thoughts were elsewhere and not where she said they were, turned and left her alone. Maybe it was time to end this charade and settle with Croenda.

Chapter Eleven

The following morning, the sun had settled near the centre of the sky, not quite making it to its peak as they rode along the shore. The wood was filled with flowered trees of all different colours and the scents that filled their noses gave them a false sense of security. Everyone rode in stone silence as the Ebonies cantered on the snow white sands. The crystal blue sea lapped the unicorn’s hooves as they rode and everything felt tranquil and perfect. Too perfect.
Xander had taken to riding slightly ahead, only speaking with Surrial, he had not even greeted Bri earlier that morning, but she had excused him. Grief was always difficult to predict and she knew that deep in Xander’s mind there would be the what if’s? Orlson rode at her side, his own mood and face was unreadable, his eyes ahead. What was going on with the men today? She thought. If they were women she would swear they were due to pass blood. Tired of all the heavy silence she jeered her unicorn towards Eyes, who seemed surprise at her presence. 'Have you seen anything yet?' she asked. 
He shook his head at her. 'No not yet. This wood should be filled with life, fae’s, elves etc. but there is nothing.' 
She scanned the edge of the wood, he was right. They had taken advantage that the journey had been peaceful and easy, without a thought that it was wrong. She gave the Ebony a small kick and caught up to Surrial and Xander. As she approached it felt as though she had hit a wall of ice and she was not at all welcome. 'What do you want?' Xander asked so abruptly that even Surrial looked at him with a frown.
 'The journey has been too quiet,' Bri said. 'I think we should go nearer or even into the woods and find out why.' 
Xander laughed harshly. 'We are in Zolar my Lady, not Zilva. It is possible to travel from one part of the kingdom to the other without fear of attack.' 
Bri pulled her Ebony to a stop with shock. Is that what her future husband really thought of her home and her kingdom? And she was here trying to risk her life to save his. She watched them both gather pace, her blood boiling. Fine! Let him kill himself she thought, I'll save Celestia on my own. She turned the unicorn around and signalled to Eyes and went towards the woods. 
Clues and Orlson watched in puzzlement as Bri and Eyes disappeared into the trees. They looked at each other, both knowing if they followed her in without her asking, she would go mad. She would call if they were needed.
Bri did not have a plan, she had done this out of temper and frustration and quite frankly to prove a point. Having dismounted the Ebonies, she and Eyes had found themselves in near darkness, and they could no longer hear the sea through the trees, the deeper they walked. The only sound was the deathly quiet that surrounded them and that was more frightening then any unseen noise. Zilva had its trees, but nothing compared to these towers of wood and foliage. But the absence of even the smallest of animals made her nervous and on edge. She was glad she had Eyes with her; he would see anything long before she did. Finally they came to a clearing an almost circle with trees guarding it like a sacred grove. 'Do you think you could scale that tree and see what you can see from here?' she asked.
 Eyes looked uncertain. 'I could try,' he said.
 She watched him try and find hand and foot holes to ease himself up the trunk. He lacked the confidence that he had with ladders and the rigging on the ship, yet he was gaining height. 
'Have you asked him if he minds?'
 Bri turned in fright. A fae was stood looking at her with dark brown eyes. She looked like she was wearing the wood as clothes and her wings caused a slight breeze as they flapped frantically. 'So have you?' she asked again.
 'Oh, erm no, but he does it all the time,' Bri answered slightly confused at the fae’s sudden appearance.
 'Not him. The tree,' she replied. Just then Eyes gave out a yell as he landed with a thud at their feet. ‘I guess not,' she said smugly as she grabbed Eyes and helped him to the feet, 'Are you alright?' she asked.
 His face had turned a blanket white. 'The tree... the tree,' he babbled.
 Bri watched as the fae helped Eyes to his feet. 'What did you mean by ask the tree?' she demanded. She was not in the mood for stupid vain fae tricks.
 'Trees have their own personalities here. This one threw you out because you did not ask,' she answered, her hands moving from her hips to crossing defensively over her chest.
 'So what do you suggest? We are trying to get to Nepta,'  Bri bristled
The fae stopped as her attention seemed to be caught. 'What do you want with Nepta?' she asked through suspicious eyes. 
Bri decided to try another approach. She was after all the stranger. She held out her hand. 'My name is Bri, I am with the Prince Xander and we are trying to get the Scales from Dryad.' 
'Piss on it,' she answered suddenly not taking the hand. 
'Excuse me,' Bri asked, not sure what had just been said to her. 
'The tree. To ask, you need to bless it with urine. Then wait for it to allow you to climb,' the fae answered.
 Bri looked at Eyes and he shrugged. 'I don't need to go,' he said. 
Bri rolled her eyes and went to the tree, she looked back and saw Eyes and the fae were watching, at being caught they both turned their backs on her. She quickly looked about her and then pulling down her trousers she crouched and let her bladder go. Standing up and fastening her trousers she waited for the tree to respond. 'Should be grateful, it is royal pee,' she muttered. 
Suddenly a rubble under foot made her step back, as the trunk began to split and change, forming what looked like a staircase. 'Eyes go now,' she shouted.
 He took the stairs at a jump missing the first lot. He was so nimble it was envious to watch. 'I haven't introduced myself. Forgive me,' the fae said standing beside her. 'My name is Dorcas, I live nearby. You're a mer aren't you?' she said. 
Bri looked at her, how she could possibly tell. 'Half,' she corrected a little too harshly. Though Dorcas seemed not to care and shrugged. 'Why is this place so quiet?' Bri asked. 
'I take it you have heard about Demeter,' Bri nodded. 'Well those who can fight have gone to fight. Many have not returned. But those left behind are in hiding especially from strangers.'
'We are on our way there now,' Bri said.
 Dorcas face changed to one filled with panic. 'But you said you were travelling with the Prince,' 
'And?' Bri shrugged. 
'While the Prince lives Dryad cannot take the throne. He needs to be kept safe.'
 Bri felt sick to the stomach. 'He's gone on alone. We had a fight,' she whispered. 
Dorcas raised her hands in desperation. 'Do you have anything of his on you?' she asked. Bri patted her pockets 'No, nothing. Except,' she said thoughtfully. 
'Except what?' Dorcas almost shouted. Bri raised her sleeve and showed her the band of gold and silver. A change came over Dorcas' face as she saw it. As though something had just struck her deep, but she quickly hid it. 'That will do. I can trace him. We will dissipate straight to him.' 
Eyes feet hitting the ground made them turn. 'The land is changing. But you can still use the sky. Nepta is not that far. Once we hit Hades I can navigate us,’ he said breathlessly.
 Dorcas turned to Bri, 'Take the prince to Zilva and leave him there. Then go for the Scales. Our Kingdom is not safe unless he is.'

Chapter Eleven

'Do you think we should go in?' Clues said, wiping the sweat off his forehead with the back of his hand. They had been staring at the wood for what seemed a lifetime. 
'You know what she is like, she will call,' Orlson said almost to himself.
 They had tried to call Xander to stop, but they had been ignored, which had left them unsure of what to do next. At the end of the day, their loyalty was to their own. A movement in the trees alerted them as two Ebonies emerged. Eyes on one holding an empty one, galloped toward them. 'Where is Bri?' Orlson asked as he approached.
 'We met a fae called Dorcas, she is taking Bri to stop the Prince from getting to Demeter,' Eyes rushed. 
'But why?' Clues asked. 
'Dryad is trying to take the throne and he can't while Xander is alive,'
'And we are to do what exactly?' Orlson asked. Eyes pulled out a wooded whistle from his pocket and gave it to Clues. 'Wait, only Bri can call the Crux,' Orlson said, causing Clues to shift uncomfortable on his unicorn.
 'Bri made it so two people can call her. So I can do it as well,' he said softly. 
'Oh I see,' Orlson said trying to sound not hurt. 'It makes sense I suppose, you being the First Mate.'
 But it did hurt. He always considered that when it came down to it, it was him and her together, then the others. But to trust another with her pride and joy was almost treason in his mind. When her father had built the ship he had saved the last piece of wood and fashioned a whistle from it. Then at the Crux's baptism he had employed old gypsy magick to connect the whistle to the ship and hence whoever used it the ship would automatically sail to its owner. Bri had obviously had the magick changed and had not even mentioned it to him. The one she told everything to.
 'Bri wants you to call the Crux, get her ready and wait for her to return. Then we go to Hades,' Eyes continued.
 Clues took the whistle, turning toward the sea he blew. No sound came from it, but a moment later a sudden breeze enveloped them as she came into view like a dog bounding to her master. As it got close to them Decks appeared with the Trio at his side. 'You called,' he yelled smiling. As they climbed aboard Decks began to grumble. 'I wish you could fashion that thing so I could have some warning. I was in the middle of cleaning the deck and all of a sudden the sails are down and off we go. Talk about giving an old dwarf heart failure.'
 It was then Orlson realised he was in the fact the only one who did not know that Clues had the ability to use the whistle. Bri had chosen not to tell him and he wanted to know why.
Since separating from Briganti and her party, Xander and Surrial had managed to gather pace and now the smell of fires burning had started to hit them. Over the tree tops they could see the sun filled sky now raged red and black as smoke and flames hit the sky. Xander could hear the screams and shouts and he brought his Ebony to a stop. 'You do not have to go, I can go and see what the situation is like first,' Surrial offered. 
'No. I must stand and fight for my-Ow!' 
Xander grabbed his arm as he fell from his unicorn to the floor. It felt as though he was being dragged from the arm by an unseen force. Then, suddenly, a scream and a weight hit his body and all he could see was a shock of familiar red hair. 'Briganti,' he said astonishment giving way to his earlier anger. But then he remembered and pushed her roughly from him. 'What are you doing here and how did you get here?' he snapped dusting the sand from his clothes.
 'My Lord, it was I that brought her,' Dorcas said bowing her head.
 She had landed with much more grace then Bri and was still on her feet. Xander looked at the fae in disbelief. 'Dorcas,' he said 'It has been years.' 
'I take it you know each other,' Bri said a little disgruntled that Dorcas had received a better reception then she.
 She watched them both embrace as Surrial came to her side. 'She is the princess of the fae’s. She and my Lord were playmates as children.' 
Bri tried to hide her surprise from the angel, but she knew by his smile she had not managed it. Then his smile fell from his lips as he lifted his head, looking towards the edge of the wood. 'I hate to break up this happy reunion, but we should really be going.' 
'He is right,' Dorcas agreed her own eyes watching the wood. 'Dryad is at the palace now, but is unable to wear the crown until you are dead. You need to leave here now.' 
Xander pulled away from her his face beginning to twist in anger. 'I am not leaving. I am going up there to kill him,' he said defiantly.
 'You kill him, you’ll lose the Scales and we all die. He is a powerful man my Lord, he will crush you,' Dorcas replied.
 And for the first time since Bri had known him Surrial nodded in agreement. 'It is better for us we get the Scales first. Once we have them he will lose his hold on us.' 
She stood in amazement at the way Dorcas worked Surrial to her point of view. However, Xander was proving harder to convince has he made his way towards his Ebony. 'I am not a coward. I will not run like one.'
 Dorcas suddenly grabbed Bri sharply by the arm. 'Kiss him,' she hissed. 
'What?' Bri looked at her 'Why?'
'I am a fae so it will not work. Mer charm is stronger and potent. It will knock him cold.' 
'Something is coming.' Surrial said urgently. His wings were now open and ready for combat.
 'I can't,' Bri said. 'I don't know how to use them.' 
Dorcas pulled her towards her. Her face was still calm, but her brown eyes were flashing almost black with impatience. 'Close your eyes and summon up the very thing you want the most. Then kiss him. You can and must do it.' 
 Bri did what she asked. At first she felt nothing and she closed her eyes tighter. She had to focus. Then, slowly a warm tingle began to build up inside her stomach slowly working its way through her body. In her mind’s eye she pictured her heart’s desire and then opening her eyes she felt her whole being was on fire. She turned towards Xander, who in turn had stopped mid-mount. He began to walk towards her almost like a zombie. Bri could not believe it was working. She grabbed his body and pushed her lips on to his. His body gave a small shudder then went limp in her arms. As she let him fall she saw Surrial and Dorcas walking backwards slowly towards them. She looked to where their eyes were fixed and frowned. Why were the woods on fire? Then she saw inside the flames there were figures.
 'Salamanders,' Surrial hissed.
 She watched his hands work in a circular motion forming a ball of pale blue green light. He then threw it and she saw the first line of the salamanders explode into smouldering dust. But there was more behind them. 'Where is your ship,' Dorcas whispered through clenched teeth. 
'Where we met you,' Bri replied. 
'I can carry the Prince,' Surrial offered. 
'Well do it.' she ordered. 
They watched as Surrial gathered Xander into his arms, and spreading his wings out like a majestic eagle as he rose into the sky. 'If we go into the water?' Dorcas suggested. 
'We can't. I'll change,' Bri protested. 
'Well I am no angel I cannot take passengers,' 
'Can't we dissipate?' Bri asked.
 She could now smell the burning of foliage and wood as the salamanders grew closer. 'Well do you have something of the ship?' Dorcas asked hope filing her face. 
Bri reached around her neck, her heart sinking as she realised she had given the whistle to Eyes. 'No I don't,’ she said.
 'Don't be sscared my Lady. Dryad wantss you alive,' one of the salamanders hissed.
 'Don't faes do magick?' Bri asked, desperately. 
'I can't do this on my own,' Dorcas answered. 
'Well for Hecate’s sake try something,' Bri demanded.
 Dorcas moved away from her 'WATER!' she shouted.
 She was right it was not enough it merely knocked a couple to the floor and made them even angrier. Suddenly a salamander flew towards them with great force causing the two princesses to scream and grab for one another. 

Chapter Twelve

The scene outside the palace window filled Dryad with satisfaction. Demeter was burning in their own riches. His salamanders were working their magick to their best ability. Dragons circled the skies with salamander generals bellowing out orders. The angels had been defeated and with Tatiana’s magick they were now imprisoned. The wizards, however, were needed more and were held hostage inside the throne room waiting to crown him. It was something he had not anticipated, the rejection of a crown, and Prince Xander needed to die for him to claim it. Damn Zolar magick. Two generals entered the throne room disturbing his thoughts. 'What do you want?' he demanded. 
'The Prince and Princesss were sspotted outsside Demeter,' one of them hissed. 
'And?' he asked. He had hoped that they had come to him. 
'They got away,'
'WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY GOT AWAY?' he yelled suddenly, causing the wizards to draw closer together.
 'The Princesss wasss more then we bargained for,' the generals pleaded.
 'Leave and get me a dragon ready,' he yelled. 
They bowed their way out of the room. He desperately needed to go back to Nepta and find out if his mother knew what protected the Princess. If he didn’t find out it meant that he was weaker and he could not afford to leave anything to chance. He turned toward the group of wizards and pulled one of them away. 'What do you know about the Princess and who she travels with?' he asked. The old wizard’s shook his head, his lips tightening. 'I said what do you know?' Dryad said evenly, his face close to the old mans.
 'She travels with a basic crew,' he mumbled. 
'You are lying,' Dryad answered. 
'No. no I swear,' he protested. 
'Tell me what and who the crew are then?' Dryad asked trying a different tact.
 The wizard looked behind him at the others. 'She travels with a dwarf, a gypsy, and possibly an elf, although we are unsure. He has the most hideously large eyes and there are two more and we don't know what they are.' 
Dryad frowned. 'Two?' he asked.
 The wizard nodded. 'All I can tell you is that the one named Orlson is the closest to her. He has been with her since birth.' 
'And you don't know what he is?' Dryad asked again. 
'I am not a reader. Only angels can do that.' 
‘And the other?’
‘They or he is a mystery to even us.’
Dryad tuned away from the old man and walked back to the window, this could be the one Tatiana was worried about.
 'The dragon is ready my Lord,' one of the generals said hurrying into the room.
 Dryad hated flying dragons they never gave a smooth ride. The red and orange beast growled in protest at being ridden, but maintained its path towards the now smoking volcano at Nepta, another side effect to the Scales being taken. 
Dryad stumbled off its back once it landed and made an unsteady retreat to his mother’s caves. The caves stank of rotting fish and seaweed and he felt his throat tighten, as his stomach threatened to empty. He could not wait for his new life in the splendour of Zolar away from all this damp and rot. He could hear his mother singing voice and with it came the comforting feeling of dread that came from being near her. 'Why are you here Dryad? Have you lost the taste for Zolar already?'
 Tatiana sat in her usual place near the pool and he had to admit she looked worse then she usual did. Her seaweed dress had lost its shine and slime, as though she was starting to dry out. 'The princess travels with two that are of unknown origin. But the closest is called Orlson. Dryad said. 
'And you think he is the one with the power?' Tatiana asked as she lifted her gaze from to pool to him. 'She travels with a very powerful being called the Trio,' she waited for some recognition from Dryad and when she got none she carried on. 'He was born one person, but as a child his mother could not cope with the extremities of his personalities and asked the Goddess Hecate to help her...' 
'Wait! The goddess nor the gods do anything for us in Celestia anymore,' Dryad interrupted.
 Clearly irritated Tatiana continued. 'As I was saying she took him to the lost temple of Hecate and begged for her help and she gave it, she turned one child into three, however the goddess only did what was asked and did not tell the mother they would be able to become one when they pleased. So they were abandoned and brought up with the basic skills to survive. They are cold blood killers and faithful to no one,' 
'Except the princess,' Dryad added.
 Tatiana shrugged her slimy shoulders. 'All I know is what is legend, their loyalty is their weakness,' suddenly she banged her hands on to the floor. 'Damn it why can I just not see?' she snapped.
 Dryad made to walk towards her, but as he did he fell to his knees, slicing his hands on the sharp rocks that surrounded the pool. He grabbed his hand in pain as blood began to pour from his hands. 'Give me your hand,' Tatiana demanded grabbing his hand.
 'Ow! What?' he almost cried. 
'Your blood is doing something. I need more,' she gasped.
 He winced as his mother squeezed his hand of its blood. He watched blindly as the blood floated upon the pool surface like oil. He had not inherited his mother’s sight and could not see what she could. Suddenly she gave out an almighty scream, shaking the cave around them. Dryad clutched his ears. 'Get out,' his mother screamed at him. 'Get out now.' 
He stumbled to his feet, as he saw pure fear on his mother’s face, something he had never seen in his life. What had she seen? His mother was not easily scared so should he be

Chapter Thirteen

Bri and Dorcas hit the deck of the Crux with a thud. Both princesses looked up and saw they had landed on top of Orlson, his face white with shock. 'It seems you did have something that had been left here,' Dorcas said wryly.
 Bri and Orlson’s eyes met as they were close enough to kiss and she was sure he could feel her heart pounding against his chest. Embarrassed, she glanced at Dorcas and tried to hide her blushes as she got to her feet. Surrial had also just landed with a still unconscious Xander in his arms. 'What has just happened? And what is wrong with the prince?' Orlson managed to say, also getting to his feet.
 'We got attacked by salamanders. Dorcas here helped me get away?' Bri said. 
'And the Prince?' he repeated. 
'Mer- charm. Bri kissed him, knocked him out cold,' Dorcas said laughing. 
Bri noticed Orlson’s face darken and yet again there was the awkwardness that was constantly plaguing them.
 'I am going to take him into the cabin,' Surrial said breathlessly as he passed them.
 Bri turned to find Clues; it was easier to avoid what was happening between them then to face it. Not now anyway. 'Clues,' she shouted.
 'I'm on it. Hades, here we come,' he yelled back. 
After checking on the prince both Dorcas and Bri sat in her own cabin. She poured some wine into a goblet and handed it to Dorcas, who took it with both hands gratefully. 'Cheers,' she said raising her own goblet.
 'Cheers,' Dorcas replied. 'I don't understand how we managed to get here, when you said you had nothing of the ship on you,' Dorcas said. Bri shrugged taking a mouthful of wine. 'Although the connection does not have to be a material object. Maybe you left your heart here?' she speculated. 
Bri could feel the fae’s eyes boring into her. 'I have always loved this ship,' she managed to say 'My father used to say I would sell my kingdom to save her,' 
Dorcas gave her a grin 'Mm, maybe,' 
'You don't sound convinced,' Bri said. 
'I've just never known a love strong enough for a ship to enable me to connect with it. After all I love my home, but I cannot just dissipate there without something to help me do it. I assumed it was Xander, but we landed before he did. So, if you say it's the ship then who am I to argue,' Dorcas said raising her hands. 
Bri gave a small breath of relief. She could not help but like Dorcas, there was so much to her that reminded her of herself. That did not mean she wanted her to know everything about her. 'You are not what I expected a fae princess to be like,' Bri asked changing the subject. 
'What all flowery and giggly,' Dorcas laughed. 'You're not the only one who does not use her title.' 
Bri shot her a surprised look. 'What makes you think I'm a princess?' 
'Apart from the commitment band to the prince. It also takes a princess to know a princess. We have a certain glow,' Dorcas explained. 
'But I didn't know you,' Bri started. 
'You do not accept who you are. You hide from being a princess and a mer. Whereas, I accept that once Xander is crowned High king I will become the queen of the fae’s.' 
Bri sighed. 'I've been told this is a problem before.' 
Dorcas put down her cup and took Bri’s hand, she was unused to this sort of affection especially from a stranger, yet she did not try to pull away. 'It is only problem if you suppress it too long. Suppression is very dangerous. But you are not the only one, Xander is half fae he should be able to control the basic four elements as I do, but I think the privilege of court has not given him course to learn. I can stay if you want and help him.'
 Bri smiled and nodded. 'That would be good. We just have to wait for him to wake up,' and the two princesses laughed. 
Xander’s head throbbed as he tried to rise from his bed. He felt as though he had spent the night on the Unicorn Juice again. Then he caught a flash of memory at Briganti's lips on his and he remembered. 'Briganti,' He mumbled. 
'Princess Briganti is safe, she is on the deck,' Surrial said, trying to get him to rise more slowly.
 'Stay still,' a familiar voice said. 'Give your head time to catch up.' 
'Dorcas,' he whispered.
 He then remembered seeing her on the beach. He had not seen her since his teens; they had played together as tots, but time had come for her to start her own royal training. Each kingdom having its own minor king or queen, she would inherit the fae kingdom at his own father’s death. That had been the last time they had seen each other. He still remembered the day she left. They had argued, because of his prevalent mood swings and she had shouted at him to remove his head from his arse before storming off. He had so much to make up for. He should never have treated her that way.  
It did not take too long for Xander to find the strength to sit himself straight and talk without his speech being slurred. 'I am sorry I was so rude and pig headed,' he said quietly. Dorcas sat beside him and took his hand in hers. 'It is understandable, but your parents would not want you to risk your life in a pointless battle, not when the solution is someplace else.' 
'I know you are right. I just never expected to be King so soon,' he said mournfully.
 'Nobody does. Bri has had to come to terms with it as well.' she said. Xander hung his head in shame. He had been so mean to her and yet she too would be still grieving.
 'Look do not worry too much about it,' Dorcas continued. 'I need to know when the last time you used your elemental magick,'
'What do you mean?' Xander asked looking at Surrial with a puzzled face. 
‘Have you been taught how to control and use your basic fae magick?' Dorcas asked already knowing the answer.
 'No I have never needed to,' He said. 
'I suppose it’s easier to allow angels to fight your battles,' she said a little too sharply. 'Look it is ok,' she said more softly. 'I will help you. 
Orlson watched as Bri emerged from below decks and hurried towards her. He had not forgotten the issue concerning the whistle and it had done nothing but play on his mind since their return. 'Bri,' he signalled to her. 'I see you gave Clues your whistle,' 
'Yes,’ she said dismissively, her attention on the sky. 'He said he had left his on board so I sent Eyes with mine,'
'What,' Orlson said with renewed shock. 'You had another made?' 
Bri turned away from the sky and looked with annoyance at her friend. 'And the problem is?' she almost snapped. 
Orlson felt his temper rise, something that was very rare when it came to her, becoming more common the further they travelled. 'My problem is that as your guardian I should have had one, not Clues.’
 This time Bri turned to face him fully. 'First, Clues is my First Mate and secondly, you are my guardian and if I get captured you will no doubt be with me. As always,' she added. 
The crew had stopped doing their jobs and were now watching them both nervously. 'So what you are saying is that I'm suffocating you, and I hang on to you like a leech?' he said defensively. 
Bri crossed her arms over her chest. 'Hecate! You are now just twisting things. But come to think of it I may as well call you Shadow rather than Orlson,' she said back. 
Orlson felt the heat rise to his face. 'Well if you did not insist on playing the poor tortured princess then I wouldn’t have to constantly watch your back,' He began to shout.
 'What do you mean by that?' Bri hissed her fists clenching as she let them fall to her sides.
 Orlson clutched is chest. 'Oh poor me. I'm a princess with everything I could ever want,' he mocked. 
The crew gasped in shock as they watched Orlson hit the floor by Bri’s hand. 'How dare you,' she screamed standing over him. 'You think I have everything I want, well, you really don’t know me at all.' 
Orlson looked up at her from the floor his cheek stinging from her fists. Normally her tear filled eyes would have melted him, but he was beyond it now. 'Oh my heart bleeds,' he hissed. 'Maybe you should learn to accept things as they are and then you will find you have exactly what you want.' 
Bri opened her mouth to speak. She fought the urge to tell him then and there. She wanted him, but there was no point. He was beyond her reach and he would soon no longer belong to her.
 'Briganti,' Xander’s voice coming from below broke the moment and as Orlson pulled himself to his feet and the crew rushed back to their stations.
 Bri hurriedly dried her eyes on the back of her sleeve and put on her best fake smile. Orlson glared in the prince’s direction as he made his way below. 'Dorcas has told me what I need to do,' he said excitedly oblivious to what had just taken place, but Dorcas, who followed seemed to sense it.
 'The elemental magick?' Bri asked. Dorcas nodded.
 'We are going to practice if you don't mind,' she said touching Bri’s shoulder.
 'Yes that is fine,' Bri answered.
 She was barely listening and went to where Clues stood. She flexed her fingers to ease the pain in them. Never in her life had she struck him in temper. Never had he given her reason to. She wished with all her heart she could have had a sibling. Then she would have gladly abdicated her right to the throne and given herself to Orlson and as long as they had the Crux and her crew she would be the happiest woman in Celestia, but that was impossible. There was no one else. It was her right and her right alone.
Xander stood with his eyes closed as Dorcas had told him to do. He imagined the sound and feel of the rain on his skin and the sea filling his insides, then opening his eyes he said 
'Water!' 
Red flames escaped his hands hitting an empty barrel. Dorcas put the fire out just as Bri yelled at them. 'What in Hecate's name do you think you're doing? Could you not have started with water? This is my wooden ship you’re on.' 
'That is what I was doing?' Xander apologized. 
'Well looked like a fire to me,' she snapped before disappearing below.
 Dorcas took him by the arm. 'Don't worry too much. It might be safer for you to practice once we hit land.' She said.
 The Third passed them, his arms filled with brushes and buckets and struggling to stay on his feet. 'I wonder what is wrong?’ Xander said realising Briganti was not in the best of moods. The Third tripped and the sound of the buckets crashing filled their ears
. 'Ppprincess and Orlson had a big fight. She punched him, your Highness,' He said hurriedly as Dorcas tried to help him.
 'Is it me or is their relationship odd?' Xander asked.
 Dorcas shrugged. 'We were close once,' 
'Yes we were, but he is to her what Surrial is to me and we do not treat each other in an informal manner like that,' Xander mused.
‘She is bound to you and that’s all that matters,’ Dorcus offered.
‘Yes, but she never looks at me like she looks at him.’
 If they had not bumped into Dorcas he felt put out and angry at the obvious chemistry between Briganti and her guardian. But he could not be a hypercritical, especially when he still had feelings for his own childhood sweetheart. Just seeing her again stirred up old emotions he thought were dead. Her dark hair cropped short still shone in the sunlight and her skin glowed. She knew him better than he knew himself and he loved her for it. This marriage was set to be doomed. Why on earth did their parents have to interfere? Why could they not have waited until they were old enough to make that decision on their own?

Chapter Fourteen

To everyone’s relief the sky darkened as the Crux silently cut through the smooth sea like a hot knife through butter. Her passengers, apart from Eyes and the Second, who was manning the wheel, had finally given into their exhausted body clocks and were sleeping. The wind gently blew her delicate sails and as dark clouds began to block out the weak sun and moon, rain began to fall on to the dry wood that was her body. Never in her life had she known such anger and resentment sitting deep within her boughs. She had been to lands afar and seen many things as well as many weathers. Her companions loved her and she knew it. Her body was well maintained and even when they climbed her it was done with care and grace. And she loved them too. It was her job to see them safe and she was proud to do so. Her life had been filled with adventure, love and laughter and all that had changed since she had carried her beloved owner to meet her betrothed. Now her heart ached as she was steered towards the unknown.
Below, inside his swinging hammock, Orlson tossed and turned, threatening at any moment to fall out. In his dreams, he was inside a dark place that stank of rotting flesh. Then odd flashes allowed him to catch a glimpse of a place that he had never seen in his life, but it gave him chills to be there. He could also hear a warm voice calling him. He then heard Bri calling his name and as he neared her face was filled with disgust and horror at him. She was falling on her knees and begging him not to do it, yet he could not escape the look in her eyes. She hated him. 
'LAND AHOY!' 
His eyes snapped open at Eyes’ holler, struggling to his feet he kicked the First, who was beneath him. 'Watch what you're doing, you idiot,' he snapped. 
'Sorry' Orlson mumbled, eventually finding his footing. 
'You will be, pretty boy,' the First sneered. 
'Whatever First,' He replied making his way to the stairwell. 
Bri reached the deck to be greeted with the familiar smell of home. Gunpowder and burning fires mixed with the fresh rain gave her that warming feeling. Dorcas came up beside her, wrapping a cloak Bri had lent her around her shoulders. 'Is this Hades?' she asked. 
'Yes it is,' Bri said almost too defensively. 
'It is fantastic. I think I rule the wrong kingdom.' Bri looked at her with surprise, a Zolar complimenting Zilva. 'What?' Dorcas asked noticing Bri’s surprised stare.
 'Nothing, it’s something I did not expect you to say,' Bri said smiling. 
Dorcas shrugged. 'How long will we be staying?' 
'It seems to be night here, though at the moment it is hard to tell, and we are all over the place at the moment. We will go in the morning at least give us time for some rest.' 
Once the Crux was safely docked, the crew quickly scattered, not before Bri threw out instructions to meet at dawn. Surrial stood protectively over Xander as though he was gold. 'I do not want you out of my sight,' Surrial said stiffly, eyeing his surroundings with unease.
 'You will find an inn called The Royal Moon. You will find it suitable,' Bri said, not hiding her growing frustration at their attitude.
 Dorcas took her arm. 'Why don't you show me what so famous about this island,' she offered. 
'Orlson!'
 Bri closed her eyes and gritted her teeth at high squeal that belonged to Croenda. She turned just in time to see Orlson catch the woman in mid leap with a grunt. Her black hair hung wet and long from the rain as she began to shower Orlson with kisses, her breast threatening to fall out of the low cut dress that she wore.  'What took you so long?' she asked as he let drop to her feet. But then her face changed as her hands ran down his arm, 'This is supposed to be off. She was supposed to married,' she spat nodding in Bri’s direction.
 Bri made to speak, however, Dorcas stopped her. 'So, these inns,' she said dragging her away from the potential fight. 
Xander and Surrial walked through the ramshackle streets of Hades. Music and song also filled the air mixed with smell of cooked pig and other animals. Rain, having turned the streets underfoot to mud made it difficult to walk. Small fires burned in the streets cooked fish and pigs and made Xander’s stomach grumble, but Surrial urged them to wait until they reached the inn. Outside the huts, goblins and gypsies gambled drunkenly with dice and cards, which brought cheers and shouts. Xander began to have some understanding to why Briganti was the way she was. This was a world away from the civilized streets of Zolar, or at least it used to be. He shook the thought of home from his mind, he needed to keep focused. Finally, they spotted an old thatched building that seemed to be brimming with activity. The sign outside told them it was the inn Bri had recommended. Once inside, they both spotted a table in the corner where Orlson, Clues, Eyes and the woman who had bounded past them at the dock were sitting. By the way she was all over Orlson, Xander guessed that she was Croenda. The landlady welcomed them with open arms and found them room to sleep in, telling them to take a seat and she would bring food and drinks over. It was so rare to find a place run by a woman, but it was easy to see she was not one to be messed with. She was small in stature, but she had a look of murder in her eye if pushed. 
Tiredness came quickly to Surrial as he sat down. His dreams on the ship had been filled with nightmares mixed with individual vibrations of the crew. The princess, Briganti, he found frustrating and tiresome, but he had to admit her strength was something to be envied and that deserved some of his respect. After all, he would have to learn to love her as his High Queen, even if the chemistry between her and her guardian, which was so obvious, disturbed him. Something was not right about that man and as he sat beside him and watched him being pawed by a tramp of a woman he trusted him even less.
 'Nice to meet you your majesty.' he heard the woman called Croenda say to Prince Xander.
 'Nice to meet you too, I have heard so much about you,' Xander replied. 
'Really?’ the woman screeched. 'All good I hope. Although it depends who did the talking,’ she said cryptically ‘Well I must go, it is my turn to entertain the crowds.' 
Surrial watched with a curl of his lip as she provocatively moved past the Prince and for once he agreed with the Princess’s opinion, this woman was hateful. 
Bri and Dorcas entered the inn just as Croenda was just starting her song. Bri felt her mood drop as she watched her walk towards where Orlson and Xander sat, both engrossed in her dance moves. 'Typical, give them a bit of flesh and their anybodies,' Dorcas commented, pulling Bri towards the bar. 'Two Unicorn Juices,' she said to the landlady.
 The landlady looked at Bri and took her hand gently. 'Give my respects to your mother, Briganti, these are on the house.' 
'Thanks I appreciate it,' Bri replied turning back toward the room. 
'She is a gypsy right?' Dorcas asked, eyeing Croenda.
 Bri nodded gulping down her drink. It was becoming apparent standing there watching Croenda and Orlson, that this is the life he will live once she marries. They would no doubt have children, many children. Would they be like him or her? She grabbed the jug and downed its contents, she could not think about it anymore. 'Hey. You'll be ill in the morning,' Dorcas said grabbing the jug from her. 'Look, let’s show these men how we royals do things.' 
Bri glanced at her. 'What do you mean?'
 Dorcas merely smiled and dragged her off. 
Xander could see Surrial was tired and made to get up and leave when suddenly in the middle of Croenda's song and dance, a familiar pair of voices rose above her. Both he and Orlson sat up their seats with shock for on top of the bar, Dorcas and Briganti stood singing Croenda’s song and judging by her face, Croenda was fuming, as the crowd jumped up and began to cheer. He had not ever seen either of them so relaxed and they were both glowing, he sensed a little charm was being worked in attempt to steal the light from Croenda and it was working. But for what purpose he had no idea, she was not a patch on either of them. The men in the inn were now on their feet as the two princesses danced on the tables. Croenda, giving up, succumbed to placing herself beside Orlson, but he too got to his feet to watch them. It seemed the place had come alive and the more they danced, the more the place cheered.

Chapter Fourteen

Orlson sat inside Croenda’s house relieved she had at last stopped ranting about the commitment band and also Bri and Dorcas’ pub performance. He had not been able to help but smile at what they were doing, especially when they had come to their table and given both he and Xander a kiss. He had caught a wink from Bri and he hoped that the action meant their argument was now over. He listened to Croenda busy herself in the kitchen and he sat back in the chair and allowed Marx, her blue fur ball cat to wrap himself around his legs. Croenda’s home had been in her family for generations and though considered by some ramshackle, it was much studier then some. Books and aged jars filled shelves along with pictures of family members gone by. A large open fire roared beside where he sat and above it was a stuffed shark’s head that apparently her father had caught when she was young. Orlson had always hated the thing, with its jaws wide open threatening to devoir him and with that thought it dawned on him that this house could full well become his home.
 Croenda came in from the kitchen and sat herself on his knee, stroking his hair with her hand. 'I know we said we would leave it. But all I want to know is how much longer before we can marry?'
 He looked at her brown eyes, he did find her attractive. She was the polar opposite to Bri, with her dark gypsy looks and dark alluring eyes. Her figure was much fuller and curvier then Bri; however, they both had the feisty attitude and maybe that was what he liked in her. She reminded him of Bri, although he would be stupid to ever admit that to her. He did like Croenda and even desired her, but loving her was so different, not when he had already given his heart away years before they had met. 'Is there any rush?' he said softly. 'We are alright as we are, aren't we?' 
He felt her hand stiffen on the back of his neck and he too tensed. 'Dinner is ready,' she said shortly and went back to the kitchen. 
Orlson dragged his body to the table and rubbed his head, this was going to a long night, he could tell. She came back from the kitchen and dropped the wooden bowl full of hot soup before him, almost spilling it and then sat down opposite. Orlson picked up his spoon and began to eat, but then the sound of Croenda’s spoon hitting the table made him jump once more.
 'Do you want to leave her?' she asked her eyes ready to spill tears.
 'I have no choice, but to leave her. But what does it matter as long as we are together,' he answered wearily.
 He did not fancy having another fight with anyone else and he had kind of hoped that this would have been a much better night than what it was tuning into. 'Oh I see, because you have no choice but to leave her, then it is ok for me to have you?' she said sarcastically. 
Orlson pushed his dish away and sat back in his chair. 'That is not what I said,' he tried to reason, seeing tears fall down her cheeks.
 He hated seeing her cry. He never knew how to handle the tears. He pushed back his chair and went to comfort her but she pulled away. 'I can't be second best Orlson. Tell me that you love me that is all I want,' she cried. 
'Croenda, please,' he pleaded. 
'Tell me I’m not second best. Tell me that you love me.' 
His throat tightened as he tried to form the words. Could he really lie to her? Was it fair to do that?
 However, his silence caused her to stop crying and he saw nervously that her brown eyes had turned hard and cold. 'Orlson, are you a prince?' she asked calmly. Far too calmly. 
'You know I'm not,' he answered. 
'Well, unless you are, you will never be with her. Never, and the sooner you realise that I am the best you are ever going to get, the better everything will be.' 
She turned, slamming the door behind her, leaving him to sink his tired and confused body into the chair. 

Chapter Fifteen

'Surrial I have done it,' Xander said excitedly. 
Surrial had covered him with a shield so he could practice his magick without causing damage to anything. Now Xander stood with a ball of water floating within his hand.
 'Good my Lord. Just air and earth to master next,' Surrial smiled.
 'Well Dorcas said if I master fire and water it will be enough to get me through the salamanders,' Xander replied yawning. 
Surrial banished the sphere allowing the Prince to climb into his bed, where as soon as his head hit the pillow he fell to sleep. He had watched the Xander grow from boy to man and there had been many times he had been exasperated by him. When Surrial had first been given the job of watching the Prince he had been resentful. He had expected to be soldier not pandering to a spoilt boy, but being angel he had to obey and his was to watch the future king and had grown fond. Watching him sleep now he felt his chest swell in pride and Dorcus returning into Xander’s life had certainly done wonders to boost the Prince’s confidence.
After losing and winning a hand in a game of dice, Dorcas and Bri went outside to get some fresh night air. 'Did you see Croenda’s face,' Bri laughed.
 Dorcas smiled. 'It taught her not mess with mer and fae royalty. You don't like her at all do you?' Dorcas said, dodging a drunkard that had collapsed in the mud.
'I have no feelings for her whatsoever,' Bri said. Dorcas stopped and looked at her.
'What?' Bri asked. 
'The law about royals only marrying royal really suck doesn't it?' Dorcas said randomly, starting to walk again. 
'It is not an issue for me,' Bri answered following her.
‘So, what do you think about Xander now you have met?' Dorcas asked.
 Bri noticed in the poor light her wings had lost their speed and she could almost make out the delicate patterns of swirls upon them. 'I like him, but we are opposites. I am sure we will love each other in time,' Bri said. 'But what about you, you have known him since childhood. You must be close.' 
It was Dorcas turn to look uncomfortable. 'Are we friends?' she asked.
 'Of course we are,' Bri reassured her with a smile. 
'We always believed we would marry one day. He was told that the band he wore was because he was the heir, but then when we were fourteen he was told about his betrothal and he went off the rails. He became so angry at everyone including me, but I had my own duties and at the same time I was to be sent away for my training and we left under a cloud.' 
Although she was smiling, Bri could see there were tears in her eyes. Bri led her to a nearby bench where they both sat. 'Do you still love him?' she asked. 
Dorcas took her time before she answered. 'If I am honest I have never stopped. But and it is a big but, I respect what you and he have to do and would never get in the way of that.' 
Bri looked into the darkness of the sea. Why did this have to be? If Dorcas and Xander loved each other, who was she to stand in the way. 

Chapter Sixteen

Zilvas sun barely made it up from the horizon and Bri could tell by the swift breeze there were storms ahead. Dryads’ meddling was starting to take effect. Pulling her coat around her she waited for Dorcas to prepare for leave. She felt sad at having to say goodbye to her new found friend. She had grown so close to her so quickly, something she rarely did with women. The company of men always felt safer. 'I can't believe you're not going to stay with us.' 
'I am needed in Zolar. I have a kingdom to protect. Surrial says Xander has mastered water and fire, so there is no need for me to stay and you have a good crew and a special guardian,' Dorcas replied and Bri found herself smiling at her intended meaning.
'Are you sure you will get there safe?' Bri asked.
 Dorcas held out her hand to show a ring that looked like tanzanite. 'This is wood from my birth tree. Where ever I am in Celestia, I will always get home.' 
The princesses hugged each other warmly. 'It was a pleasure to meet you my Queen,' Dorcas said bowing respectively. 
Bri followed suit. 'As it was you my Lady.' 
They both smiled with a mutual understanding of where the other would stand in their lives and with flash Dorcas disappeared in a wave of gold dust. Soon the crew began to arrive and she noticed with an exasperated sigh the battered and bruised state of the Trio. 'Should I even bother asking?' she asked Decks who was leading him to the ship.
 'Not really. You've heard the story,' He mumbled. 
Behind them Surrial and Xander followed, though he looked exhausted, he had developed confident glow that was so different to the vain one he usual wore. She presumed this was due to him tapping into his new found power. 'Has Dorcas gone already?' Xander asked.
 'Can't you tell by the dust,' she replied laughing and waving some of the remaining flecks away from her face. 'She told me you have mastered water and fire,'
'Within the safety of spheres,' Surrial added with a proud smile.
 Bri had not ever seen him smile and seeing it she began to see another warmer, softer side to him, which she could quite like. Turning towards the ship she saw the sails fill quickly as Clues let them drop. This ride was going to be rough and they needed to go soon. She watched the figure of Eyes climbing his way to the nest, it was then she realised someone was missing. 'Where is Orlson?' she shouted as she boarded the ship. 
'Isn't that him coming with Croenda?' Clues said standing beside her.
 She felt her heart start to sink as she saw them walking arm in arm. Just like any other couple who were in love and judging by the smile on her face, Croenda was coming with news she was not going to like. 'I can smell wedding bells,' the Second said now separated from his brothers coming to see. 
'Shut up you prat,' the First snarled. 
'Princess doesn't like Miss Croenda. You know that,' the Third added. 
Orlson could tell by the thunderous look on Bri's face she was not in the mood to hear his news as he and Croenda approached. This was something he was not looking forward to doing, but Croenda had insisted. ‘This the only way I am ever going to believe that you want to be with me,’ she had said. He had lain beside her that night and while she had slept he had could not shake the impending sense of doom that was sitting inside his stomach. He was damned no matter which path he chose.  'Finally, I thought you were never coming,' Bri said trying to keep her tone light.
 'Well you see that is why we are here,' Croenda said.
 Bri ignored her and purposefully looked at Orlson. 'We need to get going, a storm is brewing,' she said. 
'Orlson tell her,' Croenda pushed, her hands folding across her chest.
 Bri turned toward her, unable to ignore her any longer. 'Look, Croenda, why don't you just mind your own business and leave Orlson to do his duty.' 
The two women were now facing each other and uneasy silence fell behind them as the crew stopped to watch something that had been brewing for many years. Orlson knew he needed to step in and do what he and Croenda had discussed; however, now he was here in front of Bri he could not bring himself to do it. In fact all he wanted was to get on that damn ship and away from them both.
 'That's the thing Princess. He has done his duty. You have chosen to postpone your wedding, not Orlson. Your prince is with you. So there is no need for Orlson to be with you at all,' Croenda challenged. 
'He stays with me until his band breaks,' Bri threw. 
'He stays with you. What is he a possession?' Croenda cried out almost laughing. 
'I never said that, what I meant is...' 
'What you mean is, is because you can't have him no-one else can.' 
The slap happened before Bri realised she had moved her hand. She instantly regretted it, she could see by the smirk it was exactly what Croenda was hoping for.
 'Now that was out of order Bri,' Orlson said stepping in between them, the attack springing him into action.
 'Oh come on Orlson, she has been begging for it since we landed.' Bri said. 
'No, she was a telling you the way it is. We have come here to tell you we are getting married today so I'm staying here,' 
'You can't,' Bri whispered, her voice catching in her throat. 
'I think you'll find he can,' Croenda said linking arms with Orlson.
 Orlson removed her hand and took Bri by the shoulders and looked into the now water green eyes. He had to do this. He had to save himself from her. 'When this is over you and Prince Xander will marry and live happily ever after. My job is done. I swore to protect you and I have done that, please let me live my life,' 
'But Croenda? Marriage?' 
'I love her.' It was as though he had raised his fist and punched her deep in the heart with those three words. 'So will you let me go, Bri?' he asked. 
'It is your Highness,'
'What?' he asked unsure he had heard her correctly, though seeing the crew behind her begin to huddle together told him her had not.
'I said, it is your Highness,' she repeated. Looking at him coldly and her head held high. Orlson began to laugh. 'You are kidding?'
'You made a promise to your king that you would stay with me until I wed and since I clearly have not. You will board the ship and that is an order.' 
Xander moved towards them both. 'Briganti is it really that important? Why don't you just let...’ his sentence trailed off has he was met with the coldest stare he had ever encountered. He quickly shuffled back amongst the crew.
 'You can't make him do anything.' Croenda started to scream. 
Bri smiled at her smartly. 'You'll find I can,' she said. 'In fact, I command it.' 
Orlson felt his insides turn, he felt hurt and humiliated and this was by someone he thought he loved. 'Are you pulling rank on me?' he asked. 
'I am merely ordering you to board the ship,' Bri answered steadily.
 He looked at her with different eyes, before pushing past her and boarding the ship.
 'I always knew you were a spiteful bitch,' Croenda hissed in her face. 'This time though, everyone else sees it now.'
 Bri looked back at her crew and the prince and saw shock and disgust in their eyes. But she did not care if they were going to succeed in beating Dryad they would need everyone and it meant everyone. 


Chapter Sixteen

The only thing that glowed in the stormy sky was the volcano peak on Nepta in the far distance. The sea had become rougher as they approached where the mers ruled and the psyren’s owned the sea. Rain had beaten both the ship and its crew for most of the two days journey so much so Bri had taken the decision to drop anchor at the Isle of The Face. It had taken much convincing to land at the desolate island. It was an island reputed to be haunted by a heartbroken princess, back when the Celestia was young and because of its position it had always been unclear who owned it. But then, so fearsome was its history, nobody wished to claim it either. However, today, they had no choice. They could not sail through psyren waters in a storm, and they would sink within minutes. 
The land was almost barren as they stepped off the ship with just a few trees and plants and all that stood out from the greenery was a small cottage with a smoking chimney, high upon a rocky hill. 'You're kidding?' Xander said 'Even I have heard stuff about this place.'
'Well, we are not going anywhere ‘til this storm passes. What’s the harm in just going and having a look?' Bri smiled.
 Everyone looked at her not convinced. That is everyone except Orlson; he had taken himself below and out of the way since they had left Hades and now he stood with her he wished not to look her way. 'Well I'll go alone,' she said finally. 
Clues and Decks remained on the ship as the others trudge their way through rocks and mud begrudgedly. Orlson keeping to his oath had no choice but to follow. He and Bri had not spoken since boarding and he had decided keeping clear from her was the best thing. The way she had spoken to him had made him see her in a different light and coupled with the reoccurring dreams of darkness and Bri’s horror filled face, his mood was not getting any better. 
Surrial, as they walked, stepped back a little from the group, enabling him to watch every one of them rather than just the prince. During the argument between Briganti and Orlson, Briganti had let her internal wall fall slightly and he had managed to read her. She was in deep turmoil, her inner grief was immense and not just for the death of her father, but there was a deep tug of war between her duty to her kingdom and who she really wanted to be. She was a free spirit and Surrial feared that if captured before she was ready, she would either explode or implode. She was a time bomb waiting to go off. Yet, whereas before he had little time for her, he now understood her guarded nature and had no doubt that she would become a great queen, but not married to Xander. 
Eventually after what had seemed miles and miles of wild woodland they arrived at the base of the hill and saw a swamp was blocking their path, with no obvious way across. The Trio started to turn back. 'Oh, what a shame, it looks like we have to turn back,' he mumbled. The others began to follow his lead clearly relieved.
 'Wait!' Bri stopped them. 'Xander, I know you have not mastered earth magick yet, but try and summon some rocks,' 
'What is the point?' Xander argued, 'Let’s go back, this place gives me the creeps and I am cold and hungry.' 
Bri went to him and linked her arm with his, smiling as she saw Orlson turn his face away from her. 'Please try,' she flirted. 
Xander sighed and went to the edge of the swamp. Right surely, he thought, the principle is the same. Just think rocks. He closed his eyes and for a moment and nothing happened. He could feel the eyes of the others on his back and it made him even more nervous. But then just as he was about to tell them not to stare at him a rumble under foot made them nervously step away from where Xander stood. Suddenly, something began to rise from beneath the swamp and Bri clapped him on the back with a smile. He had done it. Rock after rock came up giving them a stepping stone to the other side. They hopped along the slippery stones unsteadily holding each other steady. Once on the other side they began to climb the hill to the cottage. 
Exhausted and wet they finally reached the gate. It did not look as sinister as it did in the distance. It even had a certain morbid charm, Bri thought as she made her way up the path.
'Welcome.'
 Bri gave a short scream as a face was staring at her smiling. There was no body not even a head, just a face, a girl’s face at that. 'I did not mean to scare you. It’s just been awhile since I last had visitors,' the face continued.
 'Who are you?' Xander asked nervously stepping forward. 
The face turned to him 'I'm sorry my name is Alaina, well what is left of her anyway,' 
'So you're like Alaina's face?' The Trio sniggered. 
'Of course,' she answered as though it was perfectly normal. 'Come inside out of the rain.' 
They looked at each other uneasily as she disappeared through her door like a ghost. 'Well I'm game if you are,' Bri said opening the door. 
The others followed her inside and were surprised to find it like any other cottage inside, the kettle was brewing on the fire and an empty plate sat on the table. How on earth was she able to do these things with no body? Alaina’s face floated amongst them encouraging them to sit and they soon found out how, as by magick the kettle began to pour itself out into cups for each of them.  'I'll talk to each of you in turn,' Alaina’s face said. 
'What do you mean?' Bri said leaving her drink. 
'You came here for your fortunes, did you not, that is the only reason people come.' she said hovering between Bri and Xander. 
‘We have just stopped here to avoid the storm,' Xander said. 
'It doesn’t matter. Call it my gift. But I will not do the angel or Hecate's child.' 
'Hecate's child?' Xander asked. 
'You can go first, I'll tell you later,' Bri said.
 Surrial frowned as Xander followed the Face into a curtained area. So that was the Trios secret, he was a child of the Goddess, However, that would make him near on immortal as the goddess. Hecate had left Celestia thousands of years ago, and it would also explain why Briganti insisted on him being on her side, she was very clever, very clever indeed.
The room that Xander had followed the face into was filled with burning incense, and dead stuffed animals hung on the wall, glaring at him with their beady dead eyes. 'So what do you want me to do?' he asked nervously playing with his hands.
 'Nothing, your aura tells me everything.' she said as she settled opposite him, as though she was sitting. 'I will not tell you the obvious, why your heart is full of grief. But I will tell you, you will make your parents proud. You will rule Celestia with a level head and a good heart and your children will be born as fae. However, it will not be your first born who takes your place. Your daughter will be responsible for bringing the gods back to us and hence be the greatest queen that has ever lived.' Xander looked at her gob smacked. 
'What do you mean born fae, I am to marry Briganti,' he asked. 
'That is all I will tell you. Send in the orphan,' she said.
He looked at her puzzled until he realised she meant Orlson. He got to his feet. His daughter would be the greatest queen, but why would his first born not take the throne after him. He stepped where they were waiting and told Orlson to go in. 'But I don't want to,' he said sulkily. 
'Stop being difficult,' Bri snapped 'She is offering and it is rude not to accept.'
 Orlson pushed his chair back abruptly and made his way behind the curtain. Alaina watched him with her grey eyes; he was surprised that she had ears that held large thick golden hoops that jangled when she seemed to move. 'Sit, she demanded so harshly that he sat straight down. He could feel her eyes boring into him and it made him nervous as though he was afraid she might find something that was supposed to be hidden. 'You are an orphan,' she stated rather then asked. Orlson nodded, although it was not rare thing to be. 'Once you cross this boundary tonight, your life is going to change forever. But you will need to choose the path you’re going to follow. Path one, you will cause the death of a queen. Path two you will be the death of a princess and you must choose, your choice will either save us or doom us.'
 Orlson stood up with such force he sent his chair flying. 'What sort of crap is this? How can I cause the death of a queen? We do not have a queen with us and the princess... I would never put her in danger.'
 Alaina’s face tossed her face with indignity. 'I tell it how it is,' 
'Well its lies,' he muttered storming out of the room. 
Briganti gave the Trio a concerned look as she saw Orlson’s distressed face, satisfied that the Third was dealing with him she pulled the curtain back and stepped into the room. She saw Alaina smile and noticed that she now glowed, not brightly, but enough for her to see. Frowning she sat down and waited for her future to be told. Alaina looked at her steadily for some time before she began to speak. 'Take off your hat,' she said suddenly. 
Bri pulled off her hat allowing her hidden hair to fall and she caught a flinch pass through Alaina’s eyes. 'Have you ever noticed you are the only one in Celestia to have that colour hair, the colour of blood,' she said cryptically.
Bri shrugged her shoulders. 'It is something I have never thought about,' she replied.
Alaina smiled thinly. 'Your hair is a sign that you are cursed by blood. When you defeat 
The alchemist, you will never be the same again. Celestia will lose a great queen.' 
'Are you saying I'm going to die?' Bri asked.
 Alaina kept her face even. 'You will go in as princess and leave as a queen, but one with a great weakness.'
Bri stood up and began to wander around the room. 'You used to be a princess did you not?' she saw from the corner of her eye the faces lips tighten. 'A beautiful and powerful princess at that.' 
'What is your point,' Alaina asked. 
'I'm just wondering whether jealousy clouds your gift of sight,' Bri answered, as she eyed up the dead animals upon the wall.
'Nothing clouds my judgment princess, unlike you,' Alaina hit back with a sweet smile. Bri began to laugh. 'Well I can assure you of one thing I will not die at this battle.' 
'From one cursed princess to another I hope you are right.' 
Bri looked at the face and sighed. 'Ah this blood curse you told me about.'
 A thin smile formed on the lips of the face. 'The blood curse is one thing, it can be cured, and the other you have placed on yourself, just as I did,'
'And are you going to tell me what it is?' Bri asked beginning to tire of the whole charade of curses.
 'I have told you enough, now you must leave.' 
Bri eyed Alaina evenly. There was something strange about her, something Bri could not place. It had been almost as though her and her crew had been expected, and that made her nervous, very nervous. She had to wonder what she meant by Celestia losing a great queen, yet she would not say that she would die. One thing Bri knew for sure and that was she would defy anything this bitter princess predicted.
Seventeen

 On the ship everyone had maintained their own silence as they had done on the journey back to the Crux, each deep in their own thoughts at what had been said. Bri tired to keep her head clear and told herself that being alone for so long had driven the princess mad and she had told her nothing but jealous lies. Although she could see by the others faces that whatever she had told them were working their way under each of them skin. The weather had now started to calm and whilst they waited for the sea to settle, Bri decided to sit alone in her cabin. She closed her eyes and tried to will the tension from her body. A knock on the door disturbed her and she opened her eyes to see Xander stood watching her. 'Is it ok for me to come in?' he asked.
 She had noticed that the past couple of days he had not even attempted to use charm on her and she now saw nothing but respect in his eyes. Although he was changing in front of hers and instead of the vain pompous prince she had taken upon her ship, he was now a man, a man who could equal any of her own crew. She indicated for him to sit down and he did next to her.
 'I want to ask you about the Trio,' He said bluntly. She smiled at him, 'You said you would tell me. Is he really the child of Hecate?'
'So they say, that is why I found him,' Bri said. She watched as Xander settled into the bench and she began. 'I had heard, during my travels with my father about a great killer called the Trio, Three men in one, the so called child of Hecate and so the last god in Celestia. So once my father had built the Crux I took her to find him, using merchant trading as a cover of course. Father would have killed me himself if he had known. Anyway, I heard a rumour whilst travelling the islands on the very edge of Celestia called Warrend that I would find him on the next island.' 
'Wait a minute,' Xander interrupted sitting up. 'You have been to the land that is neither Zolar nor Zilva,' 
'Are you gonna let me finish,' Xander nodded and settled back, 'Well it was in a town called Picicis, we found him and I convinced him to join us.' 
'How did you get a god to join you?' Xander asked. 
Bri smiled a knowing smile. 'Convince two and the third has to follow.'
 Realising that was all she was going to spill he decided to change the subject. 'Did Alaina mention to you about our future?' 
Bri thought for a moment, she had not actually mentioned her marriage to Xander, just about the curses, how strange, she thought to herself. 'No she didn't,' she said. 'Did she to you?' 
Xander shook his head. 'No,' he lied. He had no idea why he was lying. What did he have to hide? Nothing.

Eighteen

Nepta's smoky peak was becoming more visible underneath the low clouds as they drew close. The sea had turned into a deathly still mill pond as they entered deep within psyren’s territory. Grey cragged rocks littered the once smooth path and Clues had ordered the sails to be pulled up in order to slow their progress and allow easy negotiation. Orlson stood with Decks on the edge of the Crux watching with unease Clues steer her through the maze of unstable cliffs and rocks.
Meanwhile, Xander lay on his bed feeling confused and bewildered. He knew Briganti was in love with Orlson, it was obvious to everyone and he in turn was still in love with Dorcas. He wondered why their parents had insisted on the union, when it made them both so unhappy. He swore to himself that once they returned back to Demeter he would find out how to break the pact, for them both. Then, suddenly, from nowhere, he heard the most beautiful and haunting sound. He stood up slowly and made his way outside towards the noise. 
Bri jumped down from the rigging with a thud and was just about to shout the Trio, when she noticed everyone walking past her to the edge of the ship even Surrial seemed to be entranced. 'What are you guys doing?' she shouted and that’s when she heard it, the sound of cats wailing causing her skin crawl with disgust. 'Psyren’s,' she hissed.
 Running to the other side she grabbed a large hemp rope and got ready to tie her men down. Then she saw with horror Clues had left the wheel. A thud behind her startled her, it was Eyes.  'It's the psyren’s Bri,' he said. 
'I know, you get the wheel,' she said. She watched him run and grab it. 'Wait!' she said suddenly 'Why is their song not affecting you. You are a man aren't you? I mean we have not got it wrong all these years?' 
Eyes looked at her as a red blush reached his cheeks. 'Yes, I am a man, but I don't...' 
It suddenly dawned on her what he was saying and she nodded at him. It explained so much. The reason he never followed the others into brothels, or never showed interest in the maidens that they came across.  She grabbed the rope and made her way towards the crew, but as she did there was a crunching sound as the ship hit something hidden beneath them, causing her and her men to fall. The psyren’s song was beginning to pick up pace as it reached its crescendo, and the men were soon on their feet once more following the sound. Orlson and Xander were both dangerously close to the edge of the ship and she knew she would not get to them in time. She heard Dorcas voice deep in her head and closing her eyes began to work her own charm. Opening her eyes, she could see she had Clues, Decks, and the Trio and to her surprise even Surrial’s attention. She slowly circled them with the rope and then with all the strength she could muster dragged them to the mast and tied them to it. Her breathing was now quick and fast from the effort and her arms ached from dragging the men’s weight, but she had to continue. Next, it was Orlson and Xander, but no matter how hard she tried she could not hold their attention, Orlson would not even turn her way and with a splash he had gone, but she was still within Xander’s reach. However, just as she touched his hand, Eyes struggled to hold the Crux steady, and hitting another piece of rock, Xander fell into the water with another splash.
 Bri shouted to Eyes to let the Crux ride, and grabbing a piece of rope she made it into a lasso and tied it to the end of a fishing harpoon and began to scan the sea. The water around them was filled with bobbing heads of the psyren’s, all ugly and contorted with their own vanity. She frantically tried to remember a magick spell her father had taught her. One that they had used while fishing. The spell would cause the rope or fishing line to find its catch for them without having to wait for the bite. Mother had called it cheating, but they had laughed and said it was harmless fun. Rummaging through memories she tried to grasp it, but it kept flitting away. Damn it! She cursed inside and once more she tried. There it was and she grabbed it with every bit of her consciousness. She whispered the words and waited for the lasso to respond. Suddenly it twitched on its own accord. It was ready to catch whatever she asked it to. 'What are we looking for?' Eyes asked,
'The princess,' Bri whispered, her eyes watching the sea. 
'How will you be able to tell?' 
'It takes a princess to find a princess.' 
The psyren’s had now started to pull their slimy bodies upon the rocks and their singing was causing Bri to shiver inside. 
The psyren’s had once been mers, thousands of years ago. Then, King Casper ruled and he made the mistake of choosing his youngest son, Monti as his successor. However, his eldest son Raquan resented the decision and took some of his followers and waged war. The war was the biggest the Celestian Sea had ever seen and grew so ferocious that King Casper begged Zolar and Zilva for assistance. As landwellers they could not fight the war for them, all they could do was summon up every magick power they could find and create a curse. A curse that would condemn Raquan and his followers to darkness. The curse ravaged the king’s enemies, and they lost their mer beauty and charm and became nothing more than the splurge that sat at the seas bottom. Raquan begged for forgiveness and Casper still loving his son offered him the waters at the very edge of Celestia to rule, and there they remained, with no beauty and no charm, they only thing that was left was their voice and that grew and developed into a weapon of revenge, so that no man who heard it would ever survive. 
Bri took aim as her eyes scanned the waiting psyren’s, praying their princess would emerge. Then she saw it, in the distance, the familiar blue aura of royalty that had enveloped Alaina’s face. She aimed and then fired, as the rope tightened. She felt Eyes take the end and they both began to pull as fast as they could, the weight of the psyren’s princess making it difficult. With one last pull the princess landed at their feet on the deck and like lightening Bri had dragged her slimy body up so she now faced her people, with a knife at her throat. 'You cannot hold me ransom, Zilva princess,' the princess sang. 
'I want my guardian and prince back,' Bri hissed at her, trying to keep a tight grip on her, but it was like holding a fish. 'Tell them to give them back,' 
'And why should we?' 
'Because I will kill you if you don't,' Bri said pushing the blade further into her skin.
 'Do you think I fear death?' the princess laughed. 
'No, but you fear losing this,' Bri said pointing the blade at her voice box, 'Your voice is your only power,' She felt the princesses body tense 
'I can't give you both,' the princess sang her voice quivering slightly. 
'Why not?' Bri asked. 
'Ancient law, no one is above it, not even me. You can only have one. You must choose.' Bri felt her stomach turn cold; she had to choose between her soon to be husband and the man she loved. 'I want to see them' she whispered. 
The princess sang out to the sea as some of the psyren’s began to dive into the water. A moment later two water spheres rose to the surface, each with Xander and Orlson inside. They both looked frightened and panicked. 'There they are Zilva princess. The choice is yours.' Bri glanced at Eyes for support, but he merely looked down at his feet. 'Is there a problem?' The princess sang with a sickly sweet smile. 
'No there is no problem,' Bri snapped. 
'Well choose, then maybe I could go back to my people without being dried out.' 
She closed her eyes, she could not look at either of them and make the decision she was about to make. 'The prince, I want the prince,' she said. 
As she the words left her mouth Xander landed at her feet and the psyren’s princess had gone taking Orlson with them. The air was now silent and the men began to wake from their stupor and looked shocked at being tied to the ships mast, especially Surrial who looked indignant at his weakness. Xander went to grab Briganti’s hand. 'Why?' he said. But she refused to answer and fled to her cabin. 
The psyren’s dumped Orlson on the warm rocky beach of Nepta. He lay there for some time. The devastation he felt at Bri’s choice ripped through his wet and tired body and though the volcanic rock was warm all he felt was chilled to the bone. 

Nineteen

The salamanders had informed Dryad what the psyren’s had dumped on his rocks, and smiling he instructed them to fetch him and he made his way to Tatiana’s cave. He hoped she had had time to calm down from whatever had distressed her. As he entered his mothers cave he saw she had now placed herself upon her throne. She looked as though she was about to greet her subjects. How this woman was not born to be royal amazed him. She looked up at him as he entered and knelt at her feet. 'You have allowed your mess to hit our shores,' she said cryptically.
 'It was your idea to steal the Scales. Of course trouble is going to hit us,' he replied. 
'I am not talking about the Scales,' she snapped, pushing her body from her seat. 'I am going to say one word and see if you can figure it out yourself, my son,' she sang.
 Dryad felt his heart stop at the word, “Clara” he could see in his mind’s eye her beautiful angelic face and the tears she’d shed as he sailed away from her. Then he remembered the blood he had shed into the scrying pool and his mother’s reaction. 'Surely you're not suggesting?' he whispered. 
Tatiana grabbed his face, her icy touch making him shudder. 'You mixed our blood with an angel and in doing so you've created the most powerful being after the gods.' 
'I have a son?' Dryad said, still in a state of shock.
 Their union had been forbidden, but they loved each other. Angels were the only beings forbidden to mix their blood after a child of a gypsy and an angel nearly destroyed the whole of Celestia. It was a story used to terrify children and though the story was older then known time the gods had made sure the tales was served as a warning. They hated anything that competed for their power, but now they were all gone.
 'I should be disgusted with you, but this could be of our advantage. Your son is so strong I can smell his power. He will destroy us, but if we get him on side...' Tatiana sang smiling. 
'We could take the whole of Celesta,' Dryad finished. 'But what if he refuses?'
'The psyren’s tell me the Princess Briganti has chosen the prince over him, it seems he has inherited his father’s ability to fall for a woman he cannot have,'
Dryad rushed back to his rooms inside his castle, eager and nervous at meeting his son. The salamanders had been ordered to make him comfortable in Dryads own room anyway, but now he knew he was his son it changed how he felt about him. He soon reached his door and through the slightly ajar door he caught sight of him. Instantly, he saw Clara, especially the way his head was hung in sadness, but then he saw himself also. The unsureness and pain of unrequited love, however, his mother was right the power that emanated from him was immense and it made him feel nervous. 
'What do you want from me?' Orlson said softly without looking up. 
Dryad stepped into the room, closing the door behind him. 'Do you know who I am?' Dryad asked standing opposite him.
 'You stole the Scales. Br... We have been looking for you.' Orlson replied.
 Lifting his eyes to him, Dryad felt his heart jump. Clara’s eyes. How he missed those eyes. He turned away toward the sea view out of his window. He could just make out the silluette of a ships mast hiding behind some rocks in the far distance. He turned back and saw Orlson drop his eyes again to the floor. 'Princess Briganti? Ah the soon Queen of Zilva, or once married, High Queen of Celestia,' he watched as the mention of the princesses name ripped his son in two. 'So why are you here alone?' he pushed. He needed to get him to react, so he could be played.
 'The psyren’s caught us out, I was sacrificed to save the prince,' Orlson answered with a hint of distaste. 
Dryad laughed softly 'Those psyren’s songs are a killer.'
 Orlson eyed Dryads friendliness with suspicion. He had heard tales of the alchemist and up until then he was the enemy that they were pursuing. However, in his presence there was an unnerving sense of familiarity about him, that he could not place and instead of seeing an evil man he saw man filled with pain with a need to be accepted. 'Why did you steal the Scales?' Orlson asked him. 
'It is a very long story which I will not bore you with right now. But the basics are that I want my gain my rightful place in Zolar.' Dryad said. 
'But taking the Scales is affecting Zilva too.' Orlson said, looking up at him, again with those eyes.
 'Maybe the effect on Zilva will be beneficial.'
 Orlson frowned with confusion. 'How do you work that one out?' 
'Zilva and Zolar are the two greatest kingdoms of Celesta. Yet Zolar is becoming even greater and richer.' 
'That can't happen,' Orlson said. 'They balance each other out.' 
Dryad could tell by his face doubt was creeping in. he was getting under his skin. 'Are you sure they can't? I mean look at how prosperous Zolar is becoming yet Zilva is starting to flounder.' 
Orlson could not deny he had noticed. The fish stocks around Zilva were dwindling and the crops not has good as they could be, however on their visit to Zolar their seemed to be none of the problems there. 'So why Zolar?' Orlson asked. 
'My family came from Zolar, the Queen Marion and I are cousins. By rights I was to sit upon the throne as High King, but my family were banished to here,' Dryad replied. 
'So this is all about revenge?'
 Dryad moved away from the window at sat down beside his son. 'It is about taking my rightful place. Once I am High King, my son becomes my heir.' 
'Your son?'
 Orlson felt the old man’s eyes look deep within him and he felt his insides start to shake. 'I went back to Demeter to try and clear my name and there I fell in love with an angel called Clara. The result of our love was a child that I have just found about.’
 Orlson began to rise from the bed slow and purposefully. ‘Are you trying to tell me that you are my father and my mother was an angel,’ He stammered, his heart beating fast and hard in his chest. 
‘There is a power that is not even tapped into yet deep inside you.'
'I don't have any power. There is nothing special about me and you can’t be my father. I am an orphan.' Orlson protested. 
'But you do. Princess Briganti sees it every time she changes to a mer, but she fights it.' 
Orlson opened his mouth to answer, but stopped and Dryad realised he had worked his way under his skin. Now all he needed to do was convince him to stand by him and against Zolar. 
Twenty

'May I speak with you?' 
Bri looked away from the cabin window and saw Surrial standing in the doorway. His large frame filled the room, causing it to seem darker then it was. A feeling of peace and warmth flowed over her causing her to sigh and she guessed he had worked some of his own magick. 'Of course sit down,' she said, moving to one side for him. 
Sitting down beside her, she noticed his face was filled with concern, something she had never thought she would see when he looked at her. 'What's on your mind?' she asked. 
'I was going to ask you the same question?' he answered. 
'I don't know what you mean?' Bri said turning her eyes away from him. 
'The choice you made must have left you with a lot to think about,' he said. 
'I made the right choice,' she answered absently. 
'You do not sound convince.' 
This time Bri looked him in the eye, 'I made the right choice,' she repeated.
 She could feel a warm aura envelop her even more and she knew he was trying to ease her pain. 'My Lady, may I be honest with you?' Surrial asked trying a different tact. She nodded surprised that he had addressed her so formally. 'I had very little respect for you, however, I have had to accept that you are my lord’s betrothed and will be my High Queen. But recently I have seen something in you that’s changed my mind about you and I have nothing but respect for you.' 
Bri smiled at his honesty. 'I'm not sure how to respond,' she said. 
'It is a compliment, I am trying to make peace with you,' Surrial answered. 
'I suppose you want me to be just as honest with you too,' Surrial shrugged at her. Bri sighed 'Ok, well, I chose Xander because I knew Orlson would survive and that is the only reason.' 
'You love him don't you?' Surrial said suddenly.
 Bri sat up straight defensively. 'What do you mean?' she spluttered. 
Surrial smiled at her and for a moment she could have sworn she had seen Orlson sat there with the same smile in his eyes. 'Everybody sees it, my Lady. Even my Lord,' he answered. 
'I've tried to...' she started, but Surrial held his hand up to stop her. 
'This is not a faerie tale. It is naive to believe you and my Lord would fall in love at first sight. And as you no doubt know, his heart belongs to the faerie princess Dorcas,' 
'I know, I know,' Bri said softly. 'But my feelings for Orlson are irrelevant. He is not a prince and also Xander and I are bound.'
Surrial turned away from her and gazed out of the window. The nearer they were getting to Nepta the more acrid the sky seemed to look. 'I'm sure you and my Lord will learn to build on your strengthening partnership and make this world great,' he said quietly. 
The sky had started to glow red as they approached Nepta, The volcanic peak was firing out lava and sparks like an angry god and Xander could feel the heat of the sea air warm around him. His eyes were already stinging with the sulphur that it had thrown into the air and his chest felt tight. Inside he ached at Briganti’s choice and the pain he knew she was feeling at having to make it. His initial attraction for her now had given way to an understanding that was merely one that one would have for a close friend or a sister. A love so much greater and deeper. He had run it around his head many times, how could they break this bond their parents had bound them with? Then he would be able to marry Dorcas, but Briganti could never have Orlson. A Queen had to marry a royal that was the law.  However, he feared that because she had chosen to save him over Orlson the relationship she had had with her guardian would now be destroyed forever. 
 Eyes shouted something, but the wind carried his voice from Xander's ears, but not from Clues who responded by yelling to the First and the Second to prepare to dock.  He saw Briganti come from her cabin, followed closely by Surrial.  He knew Surrial did not really approve of Briganti, though he could not help but notice the change in their body language. What had happened for Surrial to suddenly change his mind about her?  Making his way towards them, he saw she had seemed to have calmed down and she even offered him a smile. 
 'Is everything alright?' he asked Surrial as she moved past them. 
 'She is just worried about Orlson,' Surrial lied. 
 Xander knew his guard was not going to tell him anymore and decided to change the subject.  'What do you think is going to happen once we land at Nepta?' he asked. 
‘I have no idea my Lord. But you should not worry, Dryad is just one man,' Surrial answered. 
'He may be one man, Surrial.  But he is one man who has caused all this chaos and cost me my parents.'
 Surrial looked down at his prince and saw him through different eyes.  He was starting to come into his own on this journey. He had grown from the prince who spent days and nights partying and bedding Fae’s, to a King who cared about his land, and it seemed the roles had now been reversed as Briganti was starting to struggle emotionally. 
Bri opened the weapons chest and mentally tried to decide who was best to use what. She then pushed her hand deeper and pulled out a large piece of rolled up velvet. Carefully unwrapping she released her father sword out from its protective sheaf and saw with satisfaction the blade shine and glow from the fires of Nepta. The golden swan shaped hilt felt warm as it shone in the light. It made her think about her father, and she ached to just see him one last time. He would have known what to do in this situation. He would have been her strength, strength she was unsure now she even possessed. She was aware now that she had had no time to grieve for him and she was not even sure when she would ever have the time. 
And then there was Orlson. Would he ever be able to forgive her or would that be then end for them both? Was it really time to say goodbye? The crew coming towards her disturbed her thoughts and she quickly began to distribute swords and pistols to those that needed them. Bri instructed the Trio to unite and they surprised everyone by doing as she asked with no argument it was as though they all could sense the impending doom that awaited them. Xander stood beside her as he waited for her to hand him some form of weaponry, and when she didn’t he asked her why. 
‘Because you don’t need one,’ she answered.
‘Why not?’ he asked. 
‘You and Surrial have magick. We don’t.’
 Xander nodded uneasily. He was not that confident with his magick and would have preferred a sword, although neither was he too good with one of them either.  Bri turned to face everyone who all stood in a line awaiting her instruction. She could feel the weight of expectancy from them, causing her to roll her shoulder slowly, as though they hurt from the weight upon them. It was her job to convince them they were going to survive this, and that was a hard task since she was unsure whether they were going to survive at all.
 ‘Dryad is no doubt expecting us, which means salamanders will be what we are up against. That is going to be where you come in,’ she nodded toward Surrial and Xander. ‘Now I also suspect he may have the help of the psyren’s and so Orlson will no doubt have been dumped here. So Clues and Decks, you both can see if you can track him down, and I will take the Trio.’ 
With everyone clear on each other’s roles, they prepared the ship to dock at the foot of the black silt sand that was Dryads island.

Twenty-One

Orlson wandered around his father’s castle as the news of his parentage sank in. He now knew he was not only half alchemist, but an angel also, if it had not fitted so well then he would never have believed it. The only news that pleased him more was that he was supposed to be the rightful heir to Zolar's throne, making him a prince and giving him the right to marry the princess of his heart.  Dryad had told him that all he wanted from Xander was to recognize this and stand down, and he would be quite happy to give back the Scales. He had also told him that once Dryad was crowned High King, he would give his blessing for Orlson to marry whom he chose and if that was Bri then so be it. The kingship and power was the last thing on his mind all he wanted was Bri.  
‘They have arrived,’ Tatiana said. 
‘The salamanders are ready,’ Dryad reassured her.
‘And Orlson?’ 
‘I have offered him the princess and the throne, he seems happy.’ 
Tatiana looked as though she had calmed down since their last meeting, and she even looked less haggard. Dryad noticed and commented, and she responded by pulling out what looked like a vial of blood. ‘This here is the secret of our success. The price of true love,’ she said cryptically.
 ‘Is it only blood,’ Dryad said.
‘Not just any blood, the blood of a royal, and its insurance at the keeping princess under our control.’ 
Dryad could not help but smile. Things were going so well and with the added bonus of finding out he had a son to his own true love. He wished with all his heart Clara had come to him when she had found out she was with child. He would have looked after her, made her happy. It pained him that she would have gone though it all by herself. She was such a gentle heart and he was certain that giving up a new born babe would have been torture.
Tatiana watched her son leave the cave, with a small smile on her face. ‘It is all working out beautiful,’ She said ‘and all because you fell in love.’
Queen Magda shuffled from her dark hiding place. Her royal clothes were gone; she simply wore a shapeless green shift. Her once golden hair, now hung limply and dull around her shoulders. ‘Don’t you think I know this,’ she whispered.
‘When you came to me that day I knew that you would do anything for King Marlon. I also knew that I had to secure my payment.’
‘You tricked me. I had no idea my blood was so important.’
Tatiana looked at her High Queen and shook her head in mock dismay. ‘I didn’t trick you. You were the one that came to me remember, and I gave you exactly what you wanted. It’s just that what you wanted came with a price. So there is no point placing the guilt on me.’ Magda sat down heavily onto seaweed covered rock, her eyes spilling over with salty tears. ‘Look,’ Titiana continued. ‘I knew that any child of yours and Marlon’s would eventually be the fly in the ointment for me and I had to have insurance.’
‘Why have you done this?’ Magda sobbed. 
Tatiana sighed deeply as old memories came flooding back. Back  when she was a young psyren with hopes and dreams of finding her one true love, then finding him, and losing him. ‘I was in love with your father and he with me. But because I was a psyren we were not allowed to be together. And instead of fighting for us Aquim didn’t he just married his pretty cousin. Aenor.’
 Magda looked at Tatiana with fresh eyes and saw underneath all the sludge and slime a woman in pain. ‘But that is not my fault. I was not even born,’ Magda tried to reason.
 Tatiana rose from her seat and slid across the floor, leaving a trail of slime behind her. ‘We always pay for our elder’s mistakes,’ she sneered. 
Orlson gazed out at the burnt craggy rocks that surrounded the castle walls. Salamanders were running around and being gathered below. He was in doubt it was because Bri had managed to land on the island. He had been promised it was only for protection and all Dryad wanted was Xander’s abdication from his throne. Turning away he started as he spied Dryads shadow in the doorway. ‘You scared me,’ Orlson said. 
‘My apologies,’ Dryad answered coming further into the light.
‘I see the salamanders are all out ready. You do realize there are only six of them, not exactly worthy of an army,’ Orlson said looking back out of the window.
 He could not shake the growing feeling of dread that kept tugging in the pit of his stomach, but the need to be with Bri was greater and he inwardly worked at silencing the voices inside. ‘I want to ask whether you have wings like your mother,’ Dryad asked suddenly, breaking his thoughts. 
‘Why?’ Orlson answered. Dryad came and stood beside him and shivered internally at the power he felt from him.
 ‘Because angels are much stronger with wings,’ 
‘Well I never got them,’ Orlson replied flatly.
 Dryad turned and looked at the profile of his sons face. ‘It’s a shame,’ he muttered. ‘A real shame.’  
Orlson watched as his father left the room. It seemed he was a disappointment to someone else. Dryad had obviously expected him to be more than he was. Even he had hoped that having angel blood inside him would miraculously change him into something special, but he was still the same. The same old Orlson. Guardian to the Princess Briganti and servant to Zilva’s kingdom. The poor little orphan that was adopted by a king and queen. Realising he was full of self pity he got to his feet and began to shake it off. Magda and Marlon had been so good to him and he had had a life only other orphans could dream of. He was much more and he would prove them all wrong. He was special. He was now a prince.

Twenty-Two

The mouth of the tunnel loomed before them. A repulsive stench of stagnate water emanated from the darkness and they could feel the rumble of the volcano under their feet. Bri eyed the dense darkness nervously, a warm glow caught her eye. Turning, she saw Surrial had produced golden light orb. ‘This will help light our way,’ he said taking the first steps into the tunnel.
 ‘Xander, are you sure you have mastered water and fire,’ Bri asked, her eyes not leaving Surrial and his lit orb. 
‘I’m positive,’ he replied, although inside he was not so confident.
 Bri took a breath ‘Fine. Trio lets go.’ 
The Trio’s unusual quietness had unnerved Bri since leaving the Crux and setting foot upon the island. Especially when a good fight was on the agenda he was usually itching and hard to control. This time he was silent as they all followed Surrial down the tunnel. Surrial’s light had made the tunnel more hospitable. Water dripped and echoed around them as they walked and the room was filled with tension. Bri was keenly aware of each footstep and the sound each of them made. Suddenly a familiar smell crept up from behind. Bri stopped in her tracks and took in the strong smell of the sea that had suddenly appeared.
 ‘Surrial, I can smell the sea. I think the psyren’s are on to us.’ 
Surrial spread his wings, his hands ready to arm himself. ‘Xander are you ready?’ She asked. When Xander nodded she turned to the Trio. ‘First, are you ready?’ Silence was returned and with it an unsettling feeling inside her stomach. 'First!' she snapped turning to face the Trio, but as she did she saw the psyren’s rounding the dark corner. 'Surrial!'
'I'm there,' Surrial shouted. 
Bri blinked as a brown orb flew past her head. Turning back towards where the Trio was standing in stony silence. 'First, what is wrong with you?' she hissed.
 Behind her she could hear the high pitch squeal as Surrial’s orbs hit them. 'The odds are not good Princess.'
 Dread struck Bri hard in the chest as the Third's voice hit her ears. 'My Lady,' Surrial said firmly. 
'Briganti, Surrial can't hold them forever,' Xander shouted, as another orb flew past them. 
'I do know. I'm trying,' she said through gritted teeth. 'Third, where is First?' she demanded. 
The Third looked at her. Fear was deep in his eyes. 'First,' she yelled, now the fear was passing itself to her.
 'He is refusing Princess.'
'What do you mean he is refusing,' she snarled. She was now finding it hard to keep her calm. She could see that though Surrial was managing to keep the psyren’s at bay. It was obvious he could not keep it going, and with Xander being so weak in the powers of earth he was of no use either. 'FIRST NOW! Or I swear I’ll make you extinct.' she began to shout. 
'Talking is no good princess, he does not understand that sort of language,' The Third replied. 
She knew he was right, raising her fists she struck the Trio hard in the face. Blood poured from his face as the Third began to sob. 'First, I said now,' Bri yelled reaching back with her fists to strike him again and again until the Third was nearly a bloody pulp on the floor. Suddenly her fist was caught in mid- air and the Trio’s eyes glowed red. 'You don't want to do that,' the First said. 
Bri smiled with relief as she watched him soar into the air, sword in hand, landing within the midst of the Psyren’s, slicing and dicing as he did. Bri took up her own sword and began to take out her earlier frustration out on her banished cousins. Many tried to sing their way out of their attack but the Trio and Bri were too fast for them, taking off their heads before their song could take an effect. Black bile and blood spilled on the already slimy walls and they all had step over the rotting the corpses in order to carry on through the tunnel.
'She was exceptionally clever your mother,' Tatiana sang at Orlson. 'She cloaked you in magick to disguise your origin. She did not want you to be discovered.' 
'Can you lift it,'' Dryad asked.
 Tatiana looked sharply up at him, her lip curling with distaste. 'Of course I can lift it,' she snapped. 
Orlson watched with morbid fascination the communication between his father and grandmother. It was the first time he had been so close to a psyren and he could never believe that they were once mers. Her twisted knarled features were covered in green and black slime. Through her oily hair, dark holes that were her eyes peered out from them, yet, underneath it all the power and royalty was strong inside her. She was obviously a very proud and regal woman. 
His father on the other hand was not someone he could imagine ruling a kingdom. Orlson surmised that Dryad must have got his looks from his father, for under the old age that he had succumbed to he could see his was still a handsome man. 'What does it matter I have not needed them before,' Orlson tried or say.
 Tatiana turned to glare at him. Her eyes seemed to pierce his soul. 'The difference being Orlson, my dear is that suppression is fine for a short period. But sooner or later it has to surface. So safer now then later.'
'You’re a supreme being. Enjoy it,' Dryad added softly. 
The tension in the room was electric, yet Orlson was eager for them to help him. If he had wings it would at least give him the identity he had long been craving. Tatiana indicated from him to sit beside her. He wrinkled his nose as her stench grew stronger. Sitting down he felt a chill through him as she laid her hands on his neck. Her small bony fingers travelled to between his shoulder blades where she pushed and probed as though she was determined to reach inside his skin. The pain was so bad he had to stop himself from crying out. Suddenly, he felt movement under his skin as he felt her hands start to draw something out. He could feel her hands start to move more swiftly and harder as they worked. He now really wanted to move away from her cold touch; however, her grip was like a vice and his head was now threatening to explode. Suddenly, he felt her hands release their grip on him as he felt himself collapse onto the cold stone floor. A sob escaped him as the pressure in his head threatened to blow at any moment. Then as soon as the pain was there it was gone. He heard his father and grandmother gasp as he struggled to stand, all around him stray white feathers floated to the floor. 'My son,' Dryad said, pride in his voice. 
'For once you have done me proud,' Tatiana said turning to her son. 
Orlson had never felt such power running through his veins. He even felt as though he was glowing. Looking down at his body, his usual slender frame had given way to a more firm and muscular body. His wings were snow white and hung regal like upon his shoulder blades. There would no way Bri would refuse his love now.

Twenty-Three

The four of them stumbled uneasily further into the seemingly never-ending cave. The only thing that saved them from their exhaustion was the strong smell of rotting sea animals and the volcanic heat that told them they were close. The psyren’s had come thick and fast and it had taken a lot of energy to defeat them and knowing this was only the beginning was not doing much for their optimism. The Trio was leading them, his body rigid and ready for their next confrontation. His sword still dripped with blood, something that Bri found hard to see, after all she had been taught to always keep her blade clean, but for him it was the mark of his kill and once spent the sword would be discarded with its last victim.  Days ago, Surrial would have been stuck to Xander’s side like glue, now he towered over them both as supreme protector. His wings hung limply at his side, but there was still rigidity and tension in his stance and body. Xander, however, had turned quiet and withdrawn. Bri sensed he felt useless to the group because of his weakness to do earth magick could not help them. Soon, the path began to be much easier to walk and lighter. 'I don't like this,' Surrial said. 
Bri knew he was right things had been far too quiet since the psyren’s attack. ‘I have found a door,’ The Trio said gruffly.
 They all huddled closer and saw with the help of Surrial’s glowing orb a tiny wooden door. Bri automatically reached out to open it but was stopped by the Trio. ‘I will go first,’ he said.
 For a brief moment she thought that the Third had come forward, or even the Second. It was not like the First to be so protective, especially of her, but in the light she glimpsed the colour of his eyes and satisfied that they were red, stepped back and allowed him to take the lead. 
Xander gasped at the size of the room as the door was swung open. He had felt nothing but relief at the sight of the door. The time spent inside the tunnel had been difficult. He had never felt so useless in all of his life. He could not even do the simplest thing and summon the powers of earth to help them fight the psyren’s. He was more of a hindrance then a help and he now wished that he had stayed on the Crux. The only driving force was the thought of revenge on the man that had killed his family and tried to destroy his kingdom.
Bri looked around at what she guessed was the throne room. Pools of lava give the room a warm glow and the marble stone floor shone in the flickering flames, which came from a fiery water fall at the back of the room. In the middle of the room a richly dressed chair sat empty of its occupant. The occupant, Bri was eager to have had in the room. ‘If this is the throne room where are the salamanders?’ Bri wondered out loud.
‘Well let them bring it on,’ the Trio said boldly.
‘Are you ready for them?’ a voice said from behind causing them all to jump round. From behind the throne a large bulky man came into view. The fire pools caught the man's eyes causing a wave of familiarity to hit Bri. But she had no idea where she knew him from.
 ‘Dryad,’ Surrial hissed. 
The man smiled as he walked further into the light. ‘Long time no see Surrial. How is life treating you?’ Bri heard Surrial snort with disgust. Dryads eyes turned on her. ‘You must be Princess Briganti. Your reputation precedes you.’
 She opened her mouth to speak, but was interrupted by a flash of red light going past her head. ‘You evil bastard,’ Xander shouted.
 Dryad coolly reflected it back turning the ball of flame into a pool of water at his feet. Xander paled at the sight, however it did not stop it him from trying again
 ‘Water!’ he shouted. 
But Dryad was quicker and a ball light of light flew towards Xander, yet as it flew to its target, the ball disintegrated into showers of dust. Surrial took his place in front of Xander like a protective lioness over her cub. 
‘Where is Orlson?’ Bri demanded.
 Dryad turned his head towards where Bri stood and the smile returned to his face. ‘I am surprised you care after the decision you made.’
 Bri tried hard not to let the flinch inside show; however she could tell by the raised eyebrow on his face that she had been unsuccessful. ‘You’re right. I don’t care. I came here for the Scales,’ she answered playing devil’s advocate.
 Her mouth was dry as saw Surrial make slight movements, she had to keep Dryads attention on her. She moved closer toward the dark alchemist. Where had she seen him before? She wondered. 
‘Don’t be so coy, princess, even your future husband knows how you feel about your guardian,’ Dryad taunted as he too began to circle the red headed princess. 
‘And how do I feel Dryad? Because I have spent most of my life and this journey trying to work that out,’ she replied. 
In the corner of her eye she glimpsed the brightness of Surrial’s orb and stepped quickly out of the way as it made its way past her. A sudden flash of light blinded her and turning she saw with surprise Surrial was now on the floor looking dazed. She looked up at the Trio, but instead of a fired up being ready to defend them all she saw was a look of shock and dismay. Turning to where his attention was focussed and felt her heart drop. There was another angel in the room with them. An angel that looked just like her once friend and guardian. The only familiar thing about him was the smell of immense power. Instinctively she touched the shell round her neck. She had to keep her cool. She was in control of every part of herself, mer or gypsy; however, she could not stop her legs feeling like jelly. Every part of her was attracted to the power that was emanating from him. All she wanted was to be with him and be consumed by him.
Dryad strode towards Orlson, his face filled with pride. ‘Princess Briganti may I introduce my son, Prince Orlson.’ 
Bri stepped back. Her heart was pounding so hard she feared it would jump from her chest. ‘What do you mean prince?’ Xander asked from behind Surrial. ‘He’s an angel. Angels are not of royal blood.’ 
‘I am your mother’s cousin, Prince Xander. I am of your royal blood,’ Dryad answered. 
‘But angels are forbidden to mate with others,’ Surrial said quietly.
 Bri could tell that he was just as shaken as she and she was finding it hard to form her own words. There in front of her was her beloved guardian whom had been with her since birth. She had never known anything, but him at her side. All she could think about was the word prince. He had been called Prince Orlson. This was beyond anything she could ever dream of, yet, there was an icy chill running through her body. All her danger receptors were on high alert.  ‘Take a closer look Surrial. Does he remind you of Clara?’ Dryad said.
‘Who is Clara?’ Xander asked. 
Surrial moved away from his post beside Xander. His once armed wings were now hung limply at his side. He looked as though someone had just punched him hard in the stomach. Bri had never seen him look so defeated and weak. ‘Clara was my sister,’ he whispered. ‘Surely she would not have been so stupid, not with you,’ 
‘As the Princess is fully aware, we cannot control who we fall in love with. And yes Princess, Clara and I were in love, but Surrial here and Prince Xander’s family tore us apart.’
‘It was forbidden,’ Surrial said with more firmness in his voice.  
Salamanders and psyren’s had started to fill the room and with a sinking heart Bri saw that they had prisoners. Clues and Decks clothes were smoking from the salamanders touch and they looked as if they had taken a beating. It took them a moment to take in the scene and soon their own faces paled as they recognised Orlson’s new form. ‘Well, we didn’t see that coming,’ Decks said light-heartedly.
 ‘WATER!’
 Xander’s voice echoed as a gush of water took out a row of salamanders. Suddenly the room was filled with chaos as the Trio acted on the war cry and taking his already blood drenched sword threw himself into the psyren’s. Xander full of confidence summoned up more water and with Surrial armed with orbs they worked their way through the salamanders. The smell of Sulphur and putrid water filled the room and in the chaos no one noticed that Dryad and Orlson had taken Bri and were dragging her towards Tatiana’s cave. 
‘Orlson,’ Bri whispered, as he dragged her through the slime riddled corridors. His blue eyes found hers and she could see under the power there was hurt. ‘I had my reasons,’ she continued. He kept his silence. ‘Orlson, did you hear me?’
‘I heard every word,’ Orlson replied evenly. 
‘I think you misunderstand Princess. Orlson is not angry with you. He is doing this for you, for your hand,’ Dryad said over his shoulder as he led the way.
 Bri stopped so suddenly that she pulled away from Orlson’s grip. ‘For my hand, are you kidding? Being a royal, Dryad, you should know that once promised, a betrothal cannot be broken,’ she said.
 Dryad stopped and grabbed her arm. Pulling up her sleeve he exposed the gold and silver band on her arm. She noted Orlson face flinch at his father’s roughness. There could be hope. He was not totally under Dryads spell. ‘You are right Princess, however, while I was defeating Zolar, the wizards there told me your betrothal can be broken if another prince challenges Xander.’ 
Bri turned toward Orlson. ‘And this is what I mean to you. I am nothing, but I prize to feed your ego.’ 
Orlson turned away and this time Dryad took her arm and began to drag her to the end of the tunnel. Bri felt her stomach heave as the stench of the cave hit her. Dryad dragged her into the cave and she saw that there was a psyren in the room. A psyren that looked different from the ones she had ever encountered. 
‘Princess Briganti,’ the psyren sang.
 Bri pulled away from Dryad ‘How do you know who I am?’ she asked. 
‘Because it was I that gave you your hair,’ Tatiana sang.
 Bri frowned. ‘What do you mean?’
Tatiana smiled as she clicked her fingers. Out of the darkness of the cave an old woman shuffled. ‘I think you should explain.’ 
‘Mother,’ Bri rushed to her mother’s side. ‘What are you doing here? And what does she mean, you explain?’ 
Magda lifted her tired eyes to look at her daughters. ‘I am so sorry my child. I never for one moment thought this would happen.’ 
‘That what would happen?’ Bri pushed. 
‘I wanted to marry your father so much. Tatiana offered me a way and I took it at the price.’ 
‘And what was the price?’
‘The price was your mother’s blood and as you’re the only child from your mother and fathers union you belong to me,’ Tatiana sang. 
Bri looked around to Orlson and Dryad hoping they knew what Tatiana was talking about, but they seemed blank, ‘I don’t understand,’ Bri said.
‘When I made the deal with Tatiana all those years ago I agreed that by giving my blood I would allow my first born to carry the blood of a psyren,’ Magda said, her eyes filled with tears. 
Bri licked her already dried lips. She could tell by Dryad and Orlson’s face that this was news to them. ‘You mean that I am a psyren,’ Bri whispered.
‘The blood I hold in this vial will start a chain reaction with your own and you will be a full psyren.’
‘Your plan was always for her to rule. A psyren High Queen, how clever and deviant,’ Dryad laughed softly.
‘Psyren’s have always been robbed and I was robbed of the throne because I was a psyren, Magda, here was my golden ticket,’ Tatiana sang. 
‘I am so sorry,’ Magda sobbed.
 Rage began to fill Bri’s body. She lifted her fist and smacked Tatiana clean in the face until she fell to the floor. Dryad grabbed her and pushed her hard toward Orlson. ‘Keep your betrothed under control.’
 Bri turned so she faced Orlson. She could not believe he was allowing them to do this to her. What had happened to him? Where was the man she knew? ‘Orlson, please, don’t do this, I love you. I have always loved you.’
 He looked down at her and a single tear fell down his face. ‘I have to kill Xander in order to have you,’ He replied. 
‘You don’t have to kill anybody. The wizards will find a way to break the bond,’ Bri begged 
‘There is no use begging Princess. We have worked our own magick with your guardian. We cannot have someone so powerful full reign. He is under our control.’ Dryad interrupted.
 Bri turned to him and tried to move toward him, but Orlson’s grip tightened. ‘You have no idea what is going on,’ Bri raged. ‘The only person in this room that has not been played is that wytch over there.’ 
Dryad opened his mouth to answer, but he knew she was right. His mother’s revenge had been planned for some time and this pact she had made with the queen had brought this to light. ‘That wytch is holding your life in her hands,’ Tatiana interrupted. ‘Once you marry my grandson you will be crowned queen and your children will be the most powerful beings in Celestia.’ 
‘I may love Orlson, but if you think I would ever consider having his children then your sadly mistaken,’ Bri said. ‘I cannot as queen, subject my people to having psyren’s and angels as rulers.’
She noticed Orlson’s face twitch, she had hit a nerve. It was one thing to have her as his wife, but knowing that she would not have children with him was almost insulting. It was a lie, a blatant lie. The times she had dreamt about her and Orlson running through the rocky beaches of Zilva with their children, but she needed to keep her head together. She needed them to believe she would not do want they wanted. A noise from outside broke the rooms tension.  A flash of light lit up the room and Bri saw her chance and taking her sword made her way towards Tatiana. The Trio entered the room and their first aim was for Dryad. Bri looked for the others and guessed they were still busy with the salamanders.


Twenty-Four

Orlson watched with an uncontrollable numbness the scenes unfolding before him. He had heard Dryad admit that he was under the influence of magick and it maddened him. Inside he was close to bursting. He had been played by his father and the woman he wanted to marry had just told them all she would never have his children. He had felt so powerful and now he realised he was no more than a freak of nature. There was no way anybody would accept him and Bri was right, if she indeed was a psyren their future together was bleak.  From the corner of the room he saw Tatiana muttering under her breath and at first he was unsure what she was doing until he saw something change in Queen Magda’s face. A glint of silver caught his eye and Magda was making her way slowly toward Bri with a dagger in her hand, who in turn was making her way toward Tatiana. Alaina’s prophecy rang in his ears. He would be responsible for the death of a queen or a princess. He had to make the choice. He fought the magick that had bound him and soon he felt his body start to ripple with life. Using his wings, in one bound he was between the queen and the princess. He could hear Bri shouting at him, but something took him over and as he grabbed the queen by the neck, there was a snapping sound as she collapsed in his arms. 
Bri felt her body turn to ice as the man she loved let go of the body of her mother, her neck twisted crudely. The room had been stunned into silence, until it was broken by the screeching laughter of Tatiana. Bri slowly picked up the knife and with one swift movement had thrown it hard so it landed in the throat of the wytch. Dryad ran forward at the sight of his own mother fallen. He looked down at the sludge form and picked up the small vial of blood, hiding it in her hand. ‘You killing my mother does not change my plans,’ he said looking at Bri. 
The Trio took his place between Bri and Dryad. ‘You have to go through me first,’ He hissed. 
The salamders were slowly become depleted and Xander found himself able to summon water without the use of words. His shirt was covered in ash and sulphur, and yet he had never felt so strong and powerful. After noticing that Bri had gone, the Trio had gone to find her leaving the four of them with the fire divas. He had also noticed that Surrial had left his side to fight, a sign that his guardian had grown in his confidence in him. Clues came to his side the old pirate was red and sweaty in his face. His breathing laboured. ‘We need to follow the Trio. Bri may need us.’ Nodding Xander shouted to Surrial who nodded in return. All four of them gathered up fresh steam and began to finish off the salamanders in a cloud of fiery dust. 
Bri felt hot tears falling down her cheeks. Orlson had disappeared into the darkness and the Trio was now her only protection. ‘Princess, we could stop this right now. My son has proved to be a coward so I will take you as my own wife,’ Dryad said.
 The Trio pushed Bri slightly away from behind. Frowning she watched as the Trio became three. The First, Second and Third surrounded Dryad each with a sword. ‘God magick,’ Dryad said slightly impressed.
 ‘We are Hecate’s own,’ the three said in unison.
 ‘And you think you are enough to stop me,’ Dryad challenged.
 Bri stepped further back and noticed a slight movement in the shadows. Orlson was close. She could not deny the anger she felt towards him. He was a murderer. The reason her mother was dead in this cave. Yet, she needed his strength if they were going to get through this, but before she could go to him the room erupted into madness as Surrial and Xander entered the room followed closely by salamanders and psyren’s. Magick orbs and fire magick bounced off the walls and to Bri’s disappointment Orlson disappeared.
 Clues and Decks soon entered the room. Their eyes blinked with disbelief at the body of their queen lying upon the cave floor beside a psyren. The First took advantage of the chaos and grabbed Dryad from behind. Then, she suddenly understood he was waiting for her. Taking her sword she relished the slow walk towards him. She wanted to make him pay for everything. The death of the king and queen of Zolar. The loss of Orlson and even the death of her mother. However, no sooner had she reached toe to toe with him, he suddenly broke free from the First and there was darkness. 
Xander ran forward in what seemed to be in slow motion. Dryad had taken Bri by the throat and in one swift movement she had gone rigid before being dropped into a pool of dark water. Xander grabbed Bri’s dropped sword and ran it through Dryads heart, watching with a mixture of shock and satisfaction the fall of the alchemist. There was a brief moment’s pause as everyone took in what had just happened. Suddenly, there was a splash as the First disappeared into the pool. ‘That’s new,’ The Second commented. ‘The brother that hates her is saving her.’
 A moment later the First emerged with an unrecognisable Bri in is arms. He laid her gently on the floor. ‘What has happened?’ Xander said.
Surrial picked up the broken vial and sniffed the bottle. ‘She is trapped in psyren and mer form. The vial of blood has sealed the curse she already had over her.’
Xander went to her side, but was stopped by the First. ‘Don’t you dare touch her,’ he snapped. He had ripped the shirt off his back and was frantically rubbing her body with it. ‘Why is she not changing,’ he said his voice almost cracking with emotion.
‘First, we need to get her out of here,’ The Second reasoned. 
‘The Princess needs to be kept safe until we find a cure,’ The Third added. 
‘They are right,’ Surrial offered.
 The First nodded, though he would let no one go near her, instead he picked her up in his arms. Her fish form seeming to be too big for his grasp, but he struggled on.
 ‘What about Orlson?’ Decks asked. 
Surrial looked around him, his eyes squinting in the darkness ‘He has made his choice.’  
Twenty-Five

The Crux moved soundlessly back to Zilva. Her crew quietly went about their jobs under Xander’s instruction. The First had refused to reunite with his brothers instead choosing to stand guard over Bri’s frozen body. Surrial had sent word to both Zolar and Zilva about their queen and princess. He had also managed to send a message to King Aquim. After three days at sea in morbid silence for the crew, King Aquim and Brandish boarded the ship. The queen’s body was waiting for its burial at sea and King Aquim after hearing of his daughter’s plight had agreed to take her body home. He had also visited the still form that was Bri and after much conversation with Brandish promised to find an antidote to the psyren’s curse. 
Before they all knew it Zilvas coastline was in view. Xander could feel the tension through the ship. This was it; a kingdom that had no head was a kingdom that could easily turn in on itself. Over head, he could see that angels were filling the sky. Surrial had demanded that they paid homage to Briganti as their High Queen and the sight, surprisingly brought a lump to his throat and he had to swallow the tears that were threatening to overspill. 
 Soon the Crux was docked. The harbour was brimming with people from both kingdoms eager to catch a glimpse of their queen for confirmation that the rumours they had heard were true. Bri’s body had been laid upon a special cushioned stretcher so she could be easily carried. Surrial nodded at the waiting angels who stepped forward to carry her to the castle. However, as they neared her body, Surrial watched in amazement as each crew member took a side each, refusing the angels to go near her. Even Xander had taken his position. The angels looked at Surrial for direction and nodded his approvement. These were her men; loyal to her and Zilva it was their right to carry her home.
A shrouded figure huddled deep into the crowd, hidden, but not so hidden that they could not see the procession. The kingdom had never been so quiet, apart from the occasional sobs or wails. Everyone seemed to be stuck in disbelief. It was a touching sight to see the princess being carried by her men. But the princess was no longer the beautiful redhead she was famed to be. What lay upon the stretcher was an ugly mass of dead seaweed. If the figure had not known any better they would have thought that it was a psyren that was being carried into the kingdoms castle and not their new queen. Gradually as the procession passed and the mass of the people began to disappear the figure turned away also, disappearing into the hub of the city.
Though the castle seemed to alight with many candles there seemed to be a cold darkness that had descended. A solid silver slab decorated with furs and velvet awaited its princess, and as her body was laid to rest, the realty of the situation seemed to hit them all. Zilva was now a kingdom with no ruler and no one had idea how to bring back their princess.
 Days seemed to pass quickly, Xander had ordered every magician, wytch and gypsy to come to Zilva and attempt to break Tatiana’s spell. Nothing seemed to work and the more unsettled Zilva as a kingdom was becoming. Dorcus had arrived soon after. Her ashen face spoke a thousand words as she looked down at Bri. They had become so close in such a short space of time and she was grief stricken. Dorcus had also brought news the people of Zolar were pulling together to repair Demeter, and all that was missing was their own ruler. But Xander refused to leave until he knew that Bri would be cured.
 One morning one of the Zilva servants ran into the room, causing everyone to frown at him. He quickly bowed and they waited for him to get his breath back before he spoke. ‘The princess’ cousin has arrived.’ 
They looked towards the door just as Brandish entered. On land, he was tall and majestic as he strode into the room, with his head held high. In his hand, he held a small bottle, and Xander dared to hope that he held her cure in his hand. He greeted him warmly and was surprised that it was returned. ‘Is that a cure?’ Xander asked.
‘We know it will change her back for certain. Whether it will awaken her that’s a different story.’
‘Well let’s stop wasting time and give her it,’ the First snapped. 
All gathered as Brandish lifted Bri’s head slightly and poured the green liquid into her mouth. Waiting with baited breath nothing seemed to happen. Xander could see the First’s face was tight with tension. His jaw locked tight. 
‘Look, something is happening,’ the servant whispered. 
Sure enough, the black sludge was giving way to the emerald green of her tail. Tanned skin was starting to emerge and the gold spun hair of a mer was appearing. 
‘It’s working,’ Xander dared to whisper. 
‘Just wait,’ Brandish warned.
The tail turned into a pair of legs and the servant rushed to cover her nudity. She was whole again. She had returned to the girl she had once been. They waited a little longer for the gold of her hair to turn to the trademark blood red and when it didn’t they turned to Brandish. 
‘I am afraid that is all I can do,’ he said
‘Damn you,’ the First shouted. ‘Damn you all.’
The Princess had returned to herself but she had not awoken. All hope was gone and although no one wanted to say the words they all knew that a funeral would have to be planned and an heir to be found.

Twenty -Six

‘We should think about what happens to the kingdom,’ He said, finally taking the first step into planning. Dorcus turned to him, her tear stained face looked mortified at his suggestion. ‘I am sorry, but it is something we must prepare for.’
Dorcus slumped onto the bed and wiped her face with a handkerchief. ‘I know you’re right. I just don’t want to think about it,’ she answered. 
Xander placed his arm around her shoulder and soon she snuggled into his chest. He could feel the heat of her body and the beating of her heart. Her hair smelt of the woodlands and he found himself closing his eyes and soaking her in. He started to kiss her hair, and he heard her groan. Before he knew what was happening their lips were locked. He had forgotten how good she had felt in his arms. Suddenly, the room was filled with a blinding white light and the sound of a loud bang. Pulling away from each other Xander and Dorcus looked at the broken commitment band that lay on the bed in stunned silence. 
‘She is dead,’ the First screamed as Xander and Dorcas breathlessly entered the throne room. ‘The band is broken. She’s died.’
‘No,’ Xander said trying to calm him down. ‘Mine is broken too.’
He showed them all the remnants of his own band and they all looked at him puzzled, and then back Bri’s now bare arm. Her own band shattered. 
‘What does this mean?’ Dorcus asked. 
‘It means that the band was broken by love.’ They all apart from Dorcus and Xander looked at Surrial puzzled. ‘The only way the band can be broken is through death or love.’ Surrial continued ‘Hence it breaking at Briganti and Xander’s wedding.’
‘It broke when we kissed,’ Dorcus offered. 
‘In that case, there may be a way to save her,’ Surrial said

Twenty-Seven

‘You can’t hide in here forever. You should know the cure has not worked. She still sleeps.’ Croenda pulled off the heavy hooded robe. There was no answer. Sighing she walked into her living room and looked at the hunched figure beside the fire. ‘Did you hear what I said?’ she asked again. 
‘Yes, I heard you.’
Orlson lifted his face from his hands. A blanket covered his wings and body.  Croenda had been surprised when she had found him through her dreams. Her gypsy gift had helped release him from the psyren’s hold. She had dreamed that he was in need and she had gone to find him. It had been risky bringing him back to Zilva, but something had told her that his place was there and the princess needed him. Admitting defeat was something she had not wanted to do. She had loved him with all her heart, yet it had always been the princess that claimed his. Orlson’s bond had been more then what he wore on his arm, it stretched to his heart. Her own had been touched by the spectacle she had witnessed when the princess had been returned and now all she wanted was to do what was right. ‘Well? What are you going to do about it?’
‘What can I do?’ he asked
‘Show me your arm.’
Orlson looked up at her. ‘Why?’ Sighing Croenda went to him and grabbed his arm. ‘What you doing?’ he snapped
She pulled at his sleeve showing that his commitment band was still intact. ‘Prince Xander and his fae have shared a kiss and the band that he wears has broken, as as Bri’s.’
Orlson rose from his chair. ‘What does that mean?’ He asked. 
‘It means that you need to come out of hiding and face them all.’

Twenty-Eight

Two days had passed as subjects from Zolar and Zilva tried to wake the Zilva princess with a single kiss. Even the crew had tried, and much to the First’s dismay his kiss had not woken her. They all knew deep down that only one kiss would do, and that was gone. So all they could do was helplessly watch as the queues of men, both common and royal came and tried to break the spell. 
Darkness had soon fallen and with it a similar mood. The First and Clues were keeping their usual vigil at Bri’s side while the others slept. The situation was becoming dire and Xander was already preparing a state funeral for her. He had also started to gather other Zilva royals in the hope of finding an heir to rule in Bri’s place. This was proving the most difficult as Bri’s ancestors had long been High Kings and Queens and now it was time to find another bloodline to replace them. The only real alternative was Bri’s mer-cousin, Brandish and he had been reluctant. 
The throne room had never felt so cold and quiet and Clues was struggling to keep himself awake, much to the disgust of the First. Every now and then the room would fill with a low grumble as sleep took him and the First would respond by punching him in the arm. The sound of small footsteps reached the First’s ears and slowly he got to his feet and reached for his sword. He nudged Clues and held a finger to his lips as he noticed a movement in the shadows. Clues got to his feet, though not as elegantly and he too reached for his sword. The First stealthily moved around the edge of the room and slowly crept up behind the intruder and held the point of his sword at its back. 
‘What is your purpose here?’ he asked
‘First, wait!’ Clues said suddenly. 
The First moved so he could face the hooded figure and seeing him, ripped the hood from his head. ‘You have no right being here.’
Clues shouted a servant to get the others as Orlson stood between he and the First, whom by the looks on his face was still eager to run him through with the blade. 
‘I came because Bri needs me,’ Orlson whispered. 
‘It is Royal Highness to you.’ Orlson barely flinched as Xander’s fist connected with his face, but everyone was surprised enough to take a step back. Breathless from running Xander was not deterred as he still held his fists up. 
‘I am not here to fight,’ Orlson said ‘I will do what I need to and then I will leave. You will never see me in Zilva ever again.’
‘Go and hide in Nepta with the salamanders just like your father did,’ Xander spat.
Surrial stepped forward and placed himself between his prince and his new found nephew. For once he looked at Orlson with some sympathy. When angels matured, the phase from child to adult was an immensely intense time, which was why they went into the military. The excess aggression was able to be burned off and controlled in a constructive way. But Orlson had only just come into that power and when he had seen the Queen going towards Briganti with the dagger, the reaction would have been on a basic instinct to protect. Not his fault at all, but making others see it that way was another story. ‘At the end of the day we need him,’ Surrial said ‘and if Briganti wants him to stay once she awakes then we have to accept her choice.’
The First grunted as he lowered his blade and Orlson gave a sigh of relief. Xander returned to Dorcus’ side and she gave him a reassuring nod and squeeze. He knew Surrial was right, but it still did not excuse the guardian’s actions. Taking the lead he and Dorcus led Orlson towards where Briganti laid and they heard Orlson choke back a sob. Since her changed form, Dorcus and Briganti’s ladies and dressed her naked body in robes of green silk and in the candle light it shimmered just as her tail had done. Her face had now started to pale in colour as it seemed she, herself, was preparing to give up the fight. Orlson looked down at her and felt heavy in heart. He had done this to her. He had allowed his own ego to cloud his judgement and now his princess was paying the price. Being seven years older, it was assumed once he reached a certain age he would resent his duties, but that had never been the case. They would fish in the sea for hours or chase each other through the muddy streets, finding a tree to huddle beneath and just stay there for hours. He loved her and now it was down to him to do the very last thing as guardian and that was to save her. 
He stood beside the cold slab that she was laid upon and looked down at her. His heart was beating hard and he quickly looked back at the others. They all, apart from Dorcus and Surrial glared at him coldly, but the two of them gave him the smallest of smiles and a nod. Reaching a hand behind her head, he was surprised how warm she still was despite the room holding a chill. He lifted her head gently and took a deep breath. It was now or never. So leaning in, he kissed her gently on the lips. He had no idea how long it would take for it to work as time seemed to tick away slowly.
‘You know we never tried the ship?’ Decks said, breaking the tense silence, ‘What? It’s an option.’ He defended as they all looked at him. 
Tears formed in Orlson’s eyes. They had all been certain that he was the one, but clearly Orlson’s kiss was no better then everyone else’s. He started to lower her back onto the slab when he felt her body twitch. His breath caught in his throat as her eyes fluttered open and he was met by their greenness. Then, suddenly she had grabbed hold of him and was kissing him hard on the lip.

Twenty-Nine

Though still in state of disrepair there was no stopping Zolar from celebrating. Flecks of gold and silver confetti filled the air and crowds from both kingdoms filled the streets in joyous celebration. Zilvans and Zolans mingled together and enjoyed the party atmosphere. Children dressed as princes and princess and enjoyed the freedom on playing in the streets, while their parents drank themselves merry and sang songs of hope and goodwill. Inside the palace, drapes of gold and silver filled the throne room as well as subjects from each kingdom. Even King Aquim and his mers were in attendance causing the room to smell of the sea. Upon the thrones dressed in their finery were the new High King and Queen of Celestia, Briganti and Xander. The wizards had placed the crowns of gold and silver on each head. Xander wore robes of silver, while Briganti wore a golden gown that matched her still golden locks to honour the other’s kingdom. Both rose from their thrones to a thunderous applause. Zilva had promised to do all it could to bring Zolar back to its glory and each had put their differences to one side for the good of Celestia. Hand in hand Briganti and Xander descended the steps where the Orlson and Dorcus waited. The four stood together as the room erupted once more. Briganti and Xander promised to rule as true partners, just not married ones, each marrying whom they chose. 
Briganti, still in her gown boarded the Crux as Clues and Decks prepared the ship for home. Waving at Xander and Dorcus she felt a sense of relief flood her. Orlson’s arm was still at her waist and all she could think about was getting back home. It had seemed a lifetime ago that she had first arrived here with her mother preparing to marry the prince of Zolar and now she was the High Queen with the husband she never thought she would marry. But the question was after all that they had all gone through would they ever live happily ever after. She looked up at Orlson’s blue eyes as he smiled down at her and she shook such thoughts from her head. Of course. It is how every faerie tale ends, no matter what she would live happily ever after. 

####










About the author:
Decee Foulkes lives under the shadow of an ancient abbey on the northern regions of Yorkshire. She has a fascination with the Brothers Grimm and Tim Burton and takes inspiration from both in her writing.
Discover other titles by Decee Foulkes at Smashwords.com:
http://www.deceefoulkes.co.uk
 Contact me online
http://www.twitter.com/angelicdemons



