



The Plenty


By Peter Anthony












Copyright © 2011 Peter Anthony
All rights reserved.



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

  

Chapters
Chapter 1. 	5
Chapter 2. 	16
Chapter 3. 	22
Chapter 4. 	41
Chapter 5. 	48
Chapter 6. 	55
Chapter 7. 	71

Chapter 8. 	87
Chapter 9. 	93
Chapter 10.  	105
Chapter 11. 	113
Chapter 12.  	125
Chapter 13.  	130
Chapter 14.  	134
Chapter 15.  	142
Chapter 16. 	156
Chapter 17. 	174
Chapter 18.  	186
Chapter 19.  	194
Chapter 20. 	201
Chapter 21. 	217
Chapter 22. 	225
Chapter 23.  	235
Chapter 24. 	259
Chapter 25.  	265
Chapter  26. 	279
Chapter 27. 	285
Chapter 28.  	293
Chapter 29.  	299
Chapter 30. 	313
Chapter 31. 	322
Chapter 32.  	329
Chapter 33. 	336

Chapter 1. 

In the cool grass, the Werther girls tackled their brother, Bryce, pressing yellow construction paper to the front and back of his shirt, wrapping him in packing tape.  Dawn and Rhea wore their Halloween costumes a day early while they sat upon the toddler, drawing on him with magic marker, rough strokes on the paper creating the black lines of a bee.  They pinned his arms over his head.  The stinger he refused, violently, when they attached it to his nose.  He cried and protested, flapped his arms until they gave up and then he missed the attention once they abandoned him.  They had moved to the edge of the yard, to where the corn stood, resuming an argument started on the school bus that afternoon, when certain boys questioned their costumes.
Dawn said, "You really do look like a fly."
"I'm not a fly," said Rhea.  "I'm a witch."
"But if you look like a fly instead of a witch then you're a fly.  And flies are bugs and tarantulas eat bugs."  Dawn lifted her arms, all eight of them, affixed to her spider costume.  "They catch flies in their webs and spin them and eat them.  Dia-Rhea is a fly."
"I'm a witch."
"Bzzz."
Rhea swiped at her sister and missed.  Dawn fled toward the cornfield and ran into the first rows, hiding and inviting pursuit, peering out from behind wrinkled brown leaves and dead tassels that leaned from the weight of mature ears on the stalk.  
"Mom said we're not supposed to go in there," Rhea yelled.  Bryce clung to Rhea's pant leg, with his forced costume already falling to pieces.  
"They aren't picking this field today," said Dawn, pulling an ear off a plant and thumbing kernels, watching them fall to the soil. 
"Mom said…"
"Mom doesn't know," said Dawn sharply, setting her chin on her shoulder, glancing at the house.  "Besides," she added, tossing the corn to the ground, "don't you want to go to the fort one more time?  Before it's gone?"
"It's almost dark," said Rhea, stepping away from her brother as he pressed his runny nose against her pants. 
 "Well, I'm going," said Dawn.  "I'll protect the fort by myself, since it is my fort."  She turned her back to Rhea and stepped into the field, disappearing in the rows and columns of corn.  Rhea watched  from the lawn, undecided, fretting.  Dawn reappeared near the edge of the field, in a different place, all teeth and taunting.
"It's not your fort, it's ours," Rhea shouted, and ran toward Dawn, abandoning mother's rules.  "Let go of me, bee," she said to Bryce.  "Wipe your nose on your sleeve." 
They ran down a row, single-file, with the nine-year-old leading the five-year-old dragging the two-year-old.  Dawn leaped across rows and Rhea tried to follow, running as fast as Bryce could stumble.  A flock of birds ascended in front of Dawn.  She screamed and raised her arms to shield her face from the birds overhead.  
"A beak in my eye!" she yelled over her shoulder.  
"A beak?" said Rhea, ever gullible to Dawn's claims. "Hurry up, Bryce!"  Turning around, she watched the boy trip on a dirt clod and fall to his knees.  She retreated to help.  
"Up!" he said, motioning to her with raised arms.  
"You're too heavy," Rhea said.
He started to whine.  The lower lip thickened.  Eyes saddened into crescents.  His arms stretched out toward Rhea.  
Cinching her arms around Bryce's waist, she lifted and squeezed until his chubby toddler arms squirted out of her grip, overhead, causing her handle of the boy to slip with each step until she only held him by the neck.  Pages of construction paper fell to the ground.  The crushed bee started to choke and Rhea released him.   
"You'll have to walk then," Rhea said. 
"Potty."
"You have to go?"  
He nodded.  
Rhea said, "Ok, pull your pants down and go." 
Bryce began to loosen his pants, but with his button-fly lassoed by tape, he struggled, fingers fiddling, and was not in time.  "Help," he said, saying the word over and over, "help", one of his few single word sentences.  A wet stain on his jeans began to show through his pants.  
"Oh Bryce."  Rhea pulled tape from his skin, shirt, and pants.  It pinched and pulled his flesh.  She overpowered his defensive hands and said, "Now you're all wet.  Now we have to go to Mommy."
"Fort," he said, with eyes starting to water.
"It's for girls only."
"Me fort," he said, bending shoulders and neck to match the drama of the whine.  
A faint voice called out ahead of them.  Celebratory, Dawn had found the hideout.  Without hesitation, Rhea grabbed the boy's hand and they started to walk together as quickly as his short legs could place one foot in front of the other without tripping.  
They continued down the same row until a small clearing of bright space opened before them.  "There it is," said Rhea.  "The fort."
"Fort?" 
He was always asking dumb questions.  Rhea released his hand to run forward.  When she reached the edge of the clearing, she leaped inside, shouting the password, the name of their cat, Cheryl.  
But the fort was empty.  In the middle of the opening, Dawn's throne of corn stalks appeared abdicated.  The vacancy attracted Rhea like a pot of gold.  The throne's availability made her cheeks ripen with expectation.  Rhea needed to sit there, needed to be queen of the fort, for once.  
Upon the pile of dead stalks, instant gratification welled in Rhea.  Peasant no more, rags to riches, she was queen.  But only briefly could she enjoy the throne as the solitude surrounded her.  The moment of feeling superior shrunk in the silence, a presence of its own.  An open pale sky above became strange.  Corn leaves rustled in the wind.  The corn walls wavered in the breeze.  It was odd to be alone.  An eerie lack of voices made her yearn for Bryce to join her, to rid herself of the quiet.  Soon, near the entrance, tassel-tops wiggled, and though she knew it to be her brother, a fear continued to shake her, an absurd fear that it might not be Bryce.  Most of all she feared a ghost, or worse, the bear from Wayne County shown on the six o'clock news every night for the past week.   
When Bryce appeared, wiping his nose with his hand, his presence relieved her.  He ran forward until he tripped and fell on his face.  Rhea then relaxed on the throne.  With another person in the fort, she could again enjoy her status.  The rustle of leaves continued, no longer sinister, the sky gaped as wide, but no longer seemed vacuous and infinite.  No ghosts in the stalks worried her.  And just when she felt relaxed, a pair of hands reached under her armpits and turned her skin to ice.  The once and future queen had returned.
"Boo!"
Dawn lunged and yanked Rhea from the throne.  Eight flailing arms danced about while Rhea pawed at the air with her eyes closed.   
"Get off my seat!"
"I was on it first."
"Only because I let you.  Flies don't get to sit on thrones, they sit on cow pies."  Dawn moved to one side of the fort and constructed a small pile of dirt clumps, pointing at it with authority.  "There.  There's your seat, fly.  In the peasant area, over there."
"I'm not sitting on that."
"The peasants sit over here," said Dawn, speaking articulately, altering her voice to sound like her teacher, who Dawn deemed the standard of propriety.  "Please, peasant fly – please, sit on your pie."
"No."
"Be a good maggot," said Dawn.  
"You sit on it."
Courtliness faded.  Dawn's royal face soured.  "You don't tell me what to do.  Nobody tells me what to do."  Order returned when the queen took up a handful of the pretender's hair and twisted it in her regal knuckles.  Rhea rose to her feet and moved from the throne to the dirt pile, following Dawn to lessen the pain, like a hooked fish.
"Thank you for cooperating," said Dawn, smoothing her tarantula dress, putting her fingers together and sitting with excellent posture on the throne.  "At last, peace in the realm."  Using a fallen tassel, Dawn pretended to comb her hair.  She patted her cheeks with corn silk, as if powdering her face.  She exhaled and peered into space with her chin high.  "A splendid evening, isn't it?"  Dawn began to sing a song, letting her golden voice fill the fort.  
Bryce stood near the throne, entranced by the song while observing the application of imaginary makeup.  Dawn used the boy as her closet and mirror, placing the silk on his head, taking it back, sticking a corncob in his pocket, moving it to his armpit.  Then she scoffed and sighed, shook her head, said, "This won't do, not at all," and she yanked the corncob from the arm – her curling iron – and resumed preening.  
"Jester," she said to Bryce.  "Where is the costume that I made for you?"
He rubbed his dirty face, smearing leftover tears with dirt and mucous.  Each time he rubbed, he altered the pattern of filth on his cheeks.  The only clean part of his face was a ring around his mouth, rimmed by a rash on his chin and upper lip due to a constant licking of lips.  
"Jester?"
His finger pointed at the corn row from where he had emerged.  "Uh-oh."
"Uh-oh?  Your costume is uh-oh?  We are not amused," said Dawn.  "Then you must dance for me."
Crippled with embarrassment, Rhea scowled on the dirt pile, but hearing the ridicule aimed at another, her spirit lifted.  
"No," said Bryce. 
"Dance for me."
"No!" 
"Ok, you're in the dungeon now, Jester.  You cannot speak to a queen like that.  Over here," said Dawn, pointing to a square of rocks gathered near the throne.  Without arguing, Bryce stepped into the jail and Dawn pretended to lock a door with a key, and then pretended to swallow the key and rubbed her stomach.  Bryce smiled from his jail.  
Rhea said, "There's no smiling in the dungeon."
Dawn said, "And there's no talking in the peasant area."
"Yes there is.  I'm talking…I can talk."  Proving this she sang and talked nonsense.  Dawn commanded her to stop, but failing to quell Rhea, she ignored her, curling her hair with the cob once again, staring aloof toward the east.  When her prattle did not gain attention, Rhea stopped and began to mimic her sister, finding a corn cob and tassel of her own.  Bryce licked his lips in jail. 
"I almost forgot," said Dawn.  "I almost forgot, we have guests coming."
"Is it the prince again?"  Rhea stood up.  "Do we need more space in the castle?"
"We do," said Dawn, tapping her cheek.  "Much more space.  Oh, how could I forget that today was the big day?"
"Eric is coming," said Rhea, referring to a Disney prince.  "I will make up a room over here."
"Corey will be here, too," said Dawn, referring to a boy from her class.  "I will make a bigger room on this side."
"Who's Corey?" asked Rhea. 
"No one."
The girls moved to opposite edges of the fort and turned their backs to the corn.  In unison, they fell backwards, knocking down the corn, squealing in the tumble.  Again they stood and fell, bending and breaking the farmer's corn, laughing with the fall.  Again.  Bryce escaped his jail and ran face first into a row, knocking down several of the brittling plants.  The fort began this way in late July and had expanded with every visit.  The thrill waned after a few minutes, and the Dawn deemed the fort sufficiently widened for the imaginary guests.  
Dawn ran outside of the fort into the standing rows and then emerged inside the fort at a different spot.  Following her lead, Rhea ran in the other direction.  Each sister rushed out from the corn at a different location, startling Bryce, who clapped his hands and squealed and pushed his elbows together and licked his lips.  
The game became serious when Rhea stuck out her foot and tripped Dawn, causing the older sister to fall and knock her nose against the peasant clods of dirt.  
Rhea fled the fort, fearing Dawn's retaliation.  The chase began.  The girls ran into the cornfield.  Corn leaves batted Rhea's face as she sprinted, and to lose her follower she changed rows every few seconds.  The sound of footsteps neared.  Rhea turned in the field, running in a straight line once again until the crashing of corn stalks came within arm's reach.  The lungs of Rhea could not hold out against the long legs of Dawn.  Rhea felt her knees buckle as the weight of her sister collapsed over her back.  
"I hope you like dirt," said Dawn, putting a handful down the back of Rhea's shirt, causing an insurmountable shame in the younger girl.  Screaming was no defense, but still worth a try.  Dawn held Rhea down for a a few seconds longer before allowing her a chance to move, and then when Rhea did move, Dawn pushed her down again and stepped on her feet.  Another cycle of the same catch-and-release, and Rhea had enough.  Tears were no defense either, as Dawn would not relent until Rhea appealed to responsibility.  
"What about Bryce?"
"What about him?"
"We had better check on him."
This caused Dawn to straighten up, under the reminder that their mother did not dawdle when doling punishments for mismanagement of the boy.  Dawn released Rhea and walked back toward the fort.   
Expecting to be stepped on again, Rhea hesitated, turning her head to make certain that Dawn no longer hovered.  Dust covered Rhea's face and she felt pieces of dirt falling from her shirt into her pants.  The polyester witch costume was now dusty and scratched.  Rubbing the dirt from the front of her shirt only increased the mess.  Suddenly the shame she felt from Dawn's beating faded as she worried that her mother would not allow her to go trick-or-treating.  Rather, the shame and the worry banded together, as it always did for Rhea, causing an crushing sadness in her chest.
Carrying this weight, shaking dirt from her pants with each step, Rhea walked with her head down, thinking of her mother's warning about not playing too rough at lunch so that the costume would remain clean.  A week ago in the Ben Franklin store she had begged for the costume, mainly because her mother wanted her to wear a frog suit picked up on the cheap from a rummage sale.  Rhea hated frogs.  The witch costume on the rack, wrapped in plastic, with the picture of a little girl casting a spell with a wand, captivated her.  (Wand sold separately, she found out upon opening the package.)  So happy in the picture, the girl with her magic powers, the ability to change things, make things better.  If her father, Josh Werther, had taken her to the football game that night, then her costume would still be clean.  But he had refused to take her to the game, because he had to hold the chains on the sideline.  He never took Rhea anywhere.  Her mother would be mad.  All too clearly, once again obvious to Rhea, everyone hated her.  She felt that the world was one enormous conspiracy against her. 
Ruminating, Rhea stumbled down the corn row, locked in her negative mode, until she forgot her self-pity when something moved in the row ahead of where she stood.  A jerky motion startled her.  Two yellow eyes stared in her direction.  Unable to move, her shoulders stiffened from anxiety, like that in the silence of the fort.  A blob of flesh surrounded the yellow eyes, balled up on the ground.  She whispered, "Dawn?"  
The animal darted away at the sound of her voice, flashing a ringed tail, leaving the row.  
Rhea spun around.  Rather than following the rows vertically, Rhea ran across the rows horizontally, not changing direction but going straight, going deeper yet into the field, to a place she had never been, only breaking loose from the fear when she tripped on a stalk.  The ground startled her when she landed on her elbows.  
Getting up again, she noticed the gathering darkness.  The light of day neared its end and the shadows of corn grew long enough that there was only dusk.  She turned in a circle to find her place, yearning to find the fort, or the road, or the house, but even on her tip-toes she could only see the nearest stalks, and those withered plants began to seem a legion of thin monsters, all closing on in her.  She ran again, back in the direction of the fort, or so she guessed.  She prayed that the fort entrance would glow bright before her, but her legs fatigued with hope as nothing but corn confronted her.  Turning another direction randomly, she convinced herself that Bryce and Dawn would be shouting her name if she ran only a few steps more.  Now and then she stopped to listen, only hearing the rustling of dry leaves in the autumn breeze.  The silence again.  In desperation she tried to climb a stalk, putting her feet on the ears of corn like rungs on a ladder, but they broke off and her feet dropped to the ground.  She could see nothing, being three feet tall in a sixty acre cornfield on a flat prairie.  
She started to cry, eyes filling up with tears so that she could not see a foot in front of her.  Images of the raccoon and other animals took shape and morphed in her blurry view.  The spiny feet of the corn plants turned into hairy spiders.  She set out aimlessly, blubbering, until a hum sounded in a distant direction.  A car or a truck.  It was the sound of something man-made.  She set out toward the noise.  The whine of a machine an oasis in the field.

Chapter 2. 

"Shut it down," said Ray Marak, motioning with his hand at his neck.  The driver of the combine, Judd Blanks, turned off the engine, causing the rusting behemoth to clatter and knock until the engine stopped, emitting several guttural diesel sounds, bucking forward nearly a yard in the last throe.   
"Thought we might finish a field once without a breakdown," said Ray.  "Five more minutes and we're done here."
"Should I call the service guy again?" asked Judd, who stood on the combine's platform, scratching his head using his hat.  
"No," said Ray, "it's just plugged."
"Again?" said Judd.  "You need a new combine."
"Do you have a hundred thousand dollars to loan me? 
"I don't have a hundred dollars."   
"You just got paid.  Where'd that money go?"
Judd dismounted the combine and walked in rangy steps.  With one knee bent and his boot on a fender of the cornhead, Judd announced with equal parts pleasure and shame, "Bought a new car stereo."
Crammed with dirt and wadded plants, the augur at the front of the combine resembled a beaver dam.  An ear of corn fell out and Ray picked it up to inspect.  Golden rows aligned on the ear, plump but wet.  The yield would be high but the freeze did not come until late September and the July and August rains made all things moist too long.  A month since the freeze, but the weight of the ear in his hand still had heft.  1992 would be a bumper crop year, but with the wetness, the bin dryers would run until Christmas and drink kilowatt-hours day and night.  Always some unforeseen cost, some thousand or ten thousand dollars not factored in during spring planting.  Forecast for the weekend told of more rain, possible freezing.  And fat ears with ice fall off of plants.  Time was indeed money.  
It was the fourth day of harvest for Ray and he had breakdowns from the first field.  With the Marak acreage already finished, he had moved on to the Masterson farm, where Ray rented the land.  The death of Renee's father, Ben Masterson, made the land Ray's – not to own, but to rent.  Renee, Ray's wife, jointly owned the property with her two brothers, both of whom refused to sell their share because they entertained ideas of coming back to Immaculate to farm after they retired from their business careers in the suburbs.  But with each passing year, their homecoming became less likely and the discussion of selling the land became a topic to avoid at holiday gatherings.  One of the brothers had showed his hand, admitting that he was monitoring agricultural land prices.  In different discussions, the brother, an avid fisherman, spoke of plans to buy a cabin on Leech Lake, making it obvious to Ray – should the sale come, he would be paying the full market rate for the Masterson land.   
Even without owning it outright, Ray increased his land from one hundred sixty acres to four hundred.  Ben Masterson, shrewder than suspected, managed to buy and pay for a few small surrounding farms, creating a significant property before he died.  Through this rental arrangement, sibling politics aside, Ray became a cash-cropper, increasing his income.  He remained cheap about machinery.
"Pull hard," Ray said, watching Judd strain.  "Put your back into it.  You can't just pull out the stalks that you can see – the problem is inside, you gotta get your hand in there."
"You're the one that plugged it," said Judd, letting go with a grunt.  "That clump is tighter than a nun."  He stood on the augur, tightening his gloves.  
"How would you know?" said Ray.  He looked at Judd and shook his head at the imagery.  Not the hardest of workers, but aside from his dirty mouth, Judd was fairly reliable and arrived on time when not on a bender.  For eight years, Judd had helped with hay and harvest.  Having no steady job, the thirty-two-year old drifted from construction jobs to farm work, taking time off in between stints to unload his money, on cars mostly.  The rest of it on women, whims, and gambling on pull-tabs.  The boys, Ethan and Jacob, seemed to like him, although Renee wished him away for the crudeness of his mouth.  
"You're younger than me," said Ray.  "Shouldn't take a man in his forties to clear this one."
"I'm saving myself for when I run my own place," he said.  
"Think of this as your own place, Judd.  Step aside." 
"I can get it."
"Get," said Ray, propping his feet against the augur, throwing his gloves to the ground.  He reached into the machine with both hands, fastening himself to a lump inside and leaned back, slowly turning the augur and clump until the mess broke loose and the corn, leaves, and dirt spilled down the fenders onto the gathering chains.  
"There," said Ray, inspecting a small cut on his finger.  "Not so hard, was it?  Go fire it up again."
They hopped down to the ground.  Judd climbed into the cab, started the engine, and engaged the cornhead.  With a foot on the fender, Ray leaned forward to observe the moving parts.  The augur turned.  The gathering chains climbed backward toward the augur, the augur screw turned in its hypnotizing loop.  Ready to pick.  
Ray motioned Judd to come down.  They met at the bottom of the ladder where Ray gave him instructions.  He yelled over the engine noise.  "Pull those three gravity boxes into the field across the road.  Don't just pull them wagons in and drop 'em, turn 'em around so that they face the road.  Otherwise we'll tip on the way out like we did last year.  I don't have a mighty desire to shovel a couple hundred bushels off the ground again."
"Sure thing."
"I'm going to finish this field and then start on the field across the road."  
The ever-present smirk left Judd's face.  "You mean…are you going to do that whole field yet tonight?  The big field?"
Ray said, "That's the plan."
Judd nodded.  "You know, it's getting dark."  
"Getting dark, huh."  Ray considered Judd's comment and said, "Yeah, I can read between the whines.  Afraid to ask or what?  Yes, you can go home."
"Actually, my girl is on me about spending time," Judd said, needing an excuse to get away and drink until full. 
"Spending time?" said Ray.  "Women have a way of saying things.  Better go see her then." 
"She's scratching at the walls."
"She get in some poison ivy?  I know she can't be bad after a scrawny rat like yourself." 
"I could take you, Ray."
"You can take a…."  He stopped.  Nowhere to go with his rejoinder but to cuss, so he stopped, and after a series of blowups in the past year, he decided he could swear less at the cattle and tools.    "See you in the morning."
Ray climbed the ladder of the combine and started flipping switches, setting his radio station to AM so that he could listen to the Immaculate football game against Sharpsboro, hoping to hear Jacob's name.  Last year, the harvest forced Ray to miss a game when Jacob had scored two touchdowns.  
Ray watched Judd walk toward the tractor parked in the ditch.  The hired man broke into a trot, and then a fast jog, like a child released from school.  In the combine cab, Ray made a final check of his gauges and turned on the lights.  A host of halogens brightened the field in front of him.  He dropped the combine into gear, let the machine crawl forward like a tank into the rows, set the cornhead down, and watched stalks fall, devoured between the pointed fenders as the chains ripped the plants upward into the augur, through the thresher, spewing the remains of leaves and dust onto a field of stubble.    
Within ten minutes, he had finished the field and pointed his wheels toward the road.  The next field was on the other side of the highway.  No sleep, he decided, until the next sixty acres was in the wagons and bins.  Before the rain, the freeze.
From the cab, Ray could see far.  Crossing the road, he looked toward the Werther house on the far side of the field, tucked away on a long private driveway.  The house still irritated Ray, ever since Josh purchased the parcel to build his country estate.  Bad enough that their lives intersected through the bank and Ethan, but Josh also made his home on the same land of Ray's wife.  The hatchet was buried, he had forgiven for Werther and Renee for the past.  Buried and forgiven does not mean forgotten.  Try as he did, Ray often slipped on his dedication to forgiveness when the problem of remembering interjected.  The decision had not been Ray's to sell that square of land to Werther, nor was it Renee's - her brothers held a majority.   Then again, no one could say no to Josh Werther when he offered to pay a premium for those three wooded acres.  As for Ray, the Masterson land was not his, not yet, and Werther received the title to his parceled land. 
Not far from the house, Ray noticed a gap in the cornfield, a hole where no plants stood, and he squinted at it.  "What the hell happened over there?" he said, looking at the void, where no stalks stood, wondering if he had forgotten to set the line while planting in the spring, or if the planter had failed to drop seeds for a moment.  
Ray's attention turned away from the gap when he noticed that Judd had parked the three wagons in the wrong direction, right after Ray told him otherwise.  He swore several times, turned up the volume on the radio, and dropped the picker down for another night between the rows.

Chapter 3. 

After the football game, Jacob Marak basked in adoration.  Slaps on the back, handshakes from various coaches, and praise from parents and kids who said "Good game, Jacob," as he took a drink of water near the sideline ropes.  His mother, Renee, sat with a blanket over her knees in the middle of the bleachers and waved.  To boost her pride and sharpen the envy of the moms around her, Jacob blew his mother a kiss.  Stars in her eyes.      
Before leaving the field, the football team gathered near the fifty yard-line for a speech from the head coach.  Jacob bowed his head for a short post-game prayer, peeking out of one eye, waiting until his teammates' heads were downcast at the lawn.  When it seemed safe, he scanned the sideline to inventory the girls waiting for post-game extracurricular activities.  Two for me, he estimated. Maybe three.  A bird in the hand – never as good as two in the bush under the bluff behind the Barry farm, where a tire bonfire already smoked.  Two sophomore volleyball players.  A junior cross-country runner.  Then there was the senior girl in the band, holding her clarinet case and waving to him.  A fish in a barrel.  Winning the game – that was nice.  But winning and having a cooler full of beer on ice and girls waiting – that was sublime.  
The coach concluded his prayer and Jacob quickly put his head down and closed his eyes, regaining humility.  He silently thanked the Lord for sophomore girls and volleyball legs and jealous clarinet players and most of all he thanked the Lord for Judd Blanks, who had purchased the beer and charged no underage markup.  Amen.
"I want to see you all in the morning," said the coach.  "We need to watch the video of the game to correct some mistakes.  Don't do anything stupid tonight." 
Jacob and his friends laughed their way to the locker room.  No, they would not do anything stupid, like go home.  They showered as quickly as possible and slapped cologne on their bodies from a shared bottle of Drakkar.  Still wet from slipshod toweling, Jacob pulled on his clothes and ran out to his truck.  
"What are you doing?" asked Jacob's best friend, Aaron Mixon, when Jacob immediately pulled out a beer from the cooler.  "The coach is right there."      
"Oh, you're right, Aaron" said Jacob.  "Guess I better do it fast."  He laid the beer horizontal in his hand and leaned the can back and forth until he felt the bubble inside.  He punched his thumbnail through the aluminum, using a trick Judd Blanks had showed him one afternoon after unloading square bales.  Jacob had years of practice on soda cans, a trick perfected for when he started drinking beer at age fifteen.  Hardly a drop dribbled onto the seat as Jacob lifted the can overhead, opened the pop-top to let air in, and shotgunned 12-ounces in a few seconds.   
"Midnight curfew," Jacob said wiping his mouth.  "No time to waste.  Smoke?" 
Aaron took the cigarette but held it low and unlit under the dash.  
"We have a small window of time," said Jacob, lighting his cigarette.  "Not only tonight, but I mean this year."
"What are you doing?  Don't light it yet," said Aaron.  "You're going to get us nailed.  He's looking this way."  Aaron waited for Jacob to stop, but he didn't.  "The coach, Jacob."
"Let him look.  It doesn't even register in his brain that we could be doing something wrong, don't you see?  We're in the parking lot of the school."  Jacob inhaled again.  "Who in their right mind would risk smoking in front of the faculty?"
"He'll smell the smoke.  You can't hide that.  He'll see the cherry."
"Oh?"  Jacob put the cigarette between his middle-finger and ring finger, then inhaled through his fist like a smokestack, bugging his eyes, and watching the lit end glow bright.  At the same time, he pressed the brake and accelerator so that the wheels spun and squealed.  The modified muffler growled when Jacob wound the engine to five thousand RPMs and barked the tires on the dry pavement, speeding away on his oversize tires.  Jacob's non-cigarette hand waved to the head coach who returned a thumbs-up and a proud-of-you pursed expression to his star running back.  
With the coach out of sight, Jacob threw his empty beer can on the school lawn.  He laughed.  How could he help but laugh, when people were so wonderful?  People liked to be fooled.  They even wanted to be fooled.  And whenever Jacob had been caught fooling, the outcome only fortified his belief, because forgiveness always followed.  Time and again this proved true.  He had mastered the downcast look of a dog, for use in confession or detention or when facing a girl who had just found out about the other girl – and the glowering of the punisher soon withered.  And they would get over it, whatever it was that he did.  They always did.  They all did.
He drove to the other side of football field.  Two silhouettes waited near a fence, as promised in the note passed during his study-hall hour.  Jacob shined his headlights on the girls. 
"I don't even care if we make it to the party," Aaron said.  "As long as we got girls, we should just drive around."
"I care," said Jacob.  
The girls climbed in, giggling, reaching over Aaron to grab the wheel and slide over the top of him.  
"Can I have a beer?" asked one of the girls, named Tricia. 
"Sure," said Aaron.  
"I don't like beer," said the other, Ellen.  "Do you have any wine coolers?"
"Not in this truck," said Jacob.  "Beer or nothing.  But I know a trick.  If you don't like beer, I know a way to learn to like it."
"What trick?" said Ellen, opening the beer that Aaron put in her hand.  Her perfume emanated from her face whichever direction it turned.  
"Play the song," Jacob said.  Aaron reached for a Nirvana tape in the sun visor and stuck it into the tape deck.  While the tape rewound, Jacob said, "Now every time you can't understand the lyrics, you take a drink."  A loud crackling started when Aaron pushed play.  The city limits of Immaculate passed in the rear view and they turned onto a gravel road, with the music blaring.  
"You're already fifteen drinks behind," Jacob said after the first lyric, lifting his can to his mouth.  
The girls laughed and shrugged.  Tricia chugged and Ellen sipped.  Aaron signaled to Jacob that his empty can needed throwing.  Jacob veered toward a no-passing sign and the can sailed thirty feet wide of the target.  
 "I wish that linebacker from Sharpsboro was going to be there tonight," said Aaron.  
"Why?" asked Ellen.
"So I could punch him."
"For what?"  She shook her head, shocked at the idea.
"Just because," said Aaron.
"Forget about him," said Jacob.  "Aaron tells me you're a virgin, is that true?"
"I did not say that," said Aaron.
"Oh my God," said Ellen, "that's none of your business."
"She is," said Tricia, sipping her beer and smirking while Ellen shoved her.
The confirmation tripled Jacob's interest in Ellen, until Ellen said, "So is Tricia!" 
"Shut up," said Tricia.  
"It's nothing to be ashamed of," said Jacob.  "I'm a virgin."
"You are?" Ellen said.  "I don't believe that."
"I am," said Jacob.  "This morning I woke up and had this amazing feeling come over me.  Dazzling light, angels, shit flying around, and I knew then and there I was born-again."  He turned his head toward Ellen and acted as if his arm, neck, and steering wheel had fused together, turning the wheel with each turn of his head.  The truck veered into the ditch for a moment before he turned his eyes back toward the road.  
"It was such a wonderful feeling, Ellen."  Each time he spoke, he turned toward her and took his eyes away from the road, crossing outside the white line and into the ditch grass.  "If only you could know what it feels like to be born-again.  It's better than the original."  
"Watch the road!"
"I felt special," Jacob said.  "Not the retarded special, but special."
"You're going to hit the culvert!"
"I can only hope…"
"Don't.  Jacob, stop, please!"
"That tomorrow…" 
"Jesus!"
"I can be born-again, again.  Hold on."
The truck leapt over the field driveway into a hayfield, where he revved the engine and made donuts in the land, spinning his tires, kicking up dust and dead alfalfa.  Ellen screamed until she lost her breath, gripping Jacob's knee.  On the other side, Tricia laughed and leaned into Aaron, whose arm wrapped around her waist.  
Jacob had spent the afternoon spent waxing his truck.  Now a coat of dust covered the red paint.  While waxing, Jacob had ignored the grain augur and it overflowed with corn twice.  He left the mess on the ground, knowing that Ray would shovel it back into the augur.  The corn was not going anywhere and Jacob was.  
Down a long winding valley road, the music blared from the windows and the girls took aim at traffic signs, leaning over Aaron and Jacob to reach out the window to toss their empty cans, allowing prolonged brushes and less than coincidental touches on their jeans and sweaters.  The Barry farm neared at the bottom of the valley.
"Cigarette?" said Jacob.  
Tricia said, "No, I don't smoke.  My grandfather died of smoking."
"Your grandfather?" Jacob repeated.  "You didn't expect him to live forever, did you?"
"How rude!" said Ellen.  "What a terrible thing to say."
Entering the valley Jacob's truck passed a pile of junk, an appliance graveyard of old washing machines and rusted hot water heaters, the unofficial country dump where cars and trucks from all around Immaculate crept at night to unload the undisposable.  Stacks of tires listed between prone furnaces and freezers.  A flickering glow appeared ahead in the road as they approached the turn.  The glint of taillights from parked cars sparkled.  A person leaned against a truck.  Jacob's headlights illuminated the boy, Shawn Geiger, stoking a one-hitter with another stoner.  Laughter came from somewhere in the trees.  Passing a parked vehicle, the tell-tale bass beat of a country song teetered up and down.  Further on that beat was replaced with the sound of a classic rock song coming from another car.  The good children of Immaculate were home in bed saying their prayers, the remainders were here. 
Rounding the corner, Ellen's eyes grew as she saw the tire fire burning.  A shape leaned over the flame holding a bottle rocket, which caught fire and shrieked toward the bluff overhead.  Another person splashed diesel onto the fire causing the flame to rise up to the armpits of all standing nearby, and those gathered retreated like roaches only to return and reclaim their places along the fire, the glowing edge between light and darkness.  
Ignoring the fact that no parking spots remained, Jacob put his truck in reverse and backed toward the fire.  Those sitting by the fire did not move, but their eyes grew wide and a few of them jumped when it became obvious that Jacob did not intend to stop, and he did not stop until his tailgate reached sitting distance near the pile of burning steel-belted radial tires.  
For the next hour faces continued to gather around the fire.  Cheeks grew red as the air temperature dropped and the fire grew hot.  A car sitting near the fire blared music, with all four doors open, and the trunk popped to maximize the sound, playing mostly country music, and a rap song on occasion until a protest forced the song back to country or rock.  
With the tailgate down, Ellen and Tricia climbed into the bed of the truck with Aaron.  Their feet dangled near the fire.  Jacob wandered, taking swigs from whatever bottle passed in front of him, schnapps, Boone's wine, Windsor, Blue 100.  He offered cigarettes to the desperate underclassmen who lacked buyers of their own.  If Jacob noticed a new face in the crowd he befriended him or her.  He observed who arrived with who and who departed with who.  People liked to tell Jacob theirs and others' secrets.  Once they started to talk, he asked questions, showing interest – but not too much – but also offering advice – with jokes.  They seemed to enjoy that.  He assured them that their secret was safe, that Jacob Marak was on their side.  This collection of knowledge he updated at every chance.  Knowing the history of everyone made life easier, since he knew what to speak of, and more importantly, what not to mention in certain company.  As the night wore on, feet staggered and secrets spilled.
Halfway across the circle of fire, he noticed a girl, a face startling enough to make Jacob interrupt a horse-farmer's son from finishing his twice-told story about getting kicked by a Palomino.  Nothing to be gained from hearing it again, Jacob excused himself by pushing the bottle of cheap rum back into the kid's chest.  Jacob marched toward the girl, who stood with several of her friends, none of whom attended these parties, or parties of any kind.
He said, "Did you finish your homework early tonight, Tara Ingeston?"  
"No, I did not," she said.  "I don't do homework on Friday nights."
"No?"
The buzz enveloped Jacob, warming him, lips and fingertips vibrating, a glorious feeling after a game of hard hits.  Tara had no business being here, this skinny nerd-girl, and he touched his index finger to her neck where the V of her shirt opened and a necklace with a miniature cross pendant lay in the perfect symmetry of her modesty.  The tiny cross lay in his hand.  He said, "From Ethan?"  He let his eyes go from the necklace to her collarbone and to her thin neck until he stared into her eyes.  
"Yes."
He let the cross fall to her chest again.  "Lovely."
She changed the subject.  "Where were you on Wednesday night, for the volunteer food drive that you signed up for?"
"I had to skip, but not without a heavy heart.  I wanted to be there, but…Wednesday night is blackjack night."
"Your father would kill you."
One of Tara's friends said, "But would anyone miss him?"
"Ouch," said Jacob, when the girls laughed.  "What are you doing here, Tara?  I think if any father would be killing anyone, it would be yours and you." 
"Why does it matter to you?  I can go to parties."
"True," said Jacob.  "But you don't go to parties.  So that's why I'm wondering."
"Maybe I want to go out now and then.  I'm a senior, I'm tired of staying in."
"But not everyone would approve.  Like Ethan.  Or did you break up?"
"Not everyone needs to approve.  He knows."
"Ok," said Jacob, shrugging.  "I was just checking on you." 
"It's not your job to check on me."
"I can see why your father keeps you in a cabinet.  Might be a wild side waiting to come out.  Skinny thing like you could be full of surprises."
The mouths of her friends dropped.  Tara responded, to their elation, "A dumb thing – like you – should be quiet."
"If you need a beer or anything…"
"I've got some, thanks, Jacob.  Now, go off and rob the cradle.  I see you've found two new tramps."
"I forgive you for saying that," he said, backing away.  The other cross-country girls scowled at Jacob.  As he left he smiled when he heard the tall one say, "He is a total ass."  The other replied, "How can Ethan be his brother?"
The party grew in size and a drunken trio of boys decided that a second fire was necessary.  Rather than kindle a new flame elsewhere, the remaining diesel fuel was poured along the grass in a long stream, to a new pile of sticks, tires, and dead logs.  The fuel touched the original fire and a flame slithered through the dark until it burst into life at its new endpoint.  
A couple slipped away.  A car arrived, a car left.  Older alumni, ones who had never left town, mingled in groups proportionately smaller to the number of years they had been out of school.  A loudmouth ranted about Chevys and Fords.  Someone drank from a funnel.  Another lit a cigarette on the wrong end in the dark and took some time to realize his error.  Girls danced and only one boy joined them.  Several boys examined a new shotgun that one had brought with him, pulling it out from its cloth case to aim at the harvest moon, taking turns one at a time.  Deer stories sprung up.  Antlers and points and neck girth and tracking blood in the snow, shining, baiting, bag limits, and 12-gauge versus 20-gauge, bow-hunting, trespassing, legal bucks and bambis, and have you ever eaten the heart?  In another circle the young farm experts gathered.  Outside earshot of their fathers, they spoke with authority on corn, the wet season, cost per bushel, moisture percent, stalk-chopping, chisel-plowing, air-drying, heavy duty rotor-drive, front wheel assist, hydraulic male tips and female couplers.  A sow barn burned down last week.  A shame, a real shame.  Wonder if the fire department found bacon inside.  Reminds me of another joke.  This song is good, but his other songs suck.  Joe never slept with Gina – she said he got whiskeydick.  Bush won the war but raised taxes after saying he wouldn't.  Clinton might have been a draft dodger.  If I were eighteen I'd vote for Perot.  Sharpsboro is a town full of Pollocks and pansies.  I'm half Polish.  She's at least a C-cup.  My cousin said he once saw a stripper whose bra size was triple-G.  John couldn't come out because we left him on the lawn last week and his parents found him passed out.  That middle linebacker for Sharpsboro gave me his number last week, but I am not calling him.  Why would you date anyone from Sharpsboro?  Our offensive line is way too small to stop the Westbranch defense.  The worst thing you can do is neuter a dog too late in life.  I'll smoke it with you.  My uncle huffed gas and look at him now.  This could be the year the Vikings win the Super Bowl.  Can you just imagine one hour with her?  I wouldn't touch him if he was dying.  Liquor then beer, in the clear. Beer then liquor, never been sicker.  It's triple-sec, vodka, and something else.  I've taped every episode of Baywatch.  Why is she crying?  Parents getting divorced.  Cry me a river.  That dead cat on the way out here, did you see it?  John Rattan ran it over on purpose.  Sounds like you need new spark plugs.  The dirty channel is fuzzed out but if you watch closely you can see a boob every few minutes.  Framing houses ain't rocket science but some do it better than others.  If only someone would pay me to drink beer I would be set.  Roger fell down in the fire.  Does anyone have a magic marker?  Barry's wife stabbed him once with a steak knife.  Making a pipe bomb is surprisingly simple.  You need to think about something else while you do it, but not baseball – watch Jeopardy or Wheel of Fortune, some game show.  I saw a Chevy rip the hitch right off a Ford once.  Get drunk, get laid, be somebody.  If she sleeps with him I'll kill myself after all the time I've put in.  She only sees you as a friend, you're nothing to her.  Next year at college I'm going on spring break.  
"Next year I will be in the Marines," said Jacob, smoking the last of a cigarette and stomping on it.  "And before I leave I'm going to knock down my old man, and then I ain't coming back to this town."
The wind circled, smoke from tobacco and tires stung the eyes.  The crackle of the rubber in the pit receded and revealed steel belts.  Acrid smoke spewed skyward, invisibly under the guise of night.  The noise in the valley swelled.  Cars continued to line up until the dirt road could hold no more and people began to park in the hayfield above and walk down a steep trail that led from the bluff to the valley floor.  The party continued until exactly 11:18 PM, when suddenly and abruptly, the blue-light splash of a police car somewhere on the dirt road ruined everything.  The hiss of 'Cops!' travelled like an electrical current toward the party as one of the stoners ran from group to group to sound the alarm like Paul Revere.  A county deputy drove slowly, only showing his spotlight when he needed someone to clear the path on his way to the epicenter of the party, the bonfire.  
Feet scattered, young and old.  Those over twenty-one years also ran, to avoid the charge of supplying minors with alcohol.  
On the tailgate, Aaron stopped nuzzling Tricia's ear when the rumor of police reached him.  Like a rabbit, he took off into the valley.  No more sweetness to offer, he left her behind.  Tricia and Ellen stepped down from the truck and followed his lead.  Jacob watched them run, unwilling to leave his truck.  If the police wrote him a ticket, his football glory would end – but his pickup took precedence.  Tara Ingeston stood alone by the fire.  
A new rumor came from the furies flying around him.  Someone had blocked the cop.  That meant Jacob had a few minutes.  The stream at the bottom of the valley came to mind.  How deep could it be?  He knew of a trail that followed the valley floor and came out on the lower acres of Barry's fields, but it was on the other side of the stream.  
"Tara, over here," said Jacob, motioning to her.  
She ran to him.  "Jacob, I can't get a ticket."
"I know a way out," said Jacob, opening the passenger door and pointing to it.
"Shouldn't we run?"  She put her hand over her mouth.  
"There's another way."
"Where?"
"Trust me, I've driven it before.  No one else knows about it."
"Really?"  
He shut the tailgate and jumped in the truck.  "Buckle up," he suggested.  Tara scrambled for the seat belt as Jacob turned the key.  With his head out the window, he shouted at a few people lingering in his path and when they did not move fast enough he bucked and braked until they parted.  Down the hill, into the weeds, snapping branches and plants along the way, he cringed at the thought of his red paint.  A large stump and fallen tree blocked them from going further.  
Tara said, "Now what?  Jacob, there is no path."
"There is, can't you see it?"  He stepped on the gas and drove around the stump, knocking down saplings and young trees.  A branch jabbed the windshield causing them both to flinch.  Tire tread grabbed, mounted, and eventually climbed stumps and clumps of land, the front-end of the pickup bounced until suddenly they reached a clearing.  Jacob laughed.  
"What about the water, Jacob?"
"We're going across."
"Can you make it?"
"Doubt it.  Four-wheel drive can do many things, but float ain't one of 'em."
"That was your plan?"  She scoffed, then braced herself, palm against the glove compartment as the engine grew loud.  "Please don't kill us." 
Jacob accelerated, gaining speed until the bumper splashed into the water and the wheels bounced over rocks.  The wheels spun, jumping up and down against the shock absorbers, until the front end touched the muddy bank on the other side.  Jacob turned the steering wheel from side to side to try and make his tires grab the bank of scrubby bushes and plants.  The pickup gained foot by foot until finally in a surge the wheels found rock and pulled itself upward and onto a hiking trail.  
"We made it!" said Tara, grabbing Jacob's arm.  The truck ambled slowly down the hiking path, with Jacob patting the dash like a horse.  
"Mud," Jacob said, pointing at the windshield.  "Usually means a good time."
"Now what do we do?" she said.  
"We'll figure something out."
"I mean, should we go home, or go back to get some of the others."
Jacob laughed.  "We're not going back there.  I don't want to push my luck with the stream again."
"But the other girls…"
"It looks to me like they ditched you, Tara.  And my crew ditched me.  So we don't owe anyone anything.  But you and I – we're free."
"I feel bad."
"Screw 'em."  
She smiled at him.  "I don't think like that."
"Such a goody-goody."  He rolled down his window to light another cigarette.  
"Whatever.  Give me one of those."
"Excuse me?"  
"You think I'm such a homebody.  I just don't flaunt things like you do.  And you know, everyone is catching on to you.  You can't be a hypocrite forever without the world figuring it out eventually."
"I'm no more a hypocrite than anyone else is."  He watched her light the cigarette.  "Including you, apparently."
"Oh yes you are.  The plank is in your eye.  Remember that verse?"
"Verse?"  He laughed.  "I'm just aware of the bullshit, Tara," he said, leaning over to take back his lighter.  "It's all a game, Tara.  Another beer?"
 "Yes, I'll have one more beer, but that's all.  If everything is a game, then does anything matter?"
"No, it doesn't," he said.  "But playing the game matters.  The game is everything."
"Who taught you that?  Judd Blanks?  Ethan's told me some of the stuff he says.  Like that thing about Asian girls.  Completely ridiculous."
"Nobody told me anything, I just know."  He considered showing her the beer-shotgun trick, but Tara – no, she was too smart for that.  "It's obvious, Tara Ingeston.  It doesn't matter if you get in trouble."
"Then why did you try to escape tonight?"
"Running is sometimes part of the game.  Getting away with stuff.  That's the fun part."
"What if you'd been caught?"
He laughed.  "I'm more worried about my paint than getting a ticket.  I ruined my truck to save you.  Now you owe me."
"Owe you what?" she said, exhaling smoke. 
"I don't know.  A favor."
"Don't pretend that you just wrecked your paint to save me."
"I sure did." 
"Why would you do that?"  She took a drink.  "Why would I believe you?"
"Because you take the game more seriously than I do, Tara.  You think it's real." 
"For one thing, it is real.  I do not believe that's why.  All of your junior high babies were gone.  You didn't have a girl.  You saw me.  So you grabbed me.  You thought, I'll grab Tara and see if she's good for a go."
He tipped his head back against the seat back.  "Well, if that's the way you think of me… are you?"
"Don't even think about it."
"If you assume I'm dirt, I'll be dirt," said Jacob.  "But you should know, that I had a crush on you before Ethan and you were a couple.  Always had a thing for you.  Not sure why."
"Good Lord."
"And I've spent the last three years watching you in class.  Actually, it's more like the last eight years.  Church, too.  My favorite reason for going to church is that we always sat two rows behind Daddy Ingeston and his daughters.  Just seeing you and your sister's dark hair made me feel…closer to heaven."  
She put her finger in her mouth, pretending to gag. 
Jacob said, "And I see you looking back at me, Tara Ingeston.  It's not like you hide it."
"Why do you always say both of my names?"
"Because I like the sound of it."
"I'm not one of your ten-year-olds," she said, scoffing.  "And I never look at you in school."
"How many times in English class have I caught you looking at me?  A thousand?  Ten thousand."
"Because you always stare.  You think I don't see you doing it?  You're a psycho."  
"Woah," Jacob said, as the tires hit a bump.  "Oh, damn, I didn't see that gully.  We might be stuck.  We found big mud."  
Neither gully nor mud, the pickup was not stuck at all.  Jacob accelerated and turned the steering wheel, while pressing his foot on the brake, feigning a struggle with the terrain.  
"Go!" said Tara.
"I'm trying," said Jacob, gripping the wheel hard and gritting his teeth.  "We're not going to get out of this one.  Maybe I can back up."  But rather than putting the pickup in reverse, he dropped the gear selector into neutral, revved the engine several times, and then acted upset.  "Oh crap, we're screwed now!  Damn.  Oh man, now the wheels aren't even turning.  I'll get out and see if I can tell which tires are stuck."
"This was a terrible idea," said Tara. 
Outside in the dark, Jacob circled, kicked the tires, scratched his head, and pushed on the rear of the truck, rocking it back and forth.  Soon he returned to the driver's seat and turned off the engine.  
"I guess we might as well have another beer," he said.
"What?"
"We're dug in."
"Oh great."  She leaned her head on the dash.  "What am I doing here?"
"Beer?"
"Why not.  Sure."  
"Kiss?"
"Don't touch me."  She laughed. 
A laugh this time.  An improvement.  Another beer, more talk.  More laughter.  An hour passed.  Jacob grew serious, then silly, and Tara leaned closer.  Another beer and then she admitted, that yes, in English class they did steal looks at each other.  Then mock pushing, so that their hands could touch and link fingers.  Cool fingers from the aluminum can.  He watched her gentle hands, the flexing of her neck, the little necklace rested on her chest.  Then came the awkward moment when the conversation settled.  Waiting, lingering in the shadows of the dome light with butterflies in their stomachs, her face flush, and Jacob – Jacob had already been flush for an hour.  He leaned in, eyes closed, and when he felt her lips he opened his eyes to watch her shoulders sag with her sigh, exhaling her defenses, and he placed his hand on her waist to untuck her shirt from her blue jeans.  But suddenly she pushed him away. 
"We can't," she said.

Chapter 4. 

The sound of artificial laughter on the TV in the kitchen woke Kathy Werther from an uncomfortable sleep.  Her pillow had been a pile of mail that she had brought in after work.  The exhaustion of the week clubbed her after dinner.  After they kids had eaten, Kathy ordered the kids outside so that she could concentrate.  A show was on called Family Matters.  One awful joke with a laugh-track followed by another.  She leaned back into her chair, shoulders slumped.  Around her lay the leftovers of Hamburger Helper and Jell-O.  Chili-Mac congealed on the plates and floor.  Half-conscious in her post-nap stupor, she swung her feet around the chair to stand up, only to feel her pantyhose sog into a substance on the floor. A wetness crept between her toes.  Now fully awake and slightly irritated, she shifted her foot.  The sight and smell of dog upchuck nearly made her follow the animal's lead.  
Full of soda and pop-rocks from the Friday afternoon school party, the girls had spent dinner pushing and prodding their Hamburger Helper and peas.  When the din grew obnoxious, Kathy kicked them out of the house to burn off the remaining sugar.  Exhausted from her workweek, still wearing her Immaculate State Bank nametag on her blouse, she made the mistake of sitting for a moment at the table and had dozed off.
She threw her pantyhose in the trash, and once skirtless, she searched for the dog to scold and chase outside. She hobbled on one foot with her moistened toes pointed upward at the ceiling.  Fifty hours of work and a hundred hours at home - this was her week, repeated a thousand times like the jokes on the TV show, which she turned off as she limped past the power button.  
Did she really want one more child?  
This notion somehow occurred to her that morning, that perhaps she wanted a fourth child.  The idea came to her after folding a load of laundry before waking the kids for school, after doing a quick and poor wash of the dishes that dotted the counter and sink, after emptying the dishwasher, making three breakfasts, chasing Bryce just to put his socks on for the third time, settling two disputes between the girls over what cartoon to watch while they ate, nearly burning her hair in the curling iron, gazing over a cluttered bathroom countertop, observing a toilet in need of a scrub, counting mildew stains on a shower curtain, making the bed, messing her closets while looking for an outfit, seeing no straight lines anywhere in the house – this notion of having another child came after all of that – and also after she was back in the kitchen and stepped on the crunchy floor from dropped cereal and found a desiccated banana that Bryce had stuck in the Tupperware drawer, and while signing two permission slips for school, then realizing the clothes Dawn had picked out revealed too much for a ten year-old, and seeing that Rhea's clothes did not match, and wincing after Bryce poked her in the eye with his pet mop.  After all of that, when they finally climbed into the car to leave for school - but not yet - the thought came to her after the girls admitted they forgot to pick up their permission slips in the house, and then Kathy remembered that the girls needed more money for lunch tickets, and she ran inside to get the checkbook and fretted for a two minutes looking into cupboards wondering what was she going to make for dinner that night and only saw the Hamburger Helper box with the white-glove mascot…only then did the notion about having another child occur to her, in a little moment that froze time, warmed her, erased all stress, and then skipped by. When she got back into the car, a glimmer in the chaos happened.  Bryce held up his socks, removed for the fourth time, and said to Kathy as she looked at him in the rear view mirror, with a wide grin and cherubic eyes, "I love you, Mommy."
But since the morning her mind had changed again.  Three kids were enough.  She already had a fourth child in her husband, Josh.  Could Josh at least have set the table before he hustled off to the game?  His obligations, they were excuses.  The façade of his volunteerism was nothing more than an escape from the house.  
"Where's that dog?" she said.    
In her husband's absence, the dog made a fine scapegoat.  Tail down, the dog slinked into the kitchen.  But seeing Kathy, the dog caught whiff of the mood and turned his long nose northbound and continued through to the next room, evading the wrath.  "Bad dog," she said, picking up a plastic cup from the table, forgetting the mess when she noticed her cracked fingernails.  An unpolished plainness.  Unacceptable.  She needed to make a salon appointment soon.  
She gathered more dishes from the table and noticed the microwave clock.  The time was 9:20.  She set the dishes on the counter and opened the dishwasher.  Full and dirty.  Hadn't she emptied it that morning?  Or was that the day before?  No one bothered to start the wash cycle, and of course even if they had, no one would empty it but her, and they, meaning Josh, always picked the wrong cycle and wrong temperature that left spots on the glasses in the top rack.  With Bryce's rubber fork, she scraped leftovers from the plates.  The garbage bag under the sink was stuffed.  Packed to the seams, of course it was.  Why wouldn't it be?  What's another day of stuffing then, she decided, jabbing napkins and an empty box into the corners of the bag and scraping the leftover noodles and sauce on top.  Then something startled her.  The time.  What time was it?  It was 9:20.
The kids.  How long had she slept?    
She burst out the screen door onto the upper tier of the east-facing deck, still skirtless and wearing only underwear and the turquoise blouse that still held her bank nametag, and she scanned the yard.  She heard nothing.  No screams or laughs.  No fighting.  
"Dawn!  Rhea!" she yelled.  She listened, expecting the echo of her children.  None came.  She descended the deck staircase to the patio walkout on the lower level of the house, amid an array of lifeless toys and bikes on the concrete.  Barefoot into the grass, she made a sweep around the house. 
"Did Josh take them to town?" she said aloud, beginning to question herself and the entire evening.  
"Mommy!"
"Bryce?  Where are you?"  Kathy spun and searched for the voices.  "Bryce?  Get out here right now!"
She thought she heard Bryce struggling, groaning.  Kathy ordered, "I'm going to count to three.  You had better get out here.  No games.  One."
"Mommy!"  The little boy ran out from the corn and Dawn's grubby face appeared between the rows as she followed behind her brother.  
"What's going on?  What are you doing in the cornfield?"  In the distance, she noticed a light in the field, the sound of machinery at work.  "My God," she said, "Ray is picking the field.  What's the matter with you, Dawn?  Can't you see the lights over there?  How many times did I say to keep out of the corn?"  Reaching for her son, Kathy's hand became wet when she touched the seat of his pants.  "He's soaking.  Why didn't you bring him in sooner?  He's probably going to get a rash."
"Mom," said Dawn.
"Mom what?  Where's Rhea?" said Kathy, pulling down the boy's pants, already worried about a rash.
"I don't know, Mom."
The week behind her left her bereft of patience, Kathy straightened Bryce and pulled his wet pants up again, so that he would not get cold while she admonished Dawn.  She stopped tugging on the boy and said, "Don't dawdle and bargain with me tonight.  I am not in the mood.  Now either you answer me or you can go to your room."
"I don't know where Rhea is."
"Does it look like I am joking, Dawn?"  Stiff-lipped, she glared at her daughter.  "Where is Rhea?"
"She's…"  Dawn pointed.  "We were in the fort.  And we got split up.  We've been looking for her."
"What fort?"  Kathy asked.  "If this is another lie?  Where is she?  Tell me where Rhea is, or you can say goodbye to the Nintendo, and you can forget about trick-or-treating.  Do you understand me?  This lying business, it has to stop  Now the truth – spit it out."
"She's in the field.  I couldn't find her.  And the farmer is here.  We looked all over."
Kathy stared hard at her daughter.  The usual hint of fibbing in her oldest daughter's mouth and eyes -  it did not manifest.  A sinking moment passed and Kathy stood up in shock, while Dawn rubbed her grubby face.    
"Jesus Christ," Kathy said, looking outward, "She is in the field.  Get in the house, the two of you.  And don't you move.  Don't you move from that couch."
"Want juice," Bryce said. 
"Dawn," she said, shaking free of her son, and stepping off toward the garage.  "Take him inside, now.  If you are lying…"  
"I'm not."
The lights of the combine swept the field, toward her like spotlights, as the Harvester made its turn on the far side of the field.  In the maneuver, the sound of the engine grew louder, fully awakening a mother's horror.  Kathy sprinted toward the garage and entered the side door.  She started the Cadillac and nearly backed the car out before the door had lifted.  The tires threw rocks on the lawn.   
She drove down the long private driveway, careening on the corners with both hands on the wheel, her face pinched by anger and worry, her mouth bent, brow knotted, cheekbones rising and falling, jaw clenched and unclenched.  She swore and prayed simultaneously.  Turning onto the paved road, a tractor approached.  She darted in front of it, fishtailing on the pavement, Michelin's grabbing the road at last, and the farmer nearly drove his tractor and wagon into the ditch trying to avoid her.  
She raced the length of the 60-acre field to reach the point of entry, a dirt road.  A skid mark and smoke followed the car as she braked and turned into the dirt road.  And rather than follow the field road, she crossed the field diagonally.  Wheels bounced and spun wildly on the choppy rows of cut corn stalks.  The floorboards knocked underneath as the car stirred clumps of dirt.  She pressed the horn repeatedly.  
The combine stopped moving forward.  
The farmer stepped out of the cab and threw his hat to the ground.  Ray Marak descended the ladder, almost falling, and running once he found his feet.  An illness of spirit struck Kathy, twisting her heart and bringing sweat to the surface of her gripped palms, as she approached the combine, no longer honking, only watching from her windshield, in a helpless short eternity.  

Chapter 5. 

In the twilight Ray pulled out another clump of dirt and stalks and muttered, "Let's hope that'll be the last plug tonight."  
Back in the cab, he threw his gloves on the floor and turned up the radio again, catching the football announcer mentioning a touchdown, followed by the name Jacob Marak.  
"Damn, missed it."
He started moving forward in the rows again, listening closely for the announcer to repeat the game highlights.  Levers flipped between his fingers automatically. Picking corn was as routine as mowing lawn to Ray after forty-two years of harvests.  He still felt like a kid when he could reach into the wagon and pull out handfuls of the dusty grain, smell it, and feel the cold of it running through his fingers.  He could not resist touching it like a rich man his gold.    
For once Ray felt comfortable, as if things, life, had worked out for him.  And instead of yearning in his prayers he could speak to Him plainly.  For so long, he could not muster true gratitude in his heart, until this year.  After he stopped hunting an elusive peace, it came out of the woods to him, came up to him and touched his hand.  A calm among the nettles in his soul.  With success, he guarded against joy, fearing that the whole of it could slip away much more quickly than it had slowly settled upon him, like a bird landing that quickly took flight again on a whim.  The earth had given him much, blessings from the heavens.  In the will and testimony that Ray was preparing, his ashes were to be spread upon the Marak fields back home – not the Masterson fields.  Renee's father Ben Masterson had already been plowed under, literally, several times on these same acres that Ray picked that night.  Ben's ashes, by his wish, were scattered on the land.  Ray would request the same burial, taking literally the verse: By the sweat of your face shall you get bread to eat, until you return to the ground from which you were taken; for you are dust, and to dust you will return.  He intended the land to keep him, so long as his soul escaped in the right direction and his sons plowed the land after him in his name.  Marak.  
Looking at his crops, or walking the draw in the valley, or following cattle in the upturned slope of pasture, these knobby juttings of his corner of the world were as personal as the scars on his body, as the memories of his childhood, as the unspoken desires that he kept to himself.  
From the cab of the combine he looked down on the Masterson fields with different feelings than he felt of the Marak farm.    This land was investment property, cultivating no emotion even as the years began to stack up.  Here he did not cut his teeth as a wailing baby, chase steers, shovel manure and pitch straw, raise livestock and split wood.  
After several swaths back and forth, he turned the combine toward the empty wagons.  He stopped and dismounted the combine, leaving it running, so that he might turn one of the gravity boxes by hand.  Since Judd Blanks had taken the tractor home, Ray had to turn the wagons the hard way.  
Picking up the wagon tongue, he tugged on the steel.  The wheels slowly started down the slope of the field driveway and quickly built up speed.  A good way to get run over.  He turned the tongue and the box followed him, like leading a bull by the ring in the nose, following him from the momentum of its own weight and when the wagon stopped it faced the road, in the right direction - or close enough.  The tongue clanged on the ground when he dropped it.  He climbed the combine ladder again and drove alongside the wagon, extending the unloading augur.  Once again he climbed down the ladder, then climbed the ladder of the wagon, where corn dust blew into his mouth while the augur pushed out the chaff from the last load.  The corn started to drop, slapping the metal of the wagon and spreading to the bottom in a bountiful sound.  The falling corn then started to gush and he reached his hand under the golden waterfall to grab a handful of the plenty, a year complete, planted, now harvested, and what he would not feed his cattle, the remaining corn was already contracted on the market.    
Aches and pains nagged him.  Each climb of a ladder and jump to the ground pinched his lower back.  An ankle break from years ago acted up in the weather and lack of sleep made worse the flaws in his joints.  The foot caused pain from ankle to knee, the knee aggravated the hip, the hip forced a limp and unevenness in the spine.  These pains and ten other aches – a recurring pinched nerve in his neck, a cyst on his wrist, a headache from a bad molar – made him sleep hard each night only to wake up older each day.  At four in the morning when he woke, his hinges and sockets made popcorn sounds in the hallway, cracking until he reached his coveralls in the mudroom on his way to milk the cows in the dark.  But to live any other way was impossible.  His aging back already started bowing closer to the earth with each autumn's harvest.  
The last bushel fell into the wagon until it wore a golden crown.  Back in the combine, Ray set his course toward the rows and caught the score of the game on the radio.  The announcer said, "Immaculate will advance to the quarterfinals, and play Westbranch next Friday."  The corn would be finished by then, Ray hoped, if the rain and snow held off.  The timing of planting and reaping always conflicted with the events of life.  When Ethan had been born, between oats and corn, Ray barely reached the hospital in time.  That was twenty years ago.  
His eyes started to get heavy and he doubted that he would finish the field that night.  A few more swaths.  But if he did a few more swaths he might as well finish the field.  Maybe the weatherman was wrong, as usual. But the ache in his ankle, which followed the barometric pressure, agreed with the meteorologist.  Rain clouds approached in the dark, with wisps already crossing the moon's face.
The rows ahead tumbled under the combine head.  The gathering chains mesmerized him.  To watch them made him dizzy.  He adjusted the steering wheel slightly as he nearly missed the edge row.  He turned around, stiffly from the pinch in his neck, double-checking that no corn still stood behind him, since it bothered him to leave a single stalk in the field.  He had missed a few plants.  A dozen or so.  He shook his head at his error.  Hardly worth turning back for twelve plants, but driving by the field all winter, those plants standing in the snow...yes, he would go back to get those few.   
Watching the chains again, he suddenly looked up, sensing an odd shadow in the field.  A movement in the rows.  A deer, or a raccoon.  It will get out of the way, he thought.  Continuing forward he tried to see the animal, expecting it to run out into the shaved part of the field.  Deer season.  He should have brought his gun and made easy work of it this year, like Hector Baum was rumored to do each fall, shooting his doe from the combine ladder.  A face looked up at him from the field, not the face of an animal, but of a child.  
Ray jumped in his seat so that his head hit the ceiling while his foot simultaneously reached for the pedals.  
"Stop!" he yelled at the machine, jerking the wheel, shifting gears and stepping down the clutch.  He disengaged the head, but the child in the corn appeared too close.  A little girl in the rows shook with fear, facing the fenders, sobbing in fear.  Ray's arms wrenched on the wheel until he bent the top half of the steering wheel over, toward him.  The combine balked in halting, inching onward until the girl in a little black shirt and blue jeans came between the fender points.  A few more feet and the chains would devour her and carry her upward with the same impartiality of a weed or stalk.  The girl crouched into a ball, falling to her knees, putting her hands over her head, and Ray shouted at the controls, "God damn you."  He pulled the key out of the starter and the entire machine coughed and kicked and Ray heard the engine began its sputtering halt, its bucking shutdown routine.  
Without waiting for the engine to kill, Ray threw open the door and slid down the ladder's handrail, bashing his ankle in the landing.  In a running limp, he circled the combine, stepping onto the first fender with his good foot and leaping toward the crouching child.  When he landed he felt his foot cave in again but managed to seize the girl by the shoulders and he pulled her to his chest, leaning backward with her so that if anything was crushed from the last kick of the combine it would be him, not her, and when the kick came the fender point struck below the knee on his other leg, gashing his calf enough that he shouted and called the machine a grade-A cocksucker first-class.    
He groaned and said, "Little girl, what in the hell are you doing out here?"
The shaking of the girl caused Ray to clutch her tightly.  She could not speak.  Could not unball herself even in his arms.  The lights of the combine shined upon them and suddenly a figure appeared, facing him, striking a sense of fear and wonder in Ray.  "Who's there?  Who else is out here?"  He began to shake, seeing a faceless figure in the darkness.  The figure swooped onto him and pulled Rhea from his arms.  
Kathy Werther knelt on her bare legs in the field beside Ray, clutching the girl in her arms and sobbing hard enough that she could hardly take a breath.  "Thank God," Kathy said.  "My baby."
Ray's pants moistened with blood and he sat up to measure the damage, pulling back the denim, shifting his leg into the light.  A good bleeder.  With all the blood, he expected more pain, just as he had when he cut the tip of his pinky finger off in 1989.  A familiar and horrible throb in his ankle started.  The swelling had already begun from a new sprain.  Veins around his foot trembled, tingled.  The boot needed to come off, he knew that from the last time, before his expanding foot would be stuck inside the leather.  
Kathy stood up without saying a word and carried Rhea away from the combine.  Seeing the bare skin of her smooth legs startled Ray, and caused him to forget the pain for a second.  Only when Kathy opened the door of the car did he notice headlights beaming from the Cadillac.  Ray rolled to his side. 
In a moment, Kathy returned and wrapped a child's blanket around his bloody leg.  She helped him to his feet.  
"Is the girl all right?" he asked. 
Kathy nodded, and said, "You need to see a doctor.  We can call the ambulance from the house."
"Renee.  We'll call Renee."
"It's bleeding."
"Not deep.  I'll worry about it."
"I'll help you to the car, if I can."
"I should turn the lights off on the combine," he said, but stopped when Kathy wailed and covered her mouth.  A fever in her blocked all consolation.  
Ray leaned back and gazed up at the sky, unable to understand what just happened any more than he could fathom the stars.  The battery would die if he left the lights on.  Better say a prayer.  God knows if he'd killed that little girl how many Our Fathers and Hail Marys would have been needed for reconciliation.  Renee could come back and turn the combine lights off later.  The battery.  The field would have to wait.  Just be glad everybody's in one piece.  One hundred forty acres left to pick. 

Chapter 6. 

In a bar parking lot full of pickup trucks, Josh Werther parked his Cadillac. 
Parents, fans, and barflys gathered inside the bar discussing football and elections and township matters and kids.  Passing a bank of neon signs, Josh joined the chatter that rose with the curls of smoke.  At a table he noticed the members of his chain-gang crew fondling longneck bottles between fingers and thumbs.  The waitress passed.  Josh ordered two beers for himself and another round for the table.  
Josh sat down next to a wide man named Nick who worked in insurance accounting.  Beside Nick sat Georgia, his emaciated wife, with her legs and arms crossed while she puffed a Virginia Slim.  
"You're buying tonight, right Werther?"  
"Not if I can help it," said Josh.
"Last man to arrive buys.  And after what I paid out in claims this week for the sow barn fire, I'm feeling lean," said the accountant, patting his stomach with one hand, holding a chicken strip in the other.  
"You can always make up some new policy addendum, and pass along the cost," said Josh.  "What was it last time?  An extra twenty dollars a year for window treatment coverage?"
"Something like that."
Georgia sipped gin-and-tonic, and shook her head when her husband gestured in a grunt at the French fries and chicken.  Her makeup plastered over the smoke grooves in her face, giving her the skin the texture of a rising biscuit.  The other two men at the table were also main street men – a sports-obsessed appraiser named Larry, and a business owner known only by his last name, Shoots.  At the tables behind Josh were the sun-beaten faces of hairy-necked farmers, tipping bottles with gritty fingernails, wiry forearms, plaid shirts, and the faint smell of manure even after showering.  
Shoots asked, "Who are you looking for Josh?"'
"Huh?"  
"You have your head on a swivel," said Shoots.  "Don't worry, Josh, I haven't seen Kathy.  You're off the leash."
"I was just looking for the waitress."  
"She's a looker, that one," said the accountant.
 
Talk of the waitress continued, with riling and backslapping, all of them chasing her with their eyes until she brought the beers to the table.  The men raised their eyebrows when they saw her smile at Josh.
The accountant wiped his mouth with a napkin, "What was that?  Am I right, or did she have her eye on me?"
At the bar stood several men, twenty-one year-olds, some who had graduated with Ethan Marak.  They shouted and knocked each other about, playing a drinking game where they would open the bartender's drink book to a random page and order the drink – whatever it was – daiquiri, highball, shooter.  They ordered the mystery drink and tossed it down before arguing over whose turn it was to pay.  A woman in the corner of the bar leaned on her elbows, peering over a stack of gambling tickets, pull-tabs.  Josh nudged Larry.  "Looks like old Sally is down a few hundred tonight."
The bachelor said, "There are a lot of winners in that box yet."  He pointed to the placard behind the bar showing the amount of money still waiting to be claimed.   
Nick said, "Anyone want to go twenty?"
Tens and twenties landed on the table and Josh collected the eighty dollars in his fist and took the money to the bar.  
The bartender said, "Another beer, Josh?"
"No," Josh said, gesturing to the plastic box and the placard.  "I'll take eighty tickets."  
The bartender spent a minute counting out tickets in stacks of ten.  While Josh waited, Judd Blanks, from the end of the bar, yelled, "Hey, I was playing that box."
Josh turned.  
"You couldn't wait a minute to buy tabs?" said Judd. "I'm still playing.  It's a common courtesy to wait.  Everybody knows that."
The attention of those seated on the bar stools turned to Josh.  Josh picked up the stacks in his hand, saying, "Busy place in here tonight, Judd.  And it's a multi-player game."
"Common courtesy," said Judd.  "But I'll make you a deal.  If you pull a two hundred winner, I'll only take half."
"Yeah, sure," said Josh, "Or, how about if I win, I'll buy you a beer – a tall boy."  
Judd popped open one of the tickets in his stack.  When Josh started to move away, Judd spoke loudly.  "Or maybe instead you could approve a loan application once, Josh."  He looked up and added, "Sorry, I meant to say, Mr. Werther," and smiled with a rude lip.  Judd's girlfriend, Jana, sneered at Josh, and moved her beer bottle in wet circles on the wood bar, scratching her other arm against the bar, all while staring at Josh with a victim's scorn.  The surrounding men and women stopped their conversations about football and elections and township matters and kids so they could listen closer.    
Aware of clients, Josh said, "Sure thing, Judd.  Why don't you stop in on Monday, we can talk then."  Tapping the tickets on the bar top, Josh said to the bartender, "Thanks for the tickets, Harry."
"What for?" said Judd, unfinished.  "Want me to stop in so you can deny my application again?  Rubber stamp me again."  He slapped the bar.  "Denied."
"Monday," said Josh, letting his arms hang straight, controlling his voice, guarding his reaction.  "There's a time and place, Judd."
"Time and place.  And there's a Cadillac in your three-car garage and a rusted to the rods '78 Dodge Ram parked on the street in front of my rented apartment."
The bar quieted, except for Ricky Shelton singing a song on the jukebox.  "Well, you're in luck then," Josh said, "because we do car loans, too."  The patrons laughed and then turned away, thinking the banter had ended, but Judd carried on. 
"A '78 Dodge," Judd said to the ceiling, leaning his neck back.
Josh stepped off from the bar to leave, letting the last comment die in the air.  But Judd added, "Folks like me aren't allowed to be successful, are we?  Not in this town.  Just your cronies, right, Mr. Werther?"
"Judd," whispered his girlfriend, Jana, trying to calm him.
Josh walked to this table.  Nick asked, "Is Judd Blanks drunk or what?"
"He's just being himself," said Josh.  "His idiot self.  He's one of those guys…oh, hell with him.  Here, pull a winner, Georgia.  That'll make him mad."
"I actually took some comfort in hearing that, Josh," said Larry.  "Not to make light of it, I only say it because misery loves company."  
Josh said, "What misery?"
"I've been called every name in the book for doing my job.  Been shouted out of more places than I'd like to remember, usually after telling a man what his building or car is actually worth.  I'm glad to know that you get grief, too."
At the sight of the pull-tabs, Georgia stubbed her Virginia Slim and reached for twenty tickets.  One at a time, between her yellow, twig fingers, she popped the tabs open, looking for the winning line inside.  The jukebox started a new song and drew a few women to dance in the corner of the bar, a ten foot square.  An old man jigged alongside the women, long lost in his mind, estranged from the world, but clearly enjoying himself, perhaps the happiest soul in all of Immaculate.  
Josh opened tickets and expected nothing.  No winners.  He did not care for gambling, or not this kind.  On golf night, or during bowling league in the winter, he and his friends habitually purchased the tickets.  It was something to do amid the doldrums of the week.  Something to hope for.  To win a few hundred now and then meant he and the guys could drink to elevation and still go home with money in their pocket for lunches at the diner instead of brown-bagging bologna sandwiches and Old Dutch potato chips.  Or that was one justification. 
The losing tickets stacked up on the table.  
"Hey, a dollar."
"A dollar?" said Nick.  "No dear, we want a hundred of those."
Larry said, "It's a start."
"Winner," Josh said.  "Another buck."
Soon seventy-seven losers lay in the middle of the table, and the three one-dollar winners were handed to Josh.
"Should we go another ten each?" asked Shoots. 
"I think so," said Larry, opening his wallet.  "Another ten oughtta do it.  A lot of winners in there."
"A lot of winners in that box," echoed Shoots.
Josh took the money and the three tickets back to the bar, to the same spot, on purpose, to show Judd Blanks that he didn't care, that Judd's editorials from the edge of the bar meant nothing.  Judd Blanks had a gambling and drinking problem, along with most other vices available to a man.  Everyone knew the story from the summer, when on a Tuesday afternoon Judd crawled home broke after spending more than a thousand dollars on pull-tabs.  He had arrived at the bar at noon, with a single blank check in hand that he wrote for an amount of two hundred dollars, which the bartender exchanged for cash.  After spending the two hundred on tickets, Judd requested the check back from the bartender and crossed out his original amount, re-writing the check for five hundred dollars.  The bartender paid him out the difference, three hundred dollars.  That money also disappeared into the gambling coffer.  On Judd's third attempt to re-write the check, the bartender rejected him, and snubbed, Judd stormed out of the bar, to the bank, to withdraw another five hundred and change, emptying his savings account.  By nightfall, he was searching for more money, calling on friends from the bar phone, intoxicated and belligerent, offering his truck title for a few dollars more.  Then he made his best decision of the day, and that was to fall down and pass out.  For nearly a week afterward, Judd hid in his apartment, in the self-imposed prison that only broke gamblers understand.
The bartender counted tickets on the bar again.  Unconsciously, Josh counted along, not out of distrust, but from a habit of his trade.  
The young men's drinking game became rowdy and they nudged a girl enough that she spilled part of her Bud Light on Josh's hand.  Two giggly boys shoved each other as the liquor took effect, climbing into their cheeks and squinty eyes.  
Josh said to one of the farm boys, "Don't you have to milk cows in the morning?"
"Does the Pope wear a funny hat?"
With another neat stack of tickets in hand, Josh turned to leave, but did not escape a calculated insult from Judd.  
Judd said, "Say Josh, what's this here under my napkin?"  Judd plucked three tickets off the bar and fanned them like a full-house.  "Look Jana, honey, I got three winners.  Four hundred dollars, total."
His girlfriend shed her sour face and said, "You were hiding those?"
Josh listened but did not grant his attention, having seen this trick before, where a player in the bar hides his winners without collecting the cash so that others keep playing, thinking the money is still available.  He had seen the trick, but never been the butt of it before.  
"That's right, Jana.  I pulled the two hundred, too.  If you just bought tickets, Josh, you'll have better luck jumping kings in checkers than hitting the hundreds now."
"And that's why you don't get a loan approved," said Josh, tired of being needled.  And he laughed at Judd, making sure the man knew who really held the full-house.  The past five years had boomed for Josh and he had solid clients and good people working for him and he would be damned if he needed to take insults from the gutter.  That, and after more than twenty years he had grown weary of suffering the fools.  Best to let a man like Judd Blanks know his status: he would never get a signature from the Immaculate State Bank for anything beyond a checking account, on which he had already written twenty overdrafts.  Judd Blanks would be sent out the revolving door of the Immaculate State Bank until he became dizzy.  
 
 At the table, Josh dropped the tickets.  "Georgia, if you'd like to open these you can.  Probably no winners left though."
"You never know," she said, snatching them up at once.  The bartender took a large magic marker and crossed off the biggest numbers on the placard.  
All a distraction, Josh mused, leaning back in his chair and peering toward the entrance.  And suddenly there she was.  At once, in the doorway, Shannon Hoffman.  His initial elation passed when he heard Nick whisper at his ear, "A holy man approacheth from the east."
"Holy man?"  Josh turned. 
"Hello," said the priest, Father Packard, fresh-faced, standing in front of Josh. 
Josh stood automatically, as he did with clients, to shake hands and offer a seat.  Nick continued eating and eyed the priest with curiosity.  
Holding a Diet Coke, the priest nodded at each person around the table.  He was only twenty-five years old and had been in Immaculate for a year.  
Nick said, "Hitting it hard tonight, Father?"
"Yes.  I'll be up all night with this caffeine."
Nick said, "Caffeine is a drug.  You know that, don't you, Packard?"  
Josh smiled at Nick, envying the Protestant moment, which allowed Nick to treat the priest as a regular man.  
  Father Packard's hand rested on the accountant's shoulder.  "Nick, I've yet to hear of anyone swerving and killing someone with their car because of being too alert."
Shoots laughed heartily, changing his demeanor in front of Father Packard.  The priest asked, "How are the wives?  The families?" 
"Terrific, terrific," said Shoots, not mentioning sleeping on the couch.  Everyone nodded, affirming all was well.  They knew better than to express an issue when the young priest neared, for his eagerness to resolve things would keep him at the table.  Josh had a different reason to avoid the priest.  The young man had come to the bank with plans to expand the church, to build an addition, primarily in response to the new Evangelical church that sprung up in 1990 and began to siphon followers from the Catholic flock.  In his office, Josh had spent hours tutoring Father Packard on the world of finance.  Josh had to explain certain things, like return-on-investment, fiduciary responsibility, and when those ideas fell flat, Josh offered his own interpretation of the Parable of the Talents.  
Father Packard said, "Are you all ready to vote on Tuesday?"
"What's Tuesday?" Josh said, joking.  "I haven't heard anything.  Is there an election?"  
"Not to influence your decision," said the priest, "but there is only one choice on the ticket that is Pro-Life.  I think you all know which one that is.  It's important, this election."
"There are bigger issues than that," said the accountant, ashing his cigarette, "like agriculture, for instance.  And you know the other party has claimed that topic.  They got us all tied up with one issue or another."
"I understand, but abortion is a moral issue."
Josh said, "I don't recall the church pushing candidates in past elections."  
"I'm not pushing a candidate," said Father Packard.  "My concern is not even political.  I'm mentioning an issue.  A simple moral issue."
"I realize this is Democrat country," said Father Packard. "But a grievous sin continues in this country, even right now."
"Father," said Josh, "for not being political, you are very political."
"I'm only interested in what's right." 
"Excuse me," said Josh, getting up from the table, unable to sit any longer when he could not see Shannon Hoffman anywhere in the pub.  He had not come to see his friends, or Father Packard, or Judd Blanks.  He had come to see her. 
His pulse accelerated knowing that she had arrived.  Desire crawled upon his lap, and clung to him when he stood.  He attempted to remain unseen while being seen.  The urge for more than one woman had followed him into marriage, would never leave him, he believed, even imagining that Kathy would understand his plight if he ever was caught.  At a corner table, he rediscovered Shannon.  She chatted with another farm couple – neighbors of the Hoffmans.  
Passing the table, Josh did not acknowledge her.  Likewise, Shannon barely looked up as he passed by her on his way to the bathroom.  
A man washed his hands in the bathroom sink and Josh waited for him to finish.  Once the man left, Josh inspected his nose hairs.  It must be tonight and it must be soon.  Her calls that week had been suggestive, full of teasing comments.  Brief messages left on his office answering machine caused him to gasp in his chair, setting his imagination aflame, forcing him to shut the door to imagine her in the Cadillac or in the grassy Hoffman yard again.  To meet her at the screen door like on the day when she had worn only a t-shirt on the day that Jack Hoffman, a hog farmer, hauled his livestock to market.  Shannon, left all alone, dialed Josh at his office, inviting him to the house, since Jack's market trips invariably ended in a day-long drunk with his brothers.  
That was a year ago. 
Josh had a gambling problem of his own.  Pull-tabs was not gambling.  Gambling was playing the poker game of courtship with a forbidden woman and reading her face, touching her and waiting for her response, to see if she turned and ran to tell the world and call you an adulterer.  A real game of chance and consequences.  If she touched you back, the game was won.  This had happened with Shannon.  He had played and won and continued playing.  And ever since the first time he could not bear for a week to pass without a clandestine meeting.  Their places varied every time, remote or familiar – an abandoned shed, her porch, at the river bottoms, in the Cadillac, in Wisconsin.  A year now this affair had lasted, with no end in sight.  If anything, each encounter only made the time between visits more difficult, as their affair turned into a relationship akin to a high school obsession.  
He splashed water on his face, to gather his wits, to stop himself from grabbing her.  When he opened the bathroom door, he stepped out to see her back facing him, pockets squared on her tight-fitting jeans, her elbows resting on the table, neck exposed from a new shoulder-length cut.  To touch it he would die.  He mused in only slight exaggeration, all too glad to sacrifice everything for ten minutes more.  The devil did not find Josh Werther's flaw in drink or drug, but in women.  The need for a woman, not just a woman, but a different woman, one that wanted and needed a little something on the side of her own marriage, just as he did - and not just a different woman, but a woman that became jealous and angry as often as loving.  He needed these things, too.  
Barely capable of self-control, he managed to pass by Shannon without more than a glance.  To grab her hand and pull her to the back door…but he passed by her.  
Back in the bar, he noticed Judd Blanks staring at him, expressionless, next to his girlfriend Jana who gaped open-mouthed at the TV over her head.  Josh looked away, disinterested in stirring up the dog of Immaculate when finer things, indeed the finest of things, awaited within the hour.  
Seated at the table again, Josh finished his second beer and patted Nick on the shoulder, causing a ripple of fat to wave down the chest of the man.  
"Packard left?" Josh said, smiling.
"He's no Dimer," said Larry. 
Nick said, "I'm not even Catholic and I can tell you that much." 
"Well boys," said Josh.  "I'll see you tomorrow.  I trust a few of you will be at the church to help me carry those pumpkins downstairs."  
Nick said, "You won't see me," and tipped his beer back.
On his way out of the pub, he turned to see if Shannon noticed.  Her purple eyelids blinked at him, red lips smiled, and the affirmation delighted Josh, as she confirmed their arrangement.  Ridden with want, he lingered a moment at the door and stared at her, past the shoulder of Judd Blanks.  This became the mistake that forever changed Josh's life.
Judd did not accept the stare from Josh as friendly.  A stare from any man meant something more to Judd Blanks, and he muttered, "I can't believe the nerve of that prick.  Smiling at me like that."  
Josh kept staring at Shannon.  
The perceived insult increased in weight until it jarred Judd out off his stool.  He muttered as he stood. "You arrogant son-of-a-bitch."  He marched toward the door, not saying a word to Jana, pulling off his coat on the way, dropping it on the floor, prepared to knock the head off the banker.  Speaking to himself, Judd grinded his teeth.  "Mock me and see what happens, you stupid ass, Werther. You want stupid?"  He was still muttering.  "I'll show you stupid.  You don't know how stupid I am…"  
But as Judd rounded the table and neared Josh, he realized that Josh was still staring in the same direction, even wearing the same smile.  The banker was oblivious to Judd, who became confused enough that he stopped walking and looked in the direction of Josh's gaze, seeing on the other end of Josh's gaze a matching smile in Shannon Hoffman.  
By the time Judd turned back toward Josh, the entrance door had swung shut.  
The bartender yelled, "Can someone grab Werther before he gets too far?  I gotta a phone call for him."
"I'll grab him," said Judd.  
The bartender said, "Don't grab him, just tell him he has a phone call.  I heard you running your mouth at him earlier."
"I'm a peaceful man," said Judd, suddenly in a good mood.  "I'll tell him."
Out the door Judd ran, shouting until Josh turned around.  
"What is it, Judd?" said Josh.  "You got something to say?  Say it.  Want to take a swing?  Take it and be gone.  If it's a fight you want, you win."
"There's a phone call for you inside."
"What?"
"At the bar."  
"Why are you running out to tell me?"
"I was near the door," Judd said.  "Hey, I was just giving you shit in there, you know.  Can't a guy give a guy a hard time?"
"You're doing it wrong then."
"Listen, Josh, I need to talk to you about something I'm trying to put together."  He followed Josh as he started back toward the pub door.  
"There are other banks around, Judd.  You know what I've said in the past.  Your history with money, it's not good.  That Trans-Am, you didn't have it insured and bottomed it out.  There was the money for the trailer house, and you didn't take care of the payments.  You're batting zero.  I can't help you again."
"I have something else to bring to the table this time."
"I don't think so," said Josh, pushing the bar door open to go inside, leaving Judd alone outside. 
"Josh," the bartender yelled.  "It's your old lady."  
He walked across the room and leaned against the bar to calm his nerves.  The bartender said quietly, "It's Kathy.  Sounds upset."
Josh took the receiver and put it to his ear.  
"I need you to come home," Kathy said.
"I'll be home in a few hours. "
"Rhea was in the cornfield," she said, her voice unsteady with sobs.
"And?" Josh said.  "Is she out of the cornfield now?"
"And Ray was picking it with the combine.  She nearly died."
"But she didn't die, right?" Josh said.  
"Ray stopped…and Ray…the combine."
"Why the hell did you let her go in the corn field while they were picking it?  Jesus, Kathy."
"Just come home.  Come home please.  For once."
"For once?  What the hell is that supposed to mean?"
"Please, Josh."
He sighed and looked at the back table, where Shannon sat, not knowing that Judd Blanks watched carefully, examining both faces.  
Kathy said, "I'm losing my mind.  The combine…it was…"
"Fine.  I'm coming home."  
As he handed the phone back to the bartender, his friend Shoots, who was on his way to the bathroom, asked Josh, "Trouble on the home front?"
"How'd you guess?"
"What else?" 
Josh said, "Kathy let the kids play in the cornfield while Marak was combining.  One of my kids nearly went headfirst into the combine."
"Damn.  Which kid?"  
"Rhea."  
Shoots asked, "What was Kathy doing letting them play out there?"
Josh threw up his hands, irritated by the call, by Judd, by the missed opportunity with Shannon.  "I don't know.  I gotta run.  See you tomorrow."
On his way out Judd watched Josh give a final signal to the table in the back.  Josh motioned to Shannon with his hand, the same motion used to stay rather than hit at the blackjack table. 
 

Chapter 7. 

Long before sunrise, Renee tied her hair in a tight ponytail in the dark and put on her rubber boots.  In a zipped sweatshirt, she braced herself for the touch of cold air waiting outside of the house.  She commanded Ray one last time to return to bed, but he hobbled into the kitchen after her, thinking he would perform his usual day's work.  
"Lay down, you damn fool."
"I can walk," he said, leaning against the wall.  
"Think it's the first time I've milked cows?"
Ray laughed and said, "No."  Renee had spent the night nursing his injuries and in the latter hours they became playful.  
Ray eyed his wife's boots.  "Still the best looking girl in boots I've ever seen."
  A nearly tender moment passed between them, until Renee noticed the clock behind Ray, and she said, "Go to bed."  She pushed open the screen door and stopped, turning her eyes to him as she teased, "You can have me later."
"Can I hold you to that?" Ray said, laughing and reaching for a cane that hung on the wall near the laundry.  For the past few months, with Ethan away at college, and Jacob involved with football, Ray and Renee found their time together reminiscent of their first months dating in tenth grade, perhaps better.  Free from the cloud of debt, they softened toward each other, even facing one another while they slept.  
Renee stepped out the door.  Through the yard she followed the cone of her flashlight to the shed, where the 4-wheeler was parked.  She drove it to the pasture fence and stopped, dismounted, opened the gate, climbed back on the 4-wheeler, then drove through the gate, dismounted, stopping again to shut the gate, then on to the pasture to herd the cows for the morning milking.  The old yellow dog barked and nipped at the tires, as it had for fourteen years, ever ready to give chase.  
Soon she was in the parlor, letting a handful of cows in at a time, washing udders, attaching the milkers, pulling hoses from the vacuum lines, slapping hides with her hand, shouting ladies names at the cows.  For twenty minutes, she swayed from udder to udder while a string of oldies played on the manure-spattered radio that hung from a wire.  
When the last cow exited the parlor, she walked the lingering herd out of the barn toward the open air, where the cows gathered for breakfast, tossing hay as they yanked it from a round bale inside a metal cage.  
Inside the milkhouse, she filled twelve pails with powdered milk and water, whisking until the lumps disappeared.  She carried the pails to the calf hutches outside and set them into hangers.  Long hungry tongues of clean calves lunged at the pail, drinking greedily, noses submerged and coming up for air.  The new calves wailed as she walked past to retrieve more pails and bottles.  They bleated wildly and sucked on the hutch gates while she filled the bottles.  Once the bottle reached their mouths, the calves bucked against the bottle as if feeding on their mothers.  The milkhouse pump blared.  The pipes and lines sloshed with water as Renee punched buttons on electric boxes.  
For a moment she panicked – she had forgotten to check if the milk tank outlet had been plugged before starting to milk.  Eight years ago, that same mistake caused the firing of Joachim Frye when he let a day's worth of milk run down the drain.  Ray had gone to church that Wednesday morning to gain control over himself.  God forbid she incur the same wrath for lacking attention to detail.  But seeing the plug in its place, she sighed with relief.  
More chores awaited.  She ran silage down from the silo, praying that the unloader inside the silo would not malfunction, since she dreaded climbing the dirty chute and meddling with the dangerous augur that flung feed down the silo chute.  
In the house, she untied her ponytail and let her short hair down before getting into the shower.  Seven years before she had abandoned her efforts to keep her hair long.  No time to spend with the mirror, no one to compliment her, other than Ray.  
With a maroon towel over her torso and a white one on her head, she slinked past the bedrooms and shook her head.  Jacob was still not home.  Ray was gone – the fool of a man was back in the fields, slipped away while she had done the milking.  In the laundry room, searching for clothes, she noticed that the cane, which kept the dryer door propped shut, had disappeared.  He was a hard-headed fool.  
Finally, coffee, and a moment at the table.  She sat in her towel, legs crossed, not bothering to dress too quickly, since she had the house to herself, the feeling of an empty nest becoming more real each day.  A part of her wondered if Jacob had survived the night.  She finished her coffee and considered painting her toenails for a moment, but with winter coming she decided against it.  Five months of winter, her toes would not see sun.  At the mirror in the bathroom she stopped and pulled on her skin where the wrinkles formed, to smooth herself, but the folds sprung back into crow's feet when she released the tension.  Split ends accrued in her hair.  Nothing new.  The lotion and shampoo from the Avon lady turned out to be yet another snake oil.  Now that Ray allowed her enough money to spend on the cosmetics she wanted, she discovered that the fountain of youth was a cruel myth, no matter what the packaging claimed.
She told herself not to worry about Jacob, but when the clock struck seven, suggestive horrors came to mind.  In the ditch.  In jail.  Wrapped his car around a tree.  Lost.  Got in a fight.  On drugs.  Eloped.  Ran away from home – this time for real.  To steady her worry, she swept the linoleum.  
After she dressed, she napped on the couch, but awoke in the living room upon hearing one of her sons' voices.  
"Hello, Mom," said Ethan, standing in the doorway of the kitchen, observing his mother sitting up on the couch.  
"Ethan!" said Renee.  "You look older every time I see you.  I thought you might be Jacob."
"Do I smell that bad?"
"Did you have breakfast, dear?"
"No."
"I'll make you something."
"I'm not hungry."
"You have to eat something."  She pressed his shoulders and examined his face, smiling up at him.  "Eggs?  Toast?  You need to eat something because I'm still hungry and I just had breakfast.  Since your dad couldn't walk this morning, I had to milk the cows."
"Toast will be fine," he said, smiling as she touched his cheek.  "Where's Jacob?  Why didn't he milk this morning?"
Renee frowned.  "Whereabouts unknown.  He never came home last night.  If he's not dead, I'll kill him.  I'm starting to wonder."
He shook his head.  "How's Dad?  Is he in bed?"
"No," she said, shaking her head.  "He's out combining again, even though he can't walk."
"It looks like rain."
"Good," said Renee.  "Yesterday I prayed it would stay away, today I am praying that it comes.  If I knew your Dad was going to be in working order today, I wouldn't have called you last night.  You could have stayed at school."
Ethan set a backpack on the table that sagged with books.  At the kitchen sink, he washed his hands, looking out the window at the grain bins.  A large pile of spilled corn needed to be shoveled into the augur.  Out of habit he looked for the dog, who lay outside in his usual spot, curled up on a rubber mat.  Before entering the house, Ethan spent several minutes rubbing the dog's belly, until it groaned, and the fur housed so much dirt and grime that his hands reeked by the time he walked inside.
Renee said, "Jacob scored a touchdown last night.  We won the game."  
"Nice."  Ethan thumbed through some mail on the counter, looking for his name, but there was none.  The toast ejected.  Renee buttered it and motioned to the table for Ethan to sit.  
"Mind if I have a cup of coffee, too?"
"You drink coffee now?" asked Renee.  She poured a cup and gave it to him.  "Not ready for you to be an adult, even if you are twenty now.  Milk or sugar?"
"No thanks."
At the table they sat and shared an awkward moment of silence, as they each sought a topic to broach after weeks apart.  Ethan took a single bite of toast, but no more.  The backpack lay between them and Renee pulled it toward her.  "You have a lot of heavy reading."    
"You should write down your jokes," Ethan said.  
"Ray always says I don't know how to tell a joke."
"And he does?"
"He thinks he does.  But he usually forgets a part."
"Yeah, the punchline."
"Do you remember my fortieth birthday party when he tried to roast me?"
Ethan smiled.  "He roasted himself."
"It was the joke about the priest and the three wives, and who could tell the biggest lie."
Ethan smiled.  
"At least I made you smile," Renee said, sensing something bothering her son.  "How's school going?  What classes are you taking?"  
"The usual."  He unzipped the backpack to show her the book bindings.  
She reached into the bag.  "May I?  Or maybe I shouldn't.  I'm hesitant to open anything that's not mine after I looked under Jacob's bed this summer."
"It's just books, don't worry."
Shaking the bag, a stack of textbooks slid onto the table.  Renee read the titles.  "Chemistry.  Genetics.  Philosophy.  Western Civilization.  General Botany.  And macroeconomics, oh how exciting.  I think I slept through that class when I took it.  Six classes?  That's a lot, isn't it?"
"It's just right."
"Seems like a lot," said Renee.  "A little heavy on the science for my taste."
"The chemistry professor thinks I should change my major."
"And?"
"I'm considering it.  It's really amazing, Mom, biology and chemistry.  I think you would like it."
 "I'll take your word for it.  How are the classes going?  Getting good marks?"
"Yes, fine."
She said, "As always.  I never had to hound you to finish anything, Ethan.  You already know so much."
He laughed.  "I know nothing, Mom.  I knew nothing before going to college.  And I still know nothing.  Didn't you feel like that when you started at the University?"
Renee said, "Honestly, I don't remember, Ethan.  My time there, it was," she scoffed, "it was interrupted from the start.  But I regret not finishing.  I will always regret that."
"But didn't you feel ignorant?"
"I don't know about ignorant."
"Ignorant about everything?  You know I have this philosophy class and I thought it would be a waste of time.  But on the first day the teacher jumped right in and talked about Plato's Allegory of the Cave.  Do you know it?"
 "Cave?"  She thought for a moment.  "Yeah, that sounds familiar.  If I ever heard it, it's gone now."
"I know it sounds silly, but I am in the cave, Mom, because there is always something new, some idea that blows away what I knew before.  Like a bomb.  The only problem is that by learning more I just become more confused.  The world becomes more clear, and much more complicated."
"That's good Ethan," his mother said.  "This is why we sent you to college.  You know it was very important to your father."
"To Dad?  Who are you kidding? He thinks it's a waste."
"I mean you father.  Josh."
"Oh," said Ethan.  "Josh, yes.  Dad, I'm not sure he'd understand."
"What's to understand?  He will be glad to hear that you are doing well."
Ethan did not answer and Renee grew suspicious.  She said, "What else is going on?"
"Other than school?"
"Something is on your mind.  How are things with Tara?"
Ethan sighed.  "That's another thing."  He stood up and walked to the sink again.  "A lot of things happening at once."
"That's kind of how life goes.  I should have warned you."
"A girl in history class," he said, turning around.  "I find her interesting."
"Interesting?"  Renee said, eager to hear more.  
"I'm still with Tara, so stop smiling.  Nothing's changed.  You still don't approve of Tara?"
Renee said, "I have no preference."
"You did before."
"You're a young man – you have opportunity."
"But the farm…" 
"The farm will be here until the end of time," said Renee.  "It can wait for you.  You and Jacob should go out into the world and live for awhile, rather than rush back here." 
"This is where I belong."
"You can decide that later.  Another girl will come along – sounds like one already has come along."  Renee added, "I will stand by what I said before.  Forget about Tara, and go forth, to sound profound."
"Easy for you to say."  He faced the window again.  "You know, Judd Blanks said the exact opposite." 
"What did he say?"
"He said, 'forget about school – a good girl doesn't come along often.'" 
"He said that?"
Ethan nodded.
"That's the worst advice I've ever heard.  Judd is not a man to take advice from."  Renee pulled Ethan's toast toward her.  
"Why?  Who's to say he's not right?"
"Because he is all talk, Ethan.  He is a backward man.  His life peaked in high school and he can only relive it, even after his body has moved on, his mind never did.  He's not to be trusted for advice."  She took a bite of his toast.  "Sorry, I'm eating your toast."
Ethan said, "You don't trust anyone, do you?"  
"I do.  I trust you and a handful of others.  I trust God."
"A handful.  What good is that, if you can't talk and discuss things, and be open with your life?"
"You will know someday."
"I hate it when people say that."  
"Say what?"
"I've been hearing it for so long.  Like adults know everything, but I am convinced that most don't know.  In fact, that may be the one thing I am certain of – that you can't really know anything for certain."
"No, adults don't know everything," she said.  "But some things become known only by living longer.  Things that you can't find in books, but only experience."
"Like losing trust in people, for example."
Renee bobbed her head uncertainly.  "Yes, maybe."
"So what is true for you may not be true for me, is that it?"
"I suppose," she said.  "But some things are true for all.  Or should be.  If there is too much room for wondering what is right, then you could slip into the wrong way.  A little devil will find you.  They find everyone, one way or another."
"A little devil?"
"Bad habits, I mean, that lead to bad things."
"I don't seem to have any bad habits."
"Well," Renee said, "then you'll have a worse habit of thinking you're perfect.  Because no one is."
A rain drop landed on the window and Ethan saw the leaves of the plants growing wet in the flower bed.  
"Rain," said Ethan, changing the subject.  "Looks to be a drizzle."
"Your father will not be in a good mood now.  He'll be home soon."
"I was hoping to drive the combine today."
"He said something about de-horning the steers if it rained."
"Oh, wonderful," said Ethan.  "Maybe we can clean hooves after that.  Do the full manicure."  He looked at the spilled corn around the bin again and said, "I'm going to clean up that mess by the bins before it gets wet."
"You may want to take your car to the field.  Your Dad may need assistance."
Renee touched her son's hand as he walked past her to the mudroom where he traded his tennis shoes for work boots, grabbing a rain poncho from a hook near the door on his way out.  

After shoveling the corn, Ethan drove his car to the Masterson farm.  The combine trudged along the far side of the field and instead of driving over to see his Dad, Ethan parked the car and jumped on the tractor that Ray had driven to the field that morning.  Ethan hooked the tractor onto one of the wagons.  Mist struck his face until it gathered enough water to become drops and then rivulets.  The sound of the diesel engine and the tug and jerk of a payload on the hitch put a contentment in Ethan's heart.  A half hour later, he reached the Marak driveway.  He backed the wagon inside the machine shed and killed the engine.  
Standing under the presence of the windmill and silo, he heard a calf braying in one of the hutches behind the barn.  These simple smells and sounds affected him, even the feel of the powdered dirt floor of the machine shed that created puffs underfoot with each step, wafting scents of used oil and gas.  But while he enjoyed the earthy smells of the farm mixed with spent hydrocarbons, his pastoral thoughts were interrupted when he brushed the rain from his face and caught a whiff of a perfume that clung to him from the night before.  
There hadn't been any fooling around.  Only a hug upon parting, when he managed to touch her hair.  Her shirt met his shirt, leaving a reminder of her with him, along with the impression of her shape against his chest.  The girl from history class.  Beth.  Darkest hair he'd ever seen.  American and Asian and completely exotic to Ethan.  She had invited him to the lounge in her dorm for a freshman movie night – horror movies.  But Beth and Ethan both found the first movie unwatchable, bad enough that they slipped away to her dorm room with a few other sophomores.  Her friends smoked a joint, but Ethan and Beth did not.  Instead, they leafed through an art history textbook, half amused at the content but soon finding it interesting once the stoned art history major in the room elaborated on her favorites.  Beth decided to smoke, but Ethan still declined.  
His interactions with Beth started from a class assignment.  The instructor paired students off.  Initially, the two of them met at the library to discuss their paper, thinking they would divide and conquer the reading, go their separate ways, and then merge their ideas at the end.  He found her boring and dull, until she started talking frankly outside of the class.  He started talking about the history book, explaining his amazement – that the thousand-page textbook of Western Civilization had only two pages – two – about the life of Jesus.
And Beth said bluntly, "He didn't live very long."
"Yes, but I was expecting much more," Ethan said.  "It just seems impossible that so little was covered.  The Gospels say that the rocks split and the sun darkened on the day of his death.  None of the things are even mentioned.  I just don't see how that could be skipped over, since it was, obviously, the most important day in history.  It's the day that everything in history changed."
"I don't think miracles count as history, Ethan.  I mean," Beth said, smirking, "they are called miracles, so it probably didn't happen that way at all."
"Oh, please."  He laughed at her, somewhat embarrassed that she said such things so plainly.  "How would you know that?  The Gospels have it all written down.  Were you there?"
"No," she said.  "But I also don't believe that Guatama sat under the fig tree and was tempted by Mara and a bunch of demons."
"What?" said Ethan, unsure of anything she had said.  "Who are you talking about?  Do you mean Mary?"
"I'm a Buddhist."  She declared it.  Like it was no big deal.  And this captivated him.  She said, "I just think people like their stories to have some magic, don't you?  I do.  But I don't think it's history.  I mean, movies are full of magic, but I don't leave the theater thinking those things really happened."
"Buddhist?" he said aloud.  "I've never met a Buddhist.  You're the first."
"I'm not a practicing Buddhist," she said, as they sat across from one another, whispering.  "I only go because my parents do.  Tradition, you know, and all that."
And all that.  No, he did not understand.  The casualness of her tone confused him.  
Their first conversation had taken place in early September, and by the end of October, Beth and Ethan had spent many days together at the library, becoming study buddies for all classes.  He drilled a thousand questions to Beth, trying to fathom her beliefs and rituals and what she thought of Jesus and who was Buddha.  Many times, in the quiet of the library, she burst out laughing at his questions, but it did not deter him from asking another.  This other world of ideas, her life at home, the East – strange, intriguing.  Her dark eyes were pools of mystery.  
What he scoffed at one day, he reconsidered at night, and returned with refined questions after thumbing through the library stacks for more information.  He walked along the thousands of bindings, dragging his hands across the volumes, and doing this made him feel small and provincial.  He collected piles of books in his hands.  Then he would find a corner table to read, but invariably within a short time, he would read a name or a place that made his ignorance plain.  Worse than plain – ugly.  All too aware of an insufficiency in him, a gnawing lack, he became a glutton for books and information to fill the gap.  There were too few hours in a day, not enough time to understand the world around him.  In his freshman year, he drank from a firehose of math and science, calculus and organic chemistry, studying rigorously to avoid getting culled from the hard science pack.  In his sophomore year, his classes were easier – and the Humanities concepts flattened out in his mind quickly, at least in comparison to understanding protein transforms and differential equations.  But these classes that he took only to fill University requirements drew him in, each subject so rich in names and ideas of warring ways of the world – Keynes versus Friedman, Ottomans and Europeans, the Melians and Athenians, Luther in Wittenberg, evolution and creation, germ theory and demons, church and state, Aristotle and Democritus, Hannibal sacks Rome, Hannibal gets sacked, classical physics and quantum mechanics, Aquinas to Hume, Voltaire and the earthquake – and the list continued, lists of lists, ancient places with new names, maps altered with every century.  And still, none of his classes covered what Beth taught him about the Eastern world.  He could not absorb enough.  In bed he tossed, night fires in the brain, dreams intertwined with what he read, math bleeding into philosophy, economics into biology, what gave an object its mass or an idea its legs, what was real, what was truth – was there such a thing at all?  And it made him feel far from Immaculate.
One question bothered him most, surfacing in his mind time and again, before sinking again unanswered.  Not a question about truth, ideas, or even facts.  Rather it was: why had so much been kept from him?  Why had none of this ever been presented to him, in any form?  Why so unexposed?  Why hadn't he heard of Descartes and dualism?  Why did he not even know the basic story of the Iliad?  What, if anything, had he learned about the world in high school?  
To live in the world and be ignorant of it – he could not stand himself, determining that his Dark Ages had ended.  He felt it would take years to clothe the nakedness of his education, and in his zeal ignored all that he had learned on the farm, his practical knowledge of animals, plants, machinery, and tools.  Overshadowed by a sense of incompleteness, he read continuously and deemed ignorance anathema, keeping a notebook handy to write down names, places, and commonly used phrases in Latin and French that he did not know but were clearly common phrases among the erudite: the raison d'être, the bòn mót, the tabula rasa, the casus belli.  These and a thousand others he referenced and noted.  An idea led to another idea, one to another, and like a glutton, needing more, and getting more, needing still more.  When he spoke to Tara on the phone he wanted to shout and tell her to stop worrying about what happened in study hall, or who said what to who – she was trapped in the lowest level of Plato's cave.  But he still loved her – and there was no solution to that.   

The defunct windmill in the Marak yard squealed as the wind turned the blades.  Ethan crossed the yard toward the shed to dig out the de-horning tools.  A box under a long bench in the shed contained all the tools.  The v-shaped Barnes dehorner, looking like a medieval torture tool, lay on top.  Hair and crusted dried blood remained upon the tool from when Ethan and Ray had dehorned steers two years ago.  He tested the dehorner – clacking it open and shut several times to break up the gunk.  It had to be sharp.  A bad cut meant a God-awful bloody mess.  A bottle of quick-clot was clumped from disuse, and Ethan shook the bottle to powderize the contents.  On a grinding wheel, Ethan sharpened his knife.  He plugged in an iron, a cauterizing iron, to make sure that it still worked.  The head of the iron had a thick layer of crimson, too, from the last dehorning.  He set down the iron on the dirt floor.  
The cattle chute needed to be moved inside the barn, out of the rain.  He opened a large door on the shed again so he could drive the tractor out.  He would gather the steers and set the chute.  As he slid the door open along its guiding rail, Ethan glimpsed Jacob's truck turning into the yard, but rather than wait to greet his brother, Ethan returned to the shed and jumped on the tractor, starting the engine. 
He drove the tractor out from the darkness of the shed, through the open door.  Raining harder now, Ethan pulled the poncho hood over his head.  The sound of tires on gravel approached.  Rain struck Ethan's back.  

Chapter 8. 

"Take me home, now!" Tara shouted at Jacob.
Even while she berated him, Jacob could not stop smiling.  
"No need to get excited."
She cussed at him from the passenger seat when he told her that he must stop at the Marak farm before dropping Tara off at her house in town.  
 "I am dead," she said.  "I am already dead.  My father will freak."
Jacob said, "I think you're the one that's freaking.  You need to relax.  I will take you home if you show me you can relax."
She punched him in the shoulder and then sat back in her seat.  
"That's not relaxing," he said. "That's rowdy.  None of this would have happened if you hadn't seduced me."  She laughed and put her elbow on the door and leaned her head against the window.  During the night, Jacob had pretended that the truck was stuck for hours.  In hindsight, a regrettable decision, but only because Tara rejected him and he kept trying until they both dozed off to sleep.  A little kiss, that was all that happened.
Jacob said, "Put your head down."
"What?"  She said, "I am not putting my head in your lap."
"I'm not asking for that.  We're almost to the house.  You don't want my mother to see you in the truck."
"Why?"
"She's crazy."  He told Tara all manner of tales about Renee on the way to the farm, persuading her to hide.  He insisted that his mother had nearly pulled the ear off Sarah Tannenbaum once.  And on several occasions Renee had tied Jacob with rope, hands and feet and pulled him around the yard behind the 4-wheeler.  Good with a rope, from her Girl Scout days.    
"I don't believe it.  She doesn't seem like that at all," said Tara, crouching into the foot space uneasily.
"Want to find out?  Didn't Ethan ever tell you?  Mom does all the butchering around here.  Never seen a woman so handy with a cleaver."
"Fine, I'm hiding.  But we better be gone in two minutes."
The truck turned into the gravel road that led to the house.  A tractor in the shed moved.  "Good, it's only Judd," Jacob muttered, seeing the blue poncho.  He drove near the machine shed.  The tractor emerged from the door.  The face under the poncho tilted down and Jacob waved at Judd.  
It was not Judd. 
Jacob pressed the braked hard and turned the steering wheel.  He veered and whipped the back end around, throwing gravel from muddy tires.  He drove away from Ethan, some hundred feet before stopping abruptly.  The pickup jugged to a halt and Jacob stepped out, quickly, to accost Ethan before he could drive the tractor past the truck and peer down into the windows.  
"What are you doing home?" Jacob yelled, his arms open in gesture, walking swiftly, toward his brother on the tractor, separating himself from Tara.
Ethan stopped the tractor engine and dismounted.  Jacob embraced Ethan, an uncommon greeting for the brothers, or any males in Immaculate.  
"Knock it off," said Ethan, pushing Jacob away. 
"I'm excited to see you."
Ethan nodded at the truck.  "What's with the driving?"
"You startled me," said Jacob.  "Thought you were Judd with that hood on.  He wears that poncho."
"It's my poncho."
"He wears it."  Bags sagged under Jacob's eyes.  
"You look like hell.  What happened to your truck?"
"What do you mean?" asked Jacob, furrowing his brow.
"I mean the paint.  It's all scraped up.  Grass sticking out the sides."
"Oh that."
"Yes, that.  Looks like the doors are wearing hula skirts."  
"A little mudding.  We did a little mudding last night, me and some of the guys.  After the police busted the Bluffs."
Ethan started to walk toward the pickup.  "It's a lot of damage."
"Yeah, but, it's just paint."  Jacob laughed and stepped in front of Ethan.  "And you know what Judd always says.  It's just money.  You'll make more tomorrow."
"Exhaust, side mirrors, even the side walls of your tires, they are shredded..."
"What the shit?  Just having a little fun."  Jacob stepped in front of Ethan and pressed his hands against Ethan's shoulders, distracting him from his train of thought.  "Forget the truck, dude.  I'm starving and Mom is going to rip me a new one.  But if you come inside with me maybe she'll go soft.  You're her golden boy.  Golden goose, can do no wrong."
"I think they kill the goose in that story.  Why should I help you?  I can't undo your night." 
"You'll be good to have in the room.  Call it a favor."
"Another favor."
"One more favor, for old times.  Besides, I have to go to town and watch the video of the football game.  Coach wants to get us ready for next week.  So I'm just stopping in to kiss mother's ring and I'll be gone again."
Ethan pointed at the shed, "I've got the cauterizing iron plugged in.  Sitting on the dirt in the shed.  Let me shut that off first."
"Sitting on dirt?  It ain't gonna burn dirt.  Ever heard of a dirt fire?"
"True," said Ethan. 
"Why are you home?"
The two of them walked toward the house, with Ethan explaining what happened to Rhea in the cornfield, and how Renee had called him to come home and assist.  Jacob kept turning over his shoulder to view the pickup, to make sure that Tara's head stayed down.  
The keys dangled from Jacob's hand as he entered the house, with Ethan behind him.  They both took off their shoes and walked into the kitchen.  Jacob sighed and entered the kitchen, first to face Renee.  
"Mom, I can explain," he started, pouring excuses out before the questions began.  "I went to a party.  I wasn't drinking, I was just giving people rides.  I'm sure you've heard by now that the police busted it up and started giving out tickets.  Well, shoot, I knew I shouldn't have gone there, but I just couldn't let my friends drink and drive.  It's just not worth it to drink and drive, you know, with all the risks…"
"You don't have to explain," Renee said, walking toward her son and snatching the keys out of his hand with a jerk.  "But you should go and say goodbye to your truck."
"What?" said Jacob.  "Mom.  Seriously."  He laughed.  "Mom, I have to go to town this morning."
"You're not going anywhere."
"Coach wants us to watch the video of last night's game.  For the next game."  He waited.  "Mom, don't you want us to win?"
"The game has nothing to do with responsibility," Renee said.  She placed the keys in a front pocket on her jeans.  "And the courtesy of a phone call could have saved you.  But instead, you won't be getting these back until Christmas.  Maybe never.  I'm tired of you not listening to me."
"How was I supposed to contact you, with a smoke signal?  This is silly, Mom.  Honestly, punishment for doing a good deed?  Is that how you set an example?  I was only helping my friends.  Jesus, mother, you know I don't like to drink.  I don't even like the taste of beer!"
Renee said, "Then you should have come home, I guess."
"I bought the truck.  I saved all my money…"
"You paid for a third of that truck.  And it's a privilege to drive it.  A privilege that you just lost."
Jacob shook his head and walked over to a drawer where his spare keys were. 
"Looking for these?"  Renee dangled Jacob's other set of keys from her fingertips.  "You aren't going anywhere."  
"That's the last time I help people," Jacob said, with beggar's eyes.  "Thanks for the lesson in charity, Mother.  From now on, I'll look out for number one.  So much for the Good-fricking-Samaritan.  If I ever come across a traveling Jew on the road who had the tar beat out of him, I'll just tell him, 'Sorry asshole, if I help you, Mother will punish me.'"
"So it is true after all," Renee said.  "The devil can quote scripture for his purposes.  Nice try, Jacob.  Not gonna work."

Chapter 9. 

Her interactions at the bank that morning were forced and awful.  When Kathy arrived, the other tellers had gathered near one of the counting machines.  They dispersed at once upon seeing her enter the building, like hens scattered by the opening of a gate.  Kathy could feel them already pecking her skull as punishment for the unforgivable mothering error.  How could they know already?  How could they possibly have heard?   
A half hour of silence passed with but a handful of customers.  Then a woman entered with rollers in her hair, named Estelle, a fixture in the third pew in the Immaculate church, with ancient lines in her face and rosary beads permanently pressed to her lips under the hint of a moustache.  Like clockwork, running her Saturday morning errand, she arrived at the bank at nine o'clock.  One of the tellers perked up to accommodate the woman, although all tellers routinely schemed to avoid Estelle, timing their bathroom breaks and talking to dial tones, even hiding in the vault, passing the responsibility of serving this particular customer using myriad tricks, to dodge the fifteen minute ordeal of walking through Estelle's checking account transactions.  
The assisting teller smiled and fawned at Estelle, who dragged a crooked long fingernail across the lines of her checkbook ledger and customarily accused the bank of "skimming the cream" from her Social Security money.  At the end of her account balancing, the old woman wrapped a headscarf over the rollers in her hair, and then expressed her weekly parting shot, an engineered comment that she always shared before leaving, much like some people will share a joke upon saying goodbye.  But her intent was to cut someone in half, not put them in stitches.  And try as the tellers might to rise above the woman's cruel remarks, they could not help but listen and wait for the insult, to find out which soul in town Estelle had selected for her weekly ridicule.  Her nonsensical insults often led to inside jokes that became part of the internal bank lingo.  As usual, on that Saturday morning, speaking to no one in particular, the old woman glanced at Kathy, looked away, then aired her weekly grievance:
"Working again, I see.  Pray for the little ones who must fend for themselves."
The comment took a moment to sink in.  Kathy did not understand what the old woman had meant until she walked out the front door of the bank.  The other tellers remained straight-faced, accustomed to the Estelle's cryptic and rude quips, but the target of her comment usually did not occupy the same room.  Estelle's custom was to insult people who were not present.  
Kathy suddenly understood, and looked up from the numbers on a loan application.  She closed her eyes, tipped her head back, and pressed her palms against the table, locking her elbows out.  The old woman had laid an egg and left it behind.  One of the tellers behind Kathy stifled a laugh.  When Kathy turned, she caught the smirk.  She took a mental note of which teller had taken pleasure in the remark, and would remember the expression when her recommendations for promotions and raises were requested by Josh and the other upper management at the bank.    
A paragraph of stairway wit came to Kathy.  Too late, these rejoinders, always too late.  But seeing the other women's faces, Kathy could not stand idle and allow the comment to survive open-ended without retort.  She capped her pen and strode out the door, slamming the swinging gate that enclosed the teller stand, using her shoulder to turn the glass revolving door.  
The old woman sat in her car in the parking lot, thumbing through her purse.  Seeing Kathy, the woman's hands shook.  She gripped the steering wheel, prepared to drive away, but she had not started the engine.  
Kathy put her hand on the roof and leaned in toward the woman.  "Did you have something to say to me, Estelle?"
"What?" she said, with a delicate ignorance, the politeness of a grandmother.  "No, dear.  Why do you ask, Mrs. Werther?"
"When you want to insult someone, do it to their face."
"Insult someone?  I would never."
"Listen, Estelle.  I know you've been getting away with this for years, but today is going to be the last time.  If you want to say something about working mothers, say it to me – not the other women.  Your remarks are not welcome any more in the bank, do you hear me?"  
"What remarks?  I never…"
"In fact, they've never been welcome, not just in the bank, but anywhere.  Because when you take a stab at me, I could just as easily comeback at you and say, 'Look at that crazy woman's kids and how screwed up they are.  Her daughter Georgia hates her and is smoking herself to the stub.  Jimmy, bless his heart, he runs the most-likely-to-be condemned farm in Immaculate.  And Larry, there's a reason he's still a bachelor and it has nothing to do with girls.'"
"Blast you," said Estelle. "Who is watching your children?  Those poor souls may be better off run through a combine than live under a mannish beast of a mother.  I'll be taking my business elsewhere.  Who is watching your children?  Who?"
"Please do take your business elsewhere.  I guess now would also be a good time for me to suggest that you shave your beard."  
"Maybe God can forgive you and your pagan-named children.  I'll pray for you to come to the light."
"Shove it up your ass!" Kathy shouted, striking her fist against her other forearm, pushing her right arm out and upward.  This was the first time she used the gesture, yet it happened naturally and surprised her, almost pleasing her.  She had taken a short vacation from being Minnesota-nice. 
She marched back into the bank, heels tapping a woody sound on the pavement.  Already, she felt unsatisfied with herself for accosting Estelle.  Nothing solved, everything confirmed.  Loose woman, she had said.   What loose?  She hadn't had sex in months.  Enticing Josh?  Impossible.  Nothing in her closet drew a second look from him.  Even if he was interested when he arrived at home, she always fell asleep by nine o'clock.  And pagan?  This insult raked worse than the other accusation, sickening Kathy because of its strangeness.  The girls' names – Rhea and Dawn – she had chosen the names from a book of baby names.  The word pagan did not even make sense to Kathy, but she sensed a cruel implication and this remark hurt more than the others did. 
 The other women at the teller stand did not look at Kathy, although she suspected that they had all watched the altercation in the parking lot from the window, like schoolchildren.  The tellers pretended to work. Nothing more Immaculate than feigned naivety.  Kathy returned to her loan application and started marking signature lines with tape and markers for the prospective homebuyer, slapping the stickers and ink haphazardly upon the pages.  The only sound in the room came from her angry hands and the other women's fingers on the ten-key pads.  The door chain rang a bell whenever a customer entered the revolving door, the jingling sound releasing pressure from the silence between the tellers.  
One of the tellers tended to the new customer.  Kathy shelved the application and pulled another one from the inbox on the counter.  As she started checking numbers again, she clenched her fist and set it on the table, pressing against the wood, grounding her frustration through the flex in her forearm.  An hour passed with Kathy performing her normal duties with gritted teeth, until her anger bubbled over when a new teller, Maggie Arneson, crept alongside Kathy, bearing a little handwritten note.
"What's this?" asked Kathy.
"I didn't want to disturb you," said Maggie.
"Is this a phone message?"
"No, just a note I wanted to pass to you."
Kathy read aloud, mumbling the words.  "Kathy, when you get a moment, I am having trouble closing my drawer out.  I seem to be $20 short. I need to leave at 10:00 for my appointment."
"Why are you telling me in a note?"
Maggie put her head down.  "I didn't want to interrupt you."
"How does a note interrupt any less than speaking?"
The girl did not respond.  
"Well, I'm interrupted now.  What exactly are you asking me?  Did you want me to figure out where you miscalculated or lost the twenty dollars?  Go count it again."
"I've counted it.  Twice."
"Twenty dollars means you probably miscounted or you gave a sticky bill out.  And either way, it's your drawer.  You need to learn to talk to the customer and count at the same time, snap the bills apart between your thumb and your middle finger.  Or better yet, don't talk to the customer while you count."
"I'm sorry that I bothered you."
"Don't be sorry, just speak up.  Six months now and you still can't ask a question?  You need to get some confidence.  This walking on eggshells business has to end if you want to get things done.  I find this timid attitude irritating."
"I'm sorry."  
Maggie looked like she might cry so Kathy backed off, even though she wanted to rule over the pusillanimous Maggie, as a proxy, since she was representative of a larger culture.  Instead, Kathy relented and showed mercy on the meek girl, saying, "Go get your drawer."
"Thank you."
"Please let this day end," whispered Kathy, looking at the clock and chewing her inner cheek.  The furtive glances continued from the other women and she could hardly bear much more, as anger slowly eroded into shame.  But she counted and stared straight ahead.  Indeed, the girl had indeed handed out an extra twenty-dollar bill to a customer that morning.  The fear in the girl made it obvious to Kathy that the girl had not stolen it.  "Forget about it," Kathy said, "I'll cover it – this time," but the girl cried anyway.  Such a delicate thing.  She had no skin for responsibility and needed constant emotional reinforcement.  How could an adult have such little confidence in herself?  Talk about bad mothering, thought Kathy, diverting her own self-criticism.  
The next half hour dragged and the fieriness of Kathy waned.  Her anger decayed into darker thoughts.  By 10:30, the spent nerves in her body allowed guilt to bloom.  Thinking of Rhea and feeling the overarching eye of Immaculate upon her, she could not continue working.  She passed her authority to an older teller to manage the last few hours of the shift.  

The stares seemed to follow her out the bank door into the street.  Driving in town she felt yoked with embarrassment, as if towing a billboard along that announced her mistake.  The silver car made her conspicuously present wherever she turned.  She and Josh had purchased the Cadillacs for the purpose of being recognized.  The symbol of success, confidence – but now a marker of her location, a spotlight illuminating the bad mother of Immaculate.  The women of the town, especially the lower class ones, sneered at her – she felt them reveling in her fall from grace.  Voices came to her, imagined ones.  The mother of the children of the corn.  The careerist woman who neglected her children.  They would be better off raised by wolves.  See what money does to people?  You know if she was poor, the state would take those children away and put them in a proper home.  
She made a stop at the grocery store to pick up milk and bread and apples.  Inside, the aisles seemed to close in on her, circling her like a noose.  The easy-listening jazz music, the fluorescent lighting – both made the artificial passing smiles of shuffling homemakers doubly strange.  The sound of her heels on the tiles echoed down the produce aisle, announcing her status as a working woman, which usually made her proud.  Grossly aware of herself, to a degree that philosophers speculate upon, anxiety ballooned within her, while the aisles collapsed around.  A stock boy watched her as he stacked heads of iceberg lettuce.  Was he laughing?  She tossed a few apples into a plastic bag without inspecting them for blemishes and worm-holes, and moved out of the aisle to get the milk and bread, walking rapidly, wanting to run but needing badly to maintain the norms of society throughout this breakdown.  
At the checkout aisle, with her items on the moving belt, she noticed the milk as the cashier scanned the label.  Skim milk.  The checkout girl could not scan the label.  She kept running it through.  Beep.  Beep.  Kathy had grabbed the wrong milk.  She meant to buy two-percent milk.  Not skim milk.  It was for the kids, and not her.  It was for the kids.  The beep of the scanner again, again, reminding her of her wrong selection.  
She said to the girl, "I usually get two-percent."  
The girl nodded, not knowing what to make of the comment.  "That's what I drink."
"It's better for the kids," she said, bending her fingers inward and then crossing her arms.  "I grabbed the wrong one."
"I can't get the label in the right spot."
"Give it to me," Kathy said, ripping the bottle from the girl's hands.  A burly man in line behind Kathy, holding six TV dinners, said, "I'll wait if you need to get a different gallon." 
"Please, sir," said Kathy.  "Go ahead.  I'll be right back."
"I can wait."
"No, go ahead.  I insist."  
"No, it's fine, I'll..."
"Here," she said, and pulled his TV dinners from his rough hands and plopped them onto the belt ahead of her items.  

At the milk refrigerators, she shoved the gallon of skim milk back into a slot and grabbed the two-percent milk.  She muttered, "Rhea is too skinny as it is.  What kind of mother gives their children skim milk?  A careless mother, one like Tammy Brigham."
Perhaps two percent lacked the fat her skinny children needed.  They should be plumper – but not too plump.  They could stand some whole milk now and then.  
The two percent gallon of milk was exchanged for a gallon of whole milk.  That would be better.  The kids could use a few pounds.  "And you could lose ten," she said aloud to herself, much louder than expected, and covered her mouth, surprised at her own outburst.  The milk fiasco worsened.  She began inspecting expiration dates, seeking the gallon of whole milk with the latest date, so that it would not go bad in the refrigerator.  Nothing but the freshest for her family.  They all had the same dates.  They were all the same.  All of the dates, to the last milk in the rear of the sliding tray, ending on the tenth of November.  Kathy's eyes started to water as the date appeared again: 11/10/92.  It became upsetting.  Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed two old women with their shopping carts, watching her, gathering notes to report for their afternoon calls to their friends.  "Hags," she whispered.  The focus of the day's gossip magnified Kathy sense of being to great proportions, so that she became a giant.  It was her turn, her turn to under the microscope.  What vermin these gossips are, she judged, forgetting the thousand times she unknowingly and knowingly transferred bits of information about other men and women to passersby in her day.  Now the stares of the other women made her loathe this human tradition.  
The milk bottles gathered at her feet.  When her hands reached for another milk, they found open air.  The tray was empty.  Turning, she jumped at seeing so many gallons of milk on the floor around her feet.  She was losing control now.  Straightening her shirt, she started placing the gallons back into the slots in the refrigerator.  Tears teemed. An eager drop burst forward, rushing down her cheek, hurrying to her blouse.  Suddenly the stock boy saved her.  He abandoned his lettuce stack and said, "I'll put 'em back for you, Mrs. Werther."
"Thank you.  Bless you."  Her voice cracked.  "Thank you."  She could not continue on through the minute.  Running to the exit, she crashed out the door to the light, hand over her mouth, leaving her items at the register.  In the parking lot, she entered the car, to hide in plain sight, without any milk of any percent for her children.
She started home, and then turned the car around.  She could not yet go home, not to Josh or the children, but needing something desperately, to see a certain man, for she knew no one else who could comfort her in the same manner.  She steered toward the east side of Immaculate, yearning to see the man.  She walked inside a building and asked to see him.  The assistant told her that he was playing checkers, but Kathy insisted that she must see him.  In the foyer of the building, she stared at a pastel picture of flowers in a cheap frame, long enough that her eyes saw past the flowers into the softer focus of her own reflection and wrinkles, aging, hardening, beholding all of the undesirable things a woman can see in her face, real and imagined, upon her brow and her eyes, the corners of her mouth.  And just as this many-headed hydra of self-abuse began again, much like it had in the grocery store, Kathy heard a familiar voice, and saw in the reflection an older, wrinkled face coming toward her in a wheelchair.
She spun around and said, exhaling, "Father Dimer."
"Little Kathy McKay," he said, smiling.  "I was up two dollars, and I just landed a triple-word-score."  He stopped and noticed her wet cheeks and puffy eyes.  "What's wrong sweetheart?"
She kneeled and put her forehead against his wrinkled and spotted arm.  "I'm a bad mother."
"If you're a bad mother," he said, laying his hand on her head and patting her hair, "I'm Charles Manson.  Come on now, let's go into the grand ballroom here and talk about it."  He pointed to the fluorescent room inside where an elderly man and two women sat in wheelchairs staring up at a TV tuned to a rerun episode of Bonanza.
Kathy's sobs came harder.  She gripped Father Dimer's flowered Hawaiian shirt, one of his retirement shirts that, along with himself, that never reached Florida or the South Pacific.  
"Get up," said Father Dimer.  "Push me along now.  I promise you, everything is going to be all right once we have a pop together."  He pushed open the door and said to a nurse, "Alice, when you return, would it be too much trouble for you to bring us two Pepsis, please?"  
The nurse spoke over her burning cigarette.  "When my break is over."
"Of course, when your break is over.  Until then, enjoy the fresh air," he said.  To Kathy, Dimer whispered, "I tell you, the service at this hotel is not great, but they do respond if you complain at regular intervals and sugarcoat everything a bit.  Now, stand up and push me along, we'll have a pop and a talk.  You'll see, Kathy.  The sun will rise again tomorrow, just like it did today." 

Chapter 10.  

The steer slobbered, bellowed, and bucked its head from side to side.  Jacob held the dehorner and dodged a bloody spray that squirted from the steer's head.  On the ground, next to his boots, lay the lopped horn, barely an inch long and bloodied on one end.  
Atop the cattle chute, Ethan pushed the steer with his feet to stabilize the animal for the removal of the other horn.  
"Got that one a bit deep," said Ethan.  A ring of blood seeped out quickly on the steer's head into the gaping sinew.  
"No," Judd said, "that ain't deep.  I've cut 'em deeper than that."
"Shake some clot on it," said Ethan. 
"I'm gettin' to it," said Judd, shaking the white powder onto the head of the steer.  "Good God, you are high-strung."
"How'd you like it if we chopped out a corner of your head and nobody did anything?"
"They're too dumb to care," said Judd.  "It don't hurt 'em."
"The hell it doesn't," said Ethan.  "They have nerves in their head same as you."
"An expert on everything now, aren't you?" said Judd.
"I'm just saying," said Ethan.  "Dumb or not, they feel pain same as you and me."
The spine of the steer raised when Jacob set the dehorner on the other horn.  This time the steer knew before the pain started.  Ethan did his best to hold the animal in place, using his feet so that Jacob could make a clean cut.  
The back bowed and raised upward, legs splayed, manure dropped, and the steer bled.  Jacob wrenched on the handles, cutting through the horn.  The steer bucked and brayed again.  The powder sopped up the blood, but the flow continued.  The hot iron followed, causing the steer to groan.  Another groan under the hot cauterizing iron.  A sizzle, followed by the smell of burning hair, smoke drifting out from beneath the iron, curling upward into the heights of the barn.  Rain pelted the tin roof overhead.  The sound of shuffling hooves came from behind the gate, where thirty other steers waited their turn, reaching their tongues into corners where leftover hay had fallen.  The blood seep slowed under the iron.  Judd opened the headlock and Ethan slapped the side of the steer while Jacob pushed on its head.  The steer backed up slowly and exited the chute, bewildered, hornless, and free.  
"Next," Jacob said, without enthusiasm.
The three men walked into the gathered herd and separated one animal, guiding it toward the chute, hissing and hawing at the steer until it stopped bobbing around and jumped into the chute.  Jacob ran to the front and locked the gate before the steer backed up.  On the first horn, the steer usually complied, unaware of the purpose of the tool.  The crack of the dehorner livened them up.  
"I tell ya," said Jacob, "that smell might make me lose my cookies.  I still have beer in me.  I'm not quite steady yet."
"You should have another beer right now."  Judd said, "That'll solid your stomach.  When I was your age, we drank all night and started again the next morning."
Ethan mumbled, "That explains a lot."
"What's that?"
"I said, that explains a few things."
"You're a smartass, Ethan, you know that?"
"Why's that?" asked Ethan, laughing.  "You can dish it out, but can't take it?"
"Guys, I need a minute," Jacob said, and walked to the back of the barn, leaning over to dry-heave.  He stood up and put his hands on his head, waddling out of view.   
"You know, you're getting to be more and more like your old man," said Judd to Ethan, putting a cigarette in his mouth.  
Ethan lost his smile.  "I'd like to know where you're going with that comment."  
"A snob."  Judd lit the cigarette.
"When have I ever been a snob?" said Ethan.  "I've listened to your stories all these years and never said peep.  Even about the things you should be locked up for."  He paused, waiting for Judd to respond.  When he did not, Ethan prodded him.  "What's your problem?  You been on me since I saw you this morning."
"It's just in you," said Judd.  "You don't even know it, but it's there.  You're a Werther."
"What's my name?" asked Ethan, rhetorically.  "It's Marak." He thumbed his own chest, a flare in his cheeks.  "And don't you forget it."
"Don't get touchy now, I'm not trying to…"
"Trying to piss me off?  That's exactly what you're trying to do.  I'm a Marak as much as Jacob.  To hell with you for even saying it."
"I didn't say it, you did."
"And I'm not a kid anymore, Judd, so I don't sit and listen when you run your mouth.  Guess you got used to not hearing anything back."
"Relax," said Judd, laughing.  "Jesus, relax.  We're just jawin'…"
"What are you trying to communicate then, Judd.  That I ain't a Marak?" asked Ethan, with his tongue going dry from anger and nerves.  
"Just get that next goddamn steer in the chute," said Judd, knocking the dehorner against the gate.  "Ain't got time to listen to you bleat, I got things to do today.  Christ, you sound like a woman when you get excited.  I think you need to get laid, that'd calm you down.  Still waitin' for marriage like you said?"
"You are about one comment away."
"From what?"
"From being face down in the shit."  Ethan stared down at Judd, knowing he could not do what he claimed, knowing Judd Blanks' reputation for winning brawls.  Ethan shoved his feet against the steer and pinned its head to the side, tending to the work at hand.  He was a Marak.  He reminded himself again, as he had for the past decade. 

Once out of sight of Ethan and Judd, Jacob stopped pretending to dry-heave.  He slipped around the building, into the parlor to get some water, taking a long drink himself from the faucet before finding a calf pail to fill.  He ran to his pickup truck with the pail, and peeking in the window he saw Tara laying on the seat, on her back, with her eyes closed.  "Hey Snow White," he said, tapping on the window.  "It's me, your prince, with a kiss for you!"  He opened the door quietly, ducking low.  She jumped and he shushed her. 
"Keep your head down."  
"Take me home, now.  Jacob, this is bad," she said, leaning her head down to the seat again.  "I can't even tell you how bad.  My parents have probably called the police by now."
"Tara, I have everything under control," Jacob said.  "I just have to figure out a way to get my keys and then I can give you a ride."
"Your keys?  What happened to just stopping in?"  
"Mother has quick hands," said Jacob.  "She's like a raccoon.  She looks slow, but she's quick when she's sees a shiny thing like keys.  If this were the Wild West, she'd be a gunslinger..."
"What?  Jacob, she took the keys?  Your keys?"  
"She's fast.  Ever see her do needlepoint?  She's Betsy Ross raised up.  I once saw her snatch a dragonfly out of the air.  Took an egg from a hen without waking the bird."  
"You don't even have chickens."
"Not after that, they ran away.  That old raccoon."
"Do you have another car I can borrow?  Or a four-wheeler.  My Dad – you don't know him.  He will lose it."
"Trust me, everyone loves you, Tara.  If you go home, look sad, and cry – how do you not know this?  You're a girl – this will be an easy fix.  I have to work to get out of trouble, but for you, it should come natural.  Just sit tight."
"Sit tight?"
"Would you like some water?"  He held up the pail and sloshed it around. 
"From a pail?"
"It's all I could find.  You don't have to drink it."
"Yes, give it to me.  My mouth is cotton."
"It's your fault as much as mine," he said.  "You were at the party, too."
"An underage drinking ticket would be better than kidnapping."
"It will all be fine.  Just, be patient, Tara, I'm working on it," he said, nodding with confidence at her, like a doctor with no cure.  He closed the door on the pickup but opened it again to add: "If you had just fooled around with me a bit after we crossed the creek, all of this could have been avoided.  But no, you had to say no, and just give me that one little kiss.  Could have been home by midnight.  Now I'm grounded and you're in the truck." 
Tara pulled the pail away from her mouth.  "You said we were stuck!"
Jacob cleared his throat.  "We were."
"You liar," she said.  "You…"  She tossed the water into his face.  "Then you got me drunk."
Dripping, he said, "I didn't drink the beers, you did.  Besides, we didn't do anything."
"Didn't do anything?  Jacob, I've never cheated before in my life."
"Cheated?  That wasn't cheating."
"Get out of here.  My God, I can't believe this.  My friends will never speak to me."
"We didn't do anything.  Just think of it that way."
"What?"
"Nothing happened."
Tara kicked her foot toward Jacob but missed.  "It sure as heck did."
"I don't remember.  Even if it did, just remember, it didn't."
"Leave.  Don't come back until you have keys and a clue."

A silver car entered the driveway and Jacob saw Kathy Werther.  She waved politely to Jacob but did not smile.  The girls in the back seat of the car wore blue jeans and rain coats, and like their mother, straight faces, except for the youngest, Bryce, who was singing a blubbering rendition of a song known only to him.  
Jacob returned to the barn with a new strategy, invented on his walk from the pickup to the cattle chute.  He interrupted Judd and Ethan while they released another steer from the gate.  Judd held the dehorner and pushed the steer from the chute with his boot.  "Get outta here, you dumb bastard!"
Ethan said, "Why don't you sit in the chute and I'll do the horns."
"Why?" said Judd.  "Am I being too rough?"
"Damn right you are," said Ethan.  "In an hour, we're going to have to check that one to make sure the blood stops."
Judd said, "I ain't any rougher on them than your old man is."
"There's a big difference in how it's done.  You're cutting deep for no reason, other than that you're twisted."  
"You want the horns to grow back?  You gotta get the root," said Judd.  "If I'd known you'd be here bitching all morning I'd have stayed home."
"Fellas," Jacob cleared his throat.  "Fellas, I just talked to Mom.  She waved me over to the house and I never got to finish heaving, God bless her.  Word is, she said – word is that Dad called the house," he pointed at the house and gesticulated a phone call, "Dad called from the Masterson house.  He doesn't have enough tarps to cover the gravity boxes.  So I'm to take the tractor and pull the uncovered wagons home as soon as possible.  Getting wet out there."
"He's got enough tarps," said Judd.  "We counted them out yesterday."
"Funny you should mention it," Jacob said, improvising.  "I guess a badger, or a school of badgers, chewed through one of those tarps last night."  
"Badgers?" said Ethan.  "A school of badgers?  Come on."
"Or a flock of badgers, sorry, I don't know the official terminology.  Anyhoo, Dad said it smelled like something sweet was spilled on that tarp.  Honey maybe.  That's what attracted the raccoons."
"Honey?" said Judd.  "What honey?  Where would anyone get honey to spill?"
"Something sweet – I don't know what it was, maple syrup, antifreeze – something that badgers like," said Jacob.  "But seriously, does it matter what the badgers were eating?  You tell me, Judd – you were the one counting tarps.  Were you having pancakes at the same time? " He slapped Judd on the shoulder and laughed, implying the error was his.  "I suppose you didn't open them tarps up and look at them, did you?  Just counted them out, one, two, three, please pass the pancakes."  He shoved Judd to distract him.  "Anyway, I'll be back in about forty-five minutes."
After Jacob walked out, Judd looked at Ethan.  "I just don't see how honey…that a badger would – that don't make no sense."

Chapter 11. 

That morning, Bryce had awoken at 5:30 AM, waking everyone with him, banging a toy on the wall next to his crib, until both sisters emerged from their dark rooms and appeared at the staircase rubbing their faces.  Kathy hopped into the shower to get ready for her Saturday shift at the bank, while Josh led the children to the living room for cartoons.  As usual, Josh let them watch four or five hours of TV while he read the newspaper, balanced his checkbook, tinkered on ill-advised home improvement projects, and stared out the window.  That morning, before she left, Kathy said and repeated: 'no cartoons'.  
The denial of TV was one of Kathy's punishments for ignoring her orders about playing in the corn field.  Josh nodded, said goodbye, and as soon as Kathy left, he turned on cartoons.  The kids watched The Smurfs, Looney Tunes, Tom & Jerry – whatever they wanted, so long as they let Josh enjoy his kitchen solitude.  Still, a thousand interruptions came from the living room.
"Dad!"
"What this time?"
"Bryce tried to bite me," said Dawn. 
"No biting."  A broken record.  For the past ten years, and yet again: no biting.  No kicking.  No throwing balls in the house.  No standing on the table.  No putting food in daddy's shoes.  No hiding car keys in the fireplace.  No this.  No that.  
A midmorning restlessness grew in Josh, as it did every Saturday morning while Kathy worked her extra shift.  The domestic hours lingered into an epoch.  Unable to finish reading the newspaper, he paced the kitchen and living room floor.  Unable to sit, he downed a third cup of coffee.  The sense of being tethered on a day without work made him long all the more for Shannon Hoffman.  
Bryce entered the kitchen, crying, and waddled to the pantry where his most beloved possession leaned against the wall.  The mop.  He adored the mop.  When he emerged from the pantry, he held the mop-head to his chest like a security blanket.  
"Daddy," he said, turning from side to side with the mop.  "Daddy."
"No, I'm Daddy," said Josh.  
"No, mop Daddy!" shouted Bryce, with a stern face, guarding his mop by turning his body.  
"No, I'm Daddy," said Josh.   
"No Daddy, Mop!"
At first, Josh had found this amusing, when the mop became Daddy and Daddy became the mop.  Josh even played along in the beginning, laughing when Rhea and Dawn called Josh 'Mop' or 'Moppy'.  But the game continued for two months, and the word Mop became Bryce's ongoing protest song against his father.  
He dragged the mop across the floor, banging the long handle against cupboards, until he reached Josh and started pointing and standing on his tip-toes.   
"What do you need, Bryce?"
Reaching hands, reaching and pointing fingers at something on the counter.  Moaning and uttering syllables.  
"This?" asked Josh, holding up a sippy cup.  "Do you need this?"
Something else.  More pointing and crying, more urgency.  A growing wail, bouncing knees.  Josh picked the toddler up, mop and all.  "What do you want that's up here?"  Bryce's eyes searched for something to want.  Josh said, "You don't want anything that's here, unless it's the toaster."  More wailing and reaching.  "You can't have the toaster."  Yes, the toaster.  Josh unplugged it and let the boy hold it for a moment.  Then Bryce tossed it aside, letting it crash to the floor.  Toaster crumbs scattered in all directions  "Darn it, Bryce, what did I say about dropping things?"  Josh set the boy down.  The chubby arms reached up again.  Clients assured Josh he would miss these days, of babies and toddlers.  He did not believe them.  Always needing to be held.  With Bryce on his lap, Josh sat at the kitchen table and attempted to read the sports section of the newspaper.  But the child's fingers snatched the page and tore a story in half, while simultaneously pushing the other newspaper sections off the table, until Josh gave up and walked the boy over by the TV, plopping him on the floor in front of the electric babysitter.  
Josh needed nine or ten hours of work to feel whole.  The boy needed more than Josh had to give.  He favored Dawn and could not help it.  Silently, he hoped the phone would ring with an urgent appointment, even with the slowest widow in Immaculate.  Just to have some numbers, some business, some reasoning, rather than having to pick up diapers, quell tantrums, blow noses, separate fights, search for wet wipes, fight with the boy over socks, and be called 'Mop'. 
 In the living room, a clatter sounded, making Josh jump from his seat.  When he entered the room, he saw Bryce sitting next to a mini-blind that had crashed to the floor.  
"Bryce did it," said Dawn.  "Bryce wrecked it."
The boy had taken hold of the cord and yanked the blinds from the screws in the wall, screws now bent at an angle.  Another thing to fix.      
"That's it!" said Josh, scooping up the boy.  "You're going to your crib.  I think you need a nap." 
Up the stairs, Josh carried Bryce in one arm, holding him loosely.  At the top of the stairs he walked along an open railing that ran along the staircase.  The boy lunged backwards and Josh shifted his weight to catch him.  Lunging backwards had become a habit of the boy.  Wanting to be held, then lunging to get away, sometimes even putting his feet against Josh's chest to push off with more force.  "Enough, Bryce.  Stop it."  The crying started again.  Echoing Kathy's worry, Josh said, "Bryce, you'll go over the railing one of these days if you don't stop that."  In the nursery room he placed the angry child into the crib and walked away, giving one last glance to witness Bryce jerking the crib slats like a prisoner.    Shutting the door, Josh sighed and shook his head.  Easier to run a bank and deal with the hundred problems of adults than manage three children and their unpredictable ways.  

At 10:00, Josh could pace no more.  He phoned his mother, June Werther, not for conversation, but to ask if she could come over to babysit.  Shortly after the call, he heard the sound of footsteps in the house and assumed his mother had arrived.  He shouted down the stairs, "That was fast!"
"What was fast?" said Kathy, surprising Josh.  Her voice wavered when she said, "Do I hear the TV?"  Kathy started up the steps, becoming more assertive in her speech.  "You know I can tell when it's on."
Josh set his newspaper down on the table and walked quickly to the living room to kill the TV.  He whispered, "Quick, girls, read a book or something.  Look alive, Mom's home."
In the kitchen, Kathy walked toward the sink to take a drink of water, collecting herself.  From the living room, Josh said nonchalantly, "You're early."
"Yes.  I had to get out of there.  Somehow every person in town knows about last night."  She shook her head and clenched her fists.  "I don't know how, I can't even imagine how they already know.  It's like Paul Revere rode through main street after the football game."
"That's Immaculate," said Josh, entering the kitchen.  "I didn't tell anyone."
"Someone did," said Kathy. 
"You know people," he said.  "Vultures have more discretion."
"How are the girls?" said Kathy, blowing her nose, shaking and lacking her usual composure. 
"Fine," said Josh.  "Reading books in the living room.  Bryce is taking a nap."
Kathy said, "I hear him crying.  How long has he been crying?"  
"Just started," said Josh.  
She walked into the living room.  Two studious faces peered up from their books, saying, "Hello, Mommy!"  
The charade failed when Kathy walked to the TV and put her hand on the side and on the tube, feeling for heat like on a feverish child's forehead.  The TV was warm – almost hot.  Without a word, she left the room, returning to the kitchen where Josh leaned over his sports section. 
She whispered, "I asked you not to let them watch cartoons."
"They watched two cartoons," he said. 
"I am trying to make a point," she said, glaring at him, "and I could use your help.  Otherwise it makes my orders seem optional."
Josh lifted his palms off the page.  "Relax."
"I won't relax," she said.  "They ignored what I said about going into the field."  She stopped and winced.  "You know, Josh, why can't you back me up?  Are you trying to undermine me?"
He put his head down on his chest and then lifted it again.  "I'm not undermining you, dear.  I'm simply tired of reading the potty book to Bryce and would like to have some time for myself after the work week to sit and read the paper."
"That's not the point.  Find something else to do with them.  The only thing I asked, the only thing, was to withhold TV today.  And what a sorry excuse for punishment that is, but you even caved on that."
Josh said, "I think you need a nap."
"What's this?" Kathy said, looking out the window into the yard.  "Who's here?"  She pulled the curtain over the sink.  "Is that your mother?"
Josh said, "Looks like it."
"What is she doing here?" said Kathy, watching June Werther closely, inspecting the well put-together outfit her mother-in-law wore that day for her lunch with the other empty-nesters in town.   
Josh did not respond.  
"You called her, didn't you?"  She bit her lip.  After seeing Father Dimer and feeling settled, the chaos of the day swooped back into her chest, a new anxiety plus contempt for June's undying benevolence.  She had a heart of gold, and as daughter-in-law, Kathy interpreted this willingness to step in as territorially motivated, and struggled to accept June's aid as pure and simple assistance.  Kathy said to Josh, "You couldn't even watch them for five hours?  Honestly, Josh?  God Almighty, I am not letting your mother come here to save the day because I can't raise my own kids without risking certain death from Ray Marak's combine.  I can hear it already, from now until Christmas.  In my ear, buzzing.  Buzzing, Josh.  Like she does, the fly that she is."
"She doesn't buzz.  You do."
"What would you know?"
"Not much.  But I am beginning to think you may need to good shaking to calm down," said Josh, smirking.  
"What's that?" said Kathy.  "You want to beat me?  Is that it?"
"Sorry," said Josh, sniffing quietly and moving away from his wife.  "I wouldn't give you the satisfaction.  Leave my mother out of this.  Being angry with me is one thing, but insulting my mother…"
A knock on the door sounded.  Kathy said, "Let me get that."
Josh waited until she turned and shook his head with contempt, reciprocating his wife's scowl.  
Kathy walked down the stairs to greet her mother-in-law at the door, turning off her frown and growing ripe with charm when she turned the doorknob.
"June, so good to see you," said Kathy, leaning in for a hug and a kiss, the requisite greeting from June, who showed affection for everyone.  "What brings you here?"
"Just here for an hour of babysitting.  Josh called and said he needed a short break."  She put her keys into her purse.  "Aren't you working today?"  
"I was," said Kathy, smiling under a solid façade honeyed by years of customer-facing mornings at the auto-bank.  "My shift ended early.  And I'm taking the girls to the Marak farm."  A lie.  She had no stomach that day for June's kindness, and especially not her compassion.  She imagined her mother-in-law teeming with advice.  "It's just the beginning of the girls' penance for what happened last night."
"For what?" said June.
"For knocking down Ray's corn.  For not listening to me."  She paused and let her shoulders fall.  "Please, June, don't pretend you haven't heard.  I know you've heard.  Everyone has heard, don't act as if you haven't heard."
"I did," said June, abashed, "but I didn't want to say anything."
"Another time, June, I'll explain what happened, I promise.  Thanks for stopping by, but I have plans for the kids."  

Josh listened carefully and made his way down the steps to intercept his rejected mother.  Before Kathy could send June away, Josh guided his mother out the door where they could talk privately, and more importantly, where he could escape the steam rising inside the house.  When he passed Kathy, he gave her a wide berth.  
In the yard, Josh chatted with his mother, even after she put on her seat belt and started the car.  All subjects suddenly came to his mind – he asked about family birthdays, deaths, weddings, about her health, his father's arthritis and bursitis, listened thoughtfully, keeping the conversation alive until Kathy backed her car out of the garage. He saw the children in the backseat, now on their way to the Marak farm.  Then Josh said goodbye to his mother and waved with a smile.
A window of time suddenly opened for Josh to play.  A few hours, to resurrect the missed chance of the previous night with Shannon Hoffman.  In the living room, he found the cordless phone under a pillow and dialed her number, only to hang up the phone as soon as he heard a ring on the other end.  Then he set the phone on the couch and watched Ray Marak's combine make a turn in the field.

At the Hoffman house, Jack wore his filthy boots on the linoleum.  Boots took too long to unlace for Jack to bother when he needed to run in the house for something.  Hygiene did not interrupt his morning, as the hair on his neck and face lengthened until it became a hazard around machines.  Now and then he would drive into town to the barber and reveal that he was only twenty-nine years old, almost handsome.  Like most men in Immaculate, he tended toward one or two of the deadly sins and one or two of the seven virtues.  Well-liked, even loved, welcomed by all for his good company and gentle smile.  Hygiene aside, he kept a clean farm – except the kitchen floor, which his wife Shannon swept several times a day to remove the dirt and manure, performing this task between readying three meals, with preparation orders from Jack outlawing fruits and vegetables, as his palate only required two staples: meat and potatoes.  And the occasional egg or two.
Shannon was sweeping the kitchen floor when the short half-ring sounded from the phone and she blushed.  The phone rang for a split second and stopped.  At the table, Jack started and stopped when the second ring never came.  
"I'm gonna call the phone company and make a complaint."  He sat down, dirty from the morning's work, leaning over the AgriNews and listening to the drone of commodity prices on the AM radio.  "God damn prank calls been going on all summer."  From the corner of his mouth he spoke, emitting a hard nasal voice that could raise the roof when required.  Jack was a man who could say no to his wife or anyone else. 
"Probably just kids."  Shannon continued sweeping, showing no interest or concern about the phone call.  Ten minutes later, after tossing the dust out the door and putting away dishes, she invented a reason to leave the house.  Jack nodded, granting leave, requesting that she drop off a check in town at an electrician's office.  
For Shannon, the rendezvous required two escapes from the farmhouse.  One to place a note.  The other to meet Josh.  Behind a post office mailbox in town, in a nook of bent steel, her note needed to be dropped within two hours of Josh's initial call – or the tryst would not happen.  Likewise, Josh needed to wait the full two hours to check for the note, in case she could not escape the house.  And whatever time and place Shannon wrote on the note, Josh needed to be there – or go hungry.  They used abbreviations and the 24-hour clock to mark time.  A meeting at the Old Mill at 11:30 PM became OM2330 in their simple adulterous code.  


Josh showered, shaved, drove to town to kill some time at the bank, hardly able to hide his anticipation, but adhering to the rules he waited until noon before he walked from the bank to the U.S. Postal Service box – the dropbox, as he and Shannon coined it.  When he reached behind the mailbox, a slip of paper met his fingers.  It read: OHNOW.  The Opera House, the abandoned Opera House.  And the time suited him just fine.  Like an addict, an invisible grip seized his shoulders, a tingle darted up and down his forearms and spine.  What he needed neared.  The antidote for desire awaited, a torturous ecstasy, worth every moment.  
Down the sidewalk he nearly skipped, jumping into his car and speeding off toward the run-down Opera House, parking and rushing inside without pause to inspect the road for cars.  The musty smell of the old building added to the intrigue as Shannon so often found a new hiding place.  Between two old pillars, one cracked and leaning precariously, he passed through the foyer into the main auditorium, with neither career nor family holding him back.  On the stage he saw a hand, a slender  arm, motioning to him.  Her fingers extended from behind the torn red curtain on the stage of an Opera House that had never flourished in a town that eschewed the arts.  Drawn to this teasing forearm, Josh removed his watch and placed it inside his pocket.  Over creaking floorboards, past fallen t-shaped posts that once lined the main entrance, he walked with swagger.  The moment before contact like a dream, mooting his concerns.  It was bliss.  He might have stayed forever in the Keatsian approach.  To be frozen forever in anticipation of the forbidden beckoning arm, freed of all earthly expectations, vows, and responsibilities, to be in a strange place, and most of all, to be rampant with the teenage feeling he once had with Renee Masterson – this was Josh's heaven. 
And in his haste to reach heaven, Josh entered the abandoned Opera House unaware of another car that had followed his Cadillac since he entered town.  On the other side of the Opera House, a car engine idled.  A woman exited the vehicle, holding a 35 millimeter camera in hand.  Judd Blanks' girlfriend, Jana, slinked toward the back door of the building, to the stage entrance, to photograph the stars of the defunct stage.  
Chapter 12.  

At the door of the Marak farmhouse, Kathy collected herself, trying to forget about work and her scene at the grocery store.  Father Dimer's consolation faded after she interacted with Josh.  But she felt obligated to pay Renee a visit, for two reasons.   
"Come in, Kathy, please.  Come out of the rain."  Renee held open the screen door.  "Rhea, I'm so glad to see you."  
The girls entered the house with their heads down, pulling off their raincoats and setting them aside.  
"They've come to do some chores for you," said Kathy. 
"I see," said Renee, nodding and following Kathy's parental cues.  
"And they have something that they would like to say to you and Ray."
Renee said, "He's not here.  I can relay it to Ray if they want to tell me."
Kathy said, "Dawn?"
"I'm sorry for knocking down your corn, Mrs. Marak."
Rhea said, "I'm sorry for playing in the field."
"Rhea, what else."
"I hope Mr. Marak is not hurt.  I didn't mean for him to get hurt."
"He's just fine," said Renee.  "He's too hard-headed to know that his foot hurts.  And he knows you were just playing in the field."
"What about his leg?" asked Kathy.  
"A sprain.  And some skin.  He's using a cane today."
Kathy asked, "Do you have any chores that the girls can do for you?"
"I'm sure we can find something," said Renee, trying to read her cousin's face.  "I have a whole pile of apples that need to be peeled.  Can you girls peel apples?"  She looked at Kathy, whose face turned sour at the idea of them working with a knife.  Renee said, "I had Jacob peeling them when he was Rhea's age."
"Is there anything less pointy that they can do for you?  After last night, I just have a fear…"
"How about we fill the Halloween treat bags instead?  Follow me," said Renee, showing the kids to a closet where she had two large baskets of candy and a stack of small paper sacks.  Kathy and Renee lugged them into the kitchen.  "I'll do the first one with you," said Renee.  
Kathy and Renee showed Dawn and Rhea how much to put in each bag.  The toddler, Bryce, wandered off into the living room.  Kathy nudged Renee and said, "I need to speak to you."
"Certainly," said Renee.  "Dawn, you're in charge.  Rhea, just keep doing what you're doing.  I won't mind if you make a couple of big bags for yourselves to take home."
The women walked into the living room where Bryce had found a stack of magazines and tore out several pages.  Kathy reached out to stop him, but Renee said, "Don't worry about it, those are old.  Never get to reading them anyway."
"I am losing my mind," Kathy said.
"Sit down then."  
"And I'm very upset about something, Renee.  Who did you talk to about what happened last night?"
"Tell?" Renee repeated.  "I didn't tell anyone."
"Come on, Renee, I know you told someone."
"Why?  How do you know?" asked Renee.  
"Because the whole town knows about it already."
Renee thought for a moment.  "I told Ethan.  I called him around one o'clock in the morning, I suppose.  But he didn't get here until a few hours ago."
"Who else?"
"That's it."
"How can that be the only person you told?  Estelle already knew this morning?"
"After I collected Ray last night, we came straight home.  I put him in the tub and listened to him complain until he fell asleep around midnight.  Then we woke again and chatted until morning – neither of us could sleep.  At four-thirty this morning, I had to get up and milk the cows.  So unless Ethan or Ray told the town, I don't know.  I don't know, Kathy."
Kathy seethed and tapped her foot on the carpet.  "Only three people knew about it.  Ray.  You.  And me.  And I thought at the very least, we three could keep a secret."
"Unless Ethan called his friends," said Renee, touching her chest, "I didn't tell anyone else.  And you know Ray.  He thinks gossips deserve a special place in hell.  He doesn't talk to anyone, other than the cows and the Lord."  Renee paused.  "Who did you tell last night?"
"No one," said Kathy.  "Why would I tell anyone?  It's the embarrassment of my life."
"You didn't call anyone?  Or did a neighbor see it?"
"The neighbor couldn't have known.  I mean, I only called Josh at the bar and told him to come home."
"At the bar?"
"Yes." 
"You told Josh," said Renee, "and he was at the bar."
"Yes, of course I told him."  
"At the bar."
She paused as Renee's implication dawned on her.  "He wouldn't have said anything."
"It only takes one person," said Renee, "especially at the bar.  News spreads like a grease fire in there."
Kathy put her hands on her cheeks.  "He was with his friends.  God, it was him.  My own husband."  She pinched the bridge of her nose.  "Jesus, I hate this place.  I hate it here."
Renee patted her back.  "Now, now.  I know my house is smaller than yours."
Kathy was not consoled.  "I mean this town."
"This cloud will go away," said Renee.  "You just have to endure a few days of being the center of attention."
"Or months."
"Or months."
"I don't know how I ended up so pathetic," said Kathy, ignoring Renee's attempt to protest.  "I remember when I was young and wanted to do things, to live and see new places.  To do everything and be exciting, to never be dull.  And instead I live the most ordinary of lives."
"Nothing pathetic about your life, it's just fine."  Renee said, "It wasn't a very specific plan, this exciting life you imagined, was it?"
"Not exactly."
"Maybe that was the problem.  Don't think you are the only one who had different expectations.  I would bet you could stop any person on the road and if they would give you a straight answer, they would say that what happened, and what they thought would happen, doesn't match."
"But it was my life," said Kathy.  "It was me.  I was supposed to be different."
"Do you know the saying, 'life is what happens when you're busy making other plans'?  That's what happened."  
"You mean kids happened."
"Yes.  Kids, of course.  But you are a lot like me."
"I'm like you?"  Kathy said. 
"Don't invent an excuse to be unhappy, Kathy.  I gave up on fantasies.  And if you really wanted the adventure you sought, you could have left the bank before you had kids.  You could have moved even after you had kids.  Heck, you could move today.  Didn't Josh always want to move to Chicago and work at one of the big banks?"
"I don't know what he wants anymore.  I don't even know him."
"There you go again," said Renee.  "You don't know what you want because you keep looking."
"You sound like my mother."
"Bryce, no," shouted Dawn from the kitchen.  "Mom, he's throwing the candy on the floor!"
Renee said, "Why don't I watch the kids for a while.  You can rest.  I can make them dinner, even supper if you like.  There's always something to do out here.  They can rake leaves.  Or Ethan can show them the calves."
"Bryce!"
"I'm coming," shouted Kathy, getting up from her seat.  She said to Renee, "Josh and I will be having a word this afternoon."
"I don't blame you," said Renee.  "He tattled.  That should have stayed within the walls of your house.  Show him your claws."
"Oh, I will."

Chapter 13.  

Hank Murphy lifted a garbage can and dumped it into the back of the truck.  His partner, Tommy Blanks, never showed up that morning, so Hank dragged his ten-year-old stepson Roy along to help with the garbage route.  
"Like that smell?" asked Hank.
"It's awful."  Roy covered his nose. 
"You learn to love it.  There's something clean about garbage."
Roy, whose face always seemed on the verge of sneezing, kept a gloved hand over his nose while he dragged another aluminum can toward the rear of the truck.
"Oh, it's not that bad, Roy," said Hank, rubbing his beard, grown for deer hunting season.  "And it's chilly out today.  You should smell it in August.  You should see it then, too.  All kinds of squirmies inside.  Makes you skip lunch.  Smells don't bother me no more.  Garbage is nothing after you've worked on the rendering truck, picking up roadkill.  I've handled more dead animals than a pet shop owner.  Now, garbage – it's the smell of all smells combined, and to me, since we bought this truck, that's the smell of money.  It opens the pores in the nose.  Smell of all smells.  All smells put together into one cocktail."  He spoke toward the house, "A penny for your stink, sir!"
Together they lifted the can, dumping out a pile of clothes into the truck, clothes that the homeowner no longer needed.  
Roy put his hand on the lever to crush the pile.  "All clear?"
"Just hold your horses," said Hank, pulling out a Minnesota Gophers t-shirt from the pile of clothes.  "Only one little hole in this shirt."  Then he felt charitable.  "You want it, Roy?"
"No, I don't want it, Hank."
He tossed the t-shirt at Roy, who stepped aside and let it fall to the pavement.  "And what's this here?" said Hank, rummaging in the trash pile.  "Lookee what we have here."  He pulled out a package.  "Snickers bars, Roy.  Unopened, too.  Who throws out Snickers bars?  They don't get old.  Halloween came a little early this year for Hank.  You want one, Roy?"
"No.  God, you're gross.  Can I pull the lever now?"
Not listening, Hank inspected the wrapper of one of the bars and put one in his flannel shirt pocket.    
"I'm pulling the lever."
"Did you say 'all clear'?  Gotta say it," said Hank.  "I don't want to lose a leg like that guy from Sharpsboro did a few years ago.  Or was it a wing?"
"I said 'all clear' already."
"But I didn't give the all clear back to you."  Hank unwrapped  a Snickers bar and took a bite.  
"That's disgusting."
"You mean delicious?" asked Hank, chewing and talking.  "When I first started doing garbage routes, I had your notions.  Then one day Tommy couldn't stop himself from eating a Kit Kat he found.  Found a whole bag of Kit Kats.  Couldn't believe he ate 'em.  A few hours passed and he hadn't died yet and they were sitting on the dashboard.  Looked so good sitting there, I had to try one.  People throw out perfectly good food all the time.  If the wrapper's intact, ain't no big deal."
"But it's garbage."
"People throw things out for lots of reasons.  Maybe old man Dyerson's on a diet," Hank said, referring to the home owner, "and he's getting rid of his sweets.  Maybe his old lady said the kids can't have candy as a punishment.  Both of them could stand a few years without nougat."  He took another bite.  "Know what I mean?"
"All clear?"
"Keep your pants on.  Here, look at this.  Threw out a sign, too.  Usually this place just has regular trash, but today…today."  Using his forearm, Hank rubbed the dust off the sign and revealed the photo known as Enstrom's Grace, a common wall hanging in Immaculate.  "Picture of an old man praying before he eats.  That, or he has a migraine."  After viewing it again, Hank said, "I'll give it to Grandma, she'd probably like it.  Put a new frame on it, be like new.  I got my Christmas shopping nearly done this year, thanks to the garbage route."  He tucked it under his arm and motioned to Roy the 'all clear' signal.  
As the garbage disappeared under the truck's mandible, Roy shook his head.  They walked to the doors and climbed into the truck cab to move on to the next house.  On the dashboard, Hank propped the second Snickers bar in a position to entice Roy.  "Maybe I'll take that candy bar home to your Mom.  Think she'd like that?"
"No," said Roy.  "Because I'll tell her it was in the garbage."
"That's where she found me," said Hank.  "Like I said, lots of usable things in the garbage if you dust 'em off.  Put your seat belt on."  
Hank sniffed the t-shirt again as he started driving the truck to the next block.  "They washed this shirt before they threw it out.  People throw out washed clothes with one little hole."  He smelled it again.  "Could use another wash, just to be safe.  On second thought, smells a bit like my clothes, like it was worn one too many times.  Or a hundred too many.  You know when the arms smell even if you douse it in detergent?  Of course you don't know that smell yet, you're a kid.  I will tell you this, Roy, people find it strange when they see me wearing clothes that they threw in the trash.  It's awkward.  Not for me, but for them.  They give me a strange look, like I know a secret about them.  Like their clothes was reincarnated or something."
"Why d'ya think Tommy ain't here today?"
"Who knows.  I don't like him spending so much time with his motorcycle gang.  Thinks he's Harley-Davidson himself now.  Feel like he's cheating on me.  I'd fire him if he didn't own half of what I own.  And he's the one who thought garbage would be a good idea.  I said dump trucks and backhoes, but no, he said, garbage is year-round.  Not sure why that sounded like a good idea.  Now I spend all year in a truck.  I hope Tommy has a good excuse.  But he's dumb.  So probably not."
Roy said, "That's what he says about you."
"He's got a lot of growing up to do, that Tommy Blanks.  He's the little dope who never grew up.  Missing work.  Heck, I haven't missed a day of work in years.  If I see him on the street here outside his house, I'll run him over.  Better have a good excuse.  Let's pick up the pace, Roy, then we can go hunting, see if we can't get you a deer."  
Chapter 14.  

Tommy had an excuse.  He needed medical attention.
One door was always open in a small office on main street in Immaculate.  The light switched on every night at dusk and glowed yellow in the windows until midnight or later, depending on how many patients approached the door quietly in the dark.  They came from the rural routes, the trailer courts, and the boondocks, all those who could not pay.  The doctor saw them all, however many there were on a given night.  Weekday or weekend, he accepted no money from his night patients, no gifts from those without dollars, although many offered generously in barter.  Even at Christmas, when the grateful returned with tokens of appreciation, he scolded them while tasting their cookies and holding their babies.  The man seemed a scholar-saint to those that came, doing what he could to treat them with the modest means available to him in his three rooms.  He saw insured patients during the daylight hours and the uninsured at night, all the while practicing out of compliance with certain laws and risking malpractice to continue his silent charity.  Few above the poverty line even knew of his moonlighting.  A handful of doctors in Tonnamowoc and surrounding towns, physicians who condoned his quiet practice, directed needy patients to and accepted referrals from Dr. Kent Parker.  
A serious man, but gentle – he smiled for the children and spoke solemnly to the adults, being as honest as needed for a given case, and given the hopelessness of some cases, he lied as required to lift their spirits to face the final months, days, and hours.  Many needed more than he could give, needed more than medicine could give.  They needed years to be rewound and performed with different circumstances and better decisions.  Looking inside many of the backwoods patients' mouths, he often remarked that he should have studied dentistry instead.
Those who visited him thought he must be a holy man, particularly because of the small book of Psalms he kept in each patient room – but the doctor did not attend any church services.  A lapsed Catholic, he still did not consider himself faithless when the question was put to him.  No one knew him well, even though he spoke to everyone.  As he spent his time and invested his profits on the poor of Immaculate, his reputation of doing good works grew among his quiet visitors, and they passed along to one another what he sometimes uttered in passing, saying: "Mine is the thirty-eighth Psalm."  And those who bothered to page through their Bibles to find the Psalm could not fathom what the doctor meant by it, with its mourning lyrics weighted with burden.  He did not elaborate, letting the Psalm speak a monologue to wonderers.  Something had drowned his pride and made his humility forever buoyant.  
That Saturday morning he had a customer, Tommy Blanks, who entered with his hand wrapped in a bloody t-shirt.  A woman in a halter-top and leather jacket accompanied Tommy at the door.  The doctor leaned back in his seat and closed a ragged book.  It was the doctor's habit to read each morning for leisure, and only works written prior to the year 1600. 
"Tommy Blanks," said Dr. Parker.  "I see you haven't learned yet that fighting is best left to younger men."
"Wasn't a fight," said Tommy, getting up to enter the doctor's examination room.  "I dumped my hog."  Blanks looked at Judy.  
"Your hog?" said the Doctor.  "Are you raising pigs now?"
"My motorcycle.  Doctor, this here is my girlfriend, Judy.  She's no hog."
"Judy, hello.  We haven't met."  The doctor did not smile, not once.  "Nice that he doesn't call you a hog, isn't it?  Such a gentleman.  Judy, were you on the motorcycle with Tommy?"
"No," said Tommy, his eyes wandering.  
"I see," he said.  "OK, Tommy.  Let's see the hand."  
When Tommy unwrapped his hand, he winced as the sticky cloth pulled away from the cut skin.  He showed the doctor both sides to disclose that something had pierced his hand all the way through the palm.
"If you hadn't told me about the hog," said Dr. Parker, "I might have thought this was a case of stigmata."  
"Is that an infection?"
"No," said the Doctor, leading his patient to a sink where he could start sterilizing the wound.  "Tommy, get ready for a sting.  Do not look at your hand.  A long time ago, there was a man..."
"Ow!"
"…a terrific worker and manager of men, well-tuned to his accounts and responsibilities, always on-time, full of life and eager to be industrious.  A railroad man, respected by both his superiors and his subordinates, by all accounts.  From farming stock, robust and ready, a rock of a man.  Nothing really flashy or glamorous about him, simply stable and reliable."  
"Jesus, Parker, take it easy."
"One day he had an accident, where an explosion shot an iron rod through his chin and clear out the top of his head.  A thirteen pound, three-foot-long iron tamping rod, rammed through his head, bottom to top."  
"Are you making this up?"
"What made him remarkable is that he survived this accident and could still speak and hear and eat and, do most everything that he could do before."
"Cool."
"Yes…cool," said the doctor.  "Except for one thing.  This fellow was not the same after the accident, not at all.  In fact, he became unreliable, took up gambling and chasing girls, drinking and brawling, all sorts of bad behavior, including frequent use of the most foul language."
Tommy said, "Why'd he do that?"
"Because he had lost part of his brain in the accident," said Dr. Parker, pulling a stitch tight in Tommy's palm.  "Part of his brain had been removed by the metal rod.  The severe damage to his brain, it turns out, caused a disruption in that part of the brain that governs the emotions of a man.  As a result of this miraculous survival and his psychological changes, he became a celebrated science project.  His name was Phineas Gage and he helped the science of the brain advance more than he could have ever imagined."
Judy said, "You haven't had any metal rods rocket through your skull, have you Tommy?"
"That was my next question," said the Doctor.
"Not that I know of," Tommy said, considering it while watching a stitch cinch in his hand.  
"I have often wondered if something similar didn't happen to you as a young man," said the doctor.
"No," Tommy said.  "Nothing like that.  Took out a windshield with my face once."
"Yes, I remember," said the doctor.  He nodded at Judy.  "We may be onto something.  But I remember you as a boy, and you had this same affliction before the windshield improved your complexion.  If I recall, you once bit my arm so hard that I nearly cried.  I still have the scar – look here.  Do you remember that?"
"I've already said I'm sorry for that.  Why do you have to bring that up every time I'm here?"
"I've seen road-rash, Mr. Blanks, from motorcycle accidents."  The doctor grabbed Tommy's chin and inspected the eye.  "And it's terribly difficult to fib an injury like this.  This did not come from falling off a motorcycle.  This cut, this is from something sharp.  I'd bet my dog on it, and he is dear to me."
"I don't bet.  I quit gambling," said Tommy.
"Sure you did.  Judy," said the doctor, "be advised that you don't need to tell me anything, but did you stab Tommy?"
"No."
Tommy said, "She's tried."
"I find no fault in that, Judy," said Dr. Parker, winking at Judy.  "But if Judy is not a suspect in this incident, Tommy, did you stab yourself?"
"No."
"Outstanding.  Roll up your sleeve, you need a tetanus shot.  Tommy, let me ask you something," said the doctor, filling a syringe.  "Do you think that joining a motorcycle gang in your forties was a good decision?"
"That's how I met Judy," Tommy said, winking at her.  "So yes."
"We met at The Wreck," Judy said, referring to the gentleman's club thirty miles away.  "One year ago last week."
"A year ago?  Happy belated anniversary," said the doctor.  "Let me be the first," he said, sticking a needle into Tommy, "to congratulate you.  What's that old saying?  Love makes time pass; and time makes love pass.  Isn't that lovely?" said the doctor, raising his eyebrows.
"That's beautiful," said Judy.  
"I think I saw that on a tattoo once," said Tommy. 
"Tommy," said Dr. Parker, throwing the needle away, "for almost ten years I have been impressed by your business.  Not so much the line of work or the type of business, but mostly by the fact that your sign is still hanging.  Each year it fills me with wonder."
"Thanks doc," said Tommy.  "That means a lot to me.  I'll tell Hank, he'll appreciate that.  I know we still owe you for that help you gave us starting out.  You can be a real dick, but you learned me that a real dick can be decent." 
"I also wonder," said Dr. Parker, "in the day's action at your business, do you ever pause to consider who will run the business after you and Hank?"
Tommy said, "Where would we go?"
"At some point, you will – I assume – retire.  I hope this isn't the first time you've heard of such a thing.  And even you, Mr. Blanks, will someday expire, although you seem immortal at this point.  But who will take over what you have built?"
 "Hank would."
"But he's your partner.  Don't you want to pass on this business, or your earnings, to children someday?"
"What about you, doc, you don't have any kids.  Who's going to take care of me when you're gone?  Who's going to sit in this office? "
Dr. Parker stopped talking.  
"I don't see any kids running around here, Doc.  And you are much older than me.  I check the paper each week for your obituary.  But you ain't got any kids, or do you?"
Dr. Parker changed the subject.  "You will need to go to the hospital to see a specialist, Mr. Blanks.  You may have cut a nerve in that hand."
"It wasn't my fault," said Tommy.  "The cut, I mean."
"Not your fault?  Weren't you driving the motorcycle?  No hog?"
"He was dancing," said Judy, admitting the truth.  
"Judy!" 
"Dancing with a mixed drink in his hand."
"Ah, a tango I suppose," said Dr. Parker.
"Spilling it all over the place, he was.  I think the ice cubes got underfoot and that's how he got ass-over-teakettle."  
"Spectacular," said the Doctor.  "But what sliced his hand?"
Judy stood and re-enacted his fall in slow-motion.  "He came down with the drink in his hand, but the glass broke and he had all his weight on it."
"Broken glass.  Wonderful!  Go see the specialist, Tommy."
"I'll try," said Tommy. 
"I have another appointment here in a few minutes."

Dr. Parker closed and locked the door with the deadbolt.  Turning the wand of the blinds, cutting his office from the light of day, that he might return in solitude to his Boethius.  He watched a large Jack-O-lantern disappear as the slats closed.  A bird flew past the window and the doctor thought of the Greeks and their signs.  A curious morning, Tommy was his third visitor already, on the eve of All Saints.  He could sense the tide of the town’s pulse, and feel the blood running crazy. 

Chapter 15.  

"Quick.  Run through the trees over there," said Jacob to Tara, pointing at the windbreak of pine trees that lined the north and west sides of the farm.  "I'll pick you up with the tractor on the other side.  It's our best shot at getting you out of here."
"What?" said Tara.  "That's your plan, to drive a tractor into town?"
"You can sit on the fender."
"That's a terrible plan."
"It's that or stay in the truck 'til kingdom come."
"I'm not staying here."  She scrambled to get out of the truck and started to run in the rain, toward the trees.  On the tractor, Jacob opened the throttle and the smokestack piped black.  Down the driveway he rolled, peeking at the house for signs of his mother.  When he neared the end of the driveway, he saw a blonde head behind a pine tree, slipping from one tree to the next.  Jacob turned onto the gravel road and slowed down.  He waved at Tara, but she did not come running.  Instead, she pointed at the gravel road, jabbing her finger at something.  
A combine approached, its red cab cresting over the hill and then crawling down the slope. Ray had returned home from the fields.  Jacob continued driving, thinking he could simply pass his father on the road with a wave and gather Tara afterward.  All would be well.  But Ray veered the combine into the path of the tractor so that Jacob could not pass.  Both vehicles stopped in the middle of the road, nose to nose.  Jacob put up his hands and pointed at an imaginary watch, intending to tell his father that he needed to hurry.  
Ray did not move in the cab of the combine and finally Jacob stepped down from the tractor and climbed the ladder of the combine.  
Jacob opened the door and said, "All done picking?  I was just coming out to the field."
"For what?" said Ray.
"To go get the wagons."
"Don't need to go get 'em now.  They'll be dry under the tarps."
Jacob said, "I'll bring them home.  No sense leaving them over there."
"What would you know about sense?" said Ray.  "You sure as shit ain't got any."
"Gee Dad," he said, "thanks."
"Out boozing all night when you got playoffs yet to play."
"Boozing?  I wasn't…"
"I'd knock you off the ladder for lying if I wasn't so nice.  But I got some work for you.  Wipe off that 'what' look, or I'll turn you in right now to the athletic director and you won't play next week."
Jacob put his head down.  "I wasn't drinkin'."
"Lie to me again, I'll drop you from the will.  Because guess what?  This afternoon I'm meeting with the lawyer on just that subject."
"Lawyer?" said Jacob.  "Ah Dad, we were just out after the game having fun."
"Carousing."
"Yeah, I guess," said Jacob, not sure what the word meant.  "Didn't you ever go out...carousing?"
"Never," said Ray, raising his index finger toward Jacob's tractor.  "Not once.  Now turn that tractor around and I'll show you to the wood pile."
"The wood pile?"
"Move."
Cursing amid the tractor noise, Jacob climbed back onto the wet seat and shifted into reverse.  He made a three-point turn in the road, shaking his head at Tara in the trees, whose hair flattened under the large drops of rain from branches overhead.  When Jacob turned into the yard he saw her running and he drove toward her and stopped the tractor abruptly.  He ran to her, behind a tree and shouted.  "There's a phone in the milkhouse, Tara.  Call someone, I can't help you."  He departed, leaving her more confused than before.  She could not protest or ask a question.  He was gone, rushing back to the tractor and continuing onward and into the shed.   
The combine came to a halt near the grain bins and Ray descended the ladder, hobbling across the gravel with a cane and a scowl.  Jacob leaned against the tractor tire, biding his time, offering no assistance to his limping father.  When Ray reached the shed, he said, "Go get the axe."
A wall of tools hung aligned with perfection from Ray's military sense of alignment.  Judd, Jacob, Renee, and all who touched the tools carefully returned tools to their pegs, since a misplaced crescent wrench could trigger paint-curling wrath and a day of silent meals.  The axe head sat on two nails and Jacob lifted it off, setting it in his hands.  A light and easy swing, he thought, that's all it would take.  He approached Ray holding the axe in his hands and before he could set it down, Ray yanked it from Jacob's hands and strapped it with his cane to the rack on the rear of the ATV.  Ray wiped his hand across the seat of the 4-wheeler to clear off water that had dripped through a hole in the tin roof.  The 4-wheeler engine squealed alive and Jacob wondered why he hadn't thought of it before.  Tara could have taken the 4-wheeler to town.  Or Ethan's car.  Or Judd's.  So many options, all slipping away.  No mercy behind the sneer of Ray.  "Get on," he said.  
Ray drove the 4-wheeler to the pasture, to a thicket of trees on the edge of the property line where the family hewed its firewood.  Jacob observed that Ray did not bother to get the chainsaw or the gas-powered hydraulic splitter that usually did the labor.  The only tool this time, an axe.
Holding onto his father's sides felt terribly awkward.  A juvenile feeling, riding with his Dad.  The bumps of the pasture jostled enough that Jacob had to link his hands around his father's waist, fastening himself to the solid torso.  Mud flying up from the rear tires peppered Jacob's back and head as the knobby wheels threw up wet earth and manure.  
The thicket neared.  Ray slowed the ATV to a reasonable speed, enough that Jacob could separate his hands.  The number of trees in the bunch became fewer each year, as each spring Ray felled one or two trees and in the autumn axed one or two into firewood with the boys.  "All of those stumps," said Ray, braking and stopping the 4-wheeler.  
"What about the stumps?" said Jacob.  
"I want them turned into kindling."
"What?  Dad," Jacob said, incredulously.  "We couldn't even split those with the machine last year."
"Get off the 4-wheeler and get chopping," said Ray.  "Piss and moan about it to the squirrels when I'm gone."
"Can I at least get some gloves?"
"I'll come get you before dark."
"Dark?  Ever heard of pneumonia?"
"Don't dawdle.  You'll be out here tonight, too, if those don't get 'em chopped by the time I'm back."
The 4-wheeler turned and Jacob raised his middle finger at Ray's back and kicked a branch that lay by his foot.  
Rain began to fall harder and Ray smiled at feeling the drops strike the bill of his hat.  If only he had thought of this punishment years ago.  The only penalty that Jacob seemed to understand  and heed was the loss of time and the company of people.  At the top of the hill in the pasture, he glanced back and witnessed the boy raise the axe overhead and take a swing.  "Sticky isn't it?" said Ray, chuckling as he watched Jacob struggle to remove the axe-head from the stump.  One day the boy would take a swing at him.  Perhaps today.  The desire to take a roundhouse gestated In a son's eyes, in the squints of the sidelong glances and the curl of the lip.  It was coming.  The boy needed to be humbled to be kept on track.  Otherwise he would never be prepared for the hardness of the world.  No verbal reprimand or lost privilege could explain to the brashness of Jacob's youth what cruel days awaited the careless and workless man.  The world had taken the joy out of Ray and he was better for it.  So would Jacob benefit.  The boy had lived in too fat a time, not knowing what a drought was like, or what a year of blight on the crop meant.  Jacob did not know about years when cattle had to graze the ditches, or when wind blew down the plants in August.  He had not gone to school with one pair of pants for three years, patched like a quilt.  He didn't know about weeks without electricity and what it was like to share the water from the tank that the cattle drank from.  The boy had not experienced a winter when the pipes burst or a summer when the barn burned up from the hot hay.  Everything too easy.  The era itself.  The cows always full, bins teeming with corn, supper table covered in food, dessert with every meal.  Prosperity.  It was prosperity in the Garden that first invited the snake.  The world no longer hard enough.  And for Ray, this softening caused all children to suffer for not suffering.  If manna fell from heaven each morning, Jacob would have been disappointed that it only came in one flavor.  

The wood neither bent nor broke under the fall of the axe.  After some twenty swings, Jacob began to let his eyes wander the pasture for some greater tool, something from the earth, some naturally occurring saw to use on the stumps.  He swung the axe again, watching the blade sink a centimeter into the top and stop cold.  Several more swings brought the same non-result.  He tried to strike the same spot, but his entry point did not budge.  If he had a wedge and a sledge, he could set the wedge and pound it, split the stump, but the puny axe bore no weight in its stroke.  Thirty swings more, wild swings, and he felt the skin on the inside of his thumb start to soften.  Already a blister, reddening and filling with fluid.  No gloves.  The chafe of a solid wood handle.  He marveled at how a blister always formed in the same spot on his hand.  The bottom part of his blue jeans had frayed.  He ripped the hem off.  It was enough cloth to wrap around the thumb, enough that he could keep swinging.  
The axe head lifted and fell as he wondered about Tara.  The cloth around his thumb slipped and he felt the blister pop, but he kept going, more irritated with each useless swing.  Rawness in the thumb.  Wouldn't it be nice if Tara came out here.  How wonderful to have her outside.  What a nice thing to try.  Maybe not in the rain.  The cows congregated.  
"What do you want, cow?"  
The herd of cows ambled to the thicket to inspect their visitor.  At least he could talk to them – he had always enjoyed this vacuous audience.  Jacob leaped upon a stump and shouted, "Gather, fat things!"  A herd of eyes focused on him.  "Be still, you corpulent ones.  I learned that word for my last vocabulary test.  You are both bovine and corpulent.  Go forth and seek some chopped wood, that I might replace these stumps with…"  
That was it.  He stopped speaking and jumped down to the ground.  Chopped wood on the farm - he could haul  it to the thicket.  The stack of wood near the house would do nicely.  But if Jacob walked up the pasture to get it, Ray would surely crap a green worm.  Plus, it would take forever to haul back and forth.  
Jacob looked across the fence, behind the thicket, at the Bill Frye farm.  Bad blood over there.  Ray and Bill Frye – long since gone sour.  They had had enough run-ins that they did not even wave at each other, drove past like ships in the night.  Even Joke hardly waved any more after the gun-brandishing day – that day long ago when Ray shot a deer in the Marak pasture and it bounded across the fence, wounded, and came to rest behind one of Frye's machine sheds.  Rather than chase the deer, Ray and Jacob drove the truck over to talk to Bill about retrieving the animal.  When they arrived, Bill Frye had already claimed the buck as his own, standing guard over it while holding a .22 rifle, letting it dangle by his hip pocket.  Jacob remembered his father saying, "Wouldya look at this, Jake.  Bill must think he can scare a man with a pea-shooter.  Get in the truck bed and lay low.  Chamber a round.  If he shoots me, I'll come back for the shotgun."  
"What if he shoots you in the head?" 
"Then you shoot him.  Jesus, if he shoots me in the head, how am I going to walk over here?  I'll be doing the dead man's flop."
"Right, Dad, sounds good.  I got your back."  
Jacob got out of the truck and climbed into the bed, excited with the possibility of bullets flying.  Joke reluctantly loaded the deer into the back of his pickup, under orders from his father.  Ray walked toward Bill, unflinching.  Bill raised the barrel of the rifle, and Ray walked in a smooth pace, range-walk, as Ray called it, one of his military terms that no one understood in the family but him.  Walked right up to the gun.  The barrel touched point-blank against Ray's chest.  Ray waited a second, offering Bill the opportunity to fire, and then he reacted in a jerk and ripped the gun away from Bill's hands and proceeded to beat the weapon against a tree until lock, stock, and barrel separated and fell to the ground.  Both Bill and Joke backed away, allowing Ray to claim his deer.  After dragging the buck out of Bill's truck bed, Ray took his time gutting it right in front of the Frye's, unzipping the chest of the buck and delving his hands into the body.  The entrails remained on the Frye's driveway.  All this happened without another word.  
Jacob and Ray rode home together in silence.  Together they strung the deer up in the shed.  Ray gave Jacob his first beer, and then they laughed for hours, imitating the expressions on Bill Frye's face.  
Some neighbor disputes start small and grow, some fester, but the Frye-Marak squabble was an open sore.  The sixth Commandment and a mutual fear of hell kept them from calling for an old-fashioned duel to settle things.  The nature of their disagreements transcended the men themselves, with worldviews and farming styles speaking for the men.  The tidy Marak farm was buttressed against Frye's junkyard.  On one property, a sober workman embraced his labor, owed nothing by this world, expected suffering and taxes, and spent his nights addled by anxiety over cattle and crop.  On the other property was a profligate drinker unwashed and covered in grease, claiming to be owed by all, under a sense of being taken, scraping by each year collecting scrap iron and running pyramid schemes, laying in the shade after he scored a paycheck.  They each had an idea of America, and it was two different countries.  The only thing in common might have been that they each yearned for a reinstatement from the Lord of the old eye-for-an-eye doctrine.
Knowing this history, Jacob risked his life to cross the line into the Frye's pasture.  One leg first, a hop, and then the other leg, being careful not to catch his crotch on the barb-wire.  Trespassing.  The grass had not changed, the trees were the same – but he was outside of the Marak line now and he felt it in his veins.  He had done this many times at parties, crossing fences and scaring cattle, but this was always on distant properties, and at night.  
A draw in the land led toward the Frye house, following a dogleg on the rolling valley floor.  Jacob could not see the house.  He followed the fence line on top of the east side of the hill that led into a sizable woods.  Cow skulls and thigh bones littered the land on that side of the fence.  He was no farmer, Bill Frye, even Jacob could see that.  As Ray had mentioned plenty of times, Bill Frye could fuck up a wet dream.  Worst of all, Jacob had done just that, twice, when he dreamed of one of his teachers, the new Social Studies teacher, fresh out of college.  Weeds around the fence touched the wires and the posts, tall plants, still tall even after the first frost squeezed the life out.  Never trimmed, the thistles grew wild all summer.  No wonder another neighbor sued Frye for stray voltage, blaming it for killing the cattle and reducing the milk output.  This other farmer had lost the case for lack of evidence, but was spot-on in that the Frye fence had more connections to the ground than posts.  Every bull thistle a conductor.  Jacob marveled at the mess.  An outdoor museum of oxidation.  Along the ground in the pasture, chunks of metal, old machinery, rims, chains, rolls of wire, scrap iron, broken chopper boxes – all of it rusted out from sitting in the elements for years.  Looked as if Bill filled his manure spreader with junk and flung it around.  He saw a pile of wood.
"You beautiful slob," said Jacob, observing the rotten stack of wood propped between two trees.  He ran over and filled his arms.  He carried it back toward the property line, giggling the whole way.  He leaped the fence again, crotchwise, and dumped the armload of wood around the stump where he had left the axe embedded.  After working the axe out of the wood, he tossed it aside and picked up the stump, bending under the weight and he hauled it to the fence line and heaved it on the other side, onto Frye's property.  He hopped the fence again and rolled the stump until it gathered momentum and tumbled down the hill, far from the thicket, coming to a stop in the draw, where Ray would never find it when he returned to check on Jacob's progress.  
On his way to the pile for another armload, he heard the sound of an engine in the pasture.  He squatted behind an old discarded pile of tin to hide.  A tractor with a bucket loader wheeled about and the loping gait of cattle followed.  The bucket of the tractor lifted up and the driver positioned it over a bunk feeder.  The bucket tipped and a load of feed tumbled out.  Cattle dove their heads and mouths into the feeder without waiting for the tractor to reverse and remove from the feeder.  Jacob saw the driver's face.
"Joke!" he yelled, standing up and waving his arms.  "Thank God, it's Joke, not Bill."  He ran into the draw, gravity pulling his legs down the hill almost faster than he could keep up.  Waving his arms, he caught the eye of Joachim Frye, who did not wave back, but started to drive the tractor toward Jacob.  When they neared each other, Jacob noticed a Busch Light beer can in Joke's hand.  An ungroomed beard and shaggy neckline surrounded Joke's pocked face.  In his late twenties, he looked forty. 
"Drinking and driving?  You old dog, Joke, how the heck are you?"
Joke laughed when the boy stepped up onto the tire.  "What're you doing over here," he said.  
"You're not sore at me, are you, Joke?  I know Bill and Ray got their thing."
"I ain't sore at no one."  
"Me neither.  Let the old men argue with each other."
"I got nothing against you and Ethan."
"That's what I say," said Jacob, "my thoughts exactly.  The old generation, they got some problem with being happy.  Joy-impaired bastards."
"That's right," said Joke, smiling.  "What's going on?  You're too old to run away from home again, at least on foot."
Jacob sighed.  "No, not running.  But I'd like to.  The old man has me chopping dirt-packed stumps with a hatchet as a punishment for drinking beer.  I see you have a beer there."
"Work beer," said Joke.  "Want a drink?"
"No, I shouldn't," said Jacob.  The cows threw the silage into the air with their mouths, letting it land on their backs.  Jacob recanted.  "Unless you got a fresh one.  I don't want to drink backwash."
"Sure," said Joke, pulling a beer from a toolbox sitting by his feet.  "Nothing like a warm beer on a rainy day."
"Thanks, Joke," said Jacob, opening the can and taking a swig.  "Say, you know that old rotten woodpile over in those trees?"
"No," said Joke.  
"You ain't gonna burn that wood, are you?  I mean, it's falling apart."
"I don't know.  Doubt it.  Hop on the hitch, show me where it is."
Jacob jumped down from the tire and walked to the back of the tractor.  He stood on the hitch and pointed to the trees.  The tractor climbed the hill.
"Heck no," said Joke, "nobody's burning that wood since we got a proper furnace, what, ten years now."
"I've been out in the rain all day, since five o'clock this morning, chopping on those stumps.  I think I'm coming down with a fever.  My hands are ruined, take a look here," said Jacob, quickly showing Joke his single blister and then removing his hand.  "I mean, those stumps can't be split, unless Paul Bunyan stands up out of the earth.  But, I was thinking, it would be a good trick on Ray if I could move this wood over there.  It's no good, this wood, except for saving my ass.  What do you say to that?"
"If I help you," said Joke, "can I tell my old man?  He'd get a kick out of it."
"Up to you."
"He'd get a good laugh."
"Make him laugh then, Joke.  Help me load the bucket, will ya?  Then we can dump a payload on the other side of the fence over there."
The two of them finished their beers and started throwing wood into the bucket until it piled high in the loader bucket.  "Not too much," said Jacob, throwing out some of the wood.  "Otherwise Ray won't believe his eyes."  Joke drove the tractor to the fence and dumped the wood onto the other side where Jacob could retrieve it easily.  
"There you go," said Joke.  "That should make your Dad happy.  Good enough?"
"Good enough for the girls I go out with," said Jacob, smiling, but then biting his thumb.  "There's one other thing."
"What's that?"
"If all these stumps are still here, Ray will know I just grabbed the wood from somewhere else."  Joke nodded but said nothing.  Jacob clarified his aim to help Joke understand.  "Shoot, I wouldn't suppose you could...no, I hate to ask.  You already did me a favor."
"Naw, go ahead.  What?"
"Never mind, Joke, you helped me out too much already." 
"No, go ahead.  What it is?"
"Forget it.  I'd be taking a mile.  You know, the old saying, give an inch…"
"Well," Joke said, "now I want to know."
"Joke, darn it, I couldn't ask you to help me lift all these stumps into the bucket and dump them over on your side.  That would be too much.  You've done enough."
Joke turned off the tractor.  "Is that all?"  
"All?  These things are heavy.  No need for you to get all dirty lifting these wet things into the bucket and taking them out of sight, just for me."
"What are friends for?" said Joke, hopping the fence.  
Jacob wobbled his head and said, "Boy, I really owe you one, Joke.  You old shirt-off-a-man's-back, teach-a-man-to-fish, son-of-a-bitch, you."  He paused and grabbed Joke's shoulder.  "You know, I guess there are some folks that really are going to make it into heaven."
"Sure hope so.  Grab that end," said Joke, reaching for the first stump.  
Jacob smiled.  "On my count, lift.  One, two, three!"
Chapter 16. 

The last steer backed out of the chute.  Spattered blood dotted the white shirt Ethan wore, a shirt he had put on before knowing his agenda included dehorning.  Judd Blanks and Ethan made short work, not dithering in conversation after their argument.  Other topics offered no relief.  A radio program that Judd listened to made a lot of sense to him.  Judd began to talk about the Rapture and the end-times, the second coming.  When Ethan started asking questions that Judd did not know the answer to, they returned to square one.  Judd said, "You go off to college and know everything."  
"Actually, it's the opposite," said Ethan.  "But I can call bull when I see and hear it."
"People get a lot of funny ideas in college," said Judd.  "Lose their common sense."  
"I guess some of them take jobs in AM radio," said Ethan.  
Time came to turn the steers outside, back to their gated area and the two worked in silence.  The steers turned into mules.  When a steer wanted to run, it could move like a sprinter.  When it wanted to stand, Gibraltar.  Ethan hissed at the herd.  The steers stood, licking nostrils and chewing cud, enjoying the indoors and avoiding the rain.  Before Ethan could step into the herd, Judd grabbed a pitch-fork and knocked the tines against the hamstring of the nearest steer, causing the animal to kick and start.  
"Judd," shouted Ethan.  "Easy on 'em."
"Yah!  Get out of here!"  He struck another in the head when it turned around and tried to go the wrong way.  "Yah!  Get!"
Ethan pulled the fork from Judd's hands.  "What's your hurry?"
"I got things to do today," said Judd.
"Then go do them," said Ethan.  "I'll chase them out."  
Judd walked away with a snort.  Ethan set the fork against a wall of the barn and started walking the steers out, slipping between them to break up the bottleneck near the front of the cluster.  A few of the bloodier ones he visually inspected to make sure the hot iron had sealed off the blood flow from their heads.  Pausing, he gazed into the dark eye of the cow, a pool of mystery.  The ghost behind the eye, in a steer, in a man.  And if there was no ghost, then still conscious, as conscious as Judd Blanks.  Ghost or no ghost - he feared the latter to be the correct answer and this very question was the ongoing plague of his dormitory thoughts. 
Five minutes and the steers were outside.  Five minutes instead of three minutes – Judd might have bought two minutes by punching and puncturing the cattle with the pitchfork.  A few minutes – the difference between agitated cattle and calm cattle.  Ray preached it.  Even when Ray occasionally twisted a tail or clubbed a cow's head, it was never for fun or out of anger.  
Fifty horns lay on the ground near the cattle chute.  Ethan gathered them up in an empty oil-pail and walked outside to toss them into the harvested cornfield.  When he heaved the contents, he thought he heard a door shut behind him, but when he turned around he only saw Jacob's truck, and it appeared empty.  He shrugged, set the pail back into the shed, and walked up to the house.  The only other car in the yard had been Judd's, but it was already gone.  He was convinced he'd heard a door slam.
Inside the house, he took off his boots and entered the kitchen and saw Ray with his swollen foot, black-and-blue, sitting on the table with a bag of frozen carrots on it.
"Ethan." 
"Defrosting dinner?"
"Brushing up on my biology," Ray said, closing the Chemistry book.  "Didn't understand a word of it."
Ethan sat down next to Ray and observed the black-and-blue foot.  "You really twisted it this time."
"That's why God gives you two legs, in case one breaks," Ray said.  "Those steers bellow much?"
"They did," said Ethan.  "Judd's a sadist."
"What's that?"
"Poking steers with a fork, beating on them."
"He was, was he?"  Ray poked his thumbnail between two of his teeth.  "Poke him with a fork and see if he likes it."
Ethan said, "Did Jacob get those wagons?"
"I put him to better use.  Renee!"  Ray shouted.  
She appeared under the arch that led to the living room.  "Christ alive, I'm right here.  Do you have to yell?"  
Ray said, "You creep around like a mouse."
"Going deaf and getting crippled in the same day.  I'll get you a bell, so you can ring it.  Kathy's sleeping, so be quiet.  I told her to go to sleep.  She's been through a lot, so we're babysitting the Werther kids this afternoon.  Ethan – can you take the girls outside and find something for them to do?  You could put some hay down.  I'm sure they'd like helping with that.  The little one can stay in here and bounce off the walls until he naps."
"Sure," Ethan said, and stood up.  He started to follow his mother, who departed the kitchen to find the girls, but stopped when Ray spoke. 
"I need you and Jacob to come with me this afternoon.  Wasn't expecting you both to be here, but it works out well."
"Sure Dad.  What for?"
"Paperwork," Ray said, shifting the frozen carrots to another spot on his ankle.  "Just some paperwork, so when I kick the bucket, you all know who gets what."
"You mean, who gets the farm?"  Ethan sat down again. 
Ray nodded.  "You'll each get half, and one of you can sell it to the other, or you can be buddies and farm together.  Guess I won't care much by then, but I want it straight so there's no bickering about it."
"You know I'll farm it."
"Don't get excited, I'm not dead yet.  Quiet, now, here comes the mouse."
Renee returned with the Werther girls.  Ethan smiled, delighted at the thought of his inheritance, and his inclusion to the family. 
The girls put their raincoats on and ran outside with Ethan, his mood buoyed by the words from Ray.  The rain continued but had slowed to a drizzle.  
An old teeter-totter of decayed planks dwelled in the yard near the detached garage, long out of use since the boys had outgrown it.  Rhea sat on one side and Dawn pressed the other side downward, lifting Rhea into the air. Having twenty pounds of weight on Rhea, Dawn sat idle on the ground and did not allow Rhea to touch the ground, even as she bounced and kicked her dangling feet.  Pausing to watch, Ethan listened to Rhea protest.  
"Let me down."
"Not until you say the words."
Rhea's shoulders sunk and she capitulated.  "Farmer, farmer, let me down."
Dawn replied, "What will you give me, Charlie Brown?"
"A penny," said Rhea.
"No."
"A dollar."
"Nope.  I want your Kit 'n Kaboodle make-up case."
"No way."
"And your Cabbage Patch doll.  Otherwise you will stay up in the air forever."
"C'mon girls," said Ethan, seeing the fraught expression on Rhea's face, telling of her attachment to the toys.  "Let's get out of the rain."
"What will you give me, Charlie Brown?" Dawn said to Ethan.  
With his foot, he pressed Rhea's side of the plank down to the ground and when Dawn elevated he said, "What will you give me, Charlie Brown?"
"Nothing!  You'll have to keep your foot on there forever."
"Let's go, you'll get a cold standing in this."  He coaxed them to dismount and race him to the barn. 
In the milkhouse, having won the race, Dawn pulled her hood off and gloated until she witnessed a cat slip through a hole near the door that led to the inner barn.  Both girls grew excited and wanted to see the cats but Ethan explained that the cats were feral, not friendly.  "Follow me," he said.  "I know where a friendly cat is."  Through the parlor and into the barn, Ethan led the girls.  He reached into the ceiling and pulled out a fat orange tomcat.  "Here he is, in his usual spot.  This is Fonzy."
Rhea asked, "Can I hold him?"  
"You can do just about anything with this cat," said Ethan, handing the slumped animal over to Rhea.  "He doesn't care if you pet him, or pull on his ears.  He doesn't move when the kittens bat at his tail or bite him."
Dawn said, "He's lazy."  
"He's good at being a cat," Ethan said, stretching the cat's loose neck skin and massaging it.  "He doesn't have anything to do all day but lie around and eat.  Too much free milk made him a bad mouser.  Even when he finds a mouse, he'll just play with it until he gets bored."
"Mommy won't let us get a cat," said Dawn.  "She hates cats."
Rhea said, "She's allergic to cats."
"She hates them.  Did you know in China they eat cats?  I wonder if Mom would eat a cat."
"She would not eat a cat!"
"With salsa.  She likes salsa."
"She probably likes cats," Ethan said, "but if she's allergic, she can't be around them."
Dawn took the cat from Rhea, who tried to keep it, curling the cat in her arms, mothering it in the same manner that she cared for her dolls and for Bryce.  Dawn said, "I saw a dead cat on the side of the road on the way here."  She turned away from Rhea and hunched her shoulders to block her sister from touching Fonzy.  "Got ran over.  Just like Rhea almost got ran over yesterday."
"But she's didn't," said Ethan, "and I'm sure glad for that.  Otherwise, who would help me put the hay down?"  He smiled at Rhea.
Dawn continued, "And Ray almost killed her.  She's your sister, too, you know.  Daddy says Ray already killed a man.  Did you know that?"
The change of subject startled Ethan, as did her understanding of the families.  "I don't know about that, Dawn.  It's not something to talk about, for him or for us."
"We're brother and sister," said Dawn.  "Rhea is your sister, too.  You're her brother.  Bryce is your brother, too."
Rhea said, "We're not brother and sister."
"Sure we are," said Dawn.  She nuzzled the cat's nose with her nose and turned away again when Rhea attempted to touch the cat.  A pair of swallows flew through the barn.  She said, "Did he kill a man?"
"I don't know," said Ethan.  "I really don't know."
"The sixth commandment is thou shalt not kill.  But if he killed a man, then he broke that commandment, and my religion teacher said that's the worst commandment to break."
"It is a bad thing," said Ethan.  "But in a war, it's different."
"Why?"
Ethan did not know the answer.  The question made him feel like he was in philosophy class again.  "It's different," he said.  "I don't think the commandment includes war."
"It says you can't kill.  Daddy says that the only good war was World War II and that the Gulf War was a joke.  Do you think it was a joke?"
"Let's throw down some hay bales," said Ethan, seeking escape from Dawn, uncomfortable instructing children with his opinions.  Not his place to tell a parent's child what to think, when the parent was already hard at work doing just that.  "Fonzy can come with.  Rhea, I'll help you get up the ladder."  
Dawn scrambled to the top of the ladder and released the cat, and started to sing I'll Be There, a Michael Jackson remake, currently a major hit on the local radio stations.  Rhea climbed slowly as Ethan coached her to the top.  In the loft, the stacks of square bales awed the girls for a moment, until they started to climb the staircase of hay toward the top of the barn.  A light in the window shone in the apex with the outline of several pigeons standing guard over nests.  Dawn sat on a bale and waited for the others, kicking her feet back and forth.  The sound of Dawn's voice made Ethan stop climbing to listen, since he could not believe the purity of the notes the little girl produced, almost in awe until she said, "Can I roll one down?" in her rude talking voice.
"Wait until we get to the top," said Ethan, grabbing Rhea and tickling her sides so that she laughed at the same time, sweeping her off her feet and carrying her to the top.  "Ok, now you can roll them.  We need ten bales."
The girls started to pull on the twine string to loosen the bales from the stack, where Judd and Ethan had packed them tight in the summer, tight enough to pass Ray's inspection.  Both Jacob and Ethan had learned the hard way how tight the bales needed to be placed.  Ray once made the boys un-stack and re-stack three hundred bales that didn't meet Ray's standard of stacking excellence.  Rhea struggled to loosen one of the bales from a row, so Ethan yanked it out and helped her roll it down the loft, toward the bale chute, where it dropped into the center of the barn.  By the time Rhea had rolled two bales, Dawn had sent ten tumbling.  On her third bale, Rhea's foot slipped and she shrieked and sat down, refusing to continue, as the fear startled her.  
"Are you all right, Rhea?"
"Yes," she said.  "I just don't want to help.  I think that's ten bales."
"Don't worry, we can roll more than ten down.  My parents will appreciate not having to climb up here all week if we roll thirty or more down.  They don't think it's as fun as we think it is.  Want to roll some more bales down?"
"No," said Rhea.  "I don't want to.  I'll do it wrong."
Ethan said, "Wrong?  You were doing just fine."
"It was wrong.  I was doing it wrong."
Together they sat down on a bale and watched a histrionic Dawn pull and kick and flail about.  Ethan said, "Why do you think you were doing it wrong?"
"Because I can't do anything right.  My hands don't work."
"Your hands?"
"That's what Dawn told me.  That's why I'm going to be a nun."
Ethan stifled a laugh.  "Give me your hand.  Can you shake my hand?"  He extended his hand and squeezed hers.  "There, see.  Your hands work fine.  You can be a business woman, or a politician, or a teacher."  She frowned  and turned her eyes down.  "Or a nun," he said.  "If you like.  A nun would be fine.  In fact, lots of people thought that I was going to be a priest."
"You are?"
"Yes.  No, I mean, I'm not.  I was going to be.  I thought I would be a priest for quite a while."  He sighed and thought about his conversation with Father Dimer during his Confirmation year.  
"You could still be a priest."
"No," said Ethan.  "I think I'm going to be a scientist."  He wondered how children could ask such provoking questions.  
"I'm going to be a nun, because Dawn said that in the old days, the oldest girl would marry the Duke or the Prince and the second girl was usually ugly and ran away to the convent."
"I think Dawn is making things up.  I'll tell you a secret.  The second girl is always the most beautiful.  But don't tell Dawn."
"Really?"  Rhea seemed pleased.  "I won't tell her because she said if a girl is not beautiful she will never get married." 
"Don't listen to Dawn."
"But if I'm a nun, I won't get married at all.  Just like if you become a priest.  Then we will both be good."
"Don't you think you can be good without being a nun?"  
She shrugged.  
"Did someone tell you that you were bad?"  
"No," she said.  "I just know."
"I need to talk to your mother."  He felt frustrated.  "I think little girls are good, especially little girls.  You too.  Why don't we go and spread the hay around so the cows can eat it when we let them in?"  
They climbed down the ladder, the girls skipped over to the bales and started fighting over one bale, despite there being a dozen or more identical bales nearby, they focused on a single one and bickered.  Ethan paid no attention and picked up two other bales, setting them in front of the free stalls, where the cows would lounge before the milking hour.  
The girls argument ended when Ethan pulled the bale out from under Dawn and carried it away.  They both laughed and chased him.  Dawn said, "Want some candy?"
"No thanks," said Ethan.  
"It's my last piece," she said, holding up a PEZ dispenser with a clown's head on top.  "Otherwise I'm going to eat it."
"You eat it," said Ethan.  The girl popped the last candy out of the clown's head and then threw the dispenser on the ground, discarding it.  Rhea ran to pick up the dispenser, brushing it off and blowing the dirt off before putting it into her pocket.  Ethan said, "Don't you re-use them?"
"No," said Dawn.  "I can get another for a quarter."  
The girls took chunks of the hay bales and spread them down the line of the free stalls.  A single cow lingered at the back of the barn where the open air blew through the building.  Subtle moos came from the animal and this drew the girls' attention as they walked to the gate at the rear.  Ethan followed and said, "What are you doing up here, Sharon?"  Ray had increased his production and number of cows to ninety, but they still had names.  
The girls laughed when Dawn tried to pet the cow's face.  The rest of the herd was nowhere in sight.  Dawn's hand brandished the cow just enough that she turned sideways and Ethan noticed that the cow was about to give birth.  Suddenly the quiet moos and the solitude of the cow named Sharon made sense.  Ethan said, "It might be your lucky day girls.  I need your help chasing this cow into that pen in the back."  He pointed to a gated pen, squared off in the far end of the barn.  "Stand back," he said, and opened the metal gate so that the cow could enter the barn.  But she backed up and Ethan grabbed both girls by the hands and pulled them out into the yard.  
"Is there a bull out here?" asked Dawn.  
"No," said Ethan.  "Nothing to worry about.  Just cows."  He pulled them over to one side and left them standing near the electric fence.   "If you can both stay here, I can chase the cow toward you.  When she gets close, just yell and make noise, but hold your ground, and she should run right inside.  Oh, and don't touch the fence, it's hot."
"What if she charges?" asked Dawn, eyeing the electric fence behind her.  "Does she have rabies?"
"She won't charge," said Ethan.  "Not a chance of rabies."  He winked at Rhea and said, "Just put your hand out and make lots of noise. Say, 'Get, cow, get!'"
Seeing Rhea nod, Ethan trotted around the cow, making a wide flanking circle.  He started walking forward and the cow loped to one side.  With a quick movement he corrected the cow's path and she ambled toward the girls.  When the cow neared, Rhea put her hand out and shouted the words that Ethan had told her, almost with confidence.  Ethan closed the noose on the cow and she jumped onto the concrete in the barn.  To keep her there, Ethan quickly closed the gate, pulling it shut so that he could fasten the latch.  
He heard Dawn say, "Rhea, grab my hand."  
"What for?" asked Rhea, still smiling from chasing the cow.
"Just grab it," said Dawn.  
By the time Ethan turned, he was too late.  He dropped the latch and the gate started to swing open again.  The younger sister offered her hand to Dawn, who grabbed it and held on tight.  With her other hand, Dawn touched the electric fence.  Rhea's eyes bulged when the shock struck her.  
Ethan rushed toward them and broke up the link, pulling their hands apart at once.  In disgust he yanked Dawn by the arm away from the fence.  Rhea had already started to cry and he picked her up, carrying her back to the gate so he could shut it before the cow escaped again. 
Words of comfort to Rhea did not settle her.  In her ear he complimented her on standing her ground, said what a good girl she was – but the flicker of confidence in her had been doused.  When Dawn laughed, Ethan became unable to look at the older girl without glaring.  To deal with her he set Rhea on the other side of the gate, out of the way so he could scold Dawn. 
"Dawn, get over here."  He said it sternly, but the girl wandered in circles, avoiding his glare.  Twice more he said it, but she didn't listen, and so he marched over and grabbed her hand.  "Say sorry to Rhea."
"No," said Dawn.  "I don't have to."
"Yes, you do."  
"No, I don't."
How to deal with a child.  Ethan had never dealt with them, not being around kids since he himself was a child.  He said, "You hurt her.  Don't you know what it means to hurt someone?"
The girl did not answer, but turned her eyes toward the gray sky, ignoring his earnestness.  Detached and distant, she raised his ire enough that he set Rhea down and seized Dawn's hand, lifting her and dropping her on the other side of the electric fence.  "Go," he said.
When she did not move, he tried to sound commanding.  "Go to the house."  Behind him, Rhea wrung her hands, still jarred from the pounding of the current undulation that had throbbed in her head and fingers.  Dawn did not move but her eyes came down to earth to meet Ethan's.  "Go to the house," he said, "and tell your mother what you did to your sister."
"No," she said.
"Then you can stand in the rain," said Ethan.
"I've been shocked," said Dawn. "It's not that bad."
"She wasn't expecting it.  It hurts when you are shocked by someone who you trust."
Dawn said, "I didn't think it would hurt her."
"But that's not true, Dawn," said Ethan.  "You thought it would be funny to hurt her.  Go to the house and think on it.  Come on, Rhea."
As he fastened the latch on the gate, he glanced at Dawn standing on the grass outside of the fence.  He pursed his lips at her, wondering if he had been too harsh with Dawn, who was in fact his half-sister.  Now that he had excluded her, he felt pity.  Was it his role to scold her at all?  In any case, her action was unacceptable.  Years ago, Judd had shocked both Jacob and Ethan in this way, grabbing their hands and touching the fence.  But they had laughed about it and spent the afternoon trying to trick each other into another shock.  
Inside the barn, the cow meandered slowly, beset by labor pains.  Ethan walked around the cow and trotted to the back of the barn to open the pen.  He returned and asked Rhea to help him shoo the cow into the pen.  In a procession, the cow led them down the center of the barn, with Ethan walking a few steps ahead of Rhea, she with her hands folded.  The cow did not deviate from its path to the pen, seeming to know its destination, since this would be its second calf.  Head rising and lowering with each step, the distended body of the cow turned into the pen.  Ethan grabbed a bale of straw from a stack near the pen.  He tossed it into the pen and nodded to Rhea to go inside, with the cow.  She hesitated, so he entered first and pulled the strings from the straw bale, which released the sections of the golden straw into a fan-shape.  A chunk of straw in each hand, he shook the bedding onto the floor.  Rhea mimicked Ethan, shaking a small chunk of straw, letting it pile up around her sneakers.  
"I don't think we'll have to wait long," said Ethan.  "She's pretty far along already." 
A second bale of straw and the floor turned golden, well-covered and clean.  Sharon the cow fidgeted in the corner of the pen, uncomfortable.  Strange that Ray hadn't already penned her up, but maybe this birth came earlier than expected.  Some cows don't show early.  A discharge wetted her rump and legs.  Rhea asked questions and Ethan did his best to explain it, knowing more about labor and delivery than most twenty year old boys.  Never had to explain it before, other than in an agriculture class in high school.  Sharon's tongue stretched far out of her mouth and she mooed, long and loud.  Was she in pain, Rhea wondered.  Yes, he imagined, but perhaps not as much as her first time.  They stepped outside of the pen and sat upon the stack of straw, out of sight, but Rhea stood on the bale to watch with intense eyes, like a concerned nurse, asking if they could make a pillow or get her some water or food.  Ethan said no to the pillow and yes to nourishment, but Sharon wanted neither.  The moans became loud and regular.  
For an hour, Rhea and Ethan sat on the straw bales and monitored the cow.  Questions about the cow came in threes.  Did all cows have babies in them?  Would a baby calf have the same spots as Sharon?  How come only girl-cows have calves?  Ethan found some orange sodas and stale pretzels in the milk-house and brought them back to the straw bales.  They snacked and played rock-paper-scissors.  The little girl laughed and talked about show-and-tell in kindergarten and asked Ethan to come with her to class on Monday.  
With wide-eyes Rhea watched.  Her cheeks flushed when the water-bag underwent metamorphosis.  An odd shape appeared behind the translucent bag.  For some minutes the feet did not emerge, but stretched amid the mother's discomforted writhing.  Two clean ankles, one cloven-hoof crossing over the other, slipped out through the dilation.  Ethan explained the sight to Rhea, but she looked confused.  The cow laid down, mouth open and tongue extending with each cry.  The straw around her stuck to the hide.  The legs of the calf moved an inch forward and backward with each push.  Ethan grabbed Rhea's hand and pulled her to the pen, opening the gate and going inside.  "Now we can help her," he said. 
"How?"
Ethan leaned over and pulled gently but firmly on the feet.  Sharon did not protest when he pulled on the feet.  "There, do you see it?"
Rhea nodded, but clearly did not.  Disgust and amazement filled her face.  
"Do you want to pull with me?"
She shook her head.  
"Ok, then watch for a nose."
She nodded and watched when the next pull brought out the entire head of the calf.  A gasp came from Rhea.  Suddenly it was there, a calf, but still she could not understand the configuration of the calf – the legs appeared to be pinned to the ears, the calf must be crumpled like paper inside the mother.  A black head with a white spot on the crown.  The head moved, wet nostrils flared, eyes opened under a smear of gunk.  Another tug and the neck extended further from the widening opening.  Another pull and the entire trunk of the calf slid out at once onto the straw, sticking immediately to the bedding.  Sharon wailed twice.  Again Rhea gasped, her disgust giving way to wonder.  Then the hind legs were out, and the calf was born.  The cow lifted her head from the ground to see what awaited, the instincts driving her past any pain.  Laying in the straw in a half-moon shape, the calf blinked and wobbled its head.  In a few hours it would stand and walk.  
"Would you like to name this one?" said Ethan.  "It's a girl."
"Me?"
He nodded and told her, "Whoever finds the calf gets to name her.  Or him.  But this one needs a girl's name."
"Can we call her Rhea?"
"You want to name her after yourself?"
She did.  
"Do you want to touch her?"
She did.
Seeing her excitement, Ethan dared not tell Rhea that the calf and cow would be separated at milking time that night and not stay together for more than a few hours.  Rhea's face, too sanguine for what came next, too full of awe to be spoiled with reality.  Schoolwork and classes faded from Ethan's concerns.  He did not feel like a bumpkin, but rather grateful, remembering that the farm offered more and he resolved once again that he could never truly leave it, just as the black calf would never leave it.  Each season on the farm was a semester – the subject was life and death, birth and disease, hunger and feeding.  No lesson the same, every lesson similar.  The new calf in the pen, squinting against the light, searching for succor, moist from labor and head swaying under its mother's heavy tongue.  He could see the rest of the herd wandering in the distant pasture, heads down, foddering on the browning grass.  And somewhere in the draw, or down by the pond, in a day or a week, an aging cow's brittle legs would crumple on the cowpaths, the herd leaving her in solitude, the last flies of autumn would circle and stuff the nose and ears, waiting for the spark between the eyes to extinguish.  Eggs would be laid, the lowly would inch from under stones to reign atop the soil for a spell, the earth alive with the perishing, the last being first, their grimy search temporarily sated, and by that time this newborn calf would be kicking and cavorting over these same hills.  

Chapter 17. 

"Things move too slow for me around here," said Jacob to the cows, sitting on the transported pile of chopped wood, drinking a second beer that he had obtained from Joke via flattery.  "I have to get out of here."  The cows stood close together, water beading on their hides, still wet after the rain had stopped.  A wetness in Jacob's sweatshirt made him shiver.  To stay warm he started to swing the ax against one of the standing trees, thinking he could fell it without  much effort, and quickly found the trunk denser than his hubris.  While he swung the axe, he wondered how the pioneers did it, if they had been stronger than him.  No, most certainly not, he decided.  Most certainly weaker, but without an option.  What misery life must have been without pickup trucks and chainsaws.  
His swings continued against the tree.  Lack of sleep, bruises from the football game, cold skin and damp shoes – but still he felt strong.  Strong and confident in his body, having never suffered an illness or injury.  
A small chunk finally fell from the tree trunk.  He swung again, saying to the cattle, "I don't know about you but I have a feeling," swinging once more and then stopping, "that I am going to do something great one day."  He let the axe head fall to the ground and leaned upon the handle.  "Something amazing.  I'm going to set the world on fire.  Do you ever feel like that?"  Deep and blank eyes stared back at him, dazed.  "First thing I'm going to do is join the infantry," he said, and chopped, "but I missed the Gulf war.  Hope there's another war."  He chopped again and then stopped to lean on the axe.  "Then maybe I'll find work in the fishing or shipping business, out east, or in Alaska – ride the oceans and see the world, get drunk on every continent, spend a night with every kind of woman on earth – Chinese, Japanese, French, Brazilian.  I'd like to see some sandy bottoms on beaches, no more sweatered Minnesota girls.  If I stay here I won't see much more than you, cow.  God knows we've walked this pasture one too many times already.  After that I'm going to be a boxer and then…oh shit, here comes Dad."
The faint sound of an whining engine came from a distance, followed by the sight of the 4-wheeler appearing on the downslope of the pasture, coming toward Jacob.  "Here comes psycho-Dad.  I better work up a sweat."
A few stumps remained on the ground and Jacob lifted his axe overhead and pounded the wood wildly, trying to run out of breath so that his father might see his fine work and praise him.  

Ray returned to the deep end of the pasture expecting to see the same stumps unbroken.  But the piles of chopped wood tickled Ray as much as they enraged him, because it meant Jacob had cheated again.  Those nifty stacks allowed for the kind of day that Ray often wished for.  A day of education.  In the absence of hard times, they can be conjured.      
A bird hopped on the wood pile, picking at bugs that turned up from the soggy bottoms.  Scores of grubs had come along for the ride from the neighboring pasture.  The sound of the 4-wheeler approaching scared the bird away.  Next to the pile, Ray set the brake handle and killed the engine.  Without getting off, he inspected the wood as if considering a purchase.
"Boy, you must have really had to hack at those stumps.  That was some thick wood."
Jacob wiped his brow, "Wasn't like choppin' no thistles, that's for sure."
"I bet not.  I tried chopping a few of those.  I couldn't budge a seam to stick a wedge."
"I just kept on one spot," said Jacob, "until she gave – then I put a shim in there and kept chopping."
"What a day's work," said Ray, with a gentleness in his face, a kindness that Jacob did not recognize.  Ray continued in his happy tone.  "Why don't you hop on, kiddo.  We'll go get something to eat.  And you know what?  I think you learned your lesson.  You can have your truck keys.  What's done is done."
"My keys?" he said, beginning to see the muscles tensing in his father's neck.
"Sure, you can go out tonight.  You done a heck of a job here."  Ray stood up from the 4-wheeler and pulled his bad leg over the seat and sat facing Jacob.
"Can I go to town then?" asked Jacob.
"Sure.  Sure.  Hell, I'll spot you a hundred and buy you a case of beer."  
Jacob started to laugh.  "For real?"
"Why not?  Here's let me just take a look at that wood first."
Jacob stepped aside. "Be my guest."  
Ray peered at the wood, picked up a rotten chunk and broke it in half in his hard hands.  "One thing I sure as heck can't help but wonder," said Ray, "if everything under the sun is a God damn joke to you?"  
Using his good foot, Ray tapped his steel-toe boot against the axe that remained stuck in a stump, marking Jacob's final swing.   
"No, it ain't like that," said Jacob, his humor fading.  He could see the mania in his father's smile, now that the curtain of humor was drawn away.  The same odd face that he saw in Ray when the head-gasket blew out on the skidsteer in 1990.  
"If everything's not funny, then why are you laughing, Jacob?"
The question didn't make sense because it didn't need to.  Jacob knew the answer to give.  "Not everything's a joke," said Jacob, "but everything ain't life and death either."  
"The rules just don't apply to you, do they."
Jacob sought a subject, something that could distract his father's emotionless face and allow him to maintain his pride.  The steers.  "Did you check and see if those steers quit bleeding like stuck hogs yet?"
"Fuck the steers."
"No thanks," said Jacob.  "They're your steers.  You can do what you want with them.  I won't say nothin'.  I just won't join you."
Ray stepped off the ATV and moved forward to put his hand on Jacob's sweatshirt collar.  At dinner time, when they sat to eat, Jacob felt as big as his father, but face to face in the open air, with no one else near, a sense of puniness and inadequacy shrunk him.  The width and the lines of his father's serious face made plain who was boss.  A jerk on the collar brought Jacob's head downward.  Ray said, "There are different kinds of cowards I've met and you're the worst kind." 
"Does that mean I'm at the top of the coward chain, or at the bottom?" said Jacob, smiling in defiance, but growing angry at the particular insult.  "Is that the good kind or the bad kind?"
"The kind that quits before the job is done because he's thinking about the meal.  The kind that stops running hard in the fourth quarter because he's got tail and beer on his mind."  Another tug on Jacob's neck.  "Am I getting warm?"  
"I don't know.  Did you piss yourself?"  His gibes faded in boldness after the next yank, which threw Jacob to the ground.  He grew hot in the face and neck. 
"Redass now, aren't you.  Those stumps," said Ray, "can't be split, that's why I brought you out here.  Yet you split 'em.  By God's will then.  Sent a lightning bolt from the sky, did He?"
Jacob got to his feet.  The scowl thickened.  
"This is what you wanted," said Ray, chuckling. "So get mad, tough guy.  Been waiting to take a shot at me for two summers, you think I'm deaf but I got ears in town that heard you talking about the day you'd knock me down.  Today's your day to try.  Let's see you back up your mouth now.  You can run your mouth elsewhere.  But not today, not out here.  Maybe it's a good thing you got a mouth to run, because you got no fight in you.  You never did.  You been crying wolf for eighteen years, think you got the world figured, but I got you figured."  The long scar on Ray's face glistened as specks of rain landed in the valley of the laceration.  
"I'm not playing your game," said Jacob.
"Game?" said Ray.  "Go talk to your mother if you want games."
Jacob jumped to his feet and shook loose of his father, spinning out of grip like a wildcat.
"Tough guy," said Ray, glad to see Jacob finally suffering.  It was important to suffer.  Ray's father taught him the same lesson. 
"The only punishment that works on you," Ray said, "is the truth.  I could tell last night, even listening to the radio, that you stopped trying in the fourth quarter.  And everyone listening said, 'There's a quitter.'  But then somehow, the quitter comes out and splits unsplittable stumps."
"I didn't quit.  Say what you want, old man, because once I leave here," Jacob said, wincing at the accusation, "you won't see me again."
"Oh, sure, I've heard that, Jacob," Ray said, laughing.  Even when Ray smiled, the scar on his face flexed.  "That's why the farm will go to Ethan.  So when you drive out the yard crying come spring, you won't have to look back."
"What?"
"What?" said Ray, echoing.  "What interest do you have in it?"
"He's not even your son," said Jacob, "he's a Werther and you know it."
"You're a Werther," said Ray.  "He's not a liar or a quitter.  He knows how to work and he wants to work, not jerkoff like you.  He only knows how to work, and you – "
"And you're such a hero.  You haven't done shit except for bully me, my whole life!" 
"You've had it so rough.  Make something up, something sad, so you can allow yourself to shirk through life.  You'll find a sad audience of sympathetic women and drunks to listen to you while you cry in your beer."
"I'm going to knock that stupid fucking dead tooth out of your face."
"Now you're talking," Ray said, limping forward on his sprained ankle.  "Come take it from me.  You're eighteen now.  We can have it out legally.  Go for it, kid."  
Jacob stood in a sideways stance as his father neared, readying his fists, mustering the will to strike his father.  To not swing would be worse.  But the flat barge of a chest and the sunbeaten, weathercut face of Ray made him fearful.  The cows watched, grazed as droll spectators, chewing cud like popcorn.  
Old enough to become a man, whether he liked it or not.  A family tradition, of sorts.  Ray had a fight with his father, Virgil, long ago.  He goaded Jacob, "Big talker, let's see what you got."
Jacob adjusted his sweatshirt collar and glared at his father.  Under his shirt, it felt like frogs and snakes had slithered onto his back – a different feeling than the fights he'd been in after school with his peers.  An unnatural sensation livened a wickedness in his heart.  His desire to fight his father drained quickly, but the condescending invitation became too great to resist.  If he could just get the ogre stunned, pop his nose, get his eyes watering, then he could knock out that dead tooth. 
Ray stepped forward.  Jacob's fist lifted to shoulder level.  The speed of his limping father surprised him, for in the instant Jacob moved, Ray loomed near and blocked Jacob's swing with his forearm, and then Jacob felt his thigh cave inward.  
To the wet earth Jacob fell with a charlie-horse in his leg.  A rain of expletives for all manner of races and sexual preference came from Jacob as he rubbed his muscles.  
"I'm glad you tried, Jacob," said Ray.  "It was overdue.  I've caught you with that look one too many times at the dinner table, one too many times you thought you outgrew me.  A time comes to test a boy that thinks he's a man, but you've only outgrown your britches."  
Jacob muttered his disdain.  
"What's that, filthy mouth?" asked Ray.  "Oh, your leg hurts.  Guy from Ohio taught me that in the Army.  Simple move, but you have to be real close to make it work.  He got me good.  But I forgave him, in my own way.  Knee to the thigh works swell if the other guy is full of air, like you are.  A puffed-up fool never thinks to look down, forgets all about his legs.  Most guys are all fight in the arms."
Jacob got to his feet and came back toward his father, punching him in the stomach.  Without as much as a gasp, Ray absorbed the fist and seized Jacob's arms, reeled him in, bear hugged his son and squeezed the air out of the lungs like an accordion.  "Another thing," said Ray, "is that you shouldn't throw yourself at the other fella if he's bigger, otherwise they can grab you like a sack of feed."  Ray hit his forehead against Jacob's nose.  A gentle headbutt, Ray thought.  Hard enough to make the nose run red.  "Also a good way to get your beak broke.  And the guy with the most blood on his shirt is always the loser in the girls' eyes."
"Jesus," said Jacob, stumbling backward, catching drops of blood.
"That's right," said Ray.  "He's the one to help you.  Learn His name.  Save yourself a lot of time finding Him later, if you find Him now instead."
Jacob tripped over his stack of wood and landed on his back.  His eyes watered, blurring his vision.  A blob approached, the shape of Ray coming again and Jacob attempted a double-leg takedown, but was simply shucked aside.  
"Are we done now?" Ray asked, still taunting.  "Done already?  That's about right.  Two tries and you fold like a shirt.  Unless you want to get the axe and try again.  I know how you like to cheat, bend the rules."  A youthfulness in his father's voice made Jacob nervous.  "If you like," said Ray, "it's right there.  Grab it."  He whispered, "Take a swing, like you wanted to earlier."  He said aloud, "Thought I didn't see it then, didn't you?  I know your face, Jacob.  Been seeing that scowl since you were knee-high to a grasshopper."  
With tears in his eyes, Jacob extended his middle finger in reply.  Without changing tone, Ray twisted the finger and muttered in Jacob's ear, returning to his humorless ways.  "Get straight.  Or I will square you away.  As long as you live here you follow rules.  You'll show respect to your mother.  This isn't some hotel where you come and go as you please.  When your mother makes dinner you better be in the seat on time and eat two helpings, swallow it down even when she makes those Lima beans she's so fond of feeding us.  On your graduation day, you can escape from here, but not until then.  Understand?"
No answer.
"I'll break this finger right now and you can forget football…understand?"
"Yes!"
"Next summer you can find what the real world has for you.  A liar like you might end up a rich man.  And you'll come back here and act like you know something that we don't know here – but we'll know, I'll know.  I'll know that you never saw anything through and cut corners to get wherever you end up."  Ray said it again, to make it echo, so that it would always echo in Jacob's decisions, so that quitting and running would shame him.  
"Bullshit," said Jacob.
"Then you better show me you can be honest, starting right now until I kick the bucket.  From now on, when I say be home by midnight, I mean ten o'clock.  Now get up."  Ray laughed again.  "By God, if you didn't take that swing at me, I really might have left you out of the will!"  A large hand fell on Jacob's shoulder, heavy as one hundred and sixty acres and a hundred head of cattle.  
"You better not leave me out of it."  
"You want to farm?  Good.  In a few years you can come back and kick my ass, maybe when I'm crippled.  Let's go eat lunch.  Nothing to be ashamed of.  My Dad mopped me up in the kitchen more than once.  Wipe your face.  Christ – are you crying?"
"Didn't hurt.  It's my nose," said Jacob, clearing his eyes and following his father to the 4-wheeler, getting on behind Ray.  The bumps and mudpies in the pasture forced him to wrap his hands around his father's waist again to hang on.  He stared at the table-sized back in front of him.  This time, Jacob leaned his forehead onto his father and held tightly, sapped of energy.  He bowed his head toward his father to rest his head, in defeat.  
An instinct in Jacob reviled the loss.  He wiped his eyes on his father and thought clearly for a moment.  Losing irritated him.  And all things were games.  This, too, a game.  Part of a longer game.  The great game - with games within games.  He would not be broken by a gimp dead-toothed old-man.  Jacob picked his head up from his father's back and shouted loudly. 
"Stop," he shouted over the motor.  "I dropped my wallet."
"Huh?" said Ray, braking.  
When the ATV halted, Jacob, with his arms still around his father's waist, grabbed his other wrist and lifted, hammer-throwing his father over the side, off the 4-wheeler.  
The giant tumbled on the pasture ground.  
Jacob leapt off the seat and pinned his knee against his father's chest.  He punched the dead tooth with his fist, once, hard enough that the skin broke on Jacob's knuckle and made the nerves in his hand rollback into his arm with pain.  He raised his other arm to swing and ensure that the ridiculous tooth lost its root, but the leg of his father rose up and swept Jacob to the side, to the ground again, into a cow pie.  No frogs or snakes creeping on his back this time, Jacob flailed until he found his feet.  How had he forgot that it was all a game, even for a second?  Jacob escaped a swipe of Ray's arm and ran at Ray again, acting like he wanted to strike the dead tooth.  When Ray's guard came up, Jacob jabbed him in the ribs and then danced around and punched his father in the back of the head, then stepped on his bad ankle and made Ray grunt in pain.  
"You like that?" said Jacob, taunting Ray, from a distance.
Using his fingers, Ray wiggled the bicuspid in his mouth.  He pulled on it and lifted his lips into a snarl, wincing and pulling.  "Still tight, my dead tooth.  You didn't even budge it."
"I can fix that for you," said Jacob, approaching and retreating, "I can beat your face until the shit in your head runs out of your ears."  He neared and barely escaped another swipe from the large hand of Ray.  The strings of Jacob's sweatshirt, loose and swinging, a hazard.  In a swift move, Jacob pulled his sweatshirt off, along with his t-shirt.  To be shirtless in a fight seemed appropriate, since as a boy he once saw Judd Blanks remove his shirt and scrap at the summer dance in Immaculate.  Jacob idolized Judd after that night.  
The tongue came alive in Jacob.  Going back and forth, around his father, he danced and connived for a chance to take him down again.  A lifetime of unsaids, with most of his insults relating to shit.  That his old man wasn't shit, that he had never done shit, and would never do shit. 
The bounce in Jacob made Ray laugh.  
"Laugh it up, laugh," said Jacob.  
"Much better," said Ray.  
Jacob kept stalking but had to ask.  "What is?"
Ray didn't say anything and started to get on the 4-wheeler again, his face full of pride. 
Jacob stopped dancing when he saw that his father had abandoned the fight.  Something had changed.  Jacob stopped storming.  He rubbed his nose and Ray rubbed his tooth.  
"I'm hungry," said Ray.  
Jacob nodded and looked at his shirt on the ground, in the mud.  
"Are you hungry?" Ray asked.
"Yeah."
"Let's go in.  I'm proud of you.  Now put your shirt on, you'll get pneumonia.  Good job, son."
Chapter 18.  

At the drug store, Judd's girlfriend Jana spun a pinwheel with her finger near the one-hour photo counter. She watched the employee, a teenager, operating the printing machine.   
"Don't be lookin' at my pictures now," Jana said to the teenager, a porcelain-faced girl wearing a blue and white pinstriped uniform.  
The girl said, "We're supposed to screen them."
"Screen them?  What's that mean?"
"It's store policy.  We remove inappropriate photos."
"Inappropriate.  Well, nothing inappropriate in my photos."
The machine began to push out the first picture, a grainy matte photo, the first on the roll, where the poor lighting in the Opera House failed to capture the actors, Josh and Shannon, embracing on the stage.  
"Not screening these pictures, you ain't."
"I have to."
Jana stepped up to the counter.  "Then you stop that machine right now.  These are my pictures and I'm not having anyone pick through them like a basket of oranges."
The girl nervously backed away from the machine.  The second picture printed and dropped onto the tray.  Keeping her stare upon the girl, Jana leaned and put her hands on the counter, getting as near the machine as she could without jumping the barrier. 
The employee said, "I'll have to talk to my manager."
"Wait," said Jana.  "Aren't you a Riley?  I was friends with your cousin Karen in high school.  You look like her a bit."  The girl nodded.  "Listen," said Jana.  "I'll give you an extra ten dollars if you just let the pictures be.  You could go relax in the break room.  It's personal.  Personal reasons."
The girl said, "I don't know."
"Twenty.  Honey, it's personal photos.  Something I'm doing for a friend.  He's a private person."  From her purse, Jana produced a crinkled twenty-dollar bill and flattened Andrew Jackson on the counter.  
"I can't take that," said the girl.  
"Oh, please, sweetheart.  I know it's your job and I don't want to do you wrong by it."
"I just won't look at the pictures, if that's all right.  But I can't take a bribe."
"Oh, it's not a bribe, but that would be fine," said Jana, eyeing the tray as another picture dropped from the printer, the resolution improving with each picture.  "It would be just fine if you walked away for a bit and came back and put them photos in the sleeve and handed them to me like this was deli meat and not pictures."
The girl moved away and exited the swinging door.  Still holding the pinwheel, Jana spun it with her finger.  In her mind, she and Judd already owned the Boskie farm, which was for sale.  Jane could see herself sitting on the open porch that faced the road, could see her garden to the east, her future children on the rope swing under the oak tree.  On both sides of the barn, she imagined lush crops: soybeans, corn, alfalfa.  Clean cattle bedded down in fresh straw.  Chickens too, free-range in the yard.  
This scene had been planted in Jana's dreams by Judd, when he whispered his plans to Jana before sleep, weaving gold from yarn.  
Another picture fell out and she greedily leaned forward to see the flesh tones in the photo.  Another picture, open mouths, a neck exposed, the guilty hand of the purse-keeper caught in the hair of mistress Hoffman.  Judd would have two tractors and a bucket loader.  A freezer in the garage full of steaks.  Judd and Jana would have the full plenty of the Boskie acres.  All the things she never had growing up, she would have with Judd on their farm.  All the things the Boskie's had today, the meticulous Boskie couple, who never had children of their own – Jana and Judd would inherit their careful stewardship of the land.  
  
In her apartment on main street, above the Catholic youth center, Jana spread out the photos on her small kitchen table and relived the experience of taking the pictures.  She impatiently waited for Judd to arrive, so that she could announce Josh's fall and what it meant for their future.  She called the Marak farm asking for her boyfriend but Renee said he already left.  Shortly after she hung up the phone, Judd opened the door, entering with a downcast brow.  Jana rushed to jump on him, straddling him with her legs and nearly toppling him into the shoe rack.  
"I have something for you," she said. 
"Not in the mood."
"Oh yes you are," she said, rubbing his hair.  "Why don't you go to the table and see what I mean."
"All right then.  I will, if you'll get off me."
Without hurrying, he unlaced his boots and set them on the rug, not sharing Jana's enthusiasm until he put his palms on the table and scrutinized the images.  Beside him Jana bit her lip and tried not to scream her delight.  
Judd said, "Did you put the negatives in a safe place?"
"I'll do it right now, baby.  I'll put them in the cookie jar."
"No, don't foul our kitchen with this man," said Judd.  "Give them to me.  I'll keep them in my car."  His hands carefully stacked the photos and put them into the sleeve again.  "I'll leave a few here, in case Josh reacts and starts tearing them up."
"I did good, didn't I?"
"Yes you did," said Judd, putting the photo sleeve into the center pocket of his hooded sweatshirt.  "I'll treat you right for it, too, right after I go find Mr. Werther and discuss the new terms of our banking matters.  Things go right today, we'll be sleeping in Boskie's  house by next month."
"We'll have a new bedroom set."
"Keep your pants on, Jana," he said, tugging her belt toward him.  "Don't talk of furniture until the realtor pulls that sign and Boskie drives off to Arizona."
"Judd, do you think…"
"Quiet," he said, "I need to think for a bit."  He considered what the pictures meant, what they could do for him.  These images could reset his chances in life and make living tolerable.  He did not want to be an employee, he wanted to be an owner.  Going to the Marak farm each morning to help made him want his own place all the more. Milking Ray's hundred-head, raking and sowing the hundreds of acres, eating at Renee's table each day at lunch with her plentiful whole milk and butter and homemade desserts, the seeming largesse of the Marak farm gradually increased the want of Judd Blanks.  He dreamed of having his own well-run household, thinking of how easy the Marak's made it look.  Calves being born, grain bins plump, another helping of garden mashed potatoes and sweet corn - this Judd wanted for his own.  Passing the age of thirty, Judd became regretfully aware of squandered years and time spent escaping opportunity.  The chances had slipped away before he knew the value of what had disappeared.  As a younger man, he had walked away when the threat of added responsibility loomed, trading potential futures for a weekend of fun on the lake or the sandbar, for a fishing or hunting trip, for a rock concert in another state, and mostly he ran to the bottle when faced with the difficulty of mature risk.  He had been living for the day, believing in the shortness of life, only to find out carpe diem was a false idol.  Recently, he became sick with understanding of the rock wall he faced.  In August, he spent an afternoon babysitting his nephews. Watching TV with the kids, a children's show held up a mirror to him.  The kids repeatedly watched a recorded VHS tape of an old Muppet Show.  His five year old nephew leaned on his elbows, feet in the air behind him, engrossed by the short moral tales of public television, while Judd dozed, prone on the couch, only getting up every half hour to rewind the tape.  The Muppets performed the fable of The Grasshopper and The Ant.  He ignored the show during the first viewing, but by the third time he rewound it, he noticed the ant working, stocking for winter.  The grasshopper was at play, all summer long, eating and playing, not preparing, and later when the weather changed the grasshopper begged to borrow from the ant, and was ultimately left out in the cold to face a cruel end.  
When the show ended the fourth time, the nephews ran off to play in another room, but Judd remained on the couch, pondering the fable, a children's story, with a growing disquiet, as it articulated the core insight he needed, but with a terrible, insulting simplicity.  
This cartoonish lesson came after Judd had spent the previous year investigating his opportunities, seeking an exit from his current seasonal loop, from farming to plowing snow.  He queried his friends for employment, starting with the insurance business.  He knew insurance men.  They were no wiser than he was. He could sell insurance.  But he could not type, he had no office skills.  No formal education to speak of.  Much of his youth he spent alone, since his parents lounged and lazed, not directing Judd at all.  Thus he found company among other kids who had the same freedom to wander the town, without curfew, riding his bikes under the moon and learning unsavories much earlier than other boys and girls.  When he bought his first car, on a whim he drove to Missouri and never returned to class, and no one much cared.  But becoming older and filling out job applications, the checkbox for "High School Graduate" pained him to pass his pen over.  Plus his criminal record, offenses that he laughed at when they happened, finding rebellion of various formats a kind of freedom, turned into chains.  Two drunk driving tickets, an assault charge, twice he laid thirty days in jail – these events were imprinted on the Immaculate conscience through the publication of his offenses in the county newspaper.  Bounded by decisions of his youth, friends in the insurance business shook their head.  "Not now," they said, "maybe next year."  
Later, Judd sought to become a real estate agent.  He could learn the business, but the local established realtors showed no interest in taking him on as their understudy – they had kids of their own, and better friends with the same interests.  George Yaren, the leading realtor, even told Judd that he lacked people skills – "too combative," he said.  George Yaren, of all people, when half the town held a grudge against him after his fifty years of negotiating on property.  
For several months afterward he became enamored with a career in law enforcement.  He sent for information on how to become a deputy, or a dispatcher, or a jailer.  To have a state or federal job, this meant security – a pension in twenty years, and more than just a Social Security check to live on in old age.  His application to the county for a dispatcher job came back to him in the mail, with an attached note saying he had filled out the form incorrectly.  The rejection demoralized him enough that he abandoned a fantasy of becoming an officer, throwing out the mailings he had requested from the school where men became police.  Worse still, the Navy recruiter rejected him for his age, and doubly for his lack of education and crimes – not even the armed forces needed him.  
The closest he came to finding indoor work came in tractor sales and service, for an Allis-Chalmers dealer, but before he started the job the business folded, leaving him, once again, out in the cold – out in the fields, on roofs, climbing silos, spreading manure, digging trench, driving snowplow – back to the same odd jobs.  In the spring, he was back eating Renee's breakfasts and dinners.  He had a breadth of skill – he could build houses, plant and harvest, plumb and wire bathrooms and basements.  But without depth in any specific skill, with no training, with no certification, he had nothing that the world wanted.  A Jack-of-all-trades was useful but replaceable.  Farming, then, seemed his trade, where a man and wife needed to know a little about everything, as he saw in the Maraks, even admiring the obstinate manner of Ray, the uncompromising scarred face, and the gentleness of his still beautiful wife.  He needed money to get out of the rut, and a good sum, since entering the farming business seemed as impossible as becoming a doctor or lawyer.  No clear path to self-sufficiency, no impetus to break from his static place into a forward motion.  No chance of inheritance, since his parents' divorce led to an erratic aftermath that exhausted any money they had saved.  And as his parents pursued finding another person to love, each of them finding and failing again, the assets divided and dwindled a second time.  Just yesterday, in the bar, Judd overheard a story of a girl named Jill Hawking, who came into money, simply by being the daughter of her father, and the unfairness of the world bashed him over the head.  To have some land, be his own master.  To have service men and seed salesmen drive into his yard to walk the parlor and the shed, chewing the fat.  But Judd's role seemed solely to aid the others in society who had property, businesses, careers.  To perform their unwanted work, that was his only usage.  A convenient servant.  Set aside when not needed, like a tool on the bench.  With each job completed, the season changed, old habits returned, a period of dwelling in his apartment, drinking, dabbling in drugs, spending his money when he felt the powerlessness of his position, only to have the purchased item double his frustration when he received his monthly checking and savings account statement.  Currently, the car stereo, with its beautiful sound, irritated him when not playing music.
Finally, he held collateral in his hand, leverage, through the miracle of Jana's pictures, and these he would use to pry his hand into a corrupt world that favored the privileged. 
Chapter 19.  

In the Opera House, Josh and Shannon dressed and lingered with each other.  They declared their love aloud to the silent dusty room of empty and broken chairs.  A promise of someday – someday soon, they would be together in the same house - someday promised in its various guises.  One of these days, they would each tell their spouses.    
So the fantasy continued until Josh separated from Shannon and emerged from the building.  Upon entering his car, reality returned to Josh in the form of child seats, pacifiers, wet wipes, a trio of dolls on the floormats.  Likewise, in Shannon's car she sat amid farm dirt and dust, a bill of sale from the feedstore, her grocery list, and the emblem of Saint Christopher that Jack attached to the sun visor, over her head for protection.  But she lacked car seats and children's items.  Three miscarriages, a sign to her, that the marriage to Jack lacked something, and was not meant to be.  
After Shannon drove away, Josh let his car idle for several minutes, buffering his emergence from the grove of trees before entering the observable Immaculate traffic.  The sound of a tractor belched on the road.  A relief came over him as his maddening need for Shannon exited him like a possession, only to be replaced with a satisfaction and a dusting of guilt.  The fuel light came on in the dashboard.  This offered a welcome distraction.  
He drove to the gas station at the city limits of Immaculate, waving to a familiar face that departed the pump ahead of him.  While filling the tank he washed the windows with the squeegee, scrubbing hard to remove bugs that fouled the glass, scrubbing all remnants of smattered wing and thorax.  A smell of gasoline mixed with the scent of perfume, flitting under his nose, a notification of infidelity, a side-effect.  He, too, needed scrubbing.  The pump rolled cost and gallons slowly – he'd chosen the wrong pump again, the slow one.  On the road ahead stood political signs, wavering in the breeze, block letters – Bush on one side, surrounded by signage of other area Republicans.  Clinton on the other side of the road, amid a hoard of local Democrats.  Neighbors laying bare their inner moods on the direction of the republic, using their visible place on the road to influence the district.  To Josh, all this was a bi-annual entertainment, despite all claims, despite all speeches claiming otherwise.  A populist charade, with each party claiming chunks of the Bill of Rights as its own, splitting the nucleus that made the atom whole.  
Maybe he could end the affair now with Shannon, having his fill, perhaps today would be the last time.  
A political shift from left to right in the town had begun, with the old Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor party slipping a notch in better economic times.  Josh dwelled upon the election as much as other men, with an almost religious devotion, despite viewing the debates as little more than a game show, the candidates costumed, briefed on their lines, the actor with the best character winning the scene.  
The smell of perfume reached his nose again, and the routine sense of guilt, of doing wrong, anchored his levity back to earth.  
In the 80's, he noted how effective the class rhetoric of left-wing politicians worked when interest rates soared and commodity prices drooped.  With rates settled to manageable levels, he now perceived a cultural populism winning among the right-wing.  The memory of harder times faded quickly, and those who lost land had moved on, their stories were no longer fresh.  In any case, he always voted for the party that currently sat on the sideline, despising politicians in general for their overall uselessness.  With his single vote, he aimed to keep politicians from becoming career politicians, to see them all topple after one term.  
What might Kathy say, if he brought up leaving?  
To see no party in power for long, keep the radicals on both sides of the Congressional aisle kenneled, politics a mere interruption, a sideshow provided by and sponsored by greater powers at work behind the scenes.  Immaculate State Bank, but a node on the frontier, far from the commanding heights of the economy, receiving the messages from Wall Street and Madison Avenue, transmitting none in return.  
No need to tell Kathy, let sleeping dogs lie.  

While Josh pontificated and pumped fuel, a car had entered the station lot and parked on the other side of the pump nearest to Josh.  A voice called his name and Josh turned, surprised to see Judd Blanks, hands in the pocket of his hooded sweatshirt, still dirty from work on the Marak farm.  
"Got a minute, Josh?" asked Judd, politely, scratching his cheek with two knuckles.
"You again."  The gas handle snapped as his tank bubbled to the top.  "I can't seem to outrun you."
"Only because I've been lookin' for you."  Judd said.  Josh noticed the wiry neck, and the Adam's apple that looked like a peach pit.  Judd added, "I'd really like to think we could sit down and figure something out, for me to get settled into a place."
"Fine, I'll humor you.  Which property are you looking at?"
"The Boskie farm."
"Are you kidding?"  Josh flipped the fuel lever and put the nozzle away.  "I have sat across from a lot of fellows with the same request, for less money, guys with more sense than you, and denied them because they don't have a down payment or a co-signer, or a chance at making payments even on a contract-for-deed, which, by the way, the Boskies are not interested in.  It's not favoritism, it's business, Judd – either you have the means to make payments or you don't.  It's about debt.  And you're a risk.  I'd like to help you but there's a difference between goodwill and good business."
"But I can make the payments each year, I know that," said Judd, "enough to pay each month."
"That's what everyone thinks when they sit down in the chair.  Optimism is cheap.  What they don't think about is that the price of milk may drop in a year, new markets may open or close overseas for soybeans and corn.  And of all the men who have sat in my office, few have had track records of defaulting like you, Judd.  That's the sum of it – it has nothing to do with me not liking you.  Hell, I wrote the loan for Harrick, and he sets the standard for being a prick.  Don't think for a second I wouldn't like to write lines of credit for every boy that comes in with plows in his eyes and knows nothing else but farming…"
"I just need a chance."
"…ones who have been saving their money rather than spending it so they can buy thirty head of dairy cows and start there, not at the top, not spinning gold from the get-go.  Take Collins, that kid – he's pasturing beef on rented land for now.  One step at a time.  Between you and me, Judd, you're not the only one wanting to buy that farm," said Josh, adjusting his collar and speaking lower. 
Judd pulled his hand from the pocket, holding the sleeve of pictures.  "But I got my foot in the door further than they do."  
"Beg to differ…"
"Here's a little something to help you think on changing your mind."  Judd's produced the pictures from his sweatshirt pocket.  
"What is that?"
"Just take a look."  The flap of the photo sleeve blew in the wind.  Josh grabbed it and opened the pouch, pulling out the pictures, not having to thumb past the first photo to feel the cloud of the blackmail gathering over his head. 
Judd said, "A skirt-chaser never can quit.  Just like a drinking man forgives himself by Wednesday so he can hit the bar again on Friday.  I know how it feels.  I get it, Josh, women's just your thing."
"Is that so?"  Josh stopped thumbing through the photos.  "Does that mean you have the moral high ground on me?"
"This afternoon, I believe I might."
"You don't.  Around here, inventory is kept on everybody's name, no matter how much dust it collects.  And yours is mud.  It's an embarrassment, if you could pull your head out of the sand and take an honest look at the faces around you."  
"Doesn't change the pictures and the fact that you're cheating."
"The only difference between Shannon and your smut collection at home is that I can have the real thing – the rest of you can only drive to The Wreck for live women.  And that goes for all the others who kneel in the pews and hang centerfolds in their parlors.  You, and all the rest, have done in your mind a hundred times what I have done one time outside of my marriage.  Once."  
Judd did not budge.  "Yeah.  But centerfolds ain't Jack Hoffman's wife.  And if I gauge the photos right, I don't think today's fling with Shannon was the first meeting.  Might even say you two seem quite familiar."
"Don't preach to me from the gutter, Judd."  
"Maybe true," said Judd, enjoying himself.  "But that's the funny thing about temptation, ain't it, Josh?  Those that can have something they want, that they shouldn't want, they're supposed to stop.  Trick is knowing when.  But you haven't had enough sugar, have you?"
"You of all people…you know as well as I do, there's a time when you can't say when.  I've seen you in the alley behind the Legion with that girl…what's her name?  The girl, Maggie.  I imagine your girlfriend doesn't know about that little outing you had."
"Bless Jana's heart," Judd said, laughing, "but you can't hold my feet to fire with that.  I'm willing to part with her.  And I'd deny it anyway.  And she'd believe me.  On the other hand, I don't think you are ready for that with Kathy.  Not with your pretty little life.  I wouldn't want to go head to head with that woman.  I've seen her bulldog men in the bank.  You must be frayed to the seams.  Then there's the divorce and the money.  The whole of your world – I don't think you want to be set back to half.  It's not your way.  Not clean enough for your pink hands."
Looking down at the pictures, Josh could not help but notice his hands and become irritated.  "What would you know about anything that goes on in my house?"
"Because you have a lot more to lose than I do, Josh.  Don't need to be a fly on the wall to see that."
Josh dug in his pocket and pulled out the loose change.  "Here, Judd.  Tell you what, I'll make you a loan."  Nickels and dimes landed near Judd's feet, jingling on the asphalt.  "See that pay phone over there by the station?  Call Wells Fargo.  Call Tonnamowoc National.  Call any bank but the one in this town.  And just try me on blackmail.  The Chief of Police golfs with me.  Guess whose side he'll take?"  Josh started toward the store to pay, turning his back on Judd.  
"I'd like my photos back.  I got the negatives elsewhere, case you think that's the only copy."
Josh stuffed them in the sleeve and threw them at Judd.  "Just try me, Judd."
"I'll give you a few hours, as a courtesy, so you can consider your kids, your house."  As Josh moved away, Judd spoke louder so that others at the pumps could hear.  "But by dark I'll be aiming to find Kathy if I don't receive an update."  Tucking the pictures under his arm he watched Josh walk into the store, loathing the banker's designer jeans and name-brand shoes.  Judd lingered to watch Josh pay for his fuel, standing firm with a stare, a poker face, waiting until Josh exited the store, entered his car, and drove off in a lurch. 
Chapter 20. 

"Lima beans, my favorite," said Jacob, sitting in the head chair until his father pulled the seat out from under him.  He slid over to his rightful chair, "Hey, Dad, would you please pass the butter and salt?"  
"Very funny," Renee said.  
Jacob spooned a heaping portion onto his plate.  "The best thing about Lima beans," he said, with a mouthful, "is the dryness.  It's like swallowing a handful of Tylenol."
Ray shook his head but could not help smiling.  
"What happened to your nose?" Renee asked.
"Dad and I, we bumped heads," Jacob said, watching as his father transferred some beans to his plate.  "Didn't we, Dad?  Or can I call you 'Buddy' now, Buddy?"  Jacob slapped his father on the shoulder, hard enough that his beans spilled on the table.  Ray picked up the beans with his fingers. 
Renee said, "I won't buy any more Lima beans."
"No," said Jacob.  "Do buy more Lima beans.  I need to start cutting weight for wrestling, so please, buy a bushel."
Renee frowned.  "You don't need to be cutting any weight this year.  Tell that coach that you will wrestle at your football weight."
"Not if I want to go to state again," said Jacob.  
"I won't stand for that spitting in the cup all day, just to drop a pound before the match," said Renee.  "It's disgusting.  And Ethan, he might be two inches taller, I bet, if he hadn't wrestled at one-thirty-five all those years.  That wasn't a healthy weight for a growing boy."
"If I don't cut weight," said Jacob, "I have to wrestle heavyweight.  That's for fat kids.  Dad wrestled at the same weight as me, and he's tall."
"And I went to state," said Ray. 
"Runner-up.  I'll be winning it this year," said Jacob.  
"I guess we'll find out soon enough.  Take your hat off.  Did we pray yet?"
"I can't remember," said Jacob, chewing and removing his hat.  
"Ethan isn't here yet," said Renee. "We'll wait for him to eat.  You two are like a couple of animals.  One limping, one with a bloody nose, and both snouts in the food before everyone is here.  I'll go see if Kathy and Bryce are awake.  Dawn's outside dawdling about in the yard with the dog.  Jacob, why don't you go get her and your brother.  What's she doing out there?  It looks like she's trying to get inside your pickup, Jacob."
"My pickup?" said Jacob, startled, standing up and wiping his mouth.  "I'll round 'em all up.  Dad, don't touch my beans.  I counted them." 

Outside, Jacob sprinted toward his vehicle, yelling at Dawn, until she stepped down from the running board.  How much had she seen? She bounded toward him across the wet yard.  Jacob fished in his pocket for his miniature Swiss Army knife, ready to gift it in trade for her silence.  
"Dawn Werther," he said when she drew close, "what were you doing, trying to drive my pickup?"
"No," she said, with condescending eyes.  "I was just playing."
"It's time for dinner, Dawn Werther," he said, grabbing her shoulders and dropping to his knee, "Did you look inside the truck?"
"Nope."
"You sure?"
"Yep."
"Ok then," said Jacob, putting his Swiss Army knife back into his pocket where it jingled against his change.  When he released her shoulders, she ran to the house.  He started walking onward to the barn, to summon his brother and Rhea, but dashed to his pickup to check on Tara.  Crouching low, he opened the door and found Tara in tears.  
"Jacob, I can't take it any longer, I need to go home."  She pleaded with him, laying supine, staring up at the dome light.  
"I got things in order now, Tara.  It's a long story, but right after we eat, I can get you home, I know it.  Had to take a beating for it, but I'm out of the doghouse, so sit tight for just a bit."
"I can't sit tight any more.  And you've ruined my life, ruined it."
"Oh, here we go," he said.  "Nothing could ruin a beautiful thing like yourself Tara Ingeston, not even me.  You'll see.  You'll see, we'll get you home and you can blame me so your father has something to hate for a while.  Everyone likes to have something to hate, why not let it be me?  For a while, I mean.  I don't want him hating me forever."
"If you aren't here in ten minutes, I'm walking home."
"I'll be back in ten minutes," he said.  "I promise."  
Before he could shut the door, he reasserted his promise several times.  The hourglass of her patience was empty now, he could see it in her face.    
When he closed the door, Jacob saw Ethan emerge from the barn, walking toward the house with Rhea.  Jacob met them at the screen door of the house, and listened to Ethan explained things about the new calf. 
Entering the house, Jacob kicked his shoes off in the middle of the room, while Ethan unlaced his boots and set them side-by-side on the mat.  Jacob resumed his position at the table, mumbled the prayer, and started eating his beans again, taking three potatoes from a serving dish, mashing one of them while he used his other hand to get a glob of butter.  
"Jacob, hold on," Renee said.  "Honestly.  You only left one potato for Rhea and Ethan.  You don't need three.  I should have made more.  I haven't had to cook for so many people in a long time."
The last potato landed on Rhea's plate, put there by Ethan's fork.  He said, "I can get by without.  I've gained some weight at the cafeteria lately."
Renee said, "But you must be hungry."
"Rhea was working hard out there.  She delivered a calf, didn't you, Rhea?  She needs a meal more than I do."
"Calf?" said Ray. 
"She's in the pen now."
"You separated them," Ray declared, asking a question.
"No," said Ethan.  "Let them stay together, for…you know."  He nodded his head at Rhea, who shook salt on her Lima beans.  
Ray said, "We'll have to separate..."
"Dad," Ethan interrupted.  "After we eat, but for now..."  He nodded his head toward Rhea.  
"I get it," said Ray.  
"Want this potato?" said Jacob, pointing at his plate, looking at his brother.
"If you don't want it, I'll eat it," said Ethan.  "I could eat five."
"What do you have for trade?"
Ethan said, "A thank you?"
"How about your half of the farm?" said Jacob, grinning, sticking the potato with his fork and holding it aloft.  
"Sure," said Ethan.  "Is that all?  You don't need a kidney or anything, while you're at it?"
"Give him the potato," Ray said, glaring at Jacob.  "That's no table talk.  We're going to take care of that business after we eat, too.  After we separate that cow and..."  He stopped when Rhea looked up at him from behind a large glass of milk and her neatly arranged but untouched plate of food.  
Ethan plucked the potato off the fork and laid it down on his flower-patterned plate, and mashed it up.  While he ate, he noticed Dawn peering at him from the other side of the table, giving him a dirty look, guarding her plate like he might steal her food.
"I'm going trick-or-treating tonight," said Rhea.
"We all are," said Dawn, and turned to her mother, Kathy.  "Can we come out here tonight, Mom?  You should see the size of some of the candy bags we made.  They make them bigger on the farm than in town."
Renee said, "That's because we only get three or four kids a year."
"We'll stop by," said Kathy, "if there's time."  
 A noise at the front door caused everyone to stop eating and inspect each other, since no one had heard the sound of tires on the crushed rock in the driveway.  Jacob closed his eyes, praying that Tara would not round the corner of the mudroom and appear in the doorway, but indeed she did.
The tear-stains on her cheeks were gone, replaced with a smile and bright eyes,  pleasantness that Jacob took as a hopeful sign for navigating the meal conversation. 
In the truck, Tara had finally sat up with decisiveness, rubbed her face clean in the rear view mirror, and put her hair into a tight pony-tail to make herself presentable, even pausing to put on some Chapstick before she slipped out of the vehicle.  She could no longer watch the minutes change on the digital clock.  When 12:59 became 1:00, she abandoned the current course of inaction, thinking that her father would have the National Guard combing the Bluffs for her body by now.  
In the doorway, Tara looked at Ethan, and said, "Surprise!"
"Tara," he said, pushing his chair back, standing up to welcome her.  "I meant to call you when things quieted down around here."
"I'm sorry I didn't knock, Mrs. Marak."
"You don't have to knock," said Renee.  "You're always welcome here.  Would you like a plate?"
Ethan hugged her and whispered, "It's so good to see you."  When he let go, he blushed with embarrassment for the display of affection in front of family members.  "How did you get here?" he asked.  "I didn't see a car pull in?"
Jacob gripped his fork, waiting for a response. 
"My Mom dropped me off," she said.  "She was out and about, so I asked her to let me off here."
The fork slipped from Jacob's hand in relief.  At least she knew how to tell a lie.  
Renee said, "Ethan, if you want to take Tara to eat in town, I have a twenty in my purse."
"What do you think, Tara?" Ethan asked.  "Are you hungry?"
"That'd be great," she said.  
Dawn spoke, nonchalantly, causing Jacob to cringe.  "She wasn't dropped off."  
Jacob leaned back in his chair.  "Of course she was, Dawn.  Tara just said she was dropped off.  You silly goose."
"She was sitting inside that truck out there in the yard."
"What a fibber," said Jacob, thinking of the Swiss Army knife in his pocket again and the missed opportunity.  He could only distract her now.  "Let me have your potato.  You haven't touched it."
"That red truck," said Dawn.  "She was in there."
"Fibbers don't get dessert," Jacob said.  "Right Mom?  By the way, what is for dessert?"
Every set of adult eyes networked, as Kathy looked at Renee, Renee at Ray, and Ethan at Jacob.  Ethan was first to speak.  "You're a funny girl."  His distrust of Dawn deepened.  
Kathy sensed the awkwardness, something amiss in the vibe after her daughter's admission.  "Eat your food," Kathy said, "and then we are going to pack up and go home so we can get your costumes ready.  Renee, I love this bread.  Did you bake it?"
"I did," said Renee, joining her cousin in a dinner charade to help the moment pass.  "Didn't you smell it when you arrived?"  She stood up find her purse. 
"I did," said Kathy, lying, having not noticed any bread upon arriving, consumed by other thoughts.  "I meant to ask you, but then I must have forgotten."  
At the counter, Renee said, "Here's that twenty, Ethan.  Go ahead, you two, go to the diner.  It's on me."
Ray continued eating, half-listening, winking at Bryce, who stuck out his tongue.  They played a game all their own while the others danced around Dawn's remark about Tara.
"Go on," said Renee. 
"Ethan, do you mind if we stop at my house on the way?" Tara asked.  "I brought the wrong coat."
Jacob said, "Gotta dress for the weather when you go out."  He laughed.  "Starting to get cold.  Is this rain supposed to freeze?  I heard it's gonna freeze.  Nothing worse than a freezing rain.  Especially when kids will be out tonight, God bless 'em.  What'd you hear, old man?"
Still making faces at Bryce, Ray muttered, "Huh?"  The little boy giggled and dropped a spoon to the floor, giggling when it clattered.  The little boy looked like Ethan and Ray felt like it was 1973 again, when the birth of Ethan saved him from his personal demons.  He ignored Jacob and watched the toddler clap his hands, with Ray starting a game of patty-cake across the table, his enormous gnarled palms touching the boy's chubby fingertips.  
"We'll be back," said Ethan.
"Have fun, you two," said Renee, escorting the couple out the door.  "Let me walk you out."
For the rest of the meal, the two mothers and Jacob overtook the conversation, with weather centering all comments.  When Dawn tried to speak again, Jacob raised interruptions, drowning her out.  His concern for the freezing rain became the main topic.  He recounted stories about accidents that he had heard or invented. 
"Let me help with the dishes," said Kathy.  
"No," said Renee.  "You have things to do.  This will take no time at all.  Let me help you with the kids."
Little feet pattered among the thuds of adult feet.  The kitchen came alive with sounds of scraping, moving chairs, and tinkling silverware.  The Werthers prepared to leave, while the Maraks preparing to rest.  
As Ray and Jacob retired to the living room, Renee started putting dishes in the sink, moving rapidly so that she could interrogate her younger son.  Hot water filled the basin and the bubbles rose, sending a scent of lemon into the air.  The Werther girls said their final apology, forced by Kathy once again, and the house became quiet when the screen door slammed shut.  When Renee came back to the kitchen, she saw Ray's foot elevated on the couch armrest.  Before she could turn off the water and make her way to the living room, the phone rang.  
"Maraks," she said.  
"Hello," said a voice, a gentle sounding man with an urgent tone.  "Is this Mrs. Marak?"
"Yes, it is."
"Hi, it's Dave Ingeston.  I'm sorry to call, but we are quite beside ourself with trying to find Tara.  I'm just wondering if you've seen her anywhere.  No one has seen her.  She never came home last night and we are worried sick, as you can imagine."
"Well, yes," Renee said.  "She was just here."  As soon as Renee said it, she thought of Dawn's comment. 
"Oh thank God," said Dave Ingeston.  His voice faded as he told the people in his house that the missing child no longer required seeking.  When he came back to the phone, he was still speaking to his wife.  
"Fine, I'm asking.  Honey, I'm trying to ask.  Mrs. Marak?" said Dave.  "Are you there?"  
"Yes."
" Tara is all right?  She's in one piece?"
"Of course," she said.  "She's on her way to town with Ethan, to the diner."  
"How did she get to your house," he said, taking on a different tone altogether, one of a new type of crisis.  "Was she with Ethan all night?"
"No," said Renee.  "Ethan was at school.  He came home this morning."
"Then how did Tara get to your house?"
"She told me that your wife dropped her off here."
"She said what?  Renee, we've been searching all day for her.  I don't know why I didn't call you sooner.  I should have known.  So it was Ethan that kept her out all night then.  Your son has a lot of explaining to do."
Renee said, "Dave, I don't know how that could be.  Ethan was in Minneapolis last night.  I called him at his dorm room late in the night, so he couldn't have been with her.  Not until at least three in the morning, and that's if he drove straight here after I called."  
"I don't believe you, Mrs. Marak."
"But I…I don't know, Dave.  But she is on her way to town now."
"Ethan is going to get an earful from me."
"I understand, Dave.  But I don't know, I don't know how they could have been together last night…"
"Well, who else would she be with?  She's been dating him for two years.  I'm guessing he's getting a little old for her now and expects something he shouldn't expect."
Renee said, "Dave, you can talk to him.  They will be at your house or at the diner in no more than fifteen minutes."
Dave hung up the phone abruptly.  
Bubbles seeped over the sink, making a slow trek down the cupboards to the floor.  As she passed the sink, Renee pulled the plug and let the water out, not concerned with doing dishes any longer.
"Jacob," she said, her voice wavering.  
"I'm sleeping," came the response from the living room.  
"Come here, please."  When no response came back, she added, "Right this instant."


Since Ethan had left his car in the cornfield, he took his mother's car.    
Driving and smiling, Ethan loosened up, happy for the nearness of Tara.  He considered turning the car down a quiet field road that led back to a woods, where in past times they sat on a bluff edge and necked until their faces hurt.  On the grassy bluff, on a summer day, they came close to making love, among the honeysuckle and snapdragons, but naked and unwed they both grew ashamed, the moral rules imbued to them taking over, guilt on auto-pilot.  That day in the grass came back to him frequently, with occasion enough that he regretted not continuing to the end.  The sunkissed afternoon, the bees buzzing about the prairie grass, clouds overhead rowing across the blue sky, the sylvan maples and oaks below, and Tara's skin and shape on the white blanket, tracing the curve of her back with his finger, her hand clasped in his, the unforgettable sigh and the words "I want you" right before they stopped.
Ethan mentioned the dirt road and the bluff.  Tara only nodded and looked out the window.  Clearly uninterested.  He changed the subject.  "That Dawn," he said, "she has a mean streak.  I watched her shock her sister today on the fence."
"Why would she do that?" said Tara, sitting far from Ethan on the other side of the car.  
"Because she's mean."  Reaching across the center console, he placed his hand on her hand.  "What a great surprise, to see you like that.  I didn't expect it.  Whenever I see you I feel like I'm really home.  More than seeing my room, or the dog, or even my Mom.  It's like something lights up inside me.  You always do that to me, and it's the exact opposite when I see your taillights leaving campus and I know it's just me and my roommate again."
"That's nice," said Tara, letting her hand lay flat, not lacing her fingers in his, not stroking his wrist the way she usually did.  
Nice.  Something amiss in her voice.  "Did you get your letter yet, from the University?  I can't imagine why you wouldn't be accepted immediately."
"Not yet.  Nothing so far.  But I did get accepted to Madison."
"Wisconsin?  You didn't tell me you were applying there."
"I didn't want to tell you."  Her face saddened.  "They have a good business program."
Ethan smiled at her and squeezed her hand.  "Do they?  I never thought to ask about that.  I just get selfish for you to come to the U.  But if that's what you want.  Madison, how far is that from Minneapolis?  Not that far anyway.  Probably no farther apart than what we've been doing the last year and a half."  She did not look at him.  "Right, Tara?  A couple of hours is no big deal.  Now if you said, Massachusetts, or Florida, then I'd say, well, I'd say the same thing."
Her hand slipped into his and she squeezed his fingers, but she still stared out the window.  Sensing a distance between the seats, Ethan threw himself into the gap.  "I should have called you earlier today.  I didn't know I would be home until last night.  It was kind of an emergency."
"Oh?" she said, turning her head from the window, but unable to maintain eye contact. 
"I know we haven't seen each other in a few weeks, so we're a little off-track.  I've been swamped with schoolwork – and honestly, probably taking it too seriously, getting caught up in it.  You know me.  I've bored you enough on the phone with details of that."
Still no smile.  A few miles of silence and the rusty water tower with the word Immaculate came into view.  Ghosts with round heads swayed from a tree in a yard, hanging over large orange leaf bags shaped like Jack-o-lanterns.  The silence was unsustainable.  
"Is something wrong, Tara?" 
"No."
"Cat got your tongue?"
"Can we stop at my house?  I need to go home."
"That's where I'm going, as requested.  You look tired.  Did you sleep much last night?  That is, assuming you didn't sleep in a truck, like Dawn said.  She is something."
"I was at a party," she said, with a tear rolling down her face.  
"Tara, what's wrong?"  He laughed, thinking he could repair her, but stopped.  "Should I park so we can talk?"
"No, keep going.  Please drive.  Drive around the town for a minute or two, just drive."
"Sure.  I'll go the other way.  Tell me what's wrong.  You were at a party.  And?"
"The police came and broke it up," she said, dabbing her eye with her sweater sleeve.  "But I didn't get a ticket.  I got away."
"So…no harm done then, right?  Nothing wrong with going to a party."  He squeezed her hand until she pulled away.  
"And Jacob helped me escape from the Bluffs."
Ethan slowed down to a crawl, driving five miles an hour down a city street.  Two boys in costume bashed at each other in a yard with plastic light sabers.  He said, "That was good of him."  
"Except we got stuck in the mud and couldn't get out.  Down by the…"  She sobbed and lost her voice.  "By the stream."  
At a stop sign, Ethan let the car idle, waiting for her to go on.  No cars behind him.  His leg tensed against the brake.  "But you're fine now, Tara.  Is that all?  I mean, you're OK, that's all that matters."
"I haven't been home yet."  The sleeve to her eye again.  "So my parents are going to blame you."  
He needed to ask.  "Did something happen?"  A car approached now from the rear, an elderly couple.  "Did Jacob…did he try something?"  
Her face was hidden by the dabbing sweater sleeve.  Behind Ethan's car, an elderly man sat with his hands on the wheel like a statue, waiting for Ethan to turn, and Ethan rolled down his window to wave the car around.  
"Are you sure, Tara?  You can tell me anything.  And he's my brother, so it's one thing if he did you a favor, but if he made a move."
"Nothing happened," said Tara, letting her hand down.  Passing by, the elderly couple looked at Ethan and Tara, bending their necks to gawk.  "I need to go home now."
Turning toward her, he said, "Tara, can you look me in the eye, and tell me that Jacob did not try anything funny?"
"He…"
"Yes?"
"He didn't try anything.  Please, Ethan, I need to go home now."
For a few seconds he continued reading her and then settled back into his seat to drive to the Ingeston house.  After two turns on the streets without curbs, he saw the familiar sight of Tara's house, the tree in the yard, the Halloween decorations.  Dave Ingeston leaned against his Chevy Suburban with an unwelcome look on his face.  Not knowing what to expect, Ethan let his car glide to a halt in the usual parking spot he took up when visiting the Ingeston's.  Tara did not say anything but stepped out of the car without bothering to look at Ethan.  She ran to her father with contrition, who embraced her deeply while peering over his daughter's shoulder, looking directly at Ethan.  
"This should be interesting," Ethan muttered, stepping into the street, into a street that for two years felt like home but now felt foreign.
"Stay right there," Dave said to Ethan.  "Tara, please go inside."  
Tara said, "Daddy, it's not his fault.  It was my fault."
Pointing at the door, Dave commanded Tara to the steps by the front door.  With his hands in his coat pockets, holding the twenty dollar bill from Renee in his hand, Ethan awaited Dave's judgment, already resolved to say little, to bear whatever Dave needed to speak in anger.  
"Surprised you had enough nerve to bring her back," said Dave, approaching Ethan.  His voice shook.  Dave was not a man accustomed to confrontation in his job as a civil engineer for the state.  "You could have called.  You could have done something to let us know where she was.  She's not in college, she's still a kid."  
Ethan said nothing but nodded.  
"You know, to be honest, I never trusted you from the minute you showed up with your letter jacket jingling.  That night you knocked on her window, I should have told her then – you only wanted one thing."
Lowering his head, Ethan accepted the insults, as these admissions plunged into him, cutting two years of good memories into pieces.   
"I guess I was blind.  I convinced myself that this type of thing wouldn't happen with you," said Dave.  "But I would like to know what happened last night, in as short a form as you can, before I go get the real story from her."
Ethan picked his head up.  "Why don't you ask Tara," he said, "so you can tell me what happened.  I wasn't in Immaculate last night."
"If she wasn't with you, then who was she with?"
"Bye, Dave," said Ethan, opening his car door.  When he started his car, he remained calm and moved the gear selector, turned his radio on, and pulled out into the street.  With Tara barricaded in the Ingeston house, Ethan could ask no more questions of her, but only take her word.  But with Jacob, he harbored unsettled doubts.  In the passenger side mirror, he witnessed Dave standing at the end of his driveway, mouth open, his world quaking along the same faultline.  
Chapter 21. 

"How could you, Josh?  How?" said Kathy.  "The one person I am supposed to be able to rely on, and you are the one that told everyone in town."
Josh said, "I didn't tell anyone."
"You told someone.  I know you told someone.  Thinking back to the call now, I could tell you thought I was pathetic, so I'm sure you turned around and made a comment to someone."
"Jesus, this is a bit much.  I'm not in the mood for crazy today."
"A bit much?"  Kathy nodded, "Yes it is.  It has been a bit much for a long time.  A bit more than I like.  You don’t take part in this family.  We are nothing but a burden to you.  You'd rather be anywhere but here.  And I'm sick of it!" 
"Be sick of it then."  Josh motioned toward the bathroom.  "Not in front of the kids.  If you have to shout, do it in here…"
"Why shouldn't they hear it?" Kathy said. 
"Because there's a thing called decorum and this is trash.  Please, at least for now."  He motioned to Kathy with his arm, tilting the crown of his head at the door. 
She grudgingly walked toward Josh and entered under his arm, flipping the light switch on.  A spacious bathroom, with double vanities and a large open area leading to the two-person Jacuzzi – a luxury option chosen during construction, used only a handful of times since its installation.  Most recently, the Jacuzzi had been used by Josh and Shannon, not Josh and Kathy.  
"Maybe I would like to do things," said Kathy.  "Wouldn't it be nice if I could just say goodbye and put on my coat and leave the house, like you."
"Go ahead!  Join something," said Josh.  "Do something.  I'd be happy if you found a hobby other than browbeating.  People need hobbies, Kathy.  Sitting and stewing for years is not the kind of hobby I mean.  People need social lives so that they don't sit at the kitchen table and cry over the burden of selecting flatware."
"What night would I have to participate in something Josh?  Monday nights?  Oh wait, that's your golf night.  Or Tuesday.  Tuesday, you have the Rotary in Tonnamowoc.  Wednesday, Knights of Columbus and cleaning the church yard.  Funny you make such an effort for the church – but it's not about the church, is it?  It's not about golf, the church, or anything else.  It's not even about putting a good face on the bank.  I know what all this volunteering and joining is about.  It's about yourself.  It's so you don't have to raise your kids."
"I love my children," said Josh, pointing at the stairs that led to their bedrooms.  She had enumerated his list of excuses for meeting with Shannon.  "Don't ever accuse me of not loving them."  
"You may love them," said Kathy, "you may.  But you don't want to raise them."  
"I raise them," said Josh.  "I take them to games and school and..."
"I take them to their games, Josh.  I take them to school.  To the pool.  To haircuts.  To the doctor.  To the bathroom," she shouted.  "And that's after I've finished the workday.  You take them somewhere once a month."  
"Yes, I do nothing."
"Even when you do watch them, you just let them watch The Fresh Prince of Bel Air and Roseanne.  And what father in his right mind takes children to see Rain Man?  And then you joke about autism, teaching them to laugh at people."  
"They liked Rain Man.  God forbid we laugh sometimes."
"You think it was yesterday that you did chores around here, and then it's the exact opposite in the bedroom, acting like it's been a year since you had it, even if it was just a week ago."
"A week ago, right.  A week on what planet?"  
"Then when I want it, you don't want it anyway.  It's obvious you have no attraction toward me."
He ignored her last comment because he agreed.  "So what is it, dear, that you want me to do?  Grant you full command of the ship?  Put the family jewels into your purse, once and for all?"
"I want you to help me, to be here."  She bent over with her hands cupped in front of her, a demanding supplicant.  
"No, that's not what you want, Kathy."
"Just a little help."
"You want me to quit my life.  I have obligations.  You want me to quit doing what I enjoy so I can sit here with you and keep company with your misery.  That's what you want.  You hate to see anyone smile.  But you know what?  I know you.  And you enjoy being the martyr.  You love to sit and complain about all that you do, the cross you bear.  Turn around, dear, let me see if one shoulder is lower than the other from the weight."
"Oh, it's there all right.  All I ever asked for…I just want a break now and then, for an hour or two."
"We make enough money, we can get some girl to come and clean and play with the kids.  A nanny.  There's plenty of hayseeds around here who would work for cheap."
"And there it is."  Kathy shook her head, no longer begging for help, but having her answer she stood up straight and let her arms hang at her sides.  "You just admitted it.  It's about you."  
"Whatever you say."
"You don't want to raise your kids."
"If it's too much for you, then back off at work," Josh said, chopping his points in the air.  "Quit, for God's sake.  Why not just watch the kids yourself?"
"Because I like my career," she said, snapping at him.  "Why should I have to quit or go part-time?  Why does it always have to be the woman?"
"Because you're the mother!" said Josh, raising his voice.  "How hard is that to understand?  This is how it works.  I didn't carry the babies, you did.  The bond will never be the same for me as for you.  Don't you get it?  I don't have time to manage the bank and rush out the door every time one of them scrapes his knee."
"They are ours, not just mine, and I am not sorry if I want to have a career, even if it is just a lowly teller."
"Listen to me, Kathy," Josh said, with his finger in front of her face.  "I will provide for us, for all of us, but I will not spend my life sitting in the recliner in the living room like some old broke-ass farmer where the stiffest thing between his legs in twenty years was a brandy Manhattan.  If the children grow to hate me as adults, at least I can still provide for them.  And I can live with that."
"What goes through your head?"  She put the back of her hand to her forehead.  "Like it's a choice?  You can either be a good father, or an absent one?  You live under a sad set of ideas.  You act like you never wanted kids…"
He turned away from her as if to avoid the question, but spun around and blurted,  "I already had a kid!  Before I met you!  Yes, that's right, Kathy, that's the truth.  I already had a son."  
She exhaled in disgust.  Her face whitened.     
"That doesn't mean I don't love Dawn and the others," Josh said, retreating.  "I will put them into the best clothes and school programs.  They will want for nothing." 
She shook her head.  "I knew it.  I knew you never wanted them.  Their own father a stepfather.  Why don't you leave?  What do you live here for?  Why don't you go find Ethan, if he's the only child you wanted?  Go run out and tell Renee you still love her, because I know you do.  I knew it, I always knew that.  Why don't you just leave?"
"Leave?  Get out of my own house?" Josh said, laughing, thumbing his nose twice and smirking.  "I don't think I will.  I think I will stay right here.  Because I know something else, Kathy.  I know that you stopped taking the pill when we were dating.  Didn't you?"
"I did not," she said, folding her arms, lip beginning to quiver with anger.  
"You stopped taking the pill to trap me when you could see our relationship was in the toilet.  You set your little man-trap on me."
"Then set yourself free and leave.  Or maybe I'll leave you and take the kids.  You don't love them.  You don't love anyone, except yourself."
"You can leave," said Josh, "but you won't take the kids, that I promise you."  He sat in the recliner.  "I promise you that.  I will guarantee you, it will never happen.  Especially after this whole cornfield incident.  Who do you think will appear more responsible?  You?  Don't run that route, Kathy.  I would think living through that experience once was enough.  In court, it will sound much worse."  
The threat punctured her.  She could not answer.
"And if you left," he continued, "I'd find someone else who was more content.  Someone happy with what she'd been given, not always trying to be the boss, not keeping score on who went where for how many hours on a Tuesday night.  I'd find someone who loved me."  He smiled and said, "No, someone who even worshiped me." 
"Don't you already have a dog?"
"Clever.  Old Fetz at the bank told me once, 'Josh, don't marry the one who you fall in love with, marry the one who falls in love with you.'  I fell under your spell.  I've snapped out of it now.  Now I see someone in love and I pity them, since they have gone temporarily blind.  Why don't you go out for a while, Kathy.  Go for a week.  Take the break you crave so much.  Just go somewhere."
"I will," she said.  "And you'll see how much work it is, you'll see in three hours."  She turned to go and stopped at the bathroom door to say, "That's right, I stopped taking the pill.  I stopped taking it right after I found you flirting with that grocery clerk in Tonnamowoc."  
"Confirmation.  Hallelujah!  I knew it, I knew you did, you trap.  And now we're back to the infamous grocery clerk," Josh said, with disdain and a glowering stare.  "The old hatchet, half-buried, you can never let that one go.  You know, I should go back and find that grocery girl, go to Tonnamowoc and chase all the grocery clerks in all five grocery stores, just to live up to your accusations.  Maybe I'll get a harem of grocery clerks.  I'll have them wear their aprons to bed.  The grocery clerk from ten years ago.  Maybe she was my true love.  I better get out there again, go find my clerk, see if she's still scanning yogurt."
"To think I rejected poor Harold Bynum for you, that simple and happy man.  God knows why, only God knows, when you have proved such a black hole."  She spat at Josh's face, but he jumped aside.  
"You're cleaning that, not me," he said.  "But that's a good idea.  Sure, Kathy, why don't you go find Harold.  Go find him and his chickens, you can collect eggs for him all day.  I'll go find my clerk and we'll open a deli.  What a ridiculous conversation.  Where are you going?"
Kathy shoved past him.  "I'm leaving.  Move your arm."
"If I don't?"
"You'll be impotent," she said, readying her knee.
His arm dropped and she rushed out of the bathroom, to the laundry room.  From the dryer she collected unmatched clothing, tossing shirts and socks into a laundry basket.  Without acknowledging Josh, she passed through the kitchen and realized that Dawn and Rhea had been listening.  Tear-stained cheeks broke the mother's heart.  Using her index finger, she collected tears and touched their noses.  She whispered, "I love you both.  And Bryce.  Where's Bryce?"
"He's in the closet with Mop."
"Mommy needs to go out for a while," Kathy said.
"Where Mommy?" asked Rhea.
"I don't know."
"Can I come, Mommy?" said Rhea.  
"No, honey.  Not now."
"Can I, Mommy?" asked Dawn.
"No."  Kathy started to cry.  "Just stay here with Daddy, for now." 
"Don't go, Mommy," said Rhea.  "Who will take us trick-or-treating?"
On the stoop, the faces of children called Kathy back to the house but she moved away, unable to occupy space with Josh.  Across the yard, at a storage shed, she opened a door and placed her laundry basket inside her old Toyota Tercel, dusty and dirty.  But it was not the Cadillac.  It was hers and not his.  It was hers before she was his.  All shared things now felt tainted.  She prayed that the old junker started.  The starter lolled, chugged on the spinning wheel, and finally turned over.  Green smoke spewed from the rusted muffler.  
She drove to the road, down the same lane she took every day, but turned in the other direction, attempting to escape the gravity of Immaculate.  
Chapter 22. 

At the kitchen table, fraught by suspicion, Renee listened to Ray snoring in the living room, taking his usual half-hour, almost to the minute, daily nap.  A sound of footsteps came from the second floor.  Renee had ordered Jacob to his room and he was pacing, or exercising, or both.  When she had put the question to him about Tara, he stonewalled her and played dumb, until she could not bear to look at him in her kitchen any longer and banished him upstairs until further notice.  
Her history of disapproving of Tara began to make Renee feel complicit in the day's events, as if she had hexed the relationship.  The low voice of Dave Ingeston riled her thoughts, his phone call replaying to her in an accusatory tone.  Several times she strolled to the couch to wake Ray, but withheld her hand from shaking his shoulder, not ready with words for him, not knowing if Tara had stowed away in Jacob's truck, not knowing what exactly had unfolded in the night.  With Jacob involved, and with what disgusting magazines she had discovered in shoe boxes beneath his bed that summer, she suspected the worst.  Unable to stay partial, her heart already aligned with Ethan, her gentler son, and against the younger son whose many years of shifty smiles and exaggerations unbalanced the love in her.  
The rain had stopped.  She watched the window dry, until she could sit idle no more.  
  When she finally decided to wake Ray, she stopped again upon seeing Ethan drive into the yard, and stopped next to Jacob's truck.  Standing at the kitchen window now, she watched Ethan throw open the door of Jacob's pickup truck and put his head inside.  His hands rifled through the glove compartment and ashtrays, seeking evidence.  Leaning downward, his head disappeared, and then reappeared as he put his nose into the air like a mole, sniffing at the air.  When he closed the door of the truck, Renee ran outside in her socks to meet him.  
The ground moisture soaked into her soles and she stopped in the yard when Ethan approached her.  
"Perfume," he said.
"Ethan."
"It's her perfume in there."
"Are you certain its hers?  I mean, did Tara say…"
"She told me.  She'd been in the truck all day."
 "No!" said Renee, covering her mouth, and witnessing tears in Ethan's eyes.  
After explaining the party to his mother, Ethan said, "And I swore I heard a door slam earlier today.  A door on that truck."  He pointed and closed one eye, peering down his arm as if aiming a rifle.  "But I never thought to look inside.  Something happened between them."
"I will handle this," said Renee, her mouth pursed with wrinkles at the corners and upper lip, forming a volcanic cone.  "The nerve, the nerve of him, and her, and Dave.  Follow me.  I'm waking your father."
Renee marched to the house.  The urgent whines of the dog, with a stick in its mouth, begged for Ethan to toss a fetch.  The yellow mutt wagged his tail and dragged his sopping wet fur across Ethan's blue jeans and to chase the dog away, Ethan threw the stick far across the yard.  When Ethan stepped into the house, he heard his mother shouting Jacob's name.
"Of all the un-Christian things a brother could do," she muttered, before shouting again, "Jacob, if you are not down in here two seconds, I swear."  Then lowering her voice again to a mutter, "I swear to God, you'll be living in the barn."
At the bottom of the staircase, Jacob stopped and pressed his palms against the door frame.  
"You overgrown brat, get in the living room."
Ray sat up on the couch, smiling.  "You've never called me that before."
"Not you, your son," she said, nodding at Jacob, hands on her hips.  Jacob settled into the recliner and leaned back, head straight, mouth without expression, but his eyes furtive.  Ethan stood in the kitchen with his boots on yet, the first time ever that he had crossed the threshold of his mother's clean floor in footwear.  Arms folded, his eyes remained upon Jacob.  Ethan started to speak but Renee overpowered him, explaining the details as she saw them, with full bias in Ethan's favor.  
Still groggy from a sleepless night and a slight nap, Ray tried to catch up to the happenings surrounding him.  Without knowing any details, he knew by his wife's tone that he should pretend to be upset right away, no questions needed.  Ray frowned accordingly at the subject of her ire, secretly glad that it was not him.  Soon he caught the gist of things.  "Jacob spent the night with Tara?" Ray said.  Then he no longer needed to pretend his anger.  The pretense became authentic.  "Is that what you're telling me?"
"Yes, Ray.  Tara's perfume is all over the pickup, like she spilled a whole bottle of it in there."  Renee deferred to Ethan.  "Isn't that right?"
He nodded.
"Jacob," said Renee, "what do you have to say to your brother?"
Jacob said, "What should I say, Mom?"
"Tell him the truth.  Because you can't apologize enough for this, not for this."
"I can't apologize for helping Tara get away from the cops?  Because that's all that happened.  And then we got stuck in the mud and I couldn't drive, so we didn't get out until sunrise."
"This is ridiculous," said Renee.  
"Let's hear him out," said Ray.
"And I knew I was in deep shit already," Jacob continued.  "Once we got unstuck, I came home, and I didn't know anything about Rhea, or Dad's ankle.  And I sure didn't expect to see Ethan home.  What was I supposed to tell him?  Should we have hopped out and said hello to Ethan?  What would he have thought then?"
"What about the perfume?" said Renee, more disgusted than before.
"Perfume?  She sat in the pickup all day.  Is it any surprise that it smells like her perfume, if she sat inside, with the windows rolled-up, for half a day?  Not my fault she wears it thick."
"If nothing happened," said Ethan, "why didn't you just get out of the truck when you saw me, and tell me right away?  If nothing happened, why did she cry on the way to her house just now?  If nothing happened, then how on earth did you ever get stuck, and then get unstuck somehow when the sun came up?  And if nothing happened, why does it sound like you used the exact same 'stuck' story on her that you told me you used on Sarah Steigen this summer?"
Renee said, "What did you do to Sarah Steigen?"
"Nothing, ma.  Why on earth," Jacob rolled his eyes at his mother's question and focused on Ethan, "would I want to mess with your girlfriend?"
"Because you have to, Jacob," Ethan said.  "Because if she was in your truck, you would try.  You smelled like beer when you stepped out of the truck this morning, meaning you'd been drinking all night, even after you pretended to be stuck.  And I know you fed Tara as many beers as you could, just like Sarah.  If I know you, and I do."
Renee said, "Getting girls drunk.  You are a piece of work…"
"If this, if that," said Jacob.  "Ifs and butts, candy and nuts."
"Ray?" Renee said, prodding him, "Are you going to say anything?"
Ray said, "What did I tell you in the pasture today, Jacob?"
"That you were proud of me."
"That you had were a sneaky little shit.  Isn't that what I said?  I should have broke your nose."
"What?" Renee said, in disbelief.  "You gave him the bloody nose?"
"It was time," Ray said. 
"Time for what?" she asked.  
"For corrections," said Ray.  "And he may require a second round."
"My God," said Renee, closing her eyes, "what family is this?"
"Just say it, Jacob," Ethan said.  "Just say you did it."
Jacob said, "I didn't do nothin'."
"That's a yes, you idiot," said Ethan, "and that's good enough for me.  Since anything else you say will be a lie.  I should have let you drown in the pond."
"You should have."
Stories untold were now emerging and filling Renee with questions until she nearly swooned.  Events between the boys and their father had been kept from her.  Strange and unsavory happenings withheld, information that she could not respond to but only ingest, and she witnessed her sons slip beyond her control.  Her command of the family room became part of a remote past, with sordid events clouding times like those when the boys watched the Dukes of Hazzard side-by-side on the floor leaning on their elbows, pajama feet in the air. 
"All you've ever been is a liar," said Ethan.  "All the times I covered for you.  Just say you made a move on her, be honest for once."
"I didn't touch her."  Jacob became annoyed with Ethan's accusations, reminding him of childhood bossing when Ethan issued commands while they performed chores, or when they served together as altar boys.  
"Can you even pretend that you didn't try?" Ethan said.  "Six hours in the pickup together, pouring beer down her throat, and you didn't scoot over, not once, to try one of your tested date-rape moves?"
"I didn't touch her," said Jacob, with a serious face.  And the next remark slipped out of him before he realized it escaped.  "She touched me."
"She…"  Ethan stopped.  "What'd you say?"
Renee closed her eyes and let her head fall to her chest.  A moment of potential energy bent in the air as Ethan's face turned slap-red.  A coming rage mounted in the older son.  Ray stood up, seeing the physical change in Ethan.  Too slowly Ray stood, reaching to intercept Ethan's wild charge across the carpet.  Jacob did not move, but waited for his brother's revenge with a blank stare.  And the fist of Ethan rained on Jacob's collarbone, smashing the younger brother in the chair.  Jacob tumbled onto the floor, doubled over on his knees.  
In a bear-hug, Ray picked up Ethan and carried him outside, just as he had in the past carried Jacob and Renee outside when emotions turned wildcat – but never before with Ethan.  He pushed Ethan out the door, locked the deadbolt, and listened to Ethan punch the door several times before returning to the living room to assess the damage.  And if Ethan's blow was insufficient, Ray intended to apply more pain to the worthless boy. 
He found Jacob on the carpet, on his knees, panting.  
"That," said Ray, touching the collarbone hard and feeling for the break, causing Jacob to writhe, "that right there is the end of football season.  I heard the crack.  That right there is the end of wrestling season for you, too.  While you're down, I should go get the snips and the torch and take care of your primary problem between your legs.  That'd fix you for good.  Afraid we'd have to cut off your tongue, too, if we were to have any success – maybe your whole head.  Get up and put your shoes on, Jacob, because you are going to church.  Matter of fact, we're all going."  Ray looked at Renee, who knelt by the couch, facing away from him, crouched over her knees.  "On second thought, Renee, why don't you stay here."  
Agonizing, Renee could not respond.  All memories of the boys in living room – of Christmas mornings, Friday nights with popcorn, the Minnesota Twins winning the World Series, helping with homework, building blanket forts – all overshadowed by Jacob's announcement and Ethan's fist, and the very idea of Ray striking Jacob in a test of manhood made her feel alien in her own house, and worse, as hillbilly as the neighboring Frye family. 
Jacob leaned back with his hand on his elbow, keeping his bones close together to ease the pain, a grimace on his lips.  
"Oh, rub your shoulder," said Ray, mocking Jacob.  "Cry abuse to the priest when you get there, but tell him I did it, not Ethan.  Don't accuse your brother, just blame me when you start your whining.  Corn crop is about done, and I ain't busy this winter as long as I got Judd to milk the cows.  I can winter in jail.  Never been jailed, not in this country, but I ain't scared to try it.  Let them haul me away, Jacob – then you can play the victim, even though you just stabbed your brother in the back.  What did I say about that?  What did I say you would do?"
"You said I was no good," said Jacob, holding his elbow, unable to lift his arm any higher.  "But I already done it.  I know I deserved it.  I deserved it."  He leaned back and forth, wavering on his knees.  "I ain't gonna rat anyone out – "  He stopped to groan.  Jacob said, "I know it was right, I had it comin'."
"Get your shoes on and get out to the pickup, so you can tell the priest.  We'll take the flatbed truck.  And you can ride in the back, too, in the pen."  
"In the bed?  There's calf shit all over it.  Can't we take my truck?  Or mom's car"
"I'm not riding in your truck.  That would be comfortable.  You aren't riding in any closed space with me and Ethan.  Freeze in the wind for all I care, we'll drop you off at the graveyard if you don't make it, give the devil his due.  Probably rubbing his hands together, waitin' on you."

In the yard, Ray grabbed Ethan's arm and walked him to the pickup, guiding him into the front seat, telling him, "I gotta good mind to put one name on that will this afternoon, and it ain't Jacob."
"She was a virgin," said Ethan.  
"I see," Ray said.  "I see.  Damn him to hell.  Ethan, God sees you.  He's sees this, and He sees who is right here today.  His eye is on you, this instant.  He never blinks and He knows – of that I am certain.  If lightning strikes Jacob on our way to the church, his trespasses will not be forgiven."  
"I'm not going to church," said Ethan.  
"Yes you are."
"What good is that gonna do?"
"It's the only thing to do."
Reluctantly, Ethan stepped inside the pickup.  Ray said to Jacob, "What are you waiting on?  Get in the back."
"Can you boost me up so I can crawl in?" said Jacob.  "I can't even lift my arm."
"Got two legs don't you?  Got an anchor strapped to your ass?" said Ray, quoting an old Navy insult, one he had learned from a wise sailor when the infantry waddled off the ship to dock and a private first-class had bitched about his rucksack's weight.  "If you don't roll into the truck," Ray said, "I gotta mind to get some rope and drag you to church.  Now isn't the time to find out if I'm bluffing, Jacob.  Ask the sun to stop moving, but don't test me today."  
"Can't we go to the doctor, first?"
"Doctor can't help you in hell," said Ray.  He relented, adding, "We'll buzz by Parker's office  later.  First things first.  Collarbone breaks aren't life threatening."
Using one arm, Jacob gripped the wooden truck bed, and slid his leg over the back until he tumbled onto the planks.  Wet feed stuck to the truck bed mixing with rain and manure.  Jacob rolled over to his back, covering himself in oats, chaff, and dung.  When the truck lurched forward, Jacob groaned, staring at the gray sky and wondering why he had spoken to Ethan that way.  No reason came to mind, other than that his mouth operated alone, his mood in control, with the rest of his self slave to the mood.  He thought of football.  Wrestling.  A senior year in ruins.  And finally he no longer felt strong.  Ray's day of education, a success at last. 
Chapter 23.  

On the way to the church, Ethan leaned his chin on his palm.  Nothing to say, he watched telephone poles and the white line of the road.  Rosanne Cash sang on the crackly AM radio, Tennessee Flat-Top Box.  Clouds started to thin in the sky, the sun punching through.  A tractor crawled in the fields of a mumbling farmer named John Barker.  Behind the tractor, a manure spreader flung its payload into the autumn wind.     

At church, several cars were sitting in the parking lot with their trunks open.  Kids in costumes moved from vehicle to vehicle, collecting candy, part of an event called Harvest Halloween, one of Father Packard's imports to Immaculate, with the aim of making trick-or-treating less secular.  Few took part in this initial year of trunk-or-treating.  The priest wandered the parking lot, chatting with different children and their parents who stood beside cars handing out candy.  The thin priest wore his black shirt and black pants, but on his head he wore a strange stocking cap with braids that twizzled past his ears, a fashion that Ray eyed with suspicion.  
"Father," said Ray.  
"Ray," said the priest, "Thanks for coming."
"Oh, I'm not here for the..." Ray said, waving his hand at the parents, but unable to think of the term, "...whatever it's called.  I'm here for a confession, Father.  I need you to hear a couple of them.  It'll take five minutes."
"I have the schedule posted for when I take confessions," Father Packard replied in a gentle tone, his accent from the suburbs.  "If you come back in a few hours, Ray, I'll be in the Sacristy."
"No," said Ray, uneasy about the braids on the priest's stocking cap, barely able to withhold his temper.  "Now would be better.  The boys, buck-wild today, they got something to confess.  I can help out here, supervise while you go inside."  Ray could not hide his aversion for the young priest.  Mostly, he disliked the new priest because he was not Father Dimer, who would have dropped everything to hear a confession at once, and doing so, would somehow make sense of the world.  
"In a few hours, Ray…"
"Get in the damn Sacristy," Ray blurted, pointing at the doors of the church and the stone-carved words: Annunciation – Conception – Assumption. 
Father Packard drew back fearfully from his largest parishioner.  
"If you would, Father please, get in the Sacristy, before I blow a gasket." He added, "You can hear my confession right after these two, but I'm not a patient man today."
"I can see that," said Father Packard.  "I do not appreciate the language.  But if it's that important, please send one in at a time.  However, I will only listen to you if you settle down.  Really, Ray, it's not appropriate."
"I'll see what I can do about that," said Ray.  "Jacob, go inside with Father.  And Father – if Jacob has trouble getting started, just ask him about his brother's girlfriend.  That should grease the bearings of conversation."
Through the church doors, Ray dabbed his fingers in the holy water and made the Sign of the Cross.  Ethan sat down in the rear pew, while his agitated father hobbled back and forth in the aisle. 
From the back of the church, Ethan observed the markings around the altar, the candles, recalling the striking moment he had experienced during a Sunday Mass at the age of ten, not long after he learned about Josh Werther being his real father.  Early one spring morning before church, Ethan walked through the fields behind the Marak farm, alone, checking his gopher traps, shoving dirt around with his hands, occasionally finding one of the traps tripped, with a glass-eyed gopher locked inside, its spine busted.  Seedlings of corn and soybeans sprouted, reaching out of the earth.  With his knife he dug up a corn plant, imitating his father, to inspect the roots, not entirely sure what to look for, but knowing that seeing and touching a sprouted root gave his father great relief each spring.  After he checked and reset all of his traps, he ventured into the woods and sat on a stump above the pond to clip the paws off the dead rodents.  Each paw was redeemable for a small amount of cash, paid out by farmers who desired to rid the earth of gopher mounds that damaged expensive machinery.  Trapping had earned Ethan several hundred dollars, money that he had to share with Jacob, who rarely, if ever, walked the traps.  
The snap of the pincers on the gophers' wrists made a quiet, dull noise in the woods.  The curled paws fell into Ethan's waiting hand, and he snipped several paws but stopped when he heard a soft noise behind him in a thicket of spring weeds, not yet knee-high.  With the pincers in hand, held at the ready, he stepped lightly toward the thicket, expecting to chase out a raccoon, but instead found a fawn prone on the ground, staring up at him.  To his amazement, the fawn did not run but lay still.  Tempted to touch it, Ethan stopped his hand, worrying that his scent would cause the mother to abandon the fawn, if the mother had not already done just that.  But he stared for some time into the animal's serene face and felt a spiritual calm overcome him.  A brief sensation, but an unnatural calm, an awe of sorts.  A snort in the woods interrupted this calm.  Ethan backed away from the fawn, to crouch behind the stump near his pail of gophers and paws.  
A group of deer emerged, with a large buck in the rear.  They stole through the valley toward the pond, dipping their noses into the water, unaware of Ethan's presence.  Having spent hundreds of days in the fields and woods, and having seen many deer, the event might have passed as merely picturesque, but after drinking from the pond, the deer traveled up the hill to collect the fawn, doing so right under Ethan's watch from behind the stump, which, he assumed, by pure luck was positioned upwind from the keen noses of the deer.  The herd moved on, with the fawn following in uneven steps.  The whole event took no more than a minute, but moved Ethan long afterward, stirring a sensation of interconnectedness between nature and possibly heaven, or a spirit of the earth – he did not know which direction the feeling came from – heaven, or earth.  But the extraordinary event created wonder and confusion in an otherwise methodical mind.  
After the incident, in the house, Ethan put on his best church clothes – his only church clothes – and did not tell anyone about the fawn, but he continued to think on the fawn until he reached the church, where people cried and hugged one another in the parking lot.  By the time the Marak family reached the front steps, the source of sorrow became known to them.  One of Ethan's classmates, Joey Shara, had died during the night, in a car accident, on a soft shoulder of a gravel road.  The boy's locker at school was two doors down from Ethan's.  The road had not yet been graded since winter's thaw.  The wheel of the car caught the ditch bank and tumbled upside down.  
Distraught by the news, Renee took her sons to the front of the church to light a candle for Ethan's friend.  Ethan lit the match and the candle flame flickered in front of him while he said a prayer.  They took their seats.  The Mass was dedicated to the boy, who was something of a class clown, full of mischief of the innocent variety.  Sadness overwhelmed the parish – the Sunday became a funeral before the funeral.  But rather than listen to Father Dimer, Ethan watched his candle flicker and thought of the mysterious event with the fawn that morning, deciding during the Eucharist that something about the fawn's face made him feel close to his friend, a rich feeling unknown to him before that morning.  A coincidence, or a sign, all too strange, and it was the only angelic or spirited experience of his life.  Most odd, the feeling in the woods occurred prior to his knowing about the car accident – and the possibility of foreknowledge caused an increase of faith in him, since he could not connect the dots any other way.  
From that day onward, Ethan became a careful reader of his children's Bible, reading the entire book, before moving on to his mother's Bible.  This frequent reading of scripture led to speculation among family and friends that Ethan Marak would go on to become the fourth priest to originate from the town of Immaculate.
But five years after the experience, his careful reading began to cause problems of its own.  From age ten to fifteen, starting from the day in the woods, his faith doubled.  But erosion happened from age fifteen to twenty, quickening after Confirmation, as he wondered how to believe that Joshua shouted at the sun and stopped it from progressing across the sky.  Or how Elijah's flaming chariot took to the air.  These and other passages and footnotes in his Confirmation Bible made him pause, since he took a literal interpretation of the miracles and mysteries.  Small misgivings began to snowball.  The yoke of Immaculate kept his thoughts between certain lines.  But leaving home for college, doubt approached critical mass.  How ideas can change.  The world was once flat.  An entire cosmology eroding, causing much anxiety in him, between warring thoughts of the heart and the head.     
  
Still pacing back and forth, Ray heard footsteps coming up the stairs in the rear of the church and waited to see who ascended.  
Josh Werther emerged with his children in tow, none of them in their Halloween costumes.  
"Werther," said Ray, surprised.  "What are you doing here?  Your kids were just at my house not more than an hour ago.  Where were you?"
"Busy," Josh said. 
Rhea grabbed Ray's leg and touched the boot that housed his bad ankle.  She said, "I'm sorry," and peered up at him.
"Enough with the apologies, little girl, I'm the one who's sorry.  Forget about all that."  Dawn and Bryce played tag in church pews, their squeals echoing in the rounded ceiling, but Rhea kneeled in the pew next to Ethan and whispered her bedtime prayers.  The girl drew a smile from Ethan and he tousled her hair while she prayed, but she continued praying, undistracted, eager to show her piety.  "You're a regular Laura Ingalls."
Rhea turned to him and beamed, "You think so?"
Ethan nodded, smiling at her, since no other girl that he knew would find a comparison to Laura Ingalls a compliment, not in 1992.

Josh said to Ray, "I volunteered to help set up the pumpkin display in the basement of the church, for tomorrow, for the pie-bake.  I had to bring the little ones with me, since Kathy," he paused, having put his wife out of mind, "Kathy, she had some errands to run."  Josh waved at Ethan, who nodded but did not move from the pew. 
"Ray, my apologies about the girls in the field.  I'll pay damages for the downed corn."  
"No you won't.  It's all done now.  As long as that girl didn't get hurt, that's all that matters.  No more on it."
"Sure, sure.  Appreciate that, Ray, I won't bring it up again, what's done is done.  What brings you out here?  Aren't the boys a little old for Halloween." 
"Not too old to act like monsters.  Kids today, I tell you what, not like it used to be.  You all right, Josh?"  Ray looked at the banker's face, languid and pale.  "You got the wasting disease?  You don't look right."
"I'm in my own mood," said Josh, calmly switching the subject, burying his problems as the local norm mandated.  "Something going around today.  Say, I never said congratulations to you on making that last payment."
Ray inhaled.  "I'm not under your thumb, after twenty-two years.  Now I can enjoy the good life of no payments."
"Heard that one before," said Josh, thinking of how no one stayed out of debt for long.  "It seems the good life can always be better with new equipment."
"I suppose so.  Just glad I managed it, made it through those lean years.  Didn't go buying every new piece of machinery with green paint, like some guys."
"That makes you a dying breed.  But you get credit for it.  Now you can buy those things.  Can write you just about any check now for staying out of the candy store all those years.  In fact," Josh said, leaning toward Ray and taking a suggestive tone, "if you want to grow, there's a place for sale that needs a good steward.  Boskie.  I could get you a good rate, for a preferred customer, of course."
"I ain't ready to go into debt again.  Not just yet.  And I'd like to think I earned my way, that maybe I managed things right and got a blessing from above."
Josh continued his pitch.  "Boskie's farm would be no financial burden to you, since you can produce nearly two hundred bushels per acre on that soil.  Best land in the county.  People drive by just to see the corn on that acreage.  That's not a burden, it's a sail." Josh laughed.  "And Ray, you may have been blessed, but that would mean someone up above didn't bless guys like Henry McSorley and Tad Swenson.  And I think those two logged more hours on kneelers than anyone.  Even more than you, Ray."
Josh continued with a straight face, seeing Ray short on humor, and by continuing on the subject lost his other point of finding another buyer for the Boskie farm.  "Tad Swenson, his seeds didn't sprout in '83, and Henry, well, he just didn't have the right insurance policy when the winds came.  That's all that made him move to town.  One addendum to his policy, he'd have stayed farming.  Those two ran square operations and they still ended up selling to the Yaren boys."
"I don't know," said Ray, adjusting his belt, looking to the front of the church for Jacob, hoping Packard would hurry up and absolve the little lecher.  "Did you have to bring up Henry and Tad and put damn flies in my soup?  Hard to enjoy something when you take one load off my shoulders and saddle me with a new one."
"Call it a blessing or what you like, Ray, a lot of fellows can't say the same."
"I feel for 'em," said Ray, half-heartedly.  "But I had to scrimp and save to make payments.  Makes a man into a bitter thing, squeaking by all the time."
Josh smiled.  "Well, perhaps the Lord has his motives.  I don't know."
"Don't you have some pumpkins to stack?"
Josh laughed.  "See you later, Ray. Think about that farm.  It could be yours, with a special interest rate."  Josh leaned over the rear pew to speak to his son, Ethan.  "Stop out and say hello if you have time this weekend."  
Ethan nodded and said, "I'll try," keeping his head facing the front of the church, uncomfortable in facing both of his fathers at the same time.
Josh said, "Rhea, let's go get another pumpkin."  Then Josh raised his voice.  "Girls!  Bryce!  Bryce, don't tear a page out of that book.  Come here, now.  Don't make me count to three."  The toddler ran to Josh with his arms raised, to be held, but when Josh lifted him, the boy lunged backward immediately, causing Josh to react and pull him tight.  "No more of that, Bryce."  Walking away with the smiling boy, Josh added, "One of these days I won't catch you in time.  Then you'll be sorry."  
Ray watched Josh moving toward the staircase that led to the basement, churling at the mention of Tad and Henry.  

Josh did not go five steps before he ran into a woman, Ms. Thornton.  She met Josh at the top of the stairs, accosting him and his children.  Her long gray hair rested on her shoulders, along with the string from her reading glasses. 
"Mr. Werther," she said.  "Aren't your children taking part in the trunk-or-treating?"
Josh said, "No, Ms. Thornton.  The girls will be going out later tonight."
"I see," said the woman.  "And what are you going to dress up as this year?  Dawn?  Rhea?"
"I'm going to be a spider."  Wendy smiled, exposing her gapped and uneven mix of baby teeth and adult teeth.
"And I'm a witch!"  Rhea said, excited about her costume again, until the gaze of Ms. Thornton scared her enough that she averted her eyes to the floor.
"Mr. Werther," said the woman, "are you aware of what the occult is, and what you are allowing in your house?"
"Excuse me?" said Josh, taken aback at the implication.
The woman said, "Allowing a girl to play witch, celebrating what's evil and letting Halloween usurp the celebration of the Harvest…"
"Girls, go downstairs," said Josh.  "Take those pumpkins down the steps."
Dawn said, "What's she talking about?"
"Go," said Josh, and commanded them downward, waiting until their footsteps faded.  Holding Bryce by the wrist, Josh said to the woman, "Were it not for you, Ms. Thornton, I would never have heard of the occult, or pagan rituals, or anything Satanic at all.  Of all the crazy things you worry about – I would be blissfully unaware of the evils you tell around here.  Where do you think the Rogers' kids even got the idea to burn a pentagram in that hayfield, if not from you?"
"Would you prefer to carry out evil without knowing about it?  Children are sheep amidst the devil's wolves, Mr. Werther, with people trying to make a dollar selling polyester witchcraft and..."
Josh interrupted her.  "If evil, Ms. Thornton, is little kids dressing up in costumes for one night in a year, so that they can get some chocolate and stay up late – if that's evil, then yes, I will gladly carry it out."
"Josh Werther," she said, holding up her hand, closing her eyes, "may you see the light…"
He raised his hand to match her, chanting, "Yes, I will abandon the evil ways of the carameled apples and popcorn balls."  Stepping past the woman, he whispering in her ear, "Happy Halloween, you nut."


Doing his best to mask his pain, Jacob settled gently into a wooden chair in the dimly lit Sacristy, sitting across from Father Packard, who removed his braided stocking cap and set it on another chair.  Oats fell from Jacob's dirty clothes onto the red carpet underfoot.  A picture on the wall caught Jacob's eye, one with Father Packard standing next to a man in what appeared to be a clown suit.  
"Is that you, Father?"
"Yes, it is," Father Packard admitted, turning toward the photo with fondness.
"That's a serious clown there," said Jacob.  "What's he holding?  A staff?"
Father Packard's brow sunk and he inspected Jacob with incredulity.  "That's not a circus.  It's me standing next to one of the Swiss Guards."
"Swiss Guards, huh.  A trapeze act?  Or what do they do?  Drive little cars?"
"They guard the Pope.  That's me at the Vatican."
"Dressed like that?  Around the Pope?" asked Jacob, forgetting his shoulder for a moment, fascinated by the foppish garb.  "For real?"  This Papal fact was almost as unbelievable to Jacob as when he misheard the name "Boniface VII", replacing the "i" with "er" in his mind, causing him to titter with laughter during most of his Confirmation ceremony.
"Yes.  For real," said the priest, with a serious face, but then laughing and shaking his head, thinking about where the diocese had stationed him for his first flock.  This would get a laugh when he spoke to his friends from the seminary.  "Let's discuss what you're here for, Jacob.  Do you have something to tell me?"
"Let's see," he said, reverting to his usual confession routine.  "I swore a few times, and, I cheated on a test in school.  Didn't want to, but needed to pass the test to play football."
"I know that's not why you're here."  
"Why am I here, Father?"
"You tell me, Jacob."  
"Why we're here?  How would I know that?  I thought you would know that," said Jacob, restless in his chair, adjusting for the pain, trying not to gasp.  "I don't know why we're here any more than why cats like to fall asleep in machinery.  I just hope it's not the same answer to both questions."
"Fine, Jacob.  Why are we here?  We're here to love one another and serve the Lord.  And now let me re-phrase what I'm getting at.  Can you tell me why your Dad rushed you here?  And I know you deflect serious questions with humor.  You tend to be slippery, like mercury, when seriousness comes around.  And that's fine – it makes you fun, but usually there are underlying reasons for acting in such a way. One of them is insecurity.  Another reason is low self-esteem.  Please look at me, focus here," said Father Packard, connecting his attention to Jacob's.  "Don't dodge the issue.  I know that something happened.  I have a feeling it's important."
Jacob sighed and tried to stifle the pain in his shoulder and chest.  The gaze from the priest became intolerable to face after thirty seconds.  No smirk could budge Father Packard, no raising and dropping of the eyebrows.  The man was not open for humor, paralyzing Jacob's usual tactic.  A master of the staring contest, this Packard.  Jacob capitulated and turned his eyes away.  On the wall, next to the trapeze performer, a crucifix hung on the wall.  The downcast head of Jesus leaned in Jacob's direction.  As an altar boy, Jacob had spent many Sundays in the Sacristy, but never noticed the crucifix.  Most of the time in the room he had spent snooping in drawers, eating communion wafers as snacks, tasting the wine to be used that day in the Mass, dressing in the priests vestments and blessing small objects.  He had usually served Mass with Ethan.  Many times, Ethan had scolded Jacob for sacrilege during his pre-Mass curiosities.  From a cupboard, behind where the priest sat now, Jacob once stole an entire box of incense, just for the smell, so he could burn it at parties.  In a drawer at home, he kept his borrowed Psalter, which could now be considered stolen given the length of time in his possession.  
Father Packard said nothing.  Waited, Jacob thought, like he was waiting for the next pie at the bakery.  Jacob's sense of humor faltered under the priest's gaze.  He could not look at the priest, and letting his head droop hurt his collarbone, so he looked up instead, fixating on the crucifix.
"What's this about your brother's girlfriend?"
The angle of the crucifix seemed to lean toward Jacob.  The silence of the waiting priest, the pain in his body, the question lingering, all things coupling, until Jacob could not help but consider his actions of the day.  Exhausted and defeated, a sense of remorse overcame Jacob when he thought of what he had said to Ethan, what he had done to his own brother, who had even saved his life once, and so often covered for his sundry sins.  
"I made a mistake," Jacob started, still focused on the cross.  "And I'll do it again, because I can't help myself."  To Jacob's surprise, a lump entered his throat and he coughed to clear it.  "I messed up," he started but had to stop and adjust his shoulder, roll his neck, wince.  No football.  No wrestling.  Neither of those things mattered so much as amending with his brother.  
The priest leaned forward and put his elbows on his knees.  "Go on."
"You know in country songs," Jacob said, warbling, "they talk about burning bridges."  He continued, telling the truth for once, unfolding the day's events, until a tear ran down his cheek and he could say no more, and the priest put his hand on Jacob's hair and spoke the words of absolution with resolve, with finality, from the power vested in him, and Jacob suffered, for once.  The great game of life was paused in a timeout.  

When he left the Sacristy, Jacob knelt in the front pew of the church, to begin his prayerful homework assigned by Father Packard.  He did not glance at Ethan, who still sat stolid in the rear pew.  Jacob rested his forehead onto his folded hands and grimaced in pain, with a real sorrow, as real as he had known, a new sensation of contriteness knocked loose with the snap of his clavicle. 

Ray whispered, "Ethan, your turn."
"I'm not going."
"I know it wasn't your fault, but go talk, talk to someone who knows how to pray.  I don't know how."
"It sickens me," said Ethan, watching Jacob.  "Look at him.  Free of his sins now, for telling another lie to the priest."
"I know.  I know, but go on.  Go on now," said Ray, allowing gentleness into his voice.  "It's all we can do now, Ethan."
"This is ridiculous," said Ethan, getting up and walking down the aisle, toward the altar, and into the room where the priest waited in his chair.  
Movement in the church basement sounded through the carpeted floor of the priest's sanctuary, the sound of pumpkins dropping as Josh and his children moved about.  In no mood for confessing, Ethan only thought of Jacob's sins, and the many times he himself had aided and abetted the boy who cried wolf - only to become the victim of him.  Unable to sit, Ethan stood by the chair until Father Packard asked him to sit.  
"I don't think I can."
"I understand what happened," said Father Packard.
"No," said Ethan.  "You've only heard one of Jacob's tales that he spins for whoever happens to be his audience."
"He told me about Tara.  And what he said to you."  
"I'm sure he left out the one thing." 
"What would that be?"
"The truth.  He has a phobia for it."
The priest asked Ethan to sit again, but he declined, moving to the window to peer out a small section of transparency in the stained glass window showing the scene of Jesus teaching the elders at the moment when Mary interrupted.  Father Packard said, "I believe that Jacob understands now, that he has sinned against you."
"No, Father, he doesn't," said Ethan, turning toward the priest.  "He's tricked you, trust me."
"You must search for forgiveness, but in the meantime, he…"
"Forgiveness?" said Ethan, with a laugh.  "And did you grant it to him?  Said some words to make it all go away?"
Father Packard leaned back in his seat.  "I understand you are upset."
"Like nothing happened.  Like magic."  Ethan touched his thumb to his fingers and blew on his hand, extending his fingers with a puff of air.  "All better now, isn't it?  And now he can go out and do it again tomorrow.  Or tonight, he will be back at it.  But at least his place in heaven is preserved, until he kills someone.  But lucky for him, even with blood on his hands, he'll be able to come back and bow his head for two minutes and find God's lasting grace."
"Not a tone to take in this room," said Father Packard, quietly.  "Yes, your brother wronged you, that is clear.  Your brother, he came here to be forgiven, and you must come to forgive.  Perhaps not now, not today, but someday."
On the counter, a corked bottle of wine rested against the back wall, near an empty dish used to carry Holy Water to the priest after the blessing of the host.  Ethan picked up the bottle and held it in his hand.  "Is this bottle blessed?  Do you bless the entire bottle, or just the container during the Mass."
"Just what is used during Mass," said the priest, watching Ethan and not the bottle.
"So this is not the blood of Christ then?"
"No, it's not.  Please put that down."
"But on Sunday, a portion of this will be on stage out there," said Ethan, pointing to the altar outside the door, "and you will read some words and move your hands around, and then and only then, it will become the blood of Christ.  Is that how it works?"
"Not in those terms."
"But that's the basic idea.  That we eat the body and drink the blood – literally, the body, the blood, in some symbolic act."
"It's not symbolic.  It is the body and the blood."
"Of course," said Ethan.  "How could I forget?  Not symbolic.  It's real."
Father Packard stood up.  "I don't think now is the time for your confession.  Like your father, you need to come back when your agitation over the day's events has been curbed."
"No, I think this is the time," said Ethan, gently setting the bottle back onto the counter before the priest could grab it from him.  "This is the time.  I have questions."  
"Don't let the wrongs done against you today cloud your judgment.  Or your faith.  Even if you dislike me, which I sense among you and your father, don't let me or my personality be the deterrent of remaining faithful in the Church.  I am one man, not the Church.  Too often I meet young people who have chosen to disbelieve because of something bad that happened to them, or because of a sermon that they did not enjoy.  But theirs is not a true faith.  You must rise above it.  And you are a smart person – turn to Job and Jesus and read those words when the world has turned on you."
Ethan ignored the priest's reading suggestion.  "What Jacob did does not make me question my faith.  Rest assured, Father, bad cards in life will not cause loss of faith, not for me.  Bad luck, I don't blame God for that."
"I am relieved to hear that," said Father Packard, shifting his hands, hoping to escort Ethan out of the room, sensing irrationality, not penance.  "Let's get together on Sunday…" 
"What does make me question my faith is simple things."
"Are you certain now is the time?"
Ethan nodded and sat in the chair for a moment, but then stood again, going back to the wine bottle.  "If the Transubstantiation were symbolic, then I could stand it, maybe.  Maybe then.  But to call it blood and flesh, literally, when anyone can taste a dry wafer and sour wine – I am reminded of the Emperor's New Clothes for admitting what all can see with their eyes but won't admit."
"There is more to faith than Transubstantiation," said Father Packard.  
"Yes, I know.  It's not just the wine," said Ethan, growing bold, freeing the ruminations that kept him awake at night after studying biology, history, or any course, since the funnel of his thoughts returned to fundamental questions.  "As a child in school, you are taught to think critically, not just in school, but for all aspects of life – on the farm, in math class, sports, even in English and Social Studies.  Even in crossing the street – believe what you can see, what's there.  But one part of your mind must stay reserved, like it's in a museum.  Where criticism cannot enter.  And that is for the miracles.  How can I solve a math problem in school on Friday and rack my brain for the answer, and on Sunday be told that a Virgin gave birth, that a dead man rose from the dead, and that the Universe was created in six days a few thousand years ago?"  
The priest did not answer but let Ethan go on.  
"The ideas cannot live together, Father.  Not for me.  Not anymore."  
"You want proof, just as the man who asked Jesus to come down from the cross – so that he could believe."
"Yes."
"In that case, your father understands faith better than you do."
"In what way?"
"He understands it absolutely.  You understand it relatively.  I actually admire your father, when he's not cursing in the parking lot."
"You mean he accepts without question.  But he doesn't understand how speciation occurs, how beaks of birds came to differ, how life can be so varied.  He doesn't know how plate tectonics pushed slowly apart, a fingernail's length per year, forcing adaptations over long periods of time.  How systems overlap, how much time and how many generations of life have passed.  Ice ages, meteors, adaptations, extinctions, natural selection, cell processes, DNA damage and repair, the vast and complex systems that underpin everything that we see.  And once I've learned of all these things, how am I supposed to read in wonder about the six days and not be reminded of Mother Goose?"
Father Packard said, "May I tell you something?"
"Please, Father," said Ethan, shoving his hands in his pockets and leaning against the counter.  
"Since science seems to be on your mind, did you know that much of the world's astronomy research is funded by the Church?  And since evolution in particular seems to be a topic, would you believe that Rome agrees with evolution?"
"How?"  In disbelief, Ethan raised his hands to chest height.  "How can they?"  He moved to the radiator near the stained glass window, shocked at the idea.  He looked back.  "How can they possibly allow for it?"  
"Because evolution fits," said Father Packard.  "There is still the creation of the Universe, as well as the moment when mankind evolved."
Ethan stared at Father Packard's eyes.  He had never stared at a priest before, always looking away like a dog at its owner.  "I don't know what to make of that.  You mean…what are you saying?  That Adam and Eve…still happened?"
"There is a place for both science and religion.  There is room.  There is not a struggle between them, but a synergy, toward the same truth."
"No," said Ethan, shaking his head, "it's another set of clothing that isn't there.  It just means the six days story is being mutated.  Evolved itself.  To fit the findings.  To fit the facts as they come forward – and it will continue to evolve each year, as it must, since surely the Pope cannot come out and say that 'Yes!'", Ethan lifted the bottle again, "'This is just normal wine you are drinking, you fools.'"  
"Again with the wine," said Father Packard, unmoving in his seat.  "What does the wine have to do with science?  The wine has to do with faith."
Not listening, Ethan swirled the bottle and watched the red liquid spin inside.  "So you're saying there are two central points yet, or three.  Day one, God created the universe, possibly multiple universes, and matter, perhaps antimatter.  Day two, formation of galaxies and solar systems."  He swirled some more.  "Trilobytes, the Cambrian explosion…and man – not from dust anymore – but a retooled ape, anointed as Adam."  Ethan snorted.  "And somewhere along the way, he created religion, for convenience.  And don't forget the invention of language to explain away scriptural differences, where in one case the tombstone was rolled back without cause, in another, an earthquake rolled it.  Where in one Gospel the rocks split and the veil is torn, but in another the sun gets blotted out. In one he says It is finished and in another he cries out Why have you forsaken me.  Which was it then?  Was he forsaken or not forsaken?  Was the veil of the temple torn, or wasn't it?"  
"It's both."
"No.  It's whatever you want it to be.  And whoever wants to interpret it, can do so according to his biases and claim to know God."
Father Packard smiled.  "I would like to discuss your concerns in greater length.  Smarter men than you and I, Ethan, have considered the questions you have, debating doctrine, inspecting the nuances of the different Gospels.  But trivializing it says more about you than any doctrine.  I would be willing to go over your questions, even find references for you to read.  It's good that you read deeply into your Bible."
"And Paul.  How can your most central points come from someone other than Jesus himself?"
"It was revealed to him," Father Packard said.  "It is not like how the scientist discovers the radio wave or a process within the cell.  The Word is given to the Prophet."
Ethan shrugged.  "Crazy people claim the same thing, right in Minneapolis, right now on the street corners." 
"It's not as simple as you think.  Volumes have been written arguing these subjects, for two thousand years," said the priest, pausing to make sure he could speak further without interruption.  "Do you think others before you haven't inspected these ideas to their finest depth, traced all words in the scripture to scrape for meaning?  Your questions are not new.  Especially at your age.  But you will find answers to all of these questions if you only look for them."
"I once thought the Bible had fallen from the sky, but it was written by men."
"Who were inspired by God."
"Yet they didn't know what a rainbow was.  Or pi.  Or stars.  They didn't know much of anything.  Nothing was revealed to them.  They made things up.  Only through modern science has anything been revealed."
"What does pi, or the makeup of stars, have to do with spirituality?" asked Father Packard.  "You are talking about measurable things, not what lies beyond our grasp, no matter how far our reach.  Faith comes from the heart, not the mind."
"But our reach keeps extending," Ethan said sharply, "and it makes it obvious that the stories are…just stories.  If the Edomites had written the book, I imagine that they would have been the chosen people."
"You may see far with science, Ethan," said the priest, crossing his legs, "but you will never see all the way.  Not by reason alone.  You can't.  Even if you look your whole life."
"No," said Ethan, "but I can't continue to look for answers where I'm finding none."
 "You will find your faith, Ethan," Father Packard pursed his lips when he was interrupted again.  
"I've lost it."  Ethan set the bottle down hard on the counter and walked to the door.  "And I'm sorry for losing God, but there's nothing to be done about it now.  I didn't plan it, and I wish I could, I wish I could put the genie back in the bottle.  But it's not possible now.  It's too late.  Now it's all a mess for me.  Goodbye, Father."  

Ethan stormed down the aisle of the church to the back row once again.  Ray stood up from his pew and walked in to see Father Packard.  Peering into the Sacristy, he entered quietly, as if a lion awaited, setting a foot on the plush carpet, worried about the cleanliness of his boots.  Confessions usually took place in another room with Father Dimer, not the private area of the priest that smelled of incense.  The room had always been a secret to Ray.  
"I've calmed down," Ray said, letting his hands hang flat at his sides.  "But I don't need to sit.  I know you need to get back outside."
"I have time, Ray."  
"Another time, Father.  I wanted them to see you."
"I'm concerned about your son."
"Jacob has his problems, but we'll work on it."
"Not Jacob," said the priest.  
"Ethan?  Nothing wrong with that one, it's the other one."
"You had better talk to him."
"About what?"
"About his faith."
Ray leaned back and saw Jacob praying in the front pew, while Ethan stood in the back of the church ready to leave.  "I'll talk to him."
"Are you sure you don't want to sit?"
"No," said Ray.  "I can tell you from here what you already know.  I'm an impatient ass.  Plus the usual, those bodies in the war that still haunt me.  That about covers it.  See you at Mass."  

Chapter 24. 

"What's so urgent?" asked Tommy, bleary-eyed, wearing a baby blue bathrobe and a five-o-clock shadow.  On his injured hand, he wore a purple glove. 
Judd observed the attire and asked, "Did I stop at a bad time?"
"It's a housecoat."  Tommy extended his hands, showing Judd the full length of the bathrobe, down to his hairy legs and yellow toenails.  He defended himself.  "I see you wondering.  It's not a dress.  I only wear those in private.  Behind closed doors, while I dance with a full-length mirror.  Does that bother you, Judd?"
"Yes, but I don't care at the moment.  I'm gonna buy a farm," Judd said, stepping past his cousin, into the house.  
"With what?" said Tommy, following Judd past a Foghat poster on the living room wall.  "A song?  Can you sing?"
"Like a bird."
"Better be the saddest song I ever heard.  Only thing short of money and music that'll get you what you want in this world is plain old sexual favors." 
Judy, from the living room couch, said, "And you ain't got the right parts for that, Judd."  
"Judd, don't you know," said Tommy, "that the powers that be in the world, they have numbers, ratios, and ceilings – and – what I'm trying to say is math.  It's all figured out by…well, I don't know who, some dude in Minneapolis or Washington, I guess.  But the numbers, Judd…you can't outfox 'em.  And you're too damn uptight to sing the right way anyway.  You're liable to get irritated mid-beg before you make your point.  A short fuse is what you got," he said, wagging his little finger.  "That's what made you a good wrestler."
"I got a song today," Judd said.  "A different kind of song.  That's what I mean to talk to you about."  
"Speaking of which, let's have some music," said Tommy, moving to his stereo rack, shopping his stack of cassettes.  "As for me, Judd?  A song'll always tell me more about the world than numbers, and there ain't no songs that'll move me like a country song or heavy metal.  Fiddle, yes, distortion, yes.  Both soothe me in the…in the…what's it called…the vacuum?  The void.  You know?  It fixes me – there's a song for every problem.  What'll it be?  Waylon?  Or Megadeth?"
"Country," said Judd, sitting heavily in a La-Z-Boy recliner.  
"Dour then, dour, aren't you," said Tommy, reminding himself of a song by The Doors.  "Dour faces staring at me from the TV tower.  I want roses in my garden bower, you dig?  Do you know that tune, Judd?  I often think of that song when Jim Morrison says 'Dog-face men and their mean women,' I think Morrison must have visited Immaculate.  Do you think Jim Morrison ever passed through here?"  
"Are you feeling all right?" Judd asked, trying not to stare at Judy on the couch in her nightgown, her ankles rubbing together like a cricket, making little effort to hide the shadow in her thighs.  To avoid staring at her immodesty, Judd inventoried Tommy's possessions – the stereo, a new refrigerator, a new recliner, a large Sony TV.  Judd said, "There ain't no songs today that'll move me anyway, except likely to get under my skin.  And don't play no songs about a man that's got nothing, cause that's me."
"That's the tone!" said Tommy.  "Maybe you can sing.  Now you sound pathetic, that's a good start.  But you're not so underfoot as you sound.  Just use your head.  Quit gambling, for one.  Ok, I've selected Charlie Daniels, Southern charm, cuz I get stoned in the morning, and drunk in the afternoon.  Relax, cousin.  If you want to unpack your mind here with Judy and me, I have the medicine…"
"No," said Judd.  "Not today.  That'll just confuse me."  
"Pancho and Lefty, how about that song?"
"Whatever.  I know gambling's a dead end, I know it.  But sometimes gambling's the only way out I can see.  Just to get in the game.  I just want a stake in something."
"Need, want.  Want, need.  You got it that bad?  Just enjoy being alive.  Just be…just be…ah…you know…right?"  Tommy held his purple-gloved hand in his other palm and leaned over as he struggled for the correct word.  "Just be…content!  Content.  It's not like your some Mexican just dragged his wife and kids out of the Rio Grande to get here and work at a chicken plant for minimum wage.  You ain't missed any meals."  
"Yeah?" said Judd.  "Then why do I feel like a immigrant when I pass the likes of Werthers and Yarens on the street and feel like I gotta step down the curb to make way for 'em?"
"Werther?  Well, that's his job, he's tight for a reason.  And Yarens, do you really want what they have? Sure, new trucks and tractors, but they got more debt than the U.S. government.  So they got four sections of land, so what?  How's your lack of four thousand acres of land stopping you from being happy?  Talkin' like that.  You ain't dour, you're sour.  Hating everything and everyone.  Not much good living by your heart if it's hate.  I ride a Harley, and that means peace and harmony."
"Peace with a pricetag.  Just like everything else in this world.  You ain't no Harley man."  
"I am so," said Tommy, defensively.  The first verse of the song started and Tommy became lost in the music.  "Ah, listen to the guitar.  The piano in this song.  Christ, it makes me feel…feel…very present.   Very here, and now.  Here and now and now and here.  Feel my heart."  Judd yanked his hand away when Tommy groped at it.  "I feel like I'm really occurring…at this instant, this very second right…now.  Very present."  Tommy played mock piano on top of the couch, miming Stevie Wonder.  He switched to guitar, touching his stomach with his gloved hand, tapping fingers to palm on the unwounded hand.  "Something in this song, the chords, I don't know what.  All in a song.  I can't think of a better dollar spent in this world than on an album."
"You're stoned." 
"To the bejezus," Tommy said, breaking away from his musical rush.  "I didn't think it was that obvious.  You can tell?  I know why.  Cause I'm talking fast?  That's what happens when I smoke, I can feel the words and sentences piling up somewhere in this part of my head."  He touched the back of his head as if picking an apple.  "Some place in the back part of the skull, a vault of words, backing up in a convoy, and the only pressure release is mouth."  
"I've seen you stoned before, Tommy.  I know."
"My hand was hurting so I decided to tame the flesh, high-center myself on the mind for a few hours this afternoon.  Doc Parker, that Civil War sawbones smart-aleck, he didn't give me no proper pain prescription.  So I had to improvise, write my own meds – or I should say roll my own.  But even if I'm floating right now, I feel the same about this song any time…" He abruptly stopped talking and attempted to sing the melody, forgetting certain words.  "Shoot, I forgot which verse Merle was singing."  Just as abruptly, Tommy returned to an earlier thought.  "And I am so a Harley man, Judd.  I even got a tattoo that says so.  Judy can vouch for me.  Right, Jude?"
Judy lay on the couch staring at a music video, in a trance, locked into the TV, unjarred when Tommy waved a hand in front of her face.  Tommy said, "She seizes on occasion.  But in a nice way."
"I know how much you paid for that motorcycle," said Judd, and poking his chest, added, "Maybe I might like to walk into a dealership and buy something someday that ain't twenty years old and covered in rust.  And then, like you, just re-invent who I am.  My head!"  He slapped his palm against his forehead, "All that I see goes into my head, it keeps me up at night.  All I can think about is what I ain't got, and even more about what others got, and that includes you, Tommy.  Everybody else got to screw around when they were kids.  But they got nest-eggs waiting when they're ready to get serious about life.  What have I got since Dad let Grandpa's farm go?  Squat and shit, that's what.  You just don't see what I mean, because Hank had the nuts to make a bet on snowplows.  I've been dealing in nothing since mom put me in Salvation Army clothes and sent me to school."
"Wait.  What're you trying to say?" Tommy asked.  "That I didn't do nothin' with the business?"
"Well, did you?" Judd asked, examining Tommy's face.  "You tell me.  Was it you that started the business, or was it Hank's idea and you on piggyback?"
Tommy placed his hands in the pockets of his housecoat.  "It was Hank."
"You had someone make a play on your behalf – and now you got something to lay your head down on at night, a house." 
"It's not a fancy house."
"And something to think about each morning, a business.  That's what I'm trying to get – but I need a start.  I got no name.  And you're the closest thing I got to a benefactor.  I know we're only cousins, it ain't like being brothers, but…"
"What do you need?"
"A down payment."
"Talk to me.  I'm good for it.  I got your back.  Blood, water, thickness.  A stitch in time.  When the chips are down.  Motivational posters.  I'm seeing colors."  Tommy put a knee down on the carpet to catch his balance.  "But even with some money, how are you going to get Werther to approve anything for you?"
Seeing the opportunity opening, Judd produced the pictures and divulged his secret about Josh and Shannon.  After several minutes of flipping through the stack, Tommy closed his eyes.  "Let me call Hank."  He pulled a pack cigarettes out of his housecoat pocket and put one in his mouth, before sitting on the couch, and purposefully crossed his legs to disgust Judd.  "But no promises.  Hank doesn't like you all that much, you know, since you broke his antenna off his truck that night."

Chapter 25.  

Inside his garage, Hank Murphy warmed his hands, rubbing them near the propane flame under a turkey fryer, on which sat a five-gallon brew pot of boiling water.  "The rain makes me feel cold, Roy" Hank said, "even though it ain't cold.  We got fifty degrees to drop yet, Roy.  Ain't even cold and I'm shivery."  A dead deer hung from the rafters of the garage, its torso spread with a stick, exposing every rib.  Hank's hands were still red under the fingernails, with crimson in the skin of his knuckle folds from gutting the doe in the woods.  
Roy said, "Feels cold."
"Summer skin," Hank said, pulling on a sweatshirt.  "Glad you got that deer, Roy, because I wasn't going out again with my bow after today.  Start getting real cold soon."
"I didn't shoot it," Roy said, handling a bag of ingredients, waiting for Hank's command to pour the mix into the water.  
"Yeah, but I couldn't have shot it without you, Roy.  Got those wort buckets washed out, Roy?"
"Yes," Roy said, pointing to the drying rack in the front of the garage.  
"Good, good.  Best way to grow mold in the beer is to have dirty buckets.  Dirty buckets you get beer cheese.  That last batch I made, nearly went blind in one eye."
"I washed the carboys, too."
"I appreciate that," said Hank, snapping a tin of Copenhagen snuff in his hand.  "Don't need those today, Roy, but don't hurt to clean 'em, not one bit."  
On the radio, the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team trailed the Indiana Hoosiers, on their way to another loss.  While the announcer called the play, a car pulled into the driveway, a restored Monte Carlo, with shining rims and a flame painted on the side.  Hank said, "Roy, ask Tommy to lend a hand when he comes in, see what he says about that."
Judy was driving.  In the back seat, Judd Blanks did not move, did not get out of the car.  When Tommy opened the car door, Hank yelled, "You should slide over in the middle, Tommy, when you're riding with your girl, let her put her arm around you.  That way everyone would know you're in love.  Slide over and put your head on her shoulder."
"I'll do that next time."
Roy said, "Tommy, can you lend us a hand?"
"I'm laughing," said Tommy, holding up his bandaged hand, walking into the garage, "laughing on the inside."
"Wait, don't tell me," Hank said.  "I know how it all went down.  Don't tell me.  You were jumped by five skinheads, two brothers, three Chinamen, and Crazy Horse, all coming at you at once with knives and guns, throwing stars, pikes and pitchforks.  Am I right?  For no reason at all, three of them grabbed your arms – another started punching you.  But you fought them all off, broke free with some flip move and headlock, spun a pool cue at them like a Ninja Turtle, and all this just to protect Judy.  Took eight cops to take you down, and four cops are still in hospital beds, in the critical ward."  Hank added, "I wasn't there, but I know the story, you don't have to tell me, Tommy."  Hank put the snuff into his lip.  
Roy shook the ingredient bag, trying to get Hank's attention. 
"Not yet, Roy.  Kid can't wait to make beer.  Wife said I should teach him something, so this is arts and crafts day.  Bonding, that's what she wanted.  She said, 'don't just take him hunting or fishing again, why don't you take him out to the pumpkin patch and make a Jack-O-lantern?'  But we slung garbage and went hunting.  Then she finds us making beer out here and says 'I thought that turkey fryer was for making turkeys,' and I said, 'Have you ever seen me cook a turkey?'  But sure enough," said Hank, slapping a Butterball that sat on the floor next to the propane tank, "we're going to make a turkey today, too, after we get the beer yeasted, aren't we Roy?  Kill a deer and make beer and cook a dog-gone turkey all in the same day.  Marriage got me domesticated.  Didn't it, Roy?  We're best friends already, we don't need a pumpkin to be pals, do we, Roy?"
Roy nodded.  
"We'll try anything once.  We'll boil a turkey in three gallons of oil, see if we can't burn the garage down.  Roy don't give a hoot about pumpkins, or turkeys neither, all he wants to do is play guitar.  That's all he wants to do.  He's a natural.  When you hear Roy play the scales, you'll think of your first love.  Bends the strings and I want to give away my possessions.  His G-chord, you'll feel forever young and cry about every Sally you lost along the way."   
Roy said, "I know it ain't any good, but I'm working on it."
"You're great," Hank said.  "You're the best, Roy.  Did I tell you, Tommy?  Roy's coming to work for us this year, Tommy, did I tell you?"
"Work?" Judy said.  "How old are you, Roy?"
"Ten."
Hank spat.  "More than old enough to sweep the floor of the plow shed and change oil and fix tires.  Roy, did you tell Tommy about how you almost lost your eyebrows, Roy?"
"No."
"You should tell him," said Hank.  "Tell him how we were changing that truck tire and how it nearly shot to the moon when we sealed the bead.  Whoosh!  We sprayed the sidewall with hair spray and threw the match, hit the air, and bang!  A hundred pounds of rim and tire, airborne.  Rim, tire, air hose, my stomach, everything.  High as the mirrors on the truck.  Bam!  Flame went even higher.  Roy got a bit singed, since he threw the match.  Used a touch too much hair spray, didn't we Roy?  The tire came back down to earth and sure as a cat lands on its feet it rolled straight at us.  I'd be lying if I didn't tell you we ran like two girls flipped a rock and saw a sowbug.  That tire and rim rolled right into the bench and knocked over the oxygen tank on the torch setup.  Thank God that didn't explode, too.  Boy, did we laugh, both laying tits up on the shop floor.  Roy, you should tell Tommy about that day."
"How can he tell me the story," Tommy asked, "when you just told the whole thing?"
"There's more to it than that," said Hank.  "He'd have his own version of it, you know, everybody has a version."
"Roy," Tommy said, "I think you should know – it's normal to hate your stepfather.  Very normal.  Hank is missing one of those, what's it called – chroma – chromatic – one of those science terms."  
"Chromosomes?" said Judy.  
"Thank you, sweetheart," said Tommy.  "Can't say he's missing it because he never had it.  The minute his drunk parents rolled off each other in conceiving him, that chromersome slipped away, somewhere in the sheets."
"Same joke, every time," said Hank.  "To voluntarily be dumb, and not even know the words, it's exhausting to watch.  Judy, if Tommy has seemed funny or cute or original – he's not.  He's humorless.  He will die ugly.  He's like MASH episodes.  All repeats.  There aren't any new episodes coming out.  Yes, he'll show you the old episodes until you're eighty years old, but you already laughed at the jokes once.  After a while, you start to notice the sadness of the show more and more.  The best part is over, I promise.  From here on – should you get married, I mean – you'll be sitting in rocking chairs and through his false teeth he'll flap his gums about chromersomes while you change his diaper."
"So sensitive," said Tommy.  "Must have hit close to home.  Roy, part of your stepfather's affliction, is that he upsets easily, gets all balled up, constipated when he eats peanuts.  He gets edgy, goes limp, gets chills without a sweater, his hair falls out – oops, already gone, isn't it?  Sorry to bring that up, since it migrated from your head to your face and upper back.  He puts his pants on backwards, if he can even find them since your mom took them away.  He paints his toenails and wears pink underwear.  He…"
Roy said, "Gophers scored."
"They did?" said Tommy.  
"What's the score now?" asked Hank, turning up the radio.  "We ahead?"
"No," said Roy.  "Still down."
"Next year," said Hank, "mark my words, next year the Gophers won't suck as bad."
"We'll suck," said Tommy, "but not as hard.  We got that linebacker, and that wide receiver."
"Yep."
"Yep."
Tommy and Hank stared at each other for a moment.  
"Please don't agree with me," Hank said, turning off the propane tank so the flame extinguished in a puff.  "Ok, Roy, it's your time to shine.  I can see you itching to make that beer.  Pour that syrup into the water and start stirring."  To Judy, Hank said, "All the kid thinks about is work, getting stuff done, like I do.  Not like Tommy, who breaks his neck looking for a chair to set his ass down in."
Roy cut the top of the plastic bag with a scissors and dumped it into the brewpot, where the rolling boil had settled to a calm.  The hanging deer swayed gently overhead, hooves turning slightly, its cavity open for inspection, a trickle of blood on the hide from where the arrow had done through.  
With a long spoon, Roy started making circles in the water as the others watched in silence.  Silence, for a moment.  
"I should have played college football.  I remember when I played football," said Hank.  "I averaged twenty tackles a game."
"You only played in seventh grade," said Tommy.
"I didn't say I was playing for the Dallas Cowboys, just that I played."
Roy said, "I want to be like Jacob Marak."
"That's a ballplayer there," said Hank.  "That's how I used to play, Roy.  Like a champion.  Keep stirring, Roy."
"You never played at all, Hank.  You sat on the bench."
"Coach didn't like me," said Hank.  "Otherwise, who knows what jersey I'd be wearing today.  If I hadn't been ineligible for grades most of the time.  And the dope incident in my locker – that really pushed me back a year in skill development.  But if those things hadn't happened, if I could have got straight, I would have made it to the NFL.  Should have seen me that one day…boy…three touchdowns.  It was practice, but still…I was close to greatness."
"Close is only good in horseshoes and hand grenades," said Tommy.  
"Tommy – please.  Another cliché and I'll stick my head in that water," said Hank, nodding at the five gallon pot.  He noticed Judd Blanks in the car, staring out the windshield.  
"Tommy, let's talk, before I string myself up alongside that deer to ease the pain.  Let's get this over with."
Judy said, "I'll stay out here with Roy."  
The two owners of Immaculate Snowplow exited the back of the garage into a yard strewn with junk.  An old Mustang with no rims kneeled on its tie-rods, windows busted out from a wayward party some seven years ago.  It looked something like Hank, as his face started to show the years of hard living.  They stepped over a puddle, skipped over a broken lawnmower and some dirt-crusted toys of Roy's younger days that never made it to a garage sale.  Tommy offered a cigarette to Hank but he declined, already getting his nicotine fix orally.  Hank shook his head and closed his eyes.  
"I don't like it, Tommy."
Tommy lit the cigarette and put the lighter back in his pocket.  "I don't either," he said, "but it's not like we didn't get a hand up when we started."
"Doc Parker co-signed for us.  He didn't give us the down payment.  Judd wants both."
Tommy said, "Parker stuck his neck out, didn't he?"  He flicked the cigarette, a nervous habit, constantly ashing even without anything to ash.  "On a couple of nobodies."
"The only problem I have," said Hank, "is Judd.  I don't want to disrespect your family, but Judd, I don't know, what if he runs?  How many times has he left town with a girl, left his jobs.  Came back broke, tail between his legs.  He's a surly prick, no offense."
"He came back after he ran.  At least that tells you he's not going anywhere," said Tommy.  "I know he's a mess, same as I was."
"It's different from you, Tommy."
"How?"
"Because as dumb as you and I are, at least we always knew enough to finish whatever we were working on.  That's about the only thing I ever took seriously and it's served me well.  But your cousin…"
"Who are you kidding?" said Tommy.  "You skipped out on work plenty of times.  That road trip to see Ozzy?  Those girls from Illinois?  Even when we did show up on Mondays, we might have better served the boss staying home, hungover as we were.  Holier than thou, all of the sudden.  Judd's no different from us.  We all make mistakes, Hank.  That's why pencils have erasers."
"My aunt Clovis says that.  If you have to use a ridiculous saying that an old woman uses, at least add some four-letter words."
"Judd tells me that Josh Werther is willing to make the loan.  But Judd ain't got no scratch to put down, not even five percent.  All he needs is five percent."
''Werther's going to loan him the money?"  Hank wiped the corner of his mouth.  
"That's what Judd says.  He said it's not a done deal, but it's close."
"Close to done?  I don't believe it.  For which farm."
"Boskie."
Hank shook his head.  "No way.  Are they quartering the land?"
"No, he's buying all of it."
"Talk him out of it.  That's going to be a million dollars," Hank said, doing math in his head.  "What's he going to do for machinery?  John Deere don't do soup kitchen charity.  Can't work three hundred acres with a three-bottom plow."
"Sure he can," Tommy said, "with a little help."
"Help from who, friends?  Friends still charge by the hour," said Hank.  "Or the acre."
Tommy said, "He can make it work.  He's been farming his whole life."
"When somebody who I don't really trust, or even like, needs fifty thousand dollars,  money that we saved from scraping by for ten years while we paid off those first six plows and dump trucks, I think I'm entitled to wonder if Judd Blanks can meet ends on a nine percent, million dollar loan."
"Half million.  You think tightass Werther would allow it if he didn't think Judd could handle it?"
"That's right.  I don't think Werther said yes.  I think something's up.  I can see the movement in your oversized ears, which usually means you ain't telling me everything."
"Well," Tommy hemmed and hawed, focusing on his cigarette.  "There is something else." 
"Yeah, thought so.  Something else, like your cousin robbed a bank, or something else, like he's running kilos of drugs from Texas to St. Paul for cash.  Just something like that, I can tell."
"Ain't nothing like that," said Tommy.  "Werther's boffing Shannon Hoffman."
Hank put his hands on his hips.  "That dog."  
"Yeah, I know.  I wish I'd have known she was a wildcat.  I might have been inclined to pursue."
"What?" said Hank.  "I'm not talking about trying to sleep with her.  Jack Hoffman's my friend.  I been drunk many times with Jack Hoffman.  Can't go sleep with another man's wife."
"Hank, you've done it before."
"Not in this town.  In the old days, not any more.  And not since I myself was married.  Yeah, before I was married, but then I wasn't doing nothing wrong cause I wasn't the married one."
"You know, that's interesting, because I've often wondered how the coveting rules work in that commandment.  Can you still covet if you're not married, or only not covet if you are married?  What if you covet someone who is coveting you, then do the covets cancel each other out?"
"How you didn't get sent to a group home, I'll never know.  What's Werther sleeping around got to do with your cousin?"
"Here," said Tommy, handing over the sleeve of pictures, which Hank opened and whistled at, as the most risque photo of Shannon lay on top of the stack.  "I may have to keep this one.  Shoot.  Not good, not good at all.  Naughty."  He turned to the next picture.  "Naughty!  Oh, I see what you mean, Tommy.  I can see the Immaculate Herald headline now: Pig Farmer's Wife Makes Banker Squeal.  Now just wait a minute, Tommy.  What are you saying, Judd is trying to blackmail Josh?"
"I wouldn't use that word to describe it.  But yes, I think that's the basic idea, yes.  He'll still need a down payment."
"The money we saved, Tommy, we saved to buy more trucks, tires, plow blades, dumpsters, beer.  And there's that new Chevy pickup with EFI that I want."
"What's EFI?"
"Electronic fuel injection."
"Why do you want electronic fuel injection?"
"I don't know.  The advertisement on TV.  Gas shooting into the cylinder.  Pistons doing this and that, green and red lights flashing.  It was like a spaceship."
"We can get another loan," said Tommy, shaking his head.  "We're not underwater now, we can make payments.  There may not be another time like this for Judd."
"I want that truck," said Hank, moving the chew in his lip from one spot to another.  He looked at the heavens and then the earth.  "Oh, Jesus.  If it works out, I'll think about it.  I'll drive my beater another five years, what the hell, I'll never move up in this world anyway.  But I don't know anything about these pictures, if coppers come asking."
"Here's to hoping God's on Judd's side," said Tommy, stubbing out the cigarette on the hood of the weathered car.  
"Not sure He cares about loans.  Not sure about that guy.  Never know what to make of Him.  But I'm pretty sure you can't go praying for loans to get paid.  Don't seem like a thing for prayers.  Especially when there's blackmail involved."
Blanks shrugged.  "It'd be mighty generous of us to help a guy like Judd."
"I ain't generous except when I feel guilty."  
"Guilty for what, Hank?"
"Always been guilty of something.  All you have to do is mention a name and it'll get me thinking of something I done.  But with a guy like Judd - I just can't trust him."
"I can't trust people with beards," said Tommy, glancing at Hank's chin.  "Moustaches, yes.  Beards, no.  Too much hair.  Bearded folk are liable to sleep with the Anne Killarneys of the world, right when a guy thinks he might want to get married.  So if it's guilt you need, then let me assure you – you're going to hell, without question."
Hank nodded and touched his beard.  "So are you."
"Nope, I started going to that new church.  That Evangelical one.  Not so much stuff to memorize there.  It's a different feeling there."
"Father Packard would still say you're going to hell."
"Why do you think I switched?  I used up all my coupons in the Catholic church."  
"Plus, you're dating an ex-stripper."
"She's not a stripper no more.  Why does everyone have to say that about strippers?  You were other things at one time, no one calls you an ex-mechanic or an ex-juvenile-delinquent."
"Stripper's noteworthy.  Kind of like when a guy's been to prison.  Like you."
"County jail ain't prison, it's county jail."
"Whatever."  
"I'm tired of hearing your voice."
"And us usual, you've worn out your welcome."
"Good, let's go have a beer." 
They walked back into the garage and Tommy grabbed two beers from a refrigerator.  Hank pulled on his lip and tossed the snuff aside.  Tommy touched one of the hooves that dangled near his shoulder.  "How much did the deer weigh?"  
"Well, look here," said Hank, ignoring Tommy's question when he noticed the car door open and Judd Blanks approaching the garage.  "Here he comes, Blanks the Younger."
Judd had sat in the car for as long as he could stand, but became agitated and decided to ask Hank directly if he could borrow money.  In the car, he worked up his happy face, but maintaining it proved impossible when he heard Hank needling him.  The forced joy abandoned his cheeks. 
"Why, Judd Blanks, what brings you here?" asked Hank, smiling, implicitly asking Judd to ask the question. 
Judd abandoned niceness and turned to Tommy.  "So is he good for it?"
The question and tone turned Hank sour.  Before Tommy could speak, Hank replied, "How about a 'hello' first, Judd?  How about a bit of small talk, or an acknowledgment that I'm here before you ask Tommy 'if he's good for it.'  And just so you know – I'm not good for it.  I was good for it, but now I'm not good for it.  I'm bad for it.  Do you know why I'm bad for it?  Because I just remembered who you are.  And I know that you ain't going to change whether you got nothing or whether you get everything you wanted in this world."  
The response made Judd sullen.  "Yeah, figured you'd say that.  And truth is, I'd rather not owe you and be forced to listen to your stories for the rest of my life because you did me a favor.  From the car I could see your jaw flapping a mile a minute."  
"That's good," said Hank.  "We're on the same page then."
Tommy said, "Hey, Hank, he's…" 
"You can have a beer if you want, Judd," said Hank, "but that's it."
Turning to leave, Judd said, "I don't need you.  I'll get this done my own way."  
Tommy chased Judd out the door, leaving Judy behind to mingle with Hank and the hunters. 
"Electronic fuel injection," Hank said, opening his can of beer.    

Chapter  26. 

In the church parking lot, parents packed children into car seats, while a few ghosts and goblins traded pieces of candy back and forth, enriching their bags by barter.  Father Packard appeared at the front door of the church, with his braided stocking cap on again, rushing down the steps to say his goodbyes to the participants of his inaugural Halloween event.    
"Ethan, you drive," said Ray, not soothed by the visit to the church, where usually he found peace simply by entering the silence and seeing the candles burning.  The sacred failed to settle him on this occasion, since the boys seemed beyond his control.  "I'll sit in the middle and keep the peace."
Both sons were shaken from their visits with the priest, showing different symptoms.  Ethan snatched the keys from his father and got into the cab of the flatbed truck.  Ray got in the passenger side and reached out to assist the injured Jacob into the seat.  Jacob gripped his father's shoulder and tried to shield his bloodshot eyes by staring at the floorboards.  
"To town," said Ray, pointing at the road.  "We'll take care of that lawyer business now.  Get something proper done yet today.  We're running a bit late, but Klein won't mind.  Works out of his house, probably watching football and logging a billable hour as we speak." 
Ethan said, "I'm going back to Minneapolis tonight."
"I understand," said Ray.  
In the passenger seat, Jacob sniffed, and the pathetic sound made Ethan reach for the radio, unable to listen to Jacob's emotional act.  The truck only had an AM radio, no FM band in the 1975 Ford.  Static noise buzzed while Ethan dialed the knob and pushed all the buttons in hopes of finding a station, any station, stopping at a polka.  "Good enough," said Ethan.  
Passing fields and farmhouses, they rode without speaking, while Ray yearned to resolve the sons' differences.  But the words did not form in his mouth as thoughts assembled and disassembled.  No fountain of fatherly advice, he usually dodged the difficult conversations to be had with children, having never received any from his own father, who was a gruff man of fewer words than Ray.  Better off if he said nothing, he decided, ever since the time Renee urged him to talk to Ethan about the birds and the bees.  Not a successful talk.  Ray remembered sitting on the edge of Ethan's bed to explain the cause of babies, having to clarify certain biological functions after Ethan told his class at school that babies came from a woman's ear.  In explaining nature, Ray resorted to cattle, telling Ethan that the bull was not playing piggyback with the cows, a tale he claimed to be true for several years.  The fun and ease of censorship had come to an end.  When Ethan asked if people played the same kind of piggyback to make babies, Ray, lost for words, simply said, "Yes," and stood up, departing the room, sending Renee into the bedroom to conclude the talk.  Fortunately, Jacob needed no education on that subject, so the talk only happened one time.  Ethan passed the information on to Jacob, who then taught his friends at school the next, morning.  All difficult announcements only needed to be told to Ethan, since Ethan shared his knowledge with Jacob.  By this same method of communication, Jacob learned the truth about Santa Claus, and the Easter Bunny, and in both cases threw wild tantrums upon learning the myths.  
At the end of the polka song, a news teaser ran, followed by a commercial.  
"We didn't do anything last night," Jacob said, glancing across the seat at Ethan, peering past his father, who formed the partition between them. 
Ethan ignored Jacob and turned up the radio as a commercial led back into the news segment.  The newsman announced an update on the Peekskill meteorite in New York state, which Ethan listened to carefully, spinning the volume knob higher.  "Scientists and officials are currently examining the meteor that struck the family's Chevy Malibu.  In other news, the FDA's approval of Depo-Provera is still making waves among safety concerns, as well as ethical concerns."
"She said no and I stopped," said Jacob, staring straight ahead.  All three of them stared, letting Jacob's comment linger among the news.  "But you're right, Ethan, I did try.  She didn't do nothing, but I tried, just like you said."
"The Upjohn company has defended its testing of the controversial method of birth control.  In election news, candidates stumped in several states today.  Bill Clinton, Ross Perot, and George Bush all have heavy travel days ahead before Tuesday's presidential election."
"It wasn't her fault, just mine," Jacob said. 
The news sound bytes continued.  The stock market bit.  The entertainment clip.  The sports headline.  And finally, a clip that only Ethan understood.  "The astronomer Galileo Galilei is in the news again," said the newsman, raising and lowering his voice for the offbeat portion of the news.  "The 17th century scientist was pardoned today, in a statement issued from the Vatican.  Pope John Paul the Second said that the Church regrets the handling of the case.  The Italian inventor was placed under house arrest for the remainder of his life after charges of heresy in 1633."
"This is what I'm talking about," said Ethan, pointing at the radio. "Unreal."  He laughed.  "What's that say about things?"
Ray said, "What are you talking about?"
"Galileo.  Didn't you hear?  The Pope said Galileo was right – only took him four hundred years to review the data.  Now, suddenly it's true, since the man who dresses like a sorcerer deems it so.  Who knows how many others they stifled and ostracized back then.  Who knows where we would be now, if they hadn't blocked every advance along the way."
"Who stifled who?" asked Ray.
"The Church.  Progress."
They passed the town sign, Immaculate, population 922.  The lawyer, Matthew Klein, lived on the other side of town.  Without knowing who or what Galileo was, Ray thought of what the priest had mentioned.  Ray said to Ethan, "Packard said I should talk to you about faith."
"Did he really?" said Ethan.  "So much for confession being private.  But what can you expect – he's one of them."
"One of who?" asked Ray. 
"One who pulls the wool."
A sign on the side of the road extended from a tree, "KLEIN LEGAL SERVICES".  The flatbed truck pulled into the driveway and Ethan turned off the engine.  When the engine stopped, the cage mounted on the back for hauling calves rattled in the wind.  
"What wool?" asked Ray, no longer staring straight ahead, but shoulder to shoulder and eye to eye with Ethan.  "Father said to ask about your faith.  So I'm asking."
"What did he want to know?" said Ethan, defiantly. 
"I don't know," said Ray.  "I've wondered about you living in the city, getting ideas."
Ethan laughed.  "Yes, I have been getting ideas."
"About what?"
"That it's all a bunch of made-up bullshit."
Speechless, Ray could not digest the admission.  Nor could he allow the claim to pass.  "You're losing your grip, because of a girl."
"It has nothing to do with her."
"It has to do with something.  Nonsense running like a sieve now," Ray said, with a snort.  "Let me out, Ethan.  You should go for a walk and cool off.  Jacob, you can sit here or come in, but I want you two separated.  Not a damn one of you making any sense today."
The door opened and Ethan stepped out.  "Better I tell you now than never.  You want to know about my faith?  I don't have any.  Not any more."
"Are you telling me you don't believe in God?  Since when?"
"Since I woke up."
"Then you aren't very smart after all.  Go for a walk," said Ray.  "A long one.  Come back when your head is on straight.  We have papers to sign.  Go get your head straight."
"It is straight."  
"Sure it is.  Straight up your ass.  Talking like a fool.  Go on, walk."
On foot, Ethan started toward the grocery store, toward the north end of town, which was in the opposite direction of Tara's house.  Several children rode by on their bicycles, with playing cards clicking in the spokes.  Faces painted, masked, caped, costumed for the night.  Parents with small children emerged from doors, setting out before sundown in the cool air with little ones wrapped under coats, mittens, and stocking caps, their costumes buried under the layers.  Groups of mothers trailed the children, chatting and encouraging the shy ones to walk up to the doors, where the kids forgot their lines until the homeowner prompted them – "Can you say trick-or-treat?"  Jack-o-lanterns with candles glowed on the stoops of houses built in the 1940's and 50's.  
Ethan walked with his hands in his pockets, passing the children and trying to smile, his load lightened by admitting his most bothersome thought.  He had no intention of admitting it, ever.  It just happened.  A little boy with mouse ears ran up to Ethan, asking for candy, whiskers striped on his cheeks.  Ethan apologized and showed the boy his empty hands.  The mother and father cudgeled the boy onward, with the mother explaining that he needed to knock on doors, not accost every pedestrian.  As Ethan turned the corner to the grocery store, the boy's face remained with him, reminding him of standing for pictures in the kitchen, when Renee made the boys pose by a certain door for a Halloween photo each year.  She measured their height against the door at the same time, giving them a few extra inches of height, making them taller than they were so that they felt like big boys.  Simpler times, happier memories, now only reminders of something lost, as the joyful children rushed by Ethan on the sidewalk, rushing in the crisp air, innocent and searching for sugar.  
Chapter 27. 

"No, Mop!" said Bryce, tugging a cardboard box away from his father's hands.  "Mine."  The empty Coke case traveled from room to room for several weeks, performing several functions for Bryce – as a table for his toy train, as a place to store stolen tissue from the roll in the bathroom, and as a weapon for chasing the dog.  But the primary use of the Coke case was as a hat.  The large rectangular shape blocked the boy's eyes when he donned it.  In darkness, he felt his way around the kitchen and living room, inevitably running into corners and table legs.  
"No!" said Bryce for no apparent reason, using his favorite word.  Josh's patience grew thin over the boy's insubordination.  With Rhea, he could nudge her behavior using carrots-and-sticks, rewarding her with candy or disallowing her favorite TV show.  The same methods worked with employees.  But not with the boy.
"My box!" said Bryce, his eyebrows arched and eyes glaring up at Josh.  With a stern fatherly face, Josh aimed to show the boy his steadfastness.  Children showed the honest face of human nature, as Josh interpreted it.  People were self-serving from the moment they could reach for objects.  The tree of knowledge was not an apple in the garden, it was learning the word Mine.  Possession caused the biting of hands and yanking of toys – and also caused the corresponding responses of the bitten and the have-nots.  Both biter and bitten, the reactions of children reminded Josh of adults.  In watching children feud, he believe the entirety of the world's conflicts could be seen in its most basic state.  Stealing, fighting, wailing, appealing, retaliating.  All of the proclivities of adulthood were already manifested in diapers.  
"Want Mommy!"
"Mommy's not here right now," said Josh, considering whether to spank or not to spank, as the boy did not seem to understand carrots-and-sticks.  A stubborn boy.  "Fine, take your box.  But when you bump the wall and stub your toe again, I'm not going to come save you.  Do you like running into things?"
"No, Mop!" Bryce shouted, nonsensically, reinforcing dissent with whatever his father had uttered.  The boy's answer was no and his father was an implement for washing floors.  A fine insult.  With the Coke box planted firmly on his head again, he stumbled blindly toward danger, pulling the box's flaps tight over his ears.  
"Have fun," said Josh, watching the boy trip on the carpet and step forward quickly to catch himself before falling.  Occasionally Josh peered out the window, expecting to see Kathy return any moment.  Not the first time after a heated argument when she fled the house, only to return in the evening, cowed and ready again to resume the status-quo.  
The children became restless at the supper table, itching to put on their Halloween costumes, eating chicken nuggets and French fries, drinking orange soda.  Josh's cooking skills relied on all things frozen with preparation times of less than twenty minutes.  Dusk fell upon the Werther house.  He watched with admiration as Dawn cleaned up her plate.  His oldest daughter had a terrific appetite.  Next to Dawn, Rhea dawdled in the ketchup and drew red lines using a fry, until Josh followed the nightly routine of coaxing her to eat, then demanding her to eat, then threatening to withhold something (in this case her Halloween candy), then adding a second threat of no trick-or-treating at all – until the five-year-old capitulated and ate a single chicken nugget and then resumed drawing ketchup lines with the French fry.   
"Where do we usually go trick or treating?" asked Josh.  "To the neighbors?"
Rhea and Dawn spoke at the same time.  "In town."  Dawn said, "Jinx!  Co-jinx!  With personal lock."  
Rhea said, "Not fair!"
Dawn whacked Rhea in the shoulder twice and said, "No talking.  That's two words, that's two hits."
Josh rolled his eyes.  "Let me fix this.  Rhea.  There I said her name, now she can talk again."
"Not," said Dawn.  "Not with a personal lock.  Only if I say her name can she talk."
"Oh, I see," said Josh, unaware of the rules of the Jinx game.  "So we go trick-or-treating in town?"
"Yes, Dad," said Dawn, open mouthed, pre-teen incredulity in her voice.  "Don't you remember?"
"I forget," Josh said.  On his pants, he felt a hand.  Bryce reached into Josh's pocket and removed the wallet.  Little feet scampered away with the stolen item in outstretched arms.  Josh reached out and plucked the wallet out of Bryce's hands and said to Dawn, "There's a thief among us."
"Who is that picture of in your wallet?" asked Dawn, pointing to a transparent frame on the outside of the wallet that contained a baby picture.
"Well, that's you, Dawn.  I've been carrying it around for years."  Holding the wallet at arm's length to account for his far-sightedness, Josh said, "I sometimes take this picture out at work and wonder where the years have gone.  And where my little girl has gone.  Now she's a big girl."
"Let me see."  Dawn took the wallet from Josh and inspected the photo, removing the picture from its sleeve to look closer.  "That's not me.  That's Rhea, Dad.  Oops!"  She covered her mouth.
"You said my name!" said Rhea, jumping in her seat.  "I can talk again."  
"The jinx is gone now?"
"Yes," said Rhea.  "That's me in the picture, Dad?"  Rhea dropped her nugget, happy to speak, and also latching onto the chance to avoid eating.  "You carry a picture of me?"
"Only by accident," said Dawn.  "Only because he thought it was a picture of me."
"Now, now, Dawn," Josh said, touching Dawn's nose.  "I thought it was a picture of you.  I'll get a new one of you.  An updated one."
"And a new one of me, too?" asked Rhea.  
"Only if you eat your food."
The phone interrupted Josh and he left his wallet on the table.  He got up to answer it, but after a single ring the phone stopped.  The signal from Shannon.  A fever in her today, he mused.  Twice in one day would be a first.  Electricity started in his veins once again, forgetting the lingering threat of Judd Blanks for a moment, forgetting that his wife had stormed off and left the house, forgetting the three children in his charge for the afternoon.  Lost in his want for another tryst, he did not notice the children divesting his wallet right before his eyes.  With tunnel vision, he sat at the table, and slowly became aware of his children playing Indian poker with his driver's license and credit cards.  
"Should we go for a ride, kids?" he said, snapping to focus, seeing his MasterCard sticking to Dawn's forehead.  "Hey, give me those cards, those aren't play things."  He snatched the wallet off the table, as their prying fingers had not yet discovered one item inside the deepest pocket of the wallet that formed a circular ring in the leather. 
"I have the highest card," said Dawn. 
"No," Josh said, noticing Rhea with a Visa stuck to her forehead.  "Rhea wins, hers has the least debt.  Now give me those.  Bryce, spit it out," he said, pulling a wet Social Security card out of his mouth.  
Rhea said, "Bryce put teeth marks on your card just like he does the Candyland cards.  He tries to eat them."
"We can't even play Candyland anymore," Dawn said, "because we know all the cards by the teeth marks on the cards."
"Bryce," said Josh, "no more eating cards, of any kind."  The phone jingled again and Josh jumped out of his seat to answer it.  He rushed to reach the phone before the first ring ended and he answered with the words, "Don't hang up…"  He wanted to tell Shannon to name a time and place, so they could skip the mailbox routine and save time and get straight to the bliss.
A man's voice on the other end replied.  "I won't hang up.  Where are we at on our negotiation?"  
"Same place we were before," said Josh.  "Nowhere.  You threaten me again and I'll call the police.  This is the last warning, Judd.  I'm not playing games."
"Neither am I," said Judd, lacking the composure he maintained during his earlier threat.  "This isn't a game, Werther.  Think hard on what you're throwing away.  I'll be stopping out at your house in a few hours.  I'll start the countdown, and when time runs out, you'll have the right answer or Kathy will see the pictures.  I almost hope you say no, just so I can see her face."
"You can have my answer right now, Judd.  It's the same as it was this afternoon, the same as it will be tonight, the same as it will be a hundred years from now.  If I were you, I'd crawl into a bottle tonight, because if you push this further, it'll be your last night of freedom for a while."
"I'm going to give you these few hours to mull it over."
"You've got nothing on me that I'm not prepared to deal with.  Do you understand that?  You don't have leverage on me.  Did it ever occur to you that maybe I want the town to find out?  Did it?"  It had never occurred to Josh until he said the words. 
"You have until seven o'clock.  And if you don't say yes, it's going to hurt."
"What are you going to do, Judd?  Shoot me?"
"That's exactly what I'm going to do!"  Judd shouted loud enough that Josh held the phone away from his face.  The conversation ended.  The kids watched him from the table, holding the cards but no longer playing, observing Josh with curiosity.  To break the silence, he laughed and said, "Ok, let's get your costumes on."  Thinking of Judd's ridiculous threat, he laughed louder.  "Let's go get some candy, kids.  What do you say to that?"
All three children jumped at the suggestion and shoved the chairs back from the table.  The girls scattered to their rooms to put on the costumes, Bryce following in a sagging diaper.  Josh restored his wallet and decided to gamble with a phone call, to skip the mailbox drop and speak to Shannon directly.  In the aftermath of the bullying from Blanks, Josh felt bold, unafraid of getting caught, pressed to prove that no one pushed him around, that the world was his oyster.  Besides, if Jack Hoffmann answered instead of Shannon, he could easily hang up and use the drop.  Before he dialed the number, he peered up the staircase, checking that no little ears could hear him.    
When Jack answered the phone, Josh did not hang up, but reacted by altering his voice, saying, "This is a polling call."  
"A what?" asked Jack. 
"Would you or your spouse be willing to answer a few questions about the upcoming election?"
Jack Hoffmann grunted.  "I don't vote.  Waste of time.  My wife votes.  Just a second." 
After a pause, Shannon's voice entered Josh's ear and he used his normal voice.  "Hello, Mrs. Hoffman.  Do you like to play with fire?  Do you like walking at great heights without a safety net?"  
"Yes, to both," she said. 
"I realize you have limited time and can only answer yes or no right now."
"That's right," she said. 
"At which polling station would you prefer to vote this year?  Answer 'one' for meeting at the back door at the bank, or 'two' for my uncle Walt's house, who is in Florida for the winter."
"Two," she answered.  "Definitely, I prefer the second candidate."
"Good choice, Mrs. Hoffmann," said Josh.  "There will be a lot of kids in town.  Walt has a cozy camper, as you know."
"Yes."
"Now for costume – since it is Halloween – would you rather be Marilyn Quayle or Tipper Gore?"  
"Marilyn," she said, and added in a whisper, "Monroe."
"I like that answer, I like it.  And would you rather I be Al Gore or Dan Quayle?"
"You be JFK," she whispered.
"Six o'clock?"
"Yes." 
"Thank you, Mrs. Hoffmann.  This concludes the poll."  Josh set the phone down, and yelled up the staircase, "Kids, time to go to town!" while he simultaneously dialed his mother, calling in a relief chaperone to take the children trick-or-treating, while he played with fire, for the  last time.
Chapter 28.  

Rather than brooding in her car on a dirt road or in a parking lot, as Josh expected, this time Kathy drove to Tonnamowoc and stalked the library for materials on separation and divorce.  The card-catalog pointed her to self-help sections and memoir, but she wanted a manual.  A how-to guide.  The search became tiresome, unfruitful, and she stepped into the lobby of the library to speed things up by placing calls from the payphone.  
Fidgeting and gabbing to himself, a dirty man leaned against the wall pretending to sleep, but Kathy noticed him listening to the subject and content of her calls.  Soon he piped up and spoke from under his filthy Minnesota Twins hat. 
"Getting out of a bad situation, are you, lady?  I know a guy who could help."
"Pardon me?" Kathy said, pressing the phone against her shirt.  
"I know a guy who could help you."
"Sir," Kathy said, "I don't need some foul man sitting on the floor of a public building to tell me anything, thank you very much."
"I'm just trying to help."
"Try a bath.  It's rude to eavesdrop.  Scoot along, you smell awful and I'd like some privacy.  Honestly, if fungus were manners, you'd be a prince."
The man shoved off from the floor, moved his station to the other side of the lobby, and Kathy resumed thumbing through the yellow pages.  After a few phone calls, Kathy connected with a young woman willing to meet that afternoon.  An eager attorney, readily taking clients on a Saturday.  
With urgency, Kathy drove to the attorney's townhouse, to gather needed materials from the lawyer, to make a list of what she needed from the county to proceed with dissolving her marriage.  First steps toward escape from the black hole called Josh Werther, from which no emotion escaped.  
She met the lawyer at the door and followed her into a home office.  
"I apologize, this room isn't where I usually meet clients," said the young woman.  "I don't often meet clients at home, but you sounded so upset on the phone."  
"It's a lovely room," said  Kathy.  "Terrific colors, and the chairs!  And, no children, I'm guessing?  There's no clutter in here."
"I have one," said the woman.  "But he's with his father this weekend."  A hint of sadness in the corner of the attorney's mouth turned resolutely toward business again.
"I see," said Kathy, offering a look of pity to the woman, whose unblemished face made her almost a girl, in Kathy's opinion.    
The woman broached the subject of divorce by questioning Kathy's reasons.  Initially, Kathy could only answer: "Because I hate him."  At this, the young woman frowned.  Kathy thought of her parents, how her father smacked around her mother.  Under a cloud of irritation, Kathy wished that Josh had mistreated her physically, struck her just once, only to make the divorce a terribly obvious decision.  For a moment, she considered accusing Josh of hitting her, if only to settle the score for her mother, justice against all men by sacrificing Josh.  But she refrained, unable to speak libel upon Josh, discovering that she did not hate her husband badly enough to carry out a cruel lie.  
"Do you have religious differences?" said the attorney.  
"No," said Kathy.  "We're both Christians.  Catholics.  Or I am.  He fakes it.  But we still raise the children in the Church." 
"Sure, I understand," the young woman said, nodding with interest.  "Are there disagreements over how to raise the children?"
"Yes," she said, but retreated immediately.  "Or no.  Not really.  He is a decent father, when he's home.  But he's never home."
"What about infidelity?"
"I've suspected it.  Yes, there are times I wonder if he's golfing or crouching in some corner at The Wreck.  He can't look away from a woman passing by.  When we go out to eat, his head turns at every pair of legs…"  She stopped, feeling her digression lacking evidence of cheating. 
"Ok," said the young woman.  "Any proof of him stepping out, seeing other people?"
She considered the incidents of the past ten years.  The grocery clerk.  The young tellers at the bank.  Dawn's first grade teacher.  And Dawn's third grade teacher.  Every woman drew Josh's attention, or rather, any younger woman who had not yet bore children.  The scar on Kathy's stomach had made Josh withdraw, from the moment Dawn was born.  How infrequently his hand reached for her during the first three years after the first baby arrived.  During that time, both of them became enamored with Dawn, forgetting about their relationship.  Not until after Dawn's toddler years did Kathy reflect on how Josh no longer showed interest in her stretched stomach and hips.  And when Dawn turned three, a brief Renaissance surged into the marriage, for nearly five months, which resulted in Rhea, and Rhea resulted in the second C-section.  Fresh and deep scar tissue brought a new separation between them, leading up to the seven-year-itch where they squabbled daily.  And then Bryce followed, just as Rhea outgrew her toddler phase, and Kathy's body stretched once again, putting a whorl on her abdomen that did not spring back into shape.  Josh retracted from her.  Of ten years of marriage, eight had been tense, with work and children dominating the days.  Tidal swells of emotion moved, sometimes steady for long periods, sometimes swinging radically between two sunrises.  Days of affection were followed by cold shoulders.  Events swept them along, for a decade, like leaves in a stream.  Attempts to spark romance fell flat on exotic beaches and in national parks.  When romance did strike, it occurred in strange places, during routine chores or while doing maintenance work on the house.  Painting a room, a hand brushed the other's leg.  Emptying the dishwasher, a bump and a smile.  Cleaning the garage, a ladder and a pinch.  But on this day while she sat across from the pensive attorney, Kathy could not muster memories of good days.  A long pent frustration tempted her to tell the young woman, that yes, Josh did have a girlfriend.  But she said, "I don't have any proof, but I suspect it."  She began to feel nervous as the possibility of separation became more real.  "The relationship has…it's just run its course."
"I understand," said the attorney.  "Well, we can certainly discuss options.  The first option, which is the best option, is to start with marriage counseling.  Perhaps that's all you need."
"I'm not interested in that," said Kathy, setting her purse on the young woman's coffee table.  "I want to discuss the process."
"As you wish," said the lawyer, pulling her chair closer to the desk, handing Kathy a folder filled with documents. 
"It's probably silly," Kathy said, "but I do worry about divorcing, since it's frowned on by the church."
The young woman said, "Do you mean the whole, 'What God hath joined, let no one put asunder.'  That idea?"
"Yes."
"Kathy, if you just say the words, and think about them, you will see that the burden does not fall on the divorcing parties."
"It doesn't?" said Kathy, leaning back, unaware of such a possibility. 
"No," said the young woman.  "Please walk through it with me.  What God has joined.  Your marriage was blessed by God.  But who does the verse say cannot separate the marriage?  No one.  And who would that 'one' be?  It's certainly not referring to you or your husband – neither of you have legal standing to end a marriage.  The verse is talking about the person who signs off on the divorce, meaning the legal system, and more specifically, the judge.  The judge who willingly acts for the system bears the burden of disunioning the blessed marriage.  Do you understand?"
"I don't know, I've never thought of it that way, never thought of the judge being guilty of anything..."
"But Kathy, consider the wording," said the attorney, with convincing eyes.  "God is not to blame, nor the husband and wife – but only the one, or ones, who makes such things legal.  Very obvious in the way it is written.  In any case, that reference has no legal bearing."  She touched Kathy's hand.  "Let the judge worry about that verse.  Those words are not your concern."
Kathy nodded, "I see."  She felt better and admired the young woman, for her knowledge, for succeeding without a husband in her house, for taking charge of a life that included both career and kids.

Chapter 29.  

In Immaculate, Ray Marak and Matthew Klein sat on opposing sides of a desk with a document between them.  The lawyer, Klein, had a known tendency to ramble and wander in his thoughts when discussing matters with clients, anything but the matter at hand, and the common suspicion of why he did this was to increase his billable hours – but this was a falsity.  Klein's thoughts followed no main channel, but circled in the backwaters and eddies of a moment.  Adding to his distraction was the arrangement of his office, in a large room filled with tangential décor, Minnesota Twins baseball souvenirs and patriotic colors.  All of it led to meandering.    
Ray said, "Renee will get the money and the boys will get the land.  That's what this says?"  His finger tapped the paper.
"Yes, Ray, yes, it's in that line there," said the aging Klein, pulling on one of his white tufted sideburns and leaning forward with some effort over his belly to point at the document, a templated will and testament, a document that he knew forward and backward from thirty years of practicing law.  "It's all as you said on the phone, Ray, all there in the writing.  You know, my father served in World War II.  In the mechanized infantry, drove a M3 halftrack.  Did you ever run across any of those during your time in service?  Probably rust heaps by the sixties, I suppose.  But they were strange looking things…" 
Distracted by the day's events, Ray said, "Is the document worded so that the back fifty acres will be split along the tree line?  So one of the boys will get thirty acres and the other twenty?  That's if the boys decide for some reason to divide the land.  Did you include that?"  Getting late in the afternoon already, Ray began to worry that Renee would have to call in the cows for milking.  
"Yes," said Klein, "the tree-line stipulation, it's in there, too.  Halftracks had many breakdowns.  There was always something to fix..."
"Sounds like you were the one in the war," said Ray, without looking up from the paper, leaning over the words.  
"No, it was my father…"
"Yes, I heard," said Ray.  "But the way you talk, I'd think you were there.  With all this POW-MIA shit on the walls, and pictures of tanks and airplanes like some teenager's room covered in swimsuit models.  Talk to me about Twins baseball if you need to flap, Matt.  I'm trying to think."
"I'm just proud of my father, Ray.  And I fly the POW flag in this office out of respect to you…boy, I still wonder at what you saw…"
"I'm not here to reminisce," said Ray.  "I'm here for lawyering.  That's the service I need, not conversation.  If I'm short, it's not to be rude, Matt.  Had a hell of day and I want to get this document in the books before I have to call the cattle in.  Renee already had to milk this morning, and it's not a chore she cares for, and one that I don't care to make her do."
Klein leaned back and chuckled.  "Always the straight shooter.  Not many like you, Ray, not in the same way, I mean.  I guess that's why myself and Art Schindhelm – and a bunch of others – think you should run for county commissioner in the next election cycle."
"What?" said Ray, leaning back in his seat.
"That's right, Ray," said Klein.  "Like I said, there's not many who sift the chaff like you do.  Plus, you're a veteran.  A decorated one.  You run a clean farm.  You never miss church.  By and large, people respect you.  And if that weren't enough, you were a sports star in high school and you're tall, which would keep the riff-raff from trying to push you around, since you can look a man in the eye and call him a fraud without blinking."  Klein laughed and pulled on his white tufts.  "Best of all, you have no tolerance for waste, which is what I value most.  When Art and I tried to think of men who should take up the standard, you were the first one we thought of.  Now I know you farm, and farmers, I understand, it's not easy to step over to the conservative side of thinking since there are mixed messages out there…"
Ray said, "Conservation?  I'm not that interested in hunting or fishing.  Or are you talking about tillable land conservation?  Speak English."
"Not that movement, Ray," said Klein, chuckling and opening a drawer behind him on a wall lined with filing cabinets.  "I'm talking about being a fiscal and family conservative – trimming the fat in government, while keeping family ideals sound.  Maybe even worse than wasted money are the things that do not have a dollar sign – intangible things, like American values, values that were once built on the farm, church, and family – the pillars that this country's greatness rests upon.  That's what you represent, Ray.  Now I know, a plump fellow like me, talking about trimming fat, sounds ludicrous – but you know what I mean.  There's a lot of waste in government, Ray, a whole lot of waste.  And men like you…" 
"Stop," said Ray.  "Why don't you just run, Matt?  You obviously understand how the county functions better than I do.  I hear you meandering toward asking me to run for office, so why don't you just cut to the chase."
"Because, as I was saying, Ray – men like you are hard to find.  Very hard to find any more.  Everyone has a skeleton in their closet.  Sometimes I feel like Diogenes, running through the streets with his lamp, looking for an honest man."  
"Aren't you honest, Matt?  I would hope, given the current matter on the table…"
"I'm not as likable as you, Ray.  Or as electable.  I wish, I wish…"
"Not often I'm accused of being likeable.  I have my enemies," said Ray. 
Klein pulled a bottle of brandy from the filing cabinet and offered it to Ray, who declined with one shake of his head.  "But your enemies, Ray, are the dregs of Immaculate.  The bottom-feeders.  They don't vote, and they don't matter.  You cannot lose if you choose to run.  And I'd back you, even run the campaign for you."
Ray faced Klein's flattery and let it pierce his shell.  "Sounds like extra work.  And I'm not an office man…"
"I would gladly act as assistant commissioner.  Pro bono publico."
"I don't know.  I have too many irons in the fire now.  Does it pay anything?"
"It pays, of course it pays.  Not a ton, but it pays.  And I understand, Ray.  There is never a good time to start making a difference, never an easy time.  Never will there be a perfect time or an easy time.  And I'm sure you'll be expanding the farm now, right?  Sure, I can understand that.  Got things all paid off, probably want to extend the herd.  Plant more rows – start getting the bigger margins using better equipment.  No reason to live on the skim when you can the cream.  That's what I would do if I were you, Ray.  I'd start today, if I were you.  With the fall of the Soviets, I can't see anything but prosperity ahead for agriculture in this country, but you must grow the operation to enjoy the margins."  
"I wasn't planning on expanding."  He paused.  "Not yet."
"I don't want to bear bad news, Ray.  But you know the little man is dead, right?  I mean, God give 'em back – I'd love to see things like they were in the fifties.  But those days are gone.  The family farm as you and I knew it, it's done."  
Ray sighed.  "I've started to suspect that a bit myself, Matt."
"This is no time to be shy," said Klein.  "And the man who has a foot in the county can also have a say in the business and agriculture community.  The way I see it Ray, as I am privy to so much of your personal information – and I thank you for years of choosing me as your legal adviser and sometimes accountant – of all the customers I serve, I envy your position the most.  Hell, no one is poised to grow like you are.  And with sons to continue the farm, who are willing to stay and continue the name.  You deserve to have more, more than you have today, and you should embrace the opportunity and accept what you deserve."
Klein rambled on, swirling his brandy and petting his sideburns, inflating Ray's self-worth, and the usually compliment-phobic farmer maintained his stoic face while accepting all that was said as truth.  Ray did deserve more.  His dues, paid.  The words of Klein whet Ray's appetites, exciting desires that he kept stifled, inventing other desires that he never knew existed.  For another half hour, Ray listened to the ideas concocted and prognosticated by Matt Klein, and grew hungry for the benefits that aligning himself with Matt Klein could offer.  The campaign for county commissioner became increasingly enticing as Matt painted a picture of the next election.  For most of Matt's monologue, Ray nodded along, losing track of time, forgetting about the clock and milking – and in twenty years he had only been late twice, both from wedding receptions when the whiskey-sours flowed too fast.  
At five minutes before six o'clock, he noticed the time and sat up in his chair, saying, "Dog gone it, they'll be sagging and leaking now."
"Who will?" said Klein.  
"The girls," he replied, and then added.  "The cows, Matt.  You talk too damn much.  Now I gotta get Jacob in here to sign this.  Hold on a minute."  
Out the front door, Ray walked down the steps to the flatbed truck and motioned at Jacob to come inside.  Jacob struggled to open the door of the truck, and Ray walked over to assist.  The anger he felt at the boys upon arriving had suddenly faded, now that Klein had Ray mulling new possibilities.  "Here you go," said Ray, taking Jacob's good arm.  "Easy now, Jacob.  I'll drop you off at Doc Parker's office after this.  Just walk easy, the pain won't be so bad."
"I'm not sure if I can sign my name."
"You can make an X or something, but you need to sign, son."
In the office, Jacob sat in the leather chair that Ray had been keeping warm.  Klein's fat finger pointed to the page where three lines awaited Jacob's pen: a line for printed name, signature, and date.  Beneath the lines where Jacob would sign was another set of lines for Ethan.  
"What happened to you, boy?" said Klein.  "Did you get jostled in the game last night?"
"The bear from Wayne county attacked me," said Jacob. 
"Klein doesn't need any details," said Ray to Jacob.  "I'd respect it, Matt, if you didn't ask questions.  We'll know soon if he can play football next week.  But no one needs to know right now."
Klein held up his hands and said no more about it.  "Sign here, Jacob."  The short finger moved from line to line.  "Print, sign, date."
Using both hands, Jacob drew his letters like a kindergartner and when he finished he stood.  
"Congratulations, Jacob," said Klein.  "You'll own a farm someday.  Say Ray, where's Ethan?"
"I'll check on him," said Ray, and stepped outside of the lawyer's house once again.  
As Ray descended the three stairs that fronted the house, he took one glance toward main street, where he had sent Ethan to cool off.  No sign of him.  
Ray began to wince at the pain in his ankle when he reached the street in front of Klein's house.  He leaned on the fire hydrant to remove the weight from his bad ankle.  Holding his foot in his hand, he gently rolled the ankle, while making hay of his thoughts.  Several cars passed by Klein's house, as he lived on one of the three exiting roads of Immaculate.  In the distance, Ray heard a pickup truck with no muffler speeding along, and he immediately recognized the throaty sound to be Judd Blanks' Ram.  Hand in the air, Ray waved down Judd, who let off the accelerator but could not slow down in time to stop and had to back up.  
Ray could see that Judd had no intention of getting out of the pickup, so on his bad foot, once again he applied pressure and the therapeutic effect of rolling his ankle disappeared under the hotness of renewed pain.  As he opened the door of Judd's truck, Ray noticed Judd hiding something under the seat.  
"Whatcha got there?  You hiding something?"
"No, Ray," said Judd.  "What do you need?"
"Guys don't hide things unless it's a gift or something illegal.  Which is it?"
Judd's chewed his gum like it was cartilage, chomping.  His mandible bone moved like a button in his cheek.  Judd said, "Then it's a gift."
"Sure it is.  Fine, I'll keep it short.  You interested in any overtime today?  How about putting the cows in and get started milking?  I'll pay you double-time."
"Not tonight, Ray."
"No?" said Ray, smiling.  "I don't think I've heard you say no to me since we started getting along, Judd."
"I'm not in the mood, Ray."
"What's the matter?"
"Nothing you need to be concerned about."
Without asking for permission, Ray reached under the seat and fished his hand around near the spot where he had seen Judd's hand scrambling.  Judd pulled Ray's arm away but not before Ray felt the butt and trigger of a handgun.  Ray's eyebrows reach his hairline.  
"A gun," said Ray, handling the handgun.  "And it's a little one.  Little guns mean you ain't up to much good.  I'll take that," he said, holding his hand out.  "I can see a cloud over your head right now that I ain't seen since Tommy Blanks tried to kill Hank Murphy."
"Don't worry about it."
"Who are you going to shoot?"
"Nobody.  Piss off, Ray."  Judd slapped the steering wheel and said, "Oh, Jesus, take it."  He reached down and pulled the gun out, setting it on the seat.  "Josh Werther, that sack of crap…you better take that gun or I'll use it tonight, I'll use it on him.  Thought I'd just bring it along for negotiation, but closer I get…"
"Werther?" said Ray.  
"If I explain it to you, Ray – just take the gun, I'll go get piss-drunk and go to bed.  I gambled and lost.  Thought I could buy the Boskie farm, but Werther doesn't bluff on some things…"
Ray blinked and decided that he would buy the farm.  He would buy it before anyone else could get it, finding it preposterous that Judd Blanks might have more assets than Ray Marak.  He said, "Why Judd, my boy, I'm going to buy that farm.  I guess I should have told you that.  I've been looking at it for some time now.  Unless you want to bid against me?"
"The hell you are," said Judd, smiling with a sneer.  "Since when?"
Ray nodded.  "What are you after?  The land, the cattle, or the house?"
"All three," said Judd.
Ray picked up the gun and thumbed the grip, then put it into his pocket.  "No wonder Werther stonewalled you.  Tell you what," said Ray, "if you want the house, after I buy the farm, I'll sell it to you.  But I keep the rest.  And in the meantime, from now until you decide there's something better, you work for me full-time, year-round, with a salary."  Ray waited a moment, and then added,  "Deal?"
Judd sat facing forward and took several glances at Ray.  
Ray said, "It's a better deal than you'll get for killing Josh Werther."
The door was open again for Judd to escape the object of his desire, like he had done in the past.  He felt relieved as the responsibility of changing his life dramatically disappeared in a single offer from Ray.  Judd said, "I want another five bucks an hour, or I can't live on what you pay."  He already resigned himself to the offer, forgetting about Werther.  Most of all, he was ready to tear into a sunrise drunk to celebrate.      
"I'll give you three dollars.  We'll start there.  Things are going to start happening fast on the Marak properties.  You're the first to know, Judd, but you'll want to get on board right now."
"Marak properties?"
"That's right.  Properties."
"Werther's probably going to charge me with blackmail."
"Oh yeah? For what?"
"Yeah.  He's running around with Jack Hoffman's wife."
Through Judd's windshield, Ray saw Ethan walking down the sidewalk, toward the flatbed.  "Well, if you have to do a little time in the slammer, the offer still stands as far as the Boskie house and the job.  I'm going to need you, Judd.  My kids are getting crazy, and I need a good full-time man, because Marak Farms is about to be the fastest thing moving in this town.  I'll see you tomorrow."
Before Ray could say goodbye, Judd reached across the truck and grabbed Ray's arm.  His eyes watery, Judd said, "Jesus, Ray, I really appreciate it.  Really been spinnin' my wheels all these years, just never getting anywhere.  I'll be there in the morning, you bet your ass.  I won't get too drunk tonight."  Stopping to catch his emotions, Judd scratched his forehead in an attempt to tickle the tears back from the edge.  "Want me to go put those cows in now?"
"Jesus, now you're crying.  You know, if someone told me yesterday the kind of day I'd have today, I'd wouldn't have known whether to shit or go blind.  Go home, have a drink, but be there in the morning.  Stay away from Werther, that's a dead end.  Here's your gun back, as long as you're not going to use it."  
"I won't, Ray.  I gotta twelver at home.  I'll settle with that for tonight."
"Twelve gauge or twelve pack?"
"Pack."
Ray shut the door of Judd's Dodge Ram and met Ethan at the front of the house, unable to speak to him until the ridiculously loud muffler moved several blocks away from Klein's house.  
"Are you ready to sign?" asked Ray to Ethan.  "Did you cool off?"
"Cooled off as much as I'm going to," said Ethan, a firm defiance in his smoldering face. 
"Let's go sign," said Ray, showing Ethan the way.  
Inside, the voice of Klein rolled, as he explained to Jacob the design and tactical usage of the Northrop P-61 Black Widow airplanes used during World War II.  Ray said, "Ethan's here now, we can wrap this up.  Matt, show Ethan where to sign the paper."
"Here's a pen," said Klein, flipping through pages.  His finger moved from line to line again, just as he had shown Jacob.  "Print on this line, sign here, and date it here.  Thirty-one October, 1992."
Nodding at the orders, Ethan expressed little interest as Klein's finger moved along the lines.  Placid outward appearances did not ease the tension in the room between Ethan and Ray.  Leaning to sign, Ethan hesitated a moment too long, a hesitation that caused his life to travel a much different track than the rail he expected it to follow.  
"Ethan," said Ray, stopping the pen from touching the paper.  "Before you sign, I'd like to hear you take back what you said on the way into town just now."
"What?" asked Ethan.
They stood shoulder to shoulder, or rather, elbow to shoulder with the height difference, and did not face each other.  Ray said, "That thing you said on the way here.  I won't have you on the will unless you take it back.  I know you didn't mean what you said.  Just take it back before you sign it."
"And if I don't take it back?" said Ethan, stepping forward and turning toward Ray.  
"Then I'd rather you didn't sign it," said Ray.  "Klein, can you step out for a moment."
The lawyer said, "I'd step out, but I have to witness it, Ray.  Do you need a moment?"
"No," said Ethan, turning to face Ray.  "Definitely do not need a moment."
"Ethan," said Ray.  "You have to understand, I won't have an atheist on that paper.  You do understand?"
"I do.  I fully understand."  Ethan dropped the pen on the desk and exited the door without another word, rejecting his inheritance, leaving Klein stunned.  
Klein said, "Do you want to go reason with him?"
"No," said Ray.  "Leave it as is.  He'll come to his senses.  Jacob, let's go.  Ethan can come back another day and sign it if he straightens up."
"Dad," said Jacob, "can't you just let Ethan sign it?  You know he'll be a better farmer than I ever will.  I'll just sell him my half anyway…"
"That's not the point, Jacob.  And you darn well will farm it, because someone is going to when I'm gone.  And who are you to be giving advice today, Jacob?  Matt, finish up what you have to do, we're all done here."  The zeal in Ray hardened, his split decisions solidified.  Decisions made in a period of ten minutes became a permanent design.  
Ethan waited outside for Ray and Jacob, with his back facing them.  Hearing them on the stoop, he said, "Let me see if I have this right, Dad.  I'm out of the will unless I say, yes, there is a God."
"You got it," said Ray.  "Not too difficult to understand, is it?  In fact, if you are still of the same mind, then I ain't got much to say to you.  Other than that you got something wrong out of your books."
"Something wrong?"
Ray shouted, "You don't say to my face there is no God and think it's forgotten and that we'll backslap each other and shake hands.  Your spoiled generation got everything so easy you can even deny God without batting an eye.  If there's one thing I believe in this world, God is that one thing."
"You don't know, you just think you know.  And I'm not afraid to call bullshit.  Not to you or anyone else.  But I get punished for being honest."
"If that's truly the way you feel, Ethan," Ray said, "then you can consider yourself a visitor around the house until you change your mind."  Seeing Ethan remain defiant made Ray go a step further.  "I don't want to see you again until you mind what you said.  Until then, Jacob will get the farm.  And that's that."
"Once again," Ethan said, "Jacob gets what he wants, I get the shaft.  Routine."
"You can ride home with us," said Ray, "and then I want you to go back to school, unless you figure on changing your views between here and home."  His final step across the line axed a bond of twenty years.  "There's more Werther in you than I thought."
"I'll find my own ride," said Ethan, incredulous at the words of Ray, shot in the chest by the comment from his Dad, who had never mentioned the name Werther to him in his life.  The accusation made him hold his beliefs tighter, as proof – his lack of faith now matching Ray's dogmatic certainty – and Ethan would not give in for the sake of property or family or tradition.  
Jacob and Ray got into the flatbed and drove off.  Ethan turned his back to them and began walking toward the other end of Immaculate.  Walking to the Masterson fields, where his car was parked.

Chapter 30. 

Ray arrived back at the farm, alone, without Ethan or Jacob, the former having elected to walk, the latter left behind at Dr. Parker's office.  With regret, Ray abandoned Jacob at the doctor, and let Ethan wander, but a dairy farmer is never loose of the tether to cattle and clock.  The trade allowed for no sick days, no vacation pay, no weekends, no holidays, and ultimately, no sympathy.  Cluttered with events of the day, he pulled into the driveway of the Marak farm and parked in front of the barn.  The lights of the milkhouse glowed, meaning Renee, for the second time in a day, had ridden the four-wheeler out to the pasture and collected the cattle for milking.
In the parlor she stood in knee-high boots, her hair in a bandana, her mouth in a straight line.  Limping down the steel stairs to the parlor floor, Ray said, "I can take over."
"I'm started now," said Renee, connecting a milker to an udder, "I might just as well finish it up."
"You can go rest."
"Rest?" she said, laughing, in a defensive tone.  "Maybe you should go rest.  You're off your rocker.  A fight with Jacob?  Dragging them to confession?"
"Now, now," Ray said, moving alongside her to pushup a milker that sagged and made an loud sucking sound.  "Gotta keep this one tight on Hannah," referring to the cow, changing the subject.  "She'll be dry soon.  Maybe this is what Ross Perot meant by a giant sucking sound."
"Yeah, I know she's going dry, I'm aware of that, Ray," she replied.  "I noticed it this morning.  Forgetting Hannah's udder issues for a moment: where are the boys?"
"In town," said Ray.  He could tell by the tone of Renee's voice, the coming week, perhaps all of winter, would have many long silent nights between them.  "Jacob's at the doctor.  I told him we'd pick him up after milking.  Just a collarbone.  Nobody ever died of a broken collarbone."
Renee did not say anything for a moment, and then said, "You just left him at the doctor."
"That's right."  
She shook her head.
Unless provoked, Ray decided to keep the matter concerning Ethan under a rug.  Too many things to consider now, with his mind already made up to expand the farm.  This too required a timely moment to bring up to Renee, although her vote for or against the idea carried no weight – the decision was made.  He already saw a new combine in the shed, another hundred head of cattle, a bunker silo, and another three grain bins standing tall in the yard.  Even the idea put into his mind by the lawyer about running for county commissioner started to make sense.  Despite the domestic mess made by his sons that day, the momentum of business and progress swelled Ray's sense of place in the world.  And domestic affairs were trifles in the big picture, with that picture being a Marak farm that resembled the awed Yaren Farms.  Ray turned up the radio as the oldies songs played music through a manure-spattered speaker. 
"Where's Ethan?" asked Renee, immediately turning down the radio.  
"Decided to go for a walk in town," said Ray, acting as if nothing eventful happened.  "He's worked up, rightfully so.  Rightfully so."
"Is he coming home?"
"He said he's going back to school tonight."
"Well, his books are still on the table in the house.  He can't go back without them."  The wrinkles in her face had deepened since the morning.  "Do you know where he's at, so I can go get him?  I need to talk to him.  Or did you just dump him somewhere."
"He wanted to walk."
"Did everyone sign the will, or did he go for a walk before that?"
"All taken care of," said Ray. 
"Oh yeah?" said Renee.  "All taken care of.  So everyone signed?"
"What'd I just say?" said Ray. 
"You said everyone signed the will, but Matt Klein, for whatever reason," Renee said, brushing one hand through the air as if knocking a fly aside, "called and told me that he'd keep the will 'as-is for now,' and that if Ethan wanted to sign it later, he could come back and sign it."
A rubber button popped up, and Ray moved over to a cow to remove the milker and hang it on its hook, while muttering epithets about Klein's lack of ability to gauge what had happened in his office.  He said to Renee, "Ok, good to hear, good to hear.  Had a nice chat with Klein today.  He's a real talker, that one."
"Why didn't Ethan sign the will?  Ray?"  Renee folder her arms and waited, watching her husband pick up the teat dip bottle and dunk the cow four times.  "Ray?  Did you hear me?"
"I heard you," said Ray, throwing the bottle to the cement floor, where the pink fluid ran into a trough.  "He didn't sign it because he decided he's an atheist.  That's why he didn't sign it."
"What?"
"You heard me.  He doesn't believe in God.  So I told him when he changes his mind about that, he can sign the will.  Until then, I don't care what he does."
"What?"  She put her fingertips on her temples.  "Ray, are you kidding me?  You excluded him because of something he said, on the day when his brother stole his girlfriend?  He's been punished enough for one day."
"You hated that girl anyway.  How many times did I spend my last ten minutes of the day on the pillow listening to what you disliked about that girl and her mother and her uncle and God knows who else.  No, it doesn't change the fact that Jacob fouled up, but if Ethan's got no religion, he's out," said Ray, holding his thumb in the air like an umpire and leaning toward Renee.   
"Not if I have a say.  I have a say in this."
"Your name isn't on the title of this farm, Renee.  You'll get the money if I croak, but I get to say who farms it."
"We'll see about that," said Renee, gritting her teeth and shoving past Ray.  "We'll just see about that.  You got no right to keep him out.  You got no decency…"
"I got every right," said Ray, raising the past.  "I got more than every right.  Ethan took a long time to do it, but he showed his true colors today, and his mind works like a Werther after all."
"You bastard!  You were just looking for an excuse to exclude him!" said Renee, throwing the radio at Ray.  The music died when the speaker shattered against the cement.  "So righteous, you are!  This is your way of getting back at me now, isn't it?  Isn't it, Ray?  Well, if you didn't want to raise him, you could have said so ten years ago."
"Like I had a choice!  I'd already spent ten years raising him," Ray yelled.  
"You are gonna pay for this, Ray," she promised.  "You are going to pay for this one.  I guarantee you, the day will come when I hold the cards and you won't.  It will not go as planned for you, I promise you that, Ray."
"Promise me something else," said Ray.  "When you go into the house, promise me you'll take a PMS pill.  Can you do that for me?  I had no problems with Ethan until today, but if there's one line no son of mine can cross, it's this one."
"That's right, that's because you think you are God," she said, "and you forgot, you're just a farmer."  
She left the parlor and entered the milkhouse, pulling the bandana from her hair and dropping it in the milkhouse sink as she passed.  Revenge, as it turned out, could not wait, as her eyes pried her surroundings for something sacred of Ray's that she could defile.  Rifling through a cabinet, she took out the Playboy magazine and turned to the centerfold page and ripped it out, and not knowing what to do with the picture of the woman, she let it fall to the floor, if only to remind Ray of his double-standard for morality.  What she did not know was that the magazine belonged to Jacob, not Ray.  She muttered, "And you can forget about having sex for the rest of your natural life, Ray. You'll need this centerfold and many others."  As the naked woman soaked up water on the floor, Renee noticed the plug on the bulk tank and thought of how Ray stormed and raged when Joachim Frye let all the milk run down the drain.  A wry curl on her lips spread as she reached down and unscrewed the plug, and watched the white begin to flow and spill upon her fingertips, until the last thread of the screw released and the gush began.  Hundreds of dollars, she watched with glee as it slipped down the drain, knowing that it would affect her budget more than her husband's.  The monetary punishment would be hers to suffer, and the satisfaction would be worth every penny gone without.  Watching the milk disappear, she resolved in her mind, that neither Ray nor Jacob would ever be allowed purchase of the Masterson acres, but Ethan alone would own those three hundred, even if she died a pauper in wresting the deed from her brothers and delivering it to her son, Ethan.  
On her way out of the milkhouse, Fonzy the cat nuzzled Renee's foot and she swatted him away with her manure-laden boot.  At the house, she kicked her heel against a concrete step to remove the rubber boots and walked directly into the kitchen, collected Ethan's books, and exited the house with the backpack over her shoulder, to her car, only to find that the battery had died, since Ethan in his furious return had left the door ajar, the interior light had drained the battery.  This did not deter Renee.  She had Jacob's keys.  
In his truck, she cringed upon opening the door.  The smell of Tara's perfume touched her, invaded her lungs.  She shuddered amid the evidence of injustice. 
On her way into town, she searched for Ethan on the shoulders of the road, then carefully navigated the streets among the ghosts and goblins that wandered from house to house.  She stopped periodically to shout at friends and acquaintances and ask about Ethan, even stopping at the Ingeston house to ask if they had seen him.  Dave Ingeston answered the door and turned Renee away with a soft rejection, as Tara peeked out the window, sullen in her bedroom prison cell.  
After searching the gas station, the Legion, and the pub, Renee stopped at the lawyer's office.  Klein pointed down the road, in the direction he last saw Ethan walking.  Renee admonished Klein for allowing Ray to block Ethan, but Klein protested saying that the decision came from Ray.  
Driving out of town, she recognized the shape of her son walking along the shoulder of the road, already several miles from the lawyer's house.  Alongside Ethan, she slowed the truck and rolled down the window, waiting for him to look over.  Finally, she said, "It's me, not Jacob.  I have your books, Ethan."
Ethan said, "Just drop them off at my car in the field, please."
"Can I give you a ride, dear?"
"No, mother."
"I need to talk to you."
"Meet me at my car," he said.  "I'm not getting into that pickup."
"Ok, Ethan," she said, driving ahead the last half mile, allowing him some space.  Renee turned into the field driveway and parked next to Ethan's car.  Stepping into the field, she observed the Werther house on the other side of the remaining unpicked corn.  Hands on her hips, she watched her son approach on the road under the wide-open sky and the flat prairie going for miles to the horizon.  A vast openness and emptiness whipped in the autumn wind.  This was the same gaping sky that she and Josh had once gazed at during that summer they spent together so long ago.  A lifetime ago, and still only yesterday.  Goose-bumps raised on her forearms and her neck as the air played with her short, untidy hair.  Ethan stepped down from the road, still taking swift steps, with his head up but eyes unfocused.  
She handed the backpack to Ethan, who took it and said, "I won't be back in Immaculate for a long time."
"Then I will come to see you," said Renee, taking his hands.  "I'll visit, alone, until this passes."
Ethan scoffed.  "This will not pass, Mom.  I didn't just wake up and decide this morning…"
"I'm not talking about God," said Renee.  "Never mind God when you're talking to me.  If you told me you'd murdered someone, I'd spend my life on the run if I had to.  You're not the only one Ray messed with today."
"Oh?  Were you disowned as well?" asked Ethan, not allowing Renee to respond.  "Yeah, didn't think so."  He started toward the car door, saying, "Goodbye, Mom.  Call me in a few hours if you need reassurance that I made it back to the dorms.  But I won't be calling the home phone number."
"Ethan," she said.  "There is still a farm for you, one that neither Ray or Jacob can have."
He stopped.  Irritated, he said, "What are you talking about?"
She said, "This farm, Ethan.  The one you are standing on.  This belongs to me, not Ray."  She paused and pointed behind her, across the road, toward the town of Immaculate, trying to lasso the three hundred acres with her index finger.  "Ethan, I will talk to my brothers and be the thorn in their side until I get a guarantee that this land will belong to you."
Too stunned to respond, he listened carefully.  
"On my grave, Ethan," she said, doing the sign of the cross, "this land here will be yours, if you want it.  I want you to go back to school knowing that – you may have lost a small farm today, but gained a larger one.  As long as I am breathing, this will be yours when you are ready for it."  When he still did not respond, she said, "Study hard and save your pennies, Ethan.  If it takes ten years, or twenty for you to decide.  Just go and continue on from where you are now, and know that this is here.  Ok?"  
"But…"
"Don't decide anything now, just know that I've promised you."
"Ok."
She hugged him briefly, with a tight embrace before letting go.  
Over his mother's shoulder, he could see the Werther house. 
Ethan said, "I should go see him before I leave."
"Who?" said Renee, pushing back from Ethan to view his face.
"My real Dad."

Chapter 31. 

The deer in Hank's garage attracted company.  Men in trucks circled the block, craning their necks on their first pass, and parking on the second pass, stopping to visit the dead animal, it being a conversational springboard.  A man wearing a shirt with a picture of a wolf under a full moon waddled into the garage.  A farmer in a blaze orange camouflage zip-up sweater parked and moseyed up the driveway, hands in his pockets, eyes locked on the carcass.  Hunters were drawn to the garage light like moths.   
Tommy had returned to the Hank's without Judd, calling his cousin a 'hothead' and Hank tried to put the man out of his mind, but he silently dwelled upon it.
In the rear of the garage, near a window, Hank held court under his swaying deer while sitting on a deep-freeze that contained a quarter-cow of ground beef and fifty Hungry-Man TV dinners.  Judy sat next to Hank, while Hank's wife, Mary, monitored the Butterball turkey rolling in the five-gallon pot of boiling oil.  Mary commanded all cigarette smokers to stand back, and even sent her son Roy into the house to avoid the conflagration she foresaw in the turkey endeavor.  
The real reason she sent Roy inside had to do with Judy, who Mary watched closely, the ex-stripper sitting very near her tipsy husband.  The two wives avoided each other at all costs, but crossed paths daily because of their inseparable husbands.  They clashed at every sentence, with Mary coming from a pious farm family and Judy coming from a broken home in the city.  
The man in the wolf-print shirt nattered in his customary manner about a card game recently played in his basement, sparing no details about each hand, who had held the ace, who had reneged and who may have cheated, all the while unaware of his lack of audience.
To be nice, Hank nodded, but stopped listening when he noticed a car pulling into a neighbor's driveway behind his house, which he could see through a window on the rear of his garage.  Behind a shed, the car stopped.  A woman in a white dress stepped out of the car and slipped across the lawn toward a camper behind the house in the grass.  A blonde woman.  Crossing the lawn, her head turned from side to side, as if being chased.  The woman opened the door of the camper and stepped inside.  

The wolf man continued, "Gus was sitting on the nine of hearts, and of course, he thought trump was already played out – but it wernt.  I had the queen."
"You rascal," said Hank, turning away from the window for a moment, then ignoring the man again.  

Hank was curious about the woman, since his neighbor, Walt Werther, spent winters as a snowbird in Florida.  Walt had no daughters.  A widower, he had no wife.  While Hank wondered, another car entered the backyard, a car known to Hank and to everyone else in town.  The Werther Cadillac.  It was the only Cadillac in Immaculate newer than 1987.  
The car stopped near the camper, next to the woman's car.  Josh Werther stepped out in a suit, hair pasted to his scalp, and walked across the yard with purpose.  

"Then it was down to offsuit.  The nine…no, the ten of spades, that was the first card laid in the last trick...the ten."
"The ten of shovels, got it," said Hank.  

Josh wore a suit, and his hair appeared different.  When the front door of the camper opened, a woman's arm emerged and pulled Josh by the tie inside.  Hank pressed his nose to the window to get a closer look, brushing Judy as he turned. 
Mary, Hank's wife, pounced, saying to Judy, "Can you spare a foot of separation between your thigh and my husband?"  
Judy said, "What was that?"
"Or find another seat, in another garage?"
Hearing the argument gaining momentum, Hank stood up from the deep-freeze to truncate the conversation.  "Ladies, ladies.  No fighting, please.  I have to go somewhere for a bit.  I'll be right back.  And ladies, there's no need to argue when you can both have me when I get back, at the same time if you like.  Right, honey?  Mary?"  When she did not laugh, he said, "Ok, fine, sweetheart.  It can be one at a time then.  I'm flexible.  Mary, I'll be back in a bit.  I gotta go somewhere."
"Where?" she asked. 
"No time to explain!"
The two women stared at one another for a moment, until Mary turned and entered the house to watch out the rear window, to keep an eye on her husband.
Out the back door of the garage, Hank ducked and ran to the edge of his fenced yard, slipping through a gaping unrepaired hole in the chain-link, to creep toward the camper.  Cupping his ear against the aluminum side of the camper, he heard giggling, the sound of glasses clinking.  When the woman spoke, he knew the blonde was not Kathy Werther, since this voice had a caress in it, more breath along the edges, a countrified playfulness.  Likewise, Josh sounded different – his tone did not match his professional character.  With prying eyes, Hank crouched at window height, and through the lime-green polka-dotted curtains he observed the couple in the camper, sipping wine on the fold-down table-bed.  The woman, slender at the waist and curvy in her white dress, leaned in for a kiss.  Josh dipped one of his fingers underneath the armstraps of the dress and pulled it aside, and when the woman's head tilted back, the blonde hair fell off her head, onto the floor.  A wig.  When her head returned upright, Hank recognized Shannon Hoffman, from the pictures.  
"Oh, now that's definitely naughty," Hank whispered, marveling at the wig and wondering if his wife might wear one sometime.  "You dirty dog, Werther," he said, thinking of his friend, Jack.  But he also thought about the wig, and took a second and third peek at Shannon Hoffman before he ran back to his yard and hatched a plan.
The plan only consisted of one-step, and that was its flaw.  Hank grabbed a bungee cord that lay amid the mess in his yard, and returned to the camper, stopping at the front door, which was the only entrance and exit to the camper.  He wrapped the hooked end of the bungee cord around the doorknob.  The other end he pulled tight and reaching underneath the camper, hooking it upon the steel frame of the trailer.  With his finger he plucked the cord, testing for tautness, and smiled, but not for long when he realized that his plan had ended at the idea of trapping the lovers inside.  
Hank sat in the grass to think for a moment, standing now and then to peek inside the window when the voices inside became intimate with sighs.  For inspiration, Hank fondled his beard.  Given his own history of errors, to expose Josh felt hypocritical – until Shannon made a remark that Hank misconstrued as an insult to Jack Hoffman. 
" John," Shannon said, playing with Josh's hair.
John.  This was Jack Hoffman's real name.  Unaware of the role-playing going on in the camper, Hank found this disrespect to Jack Hoffman extended too far, beyond decency.  Sure, Hank considered, Jack was a manure-smelling mumbling nasal-talker, but he deserved better.  The idea that Werther would actually pretend to be Jack while underneath his wife – it crossed Hank's moral line in the sand, which tended to move daily. 
""Werther, you skunk," Hank said, as he crouched and ran back to his house, circling the garage to avoid the wolf-print man and the scowls of Judy and Mary.  In the street, he jumped into his truck and started it, waving to the people in his garage as he drove around the block to back into Walt Werther's yard, backing up swiftly, expertly, since he had spent most of his adult life driving all varieties of trucks.  
With his pickup near the camper, Hank ran to the jack and cranked it downward until the camper's coupling rested on the ball hitch.  In the window that faced the front of the camper, two faces appeared, aghast at the sight of Hank, who saluted them and ran back to the driver's side door of his pickup and drove off with his prisoners.  
In his rear-view mirrors, Hank watched the door of the camper open an inch and shut again, giving him a chuckle when the bungee cord reverted the door to the closed position.  
But again, Hank had not thought past this step in his plan and drove around town, wondering what to do with the camper.  "Surely they have their clothes on by now," said Hank to himself in the mirror.  "Unless they are really dirty," he said, and then asked himself, "Shall we shame them, Hank?"  
He scratched his bald head and marveled at his beard.  Hank drove, with the company of himself in the mirror and billowing delusions of grandeur.  He passed orange and black Halloween decor, the happy faces of children, the goodness of the small town life.  And observing it while he pulled the camper caused him to laugh at the world, as he sometimes did while driving and considering all that he had done and knew and seen and touched, and wondered how he could not spend all day every day laughing at the world in all its foibles, in its constant disarray and the cyclic things that happened over and over again.  Even his beard gave him laughter, since in high school he had hair on his head, but wanted a beard, and now he could grow a beard, but wanted hair on his head.  
On Hank's manic spectrum, this humorous feeling marked the apex of his moods, in contrast to the terrible nadirs, when he struggled to get out of bed and tie his shoes.  But in high spirits, with the wholesome children walking the streets, Hank could not shame Josh or Shannon, not ruin them for their mistake, having made thousands of mistakes himself.    
He set his course for Walt Werther's yard again, where he backed into the driveway and set the camper into its original tire tracks.  He unhitched the camper once again, and released the jailed adulterers from their bungeed door.  Their sheepish faces showed Hank that the affair had ended during their Halloween ride through Immaculate. 
 

Chapter 32.  

When Josh crept out of the camper, he already knew the depth of his destroyed reputation, now that Hank Murphy and Judd Blanks both knew.  He sought isolation, to hide from the story that he expected to engulf the town like a flash flood.  Like Kathy had done earlier in the day, Josh ducked in his car, in fear of recognition.  
Through Immaculate, Josh drove, low in the seat, peering over his steering wheel in search of his mother, June Werther, and his trick-or-treating children.  The happiness on children's faces guarded every street, putting Josh's own depravity into high relief.  An old couple in wheelchairs sat near the sidewalk handing out candy, laughing together, even holding hands.  He rolled down his window to cool off and heard a girl cry out, "Step on a crack, break your back," and turned to see a line of girls carefully hopping along the sidewalk.  Little boys sang a hit song swinging their bags of candy in the air.  Girls curtsied in their princess costumes.  Mothers corralled children near street corners, checking for traffic three times before crossing.  A dog leapt into a pile of wet leaves to retrieve its ball, and it was all too clean-living for Josh after where he had just been.  
On one of the thin streets of Immaculate, Josh spotted a witch and a tarantula, and Bryce in his Superman pajamas, waddling alongside his grandmother holding her hand.  Pulling the car onto the grass, Josh rolled down the window and motioned to his mother, saying, "I'm ready to take them."
June said, "Do you want to join us?"
"No," he said.  "I'm ready to take them home."
"I wanted to take them to Hope Carter's house," said June, smiling with benevolence, her ever-present happiness overflowing while she spent time with her grandchildren.  "Hope will want to see them.  That lady goes all out on Halloween.  Did you see the spider web in her tree?"
"No," said Josh, "no I didn't.  It's time to go home."  When June remonstrated, Josh repeated his order in a demanding tone that he usually reserved for certain conversations at work, not for his mother.  

Unhappy, unwilling, the children rode home in silence after Josh snapped at them in the backseat, even threatening with his hand to reach back and crack the next one that spoke.  This type of abuse he had never threatened in ten years of child rearing, but having lost all order in his life, he overreacted.  Rhea cried silently and Dawn stared out the window, mumbling wisecracks.  A five minute drive to the house felt like hours.  The dashed yellow lines on the highway ticked by under the alloy wheels of the Cadillac.  
In the garage, Josh said, "Everyone out.  It's time to get ready for bed."
Protests surged.  Dawn said, "We haven't counted the candy yet.  And mom said we can watch one scary show."
"Inside," Josh said, losing his temper and holding the door open to the house as his children passed under his arm.  Only half-attentive, he nearly closed the door before realizing that Rhea never exited the car.  She sat in the back seat, weeping.  But rather than talk her out of one of her paralyzing dispositions, he grabbed Rhea by the arms and carried her to the entryway of the house, setting her on her feet.  She stood with her head down, staring at her shoes, staggering to catch her balance like a zombie.  
"I'm tired of this crying all the time," said Josh.  "Why are you always crying?  What the heck is wrong with you?  You've been sad since day one."  When she did not move, he dropped to his knees and seized her shoulders.  "Pick your head up."  Still she did not move, and he let go of her in disgust, leaving her among a pile of shoes, with tears falling from her cheeks to her costume. 
"Dawn," said Josh, "you can watch a show, one show.  Bryce – time for bed."
Bryce tried to run but Josh's arm circled his waist.  Up the stairs he carried the boy, who flailed and kicked about, until halfway up the stairs Josh switched his grip and managed to control the limbs by pinning his arms down.  He whispered to the boy, "Blanket?  Do you want your blanket?"  At the mention of the beloved blanket, the boy lost all fight.  His eyes widened and he leaned back to inspect his father's face.  
At the top of the stairs, Josh turned down the hallway, stepping close to the railing that overlooked the main living room, some fifteen feet below.  On his way to Bryce's bedroom, Josh heard a knock on the garage door, and heard the sound of someone pulling on the doorknob.  A sense of fear struck him, with the notion that Judd Blanks had arrived to do him harm.  Josh leaned forward to peer into the living room beneath, trying to peer beyond the chandelier that partially blocked his view to the kitchen.  The boy started to squirm in his arms, and muttered his word for blanket, unhappy with the pause in his progress toward the promised blue flannel.  Searching with his eyes, Josh held his breath and listened, and failed to react as he usually did, when Bryce lunged backward. 
The fall took but half a second.  The crash on the hardwood was not loud at all.  A dull thud, like someone jumping off a bed to the floor.  And it did not seem real or possible.  Josh, speechless, leaned over the railing.  A hundred times, or a thousand, he had caught the backward lunge, and that he missed Bryce in this case, impossible.  
Bryce lay inert on the floor, face-down, with his head turned to one side and his legs splayed outward, arms at his side.  Josh's mouth gaped but he could not yell.  Putting one hand over the other, he started pulling himself down the hallway railing, and somehow decided that he could not wait to run down the steps and instead put his foot upon the rail and leaped to the floor, falling the fifteen feet and crashing onto an end-table, shattering it.  
"Bryce!" he shouted, rolling the child over and picking him up in his arms.  
When Dawn heard the sound, she ran in from the kitchen holding a sucker in her hand and asked simply, "What happened, Daddy?"
"He fell.  Bryce fell.  Go get in the car, Dawn.  Get Rhea."
"How did he fall?"
"Bryce," said Josh, touching the boy's face, wiping the blood away from his little nose.  "Bryce.  Bryce, buddy.  Blanket, Bryce?  Do you want your blanket?"  
"Daddy, is he sleeping?"
"Into the car.  Yes, he's sleeping.  Bryce," he gasped, "is sleeping."
Carrying the boy in his arms, Josh ran to the garage and opening the door was shocked to see his son Ethan standing there with Renee, whose mouth dropped when she noticed Bryce's flaccid limbs.

On the drive to town, Bryce lay supine with his mouth open and eyes shut on Josh's lap.  Like Kathy's maniacal drive the night before, Josh careened on the turns and passed several vehicles risking further harm to one and all.  A bit of throw-up appeared on Bryce's mouth and Dawn tried to clean Bryce's face while sliding from side to side on each tight corner.  
A set of headlights followed them.  Renee and Ethan raced to keep up to Josh.
In the center of town, the light in Dr. Parker's office shined, as always, and Josh crossed the center line of main street to park on the wrong side of the street, stopping with his front wheel on the sidewalk.  He honked the horn for a moment, to summon the doctor, and then stepped out of the car with Bryce in his arms, leaving the engine idling.  Nearly dark outside, the silhouette of Dr. Parker appeared in the window just as Josh opened the door of the office.  A second person stood in the waiting room with his arm in a sling.  It was Jacob Marak, dropped off for repairs.
"Parker," said Josh.  "My boy fell.  He fell.  Over a railing in the house, he fell from my arms."
"Set him here," said Doctor Parker, quickly fumbling in his pocket to find his reading glasses.  "Gently, very gently, set him on the couch," said Dr. Parker, pointing to the waiting room's green antique.  "He mustn't be moved again.  Josh, you call the ambulance from the phone on my desk."  Josh did not move but kneeled beside the couch.   The doctor turned to Jacob and said, "You go into one of the rooms, please."  He shouted,  "Josh!  Make the call."  
Without hesitation, Jacob turned and walked to the first patient room in the hallway, leaving a crack in the door so he could observe the waiting room.
"Josh," commanded Dr. Parker.  "Call the ambulance dispatcher.  Her number is next to the phone."  
Josh backed away without noting his surroundings until he bumped into the doctor's desk.  Dawn and Rhea, with pallor in their faces and still wearing their costumes, stood on either side of Dr. Parker's elbows as he inspected Bryce with careful hands.  The door of the office opened with Renee and Ethan entering solemnly, moving to a wall, standing in silence.  Renee could not keep her hands from shielding her eyes, fearing the worst. 
Dr. Parker rolled up the sleeves of his sweatshirt.    
On the phone, the dispatcher spoke in Josh's ear and he tried to reply amidst his own confusion and disbelief.  Immaculate lacked its own ambulance service and the dispatcher said that she would send the first available vehicle, with an apology, since the only available ambulance in Sharpsboro had already responded to an accident elsewhere and was currently en route to the hospital in Tonnamowoc.  "What does that mean?" asked Josh.  "That we have to wait an hour?  Or more?  What about sending another from the city?"
The dispatcher had already sent the request, and made another apology for scarce resources on a typically busy holiday night.  Reluctantly, the dispatcher admitted that the other ambulance would need at least a half hour to arrive, and Josh let the phone slide to his chest, as he held the cord near his neck. 
"What can I do, Parker?" said Josh.  "What can I do?"
"Pray."
The doctor kept working on Bryce.  After many years of practicing medicine, he gained a strong and terrible intuition for knowing when life has passed, and he felt the boy fading.  As many times as he watched light dim in the eyes of an elderly person, and finally disappear under his gaze, nothing could prepare him for the seven times that he had witnessed it happening in a child, one of whom was his own child.  
"I can drive him to the hospital," said Ethan.
Parker shook his head and without looking up replied, "He needs to stay here.  He'll stay with me until the ambulance can transport him."
"What can I do?" asked Josh, getting down on his knees on the end of the couch to assist.  Putting his fingers on the crown of Bryce's head, Josh gently touched the hair of his son and thought the boy must be sleeping.  Many times in the crib, the baby boy slept with an open mouth.  Josh often felt the need to touch the boy just to cause him to stir, to make sure there was life.  Asleep, or unconscious.  But in the crib, a long pause between breaths always resulted in soft sound of inhalation or exhalation. 
The girls began to cry upon hearing Dr. Parker.  Josh, already on his knees, pressed his hands together and leaned downward toward Bryce to say the Our Father.  He had never been a religious man, until now.  
Renee broke into a sob and put folded hands to her forehead. Jacob saw his mother's reaction, and he moved forward to comfort her, opening the door of the patient room, which drew Ethan's attention, and the brothers stared at each other, over a chasm. 
Dr. Parker said, "He's still breathing.  I'm going to secure him and we'll take my Explorer. Josh, take the keys and put the seats down so we can transport him.  Renee - you take the girls home right now and find Kathy."  When Renee did not respond, Dr. Parker said, "Renee, I need you to concentrate."

Chapter 33. 

At midnight, the door of the Werther house opened.  Kathy stepped inside quietly, thinking of her sleeping children.  A smell of cigarette smoke clung to her coat and fingers.  During her soul searching hours she rediscovered a habit she had kicked for ten years.  But lighting up in her rusty Toyota did not give the satisfaction it once did.  Every light in the house burned brightly and she started to flick switches in making her way to the kitchen.  A folder in her hand contained important documents, the beginning of the end for Josh and Kathy's marriage.  In the kitchen, she gathered herself, intending to wake Josh and deliver the news to him. 
An electrical hum came from the living room and Kathy shook her head, knowing that the TV caused the white noise.  Steeling herself for confrontation, she entered the living room expecting to find Josh sitting up, but when she turned the corner, she saw the girls on the carpet, in costume, sleeping on the floor with dirty faces.  "That man," she whispered, kneeling down to stroke Rhea's hair away from her face.  
"Mommy," said Rhea, with her eyes still closed.  
"Hello sweetheart," said Kathy.  "Let's take you up to bed."
"I don't want to go to bed.  I'm scared."
On the floor nearby, Dawn stirred.  Rhea asked, "Is he awake now?"
"Is who awake?"
"Is Bryce home yet?"
Dawn sat up and looked at Kathy, until she broke out in tears.  Kathy said, "Dawn, what's wrong?  You girls are tired.  It must have been a big night.  Why didn't your father put you in bed?  Where is he?"  This display of Josh's neglect fueled her anger further. 
Dawn said, "Bryce is…"  
"Bryce is what?"  Kathy did not understand.  "He's sleeping?"
"No, he's not sleeping," said Dawn.  "He's with Daddy and Dr. Parker."
The mention of the doctor made Kathy's knees freeze and she put her hand on Rhea's back to steady herself.  "Where is Bryce, Dawn?  You girls," said Kathy, "you probably ate a lot of candy…and – "
"He fell, Mommy," said Dawn.  "He fell over the railing, and Dr. Parker and Daddy took him to Tonnamowoc."
A lump in Kathy's chest formed.  "He fell?  Where did Bryce fall?  Is he upstairs?"
"No," said Dawn.  
The papers in the folder were forgotten. Kathy's chest started to heave and she leaned over with her hand upon her sternum, pressing hard against herself.  "We need to find Daddy," she said, stuttering, unable to digest what Dawn had said about the fall. Grabbing an arm of the couch, Kathy lifted herself to her feet, she pressed her other hand against Rhea's cheek and only then sensed the presence of others in the house.  At the kitchen table, she saw Renee and Ethan sitting in silence.  
Renee stood and said, "Kathy, we need to go to Tonnamowoc.  Dr. Parker asked us to watch the girls.  But we need to go now.  Bryce is breathing but he's in critical condition.  Josh is in a waiting room."

The girls followed their mother.  Both Rhea and Dawn were in tears once again.  Rhea picked up her teddy bear and held her mother's hand as they made their way out the door to the car.  
Renee drove while Kathy sat in a catatonic state in the passenger seat.  The girls rubbed their faces, trying to stay awake, but dozed off.   Rhea leaned on Ethan's shoulder with each bend in the road, as Renee sped past the fields and farmhouses. 

When they reached the waiting room where Josh was supposed to be, they found nothing but empty chairs.  A nurse directed Renee and Kathy to a room down a hall.  Nearing the door, Kathy heard a noise coming from one of the bedrooms, a muffled sound, and she closed her eyes and kept a tight grip, listening for the sound of Bryce, but only heard the mumbling of Josh.  
Kneeling before a bed, Josh held his hands in prayer and leaned his head against the slats of the hospital bed rail, wearing a grimace on his face.  Around his knuckles she saw the beads of a rosary and between mutterings, Josh pressed Bryce's blanket against his face and kissed it several times.  
Seeing Bryce's inert face caused Kathy to drop the folder she had clutched since arriving at home, despite putting thoughts of divorce out of mind.  She stepped forward toward the bed and dropped near Josh, her knees thudding on the tile, and she slowly leaned forward until her forehead touched Bryce's hand.  She rebounded and grabbed her husband's shirt and said, "How could you, how could you, you careless man?"  And she beat on his chest with her fists.  
Josh ignored the blows and pressed the blanket to his face.  "Your father was here."  
Kathy looked with abhorrence at Josh.  "My father is dead, Josh."
"Ben was here," Josh said, his voice pitching high as his throat quivered.  "I saw your father."  
Kathy said, "You're a fool.  Is Bryce alive?"
"I saw Ben again."  In a trance, Josh spoke.  "I saw a man in the corner of the room.  He spoke to me.  It was Ben, your father, Kathy.  I saw him."  
Kathy's stopped she leaned into Josh, letting her head fall to his lap and then to the Bryce's hand again.  She wanted him to stop.
"And Ben told me Bryce is here yet, with us.  Did you see Grandpa?  Girls - girls did you see him?  Did Grandpa come to you?"  Josh reached out and pointed at the bed and the wall with his still-folded hands and looked beseechingly at his daughters.  "He was here," said Josh, "as real as the metal on this bed.  Your father, Kathy, he said – he told me that he had been waiting for Bryce but that God is not ready for him.  That God loves the children most in heaven.  And that Bryce…"  He broke off as his voice failed under a sorrowful joy. 
Immovable from the floor, Kathy heard the words and started to sob, unable to control her hands from shaking.  The anger departed her, displaced by grief, seating itself in her, deeper than any fury or resentment.  She ignored Josh and lost herself in the lights coming from the screen that showed Bryce's vital signs, taking little solace in the jagged line that echoed the beats of her son's heart.  Her daughters surrounded her and touched her back, stroking Kathy's hair while she trembled.  
"Your father," Josh said, hands pressed tightly against his chest as he tried to still his voice, "I didn't know it was your father at first.  He said many things."  Josh pushed the beads in his fingers and leaned back to speak more clearly.  "He said many things.  That I must change.  He said I can't destroy myself, that Bryce will be waiting for us in the morning.  Ben said that Bryce may walk again one day.  He said I must take care of his family and come clean about all things, if I want to see heaven, and all of you after this life.  He knew the sins against my family that I've committed.  It is for my sins, for my sins, my sins worse than all the sins in the world…all the sins in the world I must take upon myself now.  For my son, so that he can walk again."
Then Josh could speak no more but only think and pray and yearn with his whole body.  Yearning for the hours back.  When Bryce bloomed.  When the boy put his arms around his neck and called him Daddy.  When he wanted to be pulled in the wagon.  When he wanted Josh to go down the slide with him.  When he wanted Josh to ask a question just so he could say "No".  When he said Mop.  When he learned to pedal his tricycle.  When a wail in the night struck fear in him.  To get up and rock the boy one more time.  To hear the horrible sound of colic again.  To scrub the baby boy in the tub.  To look in the rear-view mirror and watch his gaping snore after a day at the pool or the petting zoo.  When he first rolled over.  When he babbled.  When he ate a cracker.  When simple things were everything.  When there wasn't time to shower or shave.  When the boy stood in the crib and reached out round arms begging to be picked up.  Just to be held by his father.  And the greatest pain in Josh came from the time he evaded the boy in pursuit of frivolous fantasies, meaningless work, and selfish wants.  All his possessions, all his future days, Josh would have traded to see the boy tumbling around the house, wearing the box on his head, or throwing an able-bodied tantrum.  So much taken for granted, now lost privileges.  The baby bottles, the endless messes – and how Josh had grudgingly performed these chores.  Josh was damaged permanently by his error, until his final hour. 
Ethan and Renee entered the room and sat on the floor near the two girls.  Ethan pulled Rhea into his lap, and she folded his hands inside of her little palms.  
"Daddy, can I say a prayer for Bryce?" she said.
Josh could not move, or even nod.  Unable to speak, he pressed his face into Kathy's hair, and Dawn stroked both of her parents' heads while Renee tried not to sob aloud, but watched in agony and wished to God for the boy's strength to awaken.  And Rhea on Ethan's lap, with his hands, prayed the angels through the night, to keep Bryce safe 'til morning's light.  



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


Many thanks to my readers, especially the ones who took a stab at the early drafts.  Special thanks to those who went the distance through the rough: Linda Carpenter, Khalid Adad, and Dallas Flies. 
The Plenty is part two of the family saga that I call the "Immaculate series."  
Thanks for reading!


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Peter Anthony is the author of A Town Called Immaculate, Accelerating Returns, and Drill & Sanctimony.  

