












Same Planet - Different World:  FREE PREVIEW EDITION

The First 12 Chapters

by Ben Clabaugh





Same Planet – Different World FREE PREVIEW EDITION
Ben Clabaugh
Copyright Ben Clabaugh 2013
Published by Bentin Books Publishing at Smashwords


ISBN-10: 1938942205
ISBN-13: 978-1-938942-20-4



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


CHAPTER  1

David Fuller gazed through the kitchen window across the pasture to the deep green of the tree line beyond. Heat shimmers arising from the yellow grass made the trees appear to bump and sway. With a sigh, he shifted his gaze to the yard next door, to the boy kneeling in the grass staring intently at the ground.
According to his mom, the kid’s name was Shelton, he was twelve, like David, and he was ‘Just Darling.’
Yeah, Just Darling, David thought. What kind of name was ‘Shelton’ anyway? And what did it take for his mom to call you ‘Darling?’
He watched Shelton slowly reach out, pluck something from the grass between his thumb and fore finger, then drop it gently in front of him.
David leaned forward, resting with his elbows on the edge of the sink and sighed. The clock perched on the window sill read nine o’clock. That would make it ten o’clock back home. Just about game time. He pictured his old friends, Tommy Greenbauer and Eric Lester, pedaling down the street toward his old house back in Indianapolis, ball gloves dangling from their handlebars. They had been his best friends, and summer had been their time. He sighed again.
Ever since moving, his mom had been pestering him to go out and make new friends. David had mentioned (unwisely, it turned out) that there were no other kids on the street. Plus, since she had forbidden him from riding his bike past the end of the street, and since she now worked all day, everyday, there was no way he could go find some other kids.
His blurted question, “What am I supposed to do, just stand there by the road with my thumb out and hitch some friends?” had cost him a week of dish washing duty.
He heard her talking on the phone, over and over, saying how guilty she felt leaving him alone all day and how she just wished he had some friends like he’d had back home.
Shoulda thought of that before we left, David thought bitterly.
Then she heard that the family moving in next door had a boy David’s age.
“Oooooh, you’ll have so much fun. I’m sure you’ll just be best friends,” she had gushed.
She wouldn’t care if the kid pulled the legs off kittens or ate dog poop, just as long as she didn’t have to feel guilty anymore, he thought.
David straightened and looked around. The emptiness of the house made it seem much larger and almost watchful. With a sense of grim resolve he patted his leg, calling Pete up from his splay-legged slumber on the cool kitchen linoleum. He squared his shoulders, stepped through the door, and walked across the yard.
“Hey, uh, kid,” David said—he just couldn’t believe any kid would want to be called ‘Shelton.’ “What’cha doin’?”
Shelton reached down, carefully selected a grain of dirt from the ground next to his knee, held it poised over an anthill for a moment before placing it gently down.
“Helping,” he said. He brushed his hand on his knee and looked up. “My name is Shelton. And yours is David,” he announced. “And yours is Pete,” he said to the grinning golden retriever. “We already met.” Pete’s tail wagged.
You’re not kidding, David thought and grimaced. He had watched from his bedroom window the day before as Shelton and his parents had arrived in their moving truck. David’s mom, followed by an enthusiastic Pete, stood waiting to greet them. As his mom met Shelton’s parents, David watched in horror as Shelton knelt down on all fours to sniff Pete’s butt–and Pete sniffed Shelton’s, tail wagging at full speed!
At dinner that night when David offered what he had seen as proof that there was something wrong with the kid—that maybe he was retarded and so probably not the best kid for David to spend his time with—his mom said he was being ridiculous.
Fine, David thought. I’ll go over there, meet the kid, and when he starts drooling all over the place or tries to eat my shoelaces, then we’ll see.
He patted his leg and clucked his tongue. Pete returned to his side and sat, still grinning.
He sure doesn’t sound retarded, David thought, but there was definitely something…. off about him. He had a look on his face that reminded David of his little sister, Janie, when she was about two years old. She would sit in the car gazing out the window, her face aglow with amazement and wonder pointing with one hand, pecking David relentlessly with the other asking, “Whassat?”
David would come to see that expression on Shelton’s face almost continually, whether he was ‘helping,’ as he said, or getting pummeled on the playground at school.
The thought of Janie, dead now for almost a year, brought an ache to David’s throat. He coughed to clear it.
“Um, whaddya mean, helping? Helping what?”
“The ants,” Shelton answered nodding toward the small mound of grit near his knees.
“Yeah? My Dad pays me two bucks for every mound I get rid of from our yard,” David bragged. “I just sprinkle this poison powder on ‘em and they go nuts!”
“No,” Shelton said, shaking his head but still smiling. 
No? David thought. No, what? He was already regretting his choice to come over. 
“No, really,” he said. “So far I got ten bucks.”
“It’s okay,” Shelton murmured. David could not tell if Shelton were addressing him or the ants.
David straightened up and looked around, unsure of what to say next.
“Why not try a whole handful,” he ventured. “It’ll go lots faster.”
Shelton slowly shook his head again. “Not up to me,” he whispered. He selected another grain and gently placed it near the crown of the little mound. As his fingers opened, a large, fat red ant scrambled up onto Shelton’s knuckle and two more traversed the back of his hand.
“Hey, watch out!” David cried, stepping back. He’d accidentally stood on an anthill once before. He would never forget the feel of the fiery stings marching inexorably up his legs. It’d felt like he was being dipped slowly in an acid bath.
“It’s okay,” Shelton repeated without looking up. He kept his hand where it was and laughed when several more climbed aboard and circled about before crawling back off.
That does it, David thought, his skin rippling with goose bumps. I’m outta here!

CHAPTER  2

“Well, it was nice to meetcha, but I gotta get going.” David waved, turned and walked quickly back around the front of his house and into the open garage.
He put Pete in the kitchen, grabbed his bike and pedaled up the street, thinking that if he found no friends and came home, who would know? And if he did find some friends, his mom would be so happy she wouldn’t even care he had broken the rules—maybe. Any risk was worth not being stuck with Shelton all summer.
As he pedaled past, Shelton was where he had left him, ‘helping.’ Man, what a weirdo, David thought. Shelton lifted a hand to wave, but David stared straight ahead, focusing instead on the back of the black SUV parked along the curb three houses down.
He frowned. He could see the silhouette of a man sitting in the car, and from the puddle forming under the hood, he had been sitting there with the car running and air conditioner on for quite a while. The man just sat in the car, unmoving, staring straight ahead. David shook his head as he pedaled past thinking, I’m surrounded by weirdos.
He came to the stop sign at the end of the street. To his right, the ribbon of road rose and fell between rolling, pasture-covered hills. Trees clustered in the low areas, and he could just make out a solitary, old-style stone and white clapboard farm house in the distance with nothing but rolling hills and trees beyond.
He turned left and pumped up the hill. At the top the open pastures gave way to side streets lined with houses much like his own. He was looking for a vacant lot or a park, anywhere there might be a bunch of kids. As he rode, wind from passing cars buffeted him, forcing him off the asphalt and onto a narrow strip of hard packed dirt between the road and the drainage ditch. He began to wonder if this was such a good idea.
He came to an intersection and stopped, trying to decide which way to go. Ahead and to the left, beyond a jumble of rooftops, he could just make out the large, round top of a water tower. He checked traffic then went straight. David zigged and zagged his way from street to street, heading, he thought, in the general direction of the water tower. As he made his way deeper into the neighborhood, the sounds of the busy street behind him faded, and the air felt closer. The hum of his tires on the asphalt, the chattering of the bike’s chain as it swung against the chain guard, and squeak of his left pedal at the bottom of each down-stroke seemed amplified. He saw no movement—no kids, no adults, not even any dogs.
He stopped at another stop sign and wiped the sweat from his face. The temperature had continued to rise, and David regretted not wearing a cap. Squinting in the bright sunlight, he saw the water tower through a gap between two identical brown houses with bright green shutters. Standing on his pedals, he raced around the next corner, skidding to a stop at the curb.
The water tower stood at the far side of a field of mown grass. The field stretched at least half a block in both directions. A chain-link backstop was tucked in the shade of some large trees in the far corner of the field. A couple dozen kids stood arrayed in the field or lounging in the shade, waiting a turn at bat.
Geez, these guys are serious, David thought. They all wore actual baseball pants, either white or gray, and official-looking jerseys—not a pair of blue jeans or regular t-shirt in the bunch. There were no umpires, and he saw several different colors of jersey, so this obviously wasn’t any kind of official, league game. He pulled his bike onto the grass to watch. As he swung his leg over the seat of his bike, the metallic ping of an aluminum bat hitting a baseball drew his eyes skyward in time to see the ball arching upward in his direction.
He could tell right away that the ball would sail far beyond where the outfielders had been standing. He thought he might be the only one that could get to it, but only if he moved fast. David dropped his bike and took off running.
The ball appeared to jump and wobble as he ran over the uneven ground, but he kept his eyes glued to it. Two things happened, then, at once. First, he remembered he did not have a glove. This would make it much harder to catch the ball. On the other hand, if he did, it would be even more impressive. They’d just have to let him play. Heck, they’d beg him to play.
Second, in his peripheral vision, he saw a blur of a blue and white jersey converging toward him.
No way, he thought. The ball was way too far over the kid’s head. Why had he even bothered trying to go for it?
The ball began its downward trajectory, and David pumped harder toward the place he knew it would land. He could not risk taking his eyes off the ball, but the blue and white blur was growing. David thought fleetingly of calling for the ball to warn the other kid off, but then didn’t. Surely the other kid would either hear him coming and back off, or give up, or something. Then all thought ceased as he concentrated every ounce of his will on getting to the ball. He just had to catch it. Appearing out of nowhere, diving spectacularly, and catching the ball bare-handed would be the kind of thing kids would talk about the whole summer.
“Yea, have you met the new kid?” one kid would say.
“Nuh-uh.”
“Man, you shoulda seen him. He was awesome!”
He surged forward, using every last bit of strength. The ball was close enough that he could see the stitching, spinning counterclockwise as the ball dove toward the earth. He lurched, stumbling through a dip in the grass. His left foot caught behind his right calf, and he pitched forward, twisting through the air like Superman with a flat tire. He lunged.
Still could catch it, he thought, stretching his hands out toward the ball. The sound of wind roaring in his ears was suddenly stilled by a loud, hollow thwock! that resounded through his skull. Something large, hard, and heavy slammed into his side. He crashed to Earth, rolling. White and blue filled his vision, and pain flared along his left side.
He came to a rest on his back staring up into the deep blue sky. The clouds danced and spun overhead. He smelled grass, and his arms began to itch. He gently probed the goose egg erupting from his temple where the ball had hit him, wincing as pain flared through head, chest and ribs. He could hear the chatter of black birds, but could see none wheeling overhead.
He lowered his hand, tucking his elbow against his injured ribs. As the spinning slowed, the chatter of birds resolved into the sound of laughter. David slowly propped himself up on one elbow and saw the kids from the infield streaming toward him. Some staggered, clutching their sides and pointing, faces contorted in laughter.
Suddenly, he was slammed back down on the ground, a large shadow blotted out the sun. He looked up to see the blue and white jersey. It was rumpled, untucked, and streaked with grass stains. The left-fielder’s face was red, and bits of grass clung to his tousled, sun-bleached hair. He stood with fists clenched at his sides.
“You trying to kill me, Man? That was mine. Mine all the way,” he yelled, pointing skyward. “What were you even doing here?” he demanded.
“I…,” David stammered then coughed, unable to catch his breath.
“Okay, fine,” the left fielder said, nodding as if coming to some sort of decision. He stepped back and motioned David up. “Get up, tough guy. You wanted a piece of me. Let’s go.”
David shook his head trying to quiet the ringing in his ears. He felt dizzy and disorientated and couldn’t quite find the right way to start a sentence, let alone finish one.
“Come on, get up, ya wuss. Let’s see you take a shot at me when I’m looking.” The other boys had started to arrive and began to form a circle. Sunlight lanced his eyes between the shifting shadows, and David’s head began to throb. He leaned forward, attempting to stand. The earth spun beneath him, and once again, he heard the chatter of birds. He wanted to stand, thinking maybe that would quiet them. He rolled over onto his hands and knees, planted one foot under him, and hauled himself upward, holding his arms out for balance.
The throbbing in his head kept pace with his thudding heart, and he wondered why his brains didn’t just leak out his ears. Faces swam in and out of focus. He blinked, squeezing his eyes shut. He opened them and tried to focus.
The left fielder stood before him, fists up in a boxer’s stance. He thumbed his nose with one clenched fist. The world behind him appeared to David to tilt and twist, like the image in a flexible fun house mirror. A spasm of nausea swept through his stomach.
He bent double, clutching his stomach with both hands. He heaved, and his mouth was forced wide as a great glurt of half-digested squares of Life cereal mixed with the unidentifiable remains of the previous night’s dinner arched out and down, splattering the ground and the left-fielder’s black cleats.
A chorus of groans erupted all around him, and the circle widened instantly. David stared at the black shoes with the bright white laces, stitched-on stripes, and globs of congealed, toasted oat. He felt the world begin to spin, and the shoes slid from view. He landed on his knees, a poker of fire jabbing up through his ribs.
“Geeeeezus, man, you see that? You scared the puke out him,” a voice said, wheezy with disbelieving glee. More laughter. One cleated foot stamped and shook, splattering the grass with goo. David stared stupidly at the remains of his breakfast, hoping that whatever this kid was going to do to him, he would hurry up and get it over with. He fought down another spasm, wincing against the pain in his head and side.
“Ugh, disgusting,” the left fielder growled then leaned in to whisper in David’s ear. “I’d kick your pansy ass right now if I didn’t think you’d just puke on me some more. You just stay away from me. In fact, I see you here again, that’s it. Comprend-day?”
“Yeah,” another voice chimed in, “This is our field. Losers keep out.”
“Hey, it’s after eleven. Let’s hit the pool,” someone else added.
The left fielder turned and walked away, all the other kids falling in line behind him.
David stayed on the ground, bracing himself with his hands on his knees. He watched the kids gather their gear then disappear through a gate in a wooden fence behind the backstop. His head still throbbed and his side felt hot, but the spinning had finally stopped.
He sat, shaking his head, wondering how quickly things had turned to crap. One second he had a whole hoard of potential new friends. He thought he’d struck the mother load. But probably every kid near his age within biking distance had been here, and they had all seen what happened. He would forever be The Kid That Puked.
In the year since his little sister, Janie’s, death, he’d grown accustomed to being alone. His so-called friends back home in Indianapolis just couldn’t seem to stop talking about it, pestering him with all kinds of stupid questions until he just couldn’t stand being around them. Even his parents couldn’t give it a rest, continually trying to get him to talk, sending him to shrink after shrink, claiming he needed to “open up and deal with it.”
He knew they blamed him. He could see it in their eyes every time they turned around expecting to see her, but saw only him, instead.
The one good thing about moving was now he had a chance to start over with a whole new set of people, people who knew nothing of what happened. Now that chance was gone, and the only kid in the neighborhood—in the whole county, probably—who didn’t think he was a total loser was sitting in his yard playing with ants.
He glanced around at the empty field, grimaced at the sour taste in his mouth, and spit. Blinking back tears of frustration and despair, he began to pedal. He pumped his legs, harder and harder, letting the wind dry the tears that coursed down his cheeks. He hurtled through the neighborhood, turning right or left indiscriminately, not really caring where he was going, just wanting to get away from the steaming humiliation of that field.
A car horn blared. David’s right foot slipped from the pedal, pitching him forward and cranking his handlebars left. The bike veered out from under him, launching David into the air. He landed hard on the street, making contact first with his outstretched palms, then his forearms and elbows, and finally with his chin and knees. His teeth cracked together, the sound like a gunshot going off inside his head, and he felt a splinter of tooth on his tongue. He bounced, rolled, and fetched up on his back in the grass at the edge of an expanse of lawn. He rolled onto his back and lay still, his closed eyelids glowing bright orange against the sun. Tires screeched and an engine roared as the car sped away. He smelled burning rubber, and a cackle, like a hyena, wafted from the retreating car. He felt as if his arms had been flayed, and his chin throbbed.
He sat up and checked himself over. Dirt and asphalt speckled the raw patches on his arms like pepper. He gritted his teeth against the pain and felt a small crunch. He spit the tooth fragment and gasped at the flare of pain the movement sent from his chin. He stood slowly, surprised that he had apparently broken no bones. He looked to his left and spotted his bike, relaxing in the shade of a tree in the front yard of a brown split-level house. The front door opened, and a very small woman shuffled out. Her hair was a wispy shade of blue-gray, and her face was so wrinkled David guessed she had to be at least one-hundred years old.
She wore a light blue and pink house-coat and half slippers that covered only the fronts of her feet. She held a cane aloft over her head and shook it in the direction the car with the squealing tires had gone. She stood a moment longer, gazing in that direction, the cane held high.
David heard her muttering, “something-something, hoodlums.” She noticed David as she turned, ducking suddenly, and brandishing the cane. She inhaled as if preparing to shout, but then her watery eyes focused. Her wrinkled mouth formed a silent “O,” and she lowered her cane.
“Oh,” she said with a shocked look on her face, “Oh my.” She reached out and began shuffling toward David.
“Did they,” she started, “Did they hit you dear?” she asked, her voice raspy and cracking. “Those varmints are always racing around, screeching their tires. Gonna kill someone one of these days, they are, if they haven’t already. My word!”
David bent to pick up his bike, tensing his stomach muscles to keep from groaning.
“No, I’m ok. Just a little scrape,” David said through clenched teeth. He swung his leg stiffly over the seat, feeling as old as she looked.
“Now don’t sass an old woman, boy,” she said, getting closer. “Come over here and let’s have a look at you.”
David was tempted. It felt like a long time since anyone had cared enough to look him over. But he had no idea where he was, how to get home, and did not remember his phone number. Then he looked into her watery eyes, saw the white crust of dried spittle on her chin, and his head was filled with the smell of a nursing home his class visited each year to sing Christmas Carols—a combination of ammonia, urine, mold, and decay. He would never forget how some of the people just sat and stared at them, the look on their faces asking, “My God, who are you people, and why have you stolen my shoes?”
David shuddered and shook his head. He sniffed cautiously—mown grass he thought with relief.
“Thanks,” he called to her, putting on a brave face, “but I have to get home now.”
He returned to the intersection where he had almost been run down, stopped, and looked back. The old woman stood in the yard still, looking toward him, her hand shading her eyes. David looked up at the street sign and sighed with relief. Turning left would put him on 51st Street—and from there, he knew how to get home.

As David pedaled homeward, he pressed his left hand to a spot just under his rib cage, below his heart. For months, a tightness had been growing there as if a rock had settled in just over his stomach. He shook his head ruefully and a bitter laugh burst from his lips.
For the first time in a long time he’d felt the light sizzle of hope and excitement, and the pressure of the rock had lessened, just a little. But he’d let the excitement get to him and he’d screwed everything up. He grimaced at the sour taste in his mouth, coughed up a wad from the back of his throat and spat into the ditch.
David pedaled noncommittally, resigned to spending the rest of the summer, maybe the rest of his life, apart and alone. He would turn into one of those sickly, pasty-faced kids that scuttled from class to class, never looking up, never speaking to anyone. He could skip school for days, weeks even, and no one would wonder what had happened to him.
Why did I have to try for the ball? He berated himself. I could have just stood and watched. Eventually they would have asked me to play—if not today, maybe tomorrow.
Why did I do it? He thumped his fist against his handlebars. He knew he could never show his face at the ball field—or anywhere in that neighborhood, for that matter—again.
He fumed as he rode, not really noticing the houses he passed. David could scarcely remember what life had been like back in Indianapolis before Janie had died, but he knew it had been nothing like this. With his little sister gone, it was as if someone had permanently dimmed the lights. Everything had changed, had gotten harder and much, much quieter. Conversation in the house ground to a halt.
His family had moved suddenly—“An opportunity to get ahead,” his mom had told him, trying to sound enthusiastic.
David feigned disinterest, but he had been relieved. Staying in the house had become unbearable. Everywhere he turned he saw Janie; sitting and drawing in front of the TV, or across the breakfast table from him, her chin resting in her hands pushing her lips into a duck bill as she stared desultorily at her oatmeal. His mother had insisted on preserving her room like a museum, the door open. David could never walk past her door without getting a chill and wanting to slam the door shut. It was like his mom left the room that way as a constant reminder to him that he had failed—that it was his fault she was gone.
David suspected most people took some time getting their fresh start. They thought, considered, planned, then started. Not the Fuller family. One day he came home from school to find a “For Sale” sign in the yard. Four days later, they pulled into the driveway of their new home four hundred miles away in some little known Kansas City suburb. It was almost as if his parents had just posted a map on the wall and thrown darts to select their new home. Of course, there was also the possibility that they had planned carefully and just not told him about it until the last minute.  If true, it would not have surprised David in the least.
During the eight-hour drive, his mother had chattered endlessly about how wonderful everything was going to be; Dad’s new job, David’s new school, all the new friends he would meet. He wondered who she was trying to convince.
David wasn’t deaf, and he sure wasn’t stupid. He’d heard enough snatches of whispered conversations to know his father had been laid off after months of “diminished performance,” whatever that meant. He had overheard his dad arguing with someone from work on the phone when he had heard the term. The new job was the only one he could get on short notice, and it paid a lot less.
David had actually been optimistic those first few days in this new place. Here, no one knew anything about him or about what had happened. He could literally be a different person if he wanted, and no one would know. He thought maybe that moving to a new town at the beginning of the summer would be the perfect time to strike up friendships to take into the new school year. The only thing worse than being The New Kid and showing up in the middle of the school year was being The New Kid on the first day of school—unless you already knew people. That was before he knew there were no kids in his new neighborhood.
Their new house was on a cul-de-sac at the end of a road with eight houses down either side, and no one had kids. From the day they moved in, the most David saw of his father was the flash of headlights through his window late at night as he returned home from work.
“Billable hours,” his Dad explained—as if that meant anything to David. After a week of whispered arguments they thought David could not hear through the thin bedroom walls—and, Lord help him, he had tried stuffing everything he could find in his ears to keep from hearing—his mother had gone to work in some office. She started wearing too much makeup and was on the phone all the time, using a high-pitched, overly enthusiastic, half begging tone of voice David had never heard before. She told people so often that she worried about leaving David home alone, it started to sound to David like her own, personal catch-phrase.
Then Shelton’s family moved in next door.

Why couldn’t a normal kid have moved in? Or even a girl.  At least that way, I’d be off the hook, David moaned.
He knew his mom was too relieved to have someone else available to watch over him to believe anything bad David had to say about his new “best friend.” 
David pedaled faster as his anger and resentment grew. Maybe he didn’t need friends. After all, he had been doing fine by himself the last couple of weeks.
“Why didn’t I just sit there and watch?” he muttered.
Even if he never got to play, at least they all wouldn’t think he was the World’s Biggest Loser. David pounded his handlebars again. The front wheel turned, and the bike swerved. David’s legs slipped from the pedals, and he almost crashed again. Once righted, he winced, lightly tracing the scabs on his arms and bruises under his shirt with his fingers.
He braked to a stop at the top of the hill before the turn-off to his road and gazed westward. The gray ribbon of road stretched out invitingly before him, rising and falling with the rolling hills as they marched toward a tree-lined horizon. He coasted down the hill, gathering speed.
At the last second, he leaned hard to his right onto Rosehill Lane. David relaxed and coasted the rest of the way down the hill, along the flat stretch, and up into his garage. He heard a scratching at the door to the kitchen and a muffled yip. David eased the door open. Pete pushed through the opening, slobbered once on David’s knee and raced out to the yard. Leaving the door open, David stepped inside and poured a glass of water from the faucet. His throat was very dry, and where he wasn’t either burning or throbbing, he itched. The phone rang.
“Well hello, David. Have you and Shelton been having a nice time?”
David opened his mouth to say that ‘yes, they had been,’ but something in his mom’s tone stopped him. Sometimes, David knew, adults asked kids questions they already knew the answer to hoping to catch the kid in a lie. David had always thought this practice a dirty trick, but so far had found no one to complain to. It was an especially nasty trick when the truthful answer would land the kid in trouble anyway, so he really had no choice but to lie, thereby compounding his offense and increasing the punishment.
He quickly considered several possible replies; comparing each against the evidence he knew she might have against him, also aware that each millisecond’s hesitation cost him credibility. First, since he had answered the phone she knew he was home and not next door. Second, the only reason she had called over here was she probably had already called Shelton’s house and found he was not there. There really was no way out.
In his most earnest tone, David said, “Mom, I tried. I really did. But the kid’s weird. He.…”
“We’ll talk about it when I get home,” she said, her voice cold.
The line went dead before he could reply. David slammed the phone down, slumped into a chair, and sat back, staring at the ceiling, seething with anger. It was so unfair. It was as if they were starting a whole new life, one that had never contained Janie and where he was like some moving box his parents didn’t really want but could not bring themselves to throw out.
Maybe he could just run away to live in the woods at the other side of the pasture. He could just imagine running along a deer trail, his tattered clothes flapping in the wind, his face painted with ash from burnt logs and crushed wildflowers, just like the Indians. He would squat before a small blaze roasting a charred piece of rabbit he had caught in a snare.
David sat staring resentfully at the phone and listened to the emptiness of the house. His parents may be miserable, but that didn’t mean they had to go and make his life even more miserable by forcing him to hang around with the some retard. Did they want him goin’ stupid, too? He wasn’t sure if whatever the kid had was catching, and he sure didn’t want to find out.
David thumped his head against the back of the chair over and over until the popcorn texture on the ceiling appeared to spin. Then he had an idea so simple, he almost felt embarrassed he hadn’t thought of it sooner.
What if Shelton didn’t like him?
David clapped his hands, leapt to his feet and began pacing back and forth, planning his next move. He knew he couldn’t do anything to hurt or scare Shelton. No, too obvious and he didn’t feel like being locked in his room for the rest of his life.
What if he was just really, really boring? He considered that for a moment then shook his head—no way to tell, yet, what Shelton would think was boring. He’d just have to wait, watch, and then decide.

CHAPTER  3

David stood in the shade of Shelton’s front porch trying to sound out the name on the brass plate on the front door. S-K-I-E-V-A-S-K-I. Pete woofed lightly as if to say, ‘Hurry up.’ David leaned toward the door and turned his head, listening, and heard the faint, tinny sounds of audience applause from a television.
He took a deep breath and pushed the doorbell. Before the start of the second chime tone, the television noises stopped. The final chime wound down to silence.
David waited, still listening, but heard nothing more. He was about to press his ear to the door when he heard a single, stealthy creak. He had cringed at the sound under his own foot in the middle of the night enough times to instantly recognize the creak of a floorboard.
He jerked upright, adopted his most sincere look, and tried hard not to stare into the peephole. Out of the corner of his eye he saw it darken.
A moment later, the clatter of a deadbolt—make that several deadbolts—resounded through the solid wood and the door swung open.
“Yes?” Mrs. Skievaski demanded. She looked him up and down, then stepped brusquely past him and glared up and down the street before stepping back and blocking the doorway.
“Uh,” David stammered, suddenly unsure of what to say. “I’m David.…,”
“Yes, yes, I know.” She fumbled a television remote out of a side pocket, pointed it over her shoulder, and the television lit back to life. Glancing distractedly over her shoulder, she hooked a thumb behind her.
“Shelton’s around back.” She stepped back, and the door swung shut.
David stood for a moment staring at the door. He looked across the yard and considered going home. He thought again of what his mom had said on the phone, and with a shrug, he stepped off the porch and rounded the house.
The back yard was a tangle of weeds, dandelion, and thistle. By comparison, his yard looked like a golf course fairway. As he rounded the corner of the house he saw Shelton sitting in the shade of the patio with his back against the house. He looked up as if he had been expecting David and patted the concrete next to him.
“What happened to you?” Shelton asked.
David stared for a moment, shrugged, sat down slowly, trying not to groan as his crusted scabs cracked and split. He meant to say, “None of your business,” but instead, found himself telling Shelton the whole story. He couldn’t stop. He felt as if his head, heart, gut, and mouth were being gently squeezed until everything he saw, thought, or felt poured out of him.
It felt good. He felt as if he was able to look back over everything he had been through, roll it around and examine it, only this time without the physical or emotional pain. He could look at it differently, and feel differently about what it all might, or might not, mean.
He finally told Shelton about getting home, the phone call from his mom, and his decision to come back over. He finished, exhaling deeply and stared at his shoelaces. Abruptly, David realized two things: First, his chin, palms, in fact his whole body, no longer burned or ached. Second, Shelton’s hand was resting on his forearm. Shelton sat looking at David, a slight smile on his lips and one eyebrow somewhat cocked, as if waiting for more.
David jerked away and stood, rubbing the place on his arm where Shelton’s hand had rested. He thought he should feel creeped out, but he didn’t—and that was confusing.
“Feel better?” Shelton asked, his voice sounding somewhat older and calmer than David remembered.
“Uh, sure. Whatever. I guess,” David answered. He glanced back toward his own house.
“Had lunch yet?” Shelton asked standing and opening the sliding glass door. He paused in the opening, one hand open, palm up, inviting David inside.
“Uh, yeah, uh, I mean, no,” David stammered. “I gotta go,” he said and hurried away to his house.
That night, David told his mom he had fallen off his bike (the truth) and that Shelton and he had hung out in the yard (also the truth, kinda). The latter made her so happy she never mentioned their telephone conversation. David watched and listened in barely concealed horror as she ran to the phone, called Mrs. Skievaski, and made plans for Shelton and him to spend at least the rest of the week together. David groaned and slipped off to bed.

CHAPTER   4

Each ensuing day David spent with Shelton revealed more of Shelton’s oddities. He had no interest in board or card games—or rather his mother would not allow him to play ‘games of chance,’ and he never watched TV. He didn’t know how to throw or catch a ball or play any sports, and he didn’t own a bike. All he wanted to do was go outside and do crazy stuff—not regular crazy stuff like lighting farts or playing ding-dong-ditch-it on the neighbors, but stuff like with the ant hill, or scattering little bits of cloth and wire to help the birds build sturdy nests.
Shelton loved animals. Not just dogs and cats, but everything, and he treated them like he treated people. Once David asked Shelton why he sniffed dogs’ butts. He said he was just being polite and introducing himself. Each night, David would watch and wait, hoping, praying, that his mom would forget to call Shelton’s mom, and each night he went to bed disappointed, dreading the next day.
One night, David’s dad came home in time for dinner. He was smiling for a change and actually seemed relaxed. He announced he had a surprise, which immediately put David on his guard. The past year or so had seen a number of surprises, none of them good. David ate slowly, tuning out most of what his parents talked about. He realized he was actually getting used to this place and dreaded the idea of more upheaval. He tuned in when he heard his dad say, “… tickets?” He was looking at David, an uncertain smile on his face.
“Huh?” David asked.
“I said I got the company tickets to the Royals game this Saturday—three seats. Whaddya think?”
David almost said, “That’s it?” but his dad looked so enthusiastic, proud even, he held his tongue.
“Great,” David said, trying to sound happy.
“Um,” David’s mother began. “I’ve got an open house I can’t miss, this weekend.” Then her eyes slid to David and she smiled. “Why don’t you ask Shelton?”
“Oh no,” David said, shaking his head. “Shelton hates baseball. No, I don’t think he’d want to go. Plus, his mom doesn’t like him to leave the house.”
“Nonsense,” his mom said, getting up from the table, “You just leave her to me.”
She went into the kitchen to make the call, returning a few minutes later looking amused. “Well, that was strange,” she said.
“What?” Dad asked.
“Well, I asked Shirley if Shelton could go to a ball game with you two, and she asked, ‘What kind of game?’” David and his father exchanged glances.
“I told her it was a baseball game, and do you know what she said?”
David shrugged. His dad shook his head.
“She said Shelton doesn’t play baseball. I explained that they weren’t going to play, they were going to watch. She still didn’t get it. ‘Watch who?’ I couldn’t tell whether she was putting me on or not!”
“What’d you say then?” his Dad prompted.
“I had to explain that it was professional baseball. The stadium was in the city, just off of I-70, and that’s where the Major League baseball team played. All she said was ‘Well, ok. If you think it’s all right.’ Then she hung up.”
David’s mom sat back down and sipped her tea, looking amazed. “Honestly! It’s as if they’re from another country, or something.”
They looked at David. “Well.… yeah,” he said, changing the ‘duh’ he had meant to say at the last instant. He said nothing more and sat, hoping that maybe they would finally catch on.
David’s mom shrugged and went back to her dessert. “It’s settled, then,” she said. David slumped in his chair.
“Well, do you think he really wants to go, or would we just be dragging him along?” David’s father asked.
“He’s not really a sports fan,” David said, thinking of the first time he had tried to get Shelton to play catch. After first having to explain what it meant to “play catch,” then finding out Shelton didn’t own a glove, David had almost hopped back on his bike for another try with the kids in the park. He found one of his old gloves in the garage only to discover Shelton didn’t know how to throw or catch. David tried to show him, but his advice to “keep your eye on the ball” ended badly. He had to admit, though, Shelton was a tough kid.
As long as David was throwing and Shelton was missing and running after the ball, he seemed amused. But when he finally succeeded in catching a ball in his glove without the ball first glancing off his body, he handed the ball and glove back to David, said, “That was fun,” and sat down on the patio. David tried to explain that the point was to keep throwing the ball back and forth, and how he and his friends from Indianapolis used to spend hours playing catch in the street.
“Why?” Shelton had asked, looking incredulous.
David was stumped. Why did he enjoy standing in the street throwing a baseball, or a football, or anything else for that matter, back and forth—back and forth—for hours at time?
“Well,” he ventured, finally, “Because it’s fun.”
Shelton rubbed the red swelling just under his left eye and said, “Oh,” unconvinced.

CHAPTER  5

The next Saturday morning the phone rang three or four times. Each time David’s dad answered, and David heard him reassure either Mr. or Mrs. Skievaski that, “Yes we were still going,” that “No, he didn’t think the slight threat of showers early this evening would cancel the game,” that “Yes, it would be a good idea for Shelton to wear a hat, but that since the temperatures were likely to be in the 90's, and we would be home before dark, a jacket was not necessary,” and “No, there was food served at the stadium, so it was not necessary for Mrs. Skievaski to pack a basket,” and finally that “No, a tie was definitely not necessary. Shorts and a tee shirt were actually more appropriate.” He hung up after the last call with a “Whew,” wagged his eyebrows at David and checked his watch.
“All right,” he said clapping his hands together. “Time to go. Let’s git before that phone rings again.” He made a sweeping motion with his arm toward the door to the garage, like he was the bowler, and David was the bowling ball. “Got your glove this time?”
They both grinned at the memory of a White Sox game two years before when they had been visiting Chicago. Their seats had been a couple of rows up from the fence in the right-center field bleachers. It was David’s first game ever, and he had not known that every kid, and some adults, brought their ball gloves to the game. In the top of the 3rd inning he found out why. The Sox were playing the evil New York Yankees. He was seated as comfortably as the wooden benches would allow, a chocolate frosted malt slowly turning to soup as he tried, somewhat successfully, to spoon the mush into his mouth with the flat wooden spoon that came stuck to the side of the carton, when he heard the crack of a bat. He felt and heard everyone around him stand. No one was seated in front of him, so he had an unobstructed view of the ball screaming directly at him. The air was so clear, and the ball seemed so big as it approached, David could see the red stitches as the ball rotated. He froze.
Reliving the incident later on the ride home, David imagined that he had his glove, that he had leapt to his feet, stood on the bleacher, stretched to his full height and snared the ball with the effortless, athletic grace of a natural center fielder. He imagined that after the game, a scout from the Sox stood outside the gate as the fans issued out, on his toes, head bobbing and weaving, looking for him—the next Rookie-of-the-Year.
What really happened was David’s dad and two guys behind him collided going for the ball. They missed, the ball slammed into the empty bleacher seat in front of him, and his frosty malt ended up all over David’s shirt. He spent the rest of the game in a sticky puddle getting crusty.
David remembered getting home from the game and telling his mom and Janie about the incident. Janie had reached out to touch the dark stains on his shirt then put the finger to her mouth. “Hmmmm,” she had said, licking her lips. “Chocolate.” She had insisted on going to the next game so she could have a ‘frosty mutt,’ too.
The memory made his throat ache. He suddenly didn’t feel much like going to the game—especially with Shelton. He turned away from his dad, walked silently through the garage.
David walked across the lawn toward Shelton’s house, trying to regain some of his initial excitement about the game. His dad drove past and honked before pulling into Shelton’s driveway. David looked up, waved, and frowned as he spotted the black SUV parked down the street, exactly where it had been the other day when he was on his bike. From the silhouette of the figure in the driver’s seat, David could not tell if it was the same guy. But it sure looked like the same car.
David drew in breath to say something to his dad about the car when the Skievaski’s front door opened, and Shelton walked out flanked by both parents. His dad blinked in the bright sunlight while his mom fussed over him. David took one look at Shelton and almost laughed out loud.
“Be nice, now,” his dad cautioned quietly, the smile clearly audible in his voice.
David coughed and covered his mouth.
“Are you all right, David?” Mrs. Skievaski asked wrapping a protective arm around her son.
David took a deep breath. “Yes, Mrs. Skievaski. Something just went down the wrong pipe.”
“Hey Shelton, ready to go?” David’s dad asked, clapping his hands together enthusiastically. Mrs. Skievaski looked David and his father up and down, comparing the shorts and T-shirts they wore to the slacks, black leather shoes, and oxford Shelton wore.
“Oh dear,” she muttered and hustled Shelton back into the house.
“Well,” Mr. Skievaski said, rocking on his heels. “Who’s playing?”
“The Royals and the Yankees,” his dad replied, the smile still sounding in his voice. David wondered how he could manage to keep a straight face.
“Should be a good, uh, match, then, hmmm?”
“Yes, it should.” David’s father rocked on his heels, staring skyward, his Adam’s apple bobbing convulsively.
An awkward silence settled over the front porch. Looking upward, trying to avoid glancing at Mr. Skievaski, David noticed a mud dauber building a nest in the upper corner of the porch ceiling. He had been stung once before, right in the webbing between the first two fingers of his left hand. It had felt as if someone had driven an ice pick through his hand. He ducked, pointing upward.
“You’ve got wasps, Mr. Skievaski,” he said.
“Good God, where?!” he gasped and began whirling his hands in front of his face and around his head. He hopped off the porch, coming to rest facing the house in a half crouch, hands up ready to strike.
David stuffed his fist into his mouth and coughed, trying to cover his laughter. His dad plunged his hands into this pockets, cleared his throat loudly a few times, and stared up the street, pretending he had not seen anything out of the ordinary.
Mr. Skievaski straightened out of his crouch and straightened his shirt collar. “Allergic,” he mumbled.
David’s father made an “Oh” with his lips and nodded, knowingly. He winked at David. David turned quickly, pressed his hands against his stomach, walked quickly to the car, and got in to wait.
Shelton and his mother reappeared with Shelton wearing baggy shorts, a T-shirt that looked like it was probably his dad’s, and a cap with an overlarge bill that made David think of Elmer Fudd.
“Great,” David’s dad exclaimed, clapping his hands together. “Let’s get going.”
Shelton climbed into the backseat next to David, and they all waved as they pulled out of the driveway. Mr. and Mrs. Skievaski waved back, standing shoulder to shoulder, watching as they drove away.


As David’s dad steered the car onto 51st Street, he handed a paper bag over the seat. Inside were three crisp, brand new, official Kansas City Royals hats—just like the ones the players wore.
“Whoa,” David breathed, lightly caressing the stiff cotton peak and stitched lettering. He handed one to Shelton.
“Thank you,” Shelton said, placing the hat carefully on his lap, holding it like it was a full casserole dish.
“Well, put it on,” David cried, gratefully snatching at the brim of the Elmer Fudd hat.
Shrugging, Shelton snugged the Royals cap down over his head and turned, smiling. It was better, but the bill was crooked and David thought he still looked a bit like Elmer Fudd. David shook his head, and gazed forlornly into the rear view mirror. His dad drove, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel, oblivious to the torment David was going through. He glanced at Shelton again. Shelton returned his gaze and grinned.
What the heck, David thought. I’m with my dad, we’re going to a ballgame, what does it matter who tags along?
Feeling a little better, he lowered his window and let his hand ride the wind, dipping and swooping like a tiny airplane.
Traffic slowed to a crawl as the old station wagon approached the exit to the stadium. While David’s dad wove his way across the lanes toward the exit ramp, Shelton half-hung out the window, waving and smiling at the people in nearby cars.
David was mortified. He slunk down in his seat pulling the brim of his cap down low over his face, waiting for the honking, jeering, or the sound of car doors opening followed by the beating of fists against the car.
It never came.
He glanced out the window and was surprised to see people smiling and waving back like Shelton was some kind of celebrity. Some people even hollered a greeting out the window. Kids, especially, responded waving maniacally until their car dwindled out of sight. David smiled in spite of himself. People waved at him, too, and he waved back, out of reflex. It was fun. Pretty soon he was waving and smiling as much as Shelton.
At first, David’s dad reacted as if he thought he should know the people waving. He would smile, nod hello, raise a half-hearted wave, then look off into space for a second before shrugging and shaking his head. He did this a couple of times before catching a glimpse of the two boys in the rear view mirror. David met his eye, winked then returned his attention to the road.
David was surprised at how much fun he was having, sharing a smile and a wave. It felt almost like they had a whole conversation—“Hello! How are you doing? You look very happy. You must be having a really good time? Why thank you, and I actually am having a great time. You look like you’re having fun, too. Isn’t this great?”—all conveyed by a wave, a smile, flash of teeth, widening of the eyes, and sometimes a shout and a honk. For the first time in a long time he didn’t feel totally alone. Not only was he with his dad who, for a change, seemed relaxed and engaged, but there were others that actually seemed glad that David existed—and he was glad they existed. The feeling stayed with him even after they exited the interstate and accelerated down the curving exit ramp.


The blue and white Royals baseball stadium and red and white Chief’s football stadium, standing shoulder to shoulder in the midst of an expanse of shimmering asphalt slid into view as the descending ramp curved around a layered, limestone bluff topped by a tall, pointed steel radio tower. From a distance, people filing from their cars to the stadium looked like ants converging on a couple of giant birthday cakes.
Shelton continued to greet everyone in sight, waving and smiling, as they walked from the parking space under the light pole marked P-6 toward the spiral ramp at the corner of the stadium. David had enjoyed it while inside the car, but outside it seemed different. The closer they got to the entrance, the more people they encountered on the walkways, and the more Shelton’s behavior seemed to annoy people. David became more and more uncomfortable. As a father and his young son—David thought he looked about four—neared, the father grimaced as he spied Shelton. He reached out and pulled the boy closer to him protectively as if Shelton were dangerous. The man glared accusingly at David’s father. At once, Shelton lowered his hands. His smile faded, and he stepped aside slightly, giving the father more room.
David knew that the father’s reaction would be repeated endlessly as they were surrounded by more and more people. He looked around self-consciously, realizing that once someone saw Shelton, they would have no choice but to think that David was either so pathetic he could only get this retard as a friend, or they were brothers, and so must be just alike.
He wanted to shout out, announcing that none of this was his fault, that his stupid parents had moved him into this stupid neighborhood and forced him to spend all his time with this stupid kid. David purposefully stepped to the other side of his dad away from Shelton. The paranoid father and his cringing little boy passed. Just as they drew even, without moving his head, Shelton shot the kid a wink and fast, brilliant, ear to ear smile. Fear fled boy’s face and was replaced by a grin of his own. With a giggle he tried to wink back, using his mouth to help get it right, but still closing both eyes.
David watched the transformation with wonder and he felt a surge of guilt. Shelton had seen the father’s reaction and instead of withdrawing, he had simply moderated his enthusiasm, giving the father what he obviously wanted—separation from the “freak”—while giving the little boy what he wanted—attention, a friend, recognition, a secret, and a treat. David continued to watch Shelton and people’s reaction to him as they walked up the corkscrew ramp toward the upper level of the stadium. Some people, especially young kids, greeted him with genuine enthusiasm. Others shrank away, or glared. Most, though, looked through Shelton, noticing him, but working hard at appearing to not notice, as if acknowledging him would obligate them, somehow.
David wondered how the relatively few smiles Shelton received could cover the toll of so much hostility and intentional indifference.
He could feel the heat of derision and resentment from people in the crowd. He felt as though they were all staring at him, blaming him for bringing this “freak” out in public. Snippets and pieces of conversation, some whispered, some not, seemed hurled at him. He walked with his head down staring at his feet, flinching each time he heard, “…disgusting…”, or, “….poor thing….,” or “…retard….” He knew they were referring to Shelton and, by extension, to him. He squeezed his eyes shut and reached for his dad’s hand. He wanted to go home. He wanted to just leave Shelton here, get in the car, drive home, and shut himself in his room.
His father’s hand was dry and warm. David felt a firm, reassuring squeeze. The voices stopped, fading into the incomprehensible buzz of a distant crowd.
He opened his eyes and looked up. The sky was pure, deep blue beyond the shadowed concrete underside of the upper deck. David was standing next to the solid concrete railing at the outer edge of the deck. He looked out and down to the ticket turn-styles, far below. A deep voice echoed from all directions, announcing the ‘singing of our national anthem.’ Bright sunlight, green, green grass and a distant, cascading water fall beyond the right-center field fence shone at the end of a rectangular tunnel leading to their seats like a magic doorway to another world.
He scanned the crowd and spotted hid dad in line at the concession stand. Confused, David looked down his own arm and saw that it was Shelton holding his hand. He looked at Shelton and opened his mouth, preparing to ask him just what the heck he thought he was doing, but he stopped.
Shelton was still watching the passers-by, laughing and waving, and even hooting.  As before, he received some happy, some nasty, and some indifferent returns. David realized that Shelton did not so much ignore the nasty looks, he just did not acknowledge them. He saw them, for sure. He would look into as many people’s faces as the passing throng would allow. He just seemed to discard those nasty faces as if he were sorting pebbles in a stream-bed, keeping those he liked, and dropping those he didn’t without another thought.
David suddenly pictured Janie sitting on his grandfather’s lap, her eyes red and puffy because David had called her a pest. With one eye fixed pointedly at David his grandfather told Janie a story David had forgotten until that moment. The story was about a very wise man named Buddha. Some guy heard that you could call Buddha names and make fun of his family all day long and never make him mad. Wanting to be the first to anger the Buddha, this guy went up to Buddha and really gave it to him. For days, he called the Buddha names, insulted him, and insulted his family. Finally he said to the Buddha, “I have made fun of and ridiculed you and your entire family. How can you stand it?” The Buddha replied, “If you give someone a gift and they decline it, who then owns the gift?”
“Why, I do of course,” the man replied. Buddha walked away.
David remembered the twinkle in the old man’s eye as he waited to see if David had understood. He had. Janie had fallen asleep on his grandfather’s lap, her lips curled slightly upward in a smug grin. David thought she had understood, too.
David swallowed past the hollow ache in his throat, watching Shelton and thinking about the story. Was Shelton’s enthusiastic, sincere greeting and openness a gift? He wondered what the people who responded felt. David remembered the feeling he had felt as they sat in traffic. Even though he and the people he had waved to sat in separate cars and were going to different places, he had felt some sort of connection with them, a sense of sharing that he did not feel with the people in this crowd just two feet away. He shrugged and shook his head.
Maybe, he thought, Shelton’s just a weird, kid. Friendly, but weird.

CHAPTER  6

David relaxed, watching the little vignettes of people’s lives played out in front of him as kids, adults, parents, and groups swept past. A chubby nine-year old, his brow furrowed and lower lip thrust defiantly out, looking like he was dragging a reluctant dog on a leash, hauled his already peaked and harried-looking father into the concession line. Four teenage boys wearing tank tops and baggy cargo shorts ducked in and out of the crowd, chasing one another in some endless, pointless contest. A young woman strode unsteadily by on her high, cork-soled sandals, her long hair falling down past the tie of her bikini top, ignoring the thin, crew-cut letterman following just behind and to her right, holding sweating cups of Coke in each hand, and a tub of popcorn wedged between his elbow and his chest. A man and woman huddled next to the stainless steel condiment island topped with mustard, ketchup, and relish dispensers, their hands moving in short, chopping motions, keeping perfect time with the movement of their thin, angry lips. The man held his hands out in a “How should I know?” gesture. The woman spun on her heel and stalked into the tunnel.
Another man emerged from the tunnel holding a pennant, his face pale and tight. He paused as he emerged into the main walkway, looking right then left. He stood on his tiptoes trying to see over the crowd. He scanned the concession lines, glanced back the way he had come, then took off to the right, searching.
David felt himself pulled to the left. Looking down, he realized he was still holding Shelton’s hand. He let go, and stopped.
“Where’re you going?”
Shelton waved for David to follow. David saw his dad was fifth in line, shook his head, and jogged to catch up.
“Shelton, where…?”
Shouts and curses lifted from the passing throng as Shelton darted across the flow. David danced after him.
“Why don'tcha put a leash on that retard?” one man growled, shaking Coke that had sloshed over the rim of his cup from his dripping hand.
Shelton was standing outside the exit to the men’s room, his hand resting on the shoulder of a little boy of about fiver years old.  The boy was sniffling loudly, and his eyes were swollen and red. His lower lip drew into his mouth with each shaky breath, and he made little, “Huh, Huh,” sounds as he exhaled.
David arrived at Shelton’s side in time to hear the boy say his name was “Tuh….Tuh…., Tommy.” Shelton smiled and held out his hand. Tommy looked up at Shelton. David could almost hear all the warnings about talking to strangers playing inside Tommy’s head as the little boy glanced from Shelton to him, then back to Shelton. Finally, he wiped the tears from his face, smiled at Shelton, and grabbed his hand. Shelton turned and reached for David’s hand. David pulled back, glancing around to make sure no one was paying attention to them, whispered, “Shelton, what are you doing?”
Without answering, Shelton turned and began walking back the way they had come, towing Tommy along by the hand. Tommy looked up at Shelton with a bemused look of both admiration and affection. David recognized the look. He had seen it in Janie’s eyes many times. He took a deep breath, pressed his knuckles against his eyes grown suddenly hot, and followed.
“Shelton,” David said, walking along, alternating his attention between Shelton’s blank, half-smiling face and avoiding getting trampled in the crowd. “We have to find his parents.”
Shelton ignored him. David spotted his dad at a condiment table guarding a pile of foil-wrapped hotdogs and three red and white Coke cups, sweeping his gaze back and forth. He tugged Shelton’s sleeve and took off toward his father. Shelton continued walking past with Tommy in tow.
“Where’s he going?” David’s dad asked, raising a hand. “And who’s the kid?”
A moment later, the worried-looking man with the pennant raced toward them, his face crumbling to an expression of vast relief. He scooped Tommy up and hugged him, whispering into the little boy’s ear. Tommy giggled. His dad then knelt, placing him gently on the ground. He looked his boy over from head to foot before fixing Shelton with a suspicious stare.
“Just what do you think you were doing with my boy?” the man asked.
Shelton shot a little wave and a smile at Tommy who smiled and waved back. The man reached out and grabbed Shelton’s arm, “Hey, I asked you….”
“Excuse me,” David’s dad said. “What’s the problem here?”
Tommy’s father looked up, surprised, but did not release Shelton. He stood to face David’s father.
David knew, somehow, that Shelton would not feel it necessary to explain what had happened. But he could also tell from the look on the man’s face that he would not leave without something to make up for the fear and worry he had just endured. David wasn’t sure he really knew exactly what had happened, so he decided to make something up.
David turned to his father, adopted his most earnest looking face, and explained how he and Shelton had seen little Tommy bolt through the gate and take off running all by himself followed a minute later by ‘this guy’—he hooked a thumb over his shoulder at Tommy’s dad. David’s father tilted his eyebrow reprovingly but did not interrupt.
“So we put two and two together, went after the kid, and brought him back here.”
David finished, crossed his arms over his chest, and looked blandly at his dad. His dad stared into his eyes as if trying to detect anything wrong with the story, then looked up, shrugged, and smiled.
“Well?” he said.
Tommy’s father looked skeptically from David to Shelton, muttered his thanks, scooped Tommy into his arms, and stalked away. Tommy, looking back over his dad’s shoulder, raised a hand and waved goodbye.
When Tommy and his father were out of sight, David’s father turned to face them.
“Now, you want to tell me what really happened?” David and Shelton exchanged glances.
“What?” David said, shrugging. “That’s what happened.” His father did not look entirely convinced. David decided to change the subject. “Where’re the hot dogs, Dad?”
David’s father started as if stung by a bee. His head whipped around, and he jogged back to the condiments table, shouting, “Hey,” at the pair of fidgety teenage boys edging toward the unattended food. The boys scampered away.
David’s dad heaped onions and relish on two of the dogs then slathered them with brown mustard, re-wrapped them, and handed one to David. David lifted the moist, warm packet to his nose and inhaled luxuriantly. Baseball was the greatest game on Earth if for no other reason than mustard, onion, and relish covered hot-dogs.
His dad held the third dog poised over the arrayed condiments. “What’ll you have, Shelton?”
Shelton eyes bulged slightly as he watched David revel in the aroma. He shrugged.
“You don’t know?”
“Never had one. Mom says they’re full of….,” he broke off, glancing at David. He shrugged again, pointed at David’s hot-dog. “Like that,” he said.
Emerging from the tunnel and into the stands was like walking into another world. The light was brighter, the sounds were sharper, and the colors deeper. Shelton gasped and blinked as if his eyes hurt. The field, spread out brilliantly below them, seemed close enough to touch. The Royals, dressed in the blinding white of their home-field uniforms had taken the field and were tossing the ball around. Shelton jumped at the sharp clap of the ball hitting the catcher’s mitt. He stopped, mid-step on the concrete stairs, squinted at the catcher then looked at David accusingly.
“Where’d he get all the pads?” Shelton asked around a mouthful of hot-dog.
David shrugged. “What? He’s the catcher.”
By the time they made it to their seats, Shelton had finished his hot-dog. He sat twisting in his seat, his mustard lined mouth agape at row upon row of crowd all around him.
David felt a sharp nudge at his ribs. “Ever want to be on TV?” his dad asked pointing toward the Jumbo-Tron screen perched above the fountains in center field.
David looked up and was amazed to see himself, enlarged fifty times, staring slack jawed into space. He saw his father to one side, laughing and waving, but to his other side, Shelton sat with his head down, one hand covering his forehead so his face could not be seen.
“Hey Shel!” David called, reaching out to pull Shelton’s hand away from his face. “Look!” he yelled, pointing toward the screen.
A moment later the scene flashed to another group sitting quietly one moment, laughing, jumping up and down, and waving wildly the next. David slumped back down in his seat.
“Aw man, what’d you do that for? You missed it!”
Unconcerned, Shelton shrugged with one shoulder, and around a huge bite of hot dog, said, “I don’t like to get my picture taken.”
Before David could respond, the crowd roared to its feet as the home team took the field.


Thinking back about that game, David remembered two things most vividly. He remembered the feeling he got bumping shoulders with his dad as they talked about the game, the players, the crowd, everything. It was the first time in a long time that he had felt his dad was really present. The tight bundle nestled perpetually just below and behind David’s ribcage seemed to loosen. He felt like he could breathe fully once again.
The other thing he remembered was Shelton. He was so excited but not about the game. He watched the crowd. He could not sit still, especially when there was cheering. His constant waving brought every vendor from the deck. He had brought his own money and he seemed determined not to disappoint a single person. He passed his sticky dollars to David to give to the vendor, and David would pass back first a bag of peanuts, then another hot-dog, then a frosted malt, and finally cotton candy. The cotton candy seemed to slow him down, and the smile began to fade from his face. He managed to finish it then smiled at David wanly. His hand shot to his mouth as he both hic-coughed and burped at the same time. He grimaced, gulped, swallowed, grimaced again and sagged into his seat, his hand over his stomach.
They left right after the seventh inning stretch, as David’s dad put it, ‘Beat the traffic,’ but David thought it was to get Shelton home. He was looking pale, and the corners of his mouth curled downward in a look David recognized as about a three out of five on the erp-o-meter.
They got into the car and had just pulled out of the parking lot when Shelton’s eyes bugged and he clamped both hands over his mouth. David’s dad yanked the car onto the side of the road, and David reached across to open Shelton’s door. Shelton leaned out and a fountain of pink foam rocketed from his mouth, arching over the door sill and splattering onto the asphalt. David caught sight of bits of peanut shell—Shelton ate the whole peanut without cracking them open—before turning his head away and holding his nose. Shelton heaved productively three or four more times, sat back in his seat, eyes closed, and groaned. Within minutes he was asleep with his mouth hanging open, venting his putrid breath into the car. They drove the rest of the way home with the windows open.


David knocked several times at the Skievaski’s door before Shelton’s father finally opened it. He looked as if he’d been sleeping. Without a word he opened the door wider to allow Shelton inside, mumbled a “thank you,” turned and shut the door. David and his dad exchanged puzzled glances and a shrug then his father got back in the car while David walked across the yard to the house.
In the kitchen, his dad clapped him on the shoulder, saying, “That Shelton’s, uh, interesting, isn’t he?”
David shrugged and nodded.
“Nice though,” his dad added.
David opened his mouth to ask his dad for a game of catch in the yard.
“Well, I got work to do,” his dad said cutting him off, and headed up the stairs.
David stood staring through the empty dining room after him.
Just like that, he thought. The good feeling he had carried all afternoon clamping shut like the door to a bank vault. The tight, clenched feeling settled back down under his rib cage.

CHAPTER  7

In what David came to learn was her typical over-protectiveness, Mrs. Skievaski kept Shelton in the next few days insisting he must have caught some hideous virus in the crush of all those people - resulting in his vomiting and subsequent exhaustion. David’s initial reaction was elation, but he couldn’t help but feel a little lonely. He wandered the empty house, watched Brady Bunch and Star Trek reruns, but was finally driven from the house with the onset of daytime soap operas—what his mom called ‘Cry Shows.’
He crossed the back yard, no particular destination in mind. Spreading the strands of rusty barbed wire, he bent down, stepped through the fence, and set off through the knee high pasture grass. The land sloped gently upward, and he imagined he was crossing the vast prairie heading into the western frontier to trap beaver, hunt grizz’, and find his fortune in gold—if the Indians didn’t get him first, that is. The ground was dotted with round, fibrous cow pies that he pretended were the spoor from a vast herd of buffalo. David knelt, gently touching a desiccated pile with his fingertips. “Hmm,” he murmured to Kicking Deer, his long-time friend and Indian scout.  “Must be two-three days out.” Kicking Deer nodded and they set off at a trot, hoping to catch up to the buffalo before their meager supplies ran out.
At the top of the rise the pasture sloped away toward the north and west to a shallow valley filled with large trees—oak or walnut, he guessed. He never had been very good at remembering which trees were which. Cottonwoods were easy, but after that a tree was a tree as far as he was concerned.
David approached the trees in a half crouch hoping to make a difficult target if any hostiles hid in the shadows. He was a couple of dozen yards from the tree line when he noticed Kicking Deer was no longer at his side. Not knowing whether he had gone to ground out of some superior Indian sense or had been cut down by unseen attackers, David stood preparing to bolt, but froze before he could take a step. A flash of light winked from out of the trees to his left. David dropped to his stomach and then slowly raised himself up and peered in that direction.
“Hu….hello?” he called out. His heart skipped a beat as a shadow within the deeper shadows of the trees rose up and seemed to detach from the undergrowth. The foliage at the edge of the tree line shuddered, and a man stepped out.
He was short and stout and most of his thin dark hair was woven over and around his sweat-beaded bald pate. Several long strands had come free and floated around his head like stray feathers. He was dressed in dark pants and a dark shirt,—very uncomfortable in this heat, David thought—and a camera with an enormous telephoto lens attached hung from a strap around his neck. The strap bit into the piles of flesh at the back of the man’s reddening neck. It looked painful.
The man took a few steps into the field, stopped, glanced up and all around as if looking for something. A moment later he turned, saw David, and raised a hand.
“Oh hello,” he called with what seemed to David like forced cheer.
He pointed at the camera. “Bird watching,” he explained. He stood a moment longer as if waiting for a response.
With a lens like that, David thought, he must be trying to count the feathers of the bird he was watching. The way the man moved, looking up into the sky, glancing around too quickly to have spotted anything, made David suspicious.
When David did not respond, the man glanced around, stared a long moment past David toward the houses, nodded once, and mopped his forehead and the back of his neck with a dingy, white handkerchief.
“Okay then,” he said, chopping a wave at David. “Have a nice day,” and he set off walking briskly across the field parallel to the tree line, away from the houses.
David watched him go, unsure of what to do. He wanted to run home, but did not want the creep finding out where he lived.
He strolled casually to the edge of the trees, stopped, and peered through the leaves just in time to see the man step through the fence at the southern border of the pasture and disappear into the trees at the edge of the road. A moment later, he caught the glint of sunlight on a windshield of a car accelerating away.
Relieved to be alone, once more, David looked back toward his house once more, took a deep breath, turned, and walked into the trees.

CHAPTER  8

The underbrush was sparse, and a narrow, well-trodden path extended from where he stood to a small creek bed at the bottom of the hill. David walked down to the creek, his mouth suddenly dry. He followed the creek upstream. It ended abruptly at a miniature grass-topped escarpment at the edge of the trees. Water seeped from between dark, twisted tree roots, soil, and limestone slabs. He cupped his hands and let the trickle fill them. The water was clear and cold. He brought the water to his face and sniffed. It smelled okay. He hesitated, scanned once more for dirt and bugs, dipped his tongue into the water. It felt wonderful—cool and wet, and the slightly metallic taste was not much different than what came out of the tap in the kitchen. He refilled his hands and drank greedily. He refilled his hands a few more times then stood, feeling refreshed. Having discovered the source of the stream, he turned westward to see where it led.
The trickle grew to a little stream slipping over steps of limestone, winding around miniature sand bars, and trickling between slippery tree roots and fallen limbs. The pools were dotted with tiny dimples as water bugs skated across the surface in short, quick bursts. The reek-reek of grasshoppers and locusts from the tall grass faded, replaced with the rustle of leaves stirred by a lazy breeze and the occasional caw or chirp of some unseen bird.
He saw the shimmer of sunlight on the surface of a pond further downstream and broke into a jog. He emerged suddenly from the cover of the trees a few yards from the water. Squinting against the bright sunshine, he saw hundreds of tiny, circular ripples form at the edge of the pond accompanied by faint plopping noises, like a cascade of small pebbles falling into the water. The resulting ripples were quickly dampened by thick, dark green moss growing in the water. He moved to the water’s edge and watched, his mouth open with delight, as a dozen or so tiny frogs leapt from shadowed, hoof-shaped indentations in the mud.
“Cool,” he whispered. Leaning out over the water, he saw dozens of tiny shapes gliding away underwater.
The small pond was about fifty feet across and was formed by an earthen dam at the far side. The water was a deep shade of opaque green. David could only guess at the depth. The trees stood back from the edge making a ring around the water twenty feet or so wide so that it appeared as if the water level in the pond was much lower than normal. The ground between the trees and the water was dry and hard, the grass or weeds dry and crisp.
Remembering the purpose of his exploration, David walked around and down the backside of the dam. As he had expected, water seeped from the bottom of the dam. Within a few yards the stream was reborn, as lively as it had been upstream of the pond.
David set off to follow the stream when he felt a sharp twinge in his lower abdomen. It felt as if he were being poked with a knitting needle from the inside. The pain passed after just a moment, and he resumed walking. After a dozen or so steps the pain returned, worse than before. David gasped and bent over, his hands pressed to his stomach. Suddenly he straightened and held his breath, clenching his sphincter against the sudden pressure as the pain shifted from front to back.
He knew he was in a desperate race against the clock. He bolted back up the way he had come, running as fast as he could while still clenching, holding back the surge he knew was coming. He clenched his fists and his teeth, hoping it would help prevent a blowout.
A cold sweat broke out on his brow. He whimpered a tiny cry of triumph as he emerged from the trees into the pasture, celebrating reaching the half-way point. He knew he could no longer run and hope to hold back, so he walked as quickly as he could, doing his best to emulate professional speed-walkers. Just the summer before, Eric and he had laughed themselves practically to exhaustion watching speed walking on the Wide World of Sports, imagining that the sport’s inventors must have had crippling and constant diarrhea. He decided he would appreciate the irony later but only if he made it.
David forced his concentration on the course ahead, clenching every muscle he could, his breath coming in short, shallow, gasps. As he approached the fence, he worried he would not be able to bend over and step through without letting go. He made it, though the effort left him gasping for breath. He fast-walked across the yard, arms pumping, whimpering with the effort, and cried out as Pete bounded up and crashed against his legs. He reached the door, and broke into a run through the house to the bathroom in the hall. He made it!

David spent the rest of the afternoon on the couch, the TV on, but not really watching reruns and cartoons. Every twenty to thirty minutes he would dash to the bathroom to sit, bowels clenching spasmodically, wondering how he could’ve been so stupid. As the afternoon wore on the room grew gradually darker. He left the lights off, finding an odd comfort in the synchronicity of the outer gloom with how he felt. He thought about his life, what it had been, what it had become, and where it was inevitably going. At his old school, he knew he had not been the most popular kid in school, but he had had plenty of friends. He had liked his teachers, and they had liked him. He seemed to be able to get along with just about everybody.
Then Janie died and it felt like everything went dark. It had happened so suddenly. Sure, she had been a pain in the neck, but that didn’t mean her death, under normal circumstances, wouldn’t have left a hole in his chest the size of a basketball.
But this situation hadn’t been normal. Everyone thought it was his fault. He had seen the looks and heard the whispers—and the worst part of it was, he thought they were probably right. So sure, he had been confused and angry. He didn’t want to be around anyone, not his friends, not his family. He had just wanted to be left alone for a while.
That’s all. He just had wanted to be left alone. And for that, they punished him by moving to this place where the only other kid was a weird retard whose parents treated him like a baby, and he sniffs dogs’ butts. David had blown his chance to start over with a new group of friends for the summer, and the only thing worse than being The New Kid in school was being The New Kid with the creepy friend.
He lay back and stared at the ceiling, thinking.


David stood on the lowest, largest branch of the oak tree in the front yard of the house in Indianapolis. With one hand braced against the trunk, he gazed outward. Instead of the immense boughs and the house across the street beyond, he saw the azure blue of Caribbean waters and tall, billowing, grey-on-white, anvil-topped clouds off to the west—harbingers of rough sailing ahead. Just as the cry of “Ship ahoy!” came down from the crow’s nest one hundred feet above, he spotted the dark outline of a galleon emerging from the leeward side of the nearby tropical island. Through his spyglass Captain David could just make out the flag—a skeleton on a field of black, an hourglass in one hand, a spear pointing toward a heart dripping blood in the other. Blackbeard. Captain David loosened the saber in his belt. The crown was running from this scum no longer.
“Hard a-port, prepare the cannon. Time for some action, Mates,” Captain David bellowed.
“Watch me, Davie, watch me!”
His attention wrenched from the sea, David looked down from the branches of the oak tree with annoyance at his little sister Janie.
“Ya watchin’?” she cried. She stood in the strip of grass between the sidewalk and the street under the wide boughs of the tree. He glanced briefly at her as she tried some inexplicable feat of gymnastics, somewhere between a cart-wheel and crawling on all fours, he couldn’t tell which.
He shifted his stance on the largest low branch of the tree and gazed outward. His vision shimmered and the quiet, tree-lined suburban street became, once again, the shining azure of the Caribbean.
Puffs of smoke appeared down the length of the Blackbeard’s ship, followed seconds later by great gouts of water torn from the sea fifty yards from the hull of David’s ship. They were still too far away, but not for long. He would wait until they got closer so his cannon would be more effective.
“Davie!” Janie wailed then crunched her face into an eerie imitation of their mother’s sternest look. She put her hands on her hips and waggled a tiny finger at him.
“Mommy said for you to watch me, I heard it, and you’re not watching me! Now, watch, see what I can do?” Resignedly, he sat down on the branch.
“Fine, go ahead,” he said.
She tried her cartwheel/crawl again, only this time got her feet higher than normal. Her little-girl skirt dropped down over her head and her elbows buckled. With a squeal, she went down hard on her shoulder and side. It looked painful. If she hurt herself, he would be in big trouble. Expecting an ear shattering wail—usually a precursor to long bouts of dishwashing, leaf raking, driveway sealing (depending on the season) as punishment for some dereliction of responsibility or something—David leapt down and ran over to her. As he got to her side, she sat up, brushed the hair from her face, primly pushed her skirt back down over her legs, then thrust her arms triumphantly into the air and cried, “Ta Daaaa!”
“Dammit Janie, you’re gonna get me in trouble,” Davie exclaimed. “Now cut it out.”
Janie’s eyes became round and huge. She extended her pointer finger toward him as she noisily sucked in a big breath, “Ummmmmm.… You said bad word. Mommy’s gonna wash your mouth out with soap.… You said a bad word…. Ummmmmm!”
David stifled a grin, too late. Janie saw it and giggled. Then a sly look crept across her face. She looked toward the house, blurted, “Dammit!” and collapsed to the ground, giggling.
David spun around making sure no one had seen or heard. He looked down at his little sister as she rolled on the ground clutching her stomach, her face alight with unrepressed glee.
“Come on,” he said half-heartedly. “You really are gonna get me in trouble.”
He wanted to be mad at her, knew he should be mad at her. Despite himself he felt a grin building behind his cheeks and turned to hide it from her. Her high pitched, tinkling laughter always had that effect on him. To him, it was the happiest sound in the world.
“Keep trying. I’ll watch from up here,” he said, trying to sound authoritative.
He stomped back to the tree, still pretending to be mad. Sure, she always wanted to tag along with him and his friends, and she was incapable of being quiet—if she was around, he knew he could forget about getting away with anything. But he was, after all, her big brother, and it was his job to watch out for her.
He reached up over his head, grabbed the lowest branch and hoisted himself back onto his perch, ready to spring the trap on the enemy.
No, this is wrong, he thought. He remembered, now. He had to get out of the tree, and knew he would not be able to in time.
He blinked hard, squeezing his eyes shut, muttering, “Wake up. Wake up!”
He opened his eyes to see Janie step-skipping across an imaginary hopscotch grid. She got to the far side of the driveway, landed on two feet, and threw her arms into the air with a breathless, “TA DAAAA.”
He opened his mouth to call her back, but his voice was drowned out by the screech of tires on asphalt and the roar of an engine.
No, David thought, panic building inside him. Not again. No!
He tried to yell, but no sound came from his throat. He tried to jump down from the tree, but his feet would not move.
Wake up! He pleaded. He couldn’t take watching it, yet again. WAKE UP!

CHAPTER  9

David was jolted awake by the sound of a door closing. He sat up on the couch clutching the cushion with both hands, panting.
“My goodness, why’s it so dark in here?” his mother said.
David collapsed back against the backrest. His face felt hot and his mouth tasted like sweaty socks. The lights came on, and he listened to the click-clack of high heels as his mother walked across the foyer to the family room.
“David?” she called.
He wiped the tears from his eyes and sweat from his brow, the dream images already fading from his mind leaving only the deep residue of pain, guilt, and loss. He propped himself up and peered over the back of the couch. He opened his mouth to respond but only croaked through a dry throat.
“Oh, David,” she said. “You look awful. Are you sick?” She lay what she carried on the table and hurried around the end of the couch. She rested her hand on David’s forehead. He felt an impulse to ham it up, to moan in fake agony. But seeing the worried look in her eyes, watching her chew her lip—was that concern or guilt?—he decided not to.
Instead he told her he had diarrhea and had just lain around all day, but he was feeling better. She slid her hand from his forehead to his cheek and gently probed behind his ears and under his jaw line, all the while peppering him with questions about what he had eaten, when it had started, or did he see anything strange in the bowl? David answered, “Just cereal,” “around noon,” and “Gross! No.”
Finally satisfied that he did not need to be rushed to the emergency room, she stood looking down at him, chewing her lower lip.
“How about some alphabet soup and a peanut butter sandwich?” she offered.
Still feeling the weight of his mother’s hand on his forehead, he thought that sounded just fantastic.
She clattered around the kitchen for a while before bringing out a tray with two bowls and two plates on it. David sat up and his mom sat on the couch next to him. They ate in silence, not really watching the television. For as long as David could remember, vegetable soup and peanut butter sandwiches had been his favorite lunch, but that evening, sharing the warm silence with his mother, it was the best dinner he had ever tasted.

CHAPTER  10

David awoke the next morning to brash mid-morning sunlight blasting through the window-panes, heating the room like a greenhouse. Pete, lying next to the bed, his head on his paws, looked up and thumped his tail on the floor as David sat up. He checked the clock, surprised that it was after eleven. He cocked his head, listening. The house was empty, once again.
David stood and waited, testing how he felt. He was starving. That had to be a good sign. He headed for the kitchen, Pete rushing ahead.
After examining his options in the refrigerator, he pulled out a packet of bologna, a Kraft single, a jar of mustard, and loaf of white bread. As the door swung shut, movement through the window drew his eye. Looking out, he saw Shelton standing in the shade of his patio, wearing a long-sleeved shirt, wide-brimmed straw hat, and baggy pants. His arms hung down at his sides, and he appeared to be looking back through the window at David. David ducked, put the sandwich stuff down on the table, and edged back across the floor to the far side of the room.
He thought back to the night before. He didn’t remember his mom on the phone talking to Mrs. Skievaski, but that didn’t mean she didn’t call that morning to arrange something. He held his breath, watching across the kitchen through the window to see what Shelton would do.
Shelton stood, unmoving, for several more minutes, then turned and disappeared through the sliding glass door into his family room.
Unexpectedly, David was a little disappointed. He poured a glass of milk, made his sandwich, and sat down to eat. Pete eagerly accepted a piece of bologna. As David ate he made a mental list of all the things he could think of to do to pass the time.
It was a short list.
He thought of finishing the trek he had begun the day before, but the idea felt more like taking care of unfinished business than something fun and exciting. He could ride his bike around, although the only place he knew how to get to, he could not go.
The real problem, he knew, was that virtually all the fun things to do around the house—playing catch, hitting rocks into the pasture with his mom’s tennis racket, playing cards—were no fun without someone to do them with, which led him back to Shelton.
He’d kind of started to get used to the other kid. But he was just so…. strange.
David thought of the kids at the ball field. He pictured Shelton, his large round eyes, high forehead, and slightly too-big head, and the way he walked—a sort of flat-footed shamble. Then he thought of the look on the left-fielder’s face and the eager anticipation in many of the faces that floated in the background of his vision.
Strangers in adjacent cars or in the crowd at a stadium were one thing, but God, David thought. Those kids’d tear him apart!
The thought chilled him. What would he do? Shelton may not be his favorite person in the world, but they had spent lots of time together. David may not be able to sit and actually describe many of the things they did together, but then again he did not have the impression that the time was ever wasted or boring. Was Shelton weird? Yes. But weird in the summer was okay. Weird at school…. well, that was just not tolerated.
For the first time, David tried to imagine that first day of school with Shelton. He had imagined it dozens, maybe even hundreds, of times before. But then, he had imagined himself walking into the school alone.
David had pondered how he should act, and what he should say. He spent a few days trying out catch phrases. You knew you were cool if people began using your words in everyday use, like. But everything he thought of sounded forced and lame even to his own ears. He rehearsed how he would say hello, casual head bobs, and spent one frantic week wondering whether or not kids around here shook hands when they met, or not.
He wondered if he would be able to spot who would be his new friends right away or if they would just sort of fall into place over time. He knew the shelf life of any new kid was short—no more than a couple of days. If The New Kid had not found a place within a couple of days, he would have no place at all and be forced into the crowd of misfits at the shallow end of the social pool—and no one ever made it out of there.
David thought again of the brief encounter with the father and the little boy in the stadium parking lot. He remembered how he had moved away from Shelton, to the other side of his father, and he felt his face flush with shame.
Then he was angry. He had nothing to be ashamed of. If anyone should feel guilty, it should be his dad. David had not asked for Shelton to come, and he sure as heck didn’t ask to be forced to spend every day with him. He didn’t ask to move here. He didn’t ask for any of it. So why should he feel responsible if some guy thinks Shelton’s a contagious retard, or if he gets beat up by a bunch of kids David had hoped to make his friends?
Because you are his only friend, and he is yours, said a quiet voice in the back of his mind and he remembered how he had felt as the two of them smiled, waved, and hollered like idiots in the back of the station wagon.
David stood, shook his head, and placed his hands on the table. He was confused and needed someone to talk to. But who? His parents wouldn’t listen, and even if they did, they wouldn’t understand.
He missed Janie more than ever right then. She may not be able to help, may not even be able to completely understand, but she would listen, wide-eyed and attentive. And seeing his distress, she would reach up, wrap her little arms around his neck, and pat him maternally on the back as she had seen their mother do. It would not solve his problem, but it sure would make him feel better.

CHAPTER  11

David cleared his throat and blinked back the heat he felt behind his eyes. He placed his glass and dish in the sink, looked out the window and saw Shelton walking across the yard. Seeing David through the window, Shelton waved. David sighed and waved back.
Shelton arrived at the door breathing hard, his hat askew. David looked him over.
“Geez, Shel,” he said. “You look Amish.” Shelton shrugged, glanced back toward his house. His mother’s pale face shone through the kitchen window, watching. As David glanced up, the face hovered another moment, then disappeared. He ushered Shelton into the house.
“What about you?” Shelton said pointing at the pajama bottoms David still wore.
“Oh yeah. Just a sec.”
Leaving Shelton with Pete, David scrambled upstairs to throw on some shorts and a shirt. He returned to find Shelton sitting at the breakfast table. Pete’s head was in his lap, eyes half closed as Shelton scratched behind his ears.
“It’s quiet, here,” Shelton said. The television was always on in Shelton’s house. Even at night, sometimes late, David could see the flickering blue glow through the windows.
“Too quiet,” David said, hunching his shoulders and glancing back and forth, trying to be funny.
“No, I mean really quiet. Empty.”
“Well,” David shrugged, “there’s never anyone here. I mean my dad works all day and night, and Mom’s always out working, too, so it’s usually just me and Pete.”
“Why’s your Dad always working?”
“I dunno.”
“What’s he do?”
“He’s an engineer.”
“He drives a train?” Shelton asked, his eyes wide with wonder.
“No. Gaagh!” David said, shaking his head in exasperation. “He designs bridges and stuff.”

Shelton nodded, making an “Oh,” with his mouth. After a moment he said, “So, why’s he work all the time?”
“Billable hours,” David said trying to make it sound important.
“Huh?” Shelton asked.
“Look. I don’t know, okay?” David snapped. Shelton’s lips formed another “Oh,” and he resumed petting Pete.
“Wanna see pictures of what he works on?”
Shelton brightened and nodded. David led the way upstairs to the third bedroom his dad used as an office. The desk was cluttered with piles of paper, books heaped around a computer monitor. A three dimensional line drawing of some kind of motor rotated across the screen. A drawing table sat, the surface tilted at an angle, behind the desk, so that anyone sitting in the chair at the desk would just have to spin around in the chair, and start drawing. Framed line drawings of old European buildings hung on the wall opposite the desk. A drawing, just started, was taped to the drawing table. It was still too early to tell what it was going to be, but little drawings around the edges of the paper showed bolts, and beams, and joints in close-up.
Shelton pointed at the huge rack of colored pencils and magic markers, arranged in neat rows and sorted by color shade like an enormous box of crayons.
“I thought they used computers for making buildings and stuff.”
David sat in the chair. “My dad says design is an art and he gets a better feel for a project if he draws it with his hands.” Then he tucked his legs to his chest, and with a push on the desk, sent himself spinning.
Shelton, looking disappointed, examined the pictures on the walls and the drawing on the table. “No trains, huh?” he asked.
David stopped spinning. He rolled his eyes, sighed, and prepared to patiently explain about engineers when he saw the corner of Shelton’s mouth twitch. David’s breath hitched in his throat and he stared at Shelton, his mouth half-open as he realized that that was the first joke he had heard Shelton make.
Shelton lost his battle to keep a straight face and broke into a huge grin. He pointed at David, mimed the shocked look on his face and laughed. To cover his surprise and annoyance at being mocked, David stood and motioned for Shelton to take a turn in the chair.
After both took a few turns in the chair, David pulled up another chair to the desk, opened a drawer, and pulled out two fresh pieces of paper. From a small, multi-tiered carousel on a side table, he selected two mechanical pencils, and they both began to draw. David used an assortment of rulers, plastic triangles, and a plastic form shaped a little like a treble clef used for drawing smooth curves. He pretended he was designing the newest, most modern baseball stadium ever built. When finally finished, it looked like a flat-topped, crooked, donut-shaped cake right out of Dr. Seuss.
David slumped in his chair.
“Mine sucks,” he said holding the paper toward Shelton. “How’s yours?”
Shelton shrugged, passed the picture over his shoulder, grabbed another piece of paper and began another drawing.
David stared at the picture. At first glance, the picture appeared to be just a mass of scribbles, some light, some dark. The paper was deeply indented in places as if Shelton had tried to press the pencil through the table-top. David turned the paper sideways, then back, squinting. As he stared, the scribbles resolved into three figures—little more than stick figures with rectangular clothing, circular heads, bulbous hands and feet. David blinked and held the page at an angle, then looked straight at it again. Somehow, the contrasting light and dark squiggles seemed to give the image depth and contour, and the images almost seemed to move on the page. The picture looked like two parents and a child.
The mom and the dad were facing each other, each extending a stick-arm outward, pointing a single finger at the other. The child stood between them, below the pointing fingers. The parents’ other hands were pressed against the side of the child’s head. Their faces were drawn with dark, slanted eyebrows and squinted eyes. Tight, looping swirls issued from each of their mouths, the swirls colliding to form a rat’s nest of dark scribble between them. It seemed to David that the parents were arguing and trying to cover the child’s ears so that he could not hear. A tight, thick cable shot from the center of the tangled mass directly into the child’s heart.
The child wore shorts and a T-shirt with the Nike ‘Swoosh’ across the chest—the same clothes David was wearing. His eyes widened and his face flushed.
“Very funny,” David growled clenching the drawing in his fist. Shelton looked up from his new drawing, his tongue stuck out of the side of his mouth and said, “Huh?”
“This!” David shook the drawing at him. “You been spying on me or something?”
Shelton stared back at David, a very calm, patient look on his face.
“Look again,” he said, his voice quiet and flat.
The answer was so unexpected David looked at the picture again and gasped. The picture shimmered, seemed to shift. David could not identify any one thing that had actually changed, and yet the picture looked entirely different. He even felt differently as he looked at it.
The line from the rat’s nest to the child’s heart had neither arrows nor any other sign to indicate direction. Nevertheless, David was sure that the flow had reversed. The parents’ hands on the side of the child’s head no longer seemed to be covering the child’s ears, they were gently, lovingly caressing. The rat’s nest between the two parents had changed as well. The cable from the child and the tight swirls from the parents came together and intertwined into a loose, lovely weave that seemed to flow and swell. David blinked back sudden tears.
“Shelton….,” David said, his voice cracking. He wanted to ask Shelton what he had done to the drawing, but his throat would not unclench. David shook his head, drew in a deep breath, and looked back at the drawing. His first impression of the drawing had been of two parents—his own, he presumed—arguing. They tried to keep David from hearing, but he could hear. They were arguing about him, what to do ‘about him,’ and that hurt him.
He looked closely at the eyes and mouths of the figures, remembering how he had, at first, thought they looked as if they had been drawn to convey anger, but he found only love and peace radiating from the faces, now. The scrawls and lines wove a web of a connection in among and around the figures.
David cleared his throat, took another breath, and turned.
“Shelton, how did you….,”
“Let’s get something to eat,” Shelton said, abruptly dropping his pencil and walking out the door.
“But….” David called. Shelton kept walking. David looked once more at the drawing before hurrying after him, still clutching the drawing.
He found Shelton standing next to the dining table holding one of the vitamin bottles his mom had dropped the night before.
He grasped Shelton by the arm. “Hey, what about this picture. You gotta tell me….,”
“These look just like the pills my Aunt Nettie started taking before she had my cousin Adam. I remember ‘cause she came for a visit when she was, you know….” he stretched his arms out in front of him like he was holding a beach ball, his fingers spread. David focused on the bottle, felt his mind go blank with the sudden change of topic.
“I ate one, and she got real mad.” Shelton shrugged. “I thought it was candy.” He handed the bottle to David.
“Tasted terrible,” Shelton said and headed for the kitchen.
As David turned the bottle in his hands, he felt the knot under his rib cage twist and harden. The label read:

“Pre-natal formula - Healthy mothers mean healthy babies!”

Is it that easy? He wondered bitterly. Let some time pass, move to a new town then replace her, just like that?
Or maybe they just want to rub what happened in my face. I wasn’t enough for them the first time, and now I’m still not.
And then another thought followed that one. How would his mom be able to continue in her brand new job—the one she said made her feel so alive, the one she spent weeks training for and dressed up with too much makeup and horrid, old woman’s perfume for—and take care of a brand new baby?
Shelton came out of the kitchen, a peanut butter encrusted spoon in one hand, two fingers of his other hand wrestling a glob of peanut butter from the roof of his mouth.
“Wha’s goig od?” he mumbled.
“My mom’s gonna have a baby,” David said, his voice flat. He still couldn’t believe it.
“Oh,” Shelton replied, swallowing hard. He looked around, his brow creased. “Your mom just tell you?”
“Well, no. But these vitamins,” David held up the bottle, “are for pregnant women. She just brought them home last night, so she must be pregnant.”
“Hm.” Shelton pondered for a moment. “What will that be like?”
“What?”
“Having a little brother or sister?”
It’s frustrating and awful. They always follow you around and break your things, and when you yell at them, they go crying to Mom and you get in trouble. Everything they do is okay, and everything you do is wrong, because you’re bigger and older. But when they come running to you to help get the monsters out from under their bed, or need help with a drawing, or want to know how birds can fly, it can be pretty great, too, David thought.
He shook his head, knowing it could never be the same. There would never be another Janie. Plus this time he was already twelve, and by the time the baby was born, he’d be thirteen.
An image arose, unbidden, in his mind. He was sitting at the table, a baby cradled in his arms, its deafening cries reverberating through the empty house. His parents were off working, as usual. He looked through the window and saw groups of other kids his age playing kickball, baseball, throwing water balloons, riding bikes—having a ball.
But not him.
He was stuck taking care of the baby. He looked down at the red face, teary eyes, and wide-open mouth. The baby’s cries were piercing, cutting through him, from his ears, down his spine, and down the backs of his legs.
He felt…. nothing. He searched the face looking for something he could connect with, some spark of brotherly love, but all he could think was, Not Janie. Not even close.
By the angle of the sun he knew it was late afternoon, but even the knowledge that Mom would be home soon and his shift watching the baby would be over brought no relief.  The next day, and the next, and the next, would be the same. His punishment for losing Janie would be a lifetime of helping with this one. They would make sure he got this one right.
Well, we’ll just see about that, David thought. His parents lived their lives indifferent to him, and he could do the same to her, or him…. It. His vision shimmered, and suddenly he was looking up into his own face. He waved his tiny arms, clutched at the air with his tiny, pudgy fingers, trying to get the attention of the Big Brother. He felt ignored and alone, like excess baggage. The feelings were all too familiar.
David recoiled and covered his eyes. The feelings the baby had felt… would feel…. were David’s fault. And David could not do to the little one what had been done to him.
This baby would arrive, through no choice of its own, helpless, defenseless, and blameless.  It wasn’t the baby’s fault David was saddled with the responsibility of watching over it.  It was born and stuck with whatever circumstances it was placed in.
Then he realized the same applied to him.  He was given no choices. He did not choose to move from the only place he knew as home. He did not choose to make his parents argue. He did not choose to be standing on the sidewalk watching his little sister breathe her last breath. In fact, he had no real choices, at all. He was a sapling in a field, swaying whichever way the wind blew. He controlled nothing, yet he was blamed for everything.
“It’s so unfair,” David whispered. “It’s not right.”
“What’s not?” Shelton asked, looking worried, his hand on David’s arm.
“They blame me, but it’s not my fault,” David answered, not sure it was really true, which only added to his frustration.
“It’s not?” Shelton asked. David looked up. Shelton was standing close enough that David could smell the peanut butter on his breath.
David glared at Shelton. His face was hot, and he felt the beginnings of a headache across his tightly knit brow.
“How could it be?” he yelled. “What choices do I have? Hell, I can’t even choose my own friends.”
David’s anger dissipated as the words he had just spoken echoed through his ears. He looked away from Shelton, ashamed.
Shelton’s calm eyes and half smile did not falter. In a quiet, reassuring voice he said, “I choose to enjoy my peanut butter sandwich.” He turned toward the kitchen.

CHAPTER  12

David stared. I choose to enjoy my peanut butter sandwich? What the heck did that mean? It seemed to mean nothing, and yet it had thrown David completely off. The words bounced around in his head like a bullet in a submarine.
Before Shelton was half way to the kitchen, David took two quick steps, caught up to Shelton, grasped him by the arm, and twirled him around.
“That’s it?!” he demanded. “My mom’s having a baby she hasn’t told me about, as if she can just replace….,” David snapped his lips closed before her name could pass his lips. He released Shelton’s arm forcefully, pushing him a step further into the kitchen then stammered on, his voicing rising in volume and pitch as he went.
“I mean as if… as if… it’s not as if I already have enough to deal with. I don’t need you making fun of me with that picture. But then I find out my mom’s having this baby, and when I tell you the only reason I hang out with you is because I have to, you just… you want to have a sandwich?”
Shelton shrugged, calm and serene. “Sure,” he replied. He reached up and lightly pressed his forefinger gently into David’s chest. “Do you wanna be mad, or do you wanna have a sandwich with me?”
David stepped back, slapping the finger away. “What? Are you listening? I don’t want to be mad, but my.…”
Shelton shook his head slowly, patiently. “You wanna be mad, okay. Then go ahead and think about all that stuff. Think about it real hard, how it makes you feel and how unfair it is, and how wrong everyone else is, then you’ll be good and mad. Or you can not be mad and we can enjoy our peanut butter sandwiches. Up to you.”
He patted David lightly on the chest with the palm of his hand, and went into the kitchen.
I choose to enjoy my peanut butter sandwich.
David shook his head, trying to clear it, and he remembered standing in the concourse at the stadium, ignoring all the nasty looks and frightened stares, and he thought again of the story of Buddha that his grandfather had told his sister.
I choose.…
He stood beside the dining room table, the vitamin jar in his hand, watching dust motes drift on a sunbeam streaming between the curtains. He heard the scrape of a chair on the floor in the kitchen.
Shelton didn’t get it. There was so much more to it than that. Shelton just didn’t understand what David was dealing with. There was Janie, and his parents, and all the shrinks, and….
The words came to him again, I choose….
David wandered into the kitchen, his mind strangely empty but for those two words ricocheting around. He felt like he was on the verge of realization. If he could just get his mind clear, he would get it. Then, just as he felt he was about to figure it out, the feeling was gone.
“You okay?” Shelton asked, his voice muffled by the huge mouthful of bread. He held a large glass of milk in one hand.
David nodded and sat down. Shelton slid a sandwich wrapped in a paper towel across the table to him. David took a bite. Globs of peanut butter oozed from between the bread slices. Instantly, David felt his mouth sealed shut. It was as if Shelton had made his sandwich with glue instead of peanut butter. It tasted wonderful. David’s eye grew wide as he struggled to chew. Shelton laughed, hopped up and poured David a glass of milk.
Having finished their sandwiches, the two boys sat back in their chairs, smiling contentedly. David was leaning back in his chair, his finger deep in his mouth scooping peanut butter from behind his teeth, feeling pretty good—What was it I was so mad about?—when his gaze fell upon the jar of vitamins.
He tilted forward, the front legs of his chair thumping down on the white speckled linoleum. He thought again of the picture Shelton had drawn. He shook his head ruefully.
“Hey, Shel. Sorry I made such a big deal about the picture.” He laughed ruefully. “Guess I just looked at it wrong. That’s all.”
Shelton smiled so wide, bits of partially chewed bread and peanut butter extruded from the sides of his mouth. He swallowed hugely as he nodded.
“Exactly,” he said and slapped the table.
At the sharp noise, Pete leapt to his feet, tail wagging, and woofed once. Shelton giggled and before David could protest, tossed the rest of his sandwich into the air. Pete tracked it expertly, caught the sandwich in mid air, and swallowed it in one bite.
“Wait a minute. What?” David asked.
Shelton stood, rubbed the top of Pete’s head, said, “I have to go. Mom wants to go to the store.”
David just stared, nonplussed. He felt as if his brain were floating, unable to figure out what to think or say. Finally he nodded dumbly, stood. Shelton walked through the door, and David stepped over and watched him through the kitchen window.
He remained standing there long after Shelton had disappeared into his house, his brain still foggy, floating. He watched as Shelton and his mom got into their car, backed out of the driveway, and drove down the street. For the first time that day, he noticed the black SUV parked in its usual place, across the street and four lots down. As Shelton and his mother passed, the brake lights winked on, then off as the car pulled out into the street and drove away.

Be sure to check out the rest of the “Same Planet – Different World” Book Series

Book I 	Same Planet – Different World
Book II	The Loser, the Pyscho, and the Retard
Book III	Smelling the Sky
