


FALLING
Book #1 in the Bits and Pieces Series

 
By Shirley Miranda

 
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2010 by Shirley Miranda
ISBN-13:  978-1301838738

 
The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.  The Author holds exclusive rights to this work.  Unauthorized duplication is prohibited.
 
For more information:
www.shirleymiranda.com
 
Books by Shirley Miranda
BITS AND PIECES SERIES
(In Order)
 Falling
Winter Solstice
Wintering
Springing
Summering*
*Coming Soon

Published by Shirley Miranda for Smashwords
Cover Design by Neil Parrish





This e-book is for your personal use only.  It may not be shared with others.  Please respect the hard work of the author and purchase additional copies for others to read.  Thank you.




To My Husband – Thank you for encouraging me to put my stories down on a page. Without you, I would never have embarked on this journey.

To My Family– Thank you for your never-ending support.








PROLOGUE

 Describe a significant event in your life and how it changed you (Minimum: 750 words). Ugh. What kind of scholarship essay prompt is this? It was nice to find some scholarships that juniors could apply to, but I really didn’t want to answer this question. I know there are other scholarships I could apply to.
I put the application form at the bottom of my pile of papers. The due date was months away. I’d rather focus on the ones that were coming up soon. It was a little early for most people to start looking at scholarships for college. But I’m not most people. Well, I am, but I’m not. I wanted to make sure I had the money to go to whatever school I wanted to. Which was any school where I didn’t have to live at home.
The thing about essays for scholarships and stuff, they want you to reflect on what you did, what you’re doing, who you are, that kind of stuff. Reflect, reflect, reflect. What am I? A mirror?
When I look in the mirror I see this warped version of me—the one my parents see and the one that I think I am. My parents see me as a five-year-old looking for trouble and finding it, or it finding me. But I’m sixteen and if I stood in a crowd, no one would notice me. I’m too plain and short to stand out. Actually, I like the fact that in a group of people I can blend in. There are too many other things in my life that would make me stand out and I don’t like to call that kind of attention to myself. My parents hate negative attention too, so anything bad that happens is denied—never existed. That’s about all we agree on. The problem is…some things are too hard to deny and I can’t talk to them or anyone else about it. It’s easier to avoid my parents than to look at them and know we can’t talk about anything. 
I don’t even have friends I can talk to. It’s always been hard for me to make friends. When I was younger, we moved around a lot for my dad’s work. My only dream was to have the same friends from junior high to high school—like most kids got. That didn’t happen. Most of the kids at my school grew up together and had history together. I envied that sometimes. To have friends that knew you, that understood you, that would be there for you—no matter what. Actually, last year, I thought maybe it’d happen. I had some friends, we hung out and did stuff together. When I stopped hanging out with them, they didn’t seem to notice. Maybe it wasn’t meant to be. Maybe that’s my fault. It’s always my fault.
I stared at the application. It wanted me to list my hobbies. For most people, that isn’t a hard question, but for me it is. It’s not like I’m on a team or anything at school. I’m far too uncoordinated for that, not to mention not athletic at all. I don’t think that studying and doing homework counted as a hobby. I had to list something. The closest thing I had was singing. I loved to sing. Melancholy songs befit me. I could relate to the sad, heartbroken, anguished, the longing. It was very easy for me to put that feeling into my singing for those songs. I could do the happy, cheery songs, they just weren’t my first choice. It was nice to pretend to be that. It allowed me to step outside of myself and be someone else. I ceased to be me and cloaked myself in whatever carefree attitude the lyrics demanded. Acting. It’s a nice escape.
I had a small part in the school play last year. It was fun to pretend to be someone else. I was good at it, at least I thought so. Don’t ask my parents what they thought, they didn’t bother to come to any of the performances. They thought it was a waste of time, like many of the things I did.
Not exactly stuff you’d put into an award winning essay. I’d have to think of something else to write. Not that that’s hard for me to do. I could BS among the best of them, if I wanted to. I’ve done it to get people off my back and to avoid getting into some big thing with my parents.  It was easy, most people don’t look deep enough to know if you are telling the truth. They only hear what they want anyway.
I really hated the part on applications that asked you what you are. It really shouldn’t matter. I didn’t think it should. Who cares what the shade of my skin, or anyone else’s, was? I looked at the options: American Indian, Asian, Black or African-American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, and White or Caucasian. Where was American? That’s what I wanted to check. That’s what I am. 
When my parents came to the US, they wanted their kids to assimilate to the American culture—I think they never really wanted to have kids because I’m an only child. So, I did. It’s not that I hate my parents’ culture, which I guess, technically is mine too. It’s just I don’t care for it, seems archaic many times. If you’re a free thinker, they say you’re hard-headed or stubborn. If you don’t agree with someone older than you, then you are disrespectful. It doesn’t allow for free thinking and your own ideas. Some of the food is okay. But culture is more than food. Of course, now that I’m completely assimilated, embrace the American culture and am an independent thinker, they don’t seem to like it because I’m considered stubborn, hard-headed and disrespectful. Hypocrites. 



1. FAMILY

I spent too much time at home. Once school was over, I’d head directly home and start my homework. I hated being out alone when it was dark. Actually, I just hated being out alone, the dark just compounded my anxiety. Often, I’d get at least two to three hours to myself before my parents would get home. Sometimes, I’d get even more than that because they’d meet up together for golf or dinner or something. Those nights were the best.
Being alone at home was nice. Actually, I didn’t see myself as alone, as long as I had one of my two best friends with me—the television or my music. The noise from my television or MP3 player filled the house and kept me company. The acoustics were better in the family room, so I usually did my homework in there when I was home alone. Once my parents were home, I’d sequester myself in my room to do my homework.
I sat in the middle of the family room and searched through my albums trying to find a song to audition with. Mrs. Marshall, my choir teacher, was holding auditions in two weeks for male and female solos for the upcoming winter concert. I really wanted to get the solo. I had to find a song that would show my vocal range, make me stand out from the others. There were several girls in class that had great voices, some of them had been taking vocal lessons. I never had lessons, I taught myself by just singing along to my favorite songs. I enjoyed choir and wanted to do more.
I hooked up speakers to my MP3 player. I needed to fully hear my voice with the music and ear buds weren’t going to do it. I tried song after song, I must have spent at least two hours trying out songs. I still hadn’t found the right song. I had worked my way through female solo artist songs and was now onto the musicals. I thought I found a song that would work. It showed my range and complimented my voice. I sounded good. Well, I had to admit, better than good. I was happy that I had finally found a song. I just needed to keep practicing over the next two weeks, so I would be at my best for the audition.
I was in the middle of practicing when I heard the garage door open. My mom was home. She walked into the family room, dropped her bag and jacket on the couch. I hope that she would tell me that I did a pretty good job of choosing a song and that you couldn’t really tell I was singing along. I hoped that she noticed that I matched the song well.
“Hello, Elizabeth.” My mom interrupted me in the middle of the song.
My mom would think me rude if I didn’t stop what I was doing and not acknowledge her right away. I stopped singing. “Hi, Mom.” 
“What are you doing?” I was surprised that my mom was even interested in what I was doing.
“Practicing. There are auditions in a couple weeks for the solo in the winter concert. And I thought I’d try out.” I didn’t like sharing much with them, unless they asked. When they did, I always braced myself for their reaction.
She shook her head and frowned. “I don’t know why you are bothering to waste your time. You know you won’t get it.” She couldn’t even acknowledge it was brave of me to try out or wish me luck. I was crushed. “You don’t want people laughing at you, do you?”
No, I didn’t. I didn’t think I was bad, let alone bad enough that others would laugh at me…until now. The thought of it hurts, cut to the core of me and my insecurities. I didn’t want to give what my mom said any credence. But she was my mom, what if she was right?
“I was just practicing. You don’t think I sounded…okay? I just wanted to try…” I felt small and like I was shrinking more and more by the second.
“If that’s all you want to do and you have no real intention to singing alone, then why bother and waste everyone’s time?” She seemed annoyed.
“To see if I’m good enough.” I whispered.
“You’re not. Why embarrass yourself and the family?” She said emphatically. She shook her head in disapproval. “And this we wouldn’t be able to shield you from. Everyone would know you made a fool of yourself. Do you want that? Be constantly reminded of your poor choices?”
I hung my head down and stared at my computer. “No.” I choked down my tears. I didn’t want to get chastised about crying over this.
I stopped the song and unplugged my speakers. There was no point in continuing. 
“Why can’t you be more like your cousin Leenie? Good. Quiet. Modest. Obeys her parents and doesn’t embarrass the family.” She patted me on the back and headed to her bedroom to change out of her work clothes.
Ah, yes. My cousin Kathleen, who was three years older than me and the family called Leenie, doesn’t aspire for much of anything. Her parents picked her school and her major for her. She’s content to live sheltered and under her parents’ thumb. Kathleen was the classic definition of demure. She does what they say and doesn’t rock the boat. Not that I saw myself rocking or shocking anything. It wasn’t like I dressed all in black, had tattoos or piercings all over my body or dyed my hair in florescent colors. I melted into the background, the landscape at school. I did my best not to call unnecessary attention to myself. But, I did aspire to be the best at anything I did and loved. Sometimes, that meant I had to be in the spotlight. No, I didn’t want to make a fool of myself. That’s why I planned to practice. Why didn’t she see that?
I wanted more than my family’s limited view on life. Sometimes, I guess, that got me into trouble. Why did it always come down to ‘embarrassing the family’? I was brought up to respect my elders and that family was the most important thing. How could I do those things and still be myself? Be who I wanted to be? It was like they couldn’t coexist. There was no way they’d support it. 
Some things were better left unsaid. Such as, things I wanted. I might not get the solo, but I wanted to try. Trying didn’t hurt anyone, especially my parents. They didn’t have to know about it. They didn’t have to watch or pay anything, so why should they care? I’d just have to practice when I was by myself at home or in the car. That would be the only way to save myself the grief from my parents.
I opened up my math book and stared at my homework assignment. I needed to escape this crushing feeling. Homework was a good distraction, once I got enough traction in my brain to start on it. I turned on the television. I knew that I drifted from my homework, when I found myself focusing more on the television than on the problem I was working on. It was a backup distraction.
My mom came out of her bedroom and headed to the kitchen to start dinner. I worked on my math homework and tried to avoid any unnecessary contact with her. She called me into the kitchen to make the salad and cook rice. I was in the middle of a problem. It was tough. All I wanted to do was continue to work on it, try to solve it. But, I had to stop to help my mom. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to help fix dinner, it was that I wanted to finish my math homework, at least that problem first. I got up from the couch where I worked. As quickly as I could, I prepared the rice and had it going in the rice cooker. I had to be slower in chopping the vegetables for the salad or I was liable to cut my finger. I never understood why she asked me to cut stuff, she knew I was clumsy and putting a knife in my hands, could easily spell disaster. She always yelled at me to be careful, as if I wasn’t. I’ve had so many near misses, I was due for an accident. It was just a matter of time. 
When I finished making the salad, I set the table. I wasn’t really hungry, but I knew I had to set a place for myself. I went back to my homework and that stubborn math problem I couldn’t solve. My dad arrived home just as my mom was finished cooking. 
The three of us sat down at the table for dinner. I dished out very small portions of the stir-fry, rice and salad. I still wasn’t very hungry. The dinner conversation revolved around my parents and their day, as usual. I didn’t contribute much except ‘yeah’ and ‘oh’ to the discussion. I pushed my food around my plate to make it look like I ate. They were so absorbed in their stories, they didn’t notice. After an obligatory amount of time sitting there, I excused myself to finish my homework. I took my plate to the trash, scraped off the food and placed it in the sink.
I grabbed my backpack, laptop, books and MP3 player and went to my room to finish my homework. I didn’t want to deal with my mom anymore tonight. I couldn’t take much more from her right now. 
Once I got in my room, I turned on my television for background noise. If I played music, I was afraid my mom would come in and scold me again. They knew if the television was on, I was definitely studying. I always thought it was funny that studies stated that television and studying didn’t mix. That students who studied with the television on were not successful in school or couldn’t concentrate. It was the one thing that my parents conceded. I got good grades while I had the television on, so they never bugged me about it. I was thankful for any small victory and concession I could get. So, if I wanted them to leave me alone, the television was definitely on. It was on a lot.
I decided to finish my other homework before going back to my math problem that didn’t want to get solved. I was very frustrated to be stuck on the same problem for so long. It wasn’t right. The upside was that it did distract me from my mom’s views on me trying out. Immersing myself in my school work was a great avoidance technique for me. It was my coping mechanism. It had worked in the past, and continued to do so. So, who was I to mess with what worked?
It was around nine when I finished all my homework. I got ready for bed and shut off my lights. I set my television to sleep mode, so it would shut off in 45 minutes. I used the background noise of the television to block out the random thoughts that usually kept me up at night. With it on, I could fall asleep. Without it, I stayed up thinking about anything and everything. Actually, the television or my MP3 player worked in helping me fall asleep, but I didn’t want to think about music right now. I fell asleep hearing the news previewing some carnival that was coming to town for a few weeks.



2. NEW PARTNER

“Good morning, ladies and gentlemen! Everybody up!” Mr. Davis, my physics teacher exclaimed. It was first period and way too early to be this energetic. “We are changing seats. Come on. Everyone up, line up against the walls.” The class groaned and made their way with their backpacks against the walls of the classroom.
Was it time to change seats already? Mr. D had just changed our seats a few weeks ago. This would be my third seat in his class since school started six weeks ago. Wow, it was already mid-October. I just didn’t notice. There was no point to it, really. As long as I got my work done, I was left alone. The calendar only existed as a due date listing for homework.
Great, new seats. For the most part, I hated change. This, of course, meant the changing of lab partners which was sometimes okay and sometimes bad. I really liked science. It made sense to me. I could think my way through it. Some partners I’ve had, on the other hand, not so much. Which idiot will Mr. D pair me up now? Wait, that was harsh. I didn’t mean that. What I meant was, which non-studying, shouldn’t be taking this class, won’t do their homework and doesn’t care about their grade, underachiever will I get stuck doing all the work with? 
Mr. Davis worked his way from the back of the room to the front, letting students know where they should sit. Two-thirds of the class had already found out their new seats and sat down, when I looked around and who was left standing with me. I looked at who was left and thought, maybe this time I won’t have to carry my lab partner. I hated that. If I split the work, like I was supposed to, then I’d get a bad grade on the lab or work. I didn’t want that. So, I tried to help out my partner as much as I could, but eventually, I’d just do it myself. I think, Mr. D had realized that and would finally not pair me up with someone that I could ‘help’. Just because it’s an advanced placement class, doesn’t mean that everyone’s smart. You’d think that, but then you’d be wrong.
Two more pairs sat down in their new seats. Who was left? Amy, who was also in my English class, always got A’s, real nice and kind of quiet. Joey, who played varsity soccer, smart, but really annoying, it was like he didn’t know we weren’t in kindergarten anymore—always wadding up paper and throwing it at me. Agh. Patrick, who played varsity basketball, smart and definitely one of the most popular kids at school—athletics, academics, he was good at everything. Kevin, who always asked those annoying questions in class, like he wasn’t paying attention, like he wasn’t even trying to understand. Lastly, there was Sarah, who didn’t act like she wanted to be taking an AP class, so I didn’t understand why she didn’t switch out.
Mr. D walked along the front row of tables. He paused at one table. “Sarah. Amy.” They moved across the room and sat down. Please, don’t let me get stuck with Joey. Or Kevin for that matter. Agh. He moved to the next table and pointed, “Joey. Kevin.” They deserved each other. Well, no one else deserved to be stuck with them. Mr. D went to the last table in the front row. “Patrick. Last, but not least, Elizabeth. I mean, Liz.”
I kind of liked my new seat. I didn’t mind the front row. And, most importantly, there were at least two people between Joey and me. Two guys. I really hoped he wouldn’t try to bug me when there was Kevin and Patrick that would be in the crossfire.
Mr. D stood in front of the class to get everyone’s attention. “Alright, ladies and gentlemen. You know the drill. You each have 30 seconds to share something about yourself to your new partner. Person on the right goes first.” 
“Hi. I’m Patrick. Not Pat. I hate it when people call me that, like I’m a piece of butter or something you do to a dog’s head.” He shook his head and rolled his eyes. “I love basketball, playing it, watching it. I have a sister at Stanford and kid brother.” He paused and was looking at me weird. “Aren’t you in my AP English and AP Calculus class?”
Mr. D spoke loudly over the class, “Okay, that’s 30 seconds. Left side’s turn!”
“Ok, I guess I’m the left side. Umm.. I’m Liz or Elizabeth. I kinda prefer Liz though. I don’t mind watching some sports, like basketball is okay. But I can’t play them. Was never any good at it, always seemed to hurt myself. I like to think that I’m lucky that I’m coordinated enough to get my driver’s license and that’s about it.” I tried to think of something else to say. “Oh, yeah, we do have English and math together too.”
“Okay, ladies and gentlemen!” Again, his even-tempered voice rose over the class. “Now, that you’ve met your new partner, it’s time to see what’s going on in today’s exciting world of physics!” Mr. D was a great teacher, made physics interesting and understandable. I really respected him. But, sometimes he was a dork, maybe that’s how he made the class interesting. That’s why he was a cool teacher, he knew he was acting goofy and was okay with it.
Mr. D talked about the new kinetic and potential energy lab then passed around the handout. There were calculations to work out before we could design our experiment. I started to read and work through the first problem. “So, were you able to do the challenge problem for calc?”
“Huh?” I was surprised that the conversation that started didn’t revolve around the lab we had to do.
“The last problem in last night’s homework that Ms. Adams gave us. Did you get it?” He glanced up at me then continued to work on his calculations.
“Yeah. Took me a while though. It was kinda hard. What about you?”
“It was tough. Took me longer than I thought it would.” He had just finished the first problem he was working on. “You done? What did you get for the first one?” He slid his paper over to me to compare our answers. I moved my paper next to his. We had the same solution. “Cool.”
We each took our papers back and started working on the next problem. Patrick chuckled, “You’re funny.”
“Funny?” Me? I never thought of myself as funny. 
“Coordinated enough to drive? Come on. You really can’t be that bad. No one is that bad.”
“No, I am that bad. I run into things all the time. Sometimes I don’t realize I hurt myself until I get some mystery bruise.” I looked at him and realized I was talking to a guy on the basketball team. I shook my head, “You wouldn’t understand.”
He thought about it a second. “Well, actually I do. There are some bruises and scratches that I have no idea how I got. It would suck knowing I got hurt doing everyday stuff and not realize it. Heh. Usually my bruises happen on the court or on the field. Friendly pick-up games aren’t always so friendly.”
I slid my paper back over to him to compare our work. We spent the rest of the period talking about the lab—designing our experiment. We had a few different ideas on a design. In the end, we created one that included ideas from both of us. It was nice to share the work, instead of doing it all myself. I thought we had a good design in place to start from for tomorrow.
“Alright, ladies and gentlemen! There are a few minutes left in class. Some reminders: You need to get your design approved by me before I distribute any materials to build. You should have your designs done and approved by the middle of class tomorrow.” The bell rang, but he continued. “Remember, you need to film your design working to include into your final lab presentation.” One of the things I liked about Mr. D’s labs was that they weren’t all just written, but some, like this one, included a video portion where we could see how everyone’s labs did. “Have a great day, everyone. See you tomorrow.” 
Patrick shoved his notebook and calculator into his backpack. “Nice to meet you. See you later.”
 “Yeah. You too.” I started putting my stuff away and he headed toward the door. I looked up and nodded at him and then got hit by a wad a paper. Stupid Joey. So annoying. “Won’t you ever grow up?” I glared at Joey.
“What fun would that be?” He smiled. “Sucks. I was hoping that we’d get to be lab partners this time.” I was thankful that that didn’t happen.
“Yeah, well. Sucks to be you then.”
From physics, I had computer science, choir, English, then lunch. Sometimes I ate with some people from English like Amy, or I’d just find a place to sit and get stuff done or people watch. I floated between different groups of people, not really in one specific group. When I sat with others, it wasn’t like I really belonged. I sat there on the fringe, not joining the conversation. I was just there, invisible. Not consequential enough for anyone to acknowledge and invite into the conversation or to shoo me away. Either way no one noticed if I was there or not. 
Today, I found a spot to sit near a tree in the quad. I took out my notebook to see what I had for homework, even though I hadn’t had math or history class yet. I had a lot of work to do, but I didn’t mind. I liked to think, everything was like a puzzle to me. I liked solving puzzles. My latest puzzle that I kept thinking about was that physics design. I jotted down some other possible ideas, back-up plans if our design didn’t work out as we hoped. I needed a break.
I looked up from my notebook and glanced around the quad. I wondered what was wrong with me. I mean, I looked around at my classmates and they all seemed to be having fun, it was lunch-time. What the heck was wrong with me? How come I wasn’t having fun? Why couldn’t I laugh like that? So carefree. Isn’t that what a teenager’s about? Having fun? Sometimes I think that I forgot how to have fun. Then I think I never really had good carefree fun. Then I start to think that I think too much. Yeah, I’m good at that, thinking. I guess I can’t shut it off, even when I want to and I should.
The bell rang. Just like that, lunch was over and students scattered in different directions to their next class. I headed to Ms. Adams’s class for math. Math class is definitely not the time to shut off the brain. 
I entered the classroom and headed to my seat. Patrick saw me walk in and got up from his seat. “Hey, Liz.”
“Hey.”
“Are you busy after school? I wanted to run our design by Mr. D and see if he’d approve it today. I’d like to get started on it tomorrow and I don’t know if he has all the stuff we need. If he doesn’t, then I could get it tonight after practice.”
“No, I got time today. I was kinda thinking the same thing.” I was surprised we had the same idea. Wow.
“Okay, cool. I’ll meet you at Mr. D’s then after school.”
“Sure.” I put my bag down on my desk and sat down. He nodded and walked back to his seat.
After history, I headed over to Mr. D’s room and Patrick was already there. They were talking about something, but it wasn’t our lab. “You know, if you really want to make yourself competitive at those schools, you need to attend a program this summer. That shows that you want to excel and would be an excellent addition to their school.” Mr. D was telling Patrick. “And you can get scholarships, internships and network with university professors.”
“Really?! That’s so cool.” Patrick seemed pretty excited about the idea. It sounded interesting and if it meant not being stuck in the house all summer, it was cool.
“I think it would be a great opportunity for you. There’s one that I was involved with this past summer at UCSD called COSMOS.” Mr. D noticed I had walked in. “Hi, Liz.”
“Hey, Liz.” Patrick turned to look at me then back to Mr. D.
Mr. D continued, “Anyway, it was four week residential program for the students. They got to study specific strands that they were interested in with university faculty. I wish they had this program when I was in high school. I really think you should apply. You too, Liz. You have a knack for science and math.”
“Four weeks away from home over the summer and doing science. Sounds good to me.” I really liked the idea of the program and being out the house for any period of time. My parents were pretty strict, but if was an academic program, help me get into college and get scholarships, they’d probably let me go. Besides, UCSD—the University of California, San Diego—was local. It was 30 to 40 minutes away from home, depending on traffic. So, it was close, but not too close, for a summer program at least.
“So, Mr. D, we wanted to show you our design and see if you approve.” Patrick took out his copy of the design and handed it to Mr. D. “Liz had this really cool idea to reduce friction here.” He pointed to my creative contribution.
“Do you think it would work?” I wanted to know if it was impossible to even try.
“Yes, I think it might. It’s definitely worth trying. I’ve never had one of my students try something like that.” Mr. D seemed really impressed. “Let me see if I have the parts.” He got up and went to his back room which he used to store lab supplies.
“See, I told you it was a good idea!” Patrick was excited.
“Yeah, I know. Thanks.” I really wasn’t used to getting compliments. “What if he doesn’t have all the stuff?” I tried to change the subject off myself.
“I told you. I’d pick up the parts after practice.” He looked up the clock. “Good. I still have time before practice. So, have you ever gone to any basketball games?”
“Yeah, a couple.” I had seen some NBA games in the past.
“What did ya think?”
“Huh?” I was confused until I realized he meant the school’s team. “Oh, no. I haven’t gone to any games here.”
“I thought you said…” Now Patrick was confused.
“I’ve been to some Celtics games. I’ve liked the team since I was a kid. I guess I never thought about going to the games here.” I admitted.
“The Celtics? Cool.” He smiled. “You should come and watch. We have a home game tomorrow. We’re pretty good this year. I think we’ll make it into the playoffs.”
“That’s cool. I’ll try to come by.” I didn’t want to commit to anything.
“Try?! Come on! Why not?”
“Well,” I desperately was thinking of an excuse, “What if our design doesn’t work out so great? If it doesn’t, then I’d like to get it figured out before the next class, so we don’t waste a bunch of time. I don’t mind spending extra time improving a working system, but I get frustrated when the original plan doesn’t work.”
Patrick looked at me, it was like he knew I was making up an excuse, then he smiled. “Yeah, I get that. I’m like that too. But I think you forgot who your lab partner is. You don’t have to troubleshoot by yourself this time. I can help.” His smile reached his eyes.
“Yeah, I guess I don’t. What a concept. Wait. I don’t mean…” I realized that I might have sounded like I didn’t think he would help. “I didn’t think that you wouldn’t help. It’s just…”
“You’re used to having to do it all yourself or all the hard stuff yourself?” His face was empathetic and friendly with his brows raised.
“Yeah.” I sighed.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. Me, too. It’s not fair when that happens. That’s what I told Mr. D. I don’t mind helping others, but it really sucks when I end up doing all the work. So, how about this? What if…” He thought for a second, “If we get the part that we build tomorrow working and have no major problems, then will you go to the game?”
“Sure. If there are no major problems.” I didn’t think that would happen. A lab rarely went smoothly. How could I lose on this?
“Cool. I know there won’t be.” He was confident, but not cocky. He seemed to really believe it.
Mr. D came back with a box of supplies. “I think I have everything here.” He handed us the box. “Double check if that’s everything.”
We looked through the contents of the box and compared it to our parts list. It seemed like everything was there. I was glad that Patrick wouldn’t have to go and shop for parts after practice. “Yeah, it’s all here.” Patrick confirmed.
“So, does this mean you approve our design?” I wanted actual confirmation that it was approved.
“Yes, Liz, it’s a good idea. I’ll be interested to see how well it turns out. If you want, you can leave the materials here.” Mr. D pointed to where we could leave the box of supplies in the classroom. 
Patrick put the box where Mr. D said to and picked up his backpack. “I need to get to practice. Thanks, Mr. D! Bye, Liz.” He headed out the door.
“See you tomorrow.” Mr. D called out after him. “So, Liz, are things working out okay, so far, with Patrick?”
“Yeah.” I didn’t quite understand what he was getting at.
“It was brought to my attention that it wasn’t fair for the stronger students to work with ones who struggled. I noticed that you did a lot of the work with your other partners. Don’t think teachers don’t notice those things, we do. At least, I do and I grade accordingly. This time, I tried to pair people closer to ability level. I think, it will take the pressure off you guys and let you learn at the rate you’d like to. Which, you guys have already proven by your design.” 
“Thanks. I do like working with someone who knows, well…isn’t stupid.” I didn’t want to say it, because it sounded mean, but I couldn’t help it. I could tell Mr. D understood because he chuckled. “Well, stupid isn’t the right word, but you know what I mean. It’s nice not having to explain everything in detail and do all the work.” I was relieved to actually have a chance to work with someone on a project—it did make it less stressful. 
“Let me know if you guys have any trouble. I think there’s a lot of potential there.” Mr. D smiled. “If it works out, then I won’t change the seating chart for a while.” He was definitely one of my favorite teachers here at school, even just after a month and a half in his class.
“I guess we’ll find out tomorrow if stuff doesn’t work.” I picked up my backpack. “I should get going.”
“Alright. I’ll see you tomorrow. Have a good night.”
“You too, Mr. D. Thanks for understanding.” I cracked a small smile.
“Anytime.” He seemed to mean it. He had no reason to not to. I nodded and headed home.



3. DISTRUST

I got home and, as usual, got started on my homework. My parents weren’t due home for a couple hours, so I had time to practice singing before they got home. I hooked up the speakers to my MP3 player, turned up the volume and played my song. As I sang, I pulled out my physics homework and started on the problem set. It was short, only 5 problems, since Mr. D also wanted us to work on the lab. After I was done, I looked over the design Patrick and I created this morning. There were questions that Mr. D wanted us to answer as we built and tested our design.
It was almost 5:00 pm and I knew my mom would be home soon. I turned on the television, unplugged my speakers and returned them to my room. By the time I heard the familiar sound of the garage door open, there was no evidence in the family room that I was still planning on auditioning and deliberately disobeying her.
I had the lab assignment out on the coffee table. My mom saw it on the table. “New project for class?”
“Yes. For science class.” Project. Lab. My mom didn’t know the difference and it really didn’t matter.
“I hope you tell your teacher that you do all the work and that your partner doesn’t help.” How was I the one getting scolded? For doing my work?
“He knows.” I thought about what Mr. D had said.
“Good. It isn’t right that you do everything and they get the credit.” She said matter-of-factly.
I was surprised that my mom had even noticed. “I know. We got new partners in class today. My new partner is different. He can do work too.” 
“You can’t trust that he will, just because you think he can.” Her demeanor shifted a little. “Hmph. At least you won’t be working on the project by yourself and up all night. I never understood why you kill yourself over these projects, when your partner doesn’t care. Your teacher can’t expect you to do the work that he assigns for two people.” She shook her head.
Of course she wouldn’t understand. There were very few things I had any control of in my life. My grades were one of them. I took control wherever I could. My parents weren’t one of them. There was no point in arguing or even continuing the conversation. “I know.” 
She was right about one thing. I couldn’t trust that Patrick would do his half of the work. He was smart, but busy. I didn’t know where his priorities lied. He had basketball and friends. Maybe he was glad to have me as a partner so he had more time to focus on other stuff, someone to do more of the work. I may not have to do 100% of the work, but 80% or 90% instead. Heck, at this point, that might be a relief. 
Since I couldn’t count on what he would do, I figured I should just forge ahead and get what I could done now, like the first few questions on the lab. I grabbed the lab assignment off the table and went to my bedroom. I preferred to type up my assignments, so if I need to edit it later, it was easier than rewriting the whole thing. I turned on my television and computer and waited for it to boot. I looked over the questions, they didn’t seem too hard and shouldn’t take me too long to finish. Some of the other questions for the latter part of the lab did seem more challenging.
I checked my school email account before getting started to see if Mr. D or any of my other teachers had sent out any addendums or reminders to their assignments. I hated to start work, only to find out that a teacher had modified the work then read the email about it afterwards or hear about it the next day. There were no emails from any of my teachers, but I did have one new one. It was from Patrick.
How did he get my email address? I guess it wouldn’t be difficult, the school’s website had student and teacher pages. Why would he be emailing me? There was only one way to find out, open it and read it.
Hey Liz,
We didn’t get a chance to split up the other pre-lab questions for Mr. D’s class. So, I went ahead and did them. I hope you don’t mind. I attached the answers, so you can add to it whatever you want! Let me know if it’s ok.
Here’s my cell phone number—555.2188.
-Patrick
Wow. I didn’t expect that. I opened up the attachment and, sure enough, he did the rest of the questions. It looked right and I didn’t really have anything to add. I was shocked. For the first time, someone had done the work for me instead of the other way around. Well, that was nice of him. His friends must have been busy and had free time.
Was I supposed to email him back or call him? What if he didn’t check his email until tomorrow, then he wouldn’t know that it was okay? But if he was in the middle of dinner or something, his phone ringing wouldn’t be good. I never had to think about this stuff before. At the very least, it was a long time ago. 
I turned down the volume on my television and picked up my cell phone. My parents got it for me last year for my birthday. I rarely used it, except to check the time. But, I always had it on me. I dialed Patrick’s phone number. It rang three times and I was about to hang up when he picked up.
“Hello?” A friendly voice answered.
“Hi. Uhh.. Patrick?” He did say it was his cell phone, so it didn’t feel right to ask for him. But, I wasn’t sure it was him. 
“Yeah.”
“Hi, it’s Liz…from Mr. D’s class.” My voice was nervous, still unsure if I should be calling.
“Oh, hey, Liz. How’s it going?” Somehow, his voice became friendlier upon knowing it was me and not some wrong number. Maybe I was imagining it. I didn’t really know him.
“Okay. I got your email.” Duh. How else would I have known his phone number? 
 “Yeah. Did you already do the problems?” He sounded a little worried, like he had been too late. Why would he care?
“No. I was just about to when I read your email.”
“Oh, good. I would have called you, but I didn’t have your number. So, I looked up your email on the school website.”
“You didn’t have to do it. I would have. You’re really busy with practice and stuff.”
“I’m sure you have stuff to do, too. Like I said, we didn’t get a chance to say who was doing what. So, I just did it. Wait…did I answer something wrong or not good enough?”
“No. No. It was fine. That’s not what I meant.” I didn’t intend to sound like his answers were wrong.
“Okay… What did you mean?” 
“Never mind. Thanks for emailing it to me.” It wasn’t worth explaining.
“No problem. Don’t forget, you said that if we got the first part working, you’d come by the game tomorrow.”
That’s right. I did. I had forgotten. “Oh, yeah. If we don’t run into problems.”
“I don’t think we will. Thanks for calling me and letting me know you got it. Now, I have your number.” He sounded happy, not that my voice ever really sounded like that.
“Huh?” I distinctly remember not giving it to him.
“Showed up on my cell phone when you called.”
“Oh.” Well, that made sense.
“Is it your home phone or your cell?”
“My cell.” It was a good thing I didn’t call him with the house phone. I wouldn’t want to answer what questions my parents might have if he called that line.
“Cool. Next time I can just call you if I have questions.”
I was quiet. I didn’t know how to respond to that. My lab partners never did that before. Probably because I always did all the work.
“If that’s okay with you.” He added.
“Yeah. That’s fine.” I guess there was nothing wrong with it. I doubt he’d ever have to use it. I stared at my computer, wondering how to get off the phone.
“Did you start the math homework yet?” He asked.
“No, not yet. I finished those other problems for Mr. D first. I was going to do it after the pre-lab questions, but you did those already… I guess I’ll start them next.” The polite thing to do would be to ask him if he had. “What about you?”
“I did. That’s what I was doing when you called.”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to bother you.” I should have asked him if he was busy when he answered.
“Nah. Don’t worry about it. Just watch out for number 17. That’s the hard one for me. I got through parts a and b and I’m still working on c.”
“Number 17. I’ll remember that. Thanks.” I wondered if it was anything like that problem last night that I had trouble with. I’ll find out soon enough.
“Well, I’ll let you get started on your math.”
“Alright.” He was doing what I couldn’t figure out how to do—letting me get off the phone. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“See you.” I hung up the phone.
I turned the volume back up on my television. I opened my math book and got to work. I still thought it was weird that he did the work before I did. He had practice today. I remember him hurrying out of Mr. D’s to get to practice after school. I guess there was a reason why he had the reputation he had. He was nice enough. Still, I didn’t know him well enough to trust what he’d do. 
I blazed through most of the math problems. But he was right about number 17.



4. BABY STEPS

Patrick was already in Mr. D’s when I got there just after the first bell rang. He had our parts box on our table and was sorting through it. Huh. My lab partners were never in class before me.
“Hi.” I said timidly.
He looked up from the box. “Hey, Liz. How’s it going?”
“Ok, I guess.” I wasn’t used to small talk. It’d been so long since I had to. Usually, my lab partners got the hint that I just wanted to get the work done. Since they weren’t capable of doing it or even helping, they left me alone to do it and talked with their friends. I never had one who talked to me.
“So, don’t forget you agreed to go to the game today.” He wasn’t going to let that go. I was stuck.
“Yeah. If the first part of the lab worked. I don’t know if I’ll be able to get it all together and even tested once before class is over.”
He eyed me quizzically. “Hmph.”
“What? It’s true.” I didn’t understand why he looked at me like that. I wish he’d stop. It made me feel self-conscious.
“Remember, you don’t have to do this by yourself. I will be helping.” 
I just stared at him. “Okay.”
“Seriously. I don’t expect you to do all the work.” He thought for a second. “Is that what you meant last night? You think I’d stick you with all the work?” He shook his head in disbelief. He seemed to take offense at the thought. “I’d never do that. That isn’t right. I thought we talked about that yesterday. I hated partners that did that.”
“Okay.” There was no point in arguing. I didn’t trust what he said, but I didn’t want to offend him either.
Class started and we got to work on our lab. Mr. D made his rounds, checking everyone’s progress. I was surprised how much headway we were making. We were almost done putting together our design and would have plenty of time to test it. It was good to troubleshoot and work with someone who understood what was going on and helped with the design.
Patrick noticed too. He grinned. “So, the game starts at 3:00.” He put the ball bearing at the top of our contraption. He let go of the ball as I started the timer.
“Who are you playing?” He had kept his word and worked with me the entire time. I guess I should keep my word as well. It looked like I was going.
 “Parkside High. Coach has a friend that coaches their basketball team. So, it’s an unofficial game, but it’s a way to wake up all of us for the season.”
“Kinda like a pre-test or pre-season?”
He laughed. “Yeah. Pretty much. Anyway, since it’s a scrimmage game, it’s free. Bring your friends. It’ll be fun.”
I smiled and politely nodded. I hadn’t spoken to my so-called friends since before Spring Break last year. It had been months. I guess that was something else my parents were right about, you can’t rely on your friends. Friends are supposed to know when you are having a tough time and not abandon you. They also said that you can only rely on your family, but that part didn’t seem so right. “What time will it be done?”
“Eh.. maybe 4:30 or 4:45ish. You don’t have to stay the whole time, if you don’t want. I mean, you can, but I know you probably got lots to do.” He started putting our design in the box that Mr. D provided each group for storage and packing away the extra parts.
“We’ll see. I’d need to leave around that time. But I’ll come watch.” I helped him put the rest of the stuff away. We grabbed our papers and went back to our table.
I leafed through the next part of the lab to see what needed to be done. There were about ten questions that dealt with analyzing the data collected and your design, discussing what worked and didn’t work, and how you would use the information to complete the next part of the lab. It was pretty intense. I wasn’t looking forward to all that work, especially since I was going to the game this afternoon.
“Which ones do you want to do?” He looked through the questions. He held his pen, ready to circle problems.
“Doesn’t matter to me. I can do them.”
“No. Which ones?”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll do it.” I said automatically.
He looked at me and blinked wide-eyed. “Don’t you trust me?”
I was speechless. 
“You don’t.” His face filled with disbelief. “Haven’t I shown that you can trust me?”
I shrugged my shoulders and tilted my head. I had only known him a day. I’ve known of him for longer, but that didn’t count for trust.
“Okay.” He took a deep breath. It seemed to bother him that I thought the way I did. “Let me ask you this… Have I given you a reason to distrust me?”
“I guess not.”
“Haven’t I done everything I said I’d do?”
“Yeah.” I had to admit that. I was surprised he had and more.
“So?” He waited for an explanation or response.
Mr. D walked by us. “How you guys doing?” He looked at Patrick.
I took a deep breath, waiting for his response. Here we go. He’d tell Mr. D that he would rather work with someone else or alone, that I was weird. Every muscle in my body tensed up.
“Good.” He genuinely smiled. “Our design went great. We’ll get the write-up done tonight. So, we should be able to start planning the next part tomorrow. Right?” He looked at me, waiting.
“Yeah.” I was floored. That wasn’t what I expected him to say.
“I knew you guys would make a good team.” Mr. D answered and walked over to check in with Joey and Kevin.
“Thanks.” I did appreciate that he didn’t let on to Mr. D about his frustration with me.
“No problem. So, now, do you trust me?” He smiled. I could see why he was popular and good at everything. He was real, about everything. Here he was calling me on something I didn’t want to admit and it didn’t seem threatening. I didn’t feel defensive. 
I bit my inside cheek and thought about it. “Well, I don’t distrust you.” I half-smiled. I hope that would be enough for now.
“Okay. I guess that’s a start. I’ll have to work on it then.” He smiled. I guess it would be enough for now. He constantly surprised me with his reactions. “I meant what I said. We will get the write-up done. I’ll do numbers…3, 5, 6, 8, and 10, if that’s okay.” He circled the numbers he volunteered to do.
“That’s fine.” I circled the problems I was responsible for.
Mr. D gave his final reminders as the bell rang. He dismissed the class. I put my lab handout into my folder and shoved it into my backpack.
“See you later.” He told me as he finished putting his stuff away.
“Bye, Patrick.” I hurried out the door and to my next class.
* * *
When I got to fourth period, English, Patrick was talking just outside the classroom door with two other guys. They looked familiar, but I didn’t know their names. I might have had one, or maybe both, of them in a class before.
I was going to walk past them and go directly into the classroom, when I heard my name.
“Liz!” Patrick tried to get my attention.
I stopped and took a step back to see what he wanted. “Hi.”
“Guys,” He turned to look at his two friends. “This is Liz.” He turned to me, “Liz, this is Jason and Bobby.” Pointing to each one of them.
“Hi.” I greeted them. 
“Liz is going to watch the game today. It’ll be her first game, so it’s important that you don’t suck, or she won’t go again.” He ordered his friends.
Bobby laughed, “I make no guarantees.”
Jason added, “I can.”
They were so easy-going with each other. I could tell they were all really good friends. 
“We’ll see you later.” Bobby and Jason said their goodbyes and headed off to nearby classrooms.
Patrick and I walked into our English class. He opened up his backpack and started to pull out a notebook. 
“They seem nice.” I commented.
“Jason and Bobby are great. They always have my back.” He got the notebook out and pulled out a sheet of paper. “Here. Look this over. Let me know what you think. I had some time last period to work on the stuff for physics.” 
He handed me the paper. I couldn’t believe he was already working on it. I was going to start working on it at lunch. Wow. My eyes were wide. “Oh. Okay.”
He chuckled. “Don’t look so surprised. I said I would do it.”
“Yeah, I know. But, I didn’t expect you to already be working on it.”
“I do that sometimes. Besides, I have to prove to someone that they can trust me.” He flashed a smile and sat down at his seat.
The bell rang and Mr. Ludlow started class. I went to my desk and started reading over what he had written. It was very thorough. He had included comments that I had made when we worked on it in class. I was impressed. Maybe I could trust him enough to work as a team. 
It was a hard thing for me to do. Trusting someone with your grade in class was the equivalent to trusting your future with them. If they ruined your grade on a project or assignment, then it would hurt your overall grade, which would hurt your overall GPA, which would hurt your chances for college and your future. My future was the way out from my parents. It was all logically connected to me. 
I guess he hadn’t yet given me a specific reason to not trust him. There was something about his confidence that I couldn’t quite describe. It wasn’t cockiness or smugness. It was almost like he could kill you with kindness and you wanted him to do it. Maybe it was just because he was the first person in a long time that didn’t use me for getting our projects done. Maybe I was over thinking the whole thing. Maybe not. I don’t know anymore.
Mr. Ludlow let us self-select groups to discuss reading from last night. I always hated that. Did he not know our names yet? It’s October! Was the teacher too lazy to assign groups? Did he know that groups were really pointless and some of us did all the work while others did nothing? Did he think of the assignment that morning and didn’t get around to figuring out the whole thing? Usually, when it was ‘pick your groups’ I sat and did the work myself. Everyone picked their friends anyway. It was better that way. There was no pretense of teamwork. I didn’t have to resent the other person.
This time, Patrick came over and sat beside me. It startled me.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.” He must have seen me jump a little in my seat.
“It’s okay. I just wasn’t expecting…never mind.” I shook my head.
He read the first question from the screen at the front of the room. We discussed the questions that were posted and wrote our responses to turn in. The overachievers that we were, we got done very quickly. “So, did you get a chance to read over what I wrote earlier?”
“Yeah. I did. It’s good.” Really good, actually. I was impressed.
“Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.” I handed it back to him. “I…I didn’t start yet. I haven’t had time. I was gonna start at lunch.”
“Don’t worry about it. I know you’ll get it done. I trust you.” He winked. His grin was coy and playful. Suddenly, his smile disappeared. “Wait. I don’t want you spending your lunch doing it, just ‘cause I got some of it done. That’s not why I showed it to you.”
“Oh, I know.” I shrugged my shoulder. “I just wanted to get some stuff done, so I had less to do tonight.”
“Oh. Okay.” His smile returned. “So, you got big plans tonight?”
“No major plans.”
“I thought you said you needed to bail from the game before 5:00.” He looked confused. “’Cause if you don’t….”
I quickly thought of a reason I could share that was still the truth. “Well, it’s just that I’ll have the house to myself. And, I can practice before my folks get home.” 
“Practice?” I could see his mind working trying to figure out what I was talking about. 
I had said too much. The words had come out of my mouth before I could stop them. Why did I say that? “Uh…yeah.”
“For what?”
I felt myself shrinking in my seat. If I could hide in a shell like a hermit crab, I would have. “Nothing.” 
“Come on. Tell me.” His voice was kind.
“No. You’re going to laugh.” I shook my head. I could hear my mom in what I said.
“I won’t. I swear.” His face was soft and welcoming. “Please?”
I took a deep breath. “Auditions for the winter concert.” I rushed through my words and watched his reaction. I braced myself.
“Really? Playing or singing?” He seemed genuinely curious.
“Singing. I’m going to tryout for a solo.” I paused and waited for him to laugh. He didn’t. “I don’t think I’ll get it.”
“Why not?” His brow furrowed.
“There are some really good singers in choir. Some of them take lessons. I just sing along with songs I like.”
“That doesn’t mean you’re not good. I bet you’re great.”
“Thanks. But you’ve never heard me sing. I could be awful.” I nervously laughed.
“Somehow, I doubt that. You could prove me wrong.”
“By…?” How would I prove him wrong? There was only one way I could think of.
“Singing for me.” He looked so matter-of-fact.
“Right now? In the middle of class?” I couldn’t believe it.
He nodded.
“Uh. No. I don’t think so.” I vehemently shook my head back and forth. My eyes bugged out of my head in fear.
 He looked around the room. The rest of the class was still discussing the questions that shown on the screen. “Ok. Maybe it’s not the best place or time. But…” A sly grin crossed his face. It was like he was about to say ‘checkmate.’ “You didn’t say ‘no’ to singing for me.”
He was right. I didn’t. I said ‘no’ to singing in the classroom at that moment. It wasn’t that he tricked me, I walked into it. Well, I guess it wouldn’t hurt to get feedback, so I could really know if I should bother to audition or if it was delusions of grandeur. Then again, it could. But it would probably be better than finding out during the audition itself and everyone watching.
“I guess, I didn’t.” I finally admitted to him.
“So, you’ll sing for me sometime?” His voice was hopeful.
“But I didn’t exactly say ‘yes’ either.” This would at least give me an out. 
He shook his head and laughed. “Okay, you got me there. But, really, I would like to hear you sing. I wish I could.”
Mr. Ludlow came by to check up on us. “Did you guys finish the questions?”
“Yes, sir.” Patrick handed him our responses. 
Mr. Ludlow skimmed the answers and nodded. “Very good. Insightful.” He moved on to check up on another group before heading to the front of the classroom. Mr. Ludlow announced what the homework was for tonight. I wrote down the assignment in my notebook.
“So, when is the audition?” He didn’t get distracted easily. I swear, he remembered everything.
“Less than two weeks. But, I need to take advantage of every opportunity to practice.”
“I totally understand. I get how important practice is.” He nodded.
“So, you were right about 17c on the math homework last night.” I finally found a subject to switch to.
“Yeah? Good. It wasn’t just me.” He ran his hand through his hair.
“No. Thanks for letting me know, though. I hate when I think everything will be easy and then I hit a brick wall.”
“It’s like your brain isn’t ready for it. Huh?” He laughed. “Yeah, that sometimes happens to me too.” He put his stuff away and the bell rang. It was time for lunch.
“Bye.” I slowly got up from my seat. I held my notebook in my arms. There was no need to put it away, since I was going to use it once I got outside for lunch.
“See you later. Don’t spend all of lunch doing homework.” He said as he threw his backpack over his shoulder. He walked to the door and called back, “Don’t forget. Tip off is at 3:00!”
“Are you going to remind me every period?” I asked him.
“Just making sure you remember!” He turned and walked out the door. Bobby and Jason were waiting for him outside.
I left the classroom and went to my usual place against a far side tree in the quad. I sat down and leaned against the tree. About 30 yards away, I saw Patrick and his friends at one of the lunch tables.
It was yearbook picture perfect. Food, friends and laughter. I could tell there were three couples in the group. Patrick, Bobby and Jason had either an arm around or holding hands with their respective girlfriends. There were two other guys in their group, who, didn’t seem to mind the others were coupled. They were just as much part of the circle of friends.
I opened up my notebook and worked on physics. The more I got done at lunch, the less I’d have to do tonight and the more I could practice before my parents got home from their dinner. By the time the bell rang ending lunch, I only had one problem left to do. I was pleased with my progress.
I hurried to math class. Ms. Adams asked if there any homework problems we wanted to go over. Students shouted out different problem numbers. Seventeen came up the most often, along with 15 and 16. It seemed most of the class had a hard time starting the problem. Patrick looked over at me and chuckled. Ms. Adams always called upon students to write their answers on the board and share their solution. 
“Patrick. What did you get for number 17?” She extended out the marker to him as an invitation to the board. He got up from desk and headed to the board. “You can bring your homework with you.”
“It’s okay.” He got to the board empty-ended and took the dry-erase marker from her. He wrote his solution on the board and took a step back. He reviewed his answer before handing the marker back to her. 
She looked over his solution. “Okay. Thank you, Patrick. You can sit down. Who can explain his answer?” Ms. Adams liked having one person write the answer and another one explain it.
The room went quiet as no one wanted to draw attention to themselves. I looked around and saw confusion in my classmates’ faces. It was obvious she wasn’t going to call on the people who had requested the problem to begin with. She scanned the room, her gaze finally falling on someone. “Liz, can you explain what Patrick did?”
Thankfully, I didn’t have to go the board. I nodded and explained his written work.
* * *
When class ended, I packed up my stuff and rushed to the door. Patrick was still at his seat when I heard him, “Liz!”
I turned back and paused. “Yeah?”
“Don’t forget! Just a friendly reminder. 3:00pm!” He laughed.
“I know. I know.” I rolled my eyes. I guess he had to make sure that he reminded every class we had together.
“You better be there. You said you would.”
“I will.” I quickly nodded and hurried to my last class. I hated to think what he would say if I didn’t show up.
* * *
When the bell rang to end the school day, I had to fight the urge to hop in my car and go home. I had promised to go to the game today. I hated it when people broke their word and so I tried very hard not to do it. The game wasn’t going to start for about forty-five minutes, but I didn’t know where else to go, but to the gym. I hoped the doors were unlocked, so I could just go inside and wait.
When I got to the gym, the doors were propped open. I could hear the squeaking of the sneakers on the floor. Did the game already start? I thought Patrick told me 3:00 pm, repeatedly. It’s wasn’t 3:00 yet. 
I walked inside and glanced around. The teams were warming up. Patrick’s team was at the basket closest to me, the opposing team was at the far end. The stands were fairly empty, it was still early. I could see groups of friends scattered in different spots. I didn’t know where to sit. I was sure there was a ‘home’ and ‘visitor’ side, but, having never been to a game, I didn’t know which side was which. I stood there, indecisive. I didn’t want to sit with the wrong side. I wanted to just turn around and leave. I almost did.
“Hey, Liz.” Patrick waved at me as he ran to get a loose ball that whizzed by me. “You made it!”
“Yeah. We had a deal.” I was very uncomfortable. I didn’t know what to do with myself, but I knew I was in the way where I stood.
He grabbed the ball and jogged back. “Sit on the west side. That’s the home side.”
“Okay.” But I didn’t move. “Um…I’m directionally challenged. Which is west?”
He smiled and tossed the ball to Bobby. “That side.” He pointed across the gym. 
“Thanks.” I half-smiled and was thankful he didn’t laugh. I felt silly for not knowing, but it would have been worse to pick the wrong side and really look dumb. I walked across to the other side and slowly walked up the bleachers, being careful not to lose my balance and trip. I tightly held onto the railing as I took each step. I went to the top center row of the bleachers and sat down. It was a good view of the entire gym. I took out my notebook to finish the physics homework and work on math before the game started.
I knew it was getting closer to game time because the noise level and warmth in the gym rose dramatically. Down in the first row, I saw Bobby and Jason’s girlfriends along with his two other guy friends. I guess they didn’t play basketball. 
Usually, I’d only watched professional basketball. Although, this year I had watched the NCAA tournament on television. I had seen the tournament starting at the ‘Sweet 16’. I don’t know why I never went to a high school game, as much as I liked basketball. 
The game itself was fun to watch. Patrick was right. Their team was pretty good, but there was room for improvement. Who was I to judge? I’ve never played myself and the season had barely begun. I guess, technically it hadn’t. The other team, Parkside, didn’t seem as cohesive or in shape. I guess this is what their coaches wanted, a pre-game to make them realize what shape they were in and where they needed to be.
Before, when I watched games on television, I would cheer, yell and groan depending on how my team did. If it was the playoffs, I was louder. I was much more subdued today, but I did have to fight the growing urge to cheer. I hadn’t felt like that in a long time.
At the end of the game, I watched the post-game rituals. The two teams and coaches congratulated each other on a good game. I saw many of the players, including Patrick, Jason and Bobby go up to their friends after they were dismissed by the coach. I picked up my backpack. Walking down the bleachers was dizzying if I looked all the way down. I concentrated carefully at each step, staring at my feet, as I walked down, so I didn’t trip and fall. I got to the bottom and started toward the door.
Patrick ran up to me. “Hey, Liz. So, what did you think?”
“Good game. Thanks for inviting me.” I meant it.
“You’re welcome. Thanks for coming.”
“I, uh…finished my half of the physics work.” I didn’t know what else to talk about.
“You didn’t do it during the game did you?” He seemed a little confused.
“No, no. I finished it before it started.”
He looked at me with one eyebrow raised.
“I swear. I only watched the game and didn’t work on anything else. It’s too hard to multi-task when basketball is on.” That was the truth. I could do other stuff when I watched television, but not basketball.
He laughed, “I know what you mean. You blink and you can miss something. Hey! Let me introduce you to the crew.” 
He didn’t give me a chance to protest. We walked over to his friends. “Liz, this is Emily, Cassie, Kraig and Tony. You already met Jason and Bobby.”
Jason had a hearty laugh and slapped Patrick’s back, “Didn’t I guarantee you that I wouldn’t suck?” 
“You did deliver.” Patrick responded. The entire crew laughed. The girls shook their heads and rolled their eyes. I stood there, an outsider, as they continued joking around and talked. 
“Liz, have you seen that movie?” Tony asked.
“Huh?” It took me a second to realize that they were including me in their conversation. I couldn’t remember the last time I talked in a group. “Um, no…I haven’t.” 
“I heard it was the funniest movie ever!” Patrick boomed. 
Kraig insisted, “We need to see it, guys.”
“Yeah, we do!” Emily agreed. She looked at me eagerly, “You should come with us.”
It took me by surprise. “We’ll see…” I was thankful when she smiled and the conversation moved on. But, I think she took my response as a ‘yes’.
I paid a little more attention to their conversation, so I wouldn’t be caught off-guard again. I was able to get to know who they were a little better.
Emily was Bobby’s girlfriend. She was petite and had lightly tanned skin. She had short straight black hair that was just a few inches short of her shoulders. She was bubbly and perky, without being annoying about it.
Cassie was slightly taller than Emily, with long wavy brown hair. She and Jason were a couple. She was a little quieter and shyer than Emily. They appeared to be best friends.
Tony was a runner. He ran cross country and track. He was shorter than the rest of the guys, but very slender. He had a runner’s body. His deep tan showed how much time he spent outside running.
Kraig wasn’t an athlete. He would play pick-up games with the guys, but that was about it. I realized that we had been in the same math class last year.
“I need to get going.” I took out my cell phone to check the time. I probably had at least two hours before my parents got home.
“Okay. Well, let us grab our stuff and we can all walk out together.” Patrick slapped Jason and Bobby’s backs. The three of them ran to the locker room.
I must have looked very uncomfortable standing there, while the rest of them talked, because Emily tried to ease my nerves. “They’ll be fast. They don’t usually keep us waiting for long.”
I nodded. I hoped they didn’t take too long. I wanted to get home. I didn’t want to stand there making small talk with people I didn’t know and would likely not speak to again.
They emerged from the locker room in just a few minutes with their backpacks. Bobby put his arm around Emily. Cassie took Jason’s hand. We all walked out to the parking lot together. We got to my car before any of theirs. 
I unlocked my door. “Bye, guys.” I put my backpack on the driver’s seat.
The rest of the crew said ‘goodbye’. Patrick walked to the driver’s side of my car. “Do you want to give me your answers and I’ll type them up and with mine?”
“Um…” What if he lost my paper? What if he forgot it? How would I know if he was able to read my writing and got it typed up?
He tilted his head. “Come on. What do you think? I’ll lose your homework? I would never do that.” 
He looked so sincere. I guess he wouldn’t lose it, if he kept it with his. If he did lose it, it shouldn’t take me too long to re-do it. “Uh…I guess.” 
I leaned into my car and opened up my backpack. I pulled out my physics work. Hesitantly, I handed it to him. He smiled, “It’s okay. I’ll email it to you tonight. You can trust me. You’ll see.”
I bit the inside of my cheek and searched his eyes for some sign that I shouldn’t trust him. I didn’t see anything like that. “Okay.”
“Don’t worry. Go home. Practice. I’ll email you tonight.”
I nodded, “Alright. Bye.” 
“Bye. And thanks!” He held up my paper, smiled and nodded.
I got into my car and hoped I didn’t make the wrong decision. I wasn’t going to run after him when he was with all his friends and embarrass myself. It was too late now to do anything about it. I started my car and pulled out of the space. As I drove out of the parking lot, I noticed Patrick and his crew hanging out by their cars. He waved as I went by.
* * *
I got home a little later than I hoped. Instead of practicing in the family room, I practiced in my room. The instant I heard the garage door open, I turned off my music, turned on the TV and started up my computer. I closed my eyes and hoped I had gotten an email from Patrick with our combined work.
I checked my email. My nerves calmed when I saw Patrick’s email. 
Hey Liz,
Here’s the lab. I told you I’d get it done. =) 
Thanks again for coming to the game. Hope you had fun. See you tomorrow!
-Patrick
My mom walked into my room just as I opened the attachment. She stood behind me, looking over my shoulder. I wish she didn’t do that. “Homework?”
“Yes. Physics.” I scrolled down the screen. “How was dinner?”
“It was wonderful. We tried this new Italian place on Pacific Coast Highway.” She went on and on about the dinner. “How was your day?”
“Fine. I was invited to go to a basketball game.” Telling her about the invitation was the best way to test the waters.
“By who?” I got scared by her reaction. 
“Classmate.” 
“Does this classmate have a name?”
I took a deep breath. Here we go. “Patrick.”
“A boy?” She shook her head. “So, a date?”
“No. He has a girlfriend. He’s just a guy from class. I told you about him yesterday—my lab partner in science.”
“If he has a girlfriend, why is he asking you to a game?”
Maybe because he’s just nice? Maybe not everyone has an ulterior motive. “He’s on the basketball team. He knew I liked basketball.”
She eyed me. “How would he know that? How long have you been talking to this boy?”
Great. I said too much, now I have to explain more without explaining more. “When we get new lab partners, Mr. D has us introduce ourselves.”
“Hmph. Where is the game?”
“At school.” 
She stared at me. She knew how much I liked the game. “Basketball. Be careful.” 
With that, she left my room. What did that mean? So, was that a ‘yes’? A ‘you can go, but I don’t really like it’ response? Regardless, I wasn’t going to tell her that I had already went. At least I planted the idea in her head, so if I ever decided to go again… Well, it wouldn’t seem like it was from out of the blue. I didn’t know if I’d watch another game.



5. REACHING OUT

The rest of the week, Patrick and I made good progress on our lab. We were much further along than the other groups. I figured we would be able to film our video part in the next day or two.
It was really nice to work with someone on the assignments. When teachers told us to pick our own partners, we would work together in English and math class. We had settled into a little routine for our project. By the end of class, we had divided up the work and by math he had shown me at least a portion of his part. If I finished my half before our last class together, he typed it up. If I hadn’t, I typed it up and emailed it to him. 
He was hell bent on me trusting him. I had to admit, it was working. He did what he said he would do. He earned my trust, a little bit every class, every day. Patrick never gave me a reason before to doubt him. 
Toward the end of physics class, we started putting our supplies away. We weren’t quite done with what we wanted to do, but there wasn’t enough time left in the period to finish it. “I don’t have basketball practice today, if you want to finish after school.”
“Sounds good.” I shoved my notebook in my backpack.
“Okay. Oh, hey, how’s your practicing going?” He asked.
My face fell. He never seemed to forget anything. “It’s going. I don’t know if I should bother.”
“Why?”
“I’m not really very good. I mean, singing in the car by myself is one thing. But, you know how you don’t really hear yourself like others do… I know how good the others are. I think I’m kidding myself about being okay. Maybe my mom is right…”
“Hey! Is this something you like to do?”
“Yeah.” I really did like to sing.
“Are you hurting anyone doing it?”
“Well, I’d be wasting their time.” I retorted.
He shook his head. “No, that’s not what I asked and that’s not an answer. They’ll be there anyway. Are you causing anyone any physical or emotional pain?”
“I might.” I said sourly. “What if I’m so bad that I traumatize everyone and make their ears bleed?”
“I don’t think that will happen.” He rolled his eyes.
“How do you know? You’ve never heard me sing.” Crap. As soon as it came out of my mouth, I regretted saying it. Usually, I’m really good at monitoring my words, after all I’ve had years of practice with my parents, family and people at school.
“And whose fault is that?” He grinned.
“Hmph.” I pouted. I couldn’t help it.
“Hey, I am more than willing to listen. Just let me know when.” He paused. “Unless you feel like you trust me less than when we started…”
No. That definitely wasn’t the case. I was surprised on how much I did trust him in such a short period of time. “Okay.”
“Okay? Okay what?” He looked at me curiously.
“I could use some feedback. But you need to be honest with me. If I suck, you have to tell me so I don’t make a fool out of myself at the audition.”
“Yeah, yeah. Of course.”
“Okay.” I took a deep breath. “After school? When we finish up this stuff.”
“Sure.”
“But…” I was still uneasy about something.
“But?” He eyed me quizzically.
“Ummm…” I didn’t know how to say it. “You’re the only audience I want. How do I sing without Mr. D hearing?”
He looked over to Mr. D, who was heading to the front of the room. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll take care of it.”
Somehow, I knew he would. How was beyond me. But if he said he would handle it, I could trust that he would. I wasn’t going to worry about it. Well, I was going to try not to.
At the end of class Mr. D announced the next project. “Alright, ladies and gentlemen…your next project will be to find physics in the world around you. You need to identify 3-4 examples of physics used in ‘real life’. You will then need to describe, in general, the concepts. Photos and/or video clips must be included, so we can see what you identified. To avoid duplication of locations, please register your place with me. First come, first serve. Work with your lab partners. It is due in two weeks. The details are in the handout.”
The bell rang and he gave each of us a handout as we left the classroom. I read over it, in my next class. Basically, we had to find places outside of school, like at the mall or at a restaurant, that used physics in their business. We had to go there, take pictures or video of it and explain the physics and diagram it. I knew that science was everywhere, so I didn’t think it would be hard to find something. But, I wanted the video to be interesting, so it had to be good.
* * *
I was in choir, we had just finished warming up, when the bell went off. Most students were excited. I wasn’t one of them. Ring. Ring. Ring. Great. It was the fire alarm. We had to evacuate. Mrs. Marshall seemed surprised, so it wasn’t a planned drill. But that didn’t mean that there was a fire. Still, I grabbed my bag and headed to the evacuation area—the soccer fields.
I really hated going down there. It wasn’t the walk, so much as 2000 students all going to the same place at the same time. It was very slow moving with bottlenecks where the gates were. I had someone immediately in front of me, on my right, left and behind me. I felt so claustrophobic. I couldn’t wait until I got to the open field, where there was more space between everyone.
I got to my classroom’s designated area and checked in with Mrs. Marshall. I had time to kill until they rang the ‘all clear’ bell and everyone could go back to class. Who knew how long that would take. I found a grassy spot nearby. I put my backpack on the grass and leaned up against the fence.
I wanted to try to get some work done, but I couldn’t concentrate. Instead, I stayed against the fence people watching. Most students wandered around the field, looking for their friends to hang out with them. Even the teachers did that. I could see my teachers talking with their teacher friends. I saw students playing cards in the grass or playing tag. It was the equivalent of recess for high school. 
Everyone was having fun. It all seemed so easy for them, but it escaped me. It was frustrating. Things that were hard for others came easy to me. Yet something that was so simple for everyone was impossible for me. Maybe some things were never meant to be.
“Hey, Liz.” The voice came out of nowhere.
I tried to take a fast step back, but didn’t move anywhere with the fence behind me. I slammed myself against it. It took me a second to register that Patrick was standing in front of me.
“Oww.” I rubbed the back of my head.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. Are you okay?” He reached out to touch my arm, but I moved it, so he couldn’t. His arm returned to his side.
“Yeah. I just didn’t see you.” How did I miss him? I had been constantly scanning everyone around me. It was as if he had some cloaking device and I didn’t notice him coming toward me.
“I walked straight at you. Everything alright? You didn’t seem… I don’t know…here.” He looked at me concerned.
“I was just thinking. My perpetual state of being. That’s all.” I tried to shake it off. That seemed to satisfy his concern. I realized he had to come up to me for a reason. “What’s up?”
“Did you get a chance to read Mr. D’s handout?”
I nodded.
“Well, I had an idea of what we could do. I think it would be fun and really cool.” His eyes lit up with excitement.
“Okay… What do you have in mind?” I hadn’t thought of anything concrete yet.
“We could go to the carnival. It’s in town starting next weekend. There are lots of things we could do there. I thought we could show some rides and games and do write-ups on them. You know?” He seemed be having so much fun just telling me about it.
“Actually, I’ve never been to one.” I was solemn.
“Really?” He was surprised.
“Yeah. Never had a reason to go.” I shrugged.
He could have said ‘Who needs a reason?’ or ‘Fun is the reason.’ In which case, I’d have to explain how I didn’t know how to have fun. He could have given me a hard time and made fun of me. But he was Patrick and he didn’t. Instead, he said, “Well, now you do.”
“Don’t you want to go with your girlfriend and have fun, instead of doing a class project there with me? What’s the catch?”
“Well, first of all, Becca doesn’t want to go. I promised my kid brother that I’d take him and she doesn’t want to spend her Saturday babysitting as she puts it. So, I guess there is sorta a catch. If you don’t mind Andy coming with us… We could have fun and get the project done at the same time.” He explained casually. It didn’t seem like a catch to me though. It seemed…nice.
“Well, I’d have to ask my folks.” At least I’d have about a week to work on them. If it was for a school project, I might stand a chance. I’d have to show them the assignment. Wait, next week, I think there was something my mom wrote on the kitchen calendar. Maybe they would be gone. That would make life easier.
“Earth to Liz.” He waved his hand in front of me.
“Oh, sorry. Umm… What time would you want to go?” I need as many details as possible to feed my parents.
“Around 2:00. Andy has piano lessons on Saturdays.”
“’Til?”
“I don’t know. Maybe around 8:00 or 9:00.” He suggested.
That long? That was late. It would definitely be dark then. Suddenly, I felt scared. “There’s… There’s that much to do for like five hours? I mean, doesn’t your brother have a bedtime? Wouldn’t it be too late for him to be out?” It definitely is for me.
“Oh, yeah. There’s lots to do! You’ll see. You’ll have fun. Don’t worry about Andy. The carnival is a treat, so he can stay up later than usual.” He was excited again.
Great. The kid probably has a better night life than me. Well, not probably. Definitely. “If you say so.” My voice was flat.
“Trust me.” He smiled.
“I guess we can let Mr. D know about our plan after school.” I said hesitantly.
“That’s what I was thinking. We can lock it in and if we have to change it, we can.” He seemed to understand that I had to clear it with my parents first.
The bell rang to signify that we could go back class. So much for choir class today, that period was shot. It was time for the claustrophobic walk back. I was stuck in a paradoxical loop. I didn’t want to stay and walk to class alone, but I didn’t want to walk in such a dense crowd. The thought of it unnerved me.
He started walking but stopped when he noticed I hadn’t moved. “You don’t look so good, Liz. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” I was planted against the fence. “I just don’t like walking up the hill with everyone so close together. I always wind up stepping on someone’s foot.” There was truth to that.
“No big deal. It’d still take us forever to get up there. So, we might as well wait and take our time until it isn’t so crowded.” He seemed fine with waiting with me.
When the majority of the crowd had made their way up the hill that connected the main campus to the athletic fields, we started walking to English class. He talked to me about the carnival and different things we could include in our project. Mr. Ludlow hadn’t started class yet since about a quarter of the class still hadn’t arrived back yet from the evacuation. 
As each class ended, getting me closer and closer to when I was supposed to sing for Patrick, I got more and more nervous. Why did I agree to it? What if Mr. D heard me? Wait, Patrick said he’d deal with Mr. D, so I’m not going to stress about that. There’s plenty of other things to stress about. What if he thinks I’m awful? I guess, better to find out now than later in front of strangers. That’s how I could rationalize this. I had to. Somehow, otherwise I’d talk myself out of it. But, for some reason, singing in front of a bunch of people seemed easier than in front of one. You didn’t have to look at anyone in particular if there were many of them. But if it was just one person…you had to look at them. Or at least, it was harder to fake looking at them. I felt sick.
* * *
After school, I headed to Mr. D’s room. I was nervous. Just like before, Patrick was already in there talking to Mr. D. I couldn’t hear what they were talking about. I wanted to turn around and leave. But there was the project we needed—okay, wanted—to finish up today.
“Hi, Mr. D.” I felt my voice shake.
“Hi, Liz. How was your day?” Mr. D was always polite.
“Okay.” I looked down and mumbled.
“Only, okay?”
Huh? That answer was always fine with my parents. It got them to leave me alone without offering any information that could get me yelled at or lectured to. It was a safe answer. He wanted more? Leave it to a teacher to want you to expand on your answer. “Well, I hate fire drills. So, that sucked.”
“You are the only student I know that hates fire drills. Hopefully, your day got better from there.”
“The fire drill wasn’t all bad.” Patrick interjected. “Was it?”
“No. It wasn’t.” I conceded. I looked up at Mr. D. “We talked about an idea he had for the Physics in the Real World project.” I glanced over to Patrick. “You told him, right?”
“No. I was waiting for you.” He sat on one of the table tops. “Go ahead.” He rolled his hand in the air, motioning for me to continue.
“No. It was your idea.” 
“No. I want you to. Only if it’s an idea you want to do. If not, then don’t worry about it. We’ll think of something else.”
“Will someone tell me?” Mr. D finally interrupted.
Patrick looked at me, waiting. I did want to do it, so I guess I was going to tell Mr. D. I shared the concept behind our project. Mr. D seemed intrigued and excited. We were the first to register our idea, so no one else would be allowed to use the carnival in their project. Now, I just had to get my parents to let me go.
We got to work on our lab. After a few minutes, Mr. D stood up from his desk. “I’ll be back in a few. I’ll be in the copy room if you need me. The door is locked, if you guys leave before I get back, just make sure the door is completely shut.”
“Okay. Thanks, Mr. D.” Patrick turned and waved at him. Mr. D left and shut the door behind him. 
My eyes widened. I couldn’t believe it. I didn’t think that a teacher would leave the room when there were students there. I knew Patrick said he would take care of it, since I didn’t want Mr. D to hear me. But, I guess, on some level, I thought it wouldn’t happen so I didn’t have to sing to begin with.
“I held up my end of the deal.” He looked at me. “But, if you don’t want to. It’s okay. I don’t want to make you do anything you don’t want to.”
I thought about it for a second. I was thankful he was giving me an out. But, I needed to get feedback. There was no one else who seemed remotely interested in doing it. There was no one I could ask or even trust a little. “No. I said I would. I need to. Want to.”
“You don’t sound sure.”
I grabbed my MP3 player out of my bag and stared at it. “Just nervous. Remember, you promised me you’d be honest. I need you to be honest. That’s the whole reason why I’m doing this.” 
“I would never lie to you. I’ve been working too hard for you to trust me to blow it like that.” That made sense.
I knew he had. And I appreciated it, more than he would ever know. “Uh…speakers? You think Mr. D would mind if we used his?”
“No, I don’t think it’d be a big deal.” He went to Mr. D’s computer and disconnected the speakers. He held out the speaker jack to me. I plugged it into my player and scrolled through to find my song.
I took a deep breath and exhaled. “You can tell me to stop whenever you want. I’ll understand. Okay?”
He rolled his eyes. “I won’t. But, okay.” 
There was no more stalling. I didn’t want to chance Mr. D coming back in the middle. I hit play and the song started. It filled the room. At first, I started singing softly, until I was able to forget what I was doing and get lost in the music. Once that happened, I sang at full volume. I pushed out of my mind that I was standing the middle of my physics classroom with an audience of one. I didn’t focus on anything specific. It was like the whole world was blurred in the background. The only thing in the foreground was the music. 
After the song ended, I focused on Patrick. I didn’t remember him asking me to stop. I unplugged my player from the speakers. He didn’t say anything. Suddenly, I was self-conscious again. This was a bad idea. I shouldn’t have talked myself into it.
I didn’t know how to read his reaction. It looked like he was thinking. “That bad, huh? That’s what I thought. Thanks for putting up with it. Sorry I wasted your time.” The words tumbled out in a whisper.
I turned away from him. I ran over to my backpack and shoved my stuff in it. I just wanted to get out of there as fast as possible.
“Wait. Liz! Don’t go. Stop!” He stepped in my path so I couldn’t go anywhere. “I thought you wanted to know what I think.”
“I already know.” I shook my head trying to get a grip on myself. My words rushed together. “There’s only one reason why you weren’t saying anything. I was awful and you were trying to think of something nice to say, but still be honest. Problem is…you couldn’t. You’re a nice guy and your parents told you that if you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all. It’s okay. It’s better for me to know now, than at the audition.”
He stared at me. It felt like his eyes were burning through me. I had to look away, so I stared at my feet.
“You really think that. Don’t you? You’re not one of those people that fish for compliments. You expect the worst. Wow.” He scratched his head. “Liz, sit down.”
I didn’t want to. I felt frozen. I wanted to melt into a puddle on the floor and disappear.
“Please?” His voice was soft. He pulled out a chair for me to sit in. I sat down on the chair. I slumped in the seat and stared at the table.
I braced myself for his comments. Just because I wanted constructive criticism didn’t mean that I liked it, especially when it was something so personal to me. “Go ahead.”
I heard him exhale before he started speaking. “You know, you were right about one thing. You don’t hear yourself like others do. You have an amazing voice. I’ve seen Les Miserables and you are so much better than the person that I saw on stage.”
Okay. Now I knew he had to be lying. Even more so, I couldn’t look at him now. I muttered, “You said you’d tell me the truth.”
“Look at me.” I couldn’t tell if his gentle voice was ordering me or pleading with me.
“Uh-uh.”
“If you did, you can see that I’m telling you the truth.”
Okay. It would be easier to know if he was telling the truth if I looked in his eyes. It’s always harder for people to lie to you when you looked them in the eye. Not impossible. But harder. The whole ‘eyes are the window to your soul thing’. He was only ever nice to me, so there shouldn’t be anything dark about his soul. It was still scary for me though. I steeled myself for whatever I saw. I lifted my head and looked in his eyes.
He spoke slowly and deliberately. “You have the most beautiful voice I’ve ever heard. Really. There is such, I don’t know… Love, heartache, emotion in it. It conveys so much. It’s amazing. You don’t give yourself nearly enough credit. You’re almost a different person when you sing. You have to audition.”
I didn’t know what to say. I wasn’t expecting to here that. He had to be telling me the truth. He never wavered from looking at me directly in the eyes. He seemed genuine in his comments. He had never given me any reason to doubt him before. But still…it was hard for me to process. I searched and searched my brain for something to say. The only thing that came to mind was, “Okay.”
“Okay? So you believe me? That you’re great?”
“I guess.” I shrugged my shoulders. 
“Who told you that you were bad? ‘Cause you’re not.” He insisted. 
“It doesn’t matter.” I muttered.
“Well, it seems to matter to you.” He pointed out.
“My mom.” I answered without any emotion.
“What? Like when you were a kid or something?” He couldn’t seem to believe it. Wait, it gets better.
I thought about it. “No. Well, probably. But she did just last week.”
I tried to push down the tears that I felt welling up in my eyes. I was fighting with myself to maintain control. I was not going to lose it at school, in Mr. D’s room, in front of him. I had always successfully drawn that line and I had to continue to do it.
“Normally, I say, listen to your parents. But, damn.” He shook his head in disgust. “This time…don’t. I don’t know them or anything, and they are your parents, but your mom is wrong. Really wrong about this. Trust me.”
I cleared my throat and nodded. “Okay.”
“So, you’ll do the audition?” 
“You really think I’m okay?”
“Yes! You’re great!” He seemed so sure.
I bit my inside cheek. I really wanted to believe him. I wanted to think that I was decent and wouldn’t look stupid trying out. I could take not getting the part, I just couldn’t take embarrassing myself. If I was okay, like Patrick said, then I could take the risk. I didn’t need the part for validation, but it would be nice. 
“So…will you?” He asked again.
“Okay. I’ll audition, but don’t tell anyone.” Please don’t tell anyone.
“Okay, but why?” He would never understand.
“I don’t need it somehow getting back to my folks.” That would not be good. I wouldn’t be able to take any negativity at this point. I was confused enough about it with Patrick and my mom saying contradicting things. I was choosing to believe Patrick, which would send my mom off the deep end.
“Fair enough.” I was glad he was letting it go at that and I didn’t have to explain further.
“We should get back to work on the lab before Mr. D gets back.” I got up and walked back over to where we were working. 
We were almost done with the lab when Mr. D returned. He apologized for being gone so long and asked if we had any problems with our lab. We worked out a couple issues we had and finished it up. Everything worked great. We were ready to film it on Monday. I was relieved to have that to cross off my list.



6. AUDITION

The weekend was like it usually is. Boring. I got my homework done, watched TV and DVDs. There was a family party on Sunday that I had to go to. I spent the party making small talk with aunties and uncles. It was the same conversation over and over again—How is school? What grade are you in now? Eat! Eat! Adults don’t know how to talk to kids, not that they really cared what I thought. When I was lucky enough to not be talking to them, I was reading. It was a book I had to read for English, so it was a good excuse to keep busy.
I knew I had to ask my parents about next weekend. After avoiding it all weekend, Sunday night I finally asked my mom. She gave me the evil eye and acted like I wanted to run off to Las Vegas with a guy to get married. I sat there letting her talk and talk. There was no point to argue with her, it would only make her mad and I wouldn’t be able to go. I just tried to tune her out. When she started sounding reasonable again, I reminded her it was for a class assignment, showed her the paper and reiterated that it wasn’t a date. Hell, his little brother was even going to be there. That Saturday was my cousin Kathleen’s birthday. The only way she would let me go to the carnival was to go to Kathleen’s immediately after. She also insisted that I didn’t drive. She wanted Patrick to drive, so she could meet him. Again, not that it was a date, but there would be no talking her out of it, if I wanted to go.
* * *
On Monday, Patrick brought in his video camera and we filmed the video portion of our lab. 
“Can you go to the carnival?” Patrick asked as he reset our project.
“Yeah...” Now I had to find some way to ask him if he would drive.
“Cool. You want a ride? I can pick you up.”
Well, that was easy. I guess I didn’t have to ask. “Sure, if you don’t mind.”
“I wouldn’t offer if I did.” He smiled.
* * *
I brought in my laptop during the week, so we could work on editing the video. I rehearsed every chance I got. Every minute I got the house to myself, I practiced. I practiced in my car to and from school. Auditions were at the end of the week. I was ready as I would ever be.
Before I knew it, the week was over. Friday after school, I went to the auditorium. Part of me wanted to go first, to get it over with and so no one could compare me against who I followed. Mrs. Marshall and two other teachers were on the judging panel. The auditorium itself was about a quarter full. Some of the students were there to audition, others were there to support their friends.
Mrs. Marshall posted the order of auditions. I was fourth. Two of the girls, Jackie and Grace, before me were great singers. They had private lessons and had been singing since elementary school. I really wished that I didn’t have to follow them. I sat in the back row center of the auditorium to wait for my turn. My heart pounded as I waited.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Patrick walk down my row toward me. I wasn’t expecting him to come. 
“Hey, Liz.”
“Hi. I see you’re working on accessorizing. Nice purse.” If I wasn’t so nervous, I would have laughed.
He held up the pink and brown plaid purse. “You think? I didn’t think it matched my shoes, but I like to live on the edge of fashion.” He laughed.
“Well, it does make a statement.”
“It’s Becca’s. She’s in the restroom.” He explained.
“What are you doing here? Don’t you have practice?”
“We have a game tonight. So, no practice. It’s at Pines Academy. You’re welcome to come…” His face lit up when he talked about the game.
I interrupted him. “Thanks. But I don’t think so. My folks won’t let me. They’re letting me go to tomorrow, so I’m not pushing my luck.”
“That’s what I figured. But I thought I’d ask.” He sounded a little disappointed. He quickly changed the subject. “Anyway…tomorrow. Andy and I will pick you up at around 2:00.”
“Okay. Did the directions I gave you make sense?” I hoped they did. I really suck at directions. Even to my own house. It wasn’t like I had a bunch of people coming over to hang out at my place, so the only time I had given directions out was to relatives. And I rarely did that.
“Yeah. But, just in case, I have GPS. So, I should be fine.”
Becca walked up to us. “Paddy, who’s the stray?”
Patrick turned to her and shook his head. “Becca, this is Liz.” He pointed to me. He looked at me. “Liz, Becca, my girlfriend.”
“Hi.” I suddenly felt microscopic and insignificant. She was tall, but then again just about anyone was taller than me, with long beautiful highlighted blond hair that was movie perfect. She carried this attitude like nothing bothered her. Clearly, she got what she wanted. The purse that Patrick held for her matched her outfit perfectly. I wore clothes. She wore outfits.
“Liz the lab partner?” She asked him.
“Yes.” Never thought that it was part of my name, but okay.
“Hi, Liz. Hope he doesn’t bore you with all that science stuff, like he does with me. Just do what I do, nod and let him do whatever and it’ll be painless.” She really believed that. I couldn’t believe it. She actually thought she was offering useful advice.
“Umm…” I looked at Patrick. What was I supposed to say to that?
“Becca, there are girls that like science. Liz does.” 
“Come on. Let’s go.” She was impatient. Or bored. I couldn’t tell.
“Go? I thought you wanted to watch the auditions.” He was puzzled.
“Well, yeah. But I want to sit with Grace.” She grabbed her purse from him and started to walk away. “Come on.”
He slowly stood up, looked at me and rolled his eyes. “I gotta go. Well, good luck.”
Becca turned back. “Good luck? Oh, Liz…you’re trying out?”
“Yeah, I am.” There was no reason to hide it, she would find out soon enough.
“Well, then…good luck. You’re gonna need it.” She was snide.
“Becca!” Patrick was shocked at her remark.
“What?! She does… If she thinks she’s better than Grace.” She didn’t seem to have the ability to be honest and polite at the same time. Maybe she didn’t care. She was snotty. I didn’t know her, but I already didn’t like her. I didn’t get a good feeling from her.
“How would you know?” He challenged.
“Paddy, let’s go already.” She took his hand and pulled him in her direction.
He whispered to me, “Ignore her.” 
Becca wrapped her arms around him as they walked to the front to sit with Grace. 
As expected, Jackie was amazing. She exuded confidence and poise. She knew she was good, everyone did. Her friends cheered as she hit the final notes of her song. The audience applauded loudly at the end. 
It went pretty much the same way with Grace. Her voice filled the auditorium. She looked like a natural on stage. She hit every note perfectly. The cheers and applause for her were just as loud as for Jackie. I saw Becca jump up enthusiastically and give Grace a hug once she got back to her seat.
I didn’t envy the teachers judging. I couldn’t pick between the two of them. Why did I think I could do this? Maybe Becca was right. At least I wasn’t immediately after them. I took solace in that. My stomach was doing cartwheels. My pulse raced. 
The next girl up was very nervous. She had a good voice, but definitely wasn’t trained like Grace and Jackie. The song she picked didn’t completely suit her voice, there were some notes she missed that were out of her range. I could tell that she tried her best and she was proud of that. Polite applause came from the audience. Her friends cheered and hugged her when she was done. As mean as it sounded, since she wasn’t really good, I had to sound better than her. Please, God, let me be better than her.
No one left after the other girls. Why would they? It was free entertainment for the afternoon. I wish they had. It would have been fewer people to do this in front of.
Mrs. Marshall called my name. I could hear my heart pounding in my chest and I had to remember to breathe. I thought I was going to be sick. I stood at center stage and waited for my music to start. As I looked down into the audience, I noticed Patrick and Becca in the front row. They were sitting with Grace and her friends. Becca rolled her eyes and whispered something to Grace, who laughed.
No, can’t let them distract me. I have to focus. In about four minutes, it will all be over. I took a deep cleansing breath just as “On My Own” from Les Miserables began to play.
The song was a blur to me. I don’t remember if I hit every note or if you could hear me at all. I just remember getting lost in the music. I blocked everything and everyone out and just sang. It felt good. I felt relaxed, until I realized where I was and who I was standing in front of. Then I got tense and self-conscious again. There was no loud cheering section of friends for me. That was fine, I could deal with that. But what was unnerving was the momentary silence afterwards. It was eerie. Those couple seconds of silence seemed to last forever. It made me wonder how bad I did, was I on-stage in my underwear or something? Was I so off-key? When I heard the clapping, I was so preoccupied with why there was delay that I couldn’t tell if it was genuine or polite. It seemed okay.
I looked at the clock on the wall and saw the time. I hurried off stage as quickly as I could without tripping. I grabbed my backpack and rushed out the door. I needed to get home. I was supposed to make dinner tonight.
“Hey, wait up!” A voice called out.
I stopped and turned around. Patrick had followed me out.
“You sure you don’t run track? ‘Cause you can be really fast when you want to be.” He teased.
“Sorry.”
“It’s okay.” He smiled. “Why’d you take off like that?”
“I need to get home.” I shrugged. I needed some affirmation that I didn’t look stupid. “I did okay, didn’t I?”
“What do you mean?” His voice was incredulous. “You were amazing.” His response seemed authentic.
“Yeah, right.” I scoffed.
“That’s why everyone was speechless. They didn’t see you coming. Didn’t you hear the applause?”
“Yeah, I did.” When I thought about it, it did sound more than polite applause. It was better than the girl I followed. “But I won’t hold my breath. Grace and Jackie were great. If I didn’t sound totally lame compared to them, then I’m happy.”
“Then you should be thrilled.” He was sweet.
“Thanks.” I forced a quarter-smile.
“Hey, I’m not just trying to be nice here. Truth, remember?” His brows scrunched together and raised, trying to remind me of his promise.
“I remember. Thank you.” I relaxed a little and gave him a more appreciative smile.
“No problem.” He beamed.
“I need to get home. I’ll see you tomorrow. 2:00, right?”
“Yeah. 2:00.” He nodded.
As I drove home, I felt pretty good about my audition. I did the best I could. No one laughed, they seemed impressed. I didn’t need to get the solo to feel good about myself. Doing well today and hearing their appreciation for it was validating. I’d be lying to myself if I didn’t admit that it would be nice to get it. If I strived for something, I wanted to be the best at it. Some things you still couldn’t win even if you studied and practiced every hour of every day. That didn’t mean you didn’t want it, but sometimes reality had to sink in so you didn’t get your hopes up. Still, maybe I had a shot.
My parents weren’t home yet, when I pulled into my usual spot in front of my house. There was a man with a clipboard talking to my next door neighbor. Great, he was one of those annoying salespeople or political activists. Either way, I didn’t want anything to do with him.
I quickly grabbed my backpack and hopped out of the car. I was a third of the way to the door when the salesman intercepted me. Great, he had to realize I was a teenager and wasn’t going to buy anything or hire his business to do home repair.
“Elizabeth Mariposa?” The man asked.
How the hell did he know my name? That’s one hell of a sales list. Maybe he did know I couldn’t buy anything. I took several steps backward nervously. “Yes.”
“I have a letter for you.” He pulled an envelope from his clipboard. “Here you go. Have a nice day.” Then he left.
I had completed some scholarship applications. Maybe it was from one of them. I went to my room and heard the garage door open. Crap. My mom was home and I hadn’t started dinner. She was going to wonder why and I wasn’t about to tell her about the audition. I tossed the letter on my desk and ran to the kitchen. I had to get dinner started.



7. CARNIVAL

It was Saturday afternoon. I finished my chores as quickly as possible and got ready for the carnival. My dad went to the store and my mom was working in her garden in the backyard. At 1:55pm, the doorbell rang. I looked through the peephole and saw Patrick and his little brother. I opened the door.
“Hi, Liz.”
“Hi, Patrick. Come in.” I stepped aside to let them enter.
They walked inside. “Liz, this is my brother Andy. Andy, this is my friend Liz.”
“Hi!” Andy extended his hand.
I shook his hand. “It’s nice to meet you Andy.”
He smiled. Andy was a cute little seven-year-old with short sandy brown hair. He looked like a miniature version of Patrick. He seemed like a happy little kid. When I was his age and in a stranger’s house, I couldn’t stand there and smile. It was like he was taking everything in as an adventure.
“Would you mind saying ‘hi’ to my mom?” I asked.
“No. Of course not.” I didn’t think he would mind, he was far too polite.
“Thanks.” I led them to the backyard.
“Mom?” I called out. 
“Yes, Elizabeth.” I heard her respond off to the side yard, near my room. 
I led them over to the side of the house. My mom was watering the plants. I loved the location of my room. I had some lavender azaleas and rhododendrons hanging near my window and there was night-blooming jasmine just across from it near the fence. In the day, I would see hummingbirds come by to drink nectar from the hanging plants. In the evening, if I left my window open just a crack, the scent of the jasmine would carry into my room. If I had a bad day, it would usually make me feel a little better. 
“Mom, Patrick and his brother are here.” I tried to keep my voice light but I could feel my heart starting to race in anxiety.
She turned to look at them, but kept watering. “Hello. Elizabeth, open your windows before you leave. I already watered those plants.” She pointed to the pots.
“Mom. This is Patrick and Andy.”
 “Good afternoon, Mrs. Mariposa, it’s a pleasure to meet you.” He reached out to shake her hand.
She switched the hose from her right hand to her left and shook his hand. “Nice to meet you. You’re driving?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He stood there smiling with his arm around Andy.
She stared at him. I had a sinking feeling in my stomach, I knew that look in her eyes. “I think it’s nice that you are taking your brother to the carnival.”
“Thank you.”
She addressed Andy. “Is he a good big brother?”
“Yes, he is.” Andy beamed. 
“Watches out for you?” She continued her interrogation. Good thing little kids were oblivious to such things.
“Yeah, all the time.” He proudly nodded. I could tell he adored Patrick.
She looked back at Patrick. “I trust you’ll watch out for Elizabeth like you do for your brother.”
And there it was. I was mortified. “Mom…”
Patrick simply answered, “Yes, ma’am.” Still polite and gentlemanly.
“Okay. Then you guys have fun.” That ended her interrogation of him. “Elizabeth, do you have enough money?”
“Yes, Mom.”
She reached into her pocket and handed me money. “Here.” She never listens to me, but when it comes to money, I’d gladly shut up and just take it. It was the least I deserved.
“Thanks.” I shoved the money into my pocket. “Bye.”
“Good-bye, Mrs. Mariposa. Don’t worry, Liz will be fine.” Patrick told her.
She nodded and turned back to tend to the plants. “Be at Leenie’s by 9:00pm. You need to at least make an appearance. Don’t forget to open your window. Let the air inside, or it will be stuffy in the house later.” 
We walked back through the house. I couldn’t believe my mom questioned a second grader about Patrick’s responsibility. Then, she essentially told Patrick that he had to look after me like a little kid. Well, I guess I really wasn’t surprised. It was what I was dreading would happen.
“I’ll be right back.” I ran to my bedroom and opened the window. I hurried back to Patrick and Andy in the family room. I picked up my bag and sweatshirt. “Sorry about that. My mom…”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s okay.” He smiled. His hand moved downward as if he was swatting the air. “Forget about it.”
“Easier said than done.” I whispered as I locked the door behind us.
We got to Patrick’s car. He opened the front passenger door for me and I got in and sat down. 
He started his car, “So, who’s ready for fun?” 
“I am!” Andy shouted from the back seat. It startled me. I wasn’t expecting such an enthusiastic response.
“What about you, Liz?” Andy asked.
“Huh? Oh, yeah. I’m ready.” I forced a smile. Fun. That which continues to elude me. Maybe the energetic seven-year-old in the back could teach me something.
“Now, Andy…Can you believe that Liz has never been to a carnival before?”
“Never?” Andy was so surprised. You’d think he’d just heard that I’d never tried chocolate.
“No, I haven’t.” I shook my head.
“So, it’ll be up to us to show her how much fun it is.” Patrick’s voice was filled with brotherly love.
“Do you think you’re up to it, Andy?” I challenged him.
“Oh yeah!” Andy was excited.
I wondered where his enthusiasm would take us first. “Okay, so what’s the first thing we should do when we get there?”
“Umm…” A mischievous grin appeared on Andy’s face. “The bumper cars!”
“How did I know you’d pick that?” Patrick teased him.
“’Cause it’s my favorite!”
“Then the bumper cars is our first stop.” I declared. It was hard to stay in my funk with Andy there. I would much rather get sucked into his vortex of excitement than my own created by my mom. Maybe he and Patrick would teach me how to have fun.
* * *
When we got to the carnival, I was surprised on how big it was. The rides seemed to stretch out forever. Despite the sunlight, I could still see the lights shining from the rides. I could just imagine how brightly they’d glow in the evening. The music came from all directions. It was amazing how the different songs didn’t clash but complemented each other. No matter which way you turned, you’d hear a different tune.
We found the ticket booth and got in line. I looked at the price list. There were different prices for ticket packages. I had no idea which one to get. How many tickets did we need for each ride? Did it vary? What if we had tickets left over? What was the best deal?
Patrick explained to me what the advantages were for each option. “I think we should get the ‘All You Can Ride’ wristband. That way, the first time we go on the ride for fun, the second time will be for our project. You need to experience it first.”
“Okay, if you say so. You’re the expert here.” 
We bought our wristbands and headed to the bumper cars. Andy was so excited. Once they slide open the gate and let us into the bumper car area, he took off running to a green and yellow car. Patrick and I chose cars near Andy’s. 
A buzzer sounded and music played. All of a sudden, cars started moving. Andy immediately drove toward his brother and rammed into him. Random people ran into me. I wasn’t very good at maneuvering the car into others. Andy kept following Patrick and bumping into him and anyone else in the path.
“Andy! Why do you keep hitting me? Why don’t you hit Liz?” Patrick called out.
“’Cause she’s a girl. You’re not supposed to hit girls.” Andy shouted back over the music.
“Hey!” I yelled as I bounced around in the car after Patrick hit me. “I’m a girl!”
“Bumper cars doesn’t count!" Patrick laughed.
I steered my car toward Patrick. Andy and I were able to hit Patrick at the same time. “That’s no fair! You’re ganging up on me!” Patrick shouted.
“That’s what you get for hitting me!” I laughed.
The music ended and buzzer sounded all too soon. It wasn’t fair. I was just getting the hang of it. 
Andy ran up to me and gave me a high five. He laughed, “That was fun! Squishing Patrick!”
I chuckled, “Yeah, it was. So, what’s next?”
“Patrick gets to pick next.” Andy informed me.
“No, it’s okay. Liz, you pick.” Patrick deferred to me. Andy was about to say something but Patrick stopped him. Patrick shook his head ever-so-slightly, but Andy saw.
“Hey, I don’t want to mess with any ritual you guys have. I’m just glad to tag along. Whatever you guys want to do is fine with me.” I didn’t want to rock the boat or come between anything they had.
“Patrick, I like her. She’s not like Becca.” His voice was full of the innocence that a little kid should have.
Huh? What was that supposed to mean? Good, I guess. I looked curiously at Patrick.
“No, she’s not.” He agreed and looked around. “So, it’s my choice, huh? Then, let’s do the Gravitron.”
I had no idea what that was. We waited in line for a spaceship looking ride. I couldn’t tell what it did, the whole ride was enclosed. I just saw the lights flashing around the outside, in a spinning pattern. What does this ride do?
The entrance to the ride was the door to the spaceship. It lowered down, like a drawbridge. Smoke spewed out of the bottom of the door and eerie space music played. The last group that rode exited. The operator let us board. The three of us walked up the ramp and entered inside.
I looked around inside and there didn’t seem to be much there. There were no seats. There were individual padded spots around the walls with a safety chain on each side. Patrick and Andy picked a spot against the wall. Andy leaned against the wall. 
Patrick helped Andy with the safety chain, then took the spot to the right of him. I was on the right side of Patrick.
“I don’t get it. What does this ride do?” I finally asked him.
He grinned coyly. “You’ll see. It’s one that I want to do for our project.” 
The operator walked inside, gave a couple of instructions, such as don’t get up and walk around, then left. The door closed and the outer space music played. The room got dark and the lights above our heads chased each other. The room was spinning. I felt my body get pushed against the wall. My arms felt heavy. I tried to lift them, but it was really hard to. Before I knew it, I was sliding up. The padding sat between two rails that allowed it to slide up. My feet no longer touched the ground. I looked over to my left and saw Patrick had slid up as well.
He turned to look at me. “Cool, huh?”
“Weird.” I answered. It was like some odd out of body experience. But, it was pretty cool.
When it was over, the pads slid back down and I could touch the floor again. It felt like I was re-inflating after being pressed against the wall. I stepped away from the wall and didn’t have my balance. I couldn’t walk straight. At least, I wasn’t the only one with the problem, Andy was wobbly as well. Patrick held onto Andy. I walked along the wall, holding onto it as a guide. As we walked outside, I had to hold onto the railing. I must have looked like I’m drunk. It took me a few minutes to regain my balance.
“So, Andy…what’s next?” I was ready for my next adventure.
“No, it’s your turn. You pick.” Andy told me.
“Hmm… I don’t know what to pick. What about the Ferris Wheel?” I suggested.
“Sure. Which one?” Patrick asked with a glint in his eye, like he was testing me or something.
“Which one? There’s more than one?” That was news to me.
“Yeah. There’s a stationary one, where the baskets swing in place. In the other one, the baskets are on a track that can swing around in its own loop.” Patrick pointed to the differences on the Ferris wheel.
“I don’t know. I’ve never been on either.” I looked at each one and couldn’t decide. I was willing to try either one, but I was a little scared. “Andy, which one do you want to do?”
“The moving one.” He answered and grabbed both me and Patrick’s hands and pulled us in the direction of the moving basket Ferris Wheel. Of course. This kid was fearless. Wish I was.
The ride on the Ferris Wheel was a good kind of scary. I laughed so hard. We watched people and made up stories for each of them. The basket swung back and forth. The three of us worked to get the basket to swing around its loop. When we got off the ride, my cheeks hurt from all the laughing.
It was Andy’s turn to pick again. He wanted to play some games. We walked over to the gaming area. There were so many different games. Each had their own kind of prize, mostly stuffed animals. The game attendants called out to each person who walked by, trying to get them to play. Andy stopped in front of one of the booths. It was a basketball game.
“This one.” He told Patrick.
“Okay.” Patrick took out his wallet and paid the attendant. “Go for it. Remember what I taught you.”
Andy nodded and bounced the ball on the ground. He looked up at the basket, which was smaller than the standard size, and shot the ball. It was a pretty good shot. It hit the side of the rim and bounced off to the right. He had two more tries and needed one to get a prize. He tried again and this time missed to the left. Patrick adjusted Andy’s position a little and gave him some suggestions. Andy shot his last ball. It bounced on the inside right edge of the hoop, rattled around and out.
“That was really good. You’re getting a lot better. You almost got it that time.” Patrick hugged his brother.
“Yeah?” Andy was proud to hear he was improving, the prize didn’t seem to matter as much as his brother’s praise. “Can we play again?”
“Sure.” Patrick indicated to the attendant that he wanted more basketballs and paid him. “Here you go.”
“No, I want you to. I want to see how you do it again.” He passed the ball to Patrick.
“Alright.” He picked up a ball, bounced it twice and shot it. It bounced around before falling in. 
Andy gave him a high five. “Cool!”
“Thanks. You want to try now?” He offered the ball to Andy.
“No. Two out of three you get the bigger one.”
“What makes you think I can sink another? Maybe that was just luck.”
“Because I’ve never seen you miss!”
“Gee, no pressure. Thanks.” He dribbled twice and shot the ball. This time it was nothing but net.
“See, told you!” Andy grinned.
“Okay,” he laughed. “Which stuffed animal do you want?”
Andy looked at the different stuffed animals that hung around the sides of the booth. His eyes landed on one and they lit up. “The giraffe.”
The attendant handed Andy a giraffe. Andy’s face lit up as he held onto it.
Patrick smiled and looked at his brother like they were sharing something special. “Nice choice! Now, do you want to try again?”
“Nah… I want to play a different game.”
“Liz, you want to try? Still got one shot left. Might as well use it…”
I quickly shook my head. “No, I can’t play basketball. I just watch, remember?”
“Well, this isn’t really playing basketball.” He insisted.
“You know what I mean…”
“Yeah, Liz. Try!” Andy encouraged me.
“You don’t understand. I might cause bodily harm.” I tried to talk them out of it.
“Come on, I don’t think so.” Patrick clearly didn’t get it. He whispered something to Andy.
“Please, Liz?” Andy gave me these big puppy dog eyes that I couldn’t resist.
“Okay, okay. Geez, you guys don’t play fair, do you? Tag teamed by the Connor brothers.” I put my hands out for the ball.
I held the ball with both hands and was ready to shoot when Patrick stopped me. “Wait! That’s not how you shoot the ball. Put one hand behind it and the other to the side.”
I tried to hold it like he said, but I couldn’t quite figure it out. “Like this?”
“Uhh…no. Here let me show you.” He put his hands out. I gave him the ball and he showed me what he meant. “See what I mean?”
I nodded and he handed the ball back to me. I mimicked what I saw him do. I looked at him for confirmation and he nodded. I wouldn’t dare dribble and hold the ball wrong again. I didn’t want to shoot an air ball. I closed my eyes and I pushed the ball away from me with as much force as I could with the hopes that it would get near the basket.
I heard the distinctive sound of a ball hitting flesh. I heard a shout of pain. I opened my eyes and saw the game attendant grabbing his face. Oops.
“I guess the laws of physics cease to exist when a basketball is in your hands.” Patrick looked at me with surprise.
I bit the inside of my cheek. “Sorry.”
The attendant gave me a piercing look. Andy burst out laughing. It was a good thing that Andy had already received his prize, or the attendant may not have given it. Patrick tried to quiet his brother down, but couldn’t. In fact, Patrick was having a hard time containing his own laughter. 
“Patrick!” I slapped him in the chest. “Stop. It isn’t funny.”
“Sorry.” He cleared this throat. He called out to the attendant, “You okay? Sorry about that.”
The attendant just glared at us and rubbed his face.
“I’m really sorry.” I told him. I don’t think he really cared. I started to get the case of the giggles. I couldn’t believe I caused one side of his face to get so red. I looked at Patrick, “Maybe we should go.”
“Yeah…good idea.” He grabbed Andy’s hand and we walked away as quickly as possible, then burst into laughter. 
“Didn’t I say…bodily harm?” I laughed.
“Oh, yeah! Remind me to never be in front of you when you have a ball in your hands.” He said as tears formed in his eyes.
I started laughing so hard that my sides starting hurting and my own tears streamed down my face. I had to gasp for air. It took some time for us to calm down. 
Andy looked at his giraffe, then up at me, “Liz, what’s your favorite animal?” 
“The penguin.” I didn’t have to think about it. I loved watching them waddle, then swimming with ease. It was like they were flying underwater. “Why?”
He held up his giraffe, “Raffy needs a friend.”
“He does. Doesn’t he?” Patrick commented playfully. “I guess we’ll have to keep our eyes open to see if we can find any friends for Raffy.”
“I know where we can find them! The frog toss had penguins!” Andy exclaimed and tugged Patrick in that direction.
Patrick stood still. “Wait. You got to pick the basketball game. Isn’t it my turn to pick?” 
Andy stopped pulling his arm and gave him an angelic look. “Oh yeah... I thought you forgot.”
“Trying to steal my turn, huh?”
“I’ll let you choose two in a row.” Andy begged.
Patrick stared at Andy and the corner of his mouth upturned. “Hmm… Or I could just take my turn now. Let’s see… I heard there’s a frog game around here somewhere.”
Andy smiled and pulled him in the direction of the game. “Come on, it’s over here!”
I followed them to the booth. Andy was right. The booth was filled with two sizes of penguins with various colors of bow ties. To win the prize, you had to launch the rubber toy frog and have it land on a lily pad. The circle of lily pads that it landed on determined the size. If it landed in the outer circle, you would win a small penguin. Landing it in the inner smaller circle would get you a larger one. You got three tries to win. Patrick paid the attendant and she handed him three frogs.
“I want to try.” Andy stepped up to the frog launcher. He put the frog on it and pushed down on the other end. The frog leaped into the air. One leg landed on the pad before it slid into the water. He tried again. This time it flew further, into the inner circle of pads. It landed upside down on a lily pad and stayed.
“Wow! Cool!” I gave Andy a hug.
“Way to go, Andy!” Patrick high fived him.
“Thanks!” He was grinning ear to ear. He was so proud. “What color should I get?”
Patrick shrugged, “I don’t know. Liz, what do you think? What’s your favorite color?”
I looked at the options. “I like purple. Get that one.”
The attendant handed Andy the large penguin with the lavender bow tie.
“We have one more frog to launch.” Andy reminded us.
“Liz?” Patrick tried to pull me in front of the launcher.
“Have you already forgotten about the basketball debacle?”
Andy and Patrick started laughing. “No…just keep your eyes open this time. Wait! Let me get my camera out. I’m going to record for our project.”
Great. He took his camera out of his backpack and started recording. It was a good idea, the game was a good example of physics at the carnival. But I didn’t want my try to be recorded. Oh, well. He motioned for me to start.
“Okay…” I couldn’t possibly do anything bad this time, since the frog sat on the launcher. Physics dictated that it could only go within a certain area.
Patrick called out to the attendant, snickering. “You may not want to stand too close to the pads…or Liz. It might be safer for you to stand on this side of the counter.”
The attendant took a few steps away from the target area. I placed the frog on the launching end of the lever. I looked at Patrick and Andy. I slapped down the other end of the launcher. The palm of my hand hit the right side of the lever causing it to move from its spot. I guess they weren’t secured to the counter. The frog flew off to the left and would have hit the attendant, if she didn’t heed Patrick’s warning. Oops.
We all started laughing. I managed to get out, “Sorry, good thing you listened to him and moved.”
Patrick stopped recording and shook his head, “Geez, you weren’t kidding when you said you were uncoordinated.”
Andy was getting a little hungry, so we headed to the food court. I was amazed at all the options. It wasn’t just hot dogs that you could buy. There were so many different foods on a stick. I guess handheld food was the ideal thing at a carnival. As we walked by each stand, I could distinctly smell what they had to offer. Some was sweet, some spicy, most were fried.
“Patrick, can I have a churro?” Andy asked as we passed a stand that sold them.
Patrick stopped and turned around. “Sure. Liz, you want one?”
“No, thanks.”
Patrick must have seen the giant question mark on my forehead. “Have you ever had one?”
“No. I don’t know what it is.”
“You don’t?! You have to try it! It’s so good!” Andy exclaimed.
Patrick nodded, “It really is. It’s fried dough with cinnamon and sugar. What’s not good about that? I’m going to get you one.”
“It’s okay. You don’t have to.”
“No, come on! If you don’t like it, Andy and I will eat it. Right, Andy?”
Andy nodded. Patrick went up to the stand and bought three churros. Andy immediately started eating his. He seemed to really be enjoying it. 
Patrick waited for me to start eating. “Well, are you going to try it?”
I looked hesitantly at the thing. “Well…”
“Just take a bite. If you don’t like it, don’t finish it. Come on, I thought you trusted me.”
I bit the inside of my cheek. I don’t know what I was afraid of, except that I had never been very adventurous in food. I did trust Patrick and if Andy liked it and he was a kid, how weird could it be? “Okay. Fine.”
I took a small bite of the churro. It was sweet. I could taste the cinnamon and sugar. It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was really good. I took another bite and another. 
Patrick laughed and nudged Andy. “So, I guess we won’t be getting more.”
I looked at them, “What?! Okay, you guys were right. Is that what you wanted to hear?”
“Yeah.” Andy giggled.
Patrick laughed. “Me too.”



8. ALONE

I couldn’t believe how much fun I had tonight! It was great! I never thought I would like laugh like that, what a rush. I still felt giddy thinking about it. Of course, it’s back to reality as we pulled up to my cousin’s house. As I got out of the car, I felt the grin plastered on my face. 
I turned and looked back into the window, “Thanks so much, guys. I had a great time.”
“I’m glad you came. It was fun watching you and Andy trying to walk after getting off the Gravitron.” Patrick smiled at the memory.
“Hey, centripetal force is killer! And I never said I could walk straight to begin with, let alone after being spun around 100 miles an hour.” I joked back. I turned my attention to Andy. “It’s not fair for him to expect us to walk right after being spun around like that, is it?”
Andy smiled and playfully punched Patrick, “No.”
“It was really nice meeting you Andy. I had fun.”
“I had lots of fun! Wanna go next weekend?”
“Yeah. Good idea, Andy. How ‘bout it? You up for next weekend?” He said hopefully.
“I’d really like to. I gotta check with my parents first. I’ll let you know.” I really hoped my folks would let me go. I needed to find a way to convince them.
They pulled away from the curb and just like that my crazy fun night was done. I tried to get a grip on myself, to wipe the stupid grin off my face. I mean, I could be happy, but I didn’t need my folks to get the wrong idea or ask too many questions. I wanted to keep this night to myself. If I didn’t have to share it with them, then I could hold on to my feelings and joy a little bit longer. The last thing I wanted was some third-degree that would pick apart my night and make me defensive about it. That’s how it always ended up. They’ll think something is up between me and Patrick. There wasn’t. But that’s not what they’ll think and then they’ll definitely not let me go with him and Andy next weekend.
When I got to the door, I could hear the laughter inside. They were having a good time. Good. Maybe they won’t bug me about my night and just go on having fun with theirs. I rang the doorbell. Nothing. Hmm, maybe it didn’t ring when I pushed it. I pushed the doorbell again. I know I heard it this time. I also heard all the laughter inside. I heard my name and then more laughter. They were laughing at me. They knew I was out here waiting for them to open the door and let me in and they weren’t doing anything about it, but laughing. I felt like I got slapped in the face, punched in the stomach and the ground beneath me give way all at the same time. They were laughing at me. I sat down on the stoop in front of the door trying to get a grip on myself. How did I go from the best night of my life to the worst?
What was I going to do? It was way too far to walk home from here. How would I explain that to my parents? But, why should I even care what I would say? They were the ones laughing at me and not letting me in. Still, I couldn’t help but fall into my pattern of defending my actions to my parents. I sat there for at least ten minutes debating what to do and finally realized there was only one thing I could do. So, I got up and tried to contain the tears that were welling up in my eyes. I still could hear the laughter inside the house and feeling very much like an outsider. An outsider to my family, where I knew I was different from them, but I never felt so isolated and alone from them as I did right now. I pushed the doorbell and heard it ring. At least this time, I heard a pause in some of the laughter. It seemed to take an eternity before the door opened to let me in.
* * *
When I got home that night, I was tired. I felt exhausted. The evening was a roller coaster in the ocean. I had the highest of highs at the carnival, laughing so carefree and not thinking about anything at all. It felt good not to think, like freedom. Then the coaster dropped into the depths of the ocean, suffocating me when I got to my cousin’s house and heard them laughing at me, knowing that I was outside and not letting me in. And here I was, yet again, thinking, worrying and feeling alone.
I didn’t want to be alone. But what could I do? I couldn’t sneak out, I didn’t have the guts for that. Besides, with my wonderful luck, I’d get caught or kidnapped or something. So, I did the only thing I could dare to do. I picked up the phone and called Patrick. If I got caught calling a guy this late at night, at least the punishment would be less severe than sneaking out. 
I called him hoping to get my mind off my family. I wanted to return to the me that I was when I was with him and his brother at the carnival. I tried to sound like myself when he answered, “Hi, Patrick. Thanks again for taking me to the carnival. Thank Andy again too.” Yeah, I don’t think I sounded convincing. My voice was too flat and dead.
“No problem. Anytime. We both had a lot of fun. He couldn’t believe that you’ve never been.” He sounded confused, he wasn’t expecting me to call him back tonight and the fact that it was so late. “Did they say ‘no’ to next weekend?” 
I felt the desolation in my voice. “I didn’t ask.” I was desperately trying to keep it together. I wanted to steer the conversation to happy, fun stuff but I couldn’t. I didn’t know how when I felt this awful.
“What’s wrong?” He sounded hesitant to ask, like he didn’t really want to know. Great, I was sounding like a freak to him too and was going to lose my link to normalness. Should I say what happened? Hell, if I was going to lose his friendship, I might as well speak my mind. I’ve lost my family, what is it to lose one more person?
“I don’t know…” My voice trailed off. I did know, but I didn’t know how to explain it. It was a cop out answer.
“Liz,” he said softly, “You do know that you can tell me anything.”
“Yeah?” I barely whispered. My heart was pounding and yet I felt frozen in time and space. “Well, you know how much fun I had tonight with you and Andy. And how much I needed it. You showed me how to have fun and I’m grateful. I really am. It’s just that, maybe I wasn’t meant to. Maybe I wasn’t meant to have fun and laugh and be carefree. Maybe my life wasn’t supposed to have that.”
“Of course it is.” He insisted.
“No, I don’t think so. As much as I want it to be, it’s not.” I felt like I was rambling.
“What happened when we dropped you off?”
I told him what happened, well tried to between holding back my tears—I couldn’t let my folks hear me. I wouldn’t give them the satisfaction nor did I want to explain myself to them. “I just don’t understand what they want from me. I get good grades, I stay out of trouble. I know I’m different from others, have different interests than them, but…I can’t…” My voice trailed off and I really didn’t know what else to say. I felt empty.
Patrick was silent for a moment, then his voice was gentle but intense. “Liz…you aren’t thinking about doing anything stupid, are you?”
His words surprised me. It was like he put words to what I was feeling and wanted to do, words to something that I didn’t want to admit to him or anyone else. I wanted to respond, but didn’t know how to. “Liz? Are you still there?” I guess I let the silence go on too long.
“Yeah.” I had this sick feeling in the pit of my stomach. It was like getting caught doing something and having to explain yourself. Or like having that uncomfortable conversation with your parents about boys—I’d only assume it would be worse for the ‘sex talk’ but my parents never subjected me to that one, we avoided the topic entirely. To me it meant that I knew the truth and didn’t want to speak it and wanted to avoid the conversation. But, it was clear that wasn’t going to happen. I could hang up, which would probably mean Patrick would show up at my door and freak my parents out, or worse, the police would come banging at the door. But, really, what did I care? They didn’t understand me or want me anyway.
“Liz, promise me you won’t do anything stupid.”
That feeling in the pit of my stomach and that the world around me was closing in was getting more intense. My voice was so distant when I finally mumbled. “I don’t know if I can.”
“Please?” He was begging me, and I wished I could say something that would make him feel better, give him the answer he wanted. But I couldn’t. I just couldn’t. I didn’t want to lie to him and his last memory of me be a lie. “Can you at least not do anything in the next five minutes? Please? Give me five minutes. Please, Liz, please.”
I felt raw. Empty. Defeated by life. I didn’t want to hurt Patrick, although I knew that was what was happening. That sick feeling in my stomach was intensifying again as I started to speak, “Ok. Five minutes. I can’t promise anything else.”
“Ok. Five minutes, you promised. I’m going to call you right back. Stay by the phone. Five minutes.” His voice was anxious and trembling.
“Ok.” I blinked away the tears that were forming in my eyes and hung up the phone.
While I waited for the phone to ring, I sat on my bed, staring at it. I set my cell phone to vibrate, at least I hoped I did. I didn’t want to chance that my parents might hear the phone ring. I needed to pick it up at the first hint of a ring, just in case I didn’t set it right. If I could do that, then my folks wouldn’t know I was on the phone at all. I thought, very seriously, about what I’d do, how I’d do it. I just wanted to sleep. I wasn’t scared thinking about it, but, I guess, that in and of itself was scary. Wow, how far gone was I that I was ready to do this? That it seemed logical. I kept thinking about it, after all, I was good at that, sometimes too good. And, all logic seemed to point to that direction. 
It was now past midnight and three minutes has passed since I hung up the phone. Patrick had two more minutes before I was released from that promise and I could continue to let my thoughts wander to wherever they led me. I didn’t think about what he might be doing, I didn’t care. I had other things to think about, but at the same time, my mind was numb.
This has been the longest three minutes of my life. My life. Hmmm. Another tick of the clock passed. One minute to go and I’d be free to welcome the path I’d chosen. The phone suddenly vibrated in my hand, I’d swear that I felt it move before it rang. I immediately picked up the phone, “Hello.” Dejection oozed from my voice, I could hear it. It was like I was already having some out of body experience.
“Liz,” I detected a slight relief in his voice and then it started to crack, “Thank you. Thanks for keeping your promise.”
“I said I would.”
“I was afraid that you wouldn’t. That you wouldn’t pick up and I didn’t know what I’d do if that happened. Sorry I was gone so long. I didn’t want to leave you, but…” He sighed nervously. “Can I ask you one more thing?”
“You can ask, but I can’t promise anything else.” Tears were starting to well up in my eyes as my voice broke.
“Don’t be mad at me. I…” He started.
“What the hell did you do?” My voice turned angry. If I had venom to spit, I would have. Not that it would have done any good through the phone. I paused briefly, trying to control my fury. Then, all of a sudden, like a balloon that had been filled too quickly, the outrage popped and I was left feeling flat. What did it matter, really, anyway? I guess I really couldn’t trust anyone. “I trusted you. I can’t believe you. I’m sorry I ever said anything to you. I’m going now.”
“Don’t hang up! Please! Liz!” He pleaded with me, but I couldn’t say anything. I felt betrayed. I didn’t think I could hurt anymore than I already did. I started to pull the phone away from my ear when I heard another voice on the line.
I froze. The voice was deeper than Patrick’s and I knew it well. Crap. I can’t believe Patrick. I should have known.
“Liz? Elizabeth?” The voice was calm but urgent. Crap.
“Liz. Please don’t hang up. Don’t hate me. I didn’t know what else to do. I had to call Mr. D.” Yeah, Patrick called our physics teacher. Patrick considered him a mentor and went to him with all sorts of stuff for help. Figures he’d call him. Doesn’t mean I’d like it. Crap. I hate three way or conference calling, whatever the hell it is. “You there? Please say something.” Patrick begged.
“What?” I said bitterly. I just wanted him to go away and leave me alone.
“Liz, I hope it’s okay that Patrick called me.”
Like I had a choice. I felt betrayed. “Patrick, I can’t believe you did this. It was personal.”
“I don’t really know what’s going on. All I know is that you are really upset and that he’s really afraid. Don’t be mad at him. I insisted that I was on the line when he called you back.” He paused. I don’t know if he was deciding on what to say next or to check if I hung up. “Can you tell me why you’re so upset?”
“No.” I didn’t feel like being the good student right now and answer the teacher’s questions. Why should I? I wasn’t in school.
“Okay. What about… Why is Patrick so scared? Can you explain why?” If he didn’t teach Physics, I would have thought he was asking questions for English class.
My head was spinning. I wanted it to stop. I wanted everything to stop. “I can’t do this. I can’t do this.” I was muttering and rocking myself back and forth.
“You can’t do what, Liz?”
“I can’t have this conversation.” I hid my face with my free hand as if I was trying to avoid looking at Mr. D. I could imagine him staring at me waiting for an answer. When I realized I was at home and not at school, I put my hand down and shook my head. I had to stop this, I couldn’t do this anymore.
“I only want to help. I want to help you and Patrick.” Every time he mentioned Patrick, a chill ran down through me.
“No. You want to fix things. It can’t be fixed. It’s broken. I can’t be fixed. It’s not worth the effort to fix me, I’m broken. ” 
“You don’t mean that. You are worth the effort. I think so. Patrick thinks so. I don’t believe that you don’t.” I wished he stopped speaking for Patrick. What the hell did he tell Mr. D? Part of me wondered where the hell Patrick was in this conversation, why he left me alone, cornered with a teacher (granted a teacher I really respected). Part of me was thankful that at least they weren’t double teaming me, then I would really feel cornered.
“I don’t. Why should I? My family obviously doesn’t think I’m worth it.”
“Forget about your family right now. What do you think?”
“That I’ve shattered into a million pieces and I just want to melt away and disappear. I’m tired… I’m tired of fighting and struggling and thinking and worrying. I feel like I’m stuck in some infinite loop, like a computer, and nothing works and the stupid thing just hangs. No matter what you try to do, what key combinations you push, the computer doesn’t work right. You just want to throw it out the window. There’s only one thing to do, pull the plug.” As soon as I said it, I knew I said too much, admitted too much. Whatever Patrick did or didn’t say to him, he had to know now why Patrick was scared. Or at least have it confirmed. Whatever.
“Most broken computers can be fixed.” It was like Mr. D was trying carefully to choose his words. “And throwing it out the window would be a waste of a good computer.”
Why was I bothering to argue with him? Never argue with a teacher, you’ll never win. Doesn’t matter if you are right or not, you’ll never win. It’s easier to just nod your head and pretend like you agree, that’s all they really want anyway. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes and gathered up whatever miniscule pieces of strength and politeness I had left. “Look, Mr. D, sorry for bothering you so late at night. I appreciate it. You really are a great teacher. But…I have to go now. Sorry for wasting your time.”
“No, Liz. It was never a waste.” His voice was no longer had that calm quality of a teacher. It turned nervous and tense. “Wait. Don’t hang up. Patrick?”
“I’m here.” He said softly. I had almost forgotten that Patrick was still on the line.
I took another deep breath, “Patrick, I’m sorry for dragging you through all this. You deserve a better friend than me. Thanks for tonight.”
“Can you do me one more thing?” Patrick asked.
“I already did. I talked to Mr. D.” I told him, and hung up the phone.



9. BROKEN

I sat on my bed, staring at the phone in my hands. Part of me felt bad for hanging up on them like that and part of me didn’t care. I felt like I was raw, like every hurt was on the surface. I wanted it to stop. I needed it to stop. I rolled over to my night stand and opened the drawer. I took my bottle of nighttime painkillers out of the drawer. I looked at the glass of water sitting on top. I opened the bottle and poured a bunch of pills into my hand when I thought I heard something. My head jerked up and I scanned my room. Nothing. Wait. I froze for a second and dropped everything. The bottle and pills fell to the floor. Holy crap. What the hell? 
“Ow.” Patrick had climbed through my window, clearly head first. He started to get up off the floor.
“Patrick! You scared me half to death!” I dropped to my knees and rushed to pick up the pills scattered around me. 
“Better half than all.” He said dryly. His eyes burned through me. Patrick stood in front me, grabbed my wrists and pulled me up. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“You know what I’m doing.” I wanted to look away, but I couldn’t. His eyes wouldn’t let me. 
“This?” He lifted my hand that was clutching pills I had recollected. Tears started to well up in my eyes, but I said nothing. “Why? Don’t you get what it means?”
“Means…” My head was spinning, swirling, pounding. It was like noise, horrible distorted noise filled my ears. I tried to concentrate on Patrick’s words. I knew I was losing it. I begged in a near whisper. “Means I can get some peace and quiet. What does it matter to you? Why won’t you leave me alone? Just leave me alone.” I tried to break away from his gaze and his grip. I could no longer see his face as tears streamed from my eyes. I tried to push him away, but he held on to me tighter.
“You don’t have to do this.”
I shook my head. “You don’t understand. I can’t live like this anymore.”
“I want to understand. Help me understand.”
“You don’t know me.”
“I know enough about you. You don’t need to do this. I don’t want you to do this.” He held both of my hands in his left hand and wrapped his right arm around me, pulling me closer to him. He whispered in my ear. “I’m not going to leave you alone. I’m not going anywhere. You can’t push me away.” 
I started to sob uncontrollably. I felt like I was shattering into a million bits and pieces, I couldn’t hold it together anymore. My knees buckled underneath me. Patrick held me next to him and sat us down on the floor. 
* * *
I don’t know how long we sat there. Time stood still and the world didn’t exist to me. I felt like I was in the middle of a giant black hole. The only reason why it didn’t consume everything was because Patrick had wrapped his arms around it. He held it and me together.
He rocked me back and forth in silence. I cried until I ran out of tears. My head hurt so badly. It was throbbing.
“I need water.” I mumbled as I slowly opened my hand. It didn’t feel like my hand, it was so cold and numb. I had clenched it so tightly the whole time that the pills and my hand were one.
He pulled back to look at me in the eyes but didn’t let go of me. “Liz…no.” He shook his head.
I blinked slowly at him. There were at least a dozen pills in my trembling hand. “Why are you here? I shouldn’t have called you. If I hadn’t called you…”
“But you did. I’m here because I care. I don’t want you to do this. Please, don’t do this.” He begged.
“I called you because I didn’t want you to feel like it was something you did or didn’t do tonight. I didn’t want you to feel guilty. Don’t worry, this isn’t on you. It has nothing to do with you.”
“It does. I’m your friend. I want to help. Let me help.” He put his hand over mine and I started to close it into a fist. He stopped me and extended my fingers out. He took the pills out of my hand and put them on the carpet out of my reach. “Please…tell me…why are you even considering this?”
“You’ll never understand.”
“I can try. At least let me try before you do anything that you can’t undo.”
I shook my head.
“Do you think that we’re so different? Or that I can’t…”
I cut him off, “No, you can’t. We are different. We may be in the same classes at the same school, but our lives are nothing alike. You don’t get it…”
“Why do you think I won’t understand?”
“Because everything comes so easy for you.” I snapped.
“School is easy for you.”
“Yeah, sort of. When I’m not at school, I’m studying. When I’m at school, I’m studying. I don’t have anything else to do… It’s not that it’s hard all the time, but it’s not like I’m some genius or anything…”
“And you think I don’t? I study a lot too, you know…”
“Yeah, but that’s not what school is all about…” I knew he wasn’t getting the point when he looked at me and waited for an explanation. “I told you, you wouldn’t understand.”
“I’m trying.”
“Classes, sports, friends, family… It’s all so easy for you. You’re good at everything. Everyone loves you, you’re friends with everyone. And…I’m so…not that.”
“That’s not true.”
“You’re just saying that. But it is. You think you know me, but you don’t. Think about it… I told you I can’t do sports. You’ve seen how uncoordinated I am. Have you seen me with anyone? You told me that I could bring friends to the game. Do you remember what I said?”
He thought about it for a second. “You asked about what time it would be over. You avoided the issue.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty good at that when it would show too much or hits a nerve. The truth is…I really didn’t have anyone to ask to come with me.” My voice was trembling again.
“I don’t believe that…you might not think of someone as your best friend…but you know people.”
“Yeah, I know people. But they are all classmates. We don’t even really talk in class. School, for me…is classes. I don’t have friends…”
He interrupted me, “You have me. I’m your friend.”
“You’re just saying that ‘cause you’re here.”
“If you remember, I called you my friend before now. That will not change after tonight. I will be your friend tomorrow, next week, next year…” His eyes started to get watery and his voice cracked, “Whether you’re here or not.”
“You’ll see that I’m not worth the time and energy.” I sighed. “I have.”
“I won’t ever believe that.” He shook his head. 
“Why? My parents, my family have.” I looked down at where he put the pills.
“What happened when I dropped you off?”
“Nothing. Everything. I don’t know… I can’t…” I closed my eyes tightly trying to block it out. It didn’t work.
“You can trust me…” He reassured me.
“Hmph.” I continued slowly. “I was so happy when you dropped me off. I never had so much fun in my life. I don’t remember the last time that I laughed or smiled so much. I had forgotten how to have fun…” My voice turned almost wistful. “It felt so good…like the world had opened up.” A little smile escaped my lips as I thought of the irony of it all.
“So what happened?”
I was somber. “They didn’t answer the door because I don’t belong. I don’t fit in. I know it. They know it. So, they didn’t let me in. They were laughing about it, about me standing outside in the cold. I was out there for a while, they laughed the whole time.”
“I’m sorry. It’s my fault.”
“What? No, it’s not. Not unless you were in on it, it wasn’t.”
“No. But I should have waited for you to go inside. I shouldn’t have just left you alone like that. I’m sorry.”
“Thanks. But it wasn’t your fault. Think of it this way… You gave me the best time of my life, you didn’t fail me. I just can’t take being an outsider to my family anymore. I can’t take being alone anymore. I just can’t deal with…” My voice trailed off. I still couldn’t say it. As much as I did trust him, there were still things I couldn’t share. I couldn’t admit to myself. “Things alone. I can’t go to my parents or anyone else in my family. You can’t understand what that’s like. You have a normal relationship with your family. Just by knowing you, then Andy, I can tell. The two of you are lucky. You have friends, family, each other for support. You’ll never be alone like me. ”
“What’s it like for you?”
How do I explain it? Can I explain it to him? “It’s like being in a packed school bus and knowing, hearing, seeing that everyone has someone. I hear all their conversations—the boring, the mundane stuff that I could care less about, but still want to be a part of it. And all I do is stare out the window, pretending that I’m doing something, like I don’t care. Like it doesn’t sting. That’s what it’s like everyday for me—in class, during passing periods, at lunch, at home. At the same time, it’s also like being on that bus with no one on it. I’m going some place where many people may be going, but I’m headed there by myself ‘cause everyone else found a better way to get there. They didn’t want to ride with me and there’s a deafening silence. The bus has no driver, so it’s swerves one way then another. I can scream or cry or beg or plead and no one is there to hear it.”
I looked at him. His face told me all I needed to know. He had never experienced what I described. I knew that.
“That’s…” He searched for something to finish his sentence with. His eyes filled with pity.
“Yeah…you have never felt that way in your life. Have you?”
He shook his head, “No. I never knew that anyone ever felt like that.”
“Well, now you do. Sometimes it’s so vast and tight that I can’t take it anymore.”
“But you have before…you can again. It won’t always be that way…”
My head was pounding. My mouth was dry. I rubbed my forehead.
“You okay?”
“My head is killing me.”
“Maybe we should get off the floor. You’re probably dehydrated.”
He stood up, grabbed the pills off the floor and shoved them in his pocket. He got me to my feet. I was so unsteady and lightheaded. Patrick helped me to my bed and I sat down. He got the glass of water on my nightstand.
He handed me the glass, “Here. Drink.”
The water felt good going down my throat. Of course I was dehydrated, I had been crying for who knows how long. I gasped for air through my mouth, which made my throat feel raw. 
“Thanks.” I scooted up and over on my bed, curled my legs to my chest and wrapped my arms around my legs.
He sat down on the other side of the bed. “Feeling any better?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know…”
“I guess that’s better than a ‘no’. So, that’s something.”
I suppose that’s true. “Geez, you always find the good in everything. Don’t you? Have you always been an optimist?”
“I try. I don’t like to believe that anything is hopeless.” He looked at me with all seriousness.
“Why? Did something happen?” I leaned back against the headboard.
“When I was kid, a little younger than Andy…” He sighed and ran his hand through his hair. “Lindsey was on a field trip and got hurt. It was bad. Really bad. They didn’t think she was going to make it. I remember being at the hospital a lot. Everyone was so sad and upset. It was like they had given up. I didn’t want… I couldn’t imagine my life without my big sister. I couldn’t stop hoping that she would get better. I had to. That was the only way I could be there for her and sit by her bed.”
“It was how you survived.”
“Yeah. When she woke up, I was so happy. I remember…she looked at me and smiled. I knew she was going to be okay.”
“That’s good. It’s nice to hear a happy ending.” 
“Anyway, ever since then, I choose to be an optimist. I believe things will work out, get better. I know they will. It will for you.”
I wish I could be as hopeful as him. But my life taught me that wasn’t going to happen. I’d been disappointed by my parents so many times, I’d lost count. I didn’t want to think about that right now. I wanted to focus on something else. 
I rubbed my forehead. I shifted my position so that I was partially lying down, with my knees bent toward the ceiling. I propped my head and shoulders up with my pillow.
“Head still hurt?”
“Yeah.”
He handed me the glass of water. “Here.”
I sipped the water. “Thanks.”
“You need rest.” His voice was gentle.
I got very anxious. “No. When I close my eyes to sleep, I just see and hear them laughing at me. No, I can’t live through that again….”
I realized it had to be really late, he must be tired and needed to get home. “But you can go ahead and go home…”
“I don’t want you to go through that again. I’m not going anywhere until I know that you’re going to be okay.” He reassured me.
“I don’t want you to get into any trouble.”
“Don’t worry about me.” He cracked a small hopeful smile. “As long as you don’t prove me wrong about being an optimist.”
“I’m trying…” I whispered.
“I know you are. I’m glad.” He squeezed my arm. “What can I do? You don’t want to go to sleep, so what do you want to talk about?”
I thought about it for a moment. “Tell me about your sister.”
“Lindsey? Okay.” He paused. I guess he was trying to think of what to say. “She’s great. Lindsey is three years older. I think I told you that she goes to Stanford.”
“Uh-huh.”
“I visit her a few times a year up there. She comes down here. We’re pretty close. She’s the smartest person I know. She was our school’s first finalist for the International Science and Engineering Fair. You wouldn’t know it from talking to her though. She’s low key about it. She was on the volleyball team, student council, debate team… She did it all.” He laughed. “If you looked up well-rounded in the dictionary, you’d find her picture.
“I remember when I was a kid and we went to Disneyland. I thought I was so grown up because I was tall enough to ride by myself on things. I was still kinda young, since I was tall for my age. Lindsey and I were in line for the Matterhorn. When we got to the front, the cast member asked how many in our party. We said, ‘One and one.’ I wanted to ride by myself, but wanted to be in the same bobsled with her.”
“Cast member? What or who is a cast member?” I was following his story up until that part.
“The people who work at Disneyland are cast members. That’s what they call them, because they are on stage and putting on a show. We, the customers, are called guests.”
“That’s kinda cool.”
“Yeah. They have this whole culture. So, the cast member, he tells us to line up together on for the same row. I was really bummed. Lindsey told me not to worry about it, next time I’d get to ride by myself. So we get on the ride and we put the seat belts on. I tug on it and I know it’s locked. The ride starts and I’m having so much fun. I’m in the front seat, sitting in front of my sister, so the wind is rushing over my face. I remember screaming and laughing as the bobsled dips and rushes by the abominable snowman.”
Then he paused as if he was reliving the moment. He shuddered a little. “There was this turn in the tracks, where it goes out of the mountain, then quickly back in. There’s a waterfall. I don’t know how, but I’m standing straight up in the ride… I could easily reach out and touch the waterfall. I’m screaming and Lindsey grabs me and yanks me down. She held onto me so tight for the rest of the ride. I was so scared, but Lindsey was there. She kept me safe, made sure I didn’t fly out of the ride. Huh… I didn’t want to ride by myself anymore after that. I didn’t care about being ‘grown up’. If that cast member had listened to us, I probably wouldn’t be here. I would have flown out and landed in Tomorrowland.”
“Wow. That’s crazy…and lucky.”
“Yeah. I try to believe everything happens for a reason.”
“In that case, it did.” I scratched my head. “I’m confused.”
He cocked his head to the left. “About what?”
“I thought Disneyland was supposed to be the ‘Happiest Place on Earth’. Why is there a scary abominable snowman there?”
A little laugh escaped him. “Sorry… Well, you got a good point. Ummm… I don’t know. He lives at the Matterhorn.”
“But what does the Matterhorn have to do with Mickey?” I asked naively.
“You’ve never been to Disneyland?”
“No.”
“How have you never been? We’re only like an hour away.”
I shrugged my shoulders and yawned, “Like my parents would take me as a kid. It’s definitely not their thing. It’s not exactly a place I’d want to go by myself. I’d have that alone feeling…intensified. Friends, families, couples there… I couldn’t take it.”
“Then you’ll have to come the next time the crew and I go.” He said it like it was already decided.
I closed my eyes and tried to imagine what that would be like. How would it be going to Disneyland with him and his friends? Would I fit in and be part of their crew? No, it’d probably be more like, I’m there with people but they’re all together and I’m an outsider tagging along. Hmmm... Still, I’d be at Disneyland and not completely, physically alone.
“Liz…” He whispered softly. “Are you asleep?”
I opened my eyes and saw him hovering over me. “No. I was just trying to imagine that… Going to Disneyland with you and your friends.”
“Try?” He was taken aback. “Like you wanted to but couldn’t?” He leaned back.
“Yeah.” I admitted.
“Huh. Okay. How about I tell you what it’d be like?” He thought for a second. “Close your eyes.” I did. “Picture this… We’d get to the park when it first opened. It’s you, me, Bobby, Emily, Jason, Cassie, Kraig and Tony. We enter the gates and there’s this big picture of Mickey made out of flowers. We stop and take a group picture together…the first of many that we’ll take throughout the day. We walk under the bridge and there’s Main Street. There are lots of little shops and it looks like a piece of small town Americana. In the distance, there’s the Castle. As we walk down Main Street, you’ll notice that the outside world doesn’t exist. You can’t see it at all. The air is even sweet. We get to the end of Main Street and the center of the park. We all strike a pose with a statue of Walt Disney and Mickey before going to our first ride in Adventureland…”
I could picture it all, just as he described. It was nice to think of a place where the outside world didn’t exist. Where I could just have fun, where even the air smelled different like fresh baked cookies. I could see us getting on rides together. I didn’t ride alone. I was one of them. Laughing, smiling, having fun with Patrick and his friends. Taking pictures and making wonderful high school memories at the ‘Happiest Place on Earth’... Disneyland.



10. NEVER FORGET

When I opened my eyes, I could see sunlight peering through the curtains. My eyelids felt swollen, heavy—a souvenir from last night. That’s what happens when I cry so deeply at night. I tried to remember what happened, why I was waking up at all. Then it all rushed back to me… Patrick. I quickly looked around my room and I was alone. He wasn’t there. Maybe I imagined it all in a desperate attempt to hang onto this miserable lonely life of mine.
My head was pulsating and I was parched. I turned my head to my nightstand and reached for my glass of water. I noticed it was empty. That was odd, I never finished my water. At most, I would drink half of it by morning. I started to sit up and saw a piece of notebook paper lying on the pillow next to me.
I picked up the paper. I recognized the handwriting. It was Patrick’s. He was here. I wasn’t imagining it. Good. I wasn’t losing my mind. That was reassuring.
Liz,
I hope you’re feeling a little better. 
Call me when you wake up. I don’t care what time it is, just PLEASE CALL ME.
You’re not alone anymore…
-Patrick
I couldn’t remember where I left my phone. I tried to think, but my head kept pounding. It could be anywhere in my room. I sat up and felt it right by my hand. Leave it to Patrick to find my phone and put it next to me, so I had no excuse to not call him.
I opened up my cell phone and scrolled to my last calls. He was my last call. I hit ‘dial’ when I saw his name. It rang once. 
“Morning.” There was a sigh of relief. “I’m glad you called. Did you sleep okay?”
“Yeah, I guess. I vaguely remember…Disneyland?”
“Good.” I could almost hear a smile in his voice. “You’re coming with us on our next trip there.”
I wasn’t going to make any promises about anything at this point. I just got through last night, somehow, with his help. Thinking about the future was too much for me to deal with. “I don’t know…we’ll see.”
He ignored my lack of commitment. “How are you feeling? Any better?”
“My head is killing me and my throat hurts.” I looked over to the glass on my nightstand, it was still empty.
“Go get some water. I’ll wait.”
“Okay. Hold on.” I put the phone down on my bed. I picked up the glass and checked the time, it was around nine. I wasn’t sure if my parents were still home. 
They went to church on Sundays. That was another bone of contention with my parents. They couldn’t understand why I didn’t have some compelling desire to go to church every week, or any week. It wasn’t that I didn’t believe in God, I just didn’t believe that I had to go to church every week to prove it. My parents finally gave up on me on this issue and stopped asking or telling me to go with them. After church, they ran errands, went golfing or had lunch. So, I had Sunday mornings and at least part of the afternoon to myself.
Still, I didn’t know if they had left yet. Just in case, I shook my hair out, to make sure it was as messy as possible and had it cover my face, especially my eyes. I didn’t want them to catch a glimpse of my exhausted face and swollen eyes. I went to the bathroom to get water. I didn’t hear any noise in the house. They must have left early for breakfast.
I put my glass under the tap and turned on the water. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked like crap. Actually, worse than that. Even if I didn’t shake out my hair to hide my face, it was still a crazy mess. It was a good thing to hide my face, in case my folks were home, because I could see all the veins in my eyes and my eyelids were all puffy. My face was tear-stained. It was blatantly obvious that I had spent time crying. After my glass was filled, I took a long drink. I drank half the glass and refilled it. I washed my face, hoping that the water would remove the dried tears on my cheeks and refresh my eyes. It helped a little.
My head was still hurting. It was like a sledgehammer was going off in my brain. I needed to get it to stop. Drinking water wasn’t curing it fast enough. I looked through the medicine cabinet trying to find some aspirin or something. Funny, I would have sworn there was some in there, but I couldn’t find it. I guess, I’ll have to try to tolerate it for now.
I got back to my bedroom and picked up my cell phone. “Back.”
 “Feeling any better?”
“No, well…my throat doesn’t feel like sand paper anymore. But my head… Agh.”
“Drink more water.”
“I don’t think that water will fix my head fast enough.”
“Just drink more water. You’ll feel better soon.” He held his position.
I continued, “I would have sworn there was Tylenol in the medicine cabinet, but I couldn’t find it.” I looked over to my nightstand. My bottle of night time pills weren’t there. Was my head hurting so much that I wasn’t seeing straight?
“Yeah…” He cleared his throat. “I have them.”
“Huh? Why…” I was confused. Why would he do that? What right did he have to go through my house and take stuff?
“I needed to make sure that you didn’t try to take anything.” There was no apology in his voice.
What was I supposed to say to that? Whatever anger I had toward him going through my things disappeared. I was touched that he cared and knew me. I might have been tempted to take more than the recommended dose. It was probably best that he took away all temptation.
“Liz…you still there?” He was hesitant and scared.
“Yeah.” I wanted to change the subject. I needed to do something today. I knew that staying at home by myself wasn’t the best idea. He had pulled me back from the precipice, but I was still on that cliff. I needed to throw myself into my work, keep my mind occupied. “Umm… Do you think we could work on our project today? Maybe edit the video?”
Maybe I should have asked if he was free first. I didn’t mean to put him on the spot.
But he didn’t hesitate to answer. He even seemed happy at the offer. “Sure. I can be there in a few.”
“Well, I still need to take a shower…” I had just woken up a few minutes ago. I needed time to clean myself up and change.
“No problem. 30 minutes? Is that good?”
“Uhh.. okay.” I don’t think he wanted me to be alone. Neither did I.
* * *
The hot water from the shower made the blood rush to my skin. It felt good to feel the water pelting me. I went over what happened last night. I started to feel anxious again. I didn’t want to feel this way. It was like I was drowning. I tried to push those thoughts out of my head and think about the carnival and our project.
I walked out of the bathroom and thought I heard the doorbell. I threw my dirty clothes in the hamper, grabbed my cell phone and went to the front door. There was no one there. I peered through the living room curtains and saw Patrick’s car out front. Just then, my cell phone rang. It was him. He must have seen me through the curtains because he got out of his car and the phone stopped ringing.
We got to work in the family room. He had his laptop and I brought mine from my room. I put in a DVD for background noise while we worked. I desperately tried to avoid any conversation that had to do with last night. I kept focused on our project and played the good hostess. I put out a bowl of snacks on the coffee table. At noon, I fixed lunch, even though I wasn’t hungry.
We finished a lot of work that morning and afternoon. Thankfully, Patrick didn’t bring up last night. I think he was hoping I was past all that and bringing it up might make me reconsider it. 
Around 3:00pm, my phone rang. It was my mom. They had run into some friends at the golf course and were going catch up with them. She didn’t expect that they would be home for dinner, so I didn’t have to worry about cooking. I was glad that I didn’t have to think about them coming home and explaining why Patrick was there. It wouldn’t matter that we were doing schoolwork. I’d still get my head chewed off. I was not in the mood for that.
“Now, you don’t have an excuse to not go to the movies since you’re no longer on dinner duty.” Patrick flashed me a smile and tried to coax me to change my mind.
That was true. He had asked me earlier if I wanted to go with him and the crew to a movie this afternoon, but I used making dinner as an excuse. All my homework was done. We were as done as we could be at this point for our project. I didn’t have to practice since the auditions were over. Damn, I didn’t have any excuse—a real one at least. The question was, did I want to have the house to myself and be alone or go with him and his friends to watch a movie. At a movie, I’d be with people, but didn’t have to worry about making conversation or fitting in. 
Part of me wanted to go, but part of me didn’t. What was the point? I didn’t belong. They all had a history together. I would be the outsider, easily expendable and forgotten, never really included. Like always. Why go through all that rejection and heartache? I should just save myself the trouble.
“Liz…” His soft voice snapped me out of my daze. “Look at me.”
I looked at him and saw the look of concern in his eyes. The topic that we had so carefully danced around the whole day was going to come up. I felt weak and vulnerable, like I was teetering on that edge again.
“About last night…” He waited to see my reaction. My face fell and my shoulders slumped even further. 
I turned away and started to get up from the couch. “Yeah. Thanks for being there and coming over and everything… But, you don’t have to…”
He grabbed my wrist and felt my blood run hot. Instinctively, I recoiled and he let go. “Sorry. I’m sorry. Look, I don’t want you to ever feel like killing yourself is a solution. It isn’t. You don’t have to be alone.”
I really didn’t want to talk about this. I grabbed an empty bowl of chips off the coffee table and rushed to the kitchen. “Can’t you just forget it happened?”
He followed a few steps behind me. He shook his head and looked at me like I was crazy for suggesting it. “No. Never.” 
“Please?” I begged.
“I can’t. You don’t get it, do you? The last time I was that scared was when Lindsey was in the hospital.”
That cut to the heart of me. I didn’t realize that it affected him that way. I vaguely remembered Mr. D saying that Patrick was scared, but I thought he was exaggerating. I had no idea it was genuine.
He continued, “Besides…I don’t want to. I don’t want to take you for granted.”
“I don’t want you to feel obligated to be my friend because of last night. I appreciate that you were there and all the trouble you went through to…. talk me down. But I don’t want you to feel that you have to stick around. I don’t want your pity.”
His jaw seemed to drop and he looked like I kicked him in the gut. “Is that what you think? That I’m here ‘cause of pity? That that’s the only way someone would be friends with you? Seriously?”
I bit the inside of my cheek and shrugged. “Well, isn’t it?”
“No!” He was so emphatic that it surprised me. I really offended him. “I wanted to be your friend before last night. I was your friend before I stopped you from committing suicide!” 
I cringed at the word. Somehow I didn’t think of it as suicide, but more like euthanasia. Although that was just a semantic thing and an excuse to make it more palatable for myself, I knew what it was and so did he. He just had the courage to call it what it was.
“I will be your friend after. I told you…. You can’t push me away. I am your friend…whether you let me be or not. I would miss you if you were gone. If you think no one would, you’d be wrong. I can’t speak for anyone else, especially your family, but I would.”
I was sure he would want to run screaming in the other direction to get away from me, once he saw how screwed up I was. But he didn’t. It seemed to make him want to stay. He was the first person in my life that didn’t pull away, keep their distance and leave me alone. 
“You don’t have to be alone anymore. Unless you really want to, in which case…you’ll have to work to avoid me. But, I would like you to meet me half way.”
“What does that mean?” I was suspicious.
“I’ll be your friend—unconditionally. No matter what. But you can repay me by being my friend.”
“And? What’s the catch?” There had to be more.
“No catch. But being a friend includes going out and doing stuff with me and the crew.” He said simply.
I made a face showing my aversion to going out. “I don’t know. What if…”
“Stop talking yourself out of it. Why do you do that?” He threw his hands up in frustration.
“I don’t want to waste anybody’s time.” Wasn’t that obvious? It was to me.
“That’s your mom talking.” He pointed out. “No excuses…the truth.”
Hmph. He’d seen me at my lowest point. He deserved the truth. Patrick was, after all, my friend. “So, I don’t get hurt. I can’t take getting burned, so it’s a hell of a lot easier to not chance it.”
“But if you don’t take a chance, you may not lose, but you’ll never gain either.”
“That’s probably true. But I can’t trust my instincts. It’s failed me…big time before. I don’t trust myself on things like this.’
He became empathetic. “Okay, well, you trust me. Right?”
I nodded, “Yeah, I do.”
“So, trust me when I say that Bobby, Jason and the crew won’t hurt you. They’re cool. You’ll see. But you need to give them a chance.”
I thought about what he said. After all he’d seen about me, he had to know how vulnerable I was. How the littlest thing could cause me to react. I had trusted him so far and he hadn’t turned on me. In fact, he had always been supportive, kind and friendly. He looked out for me and, well, protected me from myself. I looked up at him and a small smile was forming on his face. I think he knew he was getting through to me, getting me to switch my way of thinking, at least with regards to his crew.
His swagger and laugh returned. “Besides, I saved your life. So, I own you now.”
“Own me?” I laughed sarcastically. “And what exactly does that mean?”
“Well, okay. What it really means is that I’m responsible for you.” Then his tone changed to something more serious and thoughtful. “To make sure you don’t get in trouble…that you don’t get lost again.”
It was like he was my guardian angel or something. It was a nice sentiment. I wanted to believe it.
He cleared his throat, trying to switch back to a happier tone of voice. “So, cut me a break and come to the movies with me and the crew.” Then he seemed to think of a new argument in his favor. “Besides, Emily already invited you.”
“Huh?” I was confused. What? When? 
“After the basketball game the other day. Remember?”
I sighed and rolled my eyes. I had run out of excuses. He appealed to my logical side. I was letting him talk me into going. I hope I wasn’t going to regret it. Finally, I surrendered, “Okay.”



11. INCLUDED

He called up Bobby to ask him what time everyone was meeting for the movie. Patrick let him know that I’d be coming along. He told me that Emily was happy about that. Everyone was meeting up in front of the movie theater. Even Becca was meeting Patrick there. She was hanging out with a couple of her friends getting manicures or something at the mall.
We met in front of the movie theater. Tony, Kraig, Bobby and Emily were already there and had their tickets. Patrick bought three tickets for himself, Becca and me. He insisted on paying for mine, saying it was his treat. Within the next ten minutes or so, everyone else had arrived—Jason, Cassie and Becca with her friends. Becca was the last to arrive. It was like she waited to make an entrance—throwing her arms around Patrick talking about how much she missed him. She even pouted until he kissed her and reminded her that she had made plans with her friends and probably didn’t think of him at all.
His friends were really nice to me. They included me in their conversations, asked me some questions, made me feel welcome. He was right…again. We all chatted while they got their popcorn, candy and drinks. The smell of freshly made popcorn was intoxicating, that even though some of them said they weren’t going to get any, they did. The crew let me choose the seats. So, I picked the back row, it was completely empty and had enough room for everyone.
I sat between Patrick and Emily. Becca and her two friends were on his other side. Patrick flawlessly alternated between talking with Becca and Emily and I. I think he did that to make sure that I was okay. I also got the impression that he wasn’t really interested in the conversation Becca was having with her friends, but being the nice guy that he is and that he liked Becca, he went along with it.
I learned more about their group. There wasn’t a particular leader of their crew, but it did seem like Jason and Patrick were more of the ringleaders. Well, they were the more outspoken guys. But Bobby and Patrick had been friends the longest. They met in kindergarten. I could only imagine what it would be like to have a friend for that long. The three of them had gone to a basketball camp in elementary school and have been inseparable ever since.
Patrick was in a combination fifth and sixth grade class for gifted students. That’s when he met Kraig—he was in sixth grade, Patrick was in fifth. That same year, Tony and Bobby were in the same class. They all played on the same soccer team as kids. But when Kraig injured his knee badly, he had to quit sports. The rest of the guys didn’t want to play soccer without him, so they stopped, but found other sports to play.
Emily and Patrick had 7th grade English together. They hit it off right away and she quickly became part of the crew. It wasn’t until freshman year that she and Bobby became a couple. The way she described it, she always had a little crush on him, but was afraid to do anything about it. Then they went on a field trip for history class, spent the whole day together and the next thing she knew they were holding hands on the bus ride back. 
Cassie had been Emily’s best friend since second grade. But, she had moved to San Jose for a few years during junior high. I could easily relate to that. They had kept in touch and remained best friends, spending part of their summers at each other’s homes. Cassie had met the crew during one of her visits back here. She and Jason immediately hit it off, but since Cassie lived in a different city, it remained a summer crush. Cassie moved back the middle of freshman year and she and Jason have been together since.
The movie was good. It would have been a movie that I would have bought. That’s why I had a big DVD collection. I hadn’t gone to the movies in months, but I still saw a lot of them. I had forgotten what a difference it was to watch a movie on the big screen.
Patrick gave both Becca and I a ride home. I sat in the backseat. Patrick tried real hard to include me in the conversation, sometimes succeeding, when Becca had nothing to contribute—so it was mostly about physics or math class. When Becca spoke, it was clear that she was addressing Patrick, but that didn’t bother me. She was like that no matter who he was with, even the guys in the crew. It didn’t matter if he was talking to Cassie, Emily, Bobby, Jason, Tony or Kraig. She had to be the center of attention.
On the ride home, Patrick whispered something to Becca. I think he said, “Please talk to her, she’s my friend…. And be nice.”
Becca suddenly turned around to face me and spoke in a bubbly voice, like she was trying hard to be nice. “So, Liz…you have a decent voice.”
“Thanks.” I was shocked that she picked that to be nice about.
“If Grace and Jackie weren’t there, you might have a shot at the solo.” She was so matter-of-fact about it. She spoke the truth.
“Becca!” Patrick exclaimed. He didn’t like what she said.
“What?” She looked innocently at Patrick then me. “I meant that as a compliment! Really, Liz, I did.”
“I know. It’s okay. They are really good. Either one of them would be a great soloist.” I believed that she was trying to be nice, in her own way. I had forgotten that she was at the auditions until she brought it up. As much as I would like to have the solo, I tried to keep my hope in check. So, I wouldn’t get crushed when the inevitable happened—that Grace or Jackie was announced as the female soloist. 
Like many things in life, timing often affected the outcome. Good fortune and success both required hard work, luck and timing. You could have the best idea and work hard to make it happen, but if the timing isn’t right, success won’t happen. Sometimes, I think that I’m either before my time or I should have been born in an earlier generation. Timing sometimes is just a difference of days, hours or minutes. Either way, my timing was always off.
When I got home, my parents still weren’t there. I got my stuff together for school the next day and went to my room. When they did get home, my mom came into my room and checked up on me. She gave me the third degree about my day. I told her I did homework. I didn’t tell her about Patrick or that I went to the movies, what would be the point? She’d only give me the third degree and make me feel like I was a criminal for going. Many things were left better unsaid. It at least saved me the grief.
* * *
I drove to school the next morning not looking forward to the day at all. I tried to focus as my car was on the overpasses, careful not to drive off of it. It would be so easy. It would be quick. The ground had to be at least 20 feet below. I could make it all stop now if I didn’t turn the wheel at all, if I kept my foot on the gas. It could look like an accident. But, Patrick would probably figure it out. I tightened my jaw and I steered my car and tapped its brake properly along the curve.
I dreaded walking into Mr. D’s classroom the next morning. I didn’t know what to say or how to act in front of him now. I wanted to ditch class and not deal with it at all. But there were a few problems to that—1. Where would I go? It wasn’t like I had any place to go. Driving around all day didn’t seem like the wise thing to do, given my current frame of mind. 2. I’d likely get caught in the attempt, which would make problem 1 pointless. 3. Mr. D would probably think the worst. Although, I was pretty sure that Patrick would have talked to him already. He would still probably freak out thinking that I killed myself Sunday night instead of Saturday. And lastly, number 4, Patrick would probably freak out too, thinking the same thing. I didn’t want to happen.
No. I had to go to physics, to school. That much I knew. This is why I didn’t like people knowing my business! I didn’t know how to act. Now, I definitely wasn’t invisible. I was really self-conscious. What did they expect from me? What version of me did they need to see? I didn’t have it in me to be perky, that was never me anyway. Did I have it in me to be…well, normal? Normal for me, at least? I wasn’t certain. It took so much just to hold myself together and get through getting up. I didn’t know if I had the energy for it. I felt like I barely had the control to steer the car correctly on the curves.
I sat in my parked car in the school lot. I tried to muster the power to get out and go to class. Maybe I could just recline the seat back and lie there, hiding. I contemplated my options, or lack thereof, trying to talk myself into moving. I banged my head against the back of the headrest when my cell phone rang. Who the heck would be calling me at…7:15 in the morning? It was 7:15?! The first bell was going to ring in five minutes. 
First period would start at 7:25. I didn’t remember the last time I wasn’t already on campus by this time, I guess I had been sitting my car for over 20 minutes and didn’t realize it. Now, that’s procrastination.
My phone rang again. It still startled me. I looked at the caller ID and it was Patrick. 
“Hi.” I answered. I was so exhausted even though the day had just begun.
“Liz? You okay?” He sounded worried.
Okay is a relative term. Okay, compared to… Being in class? Auditions on Friday? The carnival? After the carnival? Yesterday?
“Liz? Where are you?” There was urgency and anxiety in his voice. I guess I waited to long to answer.
“Sorry.” My feeble attempt of an apology. “In the parking lot.” I exhaled deeply.
“You sound…” He started to say, but seemed to change his mind. “Are you okay?” He asked again.
I tried to dodge the question. “I didn’t realize I was running late.” I had to go to class or Patrick was libel to ditch class himself to make sure I was okay. Or worse… Mr. D would notify the school or my parents. Agh. No, that can’t happen. “I’ll be right there.” I took a deep breath and headed to class.
This didn’t mean that I was ready to face Mr. D or knew what I was going to do. It only meant I couldn’t not go to class. The alternative was worse. 
I felt my pace slow even further as I walked deeper onto campus. My temples started to throb. I pulled my hair out of the pony tail that it was in. I felt a little better, releasing the tension of my hair. I ran my hands through my hair, letting it fall over my face. The first bell had rung and my pace didn’t change. I approached the 300 building, which housed the science classrooms and was even more afraid to go to class. Well, afraid to face Mr. D.
And there he was. Standing at the classroom door. Great. Mr. D had to pick today to stand at the door and say hi, a ritual he did at least once a week, sometimes more. He said it was his way to say hi and chat a little with all his students. Perfect. I should have known he’d do this today—after I hung up on him. There was no avoiding him. Maybe this was my subconscious reason for stalling in the car. The closer it came to the bell ringing, the less time he’d have to just chat.
I reached the door. “Good morning, Liz.” He greeted me as he did all the other times before, but there was something searching in his eyes. 
I couldn’t look at him anymore. I stared at the ground and mumbled. “Morning.”
“Wait.” He rushed to say. I paused a moment. I couldn’t help it. Respect for elders was an automatic response for me. “How are you doing?” I knew he was asking me more than the question usually meant.
I froze, shoulders slumped and aching to get to my seat and have this day over. “I’m here.” I whispered.
“I’m glad.” He sounded so sincere. He wasn’t just saying it to be nice. I allowed my eyes to glance up at him without moving my head. I saw him smiling softly as if to say things would get better.
Usually, science class sped by, today it crawled. Even though I could hear Mr. D helping other groups around the classroom, I felt his eyes burning into the back of my head. Between worrying about Mr. D watching me, my head swirling and still not exactly being in the best of places, mentally, I wasn’t much of a lab partner. If Patrick asked me something, I’d answer. But it would take me a while to respond. He was patient and didn’t push. I was glad, I didn’t want to feel like I had to be defensive around him.
Mr. D stopped by our desk to check on our progress. I still couldn’t look at him. I stared at my work. “How’s it going?”
“We’re almost done.” Patrick told him when I didn’t say anything. 
Mr. D squatted down to look at me at my level. It was really hard to avoid him now. He talked in a low voice that only Patrick and I could hear, “Liz, if you ever need to talk…I’m always willing to listen. Or…” He pulled a card out of his shirt pocket and placed it in front of me. “You can talk to them. I just want you to talk to someone. I don’t want you to do…” He looked up and scanned the classroom to make sure no one could hear. “Do anything rash.”
I felt my face flash hot and my stomach twist. I didn’t really care what my skin color was. I always thought of it as having a year-round tan, a deep tan. I never thought skin color defined me or anyone. But it was times like this where I was glad that my skin had a lot of pigmentation, you couldn’t tell when the blood rushed to my face.
I knew he was worried, probably more so than my parents would be, not that I wanted to test that theory. I stared at the card and nodded slowly. “Thanks.” I whispered.
Staring at the words on the card Suicide Hotline made the reality sink in on how close I was to that precipice. I felt every muscle in my body tighten. I could see that Patrick noticed because his body weight shifted in his chair and inched closer to me. His head snapped in Mr. D’s direction.
Mr. D spoke again with a little nervousness in his voice. “I’m sorry, Liz. I didn’t mean to upset or push you. I just want to make sure that you’re okay. Whatever you need. I’m here to help.”
I slowly lifted my gaze to him. I tried to sound normal or at least detach myself from the moment. “I know. Thanks.” I sounded robotic. “Sorry I hung up on you.” There was no point to explaining why I did it. He knew. They both did.
The façade that I had put on to appear that everything was fine, even though I knew I wasn’t really fooling Patrick, had shattered when Mr. D handed me that card. I felt myself falling again. But I was at school. School was supposed to be safe, my refuge. I didn’t want to feel this way here—in the middle of class. I needed to snap out of it. I knew I had to, but I felt the whirlpool swarming around me. My hands balled up into fists as if that would literally help me get a grip.
Patrick had to sense the change in my demeanor. “Hey, you’re okay. I’m here. You’re here. That’s good.”
I took a long deep breath. I looked at the hopeful smile on his face. Patrick, the optimist. I could feel the current of my depression start to wane a little. He was right. Baby steps. I was here, I made it through the weekend. I would take what I could get. I could get through the rest of the period. The day would be a different type of survival though. I wouldn’t have to face Mr. D. I counted on being numb to get me through. Yes, that should help me muddle through each class. 
* * *
At the end of choir class, Mrs. Marshall thanked everyone who auditioned on Friday. She announced that she would post the male and female soloists for the Winter Concert at lunch on the quad’s bulletin board. I couldn’t help but hope, even though I knew I shouldn’t. 
I got to English class and tried to push what would happen at lunch out of my mind. Patrick could tell that I was preoccupied the minute I walked in. I guess I had that far-off disconnected look on my face. I sat down in my seat and mindlessly pulled school stuff out of my backpack. 
Patrick came right up to me and squatted down beside me. His voice was full of concern and his eyes searched my face looking for clues. “What’s going on?” 
“Not much. Mrs. Marshall will post who gets the solo at lunch in the quad. So, I’m sure that Grace or Jackie will be ecstatic and we’ll hear their screams of joy echo through the halls.” I tried not to care, but I did. It was only a matter of time for that glimmer of hope that I had would be crushed.
“Hey, I think that you have just as good as chance as they do of getting it. Better even!” He tried to encourage me because he was my friend.
“Thanks, but in less than an hour, you’ll see…it was dumb of me to even try, that I really wasn’t very good and I can finally let go of any hope I was stupidly hanging on to.”
“Or…in less than an hour, you’ll find out that you are good and when you try, sometimes good things happen.” He smiled.
I wanted to believe him, but it would be foolish of me. “We’ll see who’s right.”
The bell rang to start class. He got up, tapped my desk and grinned. “We’ll see…”
* * *
At the end of class, I sat at my desk frozen. I didn’t want to leave. I didn’t want to go outside and face reality. It was easier to let my tiny hope flicker, than to go to the quad and have it extinguished. But, Patrick wouldn’t let me just sit there. He prodded me to get up and leave Mr. Ludlow’s room. 
By the time we got to the quad, I saw a small gathering around the bulletin board. I turned away from it. I wanted to go in a different direction—any different direction. Patrick stepped in front of me. “Come on, you might as well check it now.”
“I don’t want to look and confirm what I know it says with all those people there.” My voice cracked.
He knew with one look at me that I couldn’t handle the humiliation. “Okay, we’ll wait. For now. But we’re going to check before fifth period.”
I nodded, “Fine.”
“And you’re gonna sit with the crew for lunch today. I don’t want you sitting off by your tree all alone making yourself crazy.”
I sighed. There was no point arguing. I didn’t have it in me to fight with him about it. So, I complied and followed him to the crew’s usual table. We passed a couple lunch carts on the way. He bought pizza and a drink. Food didn’t appeal to me right now, so I didn’t get anything. Besides, I knew I had a granola bar somewhere in my backpack if I got hungry.
A couple minutes later, Becca walked over. She wasn’t her usual bubbly, self-absorbed, Patrick clinging self. She looked shell-shocked.
Patrick took one look at her and rushed to her side. He took her hand and pulled her close to him. Patrick wrapped his arms around her and squeezed. He slowly pulled back to look at her face again. His voice was filled with concern. “Becks, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“I can’t believe…Grace…” Her speech had a nervous energy to it. 
Patrick got worried and curious. “Grace? What happened?”
She pulled back from Patrick and looked at the crew. Immediately, she turned angry. Her words were filled with a hate I had never heard before. “Your friends.”
There was a particular type of disdain that dripped from her lips when she said ‘friends’. I always felt like she didn’t like the crew much, but tolerated them because of Patrick—if just barely. Patrick let go of her and took a step back. He rubbed his neck and his head tilted to the left, as if he was trying to release the tension that suddenly built up in it and calm himself down. He spoke sternly, “What about them?”
“Paddy, they are always in the way. It pisses me off.” Becca snarled. She peered around Patrick at the crew.
“Are we going to have this fight again?” He sighed. “I thought we were past this.” 
“If it wasn’t for Cassie, I would have made it onto varsity volleyball last year.” Becca hissed.
Cassie just rolled her eyes and didn’t engage Becca. But that just made Becca angrier. Jason moved between Cassie and Becca.
Becca was about to get into it more with Cassie when Patrick stopped her. “Leave Cassie alone.”
“God, then Bobby takes junior class president from Nikki.” She spewed.
Emily jumped in, “He didn’t take anything from her. It was a fair election and Bobby won. Don’t blame him because people saw Nikki for what she is.”
Bobby held onto Emily. Kraig stepped in front of Emily as Becca took a step toward her.
“Stop it, Becca.” I could tell that Patrick was trying to not yell. He talked through his teeth. “What the hell brought this on?”
“They’re always in the way! Oh, I’m not done. Don’t think that I forgot that Tony broke up with Jen.” She was on the warpath. 
Now, I understood why she seemed to so ambivalent to the crew. Why she didn’t hang out with them, unless Patrick was there. And when she did it was reluctantly. She only tolerated them because of Patrick. She, apparently, liked or wanted Patrick more than she hated the rest of them.
Her intense gaze went from Tony to me. I thought it would burn through me. What the hell did I do? I barely knew her and her friends. I sat on the table, wishing I could run away.
“And now you…” She hissed at me with a new level of ferocity. I automatically cringed.
Patrick had had it. I was glad when he stood between me and Becca, it broke that evil hypnotic look. “That’s enough. Leave her alone. She hasn’t done anything to you. She’s no threat to you—she’s not into anything you are.”
“I know she’s no threat to me. She’ll never have what I want. She’s weak. Just look at her wanting to run and hide. Ready to cry.” She laughed wickedly. “Paddy, let’s go.”
“I’m not bailing on my friends. Don’t make me choose between them and you.” Patrick was adamant. “And you still haven’t said why you’re being this way. Tell me. Now.”
Becca realized she wasn’t going to get her way, Patrick wasn’t choosing her over the crew. She pouted and fumed. “Your little lab partner there…she got in Grace’s way.”
How did I do that? What the hell did that mean? Patrick glanced at me and cracked a smile. Clearly, Patrick knew something I didn’t. I wish he’d share it with me. He turned his attention back to Becca, he still was angry at her.
Becca shook her head, “I don’t know what Mrs. Marshall was thinking. She doesn’t have the voice and won’t be able to handle it.”
Patrick was quick to respond. “Yes, she does and you know it. That’s why you’re so pissed. Grace and Jackie don’t have a lock on anything anymore. Liz can handle it.”
Wait. What? I can handle what? Grace? Jackie? I felt like my head was spinning trying to make sense of what they were talking about. They weren’t saying what I thought they were saying. Were they? Did I get the solo?
Becca retorted, “You’ve known Grace longer. You’re supposed to be her friend. Support her.”
He volleyed back, “Why? Cause she’s one of your friends? It isn’t like you’re friends with mine. Besides, I may have known her longer, but I don’t know her very well. I’m sorry Grace didn’t get the part, but Liz was better, she deserves it.” Patrick triumphantly grinned. “You know I’m right.”
Becca gritted her teeth. “Hmph.”
Patrick gave her a hug. I guess Becca’s tantrum was over. But Becca still looked mad, like she wasn’t going to forget this anytime soon.
“I’m going to hang out with Grace.” She quickly said.
“Okay, Becks. Tell her I’m sorry that she didn’t get the part.” He was sincere.
“Yeah.” She was sarcastic and walked off after kissing Patrick on the cheek.
He turned to face the crew and his face was filled with remorse. “Sorry about that guys. Becca shouldn’t have said any of that stuff. You know that I don’t think of you like that. She’s just…Becca. I’m really sorry.”
Jason spoke for the entire crew, “Man, you don’t have to apologize for her. It’s not your fault that she’s that way. Like you said, Becca’s just Becca. But it doesn’t give her the right to go off on anyone.”
“I know. I’m sorry.” Patrick apologized again.
Cassie smiled, “There is an upside…”
Jason looked at her and laughed. “Leave it to you to point out the good from Becca’s tantrum.”
Her comment instantly lightened the mood of the crew. Jason hugged her. It was a great quality that she had. I wish I had that ability.
Patrick laughed. He looked at me and was grinning ear to ear. “I guess I was right. I told you so.”
Cassie and Emily hugged me and offered me congratulations. I was dazed. Congratulations? Patrick was right? I needed confirmation.
Bobby chuckled and patted me on the back. “You’re officially part of the crew, now that you’ve pissed off Becca.”
“Bobby!” Emily slapped his arm.
“What?!” He rubbed his arm as if she could hurt him.
“You make it sound like she wouldn’t be welcome if Becca didn’t throw a hissy-fit. Liz, you gotta know that’s not true.”
“Oh. Sorry.” Bobby apologized. He laughed and put his hand on my back. “But this just gives us something else in common. Our latest initiate.” 
“Thanks guys, but I’m not exactly sure why Becca is mad at me because Grace…” I didn’t want to assume anything and get my hopes up.
“Because not only did Grace lose, but she lost to you. Oh, Becca would have been mad if Grace lost to Jackie, but she wouldn’t have been as mad. She could kinda accept her losing to Jackie, but to you… That’s what got to her.” Patrick was having too much fun with the realization. “I tried to tell her. But she wouldn’t listen to me. So, in Becca’s own, not so classy…”
“Bitchy.” Emily interjected.
“Okay, bitchy.” Patrick conceded. “In her own bitchy way, she was saying that you got the solo.”
I let the words sink in. I…got…the part. I got the part. I wasn’t bad. I beat two really good singers. I got the solo. Oh, my god. I felt light-headed.
Patrick’s voice seemed faint. “Liz? Liz? Breathe.”
Breathe. Right. Breathing would be good. I didn’t realize I had stopped, but I did. I took a deep breath and looked at the crew. They were all smiling at me. Beaming really. I couldn’t help but start grinning. Patrick gave me a big hug. We walked over to the posting on the bulletin board. There was my name under female soloist. I shut my eyes tightly and opened them. Yeah, my name was still there and I wasn’t dreaming. I couldn’t believe it. It was starting to sink in. I did it. Wow!



12. SOME THINGS CHANGE, SOME DON’T

I didn’t tell my mom and dad about the solo. What was the point? They’d either yell at me for trying out—it wouldn’t matter that I already got the part. Or they’d tell me it was a waste of time and I should focus on my studies. Or that I would still embarrass the family because I could mess up on stage. Either way I could hear them yelling at me and I would just have to sit there and literally take it. I wasn’t going to let them ruin it and take something away that made me feel free. Besides, so far, practice was during class. Sometimes, I’d go in during lunch or after school to practice with Mrs. Marshall, but my parents didn’t know about it. I didn’t think of it as lying to them—well, not really. It wasn’t like they straight out asked me about it. Even if they did…I’d probably lie about it to avoid the confrontation.
Since I was clueless to many school spirit activities, I didn’t realize it was homecoming week. That explained why there were random students at school dressed as superheroes. Not everyone did it, but enough that it was weird and stood out. Of course, I was so caught up with the announcement of the solo, that I didn’t really wonder why they were doing it. The crew, with the exception of Bobby, didn’t participate on superhero day, but they did dress up for class spirit days, where each graduating class was assigned a school color to wear. They even convinced me to wear the appropriate colors for juniors on these days. So, on Tuesday I wore blue. Blue was easy enough to find in my closet. Gold, on the other hand, I didn’t have, so Emily insisted I borrow one of her shirts. I didn’t want to, because I was afraid I might mess it up. But, she and Patrick ganged up on me saying I had to wear it because we were going to the pep rally at lunch and I would be the only junior in the section not wearing gold. So, on Wednesday, I wore gold. I suppose giving into peer pressure in this case wasn’t so bad.
Thursday was school spirit day. We were to wear all three school colors or team shirts. I didn’t really have any clothes that had our school logo or anything on it. I had one navy blue shirt that had a little gold and white in it. So, that’s what I wore. The crew couldn’t believe that I didn’t have at least one school team shirt. Emily said she would take care of that for next time. Next time? Were there other days that I was supposed to wear the school colors other than Homecoming week? That’s when she told me that every Friday was school spirit day and with Bobby on the Associated Student Body council, they all wore school shirts and colors on Fridays.
Since Saturday was Halloween, they did Halloween dress-up on Friday. This gave everyone the excuse to wear their costume twice. Which I thought was kind of nice, get twice the use out of it. But, this also meant that school was crazy. By the way that some students acted, you’d think that they ate candy for breakfast. There were the usual gory, scary characters that teenagers, and I guess a lot of people, liked to dress up as. I never understood why people dressed up like that. Maybe it was to creep out people like me—give me nightmares. 
Other than the freaky costumes and attempts to scare people with pranks or corpse heads jumping out at you, I liked Halloween. I liked the idea of dressing up as someone else and pretending to be that person. I gave a lot of credit to the students who not only dressed up, but remained in character during class. For example, there was a guy in physics who put together his own costume, based on a movie character, and talked like that character all during class. That took guts.
I didn’t dress up for Halloween. I didn’t have that kind of courage to wear a costume around campus. I wasn’t that secure. I wish I was, but I wasn’t. A few of the crew dressed up—Bobby, Emily, Becca, and Tony. I think Bobby had to since he was on the student council. Emily did it so he wouldn’t be alone. Becca did it because she wanted the attention and Tony did, just so he could be weird. At least I didn’t have to feel awkward because I didn’t dress up and the rest of them did.
Friday was also Homecoming Day. Classes let out an hour early so everyone could go to the Homecoming Parade. A bunch of clubs and teams had floats in it. Well, they weren’t really floats like a traditional parade. It was more like cars and trucks decorated with cardboard and tissue and construction paper. The JROTC and band marched. The cheerleaders and tall flags performed, along with all the other auxiliary teams.
I met the crew, those that weren’t in the parade, by the school marquee sign. Cassie, Jason, Tony, Kraig and I watched the parade together. They cheered and waved when Bobby and Emily went by in the Junior Class float. And again when Patrick and Becca’s French Club float drove by.
It was hot standing outside in the sun. My black hair was like a magnet to the sun’s heat. I swear, you could fry an egg on my head.
By the time the parade was over, I was ready to go home, or indoors at the least. My scorching hair was sucking the energy right out of me and giving me a headache. I wanted to shake the heat out that felt trapped in my thick hair.
I waited with the crew for Emily, Bobby, Patrick and Becca at Jason’s car to say goodbye and tell them what a good job they did. When I got to the goodbye part, Emily stopped me.
“No, you’re coming to the game. You have to!” She insisted.
“I don’t watch football. I never got into it.” I told her.
“It’s not just football. It’s Homecoming! You got to go to the game.” Tony said. 
“Yeah, it’s tradition.” Cassie pleaded. “It’ll be fun!”
“We’re playing Rio Vista.” Kraig said it like it should mean something to me. I stared at him blankly. “Our rivals? The Mustangs.” I still didn’t get it. “Well, it should be a great game. You really should come!”
I looked at them, wanting me to agree to go. My eyes rested on Patrick. His arm was around Becca. She grinned contentedly. He smiled crookedly at me and shrugged. “Up to you. You know what my vote would be.”
Yeah, I knew what he’d want me to do. He’d tell me to go to the game with them. I sighed. Okay, more like whined. The heat was really getting to me. “But it’s so hot. I’m already melting here.”
“That’s too bad. Come on. Let’s go.” Becca snipped and grabbed Patrick’s hand.
Cassie’s face scrunched up. “Wait.” She put her hand out for Bobby’s keys. He handed it to her and she opened up the trunk. She grabbed a cap which had our school’s tiger mascot and a giant E on it. “There. Problem solved.” And handed it to me.
“Thanks.” I pulled my hair through the back of it. “Okay. You guys win. Which way is the football field?”
Emily looked at me in disbelief. “Seriously? You don’t know where the field is?”
I stared at her wide-eyed and tilted my head. “Yeah.”
* * *
We walked down to the football field, paid for our tickets and entered. The field was a lot bigger than I imagined. The track circumscribed the football field. Maybe that’s why it seemed bigger. The stands on the home side were filling up quickly. The visitor side had a decent amount of spectators, they probably wanted to be sure their team got some support knowing how loud our side would get.
I scanned the wooden bleachers hoping to find seats near the top, but it was full. I saw lots of students, parents, teachers and alumni showing their “Tiger Pride” by wearing the school colors. There were banners tied to the stands saying things like: “Tigers Roar Over Mustangs!” or “Once a tiger, always a tiger. Welcome back Alumni!” 
Jason found a place for us to sit near the center, about halfway up the bleachers. We couldn’t all sit in one row, so we’d be split between two rows. It would actually be easier to talk to everyone this way, than in one long row of nine people.
Becca held Patrick’s hand and went down the row first. She nestled herself in his arms. I sat down on his other side, with Tony on my left. Kraig finished off our row. Bobby, Emily, Cassie and Jason filed into the row behind me. I was glad that the rest of the crew were immediately behind me, because I didn’t like having my back to strangers.
I sat with the crew around me watching the game. I had a really hard time following the ball. I never was able to keep track of it—my eyes always seemed to follow the fake outs. I felt stupid. The band played songs, or parts of, that would get the crowd excited. The cheerleaders never seemed to stop cheering. They went from one to another, sometimes seeming to relate to the game, sometimes to get the crowd to join them.
The noise, the heat, the pounding in my head—it was like I could hear my pulse echo—were getting to me. I took several deep breaths to try to calm my head, before it turned into nausea. It wasn’t working. I started feeling lightheaded.
I leaned forward with my elbows on my knees and my head in my hands. I felt everyone around me jump to their feet and their loud cheering were like daggers in my head. I had to get a grip. I wasn’t going to let how I felt ruin my time at the football game with the crew.
I pushed myself up to stand and see what was going on in the game. I saw one of the players on our team running to the end zone. It looked like he had the ball. He got tackled just before the end zone. Everyone around me was cheering with their hands in the air. Why? Didn’t he get stopped? Why would they cheer that?
Our team hiked the ball. Once again, I seemed to be the only one who followed the fake play, because the next thing I knew the ball was in the end zone and everyone was celebrating. The cheerleaders ran down to that end of the field. The crew were high-fiving each other. Patrick hugged Becca then turned to high five me.
I hated high fives. I was always afraid I’d miss and look like a complete moron because of it. It didn’t feel natural to me. Probably because I never was the athletic type. And I never cheered with a bunch of people. And avoided physical contact with strangers. Any one of those reasons.
“What a play! I can’t believe Dylan caught that pass!” He waited for me to slap his hand in the air.
I did it, but it was so not natural or comfortable for me. I meekly smiled, “Yeah.”
He was amused. I think he could tell I didn’t follow the play. “You did know we just scored, right?” He teased.
“Yeah, that much I got.” I smirked.
Patrick laughed. “Just checking.” He slapped his stomach. “Man, I’m hungry. Anyone want anything?” He turned to his girlfriend. “Becca?”
“Ooh. Yeah.” She grinned sweetly. “Get me some popcorn and a Diet Coke. Make sure it’s cold.” She kissed his cheek.
“Okay.” He turned and looked at me. “What about you?”
“No, thanks. I’m not hungry.”
Patrick asked the others if they wanted anything. Jason went with him to the concession stand, to help him. When they came back, they handed out the chips, hot dogs and drinks to the crew. 
Patrick presented Becca her popcorn and soda with a flourish, “Your order, Becks.”
She wrapped her arm around him and pulled him close. Becca kissed him, “Yummy!”
He laughed and nudged my side. “Here. Thought you might be thirsty.” And handed me a bottle of water.
“Thanks.” That was nice of him. The bottle felt cold in my hand. I quickly opened it and drank half the bottle. It felt so good. I really needed it. “Hey, what do I owe you?”
“Don’t worry about it. You can buy next time.” That was kind of him. 
Wait. Next time? What did that mean? Did they go to lots of football games? Basketball, I didn’t mind. I liked basketball.
By halftime, the score was 14 to 10. We were winning. The band, tall flags, letterettes, twirl flags and dance teams performed on the field during halftime. It was actually kind of cool. When they were done, there was still time before the third quarter started. The crew started talking about the homecoming dance tomorrow night and their plans.
“So, Liz…” I couldn’t believe Becca was speaking to me. “Are you going to Homecoming tomorrow?”
“Uh, no. I’m not.” I shook my head. Thank goodness.
“That’s too bad.” Somehow I didn’t think she really felt bad for me. “Don’t worry, I’m sure some day you’ll find a guy who thinks your…” She looked me over, rolling her eyes. “Style, is…cute.” Only she could be so condescendingly bubbly. Her smile made me think she actually thought she was being nice. 
“Of course, she will.” Patrick smiled and shrugged. He seemed to think as if that wasn’t so far-fetched. I thought so. What guy would want the mess that was me? “Lots of guys think you’re cute.”
I scoffed. “Yeah, right.” I highly doubted that.
“Joey sure thinks so.” He teased.
Ugh. Joey.
“Joey is so annoying. He used to always come up from behind me and make these disgusting noises.” Cassie cringed at the memory.
“I know! Same here.” Emily agreed. “He doesn’t seem to get that that does not make girls like him. He needs to grow up.” I’m glad I wasn’t the only one who thought so. “It’s too bad though. He’s kinda cute.” 
“Hey!” Bobby exclaimed.
“Don’t worry. You’re cuter.” She smiled and kissed him on the cheek.
I couldn’t picture Joey as cute, only as irritating. 
* * *
I was glad when half time was over and the focus was on the game instead of me. I may not understand the game of football and what was happening, but I was still having fun. I cheered when the crew cheered. That got me by. I usually was able to piece together what happened after the ball stopped moving. I faked my way through the game until some point in the fourth quarter. That’s when I got so confused.
“I don’t get it. The ball didn’t move, but the players are switching. I thought the Mustangs had the ball. Why do we get it now?” I wanted to know what just happened and why everyone was cheering.
Patrick and Tony tried to explain it to me. I still didn’t quite get it. Something about it being the fourth down, not punting, going for the play, but being incomplete. 
Becca looked at me with an air of superiority. “It’s not that hard to follow. Paddy I thought you said she was smart.”
Patrick turned to look at her. His voice was soft but firm. “She is. Come on, Becks. It’s her first game. Leave her alone.”
“Fine.” She pouted.
“Don’t be that way.” He wrapped his arm around her and squeezed. Becca leaned her head on his shoulder, then looked up at him. She lifted her head up to him and kissed him. When Becca finally let him up for air, he turned a little to face me. “Don’t worry about it. That kind of play doesn’t usually happen. I understand why you’d get confused. The important thing is that we get the ball now.” He smiled.
That was a little comforting. It was nice to know that I wasn’t a complete idiot, just a partial one, especially when it came to football. I tried to put Becca’s comments out of my mind and focus on the game and the crew. Nothing else happened that required me to ask for clarification. Thank goodness.
I did understand the final round of cheering. It was because we won. Tigers 28. Mustangs 20. I was up on my feet with everyone else cheering along. Tony and Patrick put their hands up for high-fives. Ugh. Here we go again. I carefully slapped their hands in the air, making sure not to miss. It was great to be in the middle of celebration. I guess, it was a big deal that we beat Rio Vista.
* * *
Over the next week or so, I started to hang out more and more with Patrick and the crew. I was starting to feel like part of the crew. Cassie, Emily and I were getting closer. We’d sit together during basketball practice and talk. I was still closest to Patrick, of all of them. He always made sure I was doing okay. We’d walk to some classes together, when Becca’s class was in a different direction. On days when I was down, even if her class was in the same area, I’d sometimes walk with both of them. I was the third wheel. Patrick wouldn’t let me be by myself, if he could help it. Becca remained cool to me, which was the way she treated all the crew, so I didn’t take it personally. In fact, it made me feel like I belonged in the crew. Like Bobby said, it was like I was initiated as one of them.
We presented our “Physics in the Real World” project and our lab video to the class. School life was good. I was feeling normal—at least what I envisioned normal high school life to be like for me. Mr. D announced our next big project for his class—a science fair project. We had the choice to work with a partner or by ourselves. Patrick and I had a similar overall topic, but there were different specifics we were interested in. Mr. D suggested that we work together doing our background research and initial experimentation and see where it led us. That way, we had the benefit of bouncing ideas off each other and learning more than working solo. It sounded good to us.
Life with my family was about the same. My mom still bugged me about stupid stuff—blowing things out of proportion. She seemed a little glad that I, at least, had friends. But she didn’t like it when I went out with them. Make up your mind already! Geez. She was driving me crazy with her hypocrisy.
* * *
Last night was bad. My mom found out about my solo in the winter concert. She knew I was in choir and I had told her about the concert itself. She was okay with it, well more like she didn’t care to give me a hard time about it since I supposed to be blended in with the rest of the students in the choir. But when Mrs. Marshall ran into me and my mom at the grocery store, she found out. When I saw Mrs. Marshall, I tried to make sure that they didn’t run into each other, but that didn’t happen.
“Mrs. Mariposa,” Mrs. Marshall extended her hand out to my mom. “It’s nice to see you again. We met during open house. I’m Liz’s choir teacher.”
“Oh, yes. How are you doing, Mrs. Marshall?” My mom never forgot my teachers’ names.
“Fine. Fine. You must be so proud of Liz.” Mrs. Marshall looked so excited to talk to my mom about me.
Normally, I didn’t care if my teachers talked to my parents. I was always a good student and my teachers always raved about me and my work. This time wasn’t all that different, except I didn’t want my mom to know about the ‘great thing’ I did in class. I tried to plead with my eyes at Mrs. Marshall to stop and not say anything, but she wasn’t focused on me, she was looking at my mom.
She continued, “She has such a beautiful voice, that it was an unanimous decision to give her the solo.” 
The blood drained from my body. My mouth tasted like acid. My mom turned to me and glared. Her voice remained even as she addressed my teacher, “Oh really? That’s nice of you to share. I’ll be sure to tell her dad as well.”
Now, I didn’t want Mrs. Marshall to go. I didn’t want to be left alone with my mom. I didn’t want to get yelled at, talked down to, or chastised for something that wasn’t bad. I knew it wasn’t bad. I knew they didn’t like it, but that still didn’t make it wrong. But Mrs. Marshall left to finish her shopping and my mom didn’t say anything to me until we got into the car.
She screamed at me the whole ride home. I tried to tune her out, to disconnect from my body. That was the only way I’d be able to get through it. Every so often, I’d listen to the words she said. It was the same old stuff—don’t waste your time, you should focus on your studies, you’ll embarrass yourself and the family, you’re not good enough to sing in public. I tried not to pay any attention to it, but it was hard. I mean, as much as I disagreed with it, she was still my mom and I was brought up to listen to my elders, especially my parents. 
When we got home, my dad was there. She had me unload the groceries while she filled my dad in on the trouble I got myself into at school. He had this look of disappointment on his face. He didn’t yell at me, no, he always left that up to my mom. He just looked at me disapprovingly and talked about how I disobeyed their wishes.
After I finished putting the groceries away, while my mom still read me the riot act, I went to my room for the rest of the night. I knew they would never understand. I knew this would happen. That didn’t stop it from hurting or from me being torn between obeying my parents wishes and doing something I wanted to do. Something I was good at. Something that wasn’t hurting anyone. They acted like I doing something against the law like robbery or murder. Singing didn’t hurt anyone. Why couldn’t they see that it made me happy?



13. SLIPPING

I was still upset the next day. I didn’t sleep much. I felt like things were starting to spin out of my control again—just when I thought things were getting better. Maybe I was stupid to think that my life could change. Patrick knew something was wrong with me when I walked into class. I didn’t feel like talking about it, so I immediately pulled out my notebook and pretended like I was reviewing my notes. Mr. D was lecturing today, so we didn’t have a chance to talk during class. When class ended, I didn’t say anything and I just grabbed my stuff. Patrick put his hand on my backpack and stopped me from leaving right away.
“Liz, what’s wrong?” He was desperate to get in my head.
“Nothing.” I shrugged my shoulders and avoided his eye contact.
“It doesn’t sound like nothing.” He still wouldn’t let go of my bag.
“Don’t worry about it.” I glanced at him and forced a smile on my face. “I got to get to class.”
He let go of my bag. “Okay. But remember, you’re not alone.”
* * *
I purposely walked in as close to the bell ringing as possible for choir class. I didn’t know how much Mrs. Marshall had seen or realized from my mom’s reaction last night and I wasn’t going to give her the opportunity to bring it up. When we started singing, I tried to put my mom out of my mind. But I could hear her, yelling at me, being mad at me. I was doing what I said I wouldn’t do—let her ruin this for me. But it was all still so raw, that I couldn’t help it. I tried to get lost in the music and just sing. But I knew I wasn’t singing my best. And that drove me crazy. I was sending myself down this downward spiral. I knew I was, but I felt like I couldn’t do anything to stop it. I hated this feeling. 
Mrs. Marshall had to notice the difference in my singing too. I could tell she wanted to say something to me, normally I was open to constructive criticism but I couldn’t bear to take the feedback at the moment. So, I rushed out of class once we were dismissed, purposely avoiding her. I heard her call my name as I bolted out the door, but I didn’t look back and pretended not to hear her.
When I saw Patrick next in English class, he was watching me closely. Mr. Ludlow let us pick our partners to work with on the day’s assignment. So, Patrick came over and sat next to me. I stayed focused on the assignment and didn’t pay attention to much else. We didn’t have, what had become, our usual banter and chatting during the work. I just didn’t have it in me. I think that made Patrick worry more.
When it was time for lunch, I slowly got my stuff together. I knew that Patrick wasn’t going to let me leave by myself. He walked out with me to lunch and didn’t say a word. I wasn’t in the mood to hang out with the crew. I didn’t want be around others with expectations of carrying on a conversation. I started to head to my tree. 
He stayed right by my side. “You don’t want to sit with the crew?”
I shook my head and sat down against my tree. “Not right now.”
“Do you mind if I stay?” He politely asked, but I could tell that his mind was racing of what to do if I said no. “You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to. We could just sit here.”
“No. Go ahead sit down.”
I put my head on my knees. We sat there quiet for a few minutes. He broke the silence, “So, don’t forget there’s a scrimmage game today after school.”
I looked at him and blinked.
“What? I said you didn’t have to talk. I didn’t say I wouldn’t.” He acted innocent, but he knew what he was doing. He was trying to give me something else to think about, to distract me.
“Thanks for the reminder.” I did remember he had a game. Actually, I was looking forward to it. I knew it would help me escape for a little while. And maybe that would knock me out of my downward spiral.
I didn’t want to slide ­anymore. I knew Patrick couldn’t help with my mom. But his words echoed in my head ‘Remember, you’re not alone.’ I wasn’t. I took a deep breath and sighed. That caught his attention because out of the corner of my eye, I could see him turn to look at me.
I started picking at the grass underneath me. “My folks found out about the solo. We ran into Mrs. Marshall at the store. She told my mom.”
He put his hand on my back. “What did she say?”
“Mrs. Marshall? Something like… ‘You should be proud…’” I whispered.
“Well, that’s good. Right? What did your mom say?”
“Huh. She ripped me a new one.” I stopped picking at the grass. I turned to look at him and shrugged. “So, that’s it. That’s what’s been bugging me.”
“I’m sorry.”
I simply shrugged my shoulders again. There wasn’t anything else I could say or do. We just sat there until the bell rang.
I was able to focus a little better in math. Or at least, I welcomed the idea of something that would require my concentration. Math usually was a good distraction.
When the bell rang, Patrick felt the need to remind me again about his game this afternoon. It brought back memories of the first game I went to and his frequent, gentle pestering of me to go attend the game.
History class wasn’t nearly as concentration consuming as math. It always passed much more slowly to me. It wasn’t because it was my last class of the day, I know it would feel the same no matter what period it was. History just wasn’t my subject. I got good grades, it just wasn’t interesting to me. I was able to take notes, listen to the lecture, dwell on last night and clock watch all at the same time.
There was only five minutes left before the school day was officially over when Mrs. Marshall walked in. What the heck would she be doing in here? She walked over to Mr. Galang and quietly spoke to him. He nodded and pointed at me. Great, and here I thought I had successfully avoided her. I should have known better.
She motioned me to come with her. I picked up my stuff and followed her out the door.
“Sorry to bother you in Mr. Galang’s class. You left so quickly from class today.” We walked to her room.
“That’s okay.” I wanted to try to shift the topic. I didn’t want her to ask why I left so suddenly and pretended not to hear her. “So, is sixth period your prep?”
“Yes, it is. It gives me a chance to get the auditorium ready for concerts or rehearsal, if needed. So, I like it. It’s perfect for me.”
“That’s good. I guess, you wouldn’t be one of those teachers that would leave early just ‘cause you didn’t have a last class.”
“Nope. They don’t have to worry about that from me.” She laughed.
We got to her classroom and she unlocked the door. She went to her desk and handed me sheet music.
“This is what I wanted to give you earlier. Take a look at it. I’d like to include this piece in the concert.” She told me. I guess she didn’t want to talk about last night. Good.
I looked over the music. I knew the song and had even thought about using it for my audition piece. Well, it was one of my backup songs, but I hadn’t sung it in a while.
“I’ve been wanting to include the song in a concert for a while, but was waiting for a student whose voice could handle it. I think you can.” She gave me such a nice compliment, but I didn’t know how to respond.
“Thanks. That’s a nice thought, but I don’t know…” Part of me was still torn about what to do—would I quit the solo or ignore my parents and do it anyway? Agreeing to do the song would mean I wasn’t giving it up.
“Why don’t you just try it? See how it feels.” She suggested and started to play the song on the piano.
The music filled the empty choir room. It was like it echoed off the walls, making it sound like a concert hall. I followed along with the sheet music and started singing. It didn’t feel good.
At the end of the song, she asked, “Are you okay? It’s like something is holding you back. Do you know the song?”
“Yeah, I know it.” Please don’t ask what is holding me back.
“So don’t read the words. Just feel them and sing. I know you can do it. You did it at the audition, and every day in class. That was one of the things that set you apart from the others.”
That was nice to know. It wasn’t just dumb luck that I got the part.
“It was nice to see your mom again last night.” She politely commented. “She didn’t know about you getting the solo, did she?”
I felt like a little kid getting caught stealing a cookie. I stared at the floor and my voice was suddenly a whisper, “No. She didn’t.”
“Why not? You’re great.” Her smile was warm. 
I shrugged my shoulders. “It’s not really something they’re into.”
“Your mom seemed excited to tell your dad.” She had no idea what I was going through. My mom was good at not letting strangers know what she was really thinking, when she wanted to.
“Yeah, we rushed right home and she told him.” I stated devoid of emotion. I felt myself disconnecting from everything again to survive. I think from that she started to get the idea that she stirred up trouble for me. I turned around and was about to walk away.
“Liz, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to get you in trouble.” She got up from the piano and walked up to me. “I can see how much you enjoy singing. How about this… Forget about today, yesterday, last week. Just focus on the song, just sing. Do you want to try it again?”
I nodded and we walked back to the piano. I tried to clear my mind of everything else. I didn’t want to let her or the choir down. She had faith in me and I didn’t want to lose that. I had already made a commitment and decided I had to stick to it. No matter what.
I tried the song again. This time I didn’t look at the sheet music. I closed my eyes and pretended I was home, in my room trying to escape the world through singing. When it was over, I opened my eyes and looked at Mrs. Marshall.
“Much better. Much, much better.” She smiled. “What do you think? Do you want to do the song? I think it would showcase your voice beautifully.”
“Sure.” It felt good to make a decision and to know that at least one adult thought it was a good one.
She had me practice a few more times, each time giving something else to think about. It was nice to get feedback that wasn’t in front of others. It made me feel less insecure about it all. 
Before I knew it, an hour had passed. I looked at the clock and realized that I was missing the game. “Thank you, Mrs. Marshall, for the song and the help. But, I’m supposed to be somewhere right now. I’ll practice the song.”
I ran over to the gym as fast as I could. Patrick was probably thinking that I forgot or worse. I never wanted him to feel bad and even if he just thought I forgot, I’d feel horrible. It wasn’t that I forgot exactly. I just kind of got side-tracked by a teacher. I’d definitely need to talk to him after the game and apologize.
When I entered the gym, it was its usual warm and humid self. What was unusual was that Patrick wasn’t on the floor. He was sitting on the bench and he didn’t look good. His head was down and he had a towel over his head. His hands were balled up in fists. 
I quickly made my way to Emily and Cassie and sat down. “Sorry I’m late. What’s going on?”
Emily filled me in. “Hey, Liz. Patrick’s having a bad game. He’s missed some easy shots, made some bad passes. Coach pulled him out after the first quarter.”
Cassie added, “Yeah. It’s like his head isn’t in the game.”
Emily leaned in and whispered in my ear. “I think he was worried about you. He kept looking at us, expecting you to be here.”
I felt horrible. “Aww, man. I didn’t mean to drag him down with me. How the heck do I let him know I’m okay without the coach knowing? I don’t want him to get in any more trouble. But he needs to stop worrying.”
Emily smiled. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll get the message to him.”
Somehow, that made me worry a little.
She glanced at me and saw my anxiety. “Look, I know you were having a bad day. And I couldn’t do anything to help you. Only Patrick could. It’s okay. I totally understand. But this… I can help with. So let me. Besides, it’s no big deal. Only Bobby will know.”
The game played on. Apparently, I needed to work on my powers of mental telepathy because Patrick never took the towel off his head or looked in our direction. Bobby jumped up and grabbed a defensive rebound. 
When he came down with the ball, Emily screamed, “Blueberry sprinkle toes!”
What the heck?!
Bobby passed the ball to Jason, who dribbled up the court. Bobby quickly glanced at Emily and shot her a smile. She hugged me and he nodded. He ran down the court while Jason called a play. It didn’t look like they were getting the look at the basket that they wanted because the coach was screaming for a time-out. The whistle blew to acknowledge the time-out.
I watched the team walk from the court to the bench. Patrick got up from the bench and stood in his usual spot in the huddle, next to Bobby. He pulled his right foot behind him and stretched his leg. He quickly did the same with his left side. He then grabbed the towel on his head and draped it around his neck. He gripped the towel with both hands. It was like he had a nervous energy consuming him. Bobby elbowed him in the side and nodded his head in our direction. 
Patrick looked over and saw Emily hugging me. I waved, sheepishly smiled and mouthed, “Hi.”
He closed his eyes and exhaled sharply. He turned his attention back to the huddle. 
“Message delivered.” Emily nudged me in the side.
“Thanks.” I gave her a little hug. Leave it to Emily to deliver messages in the weirdest way. 
“Anytime.” She grinned.
As the team returned to the court, Patrick said something to the coach. He sat back down on the bench and watched the game intently. A few minutes later, at the next dead ball, Coach put Patrick back in the game. He seemed to have his head back in the game, because he was playing like the Patrick I knew. 
As usual, we waited for the guys to change before heading to the parking lot. We walked to our cars together. We got to my car first. The others went ahead to Bobby and Jason’s car, while Patrick hung back with me at mine.
“I’m so sorry I was late. I didn’t mean to be.” I was repentant.
“It’s okay. I’m just really glad that you’re okay.” He sighed with relief. “But, what happened?”
“I…” I was unexpectedly interrupted.
“Hi, Paddy!” Becca wrapped her arms around his neck and her mouth was suctioned onto his. 
After five long uncomfortable seconds, I cleared my throat. “Hi, Becca.”
She turned, saw me and smiled. “Oh, Liz, sorry. I didn’t see you there.”
Yeah, right. I’m only standing right in front of Patrick.
“Becks, we were talking.” 
“Oh, don’t let me interrupt. Go ahead and finish.” She turned to face me, stood right in front of Patrick and leaned back into him.
I shifted my weight from one leg to the other. There was no way I was telling Patrick what happened with her there, she’d probably go off on me again. I bit the inside of my cheek.
Patrick gave Becca’s arm a little squeeze. “Can you please give us a few minutes?”
“Sure. We have a little time.” Becca didn’t move. “I told my friends that we would meet them at the mall.”
“Alone.” He gently told her.
She rolled her eyes at me before turning to face him. Her voice sounded too sweet to me. “No problem. Looks like Liz is having a bad day, take your time. Fix your stray. I’ll get a ride with Grace. I’ll meet you at the food court.”
He smiled at her. “Thanks for understanding, Becks. I’ll be there in a few.” 
He hugged her and kissed her forehead. She turned back at me and glared, but her tone was sugary. “Hope you feel better soon.”
She left. Patrick waited until she was out of ear shot. “Sorry about that. You were going to say something before Becca came over?”
“Yeah. Uh…” I tried to remember exactly what I was going to say before I was distracted by Becca. I looked at him holding his gym bag and remembered what Emily told me. I was contrite. “I didn’t mean to make you worry.”
“I know you didn’t mean to, but I do. That’s what friends do when they know a friend is in trouble. When I didn’t see you there with Emily and Cassie, at first, I thought you were just running a little late. But that wasn’t like you. The longer you were gone, the more I worried. When I got benched…” His voice trailed off.
I felt awful. My heart plunged into my stomach. I hung my head down in shame. “I’m horrible.”
“Hey, no.” He lifted my chin up and shook his head. “I’m not telling you this to make you feel worse.”
“Then…” I whispered.
“Why?” He ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. I nodded. “To let you know that you’re not the only one whose imagination can run wild, to sometimes jump to the worst.”
There was something a little reassuring about that. “It’s nice to know I’m not the only one. Wait. Not that that’s what I wanted you to do or… I didn’t want you to think that…”
Open mouth. Insert foot. I felt like I was making things worse.
He chuckled, “It’s okay. Don’t worry about it. I know what you meant.”
“Thanks.” I did believe he knew what I meant. “I was going to go to the gym right after class, but Mrs. Marshall pulled me out near the end of sixth period.”
His brow scrunched up. “What happened?”
I filled him in on everything and showed him the sheet music. He smiled, “Yeah, I can totally hear you singing this song. So, you happy that you made a decision?”
“I don’t know if happy is the right word for it. But at least I’m not tearing myself apart trying to decide what to do.”
“What about your parents?”
There was the big question I had been asking myself. “I don’t know. I haven’t exactly thought it all through. But I’m not really doing anything bad…am I?”
“No,” he confirmed. “Unless you’re doing this to just piss off your parents.”
“Uh. No.” My eyes widened and I shook my head. “I don’t have it in me to rebel just to rebel. That’s not me.”
“I know. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with wanting to do something that makes you happy, especially when it doesn’t hurt anyone. You’re good at it. You deserve the solo and to be happy.”
“Thanks. I guess I’ll just have to keep doing what I’ve been doing. Ignore my folks when it comes to things like this and not tell them anything. They already know I got the part and yelled at me for it, so at this point, there’s not much else. It’s not like I’d ask them to come and even if I did, they wouldn’t.”
He looked surprised. “They wouldn’t? I mean, I know they don’t agree with you, but you really think they wouldn’t come to the concert…even just to support you?”
I didn’t even have to think about it. “No. That’s not…them. They stick with their decisions. If they disagree, they will always disagree, nothing else matters or will change their mind.”
He really couldn’t understand. He looked at me with such sadness in his eyes. “Liz…”
“Don’t. I don’t want your pity. I’m just glad you don’t know what it’s like. Anyway, I’m used to it.” I looked away from him. I couldn’t handle the look on his face.
“You shouldn’t have to. And…” He moved to stand where I couldn’t avoid looking at him. “I don’t buy that you have. Anyway, it explains a lot.”
“Yeah? Well…” I guess it did, but I didn’t really want to admit it. I cleared my throat. “Aren’t you supposed to meet Becca?”
“You’re changing the subject.” He smirked.
I responded sarcastically. “I always knew you were a smart guy.”
“Well, I’ll be there to support you. Whenever, wherever. And so will the crew. You don’t have to be alone.”
“Thanks.” I sighed. It was really good to hear. It was reassuring to know that at least I’d have some friendly faces in the audience. It was one thing to not know anyone in the audience when I was part of the choir. I wasn’t in the spotlight and blended in with everyone, so I didn’t feel all that bad not having anyone there for me. It did hurt a little, but I could handle it. Having someone there for me…was a foreign concept. But one I wanted to get used to. “You really should go. Becca’s waiting.”
“Seriously, Liz. We’re all here for you.” He looked at his watch. “Yeah, I should get going. You’ll be okay?”
“Yeah. I’ll be fine. Don’t worry.” I tried to reassure him with a little smile.
He gave me a hug. “I think we’ve already established that I do worry. Hey, I’ll call you later. Okay?”
“Okay. Go already!” I pushed him away from my car. He waved and jogged over to his car.
* * *
Over the rest of the week, everything seemed to get crazier. Things at home got increasingly tense. My parents didn’t ask about the concert, we avoided the topic all together. I threw myself into school even more. Patrick and I did a lot of background research for our science fair project. I rehearsed the new song with the choir and with Mrs. Marshall a couple times after school. I was keeping an insane schedule juggling my new found friends, classes, projects and choir. I used being an overachiever as an excuse anytime my friends or teachers asked me if I was taking on or doing too much. Bottom line? I was preoccupying myself as much as possible and trying to avoid the inevitable.
* * *
Then, one day, it was a Tuesday. The day before the Wednesday I was wishing would never arrive. I woke up knowing the ill-fated day was almost here. There was some stuff I had to take care of before tomorrow.



14. NERVES

I got to Mr. D’s room early so I could talk to him. “Morning, Mr. D.” I went to my seat to put my stuff down.
“Good morning. How are you doing today?”
“Hanging in there. I wanted to let you know that I won’t be here tomorrow. Is there anything major that I’m going to miss?” I didn’t want to go into detail about where I was going.
“Well, AP has a quiz tomorrow.” Aww, man. I hated falling behind to begin with, let alone missing a quiz or test.
“Can I make it up the next day?”
“Not during class time. Before school, at lunch or after school.”
“Yeah, no problem. I’ll make it up before school.” I didn’t want the quiz hanging over me.
“That’s fine. What’s going on?” Great, here came the questions that I wanted to avoid. I looked at him biting my lip. “It’s okay. You don’t have to tell me.” Thank goodness. He was giving me an out. “Just as long as you’ll make up the quiz.” 
“I’ll make it up.” 
“Okay.” He turned to finish writing up the homework assignment on the board.
I put in my ear buds and turned on my MP3 player. I closed my eyes and let myself get lost in the music. I felt a whoosh of air near my hand, it was Patrick putting his backpack down on the table next to me. I started to put my player away. “Hi.” 
“Hey. You didn’t have to put it away. You still had time to listen before class started.” There was still a good 15 minutes before the bell would ring and everyone would start coming to class.
“Yeah, I know, but I wanted to ask a favor.” He looked at me trying to read my face. I was still debating if I should ask him what I wanted to.
“Sure. Ask away.” He looked curious.
“I won’t be here tomorrow. You think I can borrow your notes?” I was nervous and scared, so I chickened out—I didn’t ask what I should have. I knew he would ask why and I couldn’t, just couldn’t talk about it with Mr. D there. 
“Sure, I’ll be glad to let you borrow my physics notes.”
“And for English? And math?”
I swear that Patrick and Mr. D exchanged some look. All of sudden, Mr. D said he forgot to check his mailbox and was headed to the office, leaving us alone in the room.
“You’re going to be gone all day?” His eyes were tight. 
“Yeah.” Anticipating his next question, I quickly added, “I’ll probably be back by 7:00 tomorrow night.”
“So, all day.” He paused. “Where are you going?”
“I have an appointment.” I was dreading this conversation.
“An appointment? That lasts all day? You know, you have to give me more than that.” He insisted.
I took a deep breath. “I’ll be in San Francisco. My flight leaves around 8:00 am.”
Patrick was really confused. He couldn’t understand what I was trying not to say, but he wouldn’t stop. I knew he wouldn’t until he knew what I was doing. “Is your mom or dad dragging you there?”
“No. I’m going by myself.” I wished I wasn’t, not that I wanted my folks to come with me.
“I really don’t understand what’s going on. Why would you go by yourself to San Francisco? For the day? For an appointment? Liz…” 
“It’s sorta an appointment. It’s more like…” My voice trailed off and avoided making eye contact.
“More like what?”
“A subpoena.” I responded quietly then turned to look at him directly. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mr. D come back into the room. “Please don’t say anything. Please.” I pleaded in a whisper. He stared at me in shock. The bell rang.
Some students started arriving into the classroom. “Mr. D? Liz and I need to look for some parts in the back room. Is that okay?” Patrick didn’t sound like he was really asking for permission. 
He looked at Patrick. “Sure. Some of the stuff back there is disorganized. It might be hard to find what you’re looking for. Take your time, so we don’t have to order a part that is hidden back there.” Patrick waited for me to start toward the back room and followed me. “Oh, and feel free to straighten up back there.”
We went to the far corner of the back room, as far away from Mr. D’s door as possible. It was a pretty big store room full of physics and chemistry supplies. The door connecting it to the other classrooms was closed. Patrick pulled out a stool for me to sit on. I sat down. He stood directly in front of me, keeping his voice low. “What the hell do you mean subpoena?”
I cringed at his tone. “I have to testify as a witness.” My voice cracked and I was shaking. 
He took in my fear and his voice softened. “I’m sorry. I’m not mad at you or anything. I’m just trying to understand.”
“I know.” I couldn’t help it. I knew when I woke up that today would be the start of a hard week, I just had to get through the next couple days. “I just can’t talk about it now. If I do, I’m afraid I’ll lose it. I can’t miss class two days in a row. I just want to get through today and tomorrow.”
“Okay. I won’t ask why you’re going. Not now, anyway.” I was thankful for that. Maybe later, after it was done, I could handle it. “I don’t get why your mom or dad aren’t going with you.”
“It’s just one of those things that we don’t agree on. Can we just leave it at that? They’re letting me go because it’s a subpoena and they have to, but they don’t have to like it or support it or me. It’s okay. It’s really better that they don’t come with me. It would just make it harder and worse. Much worse.”
Patrick kept scanning my face. He could see how uncomfortable I was, but I doubt he had any idea why. I wanted him to come, I really wanted someone with me, but I didn’t think it fair to ask him to miss school or practice. Besides, I didn’t even know how to ask him for something like this. Maybe he did have an idea why I looked like I did, “You really should have someone there to support you. I mean, you’re testifying in court! I don’t care if the case is big or small, that’s kinda scary. Talk about stressful.”
“That’s what the district attorney said. She felt it was really important that they came with me. I tried to explain to her that…that it wasn’t going happen.” I had to remind her about my parents’ reaction to begin with when we were in San Francisco. She finally backed off the parent issue after that. “She still hoped I would bring some support, though. She was still pushing the issue yesterday.  Said she’d cover the ticket and I just had to tell her who—hoping I would bring my aunt or cousin or something.”
“Why aren’t you bringing one of them?” 
“You’re kidding, right? They don’t know what happened. No one in the family knows. One of those family secrets, my parents would be embarrassed if any one else knew. So, I could never ask any of them. Even if I did, they’d side with my parents. I couldn’t take it. No, it’s better this way.” I shook my head. I wanted to change the subject. Needed to. I could feel myself getting close to crying and I didn’t want that. “We should get back to class.” I cleared my throat. “We need to grab some stuff to make like we found some supplies.”
Patrick just stared at me. I turned to grab a box and started looking through the bins of motors, resistors and other parts. I wasn’t looking for anything specific. I just needed to be moving, doing something. “I can see that this is going to be hard for you.” That’s an understatement. “I don’t want to push. But is there any way I can help?” He sounded so sincere and I wanted him to help me, but I didn’t want to take advantage of our friendship.
I took a deep breath. “You are. You’re letting me borrow your notes.”
“Liz. Come on, I can do more than that. You can get the notes from anyone.” He was frustrated.
I stopped shuffling through random boxes of stuff and turned to face him. “I know you can. But you need to know, that it’s okay for you to say ‘No’. Okay? Seriously. And you don’t have to answer now.”
“Okay.”
“The favor I really wanted to ask you wasn’t to borrow your notes. It was…well..” I took a deep breath. Just spit it out. Then the words tumbled out. “If you’d go with me to the trial. Like I said, I had an extra ticket. And there’s no one else that I really trust. But, I don’t want you to miss school or practice. And besides, Becca probably wouldn’t like it. I don’t want to cause any trouble. Forget I said anything.” I turned away from him and picked up my box of random, useless supplies.
“No, Liz.” He started to say.
“That’s okay. I know you have practice and stuff. I’ll just call you when I’m done with it.” I interrupted, still not looking at him.
“Let me finish.”
I turned around. “Sorry.”
“What I was trying to say is I won’t forget about it. Don’t worry about trouble you might cause with me. Don’t use that as some excuse to not ask for help when you need it. That’s stupid. Man, how can you be smart is so many things and not so much in others?” Patrick shook his head and smiled. I knew he was joking and not joking at the same time. It was true. I was dumb, or maybe it was more stubborn, about non-school stuff. “I don’t want you to go alone. I have a feeling that it would be a bad idea if you did, especially since the DA seems to want you to not be alone. If a total stranger thinks that, then I don’t think this trial is about you seeing someone hit another car.” 
He waited for a response. My pulse raced at the thought of what it was about. After I knew I’d have control over my voice, I answered. “No. It’s not.” 
“Yeah, I’ll go.” He responded immediately and definitively.
“But what about…” I whispered.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll take care of it. You’re my friend. I want to be there for you. I want to go. Besides, what better reason to ditch school but to actually go somewhere, instead of just sleeping in?” He smiled, it was very reassuring. I felt like I could actually get through tomorrow.
Mr. D tapped on the door before entering. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah, Mr. D. But it looks like I’ll have to make up tomorrow’s quiz.” Mr. D just nodded. Patrick picked up the box of random supplies I was putting together. “You know, if you had just asked me to begin with, we wouldn’t have missed part of class.” He teased. 
We headed back to class. It felt like we were gone forever, but we really didn’t miss too much of class. I just needed to get through the day, which seemed doable now that Patrick said he’d come with me tomorrow. It would be a little easier having one friendly face there.
At lunch, I called DA Espinoza. I wanted to let her know that someone would be accompanying me and whose name to put on the ticket. She seemed glad that I wasn’t coming alone. She reminded me about what to expect and where I was to go. I wrote down the details in my notebook. Along with things like: remain calm, breathe, and focus on her. 
I was really preoccupied as I entered math class. I almost tripped on someone’s backpack and ran into the edge of a desk before I got to my own seat. I was relieved when I finally sat down. I pulled out my notebook and opened it. Ms. Adams began her lecture and I started to take notes. I couldn’t help but stare at what I wrote during lunch.
I didn’t know how I would do it. I was scared. I was glad that Patrick was going to go with me. He was right, to have a bad feeling about tomorrow. I did too. I kept going over and over in my head the questions that I should expect. What the DA told me to expect. The thought of being in court freaked me out. I took several deep breaths to calm down. It didn’t really help. My stomach felt like it was doing cartwheels, good thing I didn’t eat lunch. That would have been bad, no telling what would have happened. Eww. 
I thought about what I had to say, what I had to relive. I wasn’t looking forward to it. I knew I had to do it. Just because it was the right thing to do, didn’t make it easy. Actually, it tore me apart. I didn’t want to do it. I wanted to forget about it, bury it. The thought of it made me shake and tears start to form in my eyes. I closed my eyes. Deep breaths. Deep breaths. 
“Liz, what did you get for number 4?” My eyes shot open when I heard Ms. Adams call my name. Crap. I scanned the room to see she was standing at the side whiteboard toward the back of the room. I saw Patrick staring at me, he looked worried. I didn’t know what to say, I froze. I knew had to say something, but I didn’t know what. I had no idea what she had been talking about. What problem?
A new kind of fear filled me. I don’t remember the last time that I froze when a teacher called on me. Especially because I wasn’t paying attention in class. Usually, no matter what was going on with me, class was an escape and I could focus there. I desperately scanned the board to see what problems she had done. It might as well be written in ancient Sanskrit. I couldn’t understand a thing that was on the board. How could that happen? Crap.
“Liz, come up and write your solution.” She had her hand outstretched with a dry erase marker. “You can bring your paper up with you.” Ms. Adams seemed to want to ease the apparent tension and nervousness which was plastered on my face. I looked down at my notebook. Nope, no solution magically appeared in my notebook. 
I slowly stood up from my seat and I felt like everyone was staring at me. The only eyes that I locked on to were Patrick’s. He looked down at his paper and pushed it toward the edge of his desk. I started walking to Ms. Adams, toward Patrick’s desk. As I got near Patrick, I got so nervous that I tripped on someone’s backpack. I partially caught myself before falling face first by grabbing onto the nearest table. As I regained my balance and stood up, I grabbed Patrick’s paper, trying not to be obvious. I didn’t plan on falling and taking his paper, but the opportunity presented itself.
Ms. Adams handed me the marker and smiled, when I got to the board. I forced a smile to my face and took a deep breath. I copied down Patrick’s solution onto the board and prayed that Ms. Adams would keep with her habit of asking one student to write the solution and another to explain it. Thankfully, she did. Ms. Adams now focused on another student to explain the solution that was written on the board. She excused me to sit back down, which I quickly did, careful not to trip on my way back. I glanced at Patrick as I sat down, trying to say thank you with a look.
I tried to listen to the explanation of the solution and understand it. I’d made it this far without losing it during class and I didn’t want to start now. I kept telling myself to pay attention and pushed down the thoughts of tomorrow. I was able to get through the rest of math and history by focusing on the teacher’s voice and ignoring the voices in my head that were haunting me about the trial.
* * *
At the end of the day, I walked through the quad to the parking lot. I watched students hanging out at the tables, laughing. I found myself, again, wishing I was one of them—a carefree teenager without a thought in the world. No, that wasn’t me. It would never be me. I was never really one of them and I know I could never be that in the future.
A bunch of Patrick’s crew were meeting in the usual spot in the quad. I saw Patrick head over to them. Becca saw him instantly and threw her arms around him. She seemed happy to see him, bubbly actually. I thought about her reaction, another reason why I wouldn’t be a typical teenager. I always felt better when I saw Patrick, but I couldn’t understand her response. I’ve liked guys before, but never felt the need to jump all over them. I couldn’t understand the need for big, grandiose public displays of affection. It was like she was marking her territory, why didn’t she just pee on him? 
Patrick always looked like he tolerated it, but could do without it. I could tell by the look on his face that he wasn’t really paying much attention to her antics. He didn’t look very comfortable with her hanging all over him. He was letting her get her way. I wondered if most guys did that. It’s easier to let your girlfriend get her way than it is to argue with her. Then again, I guess if you argued with her, she wouldn’t be your girlfriend for long.
I made my way to my car and turned up the volume. I didn’t want to hear anything but the music. I needed to focus on the now—like driving home in one piece and not getting distracted. Once I got home, I got dinner started. I figured if I said I’d eaten because I made dinner, then I could avoid actually eating dinner with my parents. I left a note on the fridge simply stating that I would be home late tomorrow because of the trial in San Francisco. I knew after they read it, they wouldn’t want me to have dinner with them.
I ironed my clothes for the trial and packed my backpack for the day. I got ready for bed, then went to my room and locked the door. I put in my ear buds and cranked up my MP3 player. I didn’t want to think tonight. If I did, I might talk myself out of going tomorrow. I crawled into bed with my MP3 player and my cell phone. I hadn’t had a chance to talk to Patrick since this morning in physics. During math, he saved me from total humiliation by giving me his solution. But, we hadn’t really had the opportunity to talk about the details of tomorrow. I wanted to avoid any real details, and he was with his friends and Becca at lunch and after school. I figured that I’d call him tonight to let him know the flight information.
I felt my cell phone vibrate in my hands. “Hi, Liz.” It was Patrick. 
“I was going to call you, but you beat me to it. So, tomorrow…” I wanted to give him the chance to back out.
“Yeah. I’m good. I told you I was going. That I wanted to be there for you. You’re not going to talk me out of it.” He knew me pretty well. But he really didn’t. He’d find out how much tomorrow.
“I know. I know.” I shared with him the flight information.
“So, we should leave by 6:30am. I can pick you up.” He offered.
“No. My parents would wonder why I left my car, they don’t know you’re coming with me. It would start a whole new thing with them. I’ll pick you up. If that’s okay…”
“Yeah, no problem. I don’t have a problem with women drivers.” He laughed. “I can leave my car. My folks know I’m going.”
I was shocked. If the roles were reversed, I could never tell my parents. “What did you tell them?” I was worried that something might get back to my folks.
“The truth. I said that a really good friend had to go to San Francisco to testify in court, but her parents couldn’t go and that I told her that I’d go to support her.” He was so matter-of-fact about it. 
Wow. “What did they say?” I was curious about their reaction.
“They were proud of me, being a good friend. They wanted to know if I had my ticket or if they should get it for me. I told them that they gave you an extra ticket.” He chuckled, “Then my mom said, ‘Call your sister, I’m sure she can pick you guys up from the airport. Oh! And you can give some things that I was going to send to Lindsey for me. Save me a trip to the post office.’ Then she headed to the kitchen to make Lindsey’s favorite cookies.” He laughed.
I couldn’t help but laugh with him. It felt good. Today had been so hard. “That’s funny.”
“Yeah, that’s my mom. She’s great.” He paused. “It’s good to hear you laugh. I was really worried about you in math.”
“I was kinda preoccupied. I talked to the DA at lunch and let her know you were coming with me. And she reviewed some stuff with me. I kept going over and over it in my head. Anyway, thanks for your help. I drew a total blank and couldn’t have answered the problem.”
“Anytime. I noticed that you weren’t exactly paying attention. Then Ms. Adams called you. You had this blank look, I’ve never seen you with that look in class. Anyway, you seemed to have snapped out of it a bit afterwards.”
“More like scared into paying attention. The one place I felt like I had control and I was losing it. It took a lot to focus. But I did it. I had to.” I started getting that sick feeling in my stomach and my mind started racing. “Well, you should call your sister to let her know what time we’ll be coming in. I should try to get some sleep. I’ll come by around 6:30.”
“Okay. Get some rest. Call me if you need anything.”
“Thanks. See you tomorrow.”
“Night.” Patrick hung up. I closed my phone, put my ear buds back in and blasted my music. I didn’t want to think about anything. I finally fell asleep with the image of Patrick’s mom frantically making cookies.



15. DEPARTURE

The next morning, I hurried to take a shower and get dressed, putting on my navy slacks and light blue blouse. I wanted to get out of the house as soon as possible. I didn’t want to run into my parents at all. I grabbed my backpack, MP3 player, and keys. I walked through the house in the dark. My parents were still asleep. I locked the front door behind me as I exited the house. I threw my stuff into the back seat of my car and took a deep breath. I could do this. 
I headed over to Patrick’s house. It took me longer to get there than the internet directions said. Because, despite printed instructions, I got lost. A couple times. What is wrong with my brain? I can do complex calculus problems, come up with innovative ideas for physics class, but I couldn’t get from point A to point B with directions without getting lost! I finally had to find a main street that I recognized and start over. Eventually, I got there.
I didn’t know if I should call him or knock on his door when I got there. I didn’t think to ask him last night. When I pulled up to his house, it was all a glow. I nervously walked up to the front door and rang the bell. Surprisingly, Andy answered the door. “Hi, Liz!” He hugged me tightly.
“Hey, Andy! How’s my favorite second grader doing?” How could I not smile with a sweet kid hugging me and seeming so happy to see me?
“Okay.” He was still in his pajamas and led me into the kitchen.
“What are you doing up so early?” I asked. 
Patrick answered, “He heard you were coming by and wanted to see you.” Patrick was dressed in a shirt and a tie, something that I usually saw him wearing on game days, but somehow he looked a little different. Maybe it was the reason.
I entered the kitchen and saw Patrick and his parents. His parents were already dressed for work. There was a big shopping bag sitting on top of the counter which seemed full of stuff. I got really nervous, I wasn’t prepared to see the entire family. I looked at Patrick anxiously. He smiled and politely introduced me to his parents.
“Hi, Liz. It’s nice to finally meet you. We’ve heard a lot about you.” Mrs. Connor said as I shook her hand.
“Yes. Too bad it wasn’t under better circumstances. But I’m glad our Patrick here can be there for you.” I shook Mr. Connor’s hand as he spoke. “He’s a good boy.”
I smiled. I didn’t know exactly what to say, “It’s nice to meet you, too. I really appreciate you letting him accompany me. It means a lot.”
“No problem, dear.” Mrs. Connor smiled. “You’re doing me a favor. I’ve been meaning to send a care package to Lindsey. Now, I was able to include some of her favorite cookies.” She got up and headed toward the big shopping bag on the counter. “Oh, and I included a bag of cookies in here for the two of you.” She lifted it out to show us.
“Mom, we need to get going.” Patrick went to pick up the bag for Lindsey.
“Okay. Safe flight, guys.” Mrs. Connor hugged him. “Give me a call when you land.” Then she hugged me, “Good luck, dear.”
“Will do.” Patrick hugged his dad and his little brother. 
His dad shook my hand and gave me his business card. “Here’s my card. Let me know if you need anything. Feel free to call. Okay?”
“Thanks, Mr. Connor.” I looked at his card, their home phone was written on the back, and put it in my pocket.
Andy hugged me good-bye. It was nice to have a family see me off—even if it still wasn’t my family and they weren’t really there to see me off. It was still nice. I could pretend.
I unlocked the car and we got in. I looked back at his house and saw his parents and Andy standing at the front door, waving good-bye. What a big difference from when I left my house. Patrick looked at me, waiting for me to start the car. “You okay? You want me to drive?” 
“Yeah, I’m fine.” I started the car and pulled away from the curb.
“What is it? I swear, I didn’t tell them anything that you wouldn’t want me to tell them. They don’t know about…well, you know…”
“It’s not that. Your folks are so nice. I know you’ve talked about them before, but I guess it was hard for me to believe until I met them. You’re really lucky.” I headed toward the freeway and to the airport.
“Yeah, I know. To be honest, I never really knew how lucky I was until…” He stopped himself.
I chuckled and glanced over at him, “Until you met me. Huh? It’s okay.”
“Yeah.” He admitted sheepishly.
I changed lanes so I could make a left turn. The light was green, so I kept driving. “Liz!” He shouted.
“What?!” 
“You’re supposed to turn right here, not left.” 
I looked around and realized he was right. “Next time say something sooner. How do I get back there?”
He was patient and calm as he gave me step by step instructions to get back to where we needed to be and gave me plenty of time to change lanes. 
We spent the rest of the ride to the airport listening to the radio. Morning DJs had their moments. It was their job to help you start your day off with a laugh or thinking about other stuff than your day ahead. So, whether you are laughing at them or the people who call in, you don’t have to think about whatever lies ahead for you. That was good, for me at least.
We got to the airport and went through security with no problems. Patrick and I found our gate and sat down to wait for our plane to arrive. I started clenching my hands into a fist. Patrick looked at me, “Nervous?”
“That’s an understatement.” I mumbled.
“Do you want to go over what you’re going to say?” He offered. I’m sure it was killing him not knowing anything about the trial, but he didn’t let on. “Do you think it’d help?”
“No. Just distract me. Talk to me. Help me get my mind off of it.” I pleaded with him.
“Ok. I’m here to help. Let’s see. You going to Winter Formal?” He asked.
“What? Yeah, no. Me and dancing don’t mix.” I shook my head.
“Come on. It should be fun.” Patrick teased.
“According to who? You? I didn’t peg you for someone who looked forward to dances.”
“Well, no. Not me. No, I’m not really into these things. Becca says it’s supposed to be fun.” He admitted.
“Becca.” I nodded. “But, you don’t really want to go.”
“I didn’t say that.” His brows raised.
“You didn’t say you did.” I pressed.
“Well, you got me there.” He smiled.
“So, you’re letting Becca win this one. I guess that’s what a relationship is about. Compromise, huh?”
“Well, she really wants to go. She found her perfect dress months ago. I don’t mind going, so much. It just isn’t my first choice for things to do. What about you? You’re a girl…”
“Thanks for the confirmation.” I said sarcastically.
“What I mean is, most girls can’t wait to go to dances and buy a dress and all that stuff. None of that really seems to interest you.” He was observant.
“No, not really. It all seems like too much work and effort. Like you said, it wouldn’t be my first choice of things to do. That said, I guess, if there was a guy I really liked, I probably would want to go to a dance with him, if he wanted to go. I am a girl after all.” I admitted. 
Patrick laughed. “I can’t imagine why a guy wouldn’t want to go to a dance with you. I bet you wouldn’t force your date to be on the dance floor all night.”
“No.” I laughed. “I’d be happy just to spend time with the guy. If he didn’t want to dance, we wouldn’t have to. Why are you letting her torture you?”
“What makes you think, I think that it’s torture?” He looked at me curiously.
“The way you talked about it. You get this look.” I shrugged.
“I have a look?” He was surprised.
“Yeah. It’s like you’re just waiting for something to hurry up and be over, but you didn’t want it to happen to begin with.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.” He wasn’t the only one that was observant. I was too.
“For instance?” He fished.
“Never mind. Maybe I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“No, come on. When was the last time you saw this look?” He challenged me to provide evidence.
“Yesterday.” I paused. “I saw you in the quad after school. Becca ran up to you and, uh, greeted you.” I looked at him, watching for his reaction.
“Okay, I’ll give you that.” He admitted.
“Can I ask you something?”
“You can ask me anything.” The way he said it, the way he looked, I believed him. He would leave himself open for me to ask anything.
“Why did you feel that way? I mean, she’s your girlfriend.”
He didn’t even have to think about his response, “I’m really not into big public displays of affection like that. It’s like she’s putting on a show or something. It’s a turn off for me.”
I nodded. “Have you ever talked to her about it?”
“Tried to, a couple times.” He shook his head. “She’d get all upset. I learned it wasn’t worth the fight. So, I just let her and wait for her to be done. I know, it’s not necessarily the best thing to do, but with Becca… I tried to tell her I didn’t feel comfortable when she did all that exaggerated public hugging and kissing in front of the guys and at school and she thought I meant that I didn’t want to kiss her at all. I tried, she just didn’t hear me.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“Sorry.” We heard them announce the boarding of our flight over the loud speakers. We grabbed our stuff and got in line at the gate’s doors.
“It’s not your fault.”
“How long have you guys been together?” I didn’t mean to sound nosy. I just wanted to keep my mind on other things and not face what waited for me at the destination of our flight.
“About six months. We got together toward the end of the school year.” He laughed, “And she’s been complaining about my friends ever since!”
“Yeah? I don’t think she likes me very much.” My face scrunched up at the thought that she actually seemed to dislike me. I was used to people feeling ambivalent about me, but dislike…or hate. That was different.
“Aww, Becca is harmless. Like I said, she doesn’t really like any of my friends. She puts up with them, because of me. If she got her way, I’d spend every free moment with her and I wouldn’t even be playing basketball. I may compromise on a lot of stuff, but things that are really important to me, like my friends, isn’t one of them. That’s non-negotiable. We had a huge fight about it once, almost broke-up because of it. Ever since then, she’s put up with them, but complains whenever she gets the chance.” He rolled his eyes.
We found our seats and strapped ourselves in. “You’re such a nice guy though, that you did give in a little.” I lightly teased him. He looked at me with curiosity. Clearly, he didn’t understand what I meant. “Unless you’re telling me French Club was your idea.”
Patrick laughed. “Okay, you got me there. You’re right. French Club was her idea. But, hey, she gets French Club twice a month and I get the rest with my friends at lunch. So, she didn’t completely take me away from my friends. I gave in a little.” He laughed again.
“And if you had your choice in clubs to join?” I asked.
“Actually,” Patrick smiled. “I think you’d appreciate this. I wanted to start a robotics club. You know, build bots that fight each other.”
“Yeah? Cool! Why didn’t you?” The thought of building a bigger, badder robot to annihilate other robots was exciting.
“Well, you know…” He seemed a little ashamed. “Becca said… You know, never mind. It isn’t important.”
I felt bad that he was feeling bad, that was the last thing that I wanted. “Well, if you ever decide to start it, I’d join.”
He smiled at me, and then tapped my arm. “Hey, want to try my mom’s cookies?” He looked through the bag his mom packed.
When I thought about it, I hadn’t eaten anything for breakfast or much for dinner last night. Patrick pulled out a couple and handed one to me. “No, thanks. I’m not really hungry.” This was true. “Besides I might get air sick.” That wasn’t. “But they look amazing.” I added, which was true. They did.
“Yeah, my mom and Lindsey came up with the recipe when she was a kid.” He smiled. He munched on a cookie.
“That’s cool. So, Lindsey goes to school up there?” I was glad for an opportunity to change the subject.
“Yup. She’s at Stanford.”
“Majoring in?”
“What else? Engineering. Electrical Engineering. In some families, everyone becomes a teacher or a lawyer or a doctor. We are a family of engineers.” He grinned. “Of course, my sister, the overachiever, decides to double major. EE and pre-law. She wants to be a patent attorney.”
We played some cards and continued to talk about his sister, the Celtics, favorite movies, books and music, all sorts of stuff. It was nice—getting my mind off things. But in the back of my head I knew it would come to an end all too soon. Sure enough, it was time to land.



16. TRIAL

We landed and waited our turn to deplane. Patrick called his mom and sister to let them know we arrived. By the time we made it to the airport’s curb, Lindsey was there. Lindsey got out of her car and popped open the trunk. She was everything I hoped to be: bright, independent, self-assured, and easy-going. You could tell just by looking at her.
“Hi, Lindsey.” Patrick gave his sister a hug. He turned to me, “Lindsey, I’d like you to meet Liz. Liz, this is my sister Lindsey.” He handed her the oversized shopping bag. “This is from Mom.”
I was about to shake her hand, but somehow that didn’t feel right. I felt like I knew her. She leaned in and gave me a hug. “Nice to finally meet you. My brothers have told me so much about you. Welcome to San Francisco!”
“Nice to meet you too. I’ve heard so many nice things about you.” We all climbed into the car. “Thanks so much for picking us up. I hope I didn’t cause too much trouble for you.”
“Oh, no! No trouble. Anytime I get to see Patrick is a treat. I love Stanford, but I do miss my family. If you guys get done early, let me know and maybe we could get dinner or something before you guys go. If not, that’s okay, I understand that this isn’t a vacation.” She smiled. 
I got caught up listening to the CD that Lindsey was playing while she and Patrick chatted. She was playing one of my favorite musicals, Rent. I guess I was so busy trying to block out the impending reality of arriving to the courthouse that I was singing along. Not loudly. Then I noticed that they had stopped talking, and suddenly I became self-conscious. 
I saw Lindsey look at me through the rear view mirror. “Hey, don’t stop. You have a beautiful voice. It took me a while to realize that it wasn’t the CD and it was you.”
“Thanks.” I felt all the blood rush to my face. 
Patrick looked back at me and smiled. “Don’t be embarrassed. You do have a nice voice.” He turned back to his sister, “So, you’ll be the lawyering engineer and she’ll be the singing engineer.”
We all laughed. Lindsey teased, “Patrick, you will be an engineer that…”
“Works for you two ladies!” He laughed. “I wouldn’t mind that!”
“So, does that mean you’ve decided to go into electrical?” Lindsey asked.
“I’m thinking about it. There are a few other majors I’m looking into.” Patrick replied.
“Like?”
“Well, mechanical and computer engineering. I’m also thinking about robotics, nanophotonics, or biometrics.”
“Nice.” Lindsey seemed impressed. “What about you, Liz? Any idea what you want to major in?”
“To be honest, aside from it being in engineering, I’m not too sure. If I had to pick right now, I’d probably lean more toward computer, electrical or mechanical engineering. I really like my computer science and physics classes.”
“Well, let me know if you want me to introduce you to any of the women in engineering organizations out there. I belong to a couple of them. They are great for networking.” She looked up into her rear-view mirror to see me again.
“Thanks.” I smiled back. 
* * *
The streets in front of the courthouse were busy. There were lots of people, some dressed in suits, some in khakis and polos. The lawyers, jurors, witnesses seemed to be all over the place. At least, that’s what I thought they could be. The only ones that were easy to really spot were the cops and television reporters.
Lindsey wished me luck and told us to call her when we were done. Patrick and I got out of the car and took our stuff out of the trunk. I balled my hands up and felt my body go cold. Patrick saw me tense up, put his hand on my back and whispered, “It’s okay. I’m here. You can do this.”
I looked at him and slowly nodded. I took deep breaths as we walked up the stairs into the courthouse and through security. We made our way to the courtroom that I was told to go to. Patrick was right by my side the entire way. I realized he still didn’t know why I was here. But, he didn’t ask, he didn’t push. He just was there for me, reassuring me that everything would be okay—that I would be okay. I didn’t want him to be blind-sided by what he heard, but I didn’t know how to tell him and time was running out.
I knew we found the right courtroom because I recognized one of the people standing outside of it. He was the detective on the case. “Hello, Liz.”
“Detective Peters.” I had a flash of the last time I saw him, I felt scared and safer at the same time.
“It’s good to see you again. You look like you are doing well.” We shook hands. “Did your parents come with you?”
I didn’t know what exactly to say. I knew it really wasn’t an invitation to share the truth. I shook my head. “Let’s just say that some things don’t change.” I cleared my throat, “Detective, this is my friend Patrick. Patrick, Detective Peters.”
Patrick stepped forward and shook the detective’s hand. “Nice to meet you, sir.” 
“Nice to meet you.” Detective Peters looked at me. “They reconvened about a half hour ago. I’d expect that they would call you in soon. Don’t worry, you’ll do fine. The worst is already over.” 
I nodded and sat down on bench just outside the room. I sat there wringing my hands, trying to not be the nervous wreck that I was. I faintly heard Detective Peters and Patrick chatting about the flight, about school and I don’t know what else. I wasn’t really paying much attention. But I did know that Patrick was sitting right next to me, he kept his hand on my arm. It kept me from completely falling apart, kept me grounded somehow.
“Elizabeth Mariposa.” I stiffened when I heard my name called. I had never been so frightened by hearing my name. I looked up and saw the bailiff at the door to the courtroom looking up and down the hallway.
Patrick squeezed my arm and it reminded me to breathe. Detective Peters nodded to the bailiff and indicated that I was present. The bailiff waited at the door. I slowly stood up. Patrick got up and gave me hug. He tried to reassure me, “I’ll be here the entire time. It’ll be fine.” 
I looked up into his eyes and wondered if after this he would see me the same way. If he’d think all the good things he thought of me. If he’d still be my friend.
“Do you trust me?” He asked. All I could do is nod. “Then trust me, it will be fine. I’m not going anywhere. No matter what…I’ll be here for you.” He squeezed my hand, and then smiled, “And afterwards, we’ll get something to eat—on me. Maybe…life-sized loaf of sourdough?” I cracked a little smile, not just at his attempt at humor, but at his reassurance. I nodded, turned and walked into the courtroom.
When I walked into the courtroom, I zeroed in on the witness stand. Somehow, my feet got me from the door to the stand. I sat down and focused on DA Espinoza. The bailiff swore me in. The DA approached me.
“Good morning, Ms. Mariposa.”
“Good morning.” My mouth felt dry as the desert.
“Thank you for being here today. I’m sure this isn’t easy for you. You’d much rather be in school?” 
“Yes.” Unequivocally, that was an easy question. I wish they would all be that easy. 
“Are you a good student? Getting straight A’s?”
“Yes.” Still easy to answer. She told me she’d ease her way to the more difficult ones.
“Taking any honors or advanced classes at school?”
“Yes. I’m taking Advanced Placement Physics, Calculus AB, English Language, US History and Computer Science.”
“That’s a full course load. Are you taking any other classes?”
“Yes. Advanced choir.”
“Is this a typical schedule of classes for students? Five AP classes?”
“Typical? No. Those that do, have their own reasons for it.” I could feel the blood rushing from my head.
“What made you decide to take on that coursework this school year—your junior year? Couldn’t you have taken some of them your senior year?”
I made the mistake of taking my eyes off of the DA and caught a look at the defendant. She noticed and took a step to her left, so I couldn’t see him. I focused back on her. “I needed something to focus on. To put my energy toward. I didn’t want to have free time to think about... non-school stuff. I met the prereqs for the classes and I’m a good student. So, I figured, why wait until my senior year?”
“Let’s talk about the non-school stuff that you mentioned. Do you recall where you were on March 23 of this year?” Here we go.
“Yes.” I stiffened even more than I already was.
“Please share with the court where you were.”
“I was in downtown San Francisco, shopping.”
“By yourself?”
“Yes.”
“What time of the day was it?”
“Morning.”
“What happened that day?”
“My dad had a meeting here in San Francisco. Since it was during my Spring Break, my parents decided to make a family trip out of it. I went shopping that day. Our hotel was a block away from the shopping district. It was 10:30 in the morning, so I thought I’d be pretty safe. I went to the mall and several of the stores along downtown.” I paused, scared to continue. I quickly looked at Patrick sitting there and then turned to look at the DA. 
“Go on.” She prompted.
My voice was shaking. “I was heading back to the hotel around 1:30pm, when someone grabbed me. It all seemed to happen so fast. The next thing I knew I was being pulled into a nearby alley. I tried to scream, but he had his hand over my mouth. I kicked and kicked, but he carried me into the alley.” I tried to hold back the tears as the memories got fresher and fresher. “He kept hitting me until I stopped fighting him. He threw me on the ground. It hurt so much. A sharp pain burned through my side and the wind got knocked out of me. I tried to scream but nothing came out. He pulled out a roll of duct tape and taped my mouth shut. I tried again to fight back, tried to push him away, but he was too strong, bigger than me.” 
I balled my hands into fists in my lap. I felt like it was all happening again. Tears started streaming down my face. My voice kept breaking. “He taped my hands together. I kept trying to fight, trying to scream, he just laughed and hit me again and again. He said it wouldn’t hurt as much if I would just stop fighting it. That I would enjoy it, others had. He was right on top of me when he ripped my shirt open. I heard this beeping that kept getting louder, I thought it was all in my head since it was throbbing, but it was a garbage truck pulling into the alley. All of a sudden, he got up and ran away. One of the garbage men found me.”
“You said that you tried to fight back several times. Were you able to injure him in any way?”
“I might have bruised him with all my kicking. Scratched him across his face and neck as I tried to get away from him.”
The DA nodded then turned to the judge. “Your honor, at this time, the People would like to enter exhibits G through K.”
“So entered.” The judge responded after looking over a sheet of paper the DA handed him.
The DA went over to the easels that were setup in the courtroom. Each had a poster board on it, face down. She flipped over the first poster. “Do you recognize this place?”
“Yes, it is the alley where I was attacked.”
She flipped over the second and third poster. It was me—my face all bloodied and bruised and the injuries to my body. “Is this you, Ms. Mariposa?”
“Yes.” I tried to regain my composure.
“Please tell us the extent of your injuries.”
“I had lots of cuts and bruises, stitches. A black eye. Twelve stitches on the back of my head. I had a broken rib and stitches in my back where glass I had landed on cut me.”
“Thank you. Were you able to describe to the police the man who assaulted you?”
“Yes. I spoke with the detectives in the hospital and gave a description.”
“Do you see that man in the court room today?” She moved out of the line of sight between me and my attacker.
“Yes. He’s sitting right there.” I pointed to him.
“Let the record show that the witness has identified the defendant.” She flipped over another poster. This time, it was a drawing and a photo. “Is this the composite that was made based on your description?”
“Yes.”
“This,” she pointed to the picture, “is a mug shot of the defendant. You were extremely accurate. I can see why you get such good grades.”
I just looked at her and nodded. I didn’t think she really wanted any sort of a response. DA Espinoza turned to the defense attorney. “Your witness.”
“Good morning, Ms. Mariposa. How are you doing today?”
Great. What kind of question was that? I’m under oath, so I can’t lie. But, he didn’t really want to know. He was trying to be polite. So, do I do the polite thing or answer completely truthfully? “Okay, I suppose.”
“So, you stated that you came to town with your parents. But you were wandering about downtown alone?”
“I wouldn’t say wandering. I was shopping. But, yes, I was alone.” I didn’t like what he was insinuating.
“Why were you by yourself? Why weren’t you with your parents? A fifteen year-old girl by herself in a big city.”
“My parents wanted to go golfing. I don’t golf. It was morning, not the middle of the night. I preferred to go shopping than sit in the hotel room all day.”
“Are your parents here today?”
My blood ran cold. “No.”
“Why?”
“They had work.”
“Their only daughter has to fly back to the city where she was attacked and they don’t accompany her?”
“Right.”
“Do they blame you for the attack?”
“Objection.” The DA argued. “Calls for speculation.”
“Sustained.” The judge ruled.
“I’ll rephrase. Do you feel like they blame you for the attack?”
My heart was pounding. “Yes.”
“Thank you.” He looked down at his notepad. “You seem to me to be very well-adjusted for someone who has suffered such an attack. You don’t have the signs of someone who has been traumatized. Most victims have a difficult time dealing with their day-to-day activities such as school. You get good grades and are in honors classes. Why is that? Is it because you know that your attempt of getting attention backfired?”
“No. I didn’t try to do that. I would never do that. I would never willingly put myself, or anyone else, through the hell I’ve been through.”
He eyed me critically. “Nothing further.”
The DA stood up, “Redirect, your honor.” The judge nodded.
“Ms. Mariposa, most people do have difficulty maintaining their daily activities. What makes you different?”
“I’m not different. Well, some people drown themselves in drugs or alcohol…to lose themselves. I wasn’t going to let him ruin my future like that. So, I drowned myself in classes and homework instead. I just substituted alcohol and drugs with classes and homework.”
“Thank you. No further questions.”
“Thank you, Ms. Mariposa. You may step down.” The judge dismissed me. “We’ll take a recess for lunch and reconvene at 1:30.” He then struck the gavel.
I sat there frozen in my seat. I felt exhausted. The judge, jurors, defense lawyer and defendant exited the courtroom. It felt like the courtroom emptied way too slowly. DA Espinoza walked up to me. “You did great, Liz. It’s over. You are a very strong young woman.” She patted my arm. “Why don’t you guys go to lunch? I’ll call you, if you need to come back, but I don’t think you will need to.”
“Okay.” I whispered. I finally got enough strength in my legs to get up. I stared at the ground in front me. 
“I’ll let you know when the trial is over and we have a verdict.”
I nodded. You guys, she said. She was referring to me and Patrick. I couldn’t look at him. I was so ashamed about what had happened. I was scared that he realized how unworthy I was of his friendship and that I didn’t deserve all the kindness he and his family had shown me. Tears started falling from my eyes again.
I walked down the few steps that led down the witness stand and a pair of feet met mine at the bottom. 
“Liz.” It was Patrick. I couldn’t say anything and I couldn’t look at him. I just stood there. 
“Liz,” he said even softer. I shook my head and wiped my eyes. He took his hand and lifted my chin until he was looking straight into my eyes. I tried to avoid his gaze by looking down. “Please? I need you to look at me.” 
I wiped my eyes and reluctantly looked up. I took in his face. I could tell he was stunned from what he had heard me say on the stand. He seemed so hard, so angry. I had never seen him look like that. Fresh tears appeared in my eyes. “I’m still here. I told you.” His voice was so gentle and reassuring. He squeezed my hand, “I’m not going anywhere.”
“But, you’re real mad.” I choked out.
He gritted his teeth and swallowed hard. “Yeah.” He looked around the court room and clearly got angrier. “Let’s get out of here.” He gently took my hand led me away from the witness stand.
Detective Peters and the DA were talking outside of the court room. “I heard you did very well in there.” 
“Thanks. You weren’t in there?” I was confused. I know that I wasn’t paying attention to who was in there, but I thought that was the reason he was at the door.
“No. I’m testifying after you.”
“Oh.” That made sense. I didn’t want to make any more small talk. I wanted to leave.
“Look, I don’t know if you kept the number I gave you before.” He handed me a business card for some trauma counselor. “They can really help.” I remembered him trying to give my parents the card, but they wouldn’t take it. When they were talking to the doctor, he gave me the card. I never looked at it again. There was no point. My parents wouldn’t let me see a counselor.
“Thanks.” I took it and shoved it into my pocket. We said goodbye and DA Espinoza repeated that she would call me when everything was done and a verdict was made.



17. REASONS

I couldn’t understand what to make of Patrick’s mood. He was both very angry and gentle with me. His face, his jaw was so tense. The phrase if looks could kill came to mind. It was like he could snap a person in half just by looking at them. I was so scared. Not that he would physically hurt me. I know he wouldn’t do that. No, I was scared that he was mad at me. Mad because I was damaged and not worth the energy, time and friendship that he has spent on me. Or mad that I didn’t tell him sooner, so I had betrayed his friendship or thought less of our friendship.
But then there was his voice. It was controlled, when he spoke to the DA and Detective Peters. But it changed a little when he spoke to me, it was soothing. It was gentle and kind. It was like being wrapped in an embrace that would keep all the bad away.
“What do you want to eat?” There was a sense of urgency in his voice as we walked to the exit of the courthouse.
I shook my head. “I’m not hungry.”
“You need to eat.”
“I’m not hungry.” I insisted.
“If I know you, and I do. You didn’t eat breakfast this morning, didn’t eat much of anything last night, if at all and I know that you didn’t eat lunch yesterday.” He looked at me as we walked. “You need to eat.”
I thought about it a second, and he was right. I probably hadn’t really eaten anything since breakfast yesterday. But I still didn’t feel hungry, I was exhausted and preoccupied with, well, a lot of things, so food wasn’t anywhere on my priority list. I was too worried about what he thought of me and if I had lost him, to be hungry. “I’m not hungry.”
“Fine. Well, I am. So, I’m going to eat and you can just sit there if you want.” He looked at me. “What kind of food do you want to sit near?”
“Doesn’t matter to me.” I shrugged.
“Okay. Good suggestion. Chinese it is. There’s a good place nearby, ate there once when we came up to visit Lindsey.”
As we got closer to the exit, it got more crowded. I tensed up at the thought of walking any distance outside in this city. Patrick didn’t look any better. He put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me closer to him as we walked outside. We walked about two blocks to the restaurant.
It seemed like the restaurant was very busy, there was a line out the door. Patrick led us past the line and inside to the hostess stand. He asked for a table and we were promptly seated. We got a table near the back of the restaurant. It was a round table that could sit four to five people. I didn’t mind it because it gave me a choice of seats to pick. I really hated having my back to the door. I chose the seat where my back would be closest to the wall and I could see my surroundings. Patrick sat beside me, to my left. Despite being lunch time, the sit-down area of the restaurant wasn’t very busy. It seemed that the line out the door was for take-out.
Patrick studied the menu, flipping through the pages. I had the menu open in front of me, but I was more interested in trying to figure out Patrick. His demeanor hadn’t changed. His body language and his tone with me were completely different and it continued to confuse and worry me. 
“What are you getting?” He asked as he continued to look through the menu. I shrugged. He rolled his eyes and sighed. “You are getting something, even if it’s just going to sit in front you looking and smelling good.”
The waitress appeared. “Are you ready to order?” Patrick nodded. “What can I get you?”
“I’ll have the Mongolian Beef with egg rolls and egg drop soup.” He closed his menu.
The waitress nodded and turned to me, “And for you?” I just looked at her and shook my head.
“She’ll have the Cashew Chicken with egg rolls and egg drop soup.” Patrick responded. 
“Anything to drink?”
“Two root beers.” He handed the waitress our menus and she left. 
Patrick sat there like he was boiling over in anger. His eyes flashed with frenzy and his jaw tightened. His fists were clenched on the table. I knew I should say something, but what? I said the only thing I could think of, “I’m sorry.” My head was down in shame.
“Sorry?” His voice dripped with sarcasm. “What for?” He stared at me, his eyes tightened. “You have nothing to be sorry for. You didn’t do anything wrong.” He was mad. No, not mad. Furious.
The waitress returned with our drinks. She put some forks down and left. I stared at my drink.
“Yes, I did. This whole mess is my fault. I shouldn’t have gone shopping that day. I should have told you a long time ago. I shouldn’t have had you come. I should have told you before coming here, before finding out like that. I did everything wrong. That’s why you’re so angry.”
He shook his head. “Yes, I’m angry as hell. But not at you.” He banged his fist on the table and his voice started to drip with frustration. “It was real hard to hear. I just wanted to beat the hell out of the guy. I’m angry at your parents for blaming you, for making you suffer by yourself.” Through gritted teeth, he admitted, “I’m sorry. I’m not handling this very well.” 
Huh? He’s not mad at me? I whispered, “I don’t…understand.”
He took a deep breath and exhaled. “Yeah, I was caught off guard. I wasn’t expecting to hear what I heard, what had happened to you.” I felt horrible for putting Patrick through all of this. “But I’m glad I did. It…” He looked at me apologetically, “It explains a lot.” His hands started to relax a little. “Part of me understands why you didn’t and couldn’t say anything before. I don’t blame you. I wish you did, I really wish you did. I feel bad that this happened to you and that you have been dealing with this alone. You shouldn’t have. You didn’t need to be.”
“What was I supposed to do?” I couldn’t help but get defensive.
“I’m not accusing you of anything.”
“How was I supposed to tell you? Ask you how your spring break was? What did you do for your vacation? Oh? Me? Yeah, I went to San Francisco and was brutally attacked. My parents blame me. They pretend it didn’t happen. Actually, the truth is that they think I deserved what happened to me. Kinda like an ‘I told you so’ type thing.” I stopped suddenly when I saw the waitress appear again, this time with our soups. I waited until she left. “I’m sorry. I just…” I shook my head. “I didn’t know how to tell you what happened. How damaged I am. How I let myself… How I was found in the trash.”
“Stop that. Don’t you get it? It wasn’t your fault. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Yeah, but.” I tried to interrupt, but he wouldn’t let me.
“Liz, sometimes you do everything right and things still don’t turn out the way you want. You did everything you could. You fought back. He could have…”
“I know. He could have raped me, like the others. It’s almost as if he had.” I stammered.
“But he didn’t. He didn’t because you fought back and didn’t give up. I’m proud of you.” He put his hand on mine and lightly squeezed it.
“I don’t understand why.” I really didn’t. It made no sense. My parents weren’t.
“You survived. You’ve been through hell, you’re kind of still in it, without the support of your parents. Despite them. You are stronger than you think.”
“I’m broken.”
“For now, maybe. Because you had no one to talk to about it. But you won’t always be that way.” The waitress brought us our entrees. We hadn’t even started our soups. “You can start by eating something.” He pushed my soup and plate closer to me. I stared at the food. “Look, it was a hard morning for me. It was much, much harder for you. I’m hungry, but I’m not eating until you do.”
I kept staring at the food. I really didn’t want to eat. I couldn’t. He couldn’t be serious, could he?
Patrick sighed, “Haven’t you put me through enough? Now, you’re going to starve me, too?”
I looked at him. I felt crushed. My face fell. I did hurt him. I felt like I was kicked in the gut.
“I’m kidding, Liz. I’m kidding.” He shook my arm. “Just a joke. A bad one. I’m sorry.” He cracked a little hopeful smile. “I was just trying to get you to eat. See…” He took a spoonful of his soup. “Forget I said it.”
I still felt bad. There had to be some truth behind what he said, or he wouldn’t have said it. Right? I really wanted to know. I looked at him, “Patrick? Can I ask you something?”
“Will you eat something?” He asked again. I didn’t want to. I wasn’t hungry. I didn’t feel like it. He looked at me, really frustrated. “Okay, how about this? Tell me why you won’t eat. You got to be stubborn about it for a reason. Why? The truth. Remember, you’re still under oath.”
“The truth.” He knew the worst thing about me. I might as well tell him what he wanted to know. It took too much energy to deflect or hold back anymore. “It’s about control. When I feel like I’m losing or lost control, it’s the one thing that I can control. When everything is spiraling out of my control, the only thing I can control is what goes into my mouth.”
“Don’t you feel awful? Doesn’t it hurt? I mean, your body needs food. Headaches? Faintness? That kind of stuff?”
“The truth?” I asked. Patrick nodded. “Yeah, but I guess that’s part of it too.” I looked at him, and it was clear, he didn’t understand what I meant. “Well, it’s a way to feel…to, I guess, physically hurt to try to override the emotional hurt. I don’t know if that makes sense to you.” I shook my head. “Well, it’s my logic behind it. Might be warped logic, but it’s my logic. I had been doing better at, well, not doing it. Like I said this morning, basically, I replace one behavior with another. ”
“How long have you been doing this?”
“Maybe since junior high. It was my way of dealing with stuff. Or not. Like after the attack, I did it more often, and for longer times. I went five days once. I know it’s not right for me to do this, that I’m really just hurting myself. Believe me, I know. Anyway, I was doing better. I wasn’t feeling as helpless and out of control as often. Then I got the subpoena. And it all came back to me.”
“How long?”
“Three days. That was the last time. Well, not including now.”
“So, that was…a couple weeks before the carnival?”
“Yeah. How did you know?”
“Well, we were working on that kinetic energy lab and you were making little mistakes. Like you really couldn’t concentrate. It wasn’t anything major, but something seemed off. To be honest…that was the first time that I noticed something was different about you.”
“Great.” I rolled my eyes.
“No, I mean, that there was more to you than what you showed in class. You were more… I don’t know. Complex.”
“I never considered myself simple, so I guess complex is good.” 
“Yes, complex is good.” He grinned then became thoughtful. “And the other week? When your mom found out about the solo?”
“Yeah.” I admitted. “Not nearly as long. About a day and a half.”
“Hmm…I can’t believe I didn’t notice you not eating.”
“That was the idea. I was in control of it…me…what others saw or thought they saw.” I sighed. It was quiet for a couple minutes. “Wait, you didn’t answer my question. Actually, I didn’t get a chance to ask it.” 
He grinned at me, “Well, since you are the captain of this ship, go ahead.”
I laughed, “Okay.” I took a bite of my food. “So, now, it’s your turn for the truth. I need the truth.”
“Always. I’ve never lied to you.”
“Ok. True. And I don’t want you to censor yourself. I want the whole truth.”
“Alright.” His eyes were open wide, there was no deception or reservation behind them.
“If I had told you earlier…about what happened…would you have come?”
“Of course. Did you think I wouldn’t?” I looked at him and shrugged my shoulders. “You couldn’t have stopped me. No one could have. The only thing I ever wanted was to be your friend. Nothing has or ever will change that. I don’t care what’s happened to you, that doesn’t change us.”
“I was afraid you’d abandon me, like my mom and dad did. Clearly, I’m not worthy of my parents’ love. If they are supposed to love me and don’t…or can’t because of what happened…how could I believe that I’m worthy of you? That I wouldn’t lose my best friend?” I bit my lip. The words came out before I could stop them.
He smiled, “And as your best friend, I would never leave you. You’re too…”
“Screwed up?” I interjected.
“That’s part of your charm.” He laughed. “No, silly, special to me.”
I didn’t know exactly what to say. It was weird to be at a loss for words for something good. “Thanks.” It felt good. I felt good. I smiled and finished up my egg roll. 
The waitress came back, refilled our drinks and took away the empty plates. “How is everything? Do you need anything?”
“Good. Good.” Patrick told her. He looked at me and beamed a mischievous grin, “Another order of Cashew Chicken?” I shook my head. He turned back to the waitress, “I think we could go for some dessert wontons. You have got to try these!”
The waitress smiled, “They are really good. Sharing?” Patrick nodded. She turned and left. I finished up the last few bites of my chicken.
“So, how was your Cashew Chicken?” Patrick asked as he looked down at my empty plate.
“Real good. You were right, this place is good.”
“Ahh…one of my favorite phrases, ‘You were right.’” He laughed. “So, we have a few hours before our flight. What do you want to do?”
“Do?”
“Do. Go? We can’t exactly spend the next five hours sitting here. I don’t mind, but I think the restaurant might.”
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen much of San Francisco. My itinerary got interrupted last time I was here.” I shrugged with a little smile. “But I have seen one of the fine hospitals in the area. So, I think I can do without checking them out again.” The waitress returned with our dessert.
“Guess I’ll have to cross that off my list. How about the Exploratorium, Zoo, or art museum?” He offered me the first cream-cheese filled, sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar wonton.
“Sure. Those all sound good.” I took a bite of the wonton. “Wow! This is good!” I grabbed another one.
Patrick laughed. “I’m right again, huh?” He laughed louder. “Preferences?”
“No. Like I said, they all sound fun. I leave the choice in your hands, let’s see if you are three for three.” I laughed. “Have you been to any of them before?”
“Yeah. They are all great.”
“And your favorite? You have to have a favorite…”
He slyly grinned, “Yeah, I do. But you’ll have to figure out which one.” He looked at his watch. “We have time to go to at least two of them, maybe even all three, if we tried. You up for it? A whirlwind tour of the sights?”
“Sure. Sounds fun.”



18. NEW MEMORIES

We finished up dessert, in no time. Like I said, it was really good. Patrick asked the waitress to call us a cab and paid the bill. He wouldn’t accept my money to chip in for the bill. He kept telling me not to worry about it, it was his treat. Our cab arrived and we headed to our first destination: the art museum. 
We got to the museum. Patrick was an awesome docent. I figured that since he was taking Art History, he’d know a lot about the artwork. He did. What I didn’t realize was that he and his family visited the museums in the area every time they came up to visit Lindsey. He showed me all his favorite pieces in the museum. It was like having my own personal tour guide of the museum. Patrick would animatedly describe each painting, including the artist and style. Admittedly, we were a little louder than your typical art patron in a museum. We kept getting hushed as we rushed from one painting to another which only made us laugh harder.
Nearby was the Exploratorium, so we headed there next. There were so many hands-on exhibits, I didn’t know where to start. Luckily, Patrick did. He had a plan of attack to check out as many of the exhibits in optimal time. A science center is a place to see the world of science through the eyes of a kid. It was like Disneyland. So, it didn’t have the rides, characters, or fireworks, but it was fun in its own way. You could act like a kid, even if you weren’t, and no one looked at you funny. Besides, Disneyland’s rides and stuff wouldn’t exist without science, so, they were similar. Okay, that’s just another example of my unique logic.
Patrick called his sister to let her know where we were and what our plan was for the rest of the day. She was going to pick us up and hang out with us at the zoo. They both had zoo memberships. We still had over three hours before we had to be at the airport. So, even if we couldn’t see the entire zoo, we could check out a large part. And at the rate we were blazing through our tourist spots, it should be plenty of time. We were in the gift shop when Lindsey called to let us know she was outside the science center. The three of us headed to the zoo.
Lindsey, who was taking a photography class this semester, took lots of pictures. She took pictures of plants, animals, and people. She seemed to like taking candid pictures of people. She must have spent half the time at the zoo behind the lens. She had taken pictures of Patrick and me in those cutouts where you stick your face in the holes where the faces of characters should be. We each took turns behind the camera to take pictures of the other two behind the goofy poses of characters. 
We visited many of the areas at the zoo. The African Savanna and Penguin Island were two of my favorites. One of the cool things I had a chance to do was feed a giraffe. Patrick laughed when the giraffe drooled all over my hand and I made a face. It was very cool and very gross at the same time.
We took a little break at one of the zoo’s cafes. Patrick got in line to order for us, while Lindsey and I sat down at a nearby table. “So, how are the guys doing?”
“Guys?” I didn’t follow.
“Yeah, you know, the crew…Bobby, Jason, Tony and Kraig. How are they doing?”
“Good.”
“They’re good guys.”
“Yeah, they are.”
“Did you know them before?”
“Knew them a little. I had Bobby in history and math with Kraig last year.”
“What about Emily, Cassie and…Becca?”
“Doing ok.”
“Are you close with them? Sit with them during the games?”
“Not really. Well, with most of them—Tony, Kraig, Emily and Cassie. Becca usually sits with her friends, if she comes.”
Lindsey looked at me curiously, “Really? She doesn’t hang out with you guys at the games? Well, I guess I shouldn’t be that surprised.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well…” She glanced back at Patrick, who was still in line. “I love my brother. I think he’s smart, funny, and kind. He always sees the best in people. But I really don’t get what he sees in her. I just don’t get it, but she seems to have him snowed or something. Or, he’s blind to it. I don’t know which.” She looked back at her brother. “We went to the San Diego Zoo last summer. Becca came with us. I don’t know which she did more—paw all over Patrick or try to kiss up to my parents. My parents were not impressed, they saw through her, always trying to be the center of attention. Like when we took pictures at the cutouts there, she didn’t want to do it. She got Patrick to focus on her by trying to convince her to get in the picture. She didn’t want to do it just because I suggested it. I don’t know why she came. She didn’t have any interest in seeing the animals, or even letting Patrick or the rest of us watch them. Anytime I talked to Patrick, she got all clingy, interrupted us, or tried to distract him…stuff like that.”
A look of disgust crossed her face. “Please! I’m his sister. Yeah, he didn’t see her games. You know guys, clueless. So, if she’ll play these games with me…you need to watch your back with her. I’m surprised they’re still together. We keep hoping he’ll come to his senses and see her for what she is.” She shook her head. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to unload on you.”
“That’s okay. It’s nice to know that I’m not the only one who noticed…how she is. I thought I was imagining it.”
“So, hey, what about you?” I looked blankly at her. I had no idea what she was talking about. “Any guys you’re interested in?”
“Nah. I’m not exactly looking at the moment.” The thought of it freaked me out. I couldn’t imagine dating a guy…
“What about Kraig?” Lindsey asked. 
“He’s okay.” What did she want me to say?
“Are you going to the Winter Formal?”
“No.”
“Isn’t the rest of the crew going?”
“Most of them, I think. Tony is asking some girl from his history class.”
“And Kraig?” I got the feeling she was trying to play matchmaker.
Patrick arrived with our food. “Kraig? What about him?”
“Is Kraig planning on going to the dance?” Lindsey innocently asked him.
“Yeah, I think he is.” Patrick passed out the food that was on the tray.
“With anyone? Or stag?” 
“Stag.” Patrick seemed to pick up on what Lindsey was going after. 
“Maybe he could take Liz, so the whole crew is there.”
“That’s good idea.”
“I’m not looking for a date.” I finally got a chance to interrupt.
“No. Not a date.” Patrick reassured me as I shot him a pleading look. “I know you don’t want that.” 
Did he? I would have thought that after today he would.
“No, just so that you have someone to hang out with at the dance.” Lindsey seemed to pick up my wish to not have a date right now.
“I think it would be great if you went. It’ll be fun.”
“Fun? I don’t think that tripping and falling while I attempt to dance constitutes fun.” I could just imagine making a fool of myself as I fell attempting to dance.
“You don’t have to dance, if you don’t want to. Just hang out.” Patrick smiled, “Do me a favor, come and save me the trouble of telling you what happened.”
I looked at him and smirked. He knew what words would make me comply, do me a favor. Patrick always did so much for me and never really asked much of me. Besides, there was something about how he asked… “Fine. Only if Kraig wants to. If he already had plans, then you can’t ask him to change them.”
“Oh yeah, of course.” He agreed.
“Seriously, Patrick. I don’t want to be fixed up, this is not a date and he needs to be clear on that. I don’t think of him that way.” I don’t think of anyone that way.
“I know. I know.” He put his hand on my arm. “Relax. Can I call him?”
I rolled my eyes and sighed, “Sure.” I looked at the fries on the table. “We need ketchup.” I got up to find the condiment area. Just because Patrick was going to call Kraig now, didn’t mean I had to sit and watch him do it.
From a short distance, I watched Patrick on the phone talking to Kraig. It was fine with me if Kraig didn’t want to go with me. I could just stay home, something I planned to do to begin with. But, I guess, part of me did want to go to the dance. I just didn’t want to go alone. Going stag with a friend would be okay. I could deal with that. I slowly counted out ketchup packets and walked back over to our table. Patrick just finished up his quick conversation with Kraig. Quick. Too quick? That could mean anything.
I sat down and dropped the ketchup on the table. “Well, that was fast. I didn’t really want to go anyway.”
“No, he said it was a great idea and he’d be happy to take you.” He shrugged nonchalantly.
“As friends…right?” I wanted to be sure of that.
“Yeah, as friends.” Patrick opened up the ketchup packets and squirted it onto the fries. “Don’t worry about it. You’ll have fun.” He popped a couple fries into his mouth and grinned.
“Hey, guys. I want a picture.” Lindsey seemed excited that her idea had taken shape. Her matchmaking of sorts, worked.
“You and your pictures.” Patrick teased. He picked up her camera and took some pictures of Lindsey and me. We decided to act especially goofy while he took pictures. 
After about a dozen more poses, Lindsey took the camera from him. “My turn.” She got up, went over to Patrick and pushed him over to my side of the table. “Go.”
Patrick sat down next to me and rested his arm on my shoulder. We smiled as Lindsey took some pictures. Next thing I knew, Patrick stole one of my chicken fingers. I tried to grab it back from him, but he held it out beyond my reach. Each time I tried to get it, he pulled it away from me. It was like a weird game of keep away. Finally, I got up and ran over to his other side to grab it. He switched hands and still kept it out of my reach. It wasn’t about the food, it was about winning the game. A game which kept all three of us laughing, that Lindsey got pictures of and that I would never win. 
Eventually, we calmed down enough to sit and eat our food. We hung out at the café, took some more pictures and laughed. We visited some more animals including the meerkats. It was interesting to see how they worked together to keep the entire group safe. There was definitely a community feel.
Time flew by at the zoo. Before I knew it, we had to get to the airport. I wasn’t looking forward to getting back home. I would have preferred to stay in San Francisco. Wow, I never thought I would ever think that. But thanks to Patrick and Lindsey, it was true. At least in San Francisco with them versus being alone, this visit will have very different memories—especially the afternoon. Being alone sucked, no matter where I was.
Lindsey took us to the airport. This time, I sang along with some of the songs she played because I was having fun instead of blocking out reality. We said our goodbyes at the airport curb.
Lindsey hugged me, “I want you to enjoy the Winter Formal. Have fun. Kraig is a great guy…and cute.” I made a face and Patrick chuckled. She winked, “I know, I know, you don’t think of him that way. But, just keep an open mind. You never know what your heart wants until it wants it.” I nodded. It was nice to have someone that was like a big sister to me. “And don’t forget, I want a picture of you guys.” She pointed to both of us.
“Don’t I always give you one? I only give them to mom and you.” Patrick retorted. Lindsey laughed. “Thanks so much for everything. I really appreciate it.”
“Me too. Thanks, Lindsey. It was really great meeting you and hanging out.”
“Glad to do it. I’ll send you a link to the pictures tonight. Anytime you guys want to come up, just let me know! I had fun.”
“I’ll call you when I get home. Thanks again.” He hugged his sister and we turned to walk into the airport.
We found our gate and sat down to wait for our flight. It was delayed. I didn’t mind the delay. If it kept me from going home and not having to deal with my parents, I was fine with it. While Patrick called his parents to let them know that we were delayed and when we were expected to arrive, I went over the day in my head. So much had happened. It was its own rollercoaster.
“How are you doing, Liz?” His voice slightly startled me and I snapped out of my trance. “You okay?”
“Yeah. Just a long day.” I rubbed my neck. “Long day…”
“But you got through it.”
I cracked a smile, “Yeah, I did. Thanks to you.”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“You did a lot. A lot.” I hugged him. I felt tired. “Today has felt like a week. This morning feels so far away. Don’t get me wrong. I’m glad. Really glad that it’s over and that you know what happened. That I don’t have to hide it. I felt bad about not telling you, but I didn’t…” I shook my head.
“It’s okay. Don’t worry about it. Point is, I know now. And I’m still here for you—whatever you need.” He patted my knee. “Hey! So, you figure out which place we went to was my favorite?”
I looked at him, eyed him up and down. “I have an idea.”
“Yeah?” There was something sly in his smile. “Go for it.”
“Ok. Well…” I was pretty sure I knew. But I really hate it if I was wrong. I took a deep breath. “The art museum, zoo and Exploratorium.”
“Can you be more specific?” He challenged.
“Hmmm… More specific, huh? There was the Magritte at the art museum, on the second floor. The giraffes at the zoo and…the ‘Make your own telescope’ exhibit at the Exploratorium.” I looked at him squarely, watching his reaction.
“Well, that’s more specific.” His eyes were curious and he looked like he was trying to hold in laughter.
“What? Am I wrong? I thought I nailed it.”
He laughed out loud, “No, you’re not wrong.”
“I knew it.” I grinned. I was proud of myself. “I may not have won the ‘grab back the chicken finger’ game.” I said mockingly. “But I won this one.”
“Yeah, you won this one. How did you know?”
“That’s for me to know and you to wonder about.” I teased.
“Come on, Liz. Tell me.”
“I told you, you’re my best friend. I know you.”
“Okay. True. But how did you know which thing at each place? I didn’t think you’d be able to name all three right.”
“I’m pretty observant. I’m not completely self-absorbed, you know.”
“I know. But am I that easy to read?”
“No, you aren’t. I just pay attention to details, the little things. You just seemed to have the most fun at the Magritte, the giraffes, and telescope exhibits.”
“I had fun at all three places. I really liked showing them all to you.” He did seem to have fun. Relaxed. I think that it did us both some good today.
“I know. But you got really…I don’t know…energetic? Your face lit up even more…not sure how to describe it, but your excitement about it was contagious. They winded up being some of my favorites too.” I laughed at the memory of Patrick at the giraffes. “Like at the zoo, I could tell that the giraffes were your favorite animal. It was clear. You were like a little kid all excited. We could have stood there all day watching and feeding them, if we had the time.”
“Yeah.” He admitted. “I could watch the giraffes for hours. That’s why I brought you there last. If we went to the zoo first, we never would have gotten to the Exploratorium or the art museum.” 
I bit my lip. “Mind if I ask you something?”
“No, what?”
“What were you thinking about at the giraffes? I mean, you really did seem like a little boy, in a good way… What makes them special for you? Why are they your favorite?” 
His eyebrows raised, “Wow, you do notice things. I thought about the first time I got to feed a giraffe. I was around Andy’s age and we did this safari caravan thing at the San Diego Wild Animal Park, where we got to drive into exhibits. I got to feed a giraffe. It ate right out of my hand and tried to lick my cap. I used to imagine playing basketball with them. Since then, it’s been my favorite animal.”
“And…so…why did you seem to get sad for a second? Did something happen?” Patrick looked at me, his face scrunched up. I got scared that I hit a nerve. “Never mind, you don’t have to tell me. I didn’t mean to pry. Forget I said anything.”
“No… I always said I’d tell you the truth and answer anything you asked.” He sighed deeply. “It’s stupid.”
“Hey, you always told me whatever I thought or felt wasn’t stupid. So, are you wrong or are you right?” I teased him. “And here I thought you were always right.”
Patrick suppressed a little laugh, “Ok. Well, the last time I went to the zoo was last summer. Becca came with me and my family to the San Diego Zoo.” He looked a little sad at the memory. I remembered what Lindsey had told me about that trip. “When we got to the giraffes, she kept complaining about the smell, since they were near the rhinos and saying how they were really awkward, funny looking animals. She kept trying to drag me off to get something to eat or to shop or something. We were there, for like 2 minutes, when I couldn’t take her bitching anymore about them. So, we left.”
“I’m sorry.” It didn’t seem like he had much fun during that visit either.
“It’s not your fault. I should never have brought Becca to the zoo, I thought it would be fun and she would get to know my family better.” He shook his head and shrugged his shoulders. “Anyway…I’m glad we completed our whirlwind tour. Much better sites to see than the last time you were here, right?” He grinned.
“Let’s see…museum, science center and zoo with you and Lindsey…compared to an alley and the hospital by myself. Gee, tough decision.” I said sarcastically. “How will I ever decide?”
Reluctantly, we took out our physics notes to study for tomorrow’s quiz while we waited for our plane to arrive. It was a reminder of the reality that I would soon have to return to. Parts of it, I didn’t mind. Like school, or at least certain classes, I didn’t mind so much. Going back home and having to face my parents, I could do without. But, I had no choice. Oh well. 
Just as we were finishing up our review, our plane arrived at the gate. We put our stuff back into our backpacks and got in line to board. I couldn’t help but yawn. Man, I was tired. 
“Tired, huh?” Patrick put his arm on my shoulder.
“Yeah. Suddenly, I feel so tired. Like I could sleep for days.” It was true. I felt like I could barely keep my eyes open and my body felt so heavy.
“You should get some sleep on the ride back.” 
“I’ve never been able to sleep on a plane, but this time, I might actually be able to.” I was always uncomfortable sleeping on a plane, because if anything happened, I wanted to be awake. That something could be the flight attendant coming by, someone sitting next to me having to use the restroom, anything. Also, I never really trusted strangers, even before my attack. I guess that’s why I took on so much blame, I was aware of my surroundings and I still got attacked. So, sleeping on a plane, while it was an enclosed space, still required an amount of trust that I never had, even with my parents flying with me. This time, I was exhausted and, more importantly, I knew that I could trust that Patrick wouldn’t let anyone hurt me.
Patrick found our seats and let me slide in first. We put our stuff away and settled into our seats. Patrick asked a flight attendant for a blanket. After getting the blanket, I was asleep before we took off. I don’t even remember hearing the usual emergency instructions.
* * *
I felt my arm shake and heard my name from the darkness of sleep. “Liz…” 
I slowly opened my eyes to figure out where I was. When I realized I had fallen asleep on Patrick’s shoulder, I sat upright, embarrassed. “Uh. Sorry about that.”
“It’s okay. That’s not why I woke you.” Patrick handed me a cup of water. “We’re landing soon. I didn’t think you’d want to wake to the plane shaking as it landed.”
“Thanks. Yeah, it probably would have freaked me out.” I quickly drank the water. It felt good. My mouth was so dry. “I’m glad you woke me. I might have woken up screaming or something when the plane landed. That would have been bad.”
“Yeah, I don’t think that the rest of passengers would have reacted well.” He laughed.
Sometimes it was scary to think how well Patrick knew me. Most of the time, though, it was nice. Nice to know I had a friend that I didn’t have to put up a facade for. I folded up the blanket, to try to fully wake myself up. I was still really tired and couldn’t help but yawn.
Once we landed and pulled up to the gate, Patrick called home. “Hi, Dad. Yeah, we’ve landed. The flight was fine. It was a long day, Liz slept the entire way back.” There was a short pause. “That’s a good idea. Okay, bye.”
“What’s a good idea?” I was still tired, but I knew I missed something.
“My dad suggested that I drive you home and he’ll pick me up at your place. You know, to save you the extra drive.” 
“I don’t mind taking you home. After all you did for me. It’s the least I can do.”
“But you’re tired. I would feel better if you were at home sleeping instead of dropping me off and driving home by yourself.” I couldn’t help but make a face. “Besides, it’d make my folks worry about you, and you wouldn’t want that. Now, would you?”
Great. Make me feel bad that his parents would worry about me. “No, I don’t.”
“So, let’s drive you home and my dad will just pick me up there.”
I was too exhausted to fight it and it did make sense. “Wait. He doesn’t know where I live.”
Patrick looked at me a little guilty. “I left your address on the fridge, along with your phone number. Just in case. My folks are cool, they just like information, in case of emergencies and stuff.”
I wished my parents were more like his—protectiveness balanced with understanding and trust. People you could have a healthy relationship with. Nope, not going to happen with my parents.
Patrick wouldn’t let me drive home. He insisted on driving my car. To be honest, I knew he was right and I shouldn’t be driving, so I let him. When we got there, his dad was already parked in front of my house.
We walked over to his dad, who sat in his car. “Hi, Dad.”
“Mr. Connor, thank you for letting Patrick come. It really helped me…a lot. Made a big difference.”
“You’re welcome. I’m glad he’s a good friend and helped.”
I smiled, “Yes, he’s a great friend. Lindsey was great too. We all went to the zoo this afternoon and had a lot of fun.”
“That’s good.” Mr. Connor smiled back. “Liz, if you need anything, Mrs. Connor and I are here. You are always welcome at the house. “
“Thank you.” I shook his hand. Patrick walked me to the front door. “Somehow, ‘thank you’, doesn’t seem enough. But I don’t know what else to say.”
“It’s more than you have to.”
I hugged him tightly. I pulled away and looked across the street at his dad. “If your parents ask what happened… I understand if you have to tell them. I don’t want you to lie to them because of me. It’s okay with me if you tell them, I trust you. I just don’t want anyone at school to know. I’m not ready for that. I don’t know if I’ll ever be ready for that.”
“Okay. Don’t worry. If my folks ask, I won’t go into details. But I won’t tell anyone else. This is for you to tell, whenever you are ready and want to.” He hugged me. “Go, get some rest. I’ll see you early tomorrow at Mr. D’s for the make-up quiz.”
“Okay. Night.”
“Good night, Liz.”
I unlocked the door and walked inside. I saw him walk to his dad’s car and waved back at me. He got into the car and they drove off. The house was just as I left it in the morning—dark and quiet. I got a glass of water and headed to my room. I looked down the hall at my parent’s room. A light flickered underneath the door, they were watching television. I went to their door and knocked.
“Yeah?” My dad answered through the closed door.
“I’m home. My flight was delayed.”
“Okay.”
That was it. That was the extent of my conversation with my dad upon coming home after testifying in court against a guy who attacked me. So, I got ready for bed, went to my room and shut the door. I fell asleep, exhausted.



19. BACK TO REALITY

I drove to school early the next morning to make up my physics quiz. The parking lot was virtually empty when I pulled in. Maybe in my rush to avoid my parents this morning, I got to school too early. Patrick’s car wasn’t there yet.
I didn’t like the idea of walking through an empty campus by myself and just sitting outside of Mr. D’s room in the cold. I decided to just wait in my car until I knew that Mr. D was there or Patrick showed up.
It was weird. Yesterday already seemed so long ago, but seemed like it just happened, raw. I couldn’t believe I was on this side of it. The trial, at least for me, was over. I tried to put it out of my mind, so I could review for the quiz. I pulled out my book and stared at the pages. I was so tired that this stuff seemed a lifetime ago. I had to concentrate, focus. But, my mind kept drifting to yesterday. It started with anxiety, fear, and shame. Somehow, it turned to cathartic and fun. I had fun yesterday, after all my gut-wrenching testimony and soul-bearing lunch.
As emotionally difficult as it was, I wasn’t alone. Alone was originally what it was going to be, especially if my parents had any say. Thankfully, they didn’t. Patrick was there. Not only did he keep me company, but he didn’t judge me. I couldn’t believe that he accepted me for me. My parents, who were supposed to love me, no matter what, couldn’t do that. I was lucky to have him as a friend.
I wanted to do something to show him my heartfelt appreciation for not abandoning me like my family had, especially since he knew the truth. But what? A gift card or CD would never be a proper thank you for someone who saved your life—twice! I had to keep thinking about it. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a car park next to me—Patrick’s.
We walked to Mr. D’s room. When we got there, the door was locked. I guess he wasn’t there yet.
Patrick looked at his watch, “He’s usually here by now. Mr. D should be here soon.”
Sure enough, as soon as Patrick spoke, we saw Mr. D walking toward us. He unlocked the door and let us in. “Good morning, guys. How was yesterday?”
We put our stuff down at our table. I wasn’t prepared for that question. Mr. D was a good teacher who cared. He had given me so much slack and understanding with things. He deserved the truth, at the very least he didn’t deserve a lie. “Over. The morning was…rough. I would have rather been in your class than there.”
Patrick took the copies of the quiz that Mr. D handed him. “Liz did great. I’m proud of her. You would have been too.”
“That’s good to hear. I’m sure I would have. Well, I’ll let you guys work on the quiz. You can use your calculators.” Mr. D smiled and turned to update the whiteboard with today’s homework assignment.
It took a while to focus, but once I got past the first problem, I was able to. I finished the quiz just a few minutes before the bell would ring. I walked up to Mr. D’s desk to turn it in. As I walked back to my chair, I was hit with a wad of paper.
“You don’t look sick. Where were you yesterday?” Joey threw another wad of paper at me. That was something that I didn’t miss.
“Not here.” I simply said and tried to go to my seat, but Joey stood in my way.
He looked at me sourly. “Did you know Patrick was gone yesterday too?”
“Really? Are you asking him if he was sick too?” I knew he wouldn’t.
“Just weird that the two of you were gone on the same day.” I didn’t know what he was insinuating and I didn’t care.
“Why? ‘Cause no one else would answer Mr. D’s questions?” I stared at him and waited for an answer. Joey rolled his eyes at me.
Patrick came up to us. “What’s up, Joey?”
“Nothing. Liz and I were just talking.” Joey raised his eyebrows and grinned.
“Hey, Liz, I heard you weren’t at school either yesterday. Where were you?” Patrick curiously looked at me. 
Joey looked surprised. I went along with Patrick’s setup. “Yeah, I wasn’t feeling good.”
“That’s too bad. I was hoping I could borrow your notes.” Patrick smiled.
“Sorry. Wish I could help.” I laughed. “I guess we’ll both be playing catch-up today.”
“Please…like either one of you is ever lost in class.” Joey huffed and walked away.
The bell rang and the school day officially began. Joey may think that I’m never lost in class, but I knew that wasn’t always true. Today, was going to be a challenge. But, I guess, not nearly as hard as coming back after missing several weeks recovering from my injuries. If I was able to catch up after that, one day shouldn’t be all that bad.
* * *
Becca waited at the door of our English classroom when the bell rang for lunch. She threw her arms around Patrick, “Paddy! I missed you so much!”
“Hey, Becks.” He smiled and hugged her. She popped up on her toes and kissed him.
“Hi, Becca.” I spoke while she was still sucking on Patrick’s face. It didn’t stop her though. She took her time kissing Patrick. I guess she really did miss him.
We started walking to our usual table in the quad. She grabbed his hand and started swinging it. She began to pout. “Why’d you have to go to San Francisco?”
Crap. What the hell? I didn’t know that she knew. I knew he wasn’t one to lie. And I knew he wasn’t going to tell her about what happened to me, but what was he going to say? My eyes bugged out of my head and I nervously stared at him. Of course, Becca didn’t notice my reaction at all, which was good, ‘cause it was obvious something was going through my mind. 
Patrick didn’t miss a beat. He nonchalantly replied, “I told you. I went to visit Lindsey.”
I relaxed. He managed to tell the truth and keep me out of it. Wow.
However, Becca didn’t like his answer and whined. “But why? I missed you. Did you have to go visit her?”
He pulled her close to him and wrapped his arm around her. “Come on, don’t be that way. She’s my sister and I’ll visit her whenever I want.”
Her brilliant response? “Hmph.”
The three of us met up with the rest of the crew. I sat down at the table next to Emily. “How you doing, Liz? I missed you yesterday. Feeling better?”
“Yeah, better than when I woke up, that’s for sure.” That was no lie. It was a nice thought, that I was missed.
“Hey, Patrick!” Emily called out across the table, interrupting the guys talking. “How’s your sister doing?”
He smiled. “Good. I was just telling the guys it was great seeing her. She’s loving Stanford, but misses it down here. I wish I could have hung out with her longer. But she’ll be down for Thanksgiving next week. Oh! That reminds me. We’re doing our Thanksgiving Leftover Party next Friday. Everyone can make it, right?”
I looked around the table and the crew nodded in agreement. Becca bubbled over with excitement. I turned to Emily and softly asked, “Thanksgiving Leftover Party? What’s that?”
She smiled and explained it to me. “It’s pretty cool. The Connors have a big family Thanksgiving dinner. But the day after, they invite friends and some family for a party with the leftovers from the day before. His mom and Lindsey get pretty creative reinventing the leftover turkey and veggies. It’s always a lot of fun and a lot of food. You’re coming, right?”
“Maybe.” I wasn’t sure about my family’s plan was for Thanksgiving. Some years we went out of town, to visit family or vacation. Otherwise, we did something at home or at one of my cousin’s houses that lived in town. If I got to stay in town, I definitely wanted to go. I couldn’t predict what we’d do for Thanksgiving or Christmas and I wasn’t about to start trying now. I’d just have to ask.
Emily and Bobby took turns describing last year’s leftover party. I think they were hoping to convince me to change my ‘maybe’ to a ‘yes’, not understanding that it wasn’t up to me. I appreciated that they really wanted me to go, though. It felt good to be accepted by them. Really good.
* * *
That night during dinner, I asked my folks what the plan was for Thanksgiving. I should have seen it coming, but I guess, I always hope for something that won’t happen with them. It was a good thing I asked toward the end of dinner, because I immediately lost my appetite after receiving their answer.
I brushed my teeth, changed into my nightshirt and climbed into bed. I called up Patrick, “Hi.”
It was really good to hear the voice of someone who cared, right about now. “Hey, Liz! Can you come to the party? Are you staying home?”
Am I staying home? Hmph. “Yeah, I am. So, I’ll be there.”
He pulled back on his enthusiasm and was empathetic, “If you don’t want to, I understand. There’ll be a bunch of people you don’t know. They’re all family and friends, so you’ll be safe. I promise, you’ll have fun. Trust me.”
Trust him. He was the only person I completely trusted. “I do. That’s not it…”
“Did they not want to let you go?” Confusion was setting in.
“That’s not it…exactly.” How do I explain it? Do I want to relive it? I pulled the covers over my head and curled into a ball. I held the phone close to my ear and lowered my voice even more. “My parents…”
“What happened?” It was almost like he was afraid to ask. I didn’t blame him. I was almost afraid to say.
“Basically…my dad has some business trip early next week. My mom is going with him because she always wanted to go to Toronto. They are going to make a vacation out of it. Go up this weekend and come back next Sunday.”
He hesitantly spoke, “And you’re not going?”
“No…” 
“I don’t understand why you’re not going.” He sounded very confused.
I didn’t want this to get to me, but it did. I took a deep breath to calm myself down. “Well, first they claimed that I had school and didn’t want me to miss it. Why couldn’t my mom just fly out after my dad’s meeting when I was done with school? Who knows. Then they said, ‘Look at the trouble you got yourself into in San Francisco. Imagine what could happen if you came to Toronto. You’re staying home.’”
He was speechless. The only sound I heard was rustling in the background.
I tried to harden and disconnect myself. “So, I guess, it’s more important to them to go on vacation than to spend Thanksgiving with me. Whatever.”
“I’m sorry.” He managed to get out.
Then I turned angry. “Oh, and get this…then they said my 70-year-old grandmother was going stay and babysit me. Just in case of an emergency. That’s when I started to lose it. How was she going to do anything if there was an emergency? She can’t drive. She lives in one of those old-folks apartments where they have a button to push if they need help. I’ll wind up watching her and making sure she doesn’t die in her sleep or something. I was able to talk them out of that.”
“How?”
“I turned their own logic against them. My grandma plays bingo twice a week downtown. Her apartment complex has a senior shuttle bus that takes them to and from. It’s one of their activities. If she came here, I’d have to take her. To downtown. At night.” I sarcastically laughed. “Yeah, that’s what changed their minds. They didn’t want me going downtown at night. A 70 year-old woman downtown at night was acceptable. Me? Not.”
I thought about the bright side of it all. “At least I won’t have to deal with them for, like, nine days. I’ll get the house to myself. So, I guess, I’ll get my own vacation, after all.”
“That’s a good way to look at it.” There was a tinge of relief in his voice.
“I didn’t mean to scare you.” I felt bad.
“What do you mean?” The rustling had stopped.
“You don’t have to rush over here and see if I’m okay.” At that moment, I knew what to give him.
“I… I wasn’t going to.” He rushed to say.
“Hey. Truth.” I reminded him.
“You’re right. I was about to.”
I knew it.
“But if you need…” He immediately corrected himself. “Want me to. I can be there in a few.”
“No, it’s okay. Unless you want to check up on me.” I teased him.
“If you say you’re okay, then I believe you.”
I was feeling a little better, so after we were done talking, I got up to work on his present. I went to my desk and rifled through the drawers until I found some card stock paper. I started working on a design for the card I wanted to make in Photoshop.
It would be about the size of a business card. I took one of the pictures of the giraffes we saw at the zoo and digitally cut out one of them and placed it on my design. I did the same with a picture of the penguins. I centered one vertically on each side of the card. In the middle of the card, I simply wrote in a scripted font:
I promise.
For the other side of the card, I put the giraffe and penguin on it and wrote:
To think and try not to over think.
To breathe, but not hyperventilate.
To try to envision the best, and not dwell on the worst.
To call you when I’m in trouble.
To not do anything permanent on a situation that might be temporary.
I played with the formatting until I liked the layout. I printed it on a marble grey sheet of card stock. Thank goodness, my printer had the ability to print two-sided on a sheet. I was glad to not have to mess with putting the sheet upside down, right side up or whatever. I cut the card out of the sheet. I took one of my small blank note cards and on in the inside wrote:
Patrick,
Thank you for everything.
Always,
Liz
I put the card I made inside and sealed the envelope. This was a good way to end my day. I didn’t feel like the whole evening was emotionally bad. I went to sleep looking forward to tomorrow and giving it to Patrick. 
* * *
When I got to Mr. D’s the next morning before school, Patrick was the only one in the room. “Morning, Liz.”
“Morning. Mr. D here?” I was in a decent mood.
“Nah. He had to go to the supply room and the office or something.” He watched me carefully. “How you feeling?”
I took a deep breath and smiled. “Okay. All things considered.”
This was probably the best chance I’d get to give him his present alone. I pulled it out of my backpack. All of a sudden, I was nervous. 
“Umm… Patrick. This is for you.” I handed him the card.
“What’s this?” He looked at the front of the envelope then at me.
“I wanted to get you something as a thank you for saving my life…twice. But I couldn’t think of anything that I could get you that was…well, enough or near enough to show my appreciation.”
“You don’t have to get me anything.” He was polite and sweet.
“I know, I don’t have to. I wanted to. Anyway, just open it.” I insisted.
“Okay. Okay.” He opened up the envelope. He read the note card and stared at each side of the little card I made. He held the little card and looked at me. He wrapped his arms around me and whispered in my ear. His voice cracked, “Thank you. It’s the perfect present. This means so much to me.”
“You’re welcome.” I was really happy that he liked it and it meant as much to him as it did for me. I let go and looked at him. “I realized last night that I probably freaked you out. Honestly, I didn’t mean to. But, ‘cause I wasn’t able to make that promise before, I thought that you might think that I always think of it as an option or something.”
“Kind of. There’s something in your voice last night that reminded me of the night of the carnival.” Looking into his eyes, I could see the fear that he had.
“The night of the carnival, there was no way I could promise not to do anything. I never thought I could make that promise. All I wanted was to end my life.” I think that was the first time I really said the words out loud. It was chilling.
“And…you can promise me you won’t, now?” His eyes went from black holes of fear to dancing with hope.
“Yeah. I can.” I couldn’t help but smile. “I don’t really know how to explain it, but it’s like this haze that I’ve grown so used to be surrounded, suffocated by, has thinned. I feel like things are not as dismal. I just know there’s a difference. Eh, besides…I realized that I wasn’t going to get the kind of support I wanted from my parents. So, I was going to make it despite of them.”
“That’s great.” He grinned and gave me another hug. “That makes me happy. Well, not that you’re parents don’t support you like they should but… You know what I mean.”
“Yeah.” I laughed. “I do.”
It was nice to know I wasn’t the only one who had ‘open mouth insert foot’ moments.
Mr. D walked in, “Hi, Liz. How are you doing?”
“Alright. Do you need any help?” His hands were full with papers and a box of office supplies.
“Sure. Thanks.” He handed me the box. “Can you guys put that stuff in the right spots back there?”
We went to the back room. Mr. D was always so organized that he had little labeled bins in the back. It was easy to tell where stuff should go. Patrick put the card I made into his wallet. He bumped his shoulder into me, leaned over and softly said, “Thanks again.”



20. FRESH EXPERIENCES

We left the house before the sun was even up on Saturday morning. I drove my parents to the airport. Well, it was more like, my dad drove and I rode along to bring the car back. I tried not to be upset about them going to Toronto for over a week without me and abandoning me over Thanksgiving. I’d be lying if I said that it didn’t make me mad. But there wasn’t anything I could do about it. So I continued to focus on my own vacation at home sans the parental units. I’d be able to practice my singing all night if I wanted—that would be nice since the concert was about three weeks away.
I walked into the empty house, just as the sun was rising. In one sense, it wasn’t all that different than any other day, and yet it felt different. Maybe it was knowing that they wouldn’t be back tonight –which made me happy. Maybe it was the fact that I wouldn’t have to tread lightly around them, watching what I say. That I could actually relax at home—which also made me happy. Maybe because it was so freaking early in the morning.
What I didn’t like was how much bigger the house seemed when it was empty. It was almost like it was hollow. Since every distant sound made me jumpy, I always left on the television on in the family room and my bedroom. It helped mask the random sounds of the house creaking or from outside, that I know I shouldn’t worry about, but did. The sound also kept me company. It was familiar, made me feel not so alone. So, the first thing I did when I got home was go through the house and turn on the televisions.
What should I do next? I was still sleepy, but I didn’t feel like climbing back into bed. I grabbed a blanket and pillow and curled up on the couch in the family room. I fell asleep to some random morning news program.
I woke up to my cell phone ringing. It stopped ringing once I picked it up. I looked at the screen—4 missed calls. Four?! I clicked to the missed call list. None of them were from my parents. They were all from Patrick. We were supposed to meet to work on our science fair project today. Oops. Make that right now.
The door bell was ringing. I groggily got off the couch and went to the door. Patrick was standing there. 
I opened the door and let him in. “Hi. Sorry. I fell asleep.” 
“Hey. It’s okay. No big deal.” His smile reassured me. We went to the family room and he saw the cocoon I just sprang from. “Sorry I woke you. Looks like you were comfy.”
“Yeah. I think that’s why I was actually able to fall asleep. Give me a couple minutes and I’ll be ready to go.” I rushed to my room. I ran a brush through my hair and pulled it back into a pony tail. I grabbed my backpack and sweatshirt. I think that’s all I needed for the library to finish our background research.
There was specific information that we were looking for that wasn’t available at our local library, and definitely not our school’s library. We wanted to find out more about the current research being done, so we took Mr. D’s suggestion and went to the main library at UCSD. There was a wing of the library dedicated to science and engineering that would be useful. 
The last time I had been to UCSD was in junior high for a field trip, ironically to tour the campus and see how to use the library for research. I never used the university library for research, but knew you could. I was nervous if I would remember even a fraction of how to find things in their library.
UCSD was a beautiful campus. I was in awe the second we drove onto campus and saw the ‘University of California, San Diego’ entrance sign. There were groves of trees that fascinated me. They were tall and full with clear pathways through it. We parked and walked to the main library. It may have been several years since I’d been to the library but it was a distinct building that stood out. From where we were walking, you couldn’t see anything else behind it, just clear blue skies. It was almost surreal. It was definitely amazing.
The librarians were a big help to us. We spent several hours finding journals, papers and other sources. Since we weren’t UCSD students, we couldn’t check out anything, but we could use it there and copy what we needed. We decided to walk around campus after we were done. We walked up a hill past one tree grove to explore the west side of campus and down another to the Price Center. 
The Price Center was the hub of the campus. It contained the bookstore and a huge food court. It was almost like a mall’s food court, except there were computers set up in the middle of the seating area for anyone to use. There was also a theater, pool tables, a copy center and several ballrooms. We got some smoothies and wandered around the bookstore before going to check out the engineering school part of campus.
We came across a huge bear made out of rocks. It was like huge boulders balancing on each other to form a bear that stood at least three stories tall. How did that work without falling down? Even if there were some sort of beams connecting the head, arms and legs boulders to the body, it still didn’t seem like it would stay together. It was art. It was engineering. For a bunch of rocks, it seemed really cute. I never thought I’d ever say that about rocks. I took a bunch of pictures of it. We had a great time taking all kinds of poses with it. The people passing by had to know that Patrick and I didn’t go to the school.
We were sitting on the lawn surrounding the bear, hanging out when Patrick’s phone rang. He looked at the phone’s display. “It’s Jason.”
He flipped open his phone and answered it. “Hey, Jase.” There was a brief pause. “UCSD.” Another pause. “Right now? We’re just hanging out. Liz. We were working on our project for Mr. D’s.” He listened to Jason some more. “Yeah, we’re done for today.” Patrick laughed. “Oh really? Where? Hang on.”
He put his phone down. “Want to go bowling?”
I’d never gone bowling before, but I knew it involved a heavy ball. Terror crossed my face. “Bowling? I don’t know how to bowl…”
“That wasn’t a ‘no’.” He smiled and nodded. He put the phone back to his ear. “Yeah, we’ll be there. Alright, see ya.”
Patrick closed his phone and stood up. He held his hand out to me to help me up. I took it and got up. We headed to the car. “I could try but I don’t think I should bowl. I might cause permanent damage to someone.”
“I really doubt that.” He shook his head in disbelief.
“Did you forget about the basketball game at the carnival?” He couldn’t have.
“No.” He chuckled. “But there’s no way that you’ll be able to toss a bowling ball that way.” 
“You’ll see…don’t say I didn’t warn you.” I teased him. But there was truth to what I was saying. The idea of swinging a heavy ball did not bring up safety in my mind.
“I’ll take my chances. But consider me warned.” He laughed.
“Sure you’re laughing now, but wait until I drop some 20 pound ball on your foot or something.”
“Eh. Don’t worry about that.” He dismissed the image. I, however, couldn’t. “There isn’t a 20 pound ball.”
* * *
When we got to the bowling alley, the rest of crew was already there bowling. They had rented two lanes and were in the middle of a game. Patrick and I went to the desk to rent our shoes. We had to leave one of our shoes as collateral. Who would want to steal rental bowling shoes? I definitely wouldn’t.
After we put our oh-so-fashionable rental shoes on, we went in search for balls to use. I had no idea what I was looking for. Some balls were colored, others were just black. Did it matter? Should I get a ball that’s a different color, so I could tell it was mine? What do I do? I stared at the shelves of bowling balls completely lost.
Patrick nudged me. “Don’t worry, I’ll help you. There are two main things you need to look for. First, we need to find you a ball that isn’t too heavy for you. Try an eight or nine pound ball.”
He found a nine pound ball and put it in my hands. “How does that feel?”
I shrugged. I didn’t know how it was supposed to feel.
“Hold it with just one hand. Does it feel too heavy?”
“No. It doesn’t. Maybe a little light. I’m not sure.”
“Okay.” He kept looking through the shelves. He handed me another ball to try. “Here, try this.”
He took the nine pound ball and handed me another. Even holding it with two hands, I felt like I could drop it. “Too heavy.”
“Okay. That was an eleven pounder. Ten would probably work.” He found a ten pound ball and I tested it out. It felt much better than the nine or eleven. “How does it feel?”
“Good. I think this works.” I was about to go back to our lane, but remembered that he said there were two things to look for. The weight was one. What was the other?
“Put your fingers in the ball. Like this.” He showed me which fingers to put in what holes. I mimicked and showed him. “Looks like it’s too tight. If it’s too tight, your fingers will get stuck in the ball when you try to release it. You may wind up going down the lane with the ball. And you don’t want it to be too loose, otherwise it will be hard for you to hang onto the ball and it could go flying behind you.”
“Yeah, no. I don’t want to do that. I need different one.” Now that I knew what I was looking for, I searched through the shelves of balls. Patrick did as well, looking for a ball to use for himself.
I tried several different balls until I found one that fit Patrick’s description—not tight and not loose. I felt like Goldilocks, trying to find the perfect bed or something. Only I wasn’t in some bear-owned cabin and I wasn’t a blond.
I met Patrick back at the crew’s lanes. The whole crew was there. I did notice one person that wasn’t there. Not that I really minded. “Where’s Becca?”
The crew exchanged knowing glances. Tony tried to politely answer my question, “Becca doesn’t like bowling. Let’s just list it under the things that she doesn’t like about us.”
“She tried it once. The rest of us didn’t have any fun when she came. So…” Emily tried to be tactful herself. “It’s just better that she doesn’t come.”
“Oh. Okay.” It made sense. But, how was I supposed to respond to that? If I’m a drag then I won’t be invited back? I tried to make a joke out of it, but I wasn’t really joking. “So, no pressure here. If I suck…”
“No, no! That’s not what I meant.” Emily rushed to respond and hugged me. “You are always welcome to come. You’re one of us!”
“Thanks.” I hugged her back. “But you might change your mind after I smack one of you with the bowling ball.”
The crew had finished their game. Cassie, Emily and Tony went to the snack bar while the rest of the guys stayed behind. Patrick stood up and grabbed his bowling ball. “Okay, Liz, watch me.”
I nodded and watched him stand in front of the lane. He took aim, swung his arm back while he walked to the lane and released the ball right at the lane. I watched the ball roll down the lane. It hit just to the right of the front pin. Wow. Eight pins fell and only the two in the far left corner were left standing. “I’m supposed to do all that?! Didn’t we talk about how uncoordinated I am?”
The guys chuckled. Patrick reassured me. “It’ll be fine. Just do what you can.”
His ball returned and he picked it up again. “After this, it’ll be your turn to try.”
He did the same sort of thing again—the aiming, the swinging of his arm while walking and releasing at the front of the lane. It was all so perfectly timed together. I watched the ball roll down the lane from one corner to the other and knock the other two remaining pins down. The guys gave him high fives when he returned to the seating area. Great, it was now time for me to try.
All the guys were very supportive, telling me that I could do it, that everything would be fine. That eased some of my fears, but I was still scared I was going to mess up somehow. I got up, found my ball amongst the others and tried to hold it like Patrick showed me. Patrick, Kraig, Bobby and Jason gave me pointers and instructions on where to stand and how to hold the ball. All of a sudden I had four teachers. I was amazed that they were all in agreement in their suggestions.
They wanted me to practice just swinging the ball. Patrick picked up his ball and stood next to me to show me again. I tried to copy what he did. I pushed the ball out in front of me and let my arm swing behind me. Thunk! The ball was no longer in my hand and was behind me rolling around. I closed my eyes and was mortified. I didn’t hear anyone shout in pain, so I guess there was no one behind me to get hurt. Or maybe they were unconscious and couldn’t yell.
“Oops. I’m sorry.” I turned around and looked at them sheepishly. “I told you…”
Bobby picked up the ball and handed it back to me. “Maybe it’s too heavy?”
Patrick shook his head. “I helped her pick out the weight. It seemed alright. Did it feel heavy?”
I bit my lip. “No.”
Jason wondered, “Maybe the finger holes are too big?”
Patrick watched as I put my fingers in the ball. He inspected the fit. “It looks okay. What do you think Liz?”
I shook my head. “No. The holes weren’t the problem.”
The guys tried to come up with possible reasons I had dropped the ball. Patrick looked at me. I think he could read the chagrin on my face. “Liz, what? What happened?”
“I… I think I…” I knew what happened, it was my fault. “I forgot to hold onto the ball when I swung back.”
The guys all laughed. I could help but laugh with them. “Liz!”
“What?! I told you I’m barely coordinated enough to drive.”
“I thought you were exaggerating. I didn’t think it was true.” Patrick laughed.
“I tried to warn you!” I put the ball down in the ball return. “I’ll just sit and cheer you guys on. I don’t want to hurt anyone.”
“No, come on. You only tried once. Try again. You’ll get better.” 
Jason was supportive as well. “Yeah, you know we’ll all help you. And stay ten feet back.”
I eyed each one of them and cracked a smile. “Okay. Just know that you are entering a hard hat zone and you must enter at your own risk.”
Patrick picked up the ball and placed it in my hands. “We’ll stand clear.”
I went back to the spot they told me to stand at. I could hear them behind me, giving me reminders. Now they weren’t so concerned with the timing of my arm swing and steps. They kept telling me to hold onto the ball. I tried to keep in mind all three. I really focused on the holding the ball part.
I took a deep breath. Don’t drop the ball, don’t drop the ball. I took a step forward. Don’t drop the ball, hold onto the ball. I pushed my arm forward and let it swing back. Hold onto the ball. Don’t drop the ball. I took another couple steps and my arms swung forward. I held onto the ball! Wait, when was I supposed to let go of it?
I heard the guys behind me shout to let go. When I let go, I almost fell face first onto the lane. Thunk! This time the ball fell in front of me. That was progress. Luckily, I caught myself before taking the header to the floor. I watched the ball roll diagonally down the lane. It lost most of its little momentum by the time it got to the pins. I knocked down three pins in the left corner. I was so happy to hit something.
The guys cheered as I turned around and walked back to them. I think the others around us thought they were nuts. Cheering for a person who hit just three pins? I’m sure it wasn’t pretty to watch either. That’s okay. I didn’t hurt anyone and I hit some pins. Baby steps. It was the second part of my turn. I tried again. This time I didn’t wait as long to let go of the ball. It went down the lane a little faster. That was good. I hit four pins this time. I was proud of myself.
Emily, Cassie and Tony returned with fries, hot dogs, chicken fingers, nachos and soda. Bobby entered in everyone’s name into the score card machine. On one lane, it was Cassie, Jason, Tony and Bobby. The other lane was me, Patrick, Emily, and Kraig.
The hours flew by so fast. I was having so much fun. I wasn’t good at bowling, but the crew made it okay. The guys kept trying to give me pointers, reminding me of different little things. I tried. I really did. I think they knew that. I loved laughing with people, more specifically, with the crew. I never felt like they were laughing at me, even when my ball went into the gutter, it thumped onto the lane or I dropped it in mid-swing. We all laughed together.
Patrick drove me home from bowling. “You sure you don’t want to hang out with Kraig or Tony?”
Emily, Bobby, Cassie and Jason had other plans. “Yeah, I’m sure.”
“I don’t want to leave you by yourself on your first night alone.”
“I know, it’s fine.” I knew he had better things to do. I don’t think he heard me.
He was racked with guilt. “But it’s a debutante ball for Becca’s cousin.”
“I told you. I’ll be okay. Don’t worry.”
“What are you going to do?” 
“Besides find out how many different pills I could OD on?” I teased him. His eyes became intense and bore through me. Yeah, he didn’t think it was funny. “I’m kidding! I’m kidding! Seriously, it was just a joke.”
He stared at me, glancing at the road just enough to drive. “Liz…”
I smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry. Bad joke.”
“Yeah. Don’t joke about that.” He was serious. His attention returned to driving. I think I scared him. I didn’t mean to.
“Okay, I won’t.” I think he was trying to think of ways of getting out of going to the debutante ball. I tried to reassure him. “Remember, my promise?”
He nodded and glanced over at me. “I’m holding you to it.”
“I know. So am I.” I admitted.
“So really, what are you going to do tonight?”
“Practice.” I smiled. I was grateful that he let me start over. “I’ll turn up the volume and sing. I’m actually looking forward to it. So, you need to go have fun tonight and not worry about me.”
“Yeah, fun. Tuxes, suits and a bunch of people I don’t really know. Can’t wait.” Could he be anymore sarcastic?
“Look at it this way. You’ll get to spend the evening with Becca.”
“True. She loves things like this.” There was something about his smile that was distant. Like he was trying to hide how he felt.
“Then you guys have fun. You guys deserve a fun night together.” While I agreed with his sister and didn’t quite get what he saw in her, if she made him happy and he loved her, then that’s all that mattered to me.
When we got to my place, we grabbed our backpacks and he followed me in. Even though it would still be at least an hour before it would get dark, I went through the house and turned on the lights in the living room, kitchen and family room. Patrick asked to use the bathroom. I showed him where it was and went to my bedroom to turn on the lights and television. I grabbed my speakers and went to the family room to get my mp3 player out of my backpack and hook them up.
Patrick returned to the family room, put down his backpack and sat down on the couch. There was something weird about the way he put down his backpack. I swear it sounded weird. He picked up my mp3 player and scrolled through the playlists.
“So, you’re just going to practice tonight?” He avoided any eye contact and kept messing with my player.
“Pretty much. Probably watch TV later.” Why was he acting weird?
He nodded. “Okay. Hey, sing this for me.”
He picked a song. It was an upbeat, hopeful song. I knew it. It was a duet. I guess I was just going to do the female part. I sang along with the song. Now, I couldn’t look at him, but I could feel him watching me.
When I was done with the song, I turned to look at him. “What?!”
“What? Nothing.” He shrugged his shoulders. “I just wanted to hear your version of the song.”
I eyed him suspiciously. “You’re up to something.”
He glanced down at his backpack. “Kinda. I worry. Can’t help it.”
“I know.” I was lucky to have him as a friend. I wanted to convince him that I would be okay. “What I can I do or say? I want you to have fun tonight with Becca.” 
“Nothing, I guess. Just remember, you can call me whenever.” 
“I know. Now, go home and get ready for the party.” I shoved him off the couch. Okay, I tried to. He swayed a little, but didn’t really move.
“Okay, I get the hint.” He laughed. “I’ll talk to you later. Be good.”
“Yeah. Yeah. While, we’re issuing orders. Have fun.” I smiled.



21. VERDICT

The rest of the weekend passed rather uneventful. I didn’t mind at all. No drama, no avoiding my parents. I had the house and my life to myself. I practiced…a lot, because I could. That made me feel good. I worked on homework and projects, although I was in no rush to get ahead on my school work, since I didn’t really have to clear my schedule for anything. But since I really didn’t have anything else to do, it seemed silly to procrastinate.
Patrick had suggested that we carpool this week to school. I didn’t mind. It saved me gas. More importantly, I wouldn’t be driving alone. By the morning, I was ready to have someone to talk to with and not be by myself. I think he knew that, which is why he offered.
It was a short school week because of the two days we got off for Thanksgiving. Most of my classes assigned some sort of homework packet over break and had quizzes and tests this week. I had so much to get done all of a sudden that I put what I was going to do on Thursday out of my mind. No sense wasting my brain cells on that now, when I had three tests on Tuesday and two quizzes on Wednesday. You got to love how teachers want to squeeze in these things right before any sort of vacation. Doesn’t this just mean that they have that stuff to grade over break? Why do they want to do that to themselves? Whatever.
During the middle of math class, while we were working on group challenge problems, my cell phone rang. Out loud. I frantically reached in my backpack to get it to stop ringing. The other students fake coughed to supposedly cover up the noise. It never did. That always just made it seem more obvious. 
Ms. Adams stopped helping one group and her voice rose over the classroom noise. “Now, I know I didn’t hear what I just thought I heard. Cell phones shouldn’t be heard or seen in class. Next time it’s mine.”
“Sorry. I didn’t realize I had it on.” I told her. She nodded and went back to what she was doing. It was my first offense. No one ever called me before. Now, only Patrick or the crew would and they were all in class.
Who would be calling me now? During school? I slyly took out my phone to check the missed call and switch it to vibrate mode. Patrick curiously looked at me. I wasn’t sure of the phone number, but I recognized the area code. I felt like my heart stopped and all the blood ran from my face. If I could turn as white as a sheet, I would have. 
Patrick read my face. Well, the lack of any expression on my face and knew that something had to be up. “What is it?”
I turned and looked at him. I could feel the tears ready to explode from my eyes at any moment, but I had to remain calm. “San Francisco.”
The phone buzzed in my hand and I nearly jumped out of my seat. The phone leapt from my hand and landed on my backpack. I looked around and thankfully, Ms. Adams wasn’t looking in this direction. She didn’t see that I had my phone out and didn’t hear it land. The voice mail indicator came on. I guess whoever it was left me a message. I couldn’t check it now. Ms. Adams would definitely confiscate my phone if I did that.
Once I was outside the classroom, I checked my voicemail. Patrick walked me to my next class. I could feel his gaze was intently on me. I could see the blur of the other students going to their classes, but the world stood still for me. It was the prosecutor on my case.
“She just said to call her back.” I wrote down the number, even though I knew I had it in my notebook already. There was no time now to do it, with just a few minutes before my next class started. I looked at him with terror. “I guess, I’ll have to call her after school.”
“Hey,” He gently shook my shoulder to get my attention. “You don’t have to do it alone. I can meet you before practice. Mr. D’s room?”
I bit my lip and nodded. “Yeah, okay.”
“Hang in there. Try not to think about it too much in class.” He gave me a quick hug and hurried off to his next class.
I walked into my history class and tried to put it out of my mind. The reminder of a test tomorrow snapped me back into my present reality. I shut the rest of the world out and focused on the review. History wasn’t my strongest subject and I needed every neuron focused on it or I wouldn’t do well on the test. It wasn’t until the bell rang and I walked outside that I snapped out of my history trance and remembered what I had to do next.
The walk to Mr. D’s room seemed to take forever and instantaneous at the same time. How could that be? When I got there, Patrick was already waiting for me. We walked to the back of the classroom and leaned up against the lab counters.
I shook my head. “I don’t think I can do this.”
“Yes, you can. I know you can.” He reassured me.
“What if it’s bad news? I’ve gotten this far not knowing and being in limbo. Knowing he’s free…” The thought of it made me sick. Physically sick. 
“What if it goes the way it should? There’s only one way to find out. Call her.” He coaxed.
I pulled my phone and notebook out. I dialed the number. My right hand gripped the phone, my left hand was balled up into a fist. Patrick rubbed my back, trying to calm me down.
My voice broke. “Hello? May I please speak to ADA Espinoza?”
“Speaking.”
“Hi. This is Liz Mariposa. I’m returning your call.”
I just hoped she would just rip off the band aid and tell me as swiftly as possible. My chest tightened.
“Yes, Liz, I’m glad you called back. I was hoping to call you last week, but the trial lasted a little longer than I anticipated.”
That didn’t sound good. Longer wasn’t good for things like this. Right? My throat plummeted to my stomach. Patrick kept rubbing my back trying to sooth my nerves and fears.
“The jury got the case this morning.”
I just wanted to know one thing—the verdict. Why did it seem like it was taking so long? Where’s the fast forward button when you need it?
Finally, she got to what I wanted to know. My head felt like it was humming, like someone hit it with a tuning fork. I couldn’t stop the tears from streaming down my face. Only this time, I wasn’t out of breath. It wasn’t a hysterical cry, it was more like a silent one.
I thanked her for her help and letting me know, then hung up. Patrick patiently waited for me to regain the power of speech.
“They found him guilty.” Tears streamed down my face again. I couldn’t help it. “Sentencing is in January.”
He held me tightly and sighed. “Thank God, Liz. It’s over. You did great.”
I wrapped my arms underneath his and held onto his shoulders. My face was partially buried on his chest. A feeling that I had never experienced before washed over me. At least, I didn’t recognize it. It was like some pressure between my shoulders was lightened. Almost non-existent. Was this what relief felt like?
* * *
I was glad when the school week was over. I really hated having that many tests and quizzes squeezed in together in such a short time frame. I was exhausted. I had a lot of work to do and I wasn’t sleeping all that well. My sleep was sporadic. It would take a while to fall asleep, I’d wake up in the middle of the night for a few hours, before falling asleep again. After the first night of this, I decided to try to make use of my time and get some work done while I was up. It probably didn’t help me getting more rest at night, but lying in bed letting my mind wander and think about stuff wasn’t going to either. 
After school on Wednesday, the crew was talking about Thanksgiving break and everyone’s plans. We were looking forward to Patrick’s Leftover Party on Friday. I wasn’t sure what everyone was doing on Thanksgiving. I tuned that part out. I wasn’t looking forward to it. My mom told me that I could go to my cousin Kathleen’s house for lunch on Thursday. They didn’t understand the point of Thanksgiving or have any Thanksgiving-type food. One food I know they’d have for sure is rice. They loved rice. I didn’t want rice on Thanksgiving. I was better off eating a frozen turkey dinner from the store.
On the way home from school, I asked Patrick if we could stop at the grocery store. I picked up some fruit, cereal and milk. He went to the deli and I headed over to the frozen dinner section. All their turkey themed dinners were on sale. Nice to know I’m not the only one who would be having frozen turkey dinner tomorrow. I knew I wanted a dinner with mashed potatoes and corn in it. The question is: do I want apple or cherry cobbler with it?
Patrick returned with sandwiches and chips. He found me in the midst of my dessert dilemma. “What are you staring at?”
“Trying to decide which dinner to get. The one with apple or cherry.” I tilted my head in thought. “I could get both. One for lunch and one for dinner. Then I don’t have to decide.”
I smiled at him, proud of my decision. Okay, it wasn’t some life changing decision, but food decisions were big deals for me. And I knew that he understood that. I put the dinners in my shopping cart. 
He smiled and waved to someone. “Hi, Mom.”
I turned around and saw his mom. It looked like she was picking up last minute groceries for Thanksgiving dinner. “Hello, Mrs. Connor. It’s nice to see you again.”
His mom came up to me and gave me a hug. “Good to see you again, Liz. What are you two shopping for?”
He held up the food he picked up. “Snacks. We’re all going to Liz’s to watch a movie.”
“I just needed a few things for the rest of the week.”
“Patrick told me that your parents had to go out of town. Business?”
“Yes. My dad had meetings in Toronto.” I couldn’t look her in the eye. I was ashamed that they left me. It was my fault they did.
She looked at the items in my cart. “You’re not going to your cousin’s?”
Patrick had that open, healthy relationship with his parents that I could only imagine and envy. “I don’t know. They don’t really do anything for Thanksgiving. Just make the same stuff they usually do. They think they’re celebrating it, but they really don’t.”
“Why don’t you join us for dinner tomorrow?” She smiled and put her hand on my arm.
“Thank you. I couldn’t.” It was really sweet of her to ask, but she was just being polite.
“Why not? Do you have a better invitation?’
I felt bad about lying to her, so I didn’t. “No, it’s the best invitation I’ve ever received. But, it’s a family event. I don’t want to intrude.”
I looked at Patrick, trying to plead with my eyes to help me out. I know he saw me, but ignored the look and smiled. Great.
“Liz, honey, I wouldn’t invite you if I didn’t want you there. I know Patrick wouldn’t mind if you came and Lindsey and Andy would be thrilled.” She looked at her son. He nodded in agreement. “I’d like you to think of us as family.”
She smiled at me. It was a warm enveloping smile, like a hug. I could see where Patrick got his from. I didn’t know how to protest. I didn’t want to. I wanted to go there for Thanksgiving. I didn’t dare to entertain the possibility of it, otherwise I’d be crushed with my reality. But now that she offered, I couldn’t help but let my mind get tickled by the idea. I yearned for a family Thanksgiving.
Patrick took the frozen dinners out of my cart. “So, these can go back to their friends, right?”
“If it really isn’t going to be an imposition…” I still couldn’t believe she offered.
“It’s not. You’re just like family, Liz.”
“Then I would love to come. Is there anything I can bring?”
“Oh, no. I have everything covered. Just bring yourself.”
“And your appetite.” Patrick added. 
“I’m glad we settled that. Dinner is at 5:00pm and we do a light brunch at 11:00. Come over whenever you want. You’re always welcome.” She excused herself to finish up her shopping.
He put the frozen dinners back in the freezer. “And you don’t need these anymore.”
I slapped his arm. “Did you put her up to that?”
“No. I didn’t.” He insisted as he rubbed his arm. “She asked this morning how you were doing. I said you were doing okay and that you’re parents were out of town. The invite was all her.”
I apologized for hitting him. I paid for the groceries that didn’t get put back because of my change of plans. We went back to my house. The crew came over and brought more snacks. It wasn’t a party, exactly. At least, I didn’t think of it as one, if I did, it would have stressed me out. It was me and my friends, hanging out. 
We watched a couple movies and laughed. That was the best part. Sharing in the laughter. It was over the stupidest things—in the movies or at something that someone did. I don’t remember the last time that the voices that filled the house were due to happy laughter. My parents’ voices didn’t exactly exude warmth. Anyway, I didn’t want to think about them right now. I wanted to enjoy the moment.
At the end of the night, the crew left and Patrick helped me clean up a little. There wasn’t much of a mess, just a few empty plates, cups and bags of chips. He was going to pick me up tomorrow morning, even though I told him I could drive. When I thought about it, it was probably for the best. I got lost the last time I went there, and I’d probably get lost again and wind up being late. That would be horribly embarrassing. It was not a route for the directionally challenged. 



22. THANKSGIVING

Patrick picked me up the next morning for brunch. He told me that they didn’t really dress up, but it wasn’t exactly casual attire either. So, I wore my nice two-toned brown skirt and a solid chocolate sweater. It was dressed up, without being too dressy. At least, I thought so. 
Patrick had the typical guy response when I asked if it was okay or if I should change. “You look fine to me.”
He was so much help. Okay, in reality he was. But not for wardrobe.
When we got to his house, Andy ran up to me and gave me a hug. Andy took me by the hand and led me over to his grandparents. Patrick followed right behind us. 
“Grandma, Grandpa.” Andy called out to them. They turned around. “This is my friend Liz.”  
“Gee, thanks Andy.” Patrick teased his little brother. “Liz, this is our Grandma and Grandpa.”
“Oh, sorry.” He laughed. “She’s Patrick’s friend too.”
I extended my hand out. “It’s nice to meet you.”
His grandpa shook my hand, pulled me in and patted me on the back. “You too.”
His grandma hugged me. A family of huggers. I would have thought it weird, but they were such a welcoming family, that it seemed natural to hug back. “Hello, dear. So, I take it you are classmates with Patrick and not Andy.”
I smiled. “Yes. Mrs…”
I realized I wasn’t sure what to call her. Was she his paternal grandmother? Or was his grandma on his mom’s side? If she was, I definitely didn’t know that name. I bit my bottom lip trying to think of how to finish my sentence.
“You can call me Grandma if you like.” She offered.
I liked that. I never felt so comfortable around strangers before, especially in someone else’s home. “Okay. Grandma, it is.”
“I’ve heard so many good things about you from the kids. You even impress Lindsey and she’s not an easy one to win over, especially when it comes to her little brothers.” Grandma smiled.
“Grandma!” Lindsey came over to protest. “Hey, Liz! I’m thrilled that you could come!”
She gave me a hug. Somehow I had a feeling I was going to go through the whole hug ritual with all of them when I left.
Brunch was casual, served buffet style. The food was great. I had the best blueberry pancakes. They were light, fluffy with a crispiness on the outside. It was unbelievable. His mom made them from scratch. From scratch! I was starting to get an inkling of what the crew was talking about when the topic of her cooking came up. In one word—amazing!
I started to help clean up after brunch when his mom stopped me. “No, Liz. You don’t have to clean. Please, sit. Relax. You’re a guest.”
That caused me to pause. It stung actually. I think she saw the hurt look on my face. I was feeling like I was part of the family and now I’m a guest?
“I’m sorry, Liz. I didn’t mean it the way it might have sounded. I just don’t want you to worry yourself about cooking or cleaning anything. Just go have fun with the family.”
“If it’s okay with you, I’d really like to help you here.” I wanted to be able to show my appreciation for the invitation, acceptance and kindness. She was what I wished my mom would be more like. I wanted to hang out with her in the kitchen. 
I was happy to help his mom and grandma any way I could. I didn’t do anything fancy. I helped peel the apples and potatoes, chopped vegetables—being really careful not to cut myself, mixed and stirred what they wanted me to. Lindsey was there too, helping and making those really good cookies from last week. Even though I just ate an hour ago, I was getting hungry again because everything was starting to smell so good.
There was such a feeling of family and love that radiated out of the kitchen. They each shared stories and their lives with each other. Lindsey caught them up with her life and school. Grandma shared her memories of growing up and cooking with her mom and her daughter, Patrick’s mom. Mrs. Connor shared her favorite times and what it was like when Lindsey was first able to help out in the kitchen.
I helped make the corn dish and apple pie. I followed the instructions she gave me. Patrick came in at one point to check on me. I was having a great time spending time with them. I learned a lot, including Patrick’s traditional contribution to the Thanksgiving feast is mashed potatoes. I guess he wasn’t just coming in to check on me, but to start his potatoes.
I handed him the bowl of potatoes that I had peeled earlier. Apparently, he had his own special recipe for mashed potatoes. He seasoned the water that he boiled the potatoes in. Patrick stayed in the kitchen and hung out while he waited for his potatoes to soften. His mom and grandma took the opportunity of Patrick being in the kitchen to share funny and sweet stories about him growing up. I had to hand it to him, he took it all in stride. He was embarrassed at moments, he turned a shade of red and laughed nervously. But he never asked them to stop, I think he was enjoying it as much as they were.
Once everything was prepped and ready to go into the oven, Patrick, Lindsey and I cleaned up the kitchen then went to hang out in the family room. There was still a few more hours before dinner would be served. Andy came in and brought in some board games to play.
We played some games, watched movies, and talked as we waited for the turkey to finish cooking. I never had so much fun hanging out with family before. Okay, they weren’t my family, so that had a lot to do with it. If my family was anything like Patrick’s, I wouldn’t mind going to family events. I felt more like a part of the Connor family than my own.
Slowly, more family started to arrive. I got to meet his aunts, uncles and first and second cousins. There had to be almost twenty people there for Thanksgiving dinner. The dinner tables were set up outside on their backyard patio. It was like a formal picnic setup with fine linens, china and silverware. Mr. Connor and Patrick had strung white Christmas lights along the patio overhangs. 
I helped Patrick and Lindsey bring all the food to the tables. There was so much food! I completely understood why they had their Leftover Party the next day, because despite the number of people there for dinner, there definitely would be tons of leftovers. But there was nothing that I would choose to pick to omit. I wanted to try it all.
The food tasted even better than it looked and smelled. I ate so much and wished I had room for more. I’ll just have to settle on waiting for tomorrow’s party. Good food, conversation and, most importantly, great company. No one left immediately after dinner. Everyone stuck around to chat some more. They talked about current events, movies, television and politics. Some of the conversations I couldn’t follow. I didn’t know anything about the topic. It was clear that they didn’t always agree on things, but they were able to debate about it rather than fight. That was not something my family could do. I think that was the reason why the conversations always seemed so superficial. 
I remember once there was a controversial topic that came up. Well, controversial for everyone in America, but controversy wasn’t allowed in my family. I couldn’t believe what my aunt was saying, I found it offensive. I was willing to debate it, I wanted to. But, my mom stopped me. It would be disrespectful to argue or disagree with your elders. So, I had to shut my mouth. Now that I think about it, that was probably when I really started to lose respect for some people in my family. I’m sure that’s when I really started hating going to family gatherings. I couldn’t talk to them. I didn’t want to.
It had been a big day and Andy was exhausted. I didn’t blame him. I was getting tired too, but I didn’t want the night to end. Andy wanted Lindsey and I to tuck him into bed. I was happy to oblige. It was very sweet of him to ask.
Afterwards, Lindsey and I returned to the family room. Everyone was watching a movie and in a food coma. Patrick sat down on the couch next to me. “You have fun today?”
I think he knew the answer to that one, but I was glad to confirm. “Yeah, lots.”
“Just let me know when you want me to take you home.”
“Can’t your parents just adopt me?” I half-joked. It would be so great to be a part of his family. Heck, I fit in better with his than with mine.
It wasn’t until after the movie finished that I realized it was getting late. Some of his family was still there, talking over coffee. 
“I need to thank your parents before I go.” I told Patrick.
He nodded. “I think they’re outside.”
I went to the backyard and found them sitting on the patio swing talking with Patrick’s aunt and uncle. They all greeted me as I approached.
“I’m going to get going now. Thank you so much for including me in your family Thanksgiving. I had the best time.”
His dad smiled. “No need to thank us. We’re all happy you came.”
His mom agreed and hugged me tightly. Let the hug ritual begin. “Yes, you are always welcome here. Thanks for all your help in the kitchen. Now, you have to promise me something.”
I was anxious to please her. “Anything.”
“You have to promise not to divulge any family secret recipes.” She grinned. “Some of them have been passed down from generation to generation.”
Wow. I had no idea. I shook my head. “Of course.”
I was honored. The more I thought about it, maybe I did something wrong. 
“I didn’t mean to force myself into your kitchen. I didn’t realize I was intruding on your family traditions. I’m sorry.” I was contrite. I felt horrible for pushing myself on them on such a personal tradition.
Mrs. Connor shook her head, stood up and put her arm behind my back. “Come with me.”
Oops. I guess I shouldn’t have said that in front of his aunt and uncle. I probably embarrassed them.
We got to the kitchen and sat down at the table. I could tell she wanted to talk to me. The odd part was that I didn’t get that sick to the stomach feeling like I did when my mom sat me down for a talk. I was just nervous.
“Liz, you have nothing to be sorry about. Yes, this is a family event for us. But everyone here, thinks of you as family, even those that just met you. If I wasn’t fond of you, I wouldn’t have invited you.” She smiled and patted my hands. “I wasn’t trying to kick you out of the kitchen so you wouldn’t know the recipes or to exclude you. I just didn’t want you to worry about it. I wanted you to have fun.”
“I did have fun. I loved spending time with you and Lindsey and grandma.” I was filled with gratitude.
“We did, too. I’m really glad you helped. You need to trust yourself more. You weren’t wrong to want to stay and help. I’m really glad Patrick has you as a friend. Don’t get me wrong. I love his entire crew, they’re good kids. But you’re different.” Her eyes squinted at me and the corner of her mouth turned into a smile.
She had no idea that I wasn’t your typical teenager.
“Trust your instincts. Listen to yourself. If you do, you don’t have to be sorry for anything. Least of all to me. Okay?” She spoke in a comforting maternal voice that I longed for, especially after my attack.
My eyes welled up. All I could manage was a nod.
“I know, dear, that you’ve been through a lot. Too much for anyone, let alone someone at your young age.”
Okay. Maybe she had some idea that I wasn’t your typical teenager. How much did Patrick tell her? I know I said he could, but I never asked if or how much he did. I chewed the inside of my cheek and got very tense. I looked down at the table.
“Don’t worry. He didn’t betray any confidences. I would never ask him to. Patrick didn’t give any details.” She whispered.
“I know. I trust him.” I traced eights on the table with my finger. I didn’t know what she thought of me. Did she think of me like my mom did?
“Liz, it wasn’t your fault. You didn’t do anything wrong. Don’t let that cause you to distrust yourself.”
Wow. She definitely didn’t think of me like my mom did.
“Thanks.” I looked up at her and cracked a little smile. A little yawn escaped from me.
Patrick walked into the kitchen and quickly noticed it was just me and his mom talking. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
“It’s okay, sweetheart. I think Liz is tired.” She looked back at me. “We can talk more next time, if you want, when it’s not so late.”
“I can see that.” He laughed. “You ready to go?”
“Not yet, give me a few minutes. I didn’t get a chance to say ‘bye’ to everyone yet.” I quickly left the kitchen. I hugged everyone goodbye and returned. Mrs. Connor and Patrick were still there.
“I’ll see you tomorrow. I could use your help in the morning, if you’re interested.” She stood up from the table.
“I’d love to help. Thanks for asking.”
“Good.” She smiled and hugged me. “Patrick will pick you up at 10.”
“It’s okay. He doesn’t have to. I can drive.” I could drive and get lost, but I’d eventually find them. I’d just have to give myself extra time.
“If you’re going to help me, the least I can do is have my son pick you up.” She put her arm around Patrick. “Right?”
Wait. Did she just say what I thought she said? I shook my head and laughed.
“Right, Mom.” He laughed. “I was going to offer anyway. But, yeah, I’ll pick you up.”
It was two to one. What else could I say? “Okay.”
* * *
I was glad that Patrick walked me inside my house. It was dark and silent, which was no different than most times when I got home. However, usually when it was this late, my parents were home, in their room. They rarely asked how my day was. If they did, there was no real interest behind it. They didn’t listen to what I said, unless there was something that raised a red flag in their mind. So, I always tried to avoid talking to them when I got home. But there was something comforting about coming home with someone there. Even if they locked themselves in their room and didn’t care about me.
I was edgy as I walked inside. I turned on the living room light and stood there listening to the noises of the house. The familiar creaks didn’t bother me. It was the occasional sounds of stuff from outside scraping against the windows or doors. Or at least that’s I what I hoped it was. It was late and I was tired. My imagination was getting the best of me. At this rate, I won’t be able to sleep because I’d be worried about what was lurking around the house.
This was the reason why I always came home relatively early when my parents would be home late or were out of town. It had always been easier to adjust to the house at night, with all its odd noises inside and out. If I was already home before it was late, usually before dark then I knew no one was hiding out there ready to attack me like some monster in a movie, or worse—my real-life demon.
There was a crash outside. It sounded like it was on the side of the house. I didn’t need to hear that.
“Uhh, Patrick…do you think you could stay for a little while?” I sputtered. There had to be a reasonable explanation for the noise. Right?
“Yeah, of course. I’m sure it was nothing. It was probably just a stray that knocked over your trash cans or something.” His voice exuded confidence. It made me feel better that he was there and heard the crash too. It wasn’t my imagination.
“Yeah, nothing.” I was unconvinced. I stood still, suddenly afraid to go anywhere in the house. All I wanted to do was run to my bed and pull up the covers.
“Want me to check the house?” Sometimes it was like he could read my mind.
I was also glad that he would look around for me, but I was afraid for him. What if there was a bad guy out there and Patrick did find him? What if something happened to Patrick because of me? I couldn’t live with myself. I stammered, “I’ll go with you.”
I followed close behind him with my cell phone in hand to call 911 if I had to. We walked around to the backyard. One of the trash cans had been knocked over. There was a cat that was going through an old take-out container. Patrick was right. As usual. Thankfully.
* * *
Despite knowing that it was just a cat, I was still a little anxious as I got ready for bed. I rushed through my nightly routine before locking my bedroom door behind me. I climbed into bed and pulled the covers over me. I forced myself to remember the majority of my day at the Connor’s instead of the last 20 minutes at home. Happier thoughts and exhaustion took over as I fell asleep.



23. LEFTOVERS

I was back at the Connor house promptly by 10:00am. Mrs. Connor pulled out a binder that contained her collection of recipes. She took out two recipes, one for Lindsey and the other for me to do. I couldn’t believe that I was in charge of a recipe. She had told me last night to trust myself. Apparently, she did, so I should too.
While the three of us reinvented yesterday’s leftovers, Patrick and his dad cleaned the house and reconfigured the furniture in the backyard for the party. I loved every moment I spent in the kitchen. The first two and a half hours whizzed by so fast. I was having so much fun talking with them and listening to their stories that cooking wasn’t a chore at all. But, I guess, I let my guard down too soon.
I reached into the fridge to grab some eggs and cream. I don’t know what happened, but as I reached for the cream, I released my hold on the eggs. Okay, I know what happened, I’m a klutz. I just hoped that it wouldn’t follow me to this house. Foolish hope.
As gravity pulled the eggs to the floor, I made a futile effort to catch them. I moved my feet out of the way just before they crashed to the ground—some on the floor and some on her autumn themed mats. She had told me that they were brand new. Crap. 
I fell to the floor and started picking up the shells and trying to scoop up splattered eggs. I started apologizing profusely. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to. I don’t know what happened. I ruined your new mats. God, I’m so sorry.”
I looked over to Lindsey and her mom. Lindsey was trying to contain her laughter. She wasn’t doing a very good job of it. Great, all the respect and credibility I was building with them had been shot. Smashed into pieces, just like the eggs. I waited for the chastising.
Lindsey finally burst out laughing. “I’m sorry, Liz. It’s just funny. If you saw yourself trying to catch the eggs, when it was clear, that wasn’t going to happen… I’ll help you clean up.”
Mrs. Connor calmly walked up to me with a wet sponge. “It’s okay. It happens to the best of us.”
I couldn’t believe that she wasn’t mad. Well, I guess, I shouldn’t be surprised. She had already proven to be vastly different from my mom. Still, I was expecting at least some backlash about ruining her mat, making a mess in the kitchen and wasting the eggs.
I realized that I just didn’t mess up the mats and the kitchen, that it was my fault disaster was trickling down to everything else. My mind was in a downward tailspin. “But I messed up your mats. And now, we don’t have enough eggs. There’s only one left.”
“Dear, it’s fine. We can always get more. It’s nothing that can’t be fixed easily.” She reassured me. Patrick walked into the kitchen. “Believe me, it’s fine. I’m not mad.”
“What’s going on?” He had to have recognized the look on my face. The one that said, I’m trying to hold it together, but I’m really upset. He came over to help me clean up.
“Nothing.” Lindsey giggled. “The floor just got hungry.”
He looked at the remaining goo on the floor. “Omelets, huh?”
“Not funny! I just wasted food, ruined your mom’s stuff…” I protested. I could hear my mom’s voice saying these things to me.
“It’s fine. I know you didn’t mean to do it. Right?” Mrs. Connor asked.
I shook my head. I would never want to destroy, mutilate or damage anything of hers. I had too much respect for her.
“It was an accident. It’s fine. We can wash the rugs and get more eggs. There. Problem solved.” She smiled and squeezed my arm.
“And by we, she means Patrick.” Lindsey laughed.
Great. Now this was inconveniencing Patrick. Things just kept getting worse. I felt deflated. I rubbed my head.
“Liz, relax. This kitchen has seen worse and I’ve had to run to the store for more than a few eggs.” He flashed me that grin that always put me at ease and let me know everything was okay. I learned to trust that smile, even when I didn’t see why he thought things would be fine. It was also like he was baiting me.
“Really?” I was willing to bite. “Like what?”
“Like the time my smart, funny, poised, talented and athletic big sister dropped a whole carton of eggs.” He laughed.
“Yeah, right.” I responded sarcastically. I couldn’t imagine her ever doing that. “When was this? When she was six years old?”
“No. More like six months ago.” Lindsey admitted and tried to contain more laughter. “Yeah, I came home for the weekend to bake cookies for a fundraiser. So, Mom and I were making massive amounts of cookies. I was taking out eggs and butter. And…well, I made my offering to the cooking gods.”
Everyone, including me, burst out laughing. I couldn’t help it. Mrs. Connor cleared her throat trying to regain composure. “She did what you did. Tried to grab falling eggs, only she had a dozen all falling at the same time. There was a radius of at least 4 feet around the fridge of shells and eggs.”
“She fell on her butt and couldn’t get up. She kept slipping on the whites and yolks. It was something out of some slapstick comedy.” Tears started coming out of his eyes because he was laughing so hard. “It was one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen.”
“Yeah, every time I tried to get up, I slipped. I was covered in eggs.” She laughed at the memory. “I even had it in my hair!”
She described her vain attempts at trying to get up, only to fall again and again. She was animated. Mrs. Connor and Patrick interjected their own memories of the Lindsey’s egg offering. I enjoyed watching them feed off each other’s energy and sharing the story. In my house, if I wanted to share a story like hers, I would have been shushed immediately because it would have been deemed embarrassing. Heaven forbid I embarrass the family with a funny story that doesn’t harm anyone.
Come to find out, that was the reason Mrs. Connor kept a mat next to the fridge, to prevent a similar incident again. Not because she didn’t want food to crash to the ground, but to prevent injury. Lindsey had slightly sprained her wrist and it could have been worse. 
I realized there were a few upsides to my current ineptness. I wasn’t alone in randomly dropping things. It was okay when it did happen. I was klutzy but didn’t hurt myself in the process. The most important thing I learned? Some moms are fine when you make a mistake.
We had finished cleaning up the floor and Patrick went to the store to get more eggs. He returned about 15 minutes later put the eggs down in front of me. “I got to go pick up Becca. If the floor gets hungry again, give me a call.”
“Ha ha.” I rolled my eyes at him and slapped his arm.
“What?!” He grinned coyly. “I’m just saying…”
“Yeah, I know what you’re saying. Go already, Becca’s probably waiting for you!” I shoved him away from me.
He checked his watch. “Yeah, I gotta go. Give me a call if you guys need anything else.”
He ran out the door. Lindsey shook her head. “Becca…ugh.”
I knew how she felt. I didn’t realize that his mom felt similarly. “Lindsey, come on now. She may not be who we like for him, but he likes her.”
“I don’t get why. Do you, Liz?” Lindsey was clearly annoyed.
“I don’t know. I just know he does.” I thought for a second and remembered something. “Uh… I don’t know if Patrick told you… But she and the crew don’t know that we went up to San Francisco last week. Well, they know Patrick did, but not that he went up with me. Because of me. They just know that he visited Lindsey. So, if anyone, especially Becca, asks…”
I felt awkward asking them to lie. It wasn’t that they needed to lie, they just needed to not share everything. Not that they knew enough to really share.
“Don’t mention you in the visit?” Lindsey quipped.
“Yeah. The crew wouldn’t care. They would probably even be okay not knowing the specifics to why I had to go up there. But Becca…she was already mad that he went up to visit you. I don’t need her butting her nose into it and I don’t want to cause him any trouble with her.”
Lindsey mumbled something that I couldn’t make out. I was about to ask her what she had said when Mrs. Connor spoke, “Don’t worry, dear. We’ll play along. It isn’t our business to share. And it really isn’t any of hers.”
When Patrick returned with Becca, me, Lindsey and Mrs. Connor were laughing hysterically.
Patrick put his keys on the kitchen counter, “Mom, Linds, you remember Becca.”
They quickly said hello before being consumed by laughter again. The three of us tried to calm down and stop laughing. But the more we tried, the harder it was. We would stop for a second or two, look at each other and start up again. Tears were coming out of my eyes because I was laughing so hard.
“What’s so funny? What’d I miss?” Patrick didn’t care who answered, he looked at all of us.
“I was telling Liz about that time we went to dinner and when I ordered the burger. And the server asked how I wanted it cooked…” Lindsey started laughing again.
“And you started to say ‘over easy.’” Patrick joined in on the laughter as the memory was brought back. “God, I remember that!”
Becca looked annoyed. She was the only one not laughing. “I don’t get it.’
Patrick put his arm around her. “The server looked at her funny and was confused. What Lindsey really meant was well-done.”
I had to keep wiping the tears from my eyes. This just made Lindsey laugh harder.
Becca stared at me like I was stupid or crazy. Clearly, she didn’t get it. “Okay, whatever.”
* * *
The crew was the first to arrive for the party. When I finished what I was doing in the kitchen, his mom insisted I go outside and have fun with everyone. Honestly, I was nervous about the party. I couldn’t remember the last time I went to one. They always made me a little anxious. Would I have fun? Would I fit in? Did they think I was weird? I had always felt awkward at parties. Not just family parties, but parties my friends or classmates would invite me to, ever since I could remember. This time should be different. Right? After all, I had Patrick and the crew. If it wasn’t, I could always go and hang out in the kitchen.
I went to the backyard to where Patrick, Becca and the crew were sitting. Becca was enjoying being the center of attention. It didn’t seem like Kraig or Emily were too interested in what she was saying. Or maybe they were the worst in feigning interest, compared to the others. I wasn’t sure which.
“Liz! It’s about time you came out here!” Emily scooted over. “Sit! How was your Thanksgiving? What did you do?”
I wasn’t quite sure what to say. Do I lie and say I stayed at home? That didn’t seem right. If I told the truth, I know that Becca would be really angry. I looked at Patrick, hoping for some clue as to what to say. His brows rose with curiosity. Becca looked like she was anxiously waiting for me to say how awful it was to spend it alone. I guess to her, it was a little retribution for me getting the solo over Grace.
“It was really good actually.” I knew what I could say, without lying or revealing too much. I grinned and looked at Patrick. “I spent the day with extended family. It was the best Thanksgiving ever.”
Patrick tried to suppress his knowing smile. “That’s good to hear.”
* * *
More people arrived. The crew scattered in a few different directions to talk with others. For the most part, the couples stayed together. I drifted to wherever someone from the crew was. If I didn’t want to interrupt them or felt comfortable doing so, I’d go to inside the house. I helped his mom in the kitchen and talked with her for a bit. I did this a few times through the party. I guess, the last time I was gone a little too long, because Patrick came in and asked if I was alright.
Nothing was really wrong. There were just times when I’d get self-conscious and feel out of place. I was glad to have a place to go where I felt safe and accepted. That’s why I ended up going to the kitchen and helping his mom. Well, I also did want to help her out. Lindsey wasn’t there helping since some of her friends had come over too. It was her chance to catch up with her old high school friends.
Mrs. Connor let me help her out, but would always have me go back outside, usually with some premise of putting more food out. She seemed to have a way of knowing when it was time to push me out there and when I just wasn’t ready yet.
I was over-thinking everything again. I worried about fitting in and felt like I wasn’t or could do more to fit in better. But how? I worried what people were thinking. Did they notice I wasn’t comfortable? Trying too hard? Not hard enough? I was working myself up, for no reason. I knew that and started kicking myself. What was wrong with me? Why couldn’t I stop doing this? So, I had a choice—stay outside and work myself up for no reason or go inside and get a meaningful distraction. I opted for the latter.
A few hours into the party, I emerged from one of my short kitchen escapes with a fresh tray of turkey tacos. Becca stopped me as soon as put them down.
“Just what do you think you’re doing?” She stood squarely in front of me.
I felt adrenaline run through me, I tensed up. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Kissing up to his mom? Pretending you enjoy talking with her and helping? I know what you’re trying to do and it won’t work. Patrick’s mine. So, back off!” She vehemently sneered.
“I’m not trying to do anything. Least of all trying to steal Patrick from you.” I stepped to the side to get away from her.
She grabbed a hold of my wrist to prevent me from walking away. “I will not lose Patrick to you or anyone else.” She snapped.
“Let go!” I hissed and yanked my hand back toward me. My heart was racing. My face was burning. “Don’t ever touch me.”
We stood there a moment, staring at each other. I wasn’t taking my eyes off her. I didn’t trust her. But I also didn’t want to get into anything with her. I didn’t want to get into a fight with anyone, especially here at Patrick’s house. If this did escalate into a fight, what the heck was I going to do? I was really glad I didn’t have to find out, because Becca’s posture shifted. It was as if she suddenly relaxed and seemed casual. What the hell? 
“Hey, Becks. Liz.” That explained her change in body language. Patrick was approaching us. She reached out for his hand and wrapped it around her shoulder. I tried to relax my face. He turned to face me. “How you doing, Liz? Having fun?”
Definitely not the time to tell him what just happened. He didn’t need to be put in the position of choosing between his friend and his girlfriend. I didn’t think he needed to pick. “Yeah. Good party.” His eyes darted back and forth, searching my face. He suspected something was wrong with me. I tried even harder to not show my fury. 
* * *
At the end of the party, I helped clean up. Partly because I wanted to avoid being in the same car as Becca. Partly because I liked talking to his mom and wanted to continue our conversation from last night and this way we could without worrying about being interrupted. And lastly, Patrick said he’d give me a ride later. I think he wanted some alone time with Becca. I totally understood and wanted him to have that chance.



24. ROUTINE

Over the weekend, I went shopping with Lindsey, Cassie and Emily. Lindsey wanted to help me find a dress for the Winter Formal. I kept telling her it wasn’t a big deal since it wasn’t a real date. But, she didn’t accept my premise, neither did Cassie or Emily. So, I succumbed to peer pressure and shopped for the perfect dress. 
We went to three malls and I don’t know how many stores in each one. I tried on countless dresses. Surprisingly, I had fun doing it. I think it was the company, rather than the chore of searching through racks of dresses in dozens of stores and trying them all on. They definitely made it fun. I loved spending time with them and feeling like a normal teenager.
Eventually, Cassie, Emily and I each found a dress. I loved my dress. It was a deep purple with silver accents. Next on our shopping list—accessories. It seemed easier to find matching accessories and shoes than to find the dresses. We did backtrack on the malls we visited, but that was okay. I was just glad that we accomplished our goal to have everything for the dance. It was great to have ‘girl time’. I never thought I’d think that. I never thought I’d have the chance.
* * *
The next two weeks I followed my relatively new routine. I went to school, hung out with the crew at lunch and after school, went to watch basketball practice, rehearsed for the concert and did my homework. I minimized any possible confrontations with my parents. It was easy to do since my parents were preoccupied with work and their own lives.
A few days each week, Patrick and I worked on our science fair project. There were deadlines we had to meet for Mr. D’s class to show our progress. He gave us feedback each time so we could improve our project. We took it to heart and worked harder and more diligently on it. It was important to me for us to do really well at the science fair. Since I never could be competitive in sports, it was my chance to compete in something I thought I was good at. Time will tell if I was able to.
Patrick wanted to do well, because, he strived for his best at everything he did. Also, based on the stories that Lindsey had shared about her experiences at the International Science Fair, he wanted to go too. Heck, so did I! It sounded like so much fun, parties and events every night, meeting other kids from all over the world, talking to Nobel Prize winners. Not to mention the scholarship money you could win. Some colleges even offered full-rides to their schools. The idea that you could be acknowledged for your hard work and get scholarships and free tuition was amazing. I wanted to be a part of it. And the week away from my parents was a definite additional plus.
As the Winter Formal approached, we made solidified our plans. The whole crew and their dates, or non-date in my case, planned to have dinner together. Cassie made the reservation for us. 
Becca seemed to be increasingly more attentive to Patrick. Even more than usual. She would greet him outside almost every class. She would either wrap her arms around him and kiss him or rush up and tickle him. Becca even showed up one morning with peanut butter cookies all wrapped up in a bow for him. She made them. Who knew she could bake? I have to admit it was a nice move on her part. Aside from his mom and Lindsey’s cookies, peanut butter was his favorite. Patrick thought it was so cute and sweet. The thought, not the cookies.
It was a good thing that she gave him the cookies right before physics class, a class they didn’t have together. Because when he tried it, the look on his face was priceless. His eyes scrunched up and it was like his tongue was avoiding any contact with the food in his mouth. He didn’t have a napkin to spit it out in, so he used a sheet of paper. Patrick even used his sleeve to wipe the taste off his tongue. I laughed so hard that Mr. D had to tell me to quiet down.
“That bad, huh?” I chuckled, finally able to control my volume.
“Yeah. How could it look okay and taste so awful?” He stared at the pile of cookies. “Don’t tell her I said that.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t.” She won’t worry about what I thought about it anyway. I did feel a little bad for her and the fact that they didn’t turn out good. “It’s the thought that counts anyway. Her heart was in the right place, even if the ingredients weren’t.”
“I know. Liz, what do I tell her when she asks about them?” Panic started to set in. “I don’t want to lie, but…ugh. They were really bad. Here, try one.”
“Yeah. No, thanks. I trust you.” I giggled.
“Don’t laugh. What do I tell her?” He was starting to sound desperate. 
What could he say? I stared at the pile of cookies then looked at his face and could tell he really needed something else to wash away the taste from his mouth. I handed him a bottle of water from my backpack. “Here. I think you need this more that I do right now.”
“Thanks.” He swished the water around his mouth before chugging it all down.
I pushed down another bout of laughter. “Tell her…They were unforgettable. That they tasted…like no other peanut butter cookie you’ve ever had.”
“Okay…but…do you think she’ll buy that? Won’t she ask how it tasted?” He was skeptical. 
“Not if you quickly kiss her afterward.” I couldn’t believe I was telling him to kiss her. But I knew it would stop her curiosity. She could never accuse me of trying to drive them apart.
* * *
Sure enough, at lunch, Becca bounced up to him, gave him a huge hug and asked about the cookies. The crew stood there in shock.
Cassie politely and cautiously asked, “You bake?”
Becca proudly puffed out her chest. “Yes, I made Paddy’s favorite—peanut butter cookies.”
Jason wrapped his arm around Cassie and teased, “How come you’ve never made me cookies?”
“Because you don’t like cookies.” She laughed.
“Oh yeah.” He gave her a squeeze.
Becca rolled her eyes and mumbled. “Good thing I didn’t bring you any then.”
Lucky us. This time her selfishness worked out in our favor.
She smiled and faced Patrick. “So…what did you think of them?”
“They were unbelievable. I can honestly say I’ve never tasted anything like it.” He cracked a little smile. I clenched my jaw so I wouldn’t snicker.
“Yeah?” She grinned widely and looked right into his eyes. “You really liked it?”
Patrick leaned in and kissed her softly. “What do you think?”
Good one, Patrick. I covered my mouth and faked a cough to prevent from laughing.
“I knew you would.” She turned around and sunk into his chest. She glared at me but her tone was playful. “I always know what you like.” I fought the urge to roll my eyes.
Yeah, that’s what she thinks. If she knew him so well, there were lots of things that she would do or not do. Like, she would stop with the public displays of affection that he didn’t like.
* * *
She absolutely hated it when we worked on our project. She couldn’t argue with him about it. She seemed to know that pulling him away from his school work or the crew would not go over well with him. It was a line she shouldn’t cross. That didn’t stop her from tagging along to some of our project work sessions. It was like being chaperoned. She eyed me suspiciously, but exuded sweetness when Patrick looked her way. Becca only came along twice. I think she got bored. I knew she couldn’t follow along with what we were doing, because she’d keep asking when we’d be done. Patrick apologized for Becca’s behavior. I told him not to worry about it, that it wasn’t his fault.
When she found out I was going to the dance with Kraig, her tone changed. Well, it changed a little. Suddenly, she kept singing Kraig’s praises, even though she never took the time to really know him. She went totally overboard and it was really annoying to both Kraig and I. Even Patrick couldn’t get her to stop. She claimed she was trying to play Cupid because she wanted me and Kraig to be happy. What a load of crap. She didn’t care about me or my happiness. She wanted me to get distracted enough with another guy, so I wouldn’t be friends with Patrick anymore. Even if I did like Kraig that way, Patrick was still my best friend and nothing or anyone would change that. And if something were to develop between me and Kraig, it wouldn’t be due to Becca, it was Lindsey’s idea for us to go to the dance together. But that was a big if.
We finalized all our plans for Saturday’s dance. I was designated photographer, mostly because I didn’t want to dance. Well, I couldn’t. I would not only likely hurt myself, but be a danger to those around me. I think the abject fear and seriousness of my voice saying I wouldn’t get out there on the dance floor convinced them that. I was really fine with taking pictures. I was glad to have something to do while they had fun and danced. It would be fun, I was looking forward to it.
Since Kraig had originally planned to go to the dance alone, I insisted that he keep with his plan to dance with the crew or anyone else he might want to. Whatever his plans were, before Lindsey and Patrick inserted me in, he should keep them and not worry about me.
There was one, not so small, problem. I hadn’t asked my parents if I could go. I had so successfully avoided any kind of meaningful conversation with them the last few weeks that the topic didn’t come up. Hell, they didn’t even know the verdict—they never asked about it. I wasn’t going to bring it up. Denial. It was something they were good at. Time was running out and I had to say something or I definitely wouldn’t be allowed to go.
So, at dinner Thursday night, I took a deep breath and every muscle in my body tightened. “The Winter Formal is Saturday.”
“Winter Formal?” My mom looked up from her plate.
“The school dance.” I was trying to gauge her willingness to let me go. “It’s Saturday night.”
“A dance.” She put her fork down.
My dad stared at me curiously. “Where is this dance going to be held?’
I was hoping they wouldn’t ask, but I knew they would. “The Grand Balboa Hotel.”
My mom’s face turned to stone. She was not pleased. “A hotel? Since when do high schools have dances at hotels?”
She just didn’t get how schools were here—part of the generational and cultural gap, I guess. “All the big dances are held at hotels. In their ballrooms. It’s way nicer than the gym. It makes it more special.”
My dad cleared his throat. His voice was even and stern. “I suppose you want to go to this dance.”
I couldn’t stand their eyes peering through me. It always made me feel like I was weak and small, like I was 5 years old or something. I looked down at my plate and pushed the food around. “Yes.”
“No. I don’t want you going to some hotel by yourself. That’s just asking for trouble.” My mom was vehement. They went back to eating their dinner.
“But I wouldn’t be going by myself.” I slowly looked at them.
“So, you have a boyfriend now?” My mom’s voice was loud and sharp. “Is it that boy…the one from your science class?”
“No.” I managed to interject.
“I thought you said he had a girlfriend. So, what? You’re going to this dance with somebody else’s boyfriend? You just go looking for trouble, don’t you?” She shook her head.
I couldn’t believe what she was accusing me of. She really didn’t know me at all. I was mad, but I knew yelling at them would get me nowhere. Now, more than ever, I had to try to control my voice or they’d accuse me of being disrespectful, on top of everything else. Disrespect was a cardinal sin to them.
“His name is Patrick and he’s my friend.” My voice was trembling and I was careful not to raise it. “No, I’m not going to the dance with him. I’m going with Kraig. He’s one of the guys in the group that I hang out with at school. We’re just friends.”
I sat there and watched them. I couldn’t quite tell if they were convinced. They exchanged glances. My dad stood up from the table, grabbed his plate and headed to the kitchen. “We need to meet this boy. Tomorrow.”
“Does this mean I can go?” I was hopeful but I didn’t want to let them know how much I wanted to go.
“If he drives and we meet him. I still don’t like that the dance is at a hotel.” My mom got up. “Finish clearing the table.” She ordered.
I did what I was told. I cleared the table then did the dishes. When I was done, I called Kraig. He was fine with stopping by tomorrow to meet my parents. I warned him of what to expect. Kraig was always easy-going, so he wasn’t too concerned about it. It put me at ease a little, but I was still plenty nervous for the two of us.
* * *
The next night he came over. It was after dinner. I was surprised that my mom had apple pie sliced and ready to serve. I guess they were going to make an effort to be nice. Then again, they were always good at giving the pretense that they were reasonable and nice. I was relieved but I didn’t let my guard down.
The basic pleasantries were exchanged. The conversation revolved around the usual things: school, interests and our plan for the evening. Kraig reiterated my sentiment that it wasn’t a date, just two friends going to the dance together to hang out with everyone else. My dad did ask about his driving record, which was clean—no tickets. My mom insisted that I wasn’t left alone at the dance because ‘you never know what trouble she’d get into’. She made it sound like I was a mischievous little kid who sought out trouble. It was just like when Patrick came over to pick me up for the carnival. I knew what she meant, even though Kraig didn’t. He thought she was just teasing.
Regardless, I had official confirmation from my parents that I could go. I was happy. Most of the crew didn’t have much of curfew for the dance, but I did. My parents set my curfew for 2:00am. That was fine, the dance was over at midnight and it would still give me time to hang out afterwards with everyone. I took what I could get. If I argued that my friends didn’t have a curfew, my parents would say ‘Fine. You don’t have one either. Because you won’t be going.’ I didn’t want that to happen.



25. WINTER FORMAL

Kraig picked me up for the dance and headed to the restaurant for dinner. Usually, if the crew went someplace together, we carpooled. Since this was a dance, and for the couples, it was a real date, all the pairs drove separately. We arrived at the restaurant and saw that Bobby and Emily were already there. They sat at one end of the table set for 10. Kraig and I sat across from them. 
“So, Liz, when is the Holiday Music Concert?” Bobby asked.
“Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.” I replied.
“Wow! That soon. This month is going by so fast.” Emily was surprised.
“Yeah, tell me about it.” I couldn’t believe it either. I didn’t feel ready for the concert.
Kraig asked, “Is it going to be all Christmas songs?” 
“No. Not all, some. We’ll be doing stuff from musicals and non-traditional stuff.” I told them just as Patrick and Becca got to our table.
“Hey, guys.” Patrick said as he sat down next to me, with Becca sitting next to him. Bobby, Emily, Kraig and I greeted them. “You guys talking about Liz’s concert next week?”
“It’s not my concert.” I rolled my eyes at him and shook my head.
“But you are in it.” Kraig pointed out. 
“And you have a couple solos.” Bobby added. Great, the guys were tag-teaming and ganging up on me.
“So…to us, it’s your concert.” Emily concluded.
“Exactly!” Patrick exclaimed, pointing to Emily. Jason, Cassie, Tony, and his date Karen sat down at the table. We all exchanged quick hellos and nods. “So, everyone’s going. Right?” Everyone, except Becca and Karen, nodded. Becca would rather go without Patrick for the night than to go. That’s how much she didn’t want to go—she’d actually willingly let him out of her sight. As if her not going would be some protest to me singing. As if I cared. Karen, however, was a little lost.
Emily filled in Karen, “Liz is in the choir and they are having a concert next week. She’s good. You should come with! It’ll be fun!”
“Sure. Sounds good.” Karen responded. The crew talked about what night to go to and decided to come to Wednesday’s performance.
Now that everyone had arrived, we started looking through our menus. Some of the crew had eaten here before, so suggestions were asked and given to each other. 
Kraig asked me, “What are you getting?”
I closed my menu and told him, “I’m not sure. I’m not very hungry.” Patrick heard me and shot me a look. “But I guess I should eat something, who knows what snacks they might have at the dance.” I reopened my menu to take another look. I decided to get the ravioli with tomato cream sauce that Cassie had recommended.
The server came by and took everyone’s order. While we waited for our food, our conversations drifted to many things from classes and teachers, to music, to the guys’ basketball games, to movies, to the weirdest thing anyone ever ate. We got some looks from nearby customers, since our laughter and voices tended to get loud—after all there were ten of us. When our food arrived, our volume lowered a bit as everyone ate, or attempted to between laughs and stories.
* * *
After dinner, we headed to the Winter Formal, which was being held at the Grand Balboa Hotel ballroom. We all met up again at the hotel’s lobby and headed over to get in line for pictures. Kraig and I had agreed that this wasn’t a date date, that we’d do the big group picture of the crew, but wouldn’t do one with just us.
We waited in line for the skyline backdrop. We took several poses—all the girls sitting with the corresponding guy behind us, alternating guy-girl in a single line and then the obligatory goofy picture. Sometimes, it was hard to keep a straight face, or rather a frozen smile, when all I wanted to do was laugh. Partly because I was having fun and partly because Becca really seemed to be going out of her way, even more, to throw herself at Patrick. I could see what he was talking about and why it was bothering him.
When we were done with the group pictures, Kraig and I stepped aside. The others chose their backgrounds and waited. Since we had just taken pictures, the photographers didn’t make them go to the end of the line to wait again. They were allowed to be next up in line.
Kraig and I waited off to the side, closer to the big open hallway that hotels have in their lobby/ballroom areas for the rest of the crew to be done. We talked for a bit before he excused himself to use the restroom. I stayed and watched Patrick and Becca and Bobby and Emily take their pictures. It was like Becca had one thing on her mind and she didn’t care who knew. Patrick, clearly, wasn’t that comfortable with it, tried to subtly get her to stop or back off some. Bobby and Emily were very cute to watch. The photographer posed them very classically for their pictures. I had just noticed Tony and Karen get their turn at a different backdrop when suddenly an arm was wrapped around my waist. I immediately tensed up and tightened my hands into a fist.
“Hey, beautiful.” The voice whispered into my ear. “How about you and I…”
I swung my arm behind me, hitting the guy in the crotch. I turned and just started kicking and punching him. It was like I was on autopilot, not thinking, just reacting. I saw him, this time he wasn’t going to hurt me. I wouldn’t let that happen again. He started to get up. Tears streamed down my face, “No! Don’t touch me. I won’t let you hurt me.”
My arms flew wildly at him with all the strength I had. He was on the ground and trying to get up again, but I wouldn’t let him. “Don’t touch me! Leave me alone!”
My ears were filled with his voice, “Come on, you’ll have fun. I’ll show you a real good time. Be a good girl and stop fighting. It’ll be more fun and hurt less if you do.”
I hit him and cried out, “No! Leave me alone!” All of a sudden my arms were stuck to my sides. Someone wrapped their arms around me so I couldn’t move. I screamed, “No! Let me go!” I kicked and tried to wrestle away. “Don’t!”
A voice whispered in my ear. “Ssh…Liz, it’s okay. You’re safe. It’s just me, Patrick.” It took me a second to register that it was Patrick. It was him, his voice, his arms that were holding me back. I blinked and looked around me.
Joey was on the ground and Kraig was helping him up. Patrick’s grasp around me relaxed once he knew that I recognized him. He held onto me and kept repeating, “Ssh. It’s okay. You’re safe.”
Joey was up on his feet. Wow, I really let him have it. He had some cuts and bruises and stared at me, shocked.
“You okay, Joey?” Patrick asked.
“Yeah.” He wiped the trickle of blood that ran down his lip to his chin. “What the hell?” He demanded.
I looked up at Patrick, feeling like everything was swirling around me. He looked coldly at Joey. “She’ll be okay, thanks for your concern.”
“I was just messing around.” Joey didn’t see what he did wrong.
“Maybe next time, think twice before coming up behind a girl.” Patrick said icily.
I stood there frozen, unable to say anything, do anything. I didn’t really understand what happened. Suddenly, I felt very self-conscious. I looked around and the rest of the guys were there—Bobby, Tony and Jason. They stood on both sides of me.
Patrick continued, “If I were you. I’d apologize to her, now!”
“Why?! She’s the crazy bitch that went off on me, for no reason.” Joey seethed and lunged forward, pointing at me.
The guys stepped forward and closed ranks. Kraig pushed up against Joey, positioning him in the center of all the guys. Patrick took a step around me and put himself between me and Joey. Patrick’s arm protectively wrapped around me from the front. 
“Like I said, you owe Liz an apology.”
“Sorry.” Joey said sarcastically.
“If you ever, do this to Liz, or any other girl, you’ll think what Liz did to you was nothing.” Patrick vowed. “You don’t grab girls from behind. I don’t care if you’re joking. It’s not funny.” His controlled voice contained such contempt and rage.
Joey looked at all the guys and finally at me. I was still shaking and in shock over what happened. Fear was plastered on my face as I looked at Joey. I think he finally started to get that it was a big deal to me. 
“Okay. Okay.” He conceded. “I really didn’t mean to scare you, Liz. I was just screwing around.” Joey scoffed.
I just looked at him, still unable to speak. Mr. D, who was chaperoning the dance, came up to us. “Everything okay? Is there a problem here?” He looked at the guys, at Joey and followed his gaze to Patrick and me.
Kraig was the first one to speak, “Everything’s okay. Right, Joey?” He patted Joey on his shoulder.
“Yeah. Just a misunderstanding, Mr. D.” Joey answered.
“You sure, Joey?” Joey nodded to Mr. D’s question. Mr. D eyed him. “Who hit you?”
Joey looked at the entire crew standing there. It would be easy for him to pick any of them, especially Patrick, to lay blame. They probably wouldn’t have denied it and would have taken any consequences for me. I didn’t want them to get in trouble because of me. “Like I said, Mr. D, it was a misunderstanding. Don’t worry about it.”
“That doesn’t answer my question.” Mr. D didn’t like it when people tried to avoid his questions, especially right now.
“Patrick?” He turned to his favorite student, looking for an answer.
Patrick finally took his gaze off of Joey and looked at Mr. D. “Yeah?” He paused for a second. “Everything’s cool.”
“Again, doesn’t answer the question.” Mr. D looked at each one of the guys, reading their expressions. Finally, he looked curiously around Patrick at me. I was the only one that was a mess that looked like they were in a fight, besides Joey. My face was tear-stained, my hair was a mess and I was still trembling. Mr. D reassessed the entire group. Patrick and the guys were in more of a defensive position to protect me and each other. “I see.” He looked at me, “Everyone’s okay?”
Patrick answered for everyone, “Yeah.” He turned around to look at me. “We’re going to get some air.” He put his arm around my back and led me away. 
We walked outside into the cool night air. It felt cold against the heat emanating from every part of me, especially my face. There was a courtyard in the center of the hotel’s towers. We headed to a bench near the fountain and sat down. I put my face in my hands and tried to get a grip on myself.
Patrick put his hand on my back and I flinched. He pulled his hand away and broke the silence. “It’s okay. You’re safe. You’re not in San Francisco. We’re here at the Grand Balboa Hotel. You’re not alone.” He tried again, putting his hand on my back to remind me. “I’m here. The guys are here. You’re not alone.” 
I looked at him and nodded. My voice came out in a shaky whisper, “I’m not alone.”
“No, you’re not.” He reassured me and gently stroked my back.
“We’re at the Grand Balboa Hotel?”
“Yeah.”
I looked down at my clothes. “Tonight’s the dance?”
“Yeah.”
It was starting to sink in that I wasn’t in San Francisco and this wasn’t some nightmare that I’d wake up from. “Oh, my god. What did I do?” 
“You kicked Joey’s ass. I should have you be my bodyguard for away games against rival schools.” He chuckled and nudged me.
“Aw, man…” I shook my head.
“Don’t worry about it.” Patrick tried to soothe me. Then his jaw locked. “He deserved it. He shouldn’t have grabbed you like that.” He took a deep breath.
“What happened?” It all seemed like a blur to me. 
“Well, Becca and I were taking pictures. I looked over at you and Kraig and he was heading to the restroom or something. We posed for more pictures and when I looked back over, Joey came out of nowhere and was behind you. He put his arms around you and said something to you. The look on your face as you turned around… I knew you were scared and it wasn’t good. I called out to you as I ran over, but you didn’t hear me. I don’t think you heard anything. Kraig was back and trying to get you to stop, but he couldn’t get near you. Every time he did, you screamed. I didn’t want to scare you more by grabbing you myself, but I didn’t know what else to do.” He looked so apologetic. “Don’t ever think that you’re not a fighter. You are. I know first hand and have some bruises to prove it.” Patrick cracked a small smile.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you.” I felt bad that I kicked him.
“It’s okay.” The corner of his mouth turned up. “What do you remember?” 
“I remember an arm wrapping around me and a guy’s voice whispering in my ear. I spun around and it was like I was in that alley. I just wanted to stop him before he got as far as he did in San Francisco.” I shook my head. “I don’t remember Kraig or you calling my name. I remember suddenly not being able to move my arms and really scared that it was happening again. Only this time, I thought that he’d win…”
“I’m sorry. I was afraid of that. I didn’t want to hurt you…”
“No. You did what you had to. It was the right thing to do. I heard the words and your voice, and it didn’t match what I was seeing. It took me a while to realize that it was you.” I ran my fingers through my hair. “Man, I’ve made a mess of myself here. Ruined tonight for Kraig, Joey, you…”
“Nah. Nothing has been ruined. Don’t worry about it.” He waved his hand like it was no big deal.
“But your pictures… You weren’t finished taking them.” Another realization hit me. “Great, now I’ve given Lindsey a reason to be mad at me.” I threw my hands up in resignation.
“No, she won’t. Besides, we got a couple different poses, so it’ll be fine.” Patrick reassured me. “What do you want to do?”
“I don’t know… I don’t want to keep messing up everyone’s night.” I sulked.
“Don’t worry about them. They only want what you want. They’ll understand whatever you choose. They’d all hang out in the parking lot if that’s what you wanted.” He smiled. I believed him. They would. “Do you want to go home?”
I thought about it. I didn’t feel like staying and being around a lot of people. I wouldn’t be much fun. But I didn’t want to ruin Kraig’s night or the rest of the crew. We had made plans. Then again, I didn’t want to go home either. I didn’t want to explain why I was home early to my parents. My parents would say they were right—look at the trouble I got myself into. Finally, I told Patrick, “I don’t want to go home. I’ll stay, I don’t want to be alone.”
“Okay. If you’re sure. But if any time you want to go home, just say so.”
I nodded. “Thanks.” Out of the corner of my eye, I saw someone walking toward us. 
It was Kraig. “Hey, Liz. How are you doing?”
“Better. Thanks.” I forced a half-smile.
“I’m glad.” He looked at Patrick, “Uh…you might want to go back inside. Becca is…well, being Becca. I’ll stay out here with Liz, if you want.”
Patrick sighed and got up, “Okay. It’s up to Liz, you want to stay out here or go back inside?”
I looked at Patrick and Kraig. “I think I’m ready to go back inside.”
Kraig smiled, “Good. Just so you know, everyone’s waiting in the hallway. They want to know that you’re okay.” 
I nodded. It was good to know that in advance, at least I could start to compose myself. I didn’t know what I’d say to them. I was ashamed of what had happened. The last thing I wanted to do was explain the real reason why I freaked out. But it was nice to know that they were worried about me and didn’t go into the dance yet. They cared. It felt good.
Kraig opened the door for us and the three of us entered the hotel. Down the long hallway, I could see the crew. They were standing there, some against a wall, talking and hanging out. If you didn’t know what happened earlier, you wouldn’t have known that they were waiting for their friend who had lost a grip on reality. Becca immediately grabbed a hold of Patrick. Emily and Cassie stepped toward me, slowly, as if they were not sure if I would freak out with sudden movements.
“Hey, you okay?” Emily asked.
“Yeah…” I didn’t know what else to say. I wanted to get the focus off me, as quickly as possible. “I appreciate you guys waiting for me, but you should go on into the dance.”
“Come on, Patrick! Let’s go! I didn’t get this dress to stand out here in the hall waiting for some people.” Becca scowled and pulled Patrick toward the ballroom. 
Patrick looked at me, “You okay?”
I nodded, “Yeah, go.” They walked into the dance, with Becca draping herself all over him. I wondered how he would hold up through tonight.
“You are staying. Right?” Cassie wondered.
“Yeah. I’m staying. But, I think I need to fix my hair, it’s kind of a mess.”
“We’ll help. You guys go in and get a table. We’ll be in soon.” Cassie and Emily carefully put their hands on my back and led me to the restroom. 
I looked at myself in the mirror and I looked like crap. They helped me fix my hair and makeup. It’s a good thing, too. I never come prepared with grooming stuff, and between the two of them, they had everything. They got me looking close to what I did when I first got to the hotel. That was a pretty amazing feat. 
“There! Good as new!” Emily said proudly.
“Thanks.” It was nice not to see all that pain streaked across my face so clearly for everyone to see.
“You know, it’s good what you did to Joey. It was bound to happen. Maybe now he’ll stop grabbing girls like that and stop acting like he’s in junior high. It isn’t funny or cute.” Emily said carefully, trying not to upset me.
“Yeah, I always hated it when he did that to me. I’ve wanted to hit him. I’m glad you did.” Cassie agreed.
“Really?” I asked apprehensively.
“Yeah. So, don’t worry about it. All people will remember is Joey got what he always deserved.” Emily put her arm around my shoulders and squeezed. I smiled at her and Cassie in the mirror. “You ready?”
I nodded and took a deep breath. I was as ready as I would ever be. We headed into the ballroom and entered the dance. I looked around to find the table where the rest of the guys were. Emily spotted them and walked to the table that was close to the ballroom’s side wall with a clear view of the dance floor. Bobby and Jason went up to their girlfriends and asked them to dance. Tony and Karen were already out on the floor dancing. I assumed that Patrick and Becca were out there as well, since they weren’t at the table.
The loud dance music pulsated through the ballroom. Kraig and I hung out at the table, chatted and pointed out the outrageous dancers. The nice thing about dancing to fast songs is that you don’t have to have a partner. Dancing in groups of three or more is common. Every so often, some of the crew would come back to the table to take a break and rest. When they did, I could convince Kraig to go dance and join the others—he wouldn’t go otherwise. The girls wanted to keep dancing, but the guys would rotate out, always leaving me with Kraig, Bobby, Jason or Tony, at one time or another. I was never alone. I didn’t have to ask them to do that, they just did.
Of course, when slow songs came on, the dance was for partners only. It was nice to not have the bass of a song pound through me when ballads played. During the second slow song set, Kraig asked, “Do you want to dance?”
“No, it’s okay. I told you…me and dancing are like drinking and driving. We don’t mix.”
“Come on, I buy that for fast songs, but for slow? You don’t have to really do anything but sway back and forth.” He had a point. “And I promise you’ll always know where my hands are.” He grinned and showed me both his hands, palms up.
I suppose the night couldn’t get any worse. I hoped that I got my one major embarrassing moment out of the way already. “Since you asked so nicely…sure.” I got up and we headed to the dance floor. I was really tense. I hadn’t danced with a guy since before the attack. I definitely hadn’t had a guy touch me like that since then either. I tried not to flinch when he innocently put his arms around me. It’s just Kraig. It’s just Kraig. I’m okay. 
“Relax. I got your back.” He smiled. “Literally. No one can sneak up behind you with us dancing like this.”
“That’s true. I didn’t think of it that way.” I chuckled and relaxed a little.
Kraig and I continued our people watching while we danced. Some people danced so close, you wondered how they were able to breathe at all. As we danced and turned, I spotted Patrick and Becca. Becca had her head on Patrick’s shoulder and lifted it just in time to see me. She flipped her hair and started making out with him, then grabbed his ass. From Patrick’s reaction, it caught him off guard. He pulled back, but Becca, like a magnet, reattached herself to him. Patrick dropped his arms and stopped dancing. He said something to her, which it seemed, made Becca react with more flirtation. 
He turned and walked over to our group’s table, with Becca close behind. Patrick sat down facing the dance floor and she plopped down on his lap. I lost sight of them as other couples got in my line of sight. I shouldn’t be spying on them anyway, but I was worried about Patrick and I couldn’t help it—besides, it gave me something else to think about. He had helped me so much and I wanted to return the favor. I didn’t really know how to except to be there for him.
The last slow song of the set ended and the dance music resumed. Kraig and I headed back to the table. Patrick and Becca were still there. 
Kraig pulled out a chair for me to sit on. “Want something to drink?”
“Sure. Water would be nice.” I answered.
“No problem.” Kraig looked at Patrick and Becca. “You guys want something?”
“Ooh, diet anything. Make sure it’s cold.” Becca responded patronizingly.
“Damn, Becca. Why you do have to be like that? He’s being nice.” Patrick was still annoyed, she just rolled her eyes. “I’ll get it, Kraig.”
“It’s okay.” Kraig shrugged. “You want anything?”
“No, thanks.” Patrick replied. Kraig left to go get our drinks. Patrick turned to face me and was about to say something when Becca took his face in her hands and started kissing him. 
Becca finally came up for air, “Where’s Kraig? I’m thirsty.”
I wanted to say…Well, if you weren’t sucking on Patrick’s face every chance you got, you wouldn’t be so dehydrated. But I didn’t. Kraig, thankfully, was back with her soda and two waters, before I said something I shouldn’t.
“Here you go.” Kraig handed Becca her soda. She quickly took it from him and started sipping it. “And for you…” He opened my water bottle before handing it to me.
I took the bottle and smiled. “Thank you.”
“Welcome.”
Patrick nudged Becca and nodded in the direction of Kraig. She looked at Kraig and got the hint, “Oh. Thanks.” Her focus returned to Patrick. All of a sudden, she looked at me, “Hey! Take our picture.”
“What?” I couldn’t believe she was actually talking to me.
“Well, aren’t you our designated photographer? Isn’t that what you said?” Becca was being a bitch about it, but was right. It was the plan. Taking pictures was a way for me to be a part of the night, part of the group, but not have to dance and be ‘safe’ behind the lens.
“Becca, lay off her. She’s having fun.” Patrick interrupted.
“No. She said she’d take pictures.” Becca demanded. “She ruined our earlier ones, the least she can do is take some pictures for us now.” She was in full pout mode.
“I’m sorry about that.” Thanks for the reminder, Becca. I was able to put what happened earlier out of my mind for a bit and was having some fun. She slapped me back into reality.
Patrick looked squarely at me and shook his head, “You don’t have to.” He turned to Becca, “And she didn’t ruin anything. We had plenty of pictures taken earlier.”
“It’s okay… I said I would take pictures.” I fished the camera out of my purse.
“See, she wants to do it.” Becca was cheerful because she felt she won. “Come on, Paddy. Smile!” She primped herself on Patrick.
“You don’t have to do this, Liz.” He said soberly. He didn’t sound like himself. He sounded so…regretful.
I nodded, “Yeah, I do.” I lifted the camera to my face. “Smile.” Becca posed by draping herself around Patrick, he forced a smile. “Okay, 1…2…3….” I took the picture.
At some point, everyone made their way back to the table to take a break before going back out to dance. I took pictures of everyone in the crew, with different poses and mixes. Emily grabbed my camera, handed it to Bobby and insisted that I was in some of the pictures. By the end of the dance, I must have taken at least 60 different pictures of everyone. 



26. FALL OUT

After the dance, we headed to a diner. When Kraig and I got there, almost everyone was there already seated. The table seemed short for our group, seating for eight instead of ten. 
I looked around the table, “We need two more chairs. Patrick and Becca aren’t here yet.”
Bobby looked at Jason. “I don’t think they’ll make it.” Emily shot Bobby a look.
Jason continued, “Yeah, they had a detour to make, which could take…” Cassie nudged him.
“15 minutes.” Bobby interrupted. Emily hit his arm, but Bobby and Jason were already cracking up. “You’re right, he’s in good shape. Ok, or more. Sheesh.”
I stared at the four of them, not quite understanding what was going on. I looked at Kraig and Tony, hoping they knew what the hell the others were talking about, but I don’t think they were even paying attention, because they seemed fairly clueless as well. At least I wasn’t alone in the clueless department. Patrick had told me that he would be here at the diner, that much I knew. I wonder what happened.
The guys all seemed really hungry. They ordered a bunch of different appetizers. I took some pictures of the mounds of French fries covered with chili and cheese, fried zucchini, nachos, onion rings, and potato skins. Was there anything fried or covered in cheese that we didn’t order? 
I took pictures of everyone digging into the food, or at least trying to. I got some good shots of long strands of cheese from the plate to Bobby’s or Tony’s mouth as they tried to get their share of the nachos. 
We had been at the diner for about an hour. Half of the food we ordered had been eaten when I saw Patrick walking toward our table. He was alone. He grabbed a chair from a nearby table and put it next to me. 
“Hey! Patrick!” Bobby shouted and put his hand out. They shook hands, well in their own way. “Didn’t think you’d make it.” Bobby laughed.
“Yeah. Me either.” Jason shook Patrick’s hand. “I thought you’d be too…distracted to remember we’d be here.” 
Cassie slapped Jason’s arm, “Leave him alone. You’re bad.”
Patrick plopped down in the seat. “Sorry, I’m late.”
“If you were safe, hopefully she won’t be.” Bobby chided.
Emily elbowed Bobby. “Where’s Becca?”
Patrick answered, “Uh…home.” He rolled his eyes, “We had a fight. So I took her home.”
“You guys okay?” Emily asked.
He shrugged his shoulders and was indifferent, “Who knows? Whatever.” He put some fries on a plate and started eating. “What’d I miss?”
The guys caught him up on their antics at the diner. The server came by and we ordered five different desserts. 
While everyone was talking across the table, Patrick quietly asked me “What did you have?”
I shook my head and rolled my eyes. I couldn’t believe that despite having a fight with his girlfriend, he was worried about me and my eating habits. “Patrick, I’m fine. I’m more worried about you.”
“Humor me. You aren’t the only one who looks for a distraction.” He sounded so desperate.
I understood what he meant. “A little zucchini and onion rings. They have a really good dip here for them.” I had one of each, but I did manage to eat a little.
The desserts arrived and we passed them around so everyone could have some. It was like a merry-go-round of pies, cakes and sundaes.
It was getting really late. Tony and Karen had already left and I had a 2:00am curfew. So, Kraig and I started saying good-bye to everyone. Patrick was ready to leave too. I guess he didn’t want to be left there with two couples. I didn’t blame him. The three of us walked to Kraig’s car together. Normally, I’d feel really uneasy about being out so late, but having two guy friends walk you to the parking lot, made me feel a lot better. 
Patrick came over and gave me a hug. “Night. I’m glad you came. You had fun?” Kraig walked over to the driver’s side and waited.
“Yeah, for the most part.” I looked at him, there was something restless in his face. “Call me, if you want to talk.”
He nodded. “Yeah…I’ll call you later.” I climbed into the car and he closed the door. He walked over to Kraig’s side. They did that guy handshake of theirs and said good-bye.
When Kraig opened his door, I could hear him say, “Take it easy, man. Sorry about Becca. Let me know if you want to go paint-balling or something tomorrow.” Guys. I guess that’s their way of supporting each other. Kraig got in and started the engine. We waited for Patrick to start his car before we drove off.
“Thanks for taking me to the dance.” I told Kraig.
“No problem. I’m glad you had fun. I did, too.” He replied.
“I’m… uhh…sorry about what happened earlier.” I was hesitant to bring it up, but I wanted to apologize for making his evening different than what we originally planned.
“Don’t worry, my toes will recover.” He snickered.
“What?! I didn’t step on your toes. I’m not that bad.” I exclaimed.
“No? That wasn’t you? Hmm…maybe it was some other girl I danced with tonight. Then what?” He glanced over at me with a sly grin on his face. “I don’t know what you’re talking about then.”
I guess that was his way to let me know he considered it forgotten. I said the only thing that came to mind, “Thanks.”
When we got to my house, he unbuckled his seat belt. I looked at him, slightly confused, but a little relieved. “Patrick made me promise to walk you to the door and make sure that you got in okay.” 
I couldn’t help but smile. We got to the porch and I unlocked the door. I gave him a quick hug, “Thanks again, you’re a good friend.”
“You’re welcome. Anytime. Good night.”
“Night.” I walked inside and locked the door behind me. A few seconds later, I heard his car door close and his car drive away. Instead of my usual silence when I entered the house, I was unusually loud, to let my parents know I was home on time. When I got to the hallway, I glanced at their bedroom door and the light that flickered underneath from the television was suddenly gone. Whoever, waited up, probably my dad, knew I was home and shut off the television to go to sleep.
I quickly got ready for bed and hurried back to my room. Shortly after I climbed into bed, my cell phone rang. It was Patrick.
“Hello.”
“Hey, Liz…you get home okay?” He sounded distant.
“Yeah…” I guess he still wanted a distraction.
“Did he walk you to the door?”
“Yes. You’ll be glad to know that Kraig followed your directions. He walked me to the door, waited until I was inside, and the door was locked before leaving.”
“Good. How was your night?”
“If you don’t include me freaking out, it was pretty good.”
“I saw that you did go out there and dance. I thought you said you didn’t dance.” He teased me.
“Well, Kraig convinced me that I couldn’t really screw up slow dancing and that he could still watch my back, so no one could sneak up on me.” I laughed. “Literally.”
Patrick chuckled, “That’s true.”
“I had fun. I’m glad I stayed.” The night did get better, for the most part, with the exception of Becca giving me a hard time.
“That’s good. I’m glad you did, too.” He paused. “I just wanted to make sure that you got home okay and see how you were doing.”
“Patrick, are you okay?” There was something in his voice that seemed like he was trying hard to be normal. I knew that sound well, but usually it was from my own voice.
“I’m alright. Tired, I guess.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” I agreed with his sister Lindsey. I didn’t understand what Patrick saw in Becca, and why he didn’t see what his family saw in her. But I didn’t want him to hurt and right now, he was.
“Not now. It’s late. We’ve had a long day. Can we talk tomorrow?”
“Sure.” Of course. Anytime.
“You doing anything?”
“Nope. Nothing really planned.” I was so caught up with the Winter Formal, getting permission and stuff that I hadn’t thought about the rest of the weekend. 
“Hmm…” He was quiet for a moment. “How about I pick you up around 10? Is that too early?”
“Whenever you want, ten is fine.” Even though it was late, and I was tired, I knew I wouldn’t be able to sleep in.
“Okay. I’ll pick you up then.” He sighed. “Good night.”
“Night.” I closed my cell phone. I laid in bed going over everything that happened tonight. I didn’t see Patrick many times at the dance, but when I did, he didn’t seem…happy. Something was off. I just couldn’t put my finger on it. I finally fell victim to exhaustion and drifted off to sleep.
* * *
The next morning, promptly at 10:00 am, Patrick was at the door. On the surface, he seemed more like himself, but I could tell, he wasn’t.
“Morning.”
“Morning. You ready to go?” He asked. There was still something sad and distant in his voice.
“Yeah. All set.” I grabbed my backpack and closed the door behind me. As we walked to his car, I wondered out loud, “Where are we going?”
“You’ll see.” He simply said. He glanced over to me, “A place I like to go when I need to think.” We got to his car and he opened the door. “If that’s okay.”
I got in, “That’s fine. Whatever you want to do.” Patrick nodded and shut the door.
We drove off to the west. He handed me his CD folder. “Pick something you want to listen to.”
I looked through the CDs and found something to listen to. I placed it in the CD player. “Hmm. I should have known.” Patrick shook his head and laughed. I was glad I could do something to make him smile.
“What?” I asked innocently. “You said…I can change it.” I started to flip through the CD case again.
He put his hand on the case, “No. It’s fine. I just meant that…I knew you’d pick that CD. It’s…so…you.” Patrick quickly added, “I mean that in a good way.”
I smiled, “I like this music.”
 “I know.”
“Besides, I could use the practice before the concert.”
“No, you want to practice, ‘cause you’re an overachiever.” He teased.
“Well…yeah.” I admitted. It was true. If I was going to do something, I wanted to do my best at it. Never mind that I really loved to sing. So, it never really felt like practice to me. “But I don’t want to subject you to anything…”
“Go ahead.” He glanced at me as he continued to drive, “I could use the distraction.”
I sang along with a few of the songs that played as we drove to our destination. We had driven as far west as we could go. Patrick pulled off to the side and parked in the dirt. There were no other cars around. We got out of the car and I smelled the ocean breeze. The only sound I heard was the waves crashing below. It was beautiful and calming there.
“This place is beautiful. Where are we?”
“Just north of Moonlight Bluffs.” He looked at me and saw I was wide-eyed, taking in everything. “Nice, huh?”
“Uh. Yeah. It’s amazing.” We started walking to a big boulder near the edge of the bluff.
“I usually come here when I want to be alone and think. The guys don’t even know about this place. No one does. Or did.” His lips tightened.
I pretend to zip my lips, “They won’t hear it from me.”
Patrick and I sat down on the ground and leaned up against the boulder, looking out over the ocean. We sat quietly for a few minutes, just watching the waves. I wanted to say something, but decided against it. I figured he went here to think, and I should let him think. I was just glad that he was letting me be there for him.
He finally broke the silence, “Sorry Becca was being a bitch about the pictures. She shouldn’t have done that.”
“You’re not responsible for what she does. But thanks.” I wondered if this was his way of getting around to what happened. “That…wasn’t what you fought about, was it?” 
“It came up. But, no, not really.” He sighed and was quiet.
I was glad it wasn’t. It was really unlike him to be this quiet. I know whatever happened really upset him, but I didn’t want to push. “If you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to.”
We sat in silence for another minute. Finally, Patrick spoke. “It’s not that I don’t want to, well, I kinda don’t. But it’s not easy to. I don’t know what to do…” He ran his hand through his hair in frustration.
“If it’s easier to talk to one of the guys, I understand. It’s okay.” I offered.
“No.” He quickly said. “Do you remember that stuff that Bobby and Jason were saying to me when I got to the diner?”
“Kinda. But I didn’t really get what they were saying.”
“You wouldn’t.” He said with a chuckle. “If you did, this would be easier. But it’s nice you didn’t.”
I thought about Bobby and Jason. “They said stuff earlier that I didn’t understand. Emily and Cassie kept hitting them.”
“I’m sure they did.” He picked up a stick and drew figure eights in the dirt. Patrick took a deep breath and exhaled. “So, after the dance, I had planned to go to the diner with everyone. Becca had…a different plan.” He stopped doodling with the stick and stared out to sea. 
She had other plans? So, she changed her mind and instead of coming with us she wanted him to go with her friends? There had to be something I still wasn’t getting.
“She had…uh…gotten a room at the hotel.” He looked at me without turning his head.
Ahh… Now I got it, what her ‘other’ plans were. Boy, am I dense. I really shouldn’t be surprised. It made sense, the way she acted, especially last night. But, I guess, I didn’t actually think she’d try to do that. Huh.
“She told me that her friends were having an after party there and just wanted to stop by and say ‘hi’ before going to the diner. I figured, ‘Why not? We’d only be a few minutes late.’” He exhaled and shook his head. “When we got to the room, there was no party.”
I sat there watching Patrick. I could see how uncomfortable he was as he relived that moment. He couldn’t look at me.
“We had talked about it before. Well, she kept bringing it up…and…I had been able to…I don’t know…steer the conversation a different way…avoid it… About a month ago, when she brought it up again, I finally told her that…I didn’t want to rush into something like that. That wasn’t how I was brought up. Well, the last few weeks, she kept talking about a surprise she had for me…and she was really excited and knew I would be too. That she had a great night planned…that kind of thing.”
He exhaled, “That was her big surprise. A hotel room and sex. Anyway…she kept trying to…get me to change my mind. Acting all sweet and sorry about how she acted earlier, but how she really wanted me, to be with me.”
Patrick shook his head. “You see, Becca usually gets what she wants, when she wants it. I know that. I guess that’s why I started liking her in the beginning. There was something about her. I just never thought that she would do that to me. I always thought that she at least respected my opinion about things. Especially something like this.
“Becca kept telling me that she loved me and that she would prove it to me, if I let her. I kept telling her to stop… Yeah, she didn’t like that. She got really mad. Really mad. If you think you saw her mad about the pictures, that was nothing. I tried to stay calm, but she kept after me. We got into a big fight. She wanted to know what was wrong with her…with me…with us. It was like the time we talked about why I didn’t want to do it before never happened. I thought she understood, but she didn’t. Well, it was more like, she didn’t care. That’s what made me really mad. She really didn’t care what I thought. It became more and more clear that the only person she cared about was herself and I didn’t really matter. At least, not the way I wanted to.”
“If she really loved you, she wouldn’t ask you to do something that you really didn’t want to do. Something she knew that you didn’t want to do. That’s not love.”
“You’re right. I know.” He sighed, “It’s not that I don’t ever want to do it, or I don’t think about it… It’s just… I don’t know. It’s supposed to be about love… About forever and the thought of forever with Becca…ugh. I guess, I knew that I didn’t want to with her. It wasn’t right. Lately, I can’t see New Year’s with her. I had a hard enough time getting through the dance last night, even before the hotel room.”
“Yeah, I noticed. The few times I saw you, you didn’t seem to be having much fun. You looked like you were just trying to get through it.”
“Well, I told you that I’ve never been into big public displays of affection and lately, she’s been getting more and more…” He searched for a word, “Outgoing. I mean, I could do without her attached at my hip or my mouth every time she feels like it, no matter who’s around and what’s going on. It’s embarrassing.”
I knew what he meant. To me, it was awkward to watch. Not just with him and Becca, but anyone. 
“Liz, am I wrong?” He looked at me, searching for an answer.
“No. If it wasn’t right for you and something you didn’t want to do, then you did the right thing. No one has the right to force anyone into sex or anything else—stranger or not, guy or girl.”
He looked down and nodded. “I don’t know what to do… She was so angry…the things she said…” He stared back out to the distance, “Hurt. I don’t know if I could forgive her for it.”
“You’re mad, too. Give it some time.”
“It wasn’t just about me. If it was just me, I think I could deal…somehow. It was also about people I care about. My family…you…the crew…that…” His eyes blazed with anger. He cracked his knuckles. “Crossed the line. At that point, I knew I had to get out of there. I told her she could stay there alone in the room or I could take her home. But I was leaving.”
Always a gentleman, even when mad. I couldn’t believe he gave her a choice. If it were me, I would have been so mad that I would have left and not worried how the other person got home.
“When we were in the car, can you believe she said she wanted to go with me to the diner?” He rolled his eyes and shook his head. “She was worried about what everyone would say and wanted to ‘keep up appearances.’ I told her that I was going alone. I needed some space. So, I took her home.” He took what sounded like a cleansing breath. “It was too late to go running or come here last night, so that’s why I went to meet up with all you guys.”
That explained so much. How Becca was during the dance, how he seemed at the diner…the cracks Bobby and Jason made. 
“When did she get like this?” Patrick scratched his head and stared at me. “Was she always like this?”
“I don’t know…” I looked away.
“Liz…tell me. Remember? Truth.” He begged, “Please?”
“Well, I didn’t really know her before hanging out with you. But…Becca always seemed…aggressive. Like you said, she knows what she wants…and charms her way to get it. It’s fine when you are on the good end of things and she wants something from you, but if she doesn’t get it…well, I’ve heard some stories.”
“How did I not see it? What’s wrong with me?” He was filled with self-loathing.
I wanted to say or do something that would make him feel better. But what? I wasn’t exactly sure what that was. I put my hand on his leg. “You liked her. She likes you, she wanted you. You were on the good end of things. There’s nothing wrong with you. You saw what she wanted you to see, that’s all.”
“God, why didn’t I see how bad she was?”
“I’m not saying that there isn’t good in Becca. There is. She has her moments. You always see the best in people. It’s one of the great things about you. Don’t let her ruin that. You can’t say that you guys didn’t have fun, right? So, maybe things have changed. Maybe she has. It happens.”
He ran his fingers through his hair. “Yeah, I guess it does. Doesn’t make what I have to do easier though.”
So, I guess he had made his decision. I didn’t envy him. “No, it doesn’t.”
We sat there for a while, watching the waves and surfers, just hanging out. After a while, Patrick got up and asked if I wanted to check out the rest of the bluffs. I guess he was starting to feel a little better or didn’t want to think about Becca anymore. We walked along a partial trail that led into a nature preserve. The view was beautiful—the trees and flowers overlooking the ocean. I could easily see why it was his favorite place to think. We must have hiked about a mile or so before turning around and walking back to the car. It wasn’t until we got back to the car that we realized how hungry we were. We decided to get something to eat before heading home.



27. BUBBLE BURST

I got to physics on Monday a little early before class because I wanted to talk to Joey and see how Patrick was doing. Patrick was usually there before class started, but he wasn’t there yet. I watched the door, waiting for either of them. The minutes ticked by after the first bell. Patrick came in just a couple minutes before class started.
“Hey, Patrick. How are you doing?”
He took a deep breath. “Okay.”
“Did you...uh…” I didn’t know how to ask if Patrick had broken up with Becca. 
“Talk to Becca?” He nodded. “Yeah.”
“How did it go?” I asked carefully.
“Ehh.. I’ll tell you later.” He gazed downward and shook his head. The bell rang. “After school.”
“I have choir rehearsal.” I whispered as Mr. D started talking to the class.
“I have practice. Meet me outside the locker room after?” He replied quietly.
I nodded. I turned to look for Joey. I saw him as he rushed to his seat just after the bell rang. He kept his head down as he sat down. I guess I’ll have to catch him after class.
The first day back after a dance is always filled with everyone sharing their stories. Mr. D gave everyone two minutes to talk before starting on his lecture. Joey kept his head down and his mouth shut. I overhead a few people talk about what happened to Joey. I was glad that they focused more on him than on me. Two minutes was not enough time for Patrick to fill me in, but it was enough for me to let him know what my plans were. 
“I’m going to try to talk to Joey today.” I told Patrick.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Patrick had a clearer memory about what happened than I did. The protective tone in his voice was strong. It worried me, but also made me realize how much I had to talk to Joey.
“I need to.”
“I’ll go with you.” I know that he wanted a distraction from his life, but I had to do this on my own.
“No.” I insisted. “I need to talk to him by myself.”
“Fine. But make sure you’re not alone with him.” It was clear that he disapproved of my idea, but not enough to really talk me out of it.
Mr. D called the class to order and started on his lecture. It was nice to focus on class work. Joey’s head didn’t move much during the class period. I wanted to talk to him right after class, but as soon as Mr. D dismissed the class, he was out the door.
* * *
With the concert this week, choir class was intense. Mrs. Marshall tried to get us through the entire program during the entire class period. Pretty crazy considering the period is an hour long and our program is 90 minutes long. The bell rang midway through one of our songs. Because she made us finish the song before leaving, I had to rush to my next class.
We had a timed writing prompt in English. I guess spending the entire period writing an in-class essay was a way to guarantee students didn’t talk. Of course, we did need the practice. I finished my essay a few minutes before the bell rang and had a chance to review it before the end of class. If I paced myself right, I would always re-read my work before turning it in. I always wanted to be sure that I answered the prompt and didn’t stray too far off topic. The bell rang and Mr. Ludlow collected our essays at the door.
From English, Patrick and I walked together to lunch. He didn’t meet up with Becca and she didn’t meet him at the door. As we turned a corner, I saw Joey. There weren’t many people along this hallway, so it seemed the closest I’d get, or want to get, to a private conversation with him.
“I’m going to talk to Joey.” I told Patrick.
“I’ll be here.” Patrick stopped just a few feet away from where Joey was.
I caught up with Joey. “Hi, Joey.”
Joey turned. He had some scratches on his face and a cut on his lip. “What the hell do you want?” He snapped at me.
I took a step back. I wasn’t prepared for the anger in his voice. I figured he’d be mad at me, but I didn’t expect him to bite my head off. Maybe Patrick was right, this wasn’t a good idea. No, I had to do this. I looked over at Patrick and he started to come over. I shook my head and motioned for him to stay and wait. My voice started to tremble. “I wanted to talk to you.”
“Go ahead. Talk.” He stood there, keeping a good distance from me, waiting.
 “I wanted to…apologize for what happened at the dance.”
“You mean, going all psychotic on me?” Joey’s voice got loud. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Patrick walk over to us. I didn’t stop him this time. Now, I did want him next to me. I didn’t think that Joey would do anything to hurt me, but it didn’t hurt for Patrick to be there, just in case.
“Yeah. That.” I shook my head apologetically. “You didn’t deserve it.” I didn’t feel like I was being clear. I cleared my throat. “I should have just told you to stop from the beginning, instead of losing it like that. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
He glared at me, “Yeah, well…” He stopped in the middle of what he was going to say when he saw Patrick.
“I know that I shouldn’t have freaked out like I did, but you should not have done that to me. Don’t you ever…ever touch me like that again.” My voice was firm. 
“I don’t get what the big deal was. I was just having fun. I thought you were there to have fun.” He was patronizing. It made me angry that he still didn’t get it.
“I was. But, it wasn’t fun for me and it is a big deal. In case you’re not clear, don’t ever do that to me again. I don’t like it. No matter what you think, I don’t want it. Do you understand?” I was going to get my point across. My tone was even harder and steadfast.
Joey looked at me and blinked slowly. “Yeah.” He spoke softly. Maybe it would sink in with him.
“Anyway, that’s all I wanted to say. I’m sorry about it, but don’t do it again.” Patrick and I walked away from Joey. We headed toward the table where the rest of the crew hung out. I sighed. “Thanks for being there.”
“Anytime. You did good.” He sounded proud.
“Thanks.” I took a deep breath. “I’m glad that’s over.”
Relief washed over me as we got to the table. I felt like I could get past what happened at the dance. It was nice to be around friends and relax. I quickly ate lunch and laughed at Tony and Kraig’s goofiness. Now, all I had to worry about was the concert this week. 
Not that I really was worried about it, just nervous. I was always nervous before a concert, but once everything started, I’d get wrapped up in it and everything was fine. The more I practice, the better I felt. I was glad that I had rehearsals every day after school leading up to the concert. It helped build up the excitement and my self-confidence. Inside, I knew I could sing. I loved to sing. But the more I did it and rehearsed with the choir for the performances, the better I felt. It became more instinctual and natural, than me thinking about it. The minute I thought about what came next, I would be in trouble and get lost. No, practice was definitely good and I didn’t complain about it.
We did a full rehearsal of the entire concert after school. It felt so good to actually sing on stage. It also helped to hear the acoustics of the auditorium. I imagined what it would be like when there was an audience there. I couldn’t help but smile. It’s weird, but even though it’s me on stage, it isn’t. The music and lyrics wrapped some cloak around me and I’m someone else. It’s a great high.
I’d ride that high as long as I could. After rehearsal, I knew Patrick, Jason and Bobby would still be in basketball practice, so I headed toward the gym to watch. I hummed to myself as I turned the corner. Just then, I felt a strong pull on my backpack. I jerked back at the force and spun around. What the hell…
“You little bitch.” There was such hate dripping from those words.
“Becca? What did you call me?” Who the hell did she think she was? What did I ever do to her?
“You heard me, you little bitch. It’s all your fault.” Becca was seething.
“My fault?!” She blamed me for Patrick and her break up. I don’t think so! “It’s not my fault. Maybe you should look in the mirror to see who to blame.”
“Paddy and I were happy until you showed up.” Wow! Was she trying to make me feel guilty? Like I ruined some great love? Yeah, right. She really did live in her own world. I rolled my eyes in disbelief. 
 “Don’t blame me because Patrick finally saw you for the user you are.” I snapped back at her.
That did it. Becca shoved me with both her hands. I had to step back to keep my balance. I can’t believe she pushed me. No one pushes me. I wasn’t going to let her get away with it. I shoved her back. 
My face stung as Becca hit me across the face. I felt every nerve in my body stand at attention. That ‘fight or flight’ instinct kicked in and I was not going to run. Even if I wanted to, it was too late for that. I returned her favor, by slapping her. I was so focused on Becca that I never really noticed her friends beside her. Once I made contact with her face, they jumped in. One of them grabbed my arms behind me.
I struggled to free myself. As I looked behind me at her friend who restrained me, Becca got in a cheap shot. Before I realized it, I felt a sudden and excruciating pain in my face. My eyes immediately filled with tears from the pain. Now, all I wanted to do was free my hands to grab my nose. I doubled over in pain. Blood dripped to the ground.
The pain was everywhere and came from every direction. It was squeezing the life out of me. Every breath I took seemed to come with a new sharp pain. My head moved around like a bobble-head doll. My knees were buckling underneath me. Whoever was holding me in place for Becca let go and I fell to the ground like a rag doll. That didn’t stop Becca or her friends from kicking or hitting me. 
I felt like my ears were buzzing. I could vaguely make out what Becca was saying. I just wanted the beating to end. Why didn’t I notice her friends there as backup? How could I have been so stupid? I should have walked away the second I saw Becca. Why did I walk this way? If I didn’t take this shortcut… If I walked to the gym the normal way, she wouldn’t have been able to get me alone like this. I don’t think I can take much more of this. I felt my face against the cold concrete while the world faded into darkness.



28. PROTECTION

I felt something pull at my backpack. Was this starting all over again? Didn’t this just happen? I didn’t have the strength or ability to push it away. I could faintly hear my phone ringing then stop. I couldn’t tell if someone was there or not. Did someone just take my cell phone and answer it? Who?
“Patrick?” It was a guy’s voice. Wait, Patrick was calling me? Oh my god, I was supposed to meet him. That’s where I was going. “Joey.” Joey? What was he doing here? 
Joey immediately yelled back into the phone, “I didn’t do anything. I just found her.” There was a short pause, “Over behind the girl’s locker room.”
Is that where I was? Behind the girl’s locker room? How long had I been lying here? Slowly, I was feeling like I could think and come out of the fog and darkness. 
“Not good. Yeah. I’m not leaving her alone like this. Okay.” I heard my phone close shut. “Liz? It’s Joey. Can you hear me?”
I tried to say something, anything, but all that came out was, “Uhh…”
“Liz…you’re gonna be okay.” 
I felt a hand on my shoulder. I immediately winced and the hand retracted. So, reactionary movements, I could do. Voluntary movements required so much more effort. I knew he wasn’t trying to hurt me, but I couldn’t help but feel scared. Even though he pulled his hand away, the spot he touched throbbed.
I heard several footsteps running in my direction. Did Becca and her friends come back? I put what little energy I had left into finding my way out of the fog. I managed to slowly open my eyes. Joey was on the ground next to me.
“Oh my god! Liz!” Patrick shouted. He fell to his knees beside me. Bobby and Jason were right behind him. I heard Emily and Cassie gasp. “What the hell happened?” He looked at Joey.
“I told you. I don’t know. I found her like this.” Joey responded defensively.
“Uhhh…” Was all I managed to say. I needed to do a better job of communicating than that. I was able to get my eyes open, now I had to get my mouth and brain to work together.
“Liz?” Patrick’s voice cracked as his attention turned back to me. I attempted to push myself up. Patrick helped me sit upright. His touch made me want to jerk back, like I did with Joey. I bit my lip and closed my eyes to set my resolve to sit up—I could taste the blood. I leaned against the wall behind me, grimacing in pain. “God, are you okay? Is anything broken?”
I thought back to that day in the alley and how broken ribs felt like. I had a lot of pain, but nothing resembling that kind of pain. “I don’t think so.” I managed to say softly. Finally, coherent words came out of my mouth. 
I put my trembling hand to my face and felt the still wet blood. My nose had stopped gushing, but it was still bleeding. Emily took out a bunch of tissues from her backpack and handed it to me. I wadded them up and put them over my nose. I winced in pain as I applied pressure to my nose. Between the pain and loss of blood, I was so dizzy and light-headed. I had a hard time keeping my eyes open and my head steady. I just wanted everyone to go away. I didn’t mean that. I didn’t want to be alone, it’s just… I wanted everyone to stop staring at me with horror, pity and disbelief. That’s what I wanted to go away.
“Cassie, Emily, can you get her some water?” Patrick asked. It’s as if he knew I needed to get some of the pressure of everyone gawking at me off.
“Yeah, yeah. No problem. Come on, Cassie.” Emily and Cassie quickly left in the direction of a vending machine. 
“Joey, thanks for staying with her, but we got it from here.” Patrick looked intently on me and barely glanced at Joey.
“I’m not going anywhere.” Joey was staring at me.
“You should go.” Bobby put his hand on Joey’s shoulder.
Joey shook off Bobby’s hand. “No. Not until Liz says so.”
I was not in the mood to referee. In fact, I felt like I was fading. The girls returned with some water and damp paper towels.
“Here, Liz.” Emily handed me an open water bottle. I slowly lifted my hand to get it. Patrick helped me hold on to the bottle since my grip on it was pretty weak. I sipped the water, which felt like it burned inside me. What I really felt was the cold water going down my parched throat and pain associated with anything that required the smallest effort.
“Let’s clean you up a little. Okay?” Cassie offered. I looked up at her and nodded. She looked at Joey. “Excuse me.” He stood up and stepped aside. She and Emily knelt down beside me. They gently wiped my face and hands. It stung.
Patrick finally asked the question that I knew everyone was wondering. “What happened?”
I looked down at the ground and blinked slowly. I had this nagging feeling that I was missing something. Becca said something that I didn’t really hear. What was it? How do I tell him? It wasn’t a question if I would tell him. But how?
“I was walking to the gym to meet you and…got into a fight, if you can call it that. At first, it was just words…next thing I knew I was outnumbered.” That was truthful.
“Who did this to you?”
I didn’t say anything.
“Who?” Patrick paused, waiting for an answer. “Liz, tell me who. I need to make sure that they never hurt you again.” I shook my head. “Why would you want to protect them?”
He had a point. I didn’t want her to get away with this, but I didn’t want to hurt him either. “It’s not them I’m protecting. I don’t want you to get hurt.”
“Don’t worry about me.” He sounded exasperated.
“Yeah, we got Patrick’s back. And yours.” Jason added.
Finally, I whispered. “Becca.”
“Your girlfriend!” Joey grabbed Patrick’s shoulder from behind. “Your girlfriend did this?!”
“Ex. Becca isn’t my girlfriend anymore.” Patrick said gruffly.
“And you were worried about me hurting Liz? And it was your girlfriend.” Joey threw back at him.
“EX.” Patrick angrily turned to face Joey. “What are you deaf?”
“Excuse me.” Joey was sarcastic. “Ex-girlfriend.” He rolled his eyes. “You sure she knows that?”
“Come on Joey, lay off.” Jason interrupted.
“What? You guys…” Joey seemed ready to take them on. 
I didn’t want to listen to anyone fighting. I had enough of that today. “Guys…please. It’s not Patrick’s fault.” I was tired of having everyone look at me with pity in their eyes. I started to get up off the ground. My legs were unsteady and my sense of balance was so off that Patrick had to grab me to keep me from falling. “I’ll be okay. I just need some…” I really appreciated them being there, but I didn’t want to hurt their feelings by asking them to back off.
Patrick picked up on my hint, “Air. Breathing room would be nice.”
Bobby nodded, “Guys, let’s give her some space.” The girls and Jason turned to walk away, but Joey stood still. “You too, Joey.”
“Liz?” Joey looked at me intently, like he wanted me to tell Bobby that he could stay.
“It’s okay, Joey. Thanks, really. But I’ll be alright. You can go. I’ll be fine with Patrick.” I was thankful that he wanted to help, but there was nothing he could do. And I didn’t feel like I could talk to him, the way I can with Patrick.
Joey wasn’t happy to leave. “Only because you said so. Let me know if you need anything. Anything.”
I nodded. “Okay, thanks.”
Joey left. Bobby, Emily, Jason and Cassie walked away and sat at a bench to wait. They were about a building away. With Patrick’s help, I weakly walked over to the closest bench. I took another sip of water. Patrick wouldn’t take his eyes off me and watched my every move.
“Thanks for having them back off. I couldn’t stand them looking at me like that.” I stared at them from a distance.
“No problem. I figured.” He paused and put his hand on my leg. “I’m sorry that Becca…”
“Stop. Like I said, it’s not your fault. You’re not responsible for what Becca does.” I scolded him. I didn’t want to hear it. “She knew what she was doing.”
He looked down for a second. “What happened?”
I shook my head. “You don’t want to know.”
“Yes, I do.” He insisted.
“You’re not going to like it.” I looked at him in the eyes, “You need to promise me that you’re not going to blame yourself.”
“Liz, but…” He shook his head. The second I said her name, I knew he was already doing it. I didn’t want him to. Once I told him what started it, he’d feel really guilty.
“Promise.” I insisted.
“Fine. I promise.” Patrick reluctantly answered. He looked at me, waiting.
“Well…umm…” Great. Now how do I start? It isn’t an easy story to relay. Then again, I’ve had to share tough things before. This isn’t as bad, in the grand spectrum of things. I told him how she grabbed me by my backpack and blamed me for ruining her perfect little lie and breaking them up. 
Patrick winced and ran his hand through his hair. “It wasn’t your fault.”
“I know. I don’t pretend to have that kind of power over anyone. To be honest, at that moment, I was mad. I was pissed that she felt like she had some claim on you. I told her to look in the mirror for someone to blame, ‘cause it wasn’t me.” I sighed and rolled my eyes. “She talked about how happy you guys were, until I came along. She called you Paddy…”
He grimaced. “I really hated it when she called me that. Ugh.”
“I couldn’t stand it either. So, I kind of corrected her.” His eyes got wide. “Yeah, called her a user. Next thing I knew we were shoving each other, then she slapped me. When I hit back, her friends jumped in. Yeah, and it wasn’t to stop the fight. She had me outnumbered. After that, I don’t remember too much. It’s sort of a blur. Next thing I remember was seeing Joey and you.”
“God, Liz. I’m sorry. It’s my…” He tilted his head back, regret stained his face.
“No!” I interrupted him. “You promised! I don’t want to hear it.”
“But…”
“No. You’re not the one to blame for this.” I interrupted. “You didn’t do this to me. She and her friends did.” I started trembling. I was so angry. Angry at her and her friends. Angry that Patrick was blaming himself. Angry that I wasn’t able to fight back. Angry that my friends looked at me in pity.
“Liz…it’s okay. You’re okay. Calm down.” He held my hands which were shaking. Patrick looked at me, trying to read my mind. “Liz, relax.”
I couldn’t. I was so agitated. I looked over to where I had been lying on the ground. I had these out of body visions of what Becca did to me. I didn’t want to sit there anymore. I had to get away. I couldn’t be at school, at that spot right now. “No. No.” I shook my head. “I need to get out of here.”
“Sure. Okay.” Patrick said gently, stood up and offered his hand. I held onto his hand as I got up. I was still a little shaky on my feet, but okay. He walked close to me, in case I needed to be steadied, keeping in pace with me. We went over to where everyone was waiting to tell them we were leaving. I wanted to leave school, but I didn’t know where I wanted to go. I couldn’t go home. Not like this. I was a mess. Patrick walked me to my car in silence. 
Great. He was probably blaming himself, even though I told him not to. He shouldn’t feel guilty that his crazy, bitchy ex-girlfriend blamed me for their break-up. I was just glad that he was done with her. Lindsey had told me to watch my back. Boy, she wasn’t wrong. I should have, especially after knowing that Becca and Patrick just broke up. I shouldn’t have let my guard down, thinking everything was fine. That’s usually when things go bad, and in my case, horribly bad.
“Do you want to be alone? I understand if you don’t want to see me right now.” Patrick’s voice sounded so small and distant. I had never heard him sound crushed before. I didn’t want him to bail on me. God, what if he thought it would be better if he wasn’t my friend. If we didn’t hang out. I couldn’t take that. That’s probably what Becca wanted. It would be just like her to manipulate him like that. To make Patrick feel so bad about me getting beat up, like it was his fault, that he would stop being my friend and go back to her, to get her to leave me alone. No. I would not let that happen. 
“I don’t want to be alone. I hate being alone, especially when I feel like this. You are the only person I want to be with me right now. Please don’t go.” I felt like I was losing it and I couldn’t get a grip on myself. My mind was spinning out of control and the thought of Becca manipulating my friendship with Patrick. Not just messing with me, but with him and making him feel so guilty. And it seemed to be working.
Patrick’s expression changed. It was like he felt a little stronger. “You’re not alone, I’ll stay with you. Where do you want to go?”
“I don’t know. I don’t want to go home, ‘cause my parents will be there. But, I need to change and clean-up.” My shirt was torn and bloodied. My nose had stopped bleeding, but it was obvious that it had. My hair was a mess. I just needed to change my shirt, wash my face, and brush my hair. After that, I could feel some semblance of normal. I was torn, I didn’t know what to do. I needed to change, but I didn’t want to go home.
“Let’s go to my house. You can clean up. I’m sure Lindsey has something you can wear. She won’t mind. We can stay there and hang out or go wherever you want.” 
“Okay.” We both had our cars and couldn’t leave them at school. It would be easier to drive separately to his house and decide what to do from there. I got into my car to wait for Patrick to get his car, when I realized how sore I really was. Ow! Twisting to get into the driver’s seat caused a sharp pain go through my side. Man, that hurt.
I looked in my rear-view mirror and, for the first time, got a small glimpse at myself. What a mess. Before I could dwell on it, I could see him in my rear-view mirror. He waved for me to pull out. Patrick was in full protective mode, watching my back. He followed me to his house. 
I kept replaying what happened in my head. I tried to remember more. I always blanked out at the same place. Why couldn’t I remember more? Alright, I know why, in a way, I was getting the crap beat out of me. But there was something Becca said that I couldn’t remember. Why? Why do I care what she said? I didn’t care what she said when I was conscious and alert. Why should I when I wasn’t? I didn’t like not knowing something or having gaps in my memory. It made me uneasy.
I got to Patrick’s house and he pulled into the driveway, while I parked on the street. I didn’t see any other cars parked at his house, his parents must not be home. I was a little relieved that they wouldn’t see me all messed up. I was slow to get out of car. Patrick was already out of his car and opening my door before I turned in pain to do it myself. Ow. Getting into the car when you’re hurt is one thing. You can plop into the seat and stand the pain as you settled in. But, to get out of the car is a whole other kind of pain. Now, you’re working against gravity and every muscle that hurts.
Patrick had to help me out of the car. Even with his help, it still hurt like hell. This sucked. He carried my backpack as we walked into his house. Patrick put his backpack down in the family room and we headed upstairs to Lindsey’s room. It was weird being in someone’s room when they weren’t there. 
“Just pick whatever. I know Lindsey won’t mind.” Patrick slid her closet door open. 
I looked at the clothes hanging in the closet. I casually flipped through the hangers. Her clothes were nice—blouses, button-downed shirts neatly ironed. All I wanted was a t-shirt. Just a basic t-shirt that didn’t call any attention to me. “Umm… I don’t know. This doesn’t feel right.” I was afraid that I would mess up her clothes. “I’m sure she won’t mind, but still…not asking. I’d feel bad if I spilled something on it or… Nah. It’s okay.” I closed her closet and headed out of her room.
“You sure? I can call her to ask, if it makes you feel better.” Patrick pulled out his cell phone.
“No. Please, don’t bother her. No need to explain why I’d need to borrow something. Let me just wash my face.” I walked to the bathroom. Patrick put my backpack next to the sink. I shut the door behind him and turned the light on. I got my first good look at myself. My pony tail was loose with chunks of hair that fell over my face. I can’t believe this happened again. I can’t believe I let her do this to me. How could this have happened? I’m not going to cry. I’m not going to cry. Not here. Not at Patrick’s, when his family could come home at any minute.
I turned on the water and lathered soap in my hands. I scrubbed my face. It stung as I rubbed the soap into my scrapes and cuts. The dirt and dried blood washed off into the sink. My face felt a little fresher and my hair was a little wet. Ugh, my hair. I pulled the hair tie out of my hair, causing the rest of my pony tail to fall. I shook out my hair, hoping to get the random bits of dirt out. Where is my brush? I dug through my backpack and found it. 
I brushed through the tangles in my hair. Ow. My head hurt too much to put my hair back up into a pony tail. I fixed my hair to fall over part of my face and my shoulders. It was an easy way to partially cover the reminders that Becca left me. Well, at least from the shoulders up, I looked halfway decent. I looked down at my clothes. What am I going to do? I could partially hide the evidence on my face, but my clothes. It was obvious something happened to me when you looked at my shirt. It was torn, dirtied and bloodied. I stared at myself in the mirror. All I wanted to do was shove my shirt into my backpack. That wouldn’t work, I couldn’t go around without a shirt. 
The knock on the door startled me. “How you are doing, Liz?” Patrick asked through the door.
“Umm…okay, I guess. I’ll be right out.” There wasn’t much else I could do.
“I brought you something to change into.”
I thought about his offer of borrowing something from Lindsey. It still felt wrong. I didn’t want to compound my problems. “I told you…” 
“I know. It’s not Lindsey’s. It’s mine. It’s just a t-shirt.”
I should have figured that Patrick would know what I needed. I cracked open the door and his hand reached in with the shirt. “Thanks.”
I quickly pulled off my shirt and shoved it into my backpack. I put on Patrick’s shirt. It felt good—big, but comfortable and clean. It was like I was finally starting to shed off the dirty film that Becca cast on me. I checked myself out in the mirror. Much better. At least now, I looked more presentable.
I opened the door and saw Patrick waiting for me in the hallway. “How are you doing? Feeling better?”
“A little. I feel…cleaner.” I grabbed my backpack.
“That’s good.” He took my backpack from me. “What do you want to do? Hang out here? Go somewhere?” He looked at his watch. “My mom and Andy will probably be home soon. Just so you know.”
I thought about it for a second. “I don’t want them to see me this way. You know?” 
Patrick nodded. “Yeah, I understand. Where do you want to go?” 
“Hmmm… Could we go to the bluffs?” I didn’t know how he’d feel if I suggested going to his favorite thinking place.
“Sure.” Patrick smiled. Good, he isn’t mad. “I was thinking the same thing. Let me get you a sweatshirt. Sometimes, it gets cool right around now.” He ran to his room and came back with two sweatshirts. I put on the sweatshirt he handed me. It was oversized for me, but felt warm and comfy.



29. REALIZATION

Patrick drove us to the bluffs. I don’t think I could get there on my own, since I’ve only been there once before. Besides, I’m geographically challenged, I tend to get lost easily. If I drove out there by myself to think, I’d definitely get lost. You’d have to call the Coast Guard to find me. That wouldn’t be good.
We both were lost in our own thoughts. It had seemed so long ago that Patrick said he’d tell me how his ‘talk’ with Becca went yesterday. But, it was just this morning, not even 10 hours ago. How quickly life can change. My current concerns and thoughts were so different from this morning. You’d think I’d know how fast life can go from good to bad. We were almost to Moonlight Bluffs. “Patrick?”
“Yeah?” He glanced over at me.
“You okay?” I bit the inside of my cheek. I knew something was bothering him, but it wasn’t just about me getting beat up. There was something else.
“I feel bad…” His voice trailed off. We got to the bluffs and he parked the car. 
“I told you…” I tried to remind Patrick that I didn’t blame him, but he cut me off.
“I know. I know.” He unlocked the doors. “Come on.” He motioned for me to get out of the car. It was painful. He helped me get out and we walked over to his thinking spot and sat down.
“Patrick…” I put my hand on his knee.
He placed his hand on top of mine. “Liz…I’m sorry. I said I’d always be there for you…and I wasn’t.”
“Yes, you are.” He did feel guilty. I hated that he did. He had nothing to feel bad about. 
“No, I wasn’t.” He shook his head. “I should have been the one to find you. Not Joey.”
“Is that why you feel guilty? ‘Cause Joey found me?” I looked at him in disbelief. “You had practice. You got there right after practice. There was no way for you to know. You shouldn’t feel bad.”
“No…no, I didn’t.” His voice broke. He looked at me and his eyes welled up. 
“I… I don’t understand.” What was he trying to say?
“I got side-tracked…by Becca.” He stared at me, watching for my reaction.
“Becca?” What the hell? I tried to wrap my brain around it. What did she do? “What do you mean…‘side-tracked’?”
He tilted his head back. “I looked for you after practice and you weren’t there. Instead I saw Becca sitting there…waiting for me. I tried to avoid her. I tried to walk by her, but she stood in my way. She kissed me.” He turned to face me. He was so upset. “I pulled away. She said she wanted to talk. That she wanted to get back together. I told her it was over. There was no going back. I… I couldn’t go back. I didn’t want to. I kept looking at the door, expecting you to come in. When you didn’t, I thought…you were still at rehearsal.” He sighed. “Bobby, Jason and I left the gym and headed to the auditorium. Of course, the place was empty. My mind was racing… I couldn’t figure out where you were. I was scared that you might have seen Becca kissing me and you left. We went to the parking lot and saw your car was still there. Then I got really worried… I was scared something happened to you, because I know you would have called me. Then when I called you and Joey answered… First I thought that he did something to you…that I wasn’t there to protect you, like I said I would.” His eyes were filled with so much remorse.
I turned to face him. “Joey didn’t do anything but answer my phone and see if I was okay. There’s nothing you could have done. Becca had already gotten to me before she ambushed you.”
“I should have known what Becca did…” He brushed my hair away that covered some of my facial cuts. “She said… When she saw me looking for you… She said you won’t be coming anytime soon. That’s why I thought you were still in rehearsal. When I left, I heard her tell her friends that you were no match for her, that I’d come to my senses and come back to her.”
It was like there was something else he wasn’t saying. “What…what else did she say? Don’t stop now. I need to hear it. What else did she say?”
Patrick shook his head, “Uh-uh. No.”
“Please, tell me.” I begged. I had to know.
He looked at me somberly. “She said that you were too weak and that I needed a strong woman like her. A real woman. That I needed her and I’d realize it soon enough.” He shook his head and rolled his eyes.
I stared out over the bluffs, watching the ocean. I wrapped my arms around my knees—my sides screamed. Part of me thought there was some truth to it. He needed a strong woman. I didn’t see myself as strong, but I didn’t see her as strong either. Real woman? What the hell does that mean? What kind of real stuff had she been through? Breaking a nail? A break up with a guy? How am I any less real? If anything, I’ve been through hell and back. That’s real. She wants real. I’ll show her real.
I was angry and tired. I was angry that she did this to me. To Patrick. Tired of being on the receiving end of this crap. I was done being a victim. Assaulted in an alley in a strange city was something I couldn’t do much about. Becca I could handle. I was not going to be her victim. I was not going to let her manipulate Patrick through me. No! I was done being a victim. It was time for me to fight back.
Patrick put his hand on my arm and lightly shook me. I was so angry that tears started welling up in my eyes. Each time I blinked, they poured down my face. Patrick unwrapped my arms from my knees, came closer and hugged me. “Liz…it’s not true. You aren’t weak. You are the strongest person I know.” He said in my ear.
I didn’t think so, but I wanted to believe him. I took a deep breath and swallowed hard. It meant so much that Patrick thought the way he did about me. I don’t think I’d be able to get through life without his support. “Thanks.” I whispered. 
After I calmed down, I pulled away. I wiped my face and took another deep breath. I needed a change in focus. Although, the next topic may not be much better. “So, uh.. you said this morning that you’d tell me what happened yesterday.” I cleared my throat. “So…what happened? How are you doing?”
He got really nervous. “You don’t want to hear about it now.”
“Yeah, I do. I wouldn’t have asked, if I didn’t want to know. But if you don’t want to, I understand. I don’t mean to be nosy.” I insisted. While I didn’t need to know the intimate details of their breakup, I was open to whatever he wanted to share. “I want to be there for you.”
He scratched his head and ran his hand through his hair. “I, uh, went by her house yesterday. She acted like nothing was wrong. You know her…” 
Just like Becca to act like she didn’t do anything wrong or hurt anybody. To act like she was queen of everyone and we should all just adore her.
He sighed. “She threw her arms around me and…for a second, I forgot that last night happened and why I was there.” He shook his head. “Yeah, that didn’t last long. Anyway, I told her I wanted to break up. That…it wasn’t working for me. It went about as you’d expect Becca to take it. Not well. She…she started crying. Usually, I cave when she cries. We’ve had fights where it ended with her crying and me caving. When I didn’t cave and change my mind, she stopped crying. It was weird, it was like she was faking it.”
That manipulative bitch.
“‘Cause all of a sudden she flipped a switch or something.”
Or rather, she started showing her true self.
“She said some really mean things.”
About me and the crew, no doubt. Boy, was she stupid. Saying crap about his friends wasn’t going to make him change his mind. Well, I’m glad he was finally getting to see what the rest of us saw. 
“I knew she’d be upset, but… Humph. I should have known that she would pull something…”
“No matter what happened between you and Becca… Whatever she might think… What she did to me, isn’t not your fault. Don’t worry about me.”
“Yeah, but I do.” He looked at me and my heart hurt. I knew in that moment that he really did care about me. Not that I doubted it, but it seemed so real in that moment. I had a best friend, and it went both ways. It was like…family. Family like it’s supposed to be defined. Not like what I had at home.
“Forget about me for a second. How are you doing?”
He shrugged his shoulders. “Eh. Part of me misses her. I realize you probably don’t understand…” His voice trailed off. Patrick let off a little chuckle and a breath. “But a bigger part of me is glad it’s over. Like I can breathe. I don’t have to worry about fighting over something stupid. I’ll be okay.”
“You sure?” Breaking up with someone isn’t easy, even if you’re the one who did the breaking up.
“Yeah.” Patrick looked at me and his eyes seemed lighter. I could see that he was okay. The back of his hand tapped my leg. “Why don’t we grab something to eat?” He slyly smiled and eyed me carefully. He was checking up on me.
“Sure. How about burgers?” My response caught him off guard. He seemed pleasantly surprised. Not only did I agree to get something to eat after the day I had, but I suggested something. 
“Hmm… I could definitely go for a burger.” He looked at me thoughtfully, scanning my face. “Something’s different.”
The corner of my mouth turned up to a little smile. “Yeah. I’m hungry.”



30. LOOK OUT

When I got to school the next morning, Patrick was waiting for me in the parking lot. He parked next to my usual spot. I was still sore from yesterday, so I was slow to move. Patrick hurried over to my door and helped me out. 
I wore my hair down, partially covering my face. Thankfully, the weather was on the cool side, so the long sleeved shirt I wore didn’t seem odd. I didn’t want to draw any unnecessary attention to myself. Last thing I wanted to do was be asked a million questions or be the focus of any gossip. 
“Here.” I handed him his sweatshirt from yesterday.
“Hang onto it.” He looked me up and down and shook his head. “You didn’t bring a jacket. You might need it later. It’s supposed to be cold today.” He took my backpack off my shoulder, opened it and put the sweatshirt in it.
As we walked to physics, Emily and Bobby came up to us. They wanted to know how I was doing and make sure I was okay. They hung out with us in Mr. D’s room until the bell rang. Joey walked in after the first bell. 
He walked over to my table. “Hey, Liz. Patrick.” Joey was terse when speaking to Patrick.
“Joey.” Patrick nodded hello.
“Hi.” I was glad he came over.
“Joey, thanks for looking out for Liz yesterday.” Unlike yesterday at lunch, Patrick wasn’t glaring at him. He was nicer to Joey.
“Yeah, no problem.” Joey still kept his distance a bit, still wary of Patrick.
“Patrick, could I have a second with Joey?” Patrick nodded and got up. Joey seemed surprised that Patrick left us alone so easily. Well, as alone as you are in a room that is filling up before class starts. “Seriously, Joey, thank you. I don’t know if I had a chance to say that yesterday.”
“You’re welcome. Are you sure you want to still be hanging around him?” Joey pointed in Patrick’s direction. 
“Yes. It’s not his fault for what happened. I’m not letting Becca rule over me and decide who I’m friends with.” There was a slight edge in my voice as I took offense to his question.
“Okay, just as long as you’re sure.” He didn’t seem sure. I didn’t care. It wasn’t his choice either.
“I am.” That I was sure of.
“You know, she won’t be happy about that.”
“I know.” This time, I knew exactly what I was getting myself into. “That’s her problem. I’m not going to let her get away with treating me like that.”
He smiled. “Nice to know it wasn’t just me that you fight back with. Let me know if you need any help. I’d be glad to take her down a notch or three.”
“Really?” That piqued my interest.
“Yeah. Just let me know.”
I grinned, “I’ll keep it in mind. Thanks.” It was reassuring to know that someone would help me if I wanted. I couldn’t ask Patrick. That wouldn’t be fair or right. I would never ask him to pick sides. He shouldn’t have to. No, he needed to be innocent of anything that would happen. He needed to be protected from any other fallout and from, more importantly, Becca. Not that I had figured out what I was going to do exactly. I had a complete blank on that part. 
The bell rang to start class. Joey went to his seat and Patrick came back and sat beside me. Mr. D started reviewing the chapter for the upcoming test. It was good to focus on physics, well, any class work really, and not on Becca. I was not going to let her ruin the sanctuary that class has always been for me.
After physics, Patrick walked me part way to my next class. It was obvious he was worried about me walking alone. At a certain point, he didn’t have much of a choice. His class was in the opposite direction and different part of campus than mine. Besides, I doubted that anything would happen between classes. There were so many students walking to and from class, I really wasn’t alone. This wasn’t after school with no one around or an alley in a strange city. Then again, I guess, technically, there were plenty of people around me in San Francisco, but still, no one noticed what happened. Okay, I just successfully freaked myself out again. I hate this feeling.
After Patrick and I split, I walked as fast as I could to my computer science class. I clutched my backpack and kept looking around me, like I was on red alert or something. Once I got to class, I felt like I could breathe. Ahh, sanctuary again. 
I hurried once again, by myself, to my next class, choir. We were still in rehearsal mode since the concert was tomorrow night. So much to do… It felt great to sing. To just release my anxiety and stress and just sing. It was like what a good workout or run would be to an athlete. I wouldn’t run or lift weights to relieve stress, I’d likely trip or drop a weight on my foot. No, that wouldn’t be good. But, singing… Singing gave me that same rush of adrenaline. It made the world right, at least for the moment.
After choir, I felt better, calmer. I didn’t have that overwhelming feeling to sprint to my next class. As I walked outside, it felt like it was colder than it was before class. I was glad Patrick put his sweatshirt in my backpack. I put it on and felt instantly better, warmer. I rounded the corner of the building to my English class. I was almost to class when someone ran into me. Their shoulder pushed into mine and their huge shoulder bag barreled into my side, right into one of my bruises. 
“OW! Son of a …” I yelled. That hurt. My face and body tightened.
The girl and her friends didn’t stop. She spun around to walk backwards. I looked back at her and saw her roll her eyes and laugh, “You should watch yourself.” She turned back around and laughed with her friends as she walked away into the crowd.
Was that a threat? I kept walking to class. I was a few feet away from the door when Patrick came up to me.
“You okay?” He could see the pain streaked across my face.
“Yeah. Someone accidentally ran into me.” I managed to say through gritted teeth. “Got me right in a sore spot.” The girl looked vaguely familiar, but I couldn’t place her. It was like knowing that someone went to your school, but not knowing much else about them.
Once English class was over, Patrick wouldn’t leave my side. He stayed right next to me all through lunch. Okay, with the exception of when I had to go to the restroom. In which case, he made sure that both Emily and Cassie went in with me. He walked all three of us to the restroom, though. Patrick was definitely in full bodyguard mode.
I had to admit, while I didn’t want him to be stressed out and worry so much about me, it did make me feel better. I felt safer that it just wasn’t my pair of eyes, and apparent pathetic sense of intuition, that were on alert and watching out for me. He had the rest of the crew keeping an eye on me as well. 
Patrick and I walked to math class together. I saw the girl who ran into me earlier. She seemed so familiar. She was staring at us. Patrick followed my gaze back to her.
“Do you know who she is?” Why was I seeing this person again? 
“Umm.. yeah. That’s Nikki. She’s one of Becca’s friends.” He was hesitant in his response. I never really saw Becca with her friends, or rather, didn’t pay much attention to her when she was. But, that’s how I knew her. She was there yesterday. She held me while Becca kicked the crap out of me. I couldn’t help but tense up and ball my hands into fists, it was instinctive. He noticed my reaction. “What is it?”
“She was there.” I snarled in a whisper. He shot at look at Nikki, put his arm around me and we hurried to math.
“I’m walking you to sixth period.” He wasn’t asking or offering, he was telling me.
“Won’t you be late for your class?” I didn’t want him to get in any trouble.
“Don’t worry. I can make it in time.” He was adamant. “And you stay there after the bell to wait for me. I’ll walk you to rehearsal.”
I wanted to argue more. But I was almost as much scared as I was ready to fight back. I wanted to run up to her and kick her ass. That would not be wise. I knew that. It wasn’t time yet. The way I saw it, he was just as much protecting me from Becca as from myself. No, if I did what I wanted to do at this moment in time, I’d get suspended. I could not have that happen. I’ve worked too hard and she wasn’t going to ruin it.
* * *
I laid in bed, staring at the ceiling, going over what happened today. Patrick and I were a wonderful pair of guilt-ridden teenagers. I’m sure his hovering was because he felt it was his fault that I was on the receiving end of Becca’s hate. I felt so guilty that he was being tardy for class, for practice, all in the name of keeping me safe from Becca. Becca, an enemy, I had a name and face for. She was someone who was turning my life and my friends’ lives upside-down. What was worse: someone who did damage to your life and had rippling, long-lasting effects? Or someone who did damage not only to you, but directly affected those around you? Attack against the one or the many? Knowing the victim or being a stranger? Beating someone with an ulterior motive behind it or because of circumstance?
My attacker’s motives were predicated on evil and a twisted sickness. Becca’s were based on manipulation and revenge—and her being a twisted psychotic.
I closed my eyes, trying to remember more. I know Becca had said something while I laid there drifting in and out of the fog. I remembered arguing with Becca and…being held down by Nikki. At some point Becca was leaning over me, upset that her necklace and its charm got caught in my hair. Like it was my fault that my head whipped back and forth as she was hitting me, getting my hair tangled in her necklace. She barked at Nikki and the other girl to help her get it loose. She practically pulled my hair out at its roots. It was something that Patrick gave her.
I had seen that charm before…at Patrick’s. It was hanging on his bedroom mirror. It was one of those charms that is halved so two people could have a piece of it.
She said… What did she say? She said…she wasn’t losing the charm or Patrick to me. Wait. That’s why part of my hair seemed a little shorter and I had a huge bump at the back of my head. She cut it to get her damn charm loose and let my head bang into the cement. Bitch.
Oh, she was going to lose to me alright. I had to be sure of that. And the first thing she was going to lose was that stupid charm of hers.



31. DONE

Another day. So far, it started out like yesterday. As I pulled into the parking lot, Patrick was leaning against his car, waiting for me. The remnants of my encounter with Becca were slowly starting to heal, but not enough for me to pull my hair back into a pony tail. Besides, there was a small chunk of my hair that would fall out because it was shorter than it should be. There was no need to make it obvious, to let Patrick know.
“You ready for tonight?” He seemed to be in a better mood than yesterday. He was a little calmer, less edgy. Then again, so was I.
“Yeah. Can’t wait.” I looked at him and teased. “Just got to get through the silly thing called classes.”
“Huh! Classes, why would anyone want to go to those? Like you’d want to get an education or something.” He was in a playful mood.
“Silly me.” I bumped my shoulder into his arm, laughing.
Mr. D always said he didn’t mind us talking if we got our work done. Patrick and I got work done, so he couldn’t tell us to be quiet while we talked, laughed and joked around.
“So, what do you think? Want to do dinner before the concert?” Apparently the crew wanted to make a big thing out of it all.
“Sure. A girl needs to eat, but don’t be surprised if I don’t eat too much. I still get nervous. I’d hate to throw up on stage.” It’s true. No matter how much I loved to sing and perform, I always got nervous just before the performance. My stomach would feel like it was full of hummingbirds.
“Yeah, that would not be a performance that I’d like to see.” His face scrunched up as he made a face.
“The ultimate in performance art and audience participation.” I could just see all the sympathetic vomiters joining in.
“Aww... gross!” He laughed.
“Yeah. So, don’t give me a hard time if I don’t eat much.”
“Okay, okay. I promise. But after?” His voice was hopeful.
“After, I’m usually starving. Not hungry. But famished! So, we should definitely get something afterwards.” I was excited to ‘celebrate’ the first concert.
His voice was light and I could hear his smile through it. “Okay. Where do you want to go? We all decided it’s your choice.”
“I don’t really care. I want what I can’t have before the concert—chocolate. It screws up my voice. After the concert, the place has to have good chocolate anything. Before the concert? It doesn’t matter, you guys choose. Remember, I’m just gonna have something light.”
“Oh, yeah. No performance art.” He laughed.
Mr. D’s voice raised above the classroom noise. “Ladies and gentlemen, you have a couple minutes left in class. Be sure you put all your stuff away!” Wow, class went by fast. We were still putting stuff away when the bell rang. I guess we didn’t hear his earlier announcement about cleaning up. Oops.
We quickly went back to our desks to grab our stuff. I didn’t bother to put my notebook and calculator into my backpack. Since I was already running late, it was easier to grab and go. 
“The concert’s at 7, but I need to be back here by 6:30.” We were trying to figure out what time we should do dinner.
“Okay. So, why don’t we do dinner at, like, 5:00. That should at least give you some time to digest whatever you ate and not share it with the audience.” 
“Thanks for that image.” I shuddered and laughed. “Yeah, 5:00 sounds…” Someone fell into me from behind. “What the…” My backpack fell off my shoulder, it fell to the ground as I took a step forward to catch my balance. My notebook and calculator skidded across the pavement.
“Oops. Sorry.” The voice was less than sincere. I whipped around to see who it was. This was no accident. It was Nikki. Again. She put her hand to mouth and tried to look innocent. “I didn’t see you there.”
The second I saw it was Nikki, the euphoria of class vaporized. I was mad. Blood rushed to my face and my heart was pounding. It was like it was going to beat right out of my chest. I turned my entire body to face her and saw her smug face. She thought she was going to get away with it again. Everyone around me thought it was just an accident. I knew better. 
I took both my hands and shoved her against the building wall as hard as I could. Her head banged against the wall, a look of shock washed over her. “Don’t mess with me.”
My ears felt like they were ringing, but I could hear the muddled shocked sounds of people around me. They sounded so distant, even though they were just a couple feet away. 
I could hear Patrick behind me, “Liz!” 
The only other voice I could make out was Joey’s, “No. Let her do this.” 
It sounded like Patrick was getting closer for a moment, then stopped. Joey said he’d back me up. Stopping Patrick from stopping me was a good way to do so.
Nikki continued to taunt me. “Is that the best you can do? Please.” She rolled her eyes and eased away from the wall, as if she would be able to just walk away from this.
“No.” I tightened my fist and swung at her making direct contact with her jaw. She grabbed her face and was half bent over and half leaning against the wall for support. Adrenaline pumped through me. My hand felt hot where it had hit Nikki’s face. “You watch yourself.” I hissed at her.
I backed away a few steps from her before turning. I saw the group of students who had circled us in mere seconds. My face was resolute. I had no remorse for what I had done. I had to do it. The faces of those around me showed either shock or pleasure. Mostly pleasure that Nikki got what was coming to her and for the amusement that was provided to their morning. It had all happened so fast that it was done and I was away from Nikki before a teacher was even there. 
As I started walking away, I saw Joey grinning from ear to ear. He was easy to read. “Nice to see someone else on the receiving end of your punches.” He was amused.
What I wasn’t as sure about was Patrick’s reaction. His face was emotionless, blank. He looked at me with wide eyes, searching for something. He handed me my stuff. I didn’t know what he was looking for. Regret? Guilt? Joy? That’s not how I would describe how I felt and what, I thought, would be on my face. No, I was proud of myself. I was proud that able to stand up for myself at the moment in time that I had to.
Like yesterday, he walked with me partially to my next class. He seemed thoughtful and a little confused. Before we had to part ways, he finally spoke, “Are you okay?”
Adrenaline still coursed through me. Now, the only thing I was afraid of at the moment was not knowing what was going through Patrick’s head. I really wish I could read minds. It would probably save me a lot of grief. “Yeah. Are you?”
“Yeah. Yeah. I’m fine.” He shook his head, like it would clear his head. His eyes slowly raised to meet my gaze, “I’m okay. Really. Go. You’ll be late for class.” I looked around and the usual traffic of students had thinned. I was going to be late if I didn’t hurry, and so would he. At least he could run. “I’ll see you later. Okay?” He put his hand on my back and walked off to his next class.
Between wondering what Patrick was thinking and my hand throbbing, it was hard for me to concentrate. It was hard to type too. This was not conducive to computer science class. Mrs. Wyle, my CS teacher, had to have noticed that I had trouble with my hand. It was pretty obvious. Usually, I type at lightning speed, it’s fluid and seamless. Right now, it was far from it. I could only type with my left hand.
“Everything alright, Liz?” I didn’t expect to see her right behind me.
I was startled. “Huh? Yeah. I just hurt my hand.” 
“I’m sorry. How did that happen?” Mrs. Wyle was sweet and always seemed to care about her students. I wasn’t surprised by her question. 
Throwing it into Nikki’s face. Yeah, I couldn’t tell her the truth. At least, the entire truth. “It ran into something on my way here.” There was truth to that. 
My hand felt tight. I kept making a fist and outstretching my hand out in order to loosen my joints. I didn’t want to go to the nurse. What if Nikki had gone there? I’m sure the nurse would figure out that I was the one who hit her. I’d rather deal with the pain.
“Do you want something cold for your hand? It may help with the swelling.” Before I could answer, she was already walking to her little fridge in the classroom. She returned with a frozen bottle of water and some paper towels. Mrs. Wyle wrapped the paper towels around the frozen water bottle and handed it to me. “Here you go. Try to be more careful next time.”
“Thanks.” I smiled back at her to show my appreciation. 
“You’re welcome. Do what you can today.” She walked away to go help another student.
It did make my hand feel better. The cold quenched the heat on my hand. It also made the throbbing in my hand subside a bit. At the end of class, I returned the partially melted bottle back to Mrs. Wyle and thanked her again.
I walked to my next class thankful that I was in choir and not orchestra. I don’t know how I’d manage to play an instrument right now. Among the tide of students walking in my direction to their next class, I noticed one girl, long flowing dark hair, looking at me through tightly squinted eyes. It suddenly dawned on me that it was the other girl who helped Becca, I think her name was Jen. 
She walked toward me with a purpose. That’s fine. I had one too. I figured sooner or later she and Becca would hear what I did to Nikki. Well, more like sooner.
I was ready. I locked onto her eyes, not backing down. I stopped where I was, in the middle of the hall and put my backpack down. I waited for her to come to me. I worked on loosening my hand again—clenching and stretching my hand.
Jen seemed to be surprised at my decision to stay and not run. She raised an eyebrow, intrigued and a little wary. 
She was about four feet away and still walking toward me. I baited her, “Go ahead and try. It’s not three on one this time.” My voice was steady, strong without a hint of fear.
Her body weight shifted to her back leg. She rolled her eyes and huffed, “Whatever. You’re not worth it.” She turned with an attitude, her hair whipping behind her and left.
* * *
As I approached my English class, I saw Patrick outside the room looking in my direction. I smiled sheepishly, not knowing what to expect from him. I was glad to see him waiting for me. He was still hard to read. He didn’t seem angry, maybe everything was okay.
I was still fidgeting with my hand. Even though it had been about two hours since I hit Nikki, it still didn’t feel normal. Patrick’s eyes drifted down to my hand.
“How are you doing?” He was tense.
“Okay.” We were just a few feet from the door and the bell was going to ring soon.
A look of relief washed over his face. “So, you didn’t see Jen. Good.”
“Oh, no. I did.” I was almost gleeful. “Two down and one to go.”
His eyes widened. “What happened? What did she do?” 
I shrugged my shoulders. “Nothing.” He looked at me, waiting for more. We walked into the classroom. I sat down in my seat and he stood in front of me, still waiting for more. I laughed, “What? She didn’t do anything.” I glanced up at him slyly. “She didn’t dare.”
His brows raised in surprise. The bell rang and he sat down in his desk. Every once in a while during class, Patrick looked at me with curiosity. The rest of the conversation would have to wait. I knew he wasn’t going to forget.
* * *
At lunch we didn’t have time to talk, just the two of us. The crew was there and between wanting to know what happened between first and second period with Nikki and the concert tonight, lunch flew by fast.
“Okay, heavy-weight. Did you decide where you want to go for dinner?” Bobby teased.
“It’s up to you guys. Doesn’t matter to me.” I pushed him into Tony.
“What was that for?” Bobby asked innocently. Like he didn’t know.
“Heavy-weight?!” I appreciated the joke, but I’m not heavy!
“Watch out or you’re next.” Tony laughed. 
“Sorry. Sorry.” Bobby was suddenly repentant. “I didn’t mean… I just meant…”
Patrick laughed, “It’s cool. I think the problem is…she’d rather be called feather-weight.” He looked at me, waiting for me to say something.
“Well…yeah!” He did know me well. 
Kraig pushed Bobby, “Man, what’s wrong with you? Don’t ever call a girl heavy anything!” 
Everyone was laughing and having a great time. It felt good. It felt really good to be a part of it all. We finally decided on pizza for dinner before the concert. I already decided that I wouldn’t have pizza, but something lighter. The bell rang marking the end of lunch and we scattered to our respective classrooms. Patrick and I walked to math together, but didn’t get much of a chance to talk.
“Do you have rehearsal today?” He casually asked, but it seemed that there was something else behind his question.
“No. Mrs. Marshall wanted us to save our voices for this evening.” I was thankful for it. When I sang, I always went all out. I wouldn’t be able to pull back during a rehearsal before a concert. My voice would likely crack if I had to have rehearsal today.
“That’s good.” He nodded. “I have a short practice. Want to hang out afterwards before dinner?” He locked onto my eyes.
“Sure.” I knew what he meant by that. He didn’t have to say where we were going to hang out. I knew by how he looked at me that he was talking about Moonlight Bluffs. He had that intense, uneasy feel about him, like he did whenever he needed to go to the Bluffs to think. I was glad that he wanted me to go with him. At least it wasn’t me that was upsetting him.
* * *
After my last class, I went over to the gym to watch the guys practice. Despite my newfound confidence, I didn’t want to wander to the gym without others around. I took a different route from my last attempt. The memories flooded back to me. I started to fill with anxiety. No. I didn’t want to feel this way. I was trying to get past this. I will get past this. I hurried to the gym and arrived, almost out of breath. Once I got there, I went over my day and couldn’t help but relax and smile. I realized that I am getting past this. I just need to remember that.
When I got to the gym, I didn’t see anyone from the crew there. I picked a spot halfway up the bleachers to sit. I liked to have a good wide view of the gym, so I could see everything and everyone. Patrick, Bobby and Jason took the court for their scrimmage. Patrick saw me up in the stands and nodded at me. It was one of those nods that say ‘hi’ where instead of the chin going down, it went up.
I watched them run up and down the court, making and missing some shots. Even though it was just a scrimmage, a practice game between the first and second string, they played hard.
I wondered where Cassie and Emily were, then I remembered hearing them mention that they had something to do after school. It was okay, since I liked basketball, I didn’t mind watching alone. Sometimes, I preferred it. Since I wouldn’t be able to make it to tomorrow’s game, I figured I’d watch the practice like it was a game. I just had to make sure I didn’t yell or shout during the practice while I rooted for the guys. Then I would look really crazy.
The whistle blew and the team headed to the bench. The coach talked to the team and then they headed to the locker room to change. It was a short practice. The girls basketball team headed out onto the court for their practice. The girls had just finished their warm-ups when Patrick, Bobby and Jason reentered the gym. I grabbed my backpack and headed over to them. The four of us walked to the parking lot together.
We arrived at Jason’s car first. He unlocked his car door. “So, we’ll see you at Medici’s Pizza at five.” 
“Yeah. Five.” Patrick confirmed.
“Okay. We got to go meet up with the girls.  See you guys later.” Bobby and Jason got into the car and drove off.
We got to our cars and Patrick unlocked his doors. “I’ll drive.”
“Why can’t I drive?” I playfully asked.
“Sure, you can drive.” He locked his doors. He grinned, “But we do have dinner with the crew at 5 and you have to be here by 6:30.”
“Yeah. I know.” I looked at him suspiciously.
“Do you think you can get us to the Bluffs before then?” His eyes danced as he teased me. He had a point. I still couldn’t get there without getting lost. Even if he navigated, I’d still get lost. Today was not the day to go wandering around, since we did have places to be.
I rolled my eyes. “Fine. You drive.” I pretended to be hurt.
“If you insist.” He said proudly and laughed. He knew I wasn’t hurt. We got into his car and headed to the Bluffs.



32. FOCUSED

We sat at our usual spot on the bluff overlooking the ocean. There was a light breeze coming off the water. It was cool and refreshing. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply. The salt water air filled my lungs. My body tingled inside and out. I got goose bumps when the breeze hit my bare arms. I felt so alive and free. It was refreshing to feel this way.
Patrick broke the silence. “How’s your hand?”
I stretched my right hand and winced. “Still sort of stiff and sore.”
“Did you have the nurse check it?” He put his hand out, palm up waiting for me to give him my hand.
“Uh…no.” I shook my head. I put my hand in his.
“Why not? What if you broke something?” He started gently pushing each spot on my hand. 
“I don’t think I did.” I watched his fingers as it pushed against the bones.
He looked at me intently, watching for my reaction. It would be easy to gauge my level of pain. All you had to do was watch my face and how much I pulled back when he touched my hand. I tried very hard not to make a face, but it was hard. It hurt when he pushed, but it was tolerable. It definitely could have been worse.
He sighed, “You’re lucky. I don’t think you did either. But, if it doesn’t get better, you better to go to the doctor.” He went from prodding my hand to massaging it.
“Yeah, I know. I know.” I knew. But that didn’t mean I really wanted to go to the doctor, even if I had to. The massage felt good. Well, it hurt a little, but the warmth of his hands on mine made the muscles feel less stiff and sore. I felt like it was starting to feel closer to normal.
He shook his head and rolled his eyes. “I can’t believe you hit Nikki.” 
I looked down at my hand. I figured it wouldn’t take him long to bring it up. I just didn’t really know what to expect and that made me nervous. My heart started to pound. I bit the inside of my cheek. “I had to.” I looked up from my hand to him. He had that same look from this morning that I couldn’t place. I felt awkward. “She’s Becca’s friend. I should have known that she’d be your friend too.” I shook my head and stared at the ground. I felt bad. I didn’t mean to hurt him by hurting his friend. Hurting him was the last thing I ever wanted to do.
“Yeah…no. I mean, we were friends because of Becca. But I wouldn’t really consider her a friend or anything.” He stammered.
“Oh.” Now I was confused. “If it wasn’t that, then… Are you mad at me?”
“I’m not mad at you. No. That’s not it.” The corner of his mouth cracked into a grin. He stopped massaging my hand and let go. “Why would you think that?”
 Alright, I was really confused now. “After I hit Nikki, you had this look. I’ve never seen before.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know. If I knew, I wouldn’t think you were mad at me. What were you thinking this morning?”
“Well, first… I thought…should I have a bagel or cereal for breakfast?”
“Patrick!” I pushed my shoulder into him. “You know what I mean!”
“Okay! Okay!” His smile was from ear to ear. “Seriously?” He got quiet. “A lot went through my mind. Shock and fear would be the first things. I couldn’t believe what you did and that I let Joey talk me out of stopping the whole thing. I got really scared about what would happen next. But everything happened so fast… I know Nikki and I expected her to…” 
I could tell he didn’t like the image he saw.
“I was afraid of what was going to happen next. What Becca or Jen would do to you. How I didn’t think I could protect you since we didn’t have class together. But you…you had this… I don’t know…something behind your eyes that almost made me more afraid because whatever fear of getting hurt and being careful was gone. And I was scared I’d hear the worst had happened to you.” A little chuckle escaped his lips. “I have to admit though, there was a part of me that was really happy to see Nikki go down like that. And that you were the one to do it. I was…well…proud. So, I guess, I was shocked, scared and proud. Maybe that’s why my face seemed weird to you…a lot of stuff was going through my head at the same time. But none of it…at any point…was about being mad at you. I was mad at Becca and Nikki. I realized it wasn’t an accident.”
Scared, I understood. Shocked. Okay, that made sense, I think everyone around me was. Proud? Really? I looked at him in my own form of shock. He was proud of me. It was a nice feeling that I wasn’t used to…someone being proud of me. Now that I think about it, he’s the only one who’s ever said that to me.
“Liz? You okay?”
“Huh?” I didn’t realize that I had zoned out or that tears had welled up in my eyes and I was sniffling.
He put his hand on my knee. “Did you hear me? I’m not mad at you.”
“Yeah, I know.” I sniffled again. I had to stop or it would screw up my throat for tonight.
“Then why are you crying?”
“I’m not crying.” I argued. Well, I wasn’t. Not really, anyway. I wiped my eyes.
“Hmm…okay. Then why are you…not crying.” He said sarcastically.
“Honestly?”
“That’d be nice. That is our usual state of being.”
“Cause you’re proud of me.”
He looked confused. “I don’t know if I’ve ever seen someone cry when they’re told that.”
“Well, you know I’m not exactly normal.”
“Ain’t that the truth.”
“Hey!”
“Well, it is.” He raised an eyebrow at me and smiled.
I laughed. “I know that. You didn’t have to agree so quickly!” I turned serious. “I think you’re the only person who’s ever said that to me.”
“Really? Ever?”
“Yeah. Ever.”
“Not even your parents? Even before San Francisco?” His tone was incredulous.
“No. They don’t talk about stuff like that. I mean, you’d think they would be, at least about something that I do. But I honestly don’t know ‘cause they’ve never said it.” I shrugged my shoulders. “I never realized how nice it is to hear, especially from someone like…well, you.” I inhaled the salt air. “So, thanks.”
“Had I known, I would have told you sooner…like right after you did it. It took a lot to do what you did. Nikki has done that crap with girls before and gotten away with it. What made you do it? It wasn’t revenge…”
“No, not revenge. But had you and the crew not given me my own not so secret service detail after I got jumped, it probably would have been then. No, I had calmed down from the initial instinct to return the favor and likely get suspended.” I sighed. “I couldn’t be a victim again, especially to someone like Nikki or Becca. I don’t care how much they push me. I’ll push back.”
A smile broke out on his face with a look I now identified as pride. I smiled back feeling like I truly accomplished something…standing up for myself.
We hung out on the bluffs for a little while, enjoying the view and each other’s company. The only reason we left is that it was almost 4:00pm and we still had to change before dinner and the concert.
When we got to my house, Patrick went to change in the bathroom and I rushed to my room. I quickly put on the dark grey skirt, white top and light grey v-neck sweater I chose earlier to wear. The garage door opened as I brushed my hair. I wore my hair down, letting it fall softly over my shoulders. When I was done, Patrick was waiting for me in the living room. He had changed from his jeans and t-shirt to black slacks, a lavender long-sleeve button down shirt and a deep purple tie with silver specks. He was standing there, making small talk with my mom.
“Liz, you look nice.” Patrick’s comment made my mom turn around.
“Hi, Mom.” I looked at Patrick wondering if he was surviving the conversation with my mom.
“Hi, Elizabeth.” She seemed like she was in a good mood.
“How was work?” That was the best way to gauge her.
“Good. Jim is still out on a business trip.” She kept rambling about her day until Patrick politely interrupted her never-ending story.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Mariposa. Liz, we really should get going.”
“Oh. Where are you guys off to?” My mom was oblivious.
“Dinner then the concert.” Patrick informed her.
“Concert?” Like I said, clueless.
“Yeah, Mom. Remember I told you and Dad about it?” I told them about it a few times, as recently as last night.
“Huh? Oh. Yes.” Which really was her way of saying that she completely forgot.
“Will you and Mr. Mariposa be coming? We can save you seats.” Patrick, in his own way, was trying to get them to come to the concert.
“Well, you know. It’s been a long day and I’m really tired.”
“It’s not until 7. You’d have time to rest before it, it’s only 4:40 right now. Will you come, Mom?” I was hopeful, maybe this time, with Patrick there, she’d say ‘yes.’
“Elizabeth, I don’t think so. You know, that’s not really our thing.” So, much for hope. Some things never change. No matter who or what. 
“Yeah, I know. Just thought I’d ask.” I tried not to sound disappointed, but I was.
She continued as if I hadn’t said a thing. “Besides, I have to pack. Since Jim is still out of town, they’re sending me to Denver. We’re leaving tomorrow afternoon.” 
“We?” I was surprised. Was I getting to go? But…I had the Winter Concerts. I couldn’t leave. I had commitments. But it would nice not be left.
“Yes, Dad and I.” She immediately responded. Then turned to me like I was nuts to think I was included. “Elizabeth.” Sometimes, the way she said my name was so patronizing. This was one of them. “You have school and you don’t like to ski. What will you do there?” I knew what she was insinuating—you’ll get in trouble, just like San Francisco. 
Whatever. I’ll just stay home. Like I had a choice.
Her tone lightened. “I’ll leave our itinerary on the fridge. Well, you guys have fun. Be back by curfew.” She walked off to her bedroom.
“Yeah, I will.” I said to no one in particular, except, I guess, Patrick, who was the only other person in the room.
“You alright?”
“Yeah. I told you. I ask. They always say no. Thanks for trying.” I had to put this out of my mind. If they didn’t want to come, that’s fine. They’ve never been to one of my concerts, why should this one be any different? I’d done fine without them there and tonight will be fine too. “I’m ready. Let’s go.”



33. SUPPORT

We went to Medici’s Pizza to meet up with the crew. Everyone was already there and dressed up. The dinner was everything it should be with friends. It was a lot of fun. Tony and Jason kept us laughing hysterically. My face hurt from laughing so hard. When the food arrived, I picked a little at the antipasto.
Patrick leaned over and whispered, “Forget about your mom. Eat something.”
I tilted my head toward him and covered my mouth as I quietly spoke to him. “Now you know why I ignore them as much as possible. That’s not why I’m not eating, though.”
He might as well have had a giant question mark on his forehead. I didn’t blame him. After the talk with my mom, he forgot about our earlier conversation.
“I could eat more, but…performance art. Remember?”
He laughed and hung his head down. “Oh yeah. Forgot about that. Yeah, I’m not interested in performance art tonight. Just music.”
I couldn’t help but laugh myself. “That’s what I thought.” I bounced my shoulder into him. I grabbed a small slice of garlic bread, munched on it and smiled.
Jason looked at us. “Why do I get the feeling I missed something?”
“Trust me, you don’t want to know. Just be thankful.” Patrick shook his head, probably trying to get the image of ‘performance art’ out his head.
We looked at each other and starting laughing simultaneously, “Yeah, be happy you don’t know. You don’t want the image.” I confirmed.
Despite having so much fun, it was like my internal clock knew it was getting close to concert time. I was a little less carefree and growing more anxious. I had a nervous energy now. The way I felt, I knew it was time for me to go back to school, I didn’t have to check the time.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you like this.” Patrick commented on my clear nervousness and excitement. I wasn’t able to sit still. My knee bounced and my hands kept fidgeting. “Are you going to be okay?”
“Oh yeah, it’s just how I get before performing. You know me, I can over think things. So, this is me doing that. Once it starts, instinct or muscle memory, whatever you want to call it, takes over. It’s the anticipation that makes my heart race. Then I can’t sit still.”
“I’m glad you didn’t eat much then.” He laughed.
“I told you.” I smiled.
* * *
We got to school and parked next to my car. We walked to the auditorium. I went backstage and he went to go save seats for the crew. The curtain was closed, so the audience couldn’t see us getting ready for the concert. I briefly peaked through the curtains and saw the entire auditorium setup for concert seating. I saw Patrick and Kraig in the front row counting off seats to save.
After checking in, I went through the warm-up exercises with my sopranos section. Mrs. Marshall moved on to warm-up with the altos and other sections.
I never realized how much the backstage was like the gym before a game. Besides the warm-ups, and various people trying to do their own ‘pre-game’ ritual, it was stuffy. All the movement back there, with the curtains closed, made the air heavy and claustrophobic. That explained why part of my ritual was to go outside after warming up to get some fresh air and focus. I had my own nervous energy to deal with, I didn’t want to see anyone else’s.
I opened the stage door to the outside and felt the cool night air rush in over my face. Out of the corner of my eye, I thought I saw Patrick outside talking with someone. But when I walked out the door and took a few steps outside, I didn’t see him anywhere. Great, now I’m seeing things. Maybe I should have eaten more.
I closed my eyes and focused on the concert. I went over my solo parts in my head. Then, without thinking, I started practicing out loud. At least, I didn’t do it at full volume or Mrs. Marshall would hear me and chastise me for not saving my voice. I was starting to calm down and feel centered. The noise from the audience turned into a soft hum in my ears. All I could hear was the music playing as the audience entered into the auditorium. I went back inside and was ready for the concert to start. Game time.
I was so lost in the music that before I knew it, the concert was over. I loved how singing made me feel. I felt so alive, every inch of my skin tingled. The applause sounded wonderful and made my heart pound. It was reassuring but I didn’t need it for validation. Singing was enough. But the applause didn’t hurt. The entire choir bowed in unison at the end of the performance. Mrs. Marshall had me and David, who had the male solo, step away from the choir to take our own bows. I humbly smiled as the applause roared and I heard the crew cheering.
Mrs. Marshall dismissed us backstage for the evening with praise for our performance. I walked around the edge of the curtain and saw the crew hanging out near their seats. Patrick saw me and walked over to the stage. He offered his hand to help me hop down from the stage to the floor. I took it and jumped down. When I hit the floor, I stumbled a bit, but he caught me so I didn’t fall on my face. It was a good thing he helped me, otherwise, I really would have lost my balance. That would not have been a good end to such a great night.
I had my eyes on the crew and was confused when Patrick walked me over just to the left of them. His parents and his sister were sitting there. Wow. I can’t believe his family was here. 
His mom stood up and gave me a hug. “Liz, you were wonderful. Lindsey and Patrick weren’t exaggerating that you have a beautiful voice.”
Mr. Connor nodded in agreement with his wife. “You are very talented, Liz.” 
“I told you she’d be great.” Patrick beamed.
I suddenly felt bashful, I wasn’t used to hearing praise, especially for my singing. “Thanks. You’re too nice.”
His mom took my hand, “I’m not just being nice, it’s true.”
I bit the corner of my mouth and nodded. “Thank you so much for coming. You don’t know how much it means to me that you guys are here.” My voice cracked a little and I had to clear my throat to regain composure.
Lindsey gave me a big hug, “You were awesome! I’m so glad I made it back in time.”
“Thanks. I didn’t think you’d be back until the weekend.” I hugged her back. It was good to see her.
The crew came over to us and bombarded me with hugs and comments that they enjoyed the concert.
“You were great! Wow! I wish I could sing like that!” Emily handed me a big bouquet of flowers. “This is from all of us.” It had different kinds of daisies, roses and other flowers in it. Daisies were my favorite. It smelled wonderful, peaceful and sweet. 
“Thanks guys. This is so sweet of you.” I grinned from ear to ear. My cheeks were starting to hurt because my smile was so wide. 
We all stood and talked with each other for a few minutes. Mr. and Mrs. Connor briefly chatted with each one of the crew, asking how they and their parents were doing. I think Patrick heard my stomach growl because he interrupted everyone’s conversations. “I think our star here deserves dessert! Who’s up for Nuts About Chocolate?”
The crew all nodded and grabbed their stuff. “Mr. and Mrs. Connor, come with us.” I asked his parents.
“Oh, no, dear. Thank you, though.” His mom replied.
“No, come on, Mom. You know you’re welcome to!” Patrick encouraged them.
“No, it’s okay. You kids have fun and enjoy yourselves. You don’t need us there. Maybe next time. It’s a little too late for me to eat sweets.” His mom was polite, but I really did believe that there would be a next time, the way she said it.
“Okay. Lindsey, you’re coming with, though, right?” I really wanted her to come. 
“Oh, yeah. Chocolate?! I’m there!” She smiled. “Can I ride with you? Patrick, you don’t mind, do you?”
“No. That’s cool. Go ahead.” He shook his head. Not that Lindsey needed Patrick’s permission. Lindsey being the older sister, didn’t really give Patrick the ability to say no to her. I don’t think he ever would have tried.
We got into my car. The instant that Lindsey closed the door, she excitedly turned to me. “I can’t believe he finally broke up with Becca. What happened?!”
“Yeah.” I knew Patrick had spoken to Lindsey and that he had told her about him and Becca. What I wasn’t sure about was how much he said about why. I was not about to betray his confidence. “There’s not much to say. Besides, I thought he told you already.” I kept my eyes on the road.
“He did. But we didn’t get a chance to talk too much. I was studying for finals. All he said that he finally saw through Becca’s games and was tired of it. He didn’t like the way she treated people.” She looked at me with wide-eyes, waiting for more. When I didn’t say anything, she continued. “Is people…you?”
“Me? Do you think he broke up with Becca because of me?” I looked at her in amazement. “You know that’s not true. He really did finally see her for what she is.”
“Come on, Liz. Can’t you tell me more? I thought he’d confide in you.” She was disappointed.
I shrugged my shoulders and kept looking straight ahead, “He did. So, that’s why I won’t betray him. Even with his sister. Sorry. You’ll have to ask him.” I glanced over at her. I hope she understood, it wasn’t about my friendship with her, it was about my friendship with him.
“Fair enough. I’m glad he has someone like you.” She patted my arm. “Really, it’s fine. I understand.”
“Thanks.” I was really hoping for a change in topics.
“You didn’t call me to tell me how the dance went. How did it go? Did you have fun?” Lindsey changed the topic, it was better, but not by much.
That night seemed so long ago. But, it had only been five days. So much had happened since then. How much do I tell her? How much do I really want to go into it? It’s like the question, ‘How was your day?’ or ‘How are you doing?’ Sometimes it’s easier to just say ‘good’ or ‘okay’ than to really tell the truth. But this was Lindsey… “It winded up being okay. Kraig convinced me to dance a little. I did have fun.”
“And…?” She wanted more gossip.
“And? Nothing. We ate after with the crew. He drove me home. That’s it.” There wasn’t much else to tell. I tucked my hair behind my ear.
“That’s it? Hmmm… Okay.” I could feel her eyes on me. Her tone suddenly changed from thoughtful to shock, “Where did you get that?”
Crap. I had forgotten about the bruise and scratches I had hidden when my hair was down over my shoulders. There was no point in hiding the truth. She knew what Becca was like, she even told me to be careful around her. “Becca.” Her eyes bulged out of head. “Before you ask, no, it wasn’t the reason he broke up with her. It happened on Monday, after. She blamed me.”
“I can’t believe you guys had a fight.”
“Well, I don’t know if I’d call it that. She blamed me. I told her if she wanted someone to blame, she should look in the mirror.” 
Lindsey laughed, “How true.”
“Yeah, I know. She doesn’t like the truth, though. I forgot I was alone and she wasn’t. So, it wasn’t much of a fight when she kicked my ass.”
“Where was Patrick?” She demanded.
“At practice. I was heading there when Becca cornered me. He feels so guilty about it. But it wasn’t his fault.” I made the last turn to the Nuts About Chocolate Café. “I could use your advice on something.”
“What?”
I explained to her what’s been happening with Nikki and Jen the last two days. “I don’t think it’s over. Becca’s not going to let this go. I’m sure I pissed her off even more. Part of me is scared about how Patrick would feel if I did anything to Becca. I mean, he may have broken up with her, but she was his girlfriend and he still cares about her. He can’t just shut it off completely. But I also think that while she pulls this crap, she has power over him. ‘Cause on some level, he’s still thinking about her. It’s like she’s blackmailing him by torturing me and using his guilt about it to keep him close to her. She’s twisted. I need to push back, but not if it will hurt Patrick. After all he’s done for me, I can’t do anything to hurt him. What do I do?”
“You need to get her. Leave Patrick to me. I’ll talk to him. She can’t have any hold on him. She’ll just keep using him and he deserves so much better than her.” She seemed as determined as I was to rid Becca from Patrick’s life.
I pulled into the Café and parked. “It’s not that I’m looking to pick a fight with her. It’s just that I’m ready to finish what she started. And I know she’s not done with me yet.”
Patrick pulled into the spot next to me. “Didn’t I warn you about her? I just didn’t realize how far she would actually go. You know, I’ll help you in any way I can.”
Patrick knocked on my window. I opened my door. He stepped between my car and the door and leaned in. “Great. My sister and my best friend, deep in conversation. Should I be worried?”
“No. Nothing for you to be worry about.” Lindsey answered innocently. “Everything’s fine.”
He looked from Lindsey to me to Lindsey again. He knew there wasn’t much chance he’d stand to find out what’s going on with both of us. Lindsey would talk to him soon enough. If he heard it from both of us separately, he might actually listen to us.
His eyes got tight and shook his head. He tapped the door, “Come on. Let’s go inside.”
Nuts About Chocolate Café serves the most delicious and amazing desserts. Of course, they specialize in chocolate desserts, but they had some of the best appetizers. Their menu only consisted of appetizers and desserts. This was fine for me, often times, it was the two best courses on the menu. Usually, I had the hardest time picking an entrée, there always seemed to be more things I liked in the appetizer and dessert section. I’ve always wanted to order my food in a different order: dessert, appetizer, then entrée—if I had room. I just never had the nerve to do it. Just like a bar would serve food to have something to go with drinks, this place had appetizers to absorb some of the sugar that you devoured with their desserts. I think it also allows you to eat more chocolate without feeling sick.
Inside was almost a continuation of earlier in the evening at the pizza place. Only this time, I didn’t worry about the concert, Lindsey was there, and I could eat! I couldn’t figure out what I wanted to order. 
“Can’t make up your mind?” Patrick asked, I think he could see the indecision in my eyes. I shook my head. “What are you thinking about getting?”
“Well…I don’t know if I want the parmesan zucchini sticks or nachos. I can’t decide. What about you?” The hungrier I got, the harder the decision it was. I really wanted to get both, but I had to save room for dessert. It was the entire reason why I chose the Café.
“Not sure. Nachos sound good. How about I get that and you get zucchini? Then you could have both.”
“Ooh. That sounds good. Can I just share with you guys?” Lindsey asked.
“Yeah. Then we can choose more desserts to share.” I was excited at the thought of not having to choose one dessert. That decision would be harder than picking an appetizer.
“I like the way you think!” Lindsey slapped the table in agreement.
Lindsey, Patrick and I shared two appetizers and two desserts. If I ate any more, I would have been completely hyper and would not be able to sleep tonight. As it stood, I was pretty wired between the high of the concert and having such a great time with the crew. It was the perfect ending to the night. Friends, laughter and chocolate. What more can anyone ask for?



34. WHAT A NIGHT

The concert the next night went just as great. The auditorium was warm, like a giant hug. The doors were kept closed, so the cool air outside never entered. Since the only people moving around were those of us in the choir, the temperature was bearable and comfortable for the choir and the audience.
The crew went to the guys’ basketball game, which started at the same time as the concert. It was a home game. Patrick was still wary of letting me walk by myself, if he could help it. Since I would be walking between the gym and the auditorium at night, I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t a little scared myself. I knew Becca was still pissed and I was just waiting for her to pounce on me again. When the concert was done, I called Kraig. He was going to walk me to the gym, so I could watch the rest of the game with the crew. He arrived out of breath because he ran over to the auditorium.
Kraig caught me up on the game while we hurried in the cool night air to the gym. It had been a close game, with a bunch of ties and lead changes, but currently we were losing. When Kraig left, we were down by ten points with 5:38 left in the game. Patrick, Bobby, and Jason were in the game, along with Sean and Will. We had the ball and just called time out when Kraig and I got to the gym. The gym was hot and stuffy. I could feel the tension and sweat hanging in the gym. I looked up at the scoreboard to see that there was 2:31 left. Holy crap, we’re down by eight. What the hell? The guys huddled at the sidelines, listening to the play that the coach was calling. Kraig and I rushed to sit with the crew up in the stands. Tony handed me the team’s roster. It listed everyone on our team, their jersey numbers and positions, as well as our opponents. I quickly reviewed it to see who was on the court for the Franklin High Bulldogs. A whistle indicated that the timeout was over and it was time to resume the game.
Patrick in-bounded the ball to Will. Will passed the ball to Bobby, who was at the top of the key. Bobby backed into the basket and took a hook-shot. It bounced off the front rim. Sean and Bobby crashed the boards, along with three Bulldog players. Sean grabbed the rebound and passed it to Patrick, who was just in front of the three point line. Patrick took a step back behind the line and shot the ball. Swish. Patrick nailed the three-pointer. We erupted in celebration as the guys ran down the court to play defense. We were down by five points with 2:19 left.
I loved watching close games, they were always the most exciting. It was always the most nerve wracking when it was my team that was involved in the close game. I’d get so nervous. As I saw the ball go up at the other basket, I closed my eyes hoping it didn’t go in. I heard the crowd around me cheer. I opened my eyes and saw the score didn’t change. Jason brought the ball back up the court and was calling a play. The guys were passing the ball and setting screens, trying to get a good shot at the basket. Patrick had the ball and took a shot. He missed. Bobby got the rebound and shot the ball. It hit off the backboard and into the hoop. I jumped up, my arms raised above my head, and cheered. We were down by three points with 1:34 left in the game.
The Bulldogs in-bounded the ball underneath their hoop. It was clear that they were trying to burn the clock. I hated when the opposing team did that. Of course, when it was my team, I didn’t mind. They kept passing the ball, so that everyone had touched it multiple times. They had used up 28 seconds of their 35 second shot clock before setting up for a play. With one second left on the shot clock, the Bulldogs took shot from the top of the key. I held my breath as I watched the ball bounced off the back of the rim. Will caught the long rebound. There was 58 seconds left in the game and we were still down by three points.
Jason ran the ball up the court. Sean and Bobby sprinted over to our basket. Jason quickly passed the ball to Sean who was positioned underneath the hoop. Sean shot and scored. They only used up six seconds on the clock. We were only now down by one with 52 seconds left. Good. There was still plenty of time in the game. My heart pounded and I nervously wrung my hands. There was nothing I could do but cheer the guys on.
When the Bulldogs in-bounded the ball, they worked to burn off more time on the clock. Patrick and the guys stepped up their defense. The Bulldogs possession lasted twenty seconds and resulted in a basket by their point guard. There was 32 seconds left and we were down by three points again.
Jason brought the ball down the court quickly. Patrick ran by Bobby, who set a screen against Patrick’s defender. Patrick ran to the three-point line and caught the pass from Jason. Patrick set himself up as if he was going to shoot. His defender jumped up with a hand up in the air and attempted to block his shot. Patrick stepped to the side and drove the ball to the hoop. He had a wide-open lay-up. We all stood in anticipation for the basket. Instead, the Bulldog center aggressively fouled Patrick, knocking him to the ground and he missed the basket. He laid on his back and pounded the floor with his fists. The referee called the foul and Patrick got two free-throws. I got worried as I waited for him to get up. I hope he wasn’t hurt. Why wasn’t Patrick getting up? Maybe he was just frustrated. I didn’t blame him. Jason stood at Patrick’s feet and held his hand out to him. Patrick grabbed it and hopped back up on his feet. There was 17 seconds left and Patrick was on the free-throw line. 
Patrick is a great free-throw shooter. He practiced almost every day. No matter how good the player was on the free-throw line, I still got anxious. Nothing is guaranteed. I was so nervous for him and the team. I held my breath as he bounced the ball before shooting. The first shot rattled around the hoop before falling in. Patrick took a deep breath, dribbled the ball three times, before taking his second free-throw. This time, nothing but net. We were down by one point with 17 seconds left.
All the guys but Jason ran back on defense. He tried to steal the ball as the Bulldogs brought the ball up the court. Once the ball was past half court, Will and Jason quickly double teamed the Bulldog point-guard. The point-guard tried to get rid of the ball by passing it, but Patrick intercepted the ball at the top of the key. The crew and I jumped to our feet and cheered. Patrick, Jason, and Will had a fast break and only the Bulldogs point-guard could attempt defense. The Bulldog sole defender cut in front of Patrick near the free-throw line. Patrick dished the ball to Will. Will laid up the ball for an easy two-points. The crew and the crowd erupted. I high-fived Kraig and hugged Cassie and Emily. We were up by one point with only six seconds left. 
The Bulldogs called time-out. The home crowd got so loud, it had to be difficult for the Bulldogs to hear anything. The game resumed with the Bulldogs center in-bounding the ball under the baseline. Will and Jason were standing between the Bulldog guards and the ball. Patrick was guarding at half-court. Bobby and Sean were covering the Bulldog power forward at the free-throw line. I sat down. I bit the inside of my cheek and bounced my knee. I just couldn’t sit still. The whole crowd collectively held their breath and screamed at the same time. Will and Jason prevented the easy pass in-bounds causing the small forward to move toward the ball at the half-court line. Their center passed the ball to him. Patrick followed the small forward and now defended him near the half-court line. The small forward tried to get past Patrick, but Patrick forced him toward the sideline. Patrick played tight defense on him and knocked the ball out of his hands. Will grabbed the loose ball and tossed it up in the air with two seconds left. The ball flew up into the air and the rest of the clock ran out. We won the game by one point.
The entire home crowd jumped to their feet. The noise was deafening. The crew and I cheered in celebration. Our team huddled together and jumped up and down in unison. It’s a great feeling when your team wins. It was even better because my best friend was on the team and I could just imagine how he was feeling. My face hurt from grinning ear to ear. Cassie and Emily ran down from the bleachers to the court to Jason and Bobby, respectively. I got caught up in the excitement of the win and rushed down to congratulate Patrick, Jason and Bobby. The momentum carried me down to the last row of the bleachers, where I lost my balance.
Kraig grabbed my wrist to prevent me from taking a header into the floor. Unfortunately, I was hanging at a weird angle unable to get my feet underneath me. From where Kraig stood, he didn’t have the pivot point to help me any further than stopping me from falling. Patrick hopped up onto the row where I awkwardly hung and gave me a big sweaty bear hug. Kraig let go of my hand and my feet flailed underneath me before becoming stable.
“I’m glad to see that you could drop by.” Patrick teased.
“Isn’t that what you wanted me to do?” I distinctly remember him saying to. That’s why he had me call Kraig when I was done with the concert.
“Well, yeah, but not literally. But I should have figured you would.” He turned to Kraig. “Thanks.”
“Yeah, thanks again for walking me from the concert.” With the excitement of the game, I couldn’t remember if I thanked him.
“I couldn’t call what we did walking.” Kraig laughed.
“True. True. More like semi-sprinting.” From the moment Kraig picked me up at the auditorium, we rushed to get to the gym. My heart was pounding ever since. No wonder I felt so tired all of a sudden. I may not have been playing in the game, but I felt that I sweated on the court with them. I squirmed in Patrick’s grasp. He was all hot and sweaty from the game. “Okay, you can let go now. You’re all sticky.”
“And here I thought we were friends and you liked me no matter what.” He feigned being hurt and let go of me.
“We are. And I do. But that doesn’t mean I want to get my good clothes all stinky and full of your gym sweat.” I playfully pushed him away. 
He grabbed my arm, pulled me into another bear hug and laughed. “Well, they’re already messed up now. Don’t forget…” He looked at Bobby and Jason, who had their arms wrapped around their girlfriends. “We won!” The guys cheered. 
“How could I? Congratulations! It was awesome!” I hugged him back. He was right, my clothes were already all gross now. It really wasn’t my clothes that was the issue, it was his hot sweaty basketball self against my skin. Ick. Then again, the gym was already hot and muggy and you could feel the sweat of all the Tigers and Bulldogs in the air, not to mention all the hot air that people were expelling from their lungs as they shouted. 
The guys were famished, who could blame them, considering how hard they played. Tonight, Patrick, Bobby and Jason were the stars in the crew, so they got to choose the location. They picked Beach Burgers then headed to the locker room. The rest of us waited for them in the parking lot.
I was glad that I carpooled with Patrick today. He had offered to drive since we both had stuff at school at night and wouldn’t be home until late. Since my mom didn’t seem to really have a problem with Patrick last night, I figured I’d save the environment and carpool. She never gave an inkling that she disapproved of him as a friend, so until she said otherwise, I was going to try not to worry about it.
The guys met us in the parking lot next to their cars. They were still riding high from their win, strutting their way to us. I couldn’t help but laugh at them as they over exaggerated their strut. Patrick walked right up to me with his arms at his sides and his palms up.
“Am I acceptable now?” He coyly asked.
“That’s debatable. But you certainly smell better.” I retorted. The crew laughed. Cassie and Emily nodded in agreement. “Oh, and I have something of yours.”
“Yeah? What?” He was confused.
“Your stinky germs. Take them back!” I rubbed my face and shoulder into his shirt.
“Hey! You’re ruining my good clothes.” Since it was a game day, he was wearing the required a shirt and tie.
I rolled my eyes at him and pushed him away. “Shut up!” 
“Come back here. You know, I’m just joking.” Patrick pulled me back to him. He hung his arm around my shoulders.
I stuck my tongue out at him. “Yeah.”
“Let’s go guys, I’m ready to celebrate and I’m starving.” Bobby interjected.
“Me too. Come on, Cassie.” Jason led Cassie to his car, which was just on the other side of Patrick’s.
We piled into the cars and headed to Beach Burgers. 
“Sorry, I didn’t see the whole game.”
“Nah, don’t worry about it. I know you would have been there if you could. How’d the concert go?”
“Really good. There were more people there tonight than last night, which surprised me because you guys were playing.”
“Well, rumor is that the concert was cool and you didn’t want to miss it.” I loved seeing him smile and seeing him so happy.
“Yeah, right.” Sarcasm dripped from my tongue. I highly doubted that. It was just choir.
“No. Seriously. I heard kids from almost every class talking about it.” He sounded sincere. He wouldn’t lie to me. There wasn’t any real reason for him to exaggerate. “Besides, the choir is playing a limited engagement. There are plenty of games left in my season.”
“Well, that’s true.” If I could blush, I would have been. “So, Kraig told me that the rest of the game was pretty crazy too.” 
“It was.” Patrick told me his version of the highlight and lowlights of the game as he drove. One thing I admired about him, aside from him always being a great friend to me, was how his face lit up the same way whether he talked about basketball or science. To him, there was no choosing between the two, they coexisted as his passions. “Bobby got into foul trouble and coach sat him out the first 4 minutes of the fourth quarter. That hurt. That’s a big reason why we were behind when you got there.”
“You noticed when I got there?” How could he? He seemed really focused on the game.
“Well...” He shifted in his seat. “During the middle of a time out, I heard your voice…in the crowd yell, ‘Holy crap, we’re down by eight. What the hell?’” 
“I said that out loud? Oops. Sorry. I can’t believe you heard that in the middle of the game.” I covered my face with my hand.
He laughed. “I told you I’m good. I know all. I’m on fire tonight!”
“And so modest too.” I teased. 
“Of course.” He grinned.
We arrived at Beach Burgers before everyone else did. We hurried in and got a table for the crew. It didn’t take long for everyone to arrive. We toasted the guys’ victory with a round of root beer floats. The entire restaurant had to have heard our glasses bang together and our loud cheers. The guys recapped the game, taking turns in commentating. Their post game interviews with each other kept us in hysterics. I had such a hard time catching my breath and tears streamed down my face because I was laughing so hard.
There was one more thing to celebrate. We had one more day before Winter Break. Dylan, a pretty popular guy who was on the football team, was having his annual Christmas party this Saturday afternoon. One great thing about living in Southern California, you can have a pool party and Christmas party all in one. Emily reminded everyone about the party, not that anyone would forget. Now that the basketball game over and there was one concert left, there wasn’t much else on everyone’s mind.
I was really looking forward to vacation. I loved school, but breaks were nice. They gave me a chance to catch up on stuff. The past week had been so busy that I hadn’t gotten much rest. I was staying up late doing homework and studying for tests. I was falling behind on my science fair project, so that was something I really wanted to finish over break. I had to find a piece to audition with for the upcoming school musical and rehearse it. There were those scholarship essays that I had been putting off that were due in the next couple weeks. I wanted to have fun and hang out with my friends. We were making plans to do stuff like maybe go to Disneyland. Oh, of course, there’s a little thing called sleep that I’d like to get too. I was already exhausted just thinking about winter break. One more day, one more concert and it would be winter break. The party would mark the official start!



35. PEER PRESSURE

I heard epic stories about last year’s Christmas party. The party had started in the afternoon and lasted well into the night. People had so much fun between the deejay, the pool, game room and karaoke setup. Ooh, karaoke, there was something I could have fun with. 
I was both excited and anxious about the party. I didn’t know why exactly. I just had a feeling about it. I chalked it up to the fact that the only reason I was going was because the crew and their invite. If it weren’t for them, I wouldn’t be going. I definitely would not have the guts to just crash the party and I wasn’t really a party person. Well, it was that and I heard Becca was going to be there as well. There would be no stopping a confrontation. No teachers, no school administrators, no school consequence of fighting like suspension or expulsion.
We all piled into Patrick and Jason’s cars and carpooled to the party. When we got to the party, there had to be at least 50 people there already, just inside the house and who knows how many outside. The music was blasting. It reminded me of the dance. There were people in the middle of the living room dancing. It seemed weird, only because there was so much light streaming inside. I don’t remember the last time I saw people dancing with that much light. At dances, it was usually pretty dark.
Dylan had a huge family room with big French glass doors which opened to the backyard. There was a huge pool, a Jacuzzi and lots of lounge chairs surrounding it. There were a bunch of people in the pool, splashing each other and those that were close enough to get wet. The pool house contained the game room. It had dart boards, foosball, air hockey and pool tables. I could just picture flying pool balls, darts or pucks hitting unsuspecting bystanders in the head. With my luck and coordination, that’s exactly what would happen.
Most of the food and drinks, and there was a lot of it, were in the kitchen. Pizza, chips, cookies, and brownies were just some of the stuff to eat. It wasn’t Mrs. Connor’s homemade food, that’s for sure.
Guys wanted to go to the game room and play some games. Cassie and Emily were up for it. I didn’t mind going along and watching them, but I was reluctant to play. As we walked to the game room, Bobby challenged Tony to foosball, Jason challenged Patrick to pool and Kraig challenged us girls to darts. 
“Yeah, no. I don’t think so. You guys go ahead and play.” I shook my head.
“Come on, Liz!” Emily begged and handed me some darts. “You’re here to have fun!”
“Fun, yes. But possibly cause bodily harm, no.” I tried to hand back the darts, but she wouldn’t take it.
“Just try.” She turned me to face the dart board. “Kraig challenged us, you can’t pass up a challenge.”
“You don’t want me on your team. I won’t add any points to your score.” I shot at her a pleading look. 
She was insistent that I participate. “You can’t be that bad. And we always want you on our team. Besides, we’re not all that good either. So, the three of us to Kraig, we should be able to take him.”
There was no convincing her. I stood where they told me to. I looked around to make sure that everyone was a safe distance away from the board. I saw Patrick watching me, looking nervous, but hopeful. I shook my head. I took aim and threw the dart at the board. It didn’t land on the board, or anywhere in front of the board. It ended up a few feet to the left of the board, just missing a lamp.
I could hear the crew chuckling behind me. I winced and covered my face with my hands. “I told you this wasn’t a good idea. I’ll just watch. It’s safer for everyone.”
Emily gladly accepted the darts this time. “No kidding. I didn’t really think you’d be that…”
“Bad?” Patrick laughed. “Why do you think I stood this far back?”
I rolled my eyes and shoved him. “Gee, thanks.”
I knew he was right. Patrick knew what to expect and that I was not exaggerating. Patrick played innocent. “What? Hey, we’re not laughing at you. We’re laughing near you, you’re just not joining in.”
I corrected him. “No, you guys are laughing at me.”
I didn’t mind. It was funny. And I knew they weren’t laughing to be mean. They were laughing because I was one of them. I couldn’t help but smile. However, this didn’t mean that I wanted to repeat the dart incident that brought this bout of laughter.
I let Cassie and Emily take on Kraig without me. I tried watching Bobby and Tony’s foosball game, but I had a hard time following. The ball bounced around, going one way then the other so fast. Also, my shortness made it difficult to get a good view of the ball. It was challenging to keep up. So, I opted to watch Jason and Patrick’s game of pool.
I could follow pool. It was slower, more methodical and based on physics. I didn’t know the rules of the game, so that part I didn’t follow. But in my head, I thought about the best shot that could be done to sink the ball. Patrick beat Jason. It was one more example of how Patrick was good at everything. Pool was coordination and skill. The skill being physics. Of course, he’d be a pool shark. I don’t know what the score was. Is there such thing as a score in pool? I just knew who won because Jason wanted a rematch and a handicap.
“What?! You act like I cheated. You know I didn’t.” Patrick laughed.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. But I want a rematch.” Jason looked at me and grinned. “And one where I stand a chance in hell in beating you.”
“So, what? You want me to spot you two balls?” Patrick picked up two solid colored balls and dropped them in the pocket.
“No. That’s not what I had in mind. Where’s the challenge for you?” He grabbed the balls out of the slot. He snickered. “I have something else in mind.”
“You want me to shoot left-handed?” Patrick tilted his head and shrugged. “Okay. Sure, I can try.”
“Nah. That’s not it.” Jason chuckled. “But I’ll have to remember that for next time. No, let’s see how good you really are. Can you get Liz to beat me?’
What? How’d I get dragged into this? My eyes widened and I shook my head. “Uh-uh. I’ve never played pool. Did you not see what happened with the dart?”
Jason rolled his eyes, “Yeah, well, that had a sharp point. You can’t hurt anyone with pool balls.”
I pleaded with Patrick, “Tell Jason that’s not true.”
I could tell Patrick liked the idea of this challenge. “I think I could teach you.”
I looked at him in disbelief. “Really?”
They agreed that the rematch would take place in one hour. Great, I had one hour to learn how to play pool. More importantly, not have them jump off the table. Of course, that presumes that I could actually hit the ball. I can’t forget that the ultimate goal is to beat Jason. So, no pressure here. Just learn how to play pool in an hour, hit the ball, keep it on the table and beat Jason. Great.
Patrick handed me a pool stick. “So, what do you say? Want to help me beat Jason?”
Somehow I had the feeling that I was being setup. But I couldn’t prove it. I resigned. “Like I have a choice.”
He turned me to look at him squarely in the face and stared into my eyes. His voice was serious. “You always have a choice. ‘No’ is a perfectly acceptable answer.”
I gazed into his hazel-green eyes and knew he was afraid that he was forcing me into something I didn’t want to do and that the playfulness that they meant might have gone over the line. That’s not how I felt though. I was just scared of embarrassing myself. But I was with him and the crew. I shouldn’t be frightened of looking stupid. They’d like me either way. “I know.” I grinned. “Sure, why not? I’m not the one putting myself in harm’s way. You guys are.”
Jason smiled and leaned against the wall, watching us. Now that I agreed to this challenge I was determined to do my best. Patrick had me try to hit a ball. He set up an easy shot with a ball in front of a pocket and the cue ball in front of that. Cassie came over to watch and stood near the pocket I had to aim at.
I lined up my shot. I mimicked what I saw Patrick and Jason doing earlier. At least what I thought I saw them doing. I held the end of the stick with my right hand and rested my left hand on the table. I put the tip of the stick under my left index finger. I ignored Jason and Cassie watching me. I pulled the stick backward and quickly pushed it forward. I missed the ball entirely and scraped the table.
“Oops.” I laughed. “Let me try that again.”
I tried again. I positioned the stick closer to the ball. I pushed the stick as hard as I could. This time I made contact. The tip of the stick went under the ball and launched it the air. I guess I hit it too hard. Before I could yell anything, it hit Cassie in the chest.
“Oh, god! I’m sorry. Sorry! Are you okay?” I ran over to her.
Cassie rubbed the spot where she got hit. “Yeah, I’m okay. My fault. I shouldn’t have stood so close. It’s okay.”
Knowing she was okay, the guys started laughing. Sure it was funny to them, a girl getting hit in the chest. If it was a guy getting hit in the groin, they wouldn’t laugh, but the girls would. At least we’d all make sure the person was fine before laughing.
I felt awful about hitting her. I thought about quitting for a second, but I wanted to help Patrick try to beat Jason. I didn’t want to let him down. I, also, didn’t want to hurt anyone else. The clock was ticking.
Patrick showed me how to hold the pool cue and had me practice shooting the ball without the ball. I know I looked silly, but I wasn’t going to argue. I still wasn’t doing it right. I knew I was learning impaired when it came to stuff like this. He knew it too. I was happy that he was patient.
Patrick briefly went over the logic and rules of the game. The logic part I understood. It was just vectors, force and momentum. I knew what shot to take and what angle the balls should be hit at to get it in the pocket. I just couldn’t actually make it happen.
We played a practice game. Well, it was more like he semi-played both sides. When it was his turn, he’d have me tell him what he should do. When it was my turn, he’d help me. He stood right behind me and helped me hold and control the stick. He was like a coat wrapped around me, guiding me. I slowly got a better feel on how hard to hit the ball. I was improving. I could hit the ball, keep it on the table and have it go where I wanted. I wasn’t perfect, but I was a lot better than an hour ago. Not only that, I was having fun and laughing.
It was time for the rematch. Patrick racked the balls for me and Jason. Jason let me break. I was so excited that the stick hit the cue ball which hit a ball which made all the rest scatter. I was solids. I did a pretty good job keeping up with Jason. It was a close game. I was proud of myself. In the end, I lost. That’s okay. The crew still gave me high-fives and hugs for doing as well as I did, considering I just learned how to play.
The crew seemed suspiciously celebratory. Why did they seem so happy about all of this? I knew they weren’t rejoicing in the fact that I lost and Jason won. There was something I was missing.
I looked at Patrick, “What’s up?”
“Nothing, Liz. Nothing.” He grinned and put his arm around my shoulders.
I slapped him. “Don’t lie to me. What am I missing?”
“Okay. Okay.” He leaned in. “They knew you didn’t want to play pool or darts or anything. So, their goal was to get you to.”
“So, I was setup, huh?” I knew something was weird from the beginning. I should have known. Well, it worked. I was glad they did.



36. INSTINCT

David, who had the male solo in the concert, came into the game room looking for me. He was excited. “Hey, Liz! Come on, they’re setting up the karaoke. Sing with me.”
“Sure.” I was looking forward to karaoke. I asked the crew to come with me. 
Singing on stage was one thing. Singing at a party was a little different and I wanted my friends there to support me. Even though I probably sang in front of everyone at the party already during the concert, karaoke was still different. I hadn’t really done it with an audience before. Despite my love of singing and several aunts and uncles having a karaoke machine, I never really sang in front of my family for years. I’d sit in the back of the room or in another room entirely singing along, without a microphone, without anyone hearing me.
My family was critical enough of me, I never wanted to give them something else to criticize me with. So, with my newfound confidence and an audience who had heard me before, I was excited to try it. But I still wanted my friends there to make sure someone was cheering me on. I wanted a guarantee that there were at least a few people who weren’t looking for me to mess up.
Dylan had set up the karaoke machine in the family room. It looked professional. There were stacks of CDs and binders of songs to look through. The binders had songs listed alphabetically, the CDs were by genres. David had found a duet to sing. He programmed the machine and up came the song on the huge 60 inch television. I was glad it was a ballad. 
The music started and suddenly I was nervous. I looked over to where the crew stood and realized how full the family room was. There were a lot of people there! It was overwhelming. I had to block them out and just focus on the screen. I was still pretty self-conscious that when it was my turn to sing, I didn’t hold the mike close to me. I didn’t like hearing my voice through it. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw someone coming toward me.
Patrick pushed the hand holding the mike closer to my face. He smiled, “Can’t hear your beautiful voice.”
When David and I were done people cheered and clapped. I could definitely hear the crew. I heard some mumbling from people that they didn’t want to follow us. Since no one was rushing to try a song of their own, David had me pick a song next. Now, I was feeling more comfortable. I found another duet song for us. By the end of the song, people were more willing to sing, not that there was a line forming. But at least now, people were looking through the CDs and binders. They were curious.
I got Emily and Cassie to sing along with me on a girl group song. They weren’t always on key, but it was fine because we had a blast. They wanted to do another. When we were done, we walked back over to where the guys were sitting.
“What’d ya guys think?” I asked. “Weren’t they great?”
Jason and Bobby whole-heartedly agreed and kissed their respective girlfriends. “Wonderful. You guys should form an all girl group!”
We all laughed and I noticed something. “Where’s Patrick?”
That deflated the energy quickly from the guys. Bobby’s face was sour. “Eh. Becca came over and wanted to talk or something. She came bearing a peace offering.”
Emily looked as confused as I felt. “Peace offering?”
“Yeah, she brought him a soda. I swear, it was the first time I had ever seen her do that. It was always Patrick who fetched her drinks.” Kraig answered.
I remembered the dance and how Becca did act like she expected to be waited upon. That time, Kraig went to get me a drink, and being nice offered to get her one. She acted like she was queen or something.
“Anyway, you know Patrick…so, they went out to talk.” Jason motioned to the backyard.
I didn’t like it. Not that I was jealous, but because I felt like she was up to something. She wasn’t the poster child for trust, at least for me. Maybe that feeling that something was going to happen wasn’t about the crew setting me up to play pool. Maybe it was something else. Maybe I was being oversensitive. Maybe. Maybe not.
I hung out with the crew in the family room listening to others karaoke. They looked through the binders and CDs trying to find other songs for me and the girls to sing. I felt like I was split in half. I was there with them, enjoying their company and laughing, but I was also wondering more and more about Patrick. Emily, Cassie and I did another song together, this time an oldie. I couldn’t really get into it. I could hear Patrick and Mrs. Connor’s voices in my head—trust your instincts, listen to yourself.
He had been out there for about half an hour. I couldn’t imagine that he’d still want to be talking to her, especially based on my last conversation about Becca with him. He was too polite to just get up and leave, maybe he needed to be rescued from her cornering him. I went to the backyard to look for him.
Even though it was nighttime, the pool and patio were fairly well-lit. The outdoor Christmas tree helped. I spotted Patrick leaning in a lounge chair near the pool. Becca was next to him. He seemed…not himself. Was he falling asleep? Not interested in what she was saying? No, that wasn’t it exactly. She pushed him back into the chair and he just flopped there. Something was definitely off.
As I ran over to him, she straddled him and began kissing him. I couldn’t believe it. He wasn’t fighting her off, but he also wasn’t reciprocating. Every bell and alarm in my head was going off. Something was wrong. If I was wrong, then at least I was going to err on the side of trying to be a friend. I’d rather he was mad at me because I was trying to help him than to leave him hanging when he needed me.
I stood over them. “Patrick, are you okay?”
Becca ignored me and kept shoving her tongue down his mouth. It was like it took a few seconds for Patrick to register that I was speaking to him. He groggily he turned his head to look at me. “Liz! Hey! I thought you were singing.”
“Yeah, I was. I just needed some air.” I looked at them suspiciously. I was getting really worried. “Are you okay?”
“He’s fine.” Becca interrupted. “Now, if you don’t mind, we were in the middle of something.” I didn’t move. “Or you can stand there and watch. Up to you.”
She shot me a look as if she had won. Becca started kissing and running her hands all over him then started undoing his pants. Normally, Patrick would have pulled back, flinched, something with anyone standing there. But he just laid there, chuckling with his eyes glazed over. It was like he was drunk. This wasn’t like him at all.
“Patrick. Are you alright?” I bent down next to him and sniffed the cup next to him. It was just soda.
“Liz…” His speech was slurred. “When did you get here? I thought you were singing.”
Now, I was frightened. He had no clue that he had just said that. Something definitely was wrong. I felt my pulse and mind race as I tried to figure out what was going on and what to do. I had to get Patrick away from Becca that much I knew.
I grabbed the hair on the back of Becca’s head and threw her backwards. “What the hell did you do to him?”
She fell off the chair and landed on her butt. “Nothing that he didn’t really want, deep down. Just got him to relax and get out of his own way.”
She stood up and fidgeted with the charm around her neck. She wore it like some entitlement to him. That stupid charm was the reason why she cut out a chunk of my hair. Patrick remained on the lounge chair, trying unsuccessfully to get up. I stood between him and Becca. I’ll be damned if I let her touch him again. “I can’t believe you.”
Becca hissed back at me. “Look who’s talking! I thought you would have learned your lesson when I beat the shit out of you this week for coming between me and my Paddy.”
I cringed when she said her nickname for him. The name that I know he hated. A crowd was forming around us. No one was going to stop the evitable between me and her. Adrenaline rushed through me. Fight or flight. I couldn’t run and leave Patrick there. That was not going to happen. 
“You don’t know anything about him and what he wants.” I glanced quickly at Patrick and was appalled. I sharply exhaled when I realized what she was going to do. I was angry and in shock. “You would have had sex with him, right here, in front of everyone, wouldn’t you?”
“So? What the hell is it to you? It’s the least he owed me after bailing on me at the dance. Do you know how much I spent on that room? $250! Then he breaks up with me. Humiliates me. Hell no! He owed me at least one night for everyone to see.” 
She disgusted me. “You would have raped him, right here, in the middle of the party.”
“Raped?! Yeah, right. Guys don’t get raped. Just look at him, he wants it.” She scoffed.
“No, he doesn’t. You know he doesn’t want you, let alone have sex with you. That’s rape, you selfish sick bitch.” My blood boiled over with rage. I slapped her across the face. When I watched her recoil, I noticed our gawking crowd was larger. They had formed a half circle around us. This time I wouldn’t be caught by surprise, not with an audience seeming to respond to every move and word.
“You really want more? I’d be happy to do that.” Becca shoved me. 
I took a step back to regain my balance. I glared at her and tightened my jaw. She thought she could do whatever she wanted to whoever she wanted. That wasn’t going to happen here. With me. With Patrick.
“I’d like to see you try.” All the anger and hate I had for her exploded. Primal instinct took over and I went after Becca with all I had in me. 
I hit and kicked and clawed and scratched her. I wasn’t quite aware of what my arms, hands and legs were doing. She landed her share of shots, some on my still recovering bruises. It hurt like hell, but I wasn’t going to stop fighting back. 
“You’re weak. Paddy feels sorry for you. That’s why he’s nice to you. That’s why he pretends to be your friend.” Becca was seething. She didn’t know what she was talking about. I knew what she said wasn’t true. I hated her more for spewing those lies.
I grabbed her hair and yanked her head back. The heal of her hand thrust into my throat. It felt like I was choking, as if my throat made its way to the back of my neck. I gripped her wrist and tossed it to the side. I threw my fist into her face. We were entangled, rolling around on the ground, teetering close to the pool.
“You think the world revolves around you. It doesn’t. Everyone, including Patrick, sees you for the user and slut you are.” I shrieked.
She reach for me with her arms extended trying to go after my throat. I lunged toward her. My nails ran from cheek, down her neck and caught on the charm. She had this look of anger and shock on her face as she hit me. The necklace remained in my hand as I fell backward. It wasn’t my fault that it broke, it was hers.
I didn’t think it was possible for her to be any angrier with me, but it was. Not that it mattered, besides the feeling was mutual. I pushed myself back up and wrapped the chain around my fingers.
“You keep taking what’s mine. Give it back. Now.” She ordered.
“No, you keep losing what doesn’t belong to you.” I yelled back.
“That’s it!” She screamed. Her fist made contact with my cheek and I landed on the cement. The rings she was wearing cut into my face. My skin burned. I put my hand over it and felt the inferno of blood. Time moved so slowly and quickly at the same time.
She stood over me and began kicking me. I rolled to my side and staggered upwards. I locked onto her eyes and, with both hands, pushed her with everything I had. She stumbled several steps back. Becca lost her balance and started to fall backwards. Water flew everywhere. She had flopped into the pool. Good. She deserved much worse. I stood there for a long second enjoying the site of her flailing in the pool.
I heard the partygoers laughing and hollering at Becca. I saw Emily and Cassie trying to push through the crowd to get to me. The guys weren’t far behind them. 
Emily got to me first. She helped me get up and I involuntarily cringed. “Liz! God! Are you okay? I should have come out here with you.”
I shook her off. Adrenaline still coursed through my body and my voice trembled. “I’m fine.”
I turned quickly and hurried over to Patrick. I shoved the broken necklace into my pocket and knelt down beside him. He looked giddy and tried to sit up. His hand fell through the webbing on the chair. His laugh was over-exaggerated. “Hey, Liz! You done singing?”
I was glad he knew who I was, but my heart broke every time he asked the same question about me singing. I helped him get his hand uncaught from the chair and sit up. 
“Yeah, I’m done singing.” I leaned into him and whispered loudly in his ear. “Fix your pants.”
He looked at me confused and then down at himself. Patrick was able to pull up his zipper, but couldn’t button his pants. Close enough, at least it was closed and they wouldn’t fall down.
I grabbed the nearby cup, wrapped my arm behind him and tried to get him to stand up. Emily and Cassie gasped when they saw the condition he was in. I turned to them and saw the guys, “Help me.”
Bobby went on the other side of Patrick and lifted him up. “Up we go.”
“I don’t understand. Do we have to go?” Patrick slurred.
“Yes, we do.” I said urgently.
“But why?” It was like talking to a four-year-old. He was clueless.
“Because I want to leave.” I looked at him and searched his eyes, hoping to connect to the Patrick that might understand me on any level.
He nodded obediently. “Okay.”
The normally charismatic, coordinated, great at everything guy that was my best friend couldn’t walk straight. He couldn’t walk. Patrick kept tripping over his own two feet. Bobby shouldered most of Patrick’s weight, lifting him when he stumbled. 
It wasn’t until we got to Patrick and Jason’s cars that I realized the entire crew was around us. Patrick pulled his keys out his pocket and futilely attempted to put the key in the lock.
Bobby put his hand out, “Give me the keys.”
Patrick finally got the door unlocked. Bobby stood in the way of Patrick opening up the driver’s side door. Patrick tried to push Bobby aside, but Bobby wouldn’t give. “What’s your problem, Bobby? It’s my car.”
“You shouldn’t be driving.” Bobby was staring him down.
“I’m fine.” Patrick turned to me and flopped against the car. “Tell him.”
I shook my head. I didn’t want to fight with him too. “No. Please, just give me your keys.”
He started to slide down the side of the car and looked dizzy. Bobby propped him up and took the keys from him. Bobby unlocked the rest of the doors and I slid into the back seat. I put the cup in the holder. Bobby helped get Patrick into the back with me. Emily ran over to the front passenger seat. Kraig, Cassie and Tony piled into Jason’s car and they were going to follow us.
The problem was we didn’t know where we were going. Bobby started the car and pulled away from the curb. “Where am I driving? We can’t take him home like this.”
Patrick leaned against me. He felt so hot, like he was burning up. He was having a harder and harder time holding his head up. His eyes glazed over.
“Let’s go to Liz’s. Your parents aren’t home, right?” Emily frantically suggested.
“No, they’re not, but…I think he needs real help.” I imagined the worst happening. No, my house was not a good idea.
The three of us went back and forth as to what to do. All of a sudden, Patrick felt like dead weight on me. I shook him and yelled at him and he was completely unresponsive. Patrick was barely breathing. Terror enveloped me. I screamed at Bobby to take us to the hospital.
Bobby rushed us to the hospital, but it didn’t seem fast enough. Those were some of the longest minutes of my life. I kept checking to see if he was breathing and alive. He had to be alive. He had to be.
I begged him, not that he could hear me. “Stay with me. Patrick, hang in there, we’re almost there. Please, stay with me. Patrick! Please! Don’t leave me.”



37. NOT ALONE

Bobby pulled up the emergency room doors. Emily jumped out of the car and ran inside. She came back out with some nurses with a gurney. They got Patrick out of the car and onto the gurney. I followed them inside the hospital. 
The nurse asked me if I knew what happened as they wheeled him through the ER. I filled her in. She made me stay in the waiting room. The crew quickly flooded into the waiting room and were at my side. I could hear them talking, saying something, but I couldn’t make it out. I didn’t try. My head was throbbing. My heart was racing. I felt sick to my stomach when I realized what I had to do next. 
I had to call his parents. I wanted them to hear it from me, instead of the hospital. Not that I knew what his condition was. God, he has to be okay. Please, let him be okay.
I took out my cell phone and dialed his home phone number. The line rang and I wanted to throw up. Mrs. Connor picked up. “Hello?”
“Hi, Mrs. Connor.” I managed to stammer out. 
“Liz? What’s wrong? Is everything okay?” Her tone went from polite to worried instantaneously when she heard me.
I knew that delaying what had to be said wasn’t making it easier on either of us. But her world was perfect before I called and now I was sending it into a tailspin. “Uh…no. It’s Patrick. We’re at the hospital.” 
“Oh, God. What happened? Is he okay?” She yelled to her husband and I could hear her frantically moving.
“I don’t know… I don’t know.” I mumbled and rocked back and forth in my seat.
“Liz?” Mr. Connor took the phone from his wife. “We’ll be right there. Where are you?”
I told him which hospital. They were on their way. I desperately tried to keep it together. Kraig sat down next to me and tried to comfort me. He tried to convince me to get myself checked out. I didn’t want to hear it. 
I should have been there sooner. It should never have happened. I should have gotten him out of there quicker. God, I hurt. My head was throbbing, my face stung. My sides hurt. I think the adrenaline was wearing off.
* * *
I saw Patrick’s family come in. They saw us immediately. I guess I should have cleaned myself up a little, because I really freaked his mom out when she saw me. 
She ran up to me and hugged me. “Oh God, look at you. What kind of accident was it? Have you heard anything yet?”
I screamed in pain and she let go. “They haven’t said anything.”
Mr. Connor nodded and went off to get information on Patrick. Mrs. Connor apologized for hurting me. “What happened?”
I looked at her, Lindsey and Andy. Andy looked so frightened. It must of have been what Patrick looked like when Lindsey was hurt so many years ago. I would do anything to spare his family this heartache. But I couldn’t. I didn’t know how to. How could I explain what happened in front of Andy? This was definitely something that he shouldn’t be subjected to. 
I bit my lip, which stung because it was swollen and cut. Kraig took Andy by the hand and walked him over to the other guys that were just a few seats away. At least we could spare one of them the imagery. Emily and Cassie stayed with me. I told his mom and Lindsey what happened to Patrick. “I’m sorry.”
I never saw them angry before, but I knew they were beyond that. His mom tried to keep her composure, probably for the sake of Andy, but Lindsey couldn’t. “That bitch! I want to beat the shit out of her!”
Cassie cleared her throat. “Liz, already did.”
Lindsey looked at me, wide-eyed, a hint of a smile touched her lips. “Good.”
“Is that what happened to you?” Mrs. Connor brushed hair out of my eyes. Some strands were stuck to the drying blood on my face. Kraig came back and sat beside me. 
“Yeah, and she refuses to get checked out.” Emily tattled.
Kraig joined in on the parade. “I told her she needs to see a doctor, but she won’t listen to me.”
I shook my head. “I need to know he’s okay.” 
“He’d want to know that you were okay. Please, for me, let the doctors look at you. I don’t want to worry about the both of you.” How could I argue with his mom?
His dad came back and had no information. At least the hospital knew that they were there. The nurse, who we first met at the hospital, came out to let them know that he had stabilized, but he wasn’t out of the woods yet. Whatever that meant. 
The nurse looked at me, “Will you let me take a look at you now?”
I nodded. “Sure.”
I didn’t want to be alone. I was having flashbacks of San Francisco. Being by myself, getting medical care, brought back too many memories that I didn’t want to experience again. But nobody there knew about that, so how could they understand how scared I was? I stood up and felt dizzy.
Kraig caught and steadied me. “I’ll go with you. If it’s okay with you…”
* * *
The nurse led us to a curtained exam area. She had me lie down on the bed as she grabbed stuff to clean my wounds. Nurse Susan disinfected the cuts on my face, which stung unbelievably. Kraig held my hand through it. I think I crushed his hand a few times. 
She asked me a bunch of questions. Like… What happened? Did I hit my head? Had I lost consciousness recently? How often did I feel dizzy or light-headed? I knew if I wasn’t truthful, Mrs. Connor and Patrick would be mad at me. So, I told her how there were a couple times I had, but had to keep going anyway.
“A couple times, including before you stood up to come with me?”
“Yeah. But I’m okay.”
She was concerned because I had blacked out on Monday and in less than a week, I had hit my head again. I didn’t want to be admitted. I wanted to be with Patrick. I wasn’t planning on leaving the hospital anytime soon. I just didn’t want to be stuck in bed. 
As Nurse Susan checked me over, she noticed me recoiling when she lightly touched my side. She lifted part of my shirt and saw how bruised my ribs were. It was an interesting shade of purples and reds against my copper skin. Great, now she wanted even more x-rays to make sure nothing was broken. I was anxious to get back to everyone and find out how Patrick was doing. Now, the only way to do it was to do whatever the nurse wanted. She took me over to get x-rays and would have a doctor come by to look them over and do my stitches. Kraig went to see if there was any news on Patrick.
* * *
When I got back from x-ray, Kraig, Mrs. Connor and a police officer were there waiting for me. The officer wanted to get my statement of what had happened to Patrick. He had already spoken to the others. I had a flashback of me speaking to detective from a hospital bed. I was physically and emotionally in a different place than before. Better? Yes and no. Worse? In a way. Different? Sorta.
I couldn’t look at Mrs. Connor as I gave the officer more details than I originally gave her. I knew the police needed to know everything. Things that I tried to spare his family. As I meticulously recounted the horror of the evening, what I saw, what I did, I remembered something. “I grabbed the cup I saw him drinking from. It’s still in the car.”
“Good. I’d like to collect that from you.” He looked up from his little notepad. Kraig left with him, to get him the cup.
Patrick’s mom lightly put her hand on my leg. I turned my head to face her, slowly bringing my gaze up. She gave me a gentle hug. 
“Thank you, Liz. It hardly seems like enough. I am so grateful that you were there for him. I don’t want to think what would have happened to him if you weren’t.” Her voice broke.
I hugged her back. “I wish I could have done more. You should go back to the family.”
She should be with her husband and other kids, not in here sitting by my bedside. She politely disagreed, “You need me here. Lindsey will come if there’s any news. At least here I feel a little useful.”
“Thanks.” I smiled awkwardly. I was truly grateful.
The doctor walked in, Dr. Spencer. He put the x-rays up on the lighted board. Nothing was broken. Just as I thought. I just bruised the hell out of my ribs and my head. The doctor pulled up a stool next to me and started stitching up my face. I had four stitches just under my right eye, almost high on the cheekbone. My lip was split, but there wasn’t anything they could do about that except clean it. I had a bunch of other cuts and bruises, all cleaned and treated as best as possible and a medication for the pain. 
The doctor also expressed his concern about my recent head injuries. Mrs. Connor looked so concerned. I had to admit, it felt nice. It was sweet that she was worried about me. I felt loved. I was ordered to take it easy and to come back if I experienced any dizziness, light-headedness, blurry vision or having any ringing in the ears. Fine, fine. Just let us leave already. 
* * *
When we returned to the waiting room, Andy was asleep on the chairs, his head rested in Lindsey’s lap. The crew came up to me and asked how I was doing. I told them I’d be fine, just a few stitches. I hid behind my hair, letting it cover the right side of my face.
Patrick’s doctor came out and spoke with his parents. I couldn’t take my eyes off them. I don’t think I even blinked. I desperately tried to figure out what was being said from a distance of 40 feet away. His dad maintained his composure—exuding the strength that dads should in situations like this. His arm wrapped around Mrs. Connor’s back, supporting her, and I didn’t doubt, himself.
Mrs. Connor nodded nervously as the doctor spoke. It was like he wasn’t giving her the information she wanted quick enough. Her hand rose to her chest and sighed. The doctor put his hand on her shoulder as if to reassure her. He turned and walked away. 
They stood there talking with each other for a couple minutes. Mrs. Connor shook her head. Whatever her husband was saying, she didn’t seem to agree. They quickly came to some compromise and walked over to me and the crew, hand in hand.
They shared the news with the rest of us. They had found a large amount of rohypnol in his system. He had suffered from respiratory depression when he arrived. His breathing had improved, his temperature was down. He was responding to stimuli. He still hadn’t woken up yet, they expected him to be asleep for several hours. The doctors believed that he would be fine and they were moving him into a room. I was so relieved. But I wouldn’t feel completely better until he was awake and told me himself.
His parents thanked everyone for their help and being there for him. “Go home and get some rest guys.”
Mr. Connor picked up Andy, who was still sleeping—it was way past his bedtime. Mrs. Connor and Lindsey hugged each one of the crew goodbye. I just stood there. I didn’t want to leave. Please don’t make me go home to an empty house. I’d go insane there by myself.
“Liz, I’d feel better if you stayed with me, since you’re parents aren’t home. The doctor said to keep an eye on you. If something happened and you were alone, I would never forgive myself.” Mrs. Connor gently took parental control over me. I honestly, didn’t mind. 
I looked back at the crew. “I guess I’m staying.”
Mr. Connor pulled out his keys and insisted driving some of the crew home. He didn’t want them cramming into one car and was going home to put Andy to bed. Lindsey was going to stay at the hospital with her mom. 
“No, it’s okay. We can all fit in Jason’s.” Bobby insisted.
“Not legally. If something happened…” I never heard Mr. Connor sound so tired. “Please, we really don’t want to worry about any of you right now.” 
Bobby nodded and obeyed. “Okay. Thank you.”
The crew carefully hugged me, knowing that actually touching my sides, front, arms—well, basically most of me—hurt. 
Bobby stared at me intently, seriously. The light that usually shown in his brown eyes was gone. It was replaced with heartache. “Liz, thank you. Patrick has been one of my best friends since kindergarten. If anything happened to him tonight…” He shook his head. “You have been a breath of fresh air in his life and tonight, you saved it. I should have picked up on what Becca was doing…” He looked down, ashamed. “I guess, as much as I saw through stuff she did, I didn’t. And because of that, I failed him.”
“No.” I was adamant. “You were there for him and me. You are a great friend. You got us here in time. He’s going to be okay.” I never thought I would be the one who would be the optimist, especially in the crew. That was Patrick’s job. Correction, it is Patrick’s job.
I reiterated my intent to call them with any news. We said our good-byes and out the door they went.
A nurse came out and told us the room number that they had moved Patrick to. Mrs. Connor put her arm around Lindsey and me as we walked to the elevator. I really hoped that Patrick would be awake before Andy returned and that Andy could remain blissfully unaware of how frightening tonight had been. How he could have lost his big brother. That he was spared the terror that Patrick told me he still remembered from when Lindsey was hurt.



38. KINDRED SPIRITS

As far as hospital rooms go, it was okay. There were two chairs, a stool, and a little two-person couch in it. The other bed in the room was unoccupied. A bathroom was attached.
Then there was Patrick, lying perfectly still in his bed, IVs attached to him. I was glad that they said his breathing had improved since I held him in my arms as we rushed him to the ER. I don’t think I could have taken seeing some tube down his throat. Instead, he had a thin little tube giving his oxygen through his nostrils.
He looked like he was sleeping. If he was, I hoped he was having pleasant dreams and would wake up soon!
I sat next to him, gently stroking his hand. Was he dreaming? Was he able to think in his state? Did he know we were all there with him waiting for him to wake up?
His mom and sister were on the other side of him. Lindsey stood beside her mom, with her hand on her back. Mrs. Connor held his hand. Every so often she’d look up and our eyes would meet. 
“He’s going to be fine. We just have to be patient.” I wasn’t sure if she was trying to convince us or herself. Maybe both.
The three of us sat in silence and kept vigil at Patrick’s bedside. Now that I was just sitting, able to see him, I felt like the flurry of the night was slowing down.
I kept replaying the night over and over in my mind. How everything was great, then contorted into a nightmare. I couldn’t sleep, I was afraid of not snapping out of the nightmare and I wanted to be there when Patrick woke up. At least, awake reliving it, I could look around the room and know I wasn’t stuck at Dylan’s party. After going over it for the thousandth time and finding things I could have done differently. Seventeen to be exact. I had to stop.
I needed to think of something else. I needed to calm down. I did the only thing I could think of that would. I started singing to myself. Well, in my head. I thought about the first time I sang for Patrick, in Mr. D’s room. It seemed so long ago. But it had only been about two months. 
After a half dozen or so songs, my throat started to ache. Was this a side effect of the medication they gave me?
“Why’d you stop?” Lindsey’s question pulled me out of my cocoon.
“Huh?” Stop what? I was confused.
Mrs. Connor looked concerned. “Liz, dear, are you okay?”
Why were they looking at me funny? “Yeah.” I responded hesitantly.
“Lindsey, maybe you should go find a doctor for Liz.”
“No, I’m okay. I’m just…thirsty.” I suddenly realized I was parched. My throat felt raw.
“I’ll get some water. Mom, do you want anything? Coffee?” Lindsey volunteered.
“Whatever you bring is fine. Thank you, sweetie.” She squeezed Lindsey’s hand. Lindsey left in search of drinks. I think she was glad to feel useful. Mrs. Connor smiled lightly at me, it was the first I’d seen all night on her. She seemed to be in a little better mood, considering her eldest son was lying in a hospital bed. “That was a beautiful rendition of that song.”
Oh my God. It clicked why my throat hurt. I wasn’t singing in my head, it was out loud. I was mortified. The strain in my throat had to be because I wasn’t at full volume. At least that was something. “I’m so sorry. I thought I was just singing to myself. I didn’t mean to…” I put my head down on the edge of the bed.
She chuckled. “No, it’s fine.” She patted the top of my head. “There’s a calm that comes over you when you sing and it’s contagious. We needed it.”
I lifted my head and managed a quarter smile. It felt good that I was able to help her in some way. “Really?”
“Yes.” She smiled. “And that’s one of my favorite shows. Have you seen Les Miserables before?”
“Once in junior high. We had gone to visit my godmother in Seattle. She had tickets. I fell in love with it.” My mom couldn’t wait for it to be over. “Eponine sings some of my favorite songs.”
Lindsey returned with water and coffee. We talked about theater, a welcome distraction. They had seen a lot more than I had dreamed of. Their family had season tickets every year to the Broadway-San Diego shows at the Civic Theatre. 
They had a whole tradition that I envied. They took turns picking the restaurant for dinner, go to the show, then out for dessert and coffee. I could only long for one night like that, let alone many nights during the course of a year. Unconsciously, I squeezed my hands. I had forgotten that I was still holding onto Patrick’s hand. That’s when I noticed, his hand twitched. It wasn’t much movement, but it did move. 
I stood up from my seat, still holding his hand and ever so lightly shook him with my other. “Patrick… Can you hear me? Wake up. Open your eyes.” It was a cross between ordering and begging.
My heart felt lighter once he slowly opened his eyes. He looked around the room at me, Lindsey and his mom. “Mom? Lindsey? Liz? What happened? Where am I?”
I smiled as his mom told him everything was going to be okay. It was. For once during this never-ending night, I felt that it really would be. 
* * *
The police came by to talk to him before he was discharged. He didn’t have much to add except that the only person he accepted a drink from was Becca. Mostly because he couldn’t remember much after that. He didn’t remember me talking to him or my fight with Becca. Apparently, it was very common for someone who was roofied to have a complete blank of the night. It usually was other things that would tip the victim off that something bad happened. In his case, waking up in the hospital.
The crew didn’t wait long after I called them to stop by for a visit. They wanted to see for themselves that he was fine. Aside from having no memory of last night after our time in the game room, there seemed to be nothing wrong with him. Lindsey took the opportunity to convince her mom to get some air and something to eat. 
Up to that point, I had successfully avoided telling him the details of how we got him away from Becca. Lindsey knew I was concerned about how Patrick would react to me retaliating, in any way, to Becca. Of course, at the time we talked about it, I didn’t think I’d be trying to get Patrick away from her for his safety. Still, it was something that could wait until he was out of the hospital. He would eventually find out. No doubt, it would be part of this year’s epic stories of Dylan’s party. 
It was easy for Patrick to ask them what happened. They came in, excited to see him and talking about how worried they were. Emily seamlessly switched gears from sharing her fright to her awe and amazement. “You should have seen it, Patrick, Liz was amazing. I couldn’t believe it. She really let Becca have it.”
Great. So much for waiting until he was out of the hospital. I didn’t say anything. I didn’t have to. Emily and Cassie were more than happy to share what happened. I just sat there on the little couch barely moving and carefully watching his reaction. 
They told him how we were singing, then how I got worried and went outside when he didn’t return. From there, I hadn’t heard her version of the night. Hearing about the night through her perspective was surreal. Did Patrick feel the same way? He attentively listened and occasionally would look over at me, frozen in my seat.
He almost looked like he was hearing a story about someone else. Not me. Not him. When he glanced at me, it was with disbelief and shock. The crew sang my praises and credited me with his safe escape.
His brows raised and head shook in disbelief. “Wow.”
Bobby stared at Patrick, me, then Patrick again. “You didn’t know?” He turned back at me. “Why didn’t you tell him?”
I shrugged my shoulders. “I was going to…later.” Eventually.
Patrick’s gaze was intense. “Come here.” He waved his hand and motioned for me to stand next to him.
I walked over and circled around the crew, who stood on both sides of his bed. I hid even more behind my hair, keeping my head tilted down. It covered the half of my face that made the most contact with Becca and the ground. I stood next to his bed, closer to him than I had all night. He brushed my hair aside to see my entire face and tucked it behind my ear. My scars and stitches exposed. My chest tightened and my face scrunched up. Without turning, he asked the crew, “Can you guys give us a minute?”
I heard them leave, wishing they wouldn’t. I wasn’t afraid of what he’d do, but what he might say. What if I presumed wrong last night? I didn’t think I did, but what if? What if he was mad that I was in a knock out, drag out fight with Becca, especially the way Emily told it? Even though they broke up, I knew he still cared about her, maybe even loved her.
“Relax.” He gently spoke, carefully lifting my chin. “Please look at me.”
I looked up to meet his eyes, frightened at what might be coming next. I held my breath.
He searched my face and finally spoke, “I’m not mad. If that’s what you think. Not at you, at least.”
My voice cracked. “You’re not?” Surprised, I started to breathe again.
“Of course not.” He chuckled softly. “You’re my hero. My own personal Superman. Or should I call you Wonder Woman?”
I laughed in spite of myself. “Ow.” The sharp pain in my side reminded me that I wasn’t invincible like a superhero. “I wish I was.” I pulled my arm close to my side, as if to protect it.
Patrick winced in sympathy and worry. “Are you okay?” He reached out to me, but stopped like he didn’t know where to put his hand without hurting me.
“I’ll live.” I simply said. Hoping he wouldn’t notice I really wasn’t answering his question.
He did and sighed, “That’s not an answer.” 
I bit my lip, trying to think of what to say that wasn’t a lie. The silent seconds ticked by which felt like minutes.
He broke the silence. “That bad huh?” 
My face fell. I felt like I let him down. I wanted to be strong, I just wished it didn’t hurt so much. Because it did, I was afraid that I wasn’t. But if there was anyone I could always be completely honest with, it was Patrick. “Yeah.” I reluctantly whispered. I didn’t want him to feel bad, but I didn’t know what else to say.
“How bad?” His voice was steady. If we weren’t in the hospital, I would never have thought anything had been wrong with him.
“Don’t be mad.” I begged him. 
He shook his head. His voice was incredulous. “Why would I be mad at you? You saved me from…”
“Yeah…I know.” It was at that instant that I knew what he must have felt when he heard what happened to me in San Francisco. Only, he was hearing about it after the fact and there was nothing he could do to stop any of it from happening. I was in the position to do something about it. I had the same rage last night that he had the day of the trial. I threw myself in front of a train to stop him from getting hurt. I know he would have done the same for me. 
I knew what he was feeling at that moment. When you realize how close you were to being raped. Petrified isn’t strong enough. Terror, maybe? Disconcerting doesn’t cover it. It’s like the foundation of yourself has cracked and you falling through some chasm. No matter what people or logic says, you feel like you shoulder at least part of the blame. You know you shouldn’t, but you do. 
I slowly lifted the side of my shirt up to reveal the palette of reds and purples. I carefully watched his reaction. His eyes widened in disbelief. He reached out to touch my side. I braced myself for the contact. His fingers lightly touched my bruises, it was like a feather, so it barely stung. Maybe it was also because I knew he wouldn’t hurt me.
His eyes were warm and grateful. “Thank you. It doesn’t seem to cover it. I just wish you weren’t hurt.”
I lowered my shirt and took his hand. I didn’t want him feeling guilty. I had to be strong, so he wouldn’t feel that way. “I know. But I’d do it again if I had to.” I thought for a second. “But I’d appreciate it if you’d wait until I healed first.” I cracked a little smile to let him know I was really okay with it all.
He laughed. “Deal.” He gave my hand a squeeze and smiled. “Seriously though, thank you.” He pulled my hand to his face and kissed it.



EPILOGUE—SEASONS CHANGE

The next morning I awoke feeling somewhat rested. I should, I slept for fourteen hours. Of course, I didn’t really sleep the night before, so I still was kind of tired. At least now, I felt like I could function. 
I glanced at my calendar. Oh crap. I had a scholarship application that needed to be postmarked by today. I immediately knew which one it was. It was one that I kept procrastinating on. I can’t put it off any longer. I needed to get it done. Now.
I sat at my desk, turned on my computer and pulled out the application. 
Describe a significant event in your life and how it changed you (Minimum: 750 words).
A wave of warmth washed over me. I smiled. Two months ago, this prompt seemed impossible to answer. And a 750 word minimum was a Herculean task. Now, it was easy.
The event? It seemed innocuous enough, changing seats in class—physics class. But it saved my life. How did it change me? I was no longer alone. I know now that friendship, love and hope are possible.
I finished my essay and my phone rang. I printed out my paper.
It was Patrick. “Hey, Liz! I wasn’t sure if you’d be up yet. Whatcha doing?”
“Been up for a bit. I’m just printing out an essay for a scholarship.” I took the printed pages out of my printer and folded it together with the application.
“Got any plans today?”
“Just the post office. This has to be postmarked today.” I addressed and stuffed the envelope. 
“Great. I’ll pick you up. We can grab something to eat.” He offered. I could hear his keys jingling in the background.
“Okay. How about Beach Burgers?” I suggested. I was craving one of their messy, juicy burgers and a chocolate shake.
“Sounds great!” I could hear him grinning from ear to ear. “I’m on my way.”
I got up from my chair. My side still hurt. I’m sure it would for awhile. I smiled, I was okay with that. I didn’t mind the pain anymore because I wasn’t a victim. That made it sting less.
I looked at the calendar again. Wow, fall ended yesterday. What a difference a nine months makes. A lot can happen in that time. A baby could be born. You can complete a school year. Your life could completely change. Near the end of last school year, my ‘friends’ didn’t so much as notice that I wasn’t myself anymore and stopped hanging out with them. Now, my friends wouldn’t let me be alone and wanted to make sure that I’m okay. It is nice to have people who care.
Today was the first day of winter and I was looking forward to it. 
Enjoyed this book?
Please leave a review on Smashwords.com and “like” Bits and Pieces (The Series) on Facebook

Also available:
Books in the Bits and Pieces Series
Falling
Winter Solstice*
Wintering*
Springing*
Summering**
*Coming Soon to Smashwords and currently available at other retailers
**TBD

About the Author
Shirley Miranda lives with her husband in San Diego as a high school math and computer science teacher. If she were an English teacher, you wouldn’t be surprised that she wrote a book.

Website
ShirleyMiranda.com (Author’s Website)

Social Networking
Facebook: Bits and Pieces (The Series)
“Like” to get updates, find out behind-the-scenes information and ask questions.
Winter Solstice
Book #2 in The Bits and Pieces Series

By Shirley Miranda

(Continue reading for a sample)


PROLOGUE

Winter Break.  I have never been so excited for Christmas vacation before.  The nice thing about being a student is that I get two ‘new years’.  Two chances to make a new year’s resolution.  There’s the calendar year that everyone gets.  The one where usually people say they’ll diet, exercise more, that kind of stuff.  They focus on themselves as a person.  Then there’s the new school year.  This is where students claim they’ll do better, study more, try out for a sport or something.  It’s nice to get two new starts.  After all, I’d been through this year I am really looking forward to a fresh start.  Well, as fresh as possible.  At least I won’t be starting the year off alone.
Not being alone is the first thing on my new year’s resolution list.



PREPARATIONS

I took a deep breath and double-checked that I had the directions to the airport. The last time I drove there, I would have gotten lost if my best friend Patrick hadn’t gone with me. I had blissfully and thankfully had the house to myself for the last six days while my parents were in Denver. My mom had a business trip which they had turned into a mini ski vacation. This wasn’t unusual. Why not turn a business trip into a getaway? One person’s plane ticket was paid for and part of the hotel. It was a great deal. I used to go on many of their trips, but since our trip to San Francisco over Spring Break, I hadn’t. That’s when I was attacked in the city and they blamed me for it. Like I was looking for trouble or something. So, to them, I’m ‘safer’ at home. If they only knew…
I looked in the rear-view mirror and made sure my hair was okay. It wasn’t vanity. I needed to be sure that my hair covered the part of my face that had bruises, scratches and stitches. 
Over the last two days, I’d been thinking about what to say when they got back—getting my story straight and flawless, in case they asked a bunch of questions. I didn’t do anything wrong or bad. In fact, I did everything right, but that wouldn’t stop my parents from twisting it into something that ‘embarrassed the family’ or was bad. The less they knew, the better off we all were.
I was extra careful and told my friends not to mention what I had done to my parents. I had to, they were so proud of me. They saw what I did as a great thing, my parents wouldn’t. I felt bad, but I even asked Patrick’s parents the same thing. My parents just wouldn’t understand and they’d make me stop being friends with all of them—even though it wasn’t their fault either. There was no need for them to know what happened. Just in case, I had a story all figured out to tell them and the truth was not part of it. 
Despite my printed directions, I got a little lost heading to the airport. I wasn’t surprised. But, I did get there in time, which was the important thing. I pulled along side the curb as I saw my parents walking out of the San Diego airport. I popped open the trunk and got out of the car. I helped my mom with her bags. As I turned, the wind blew through my hair, slightly exposing my wounds.
My mom grabbed me by my chin and turned my face to hers. “Elizabeth, what is this? What happened?” She demanded.
I got into a huge fight with Becca, Patrick’s ex-girlfriend, because she tried to drug and rape him in front of everyone at a Christmas party. It was the only way I could get her to stop. Patrick ended up in the hospital and it was pretty scary for a while, but he’s okay now. I got stitches and prayed that she’d have to pay for what she did. Yeah, that’s not what I’m telling them. Not if I ever wanted to see the light of day or my friends again. It wouldn’t matter if I did something right. They’d mangle it into something that made me sound like I was looking for trouble and deserved it. 
“Nothing.” I lied. “I slipped at school ‘cause I didn’t see that the ground was wet and slid into a planter.” The best lies were always the simplest. No need to keep the focus on it longer than it had to be. The fewer details to divulge the better and if there was a grain of truth in the lie, it was more believable. I’ve tripped and slid into things before, hurting myself. This was nothing new. 
She shook her head. “Imagine what would trouble you have gotten yourself into if you went skiing with us?” She let go of my chin and got into the car.
Yeah, because I always go looking for trouble. Whatever. I put her bag in the trunk and got into the back seat. My dad drove and occasionally interjected comments while my mom shared their latest vacation adventure.
Christmas was just three days away. I was shocked when my mom had told me that we were spending Christmas Eve at our place and family was coming over. Since the house wasn’t decorated for it, she wanted me to do it. I was on winter break and they were out of town. So, who else would get it done?
The crew helped me decorate. We made a night of it. My friends were great. They didn’t hesitate to offer to help including the guys. I think they were glad to know that my parents would be home for Christmas—unlike Thanksgiving. The guys helped me get the boxes of Christmas decorations out of the garage and setup the tree for me. I could have gotten the boxes out myself, but it would have taken me forever to do it. But the tree… I can’t imagine having to get the tree out of my car, into the house, saw off the bottom end and set it up in the living room alone.
We walked into the house and the smell of the Christmas tree filled the air. I always loved that smell. It was never really captured right in candles or room sprays. My mom looked around the room. I hoped for her approval, but braced myself for her criticism.
“Why did you put the tree there?” She pointed to the front window where the tree was centered.
My stomach started to sink. “Last year, you said you wanted to put the tree in a different place and wanted to put it in front of the window.” I remembered distinctly her saying that.
Her face soured. “What? So, everyone can see that we have a tree and can rob the house?” She walked over to the fireplace mantel. “The garland? Is it real?”
“Yes.” The crew and I had fun finding good pieces to use as garland around the house. It made the Christmas tree scent so much more intense. It looked better too. But, I knew from the sound of her voice that she didn’t like it.
She shook her head in disapproval. “It’s going to dry out and make a mess. You should have used the artificial ones we had in the boxes.” Use the fake looking, non-smelling, loosing its plastic needles garland? Sometimes I think that she does this just to put me in my place and test my obedience. Maybe she has fun making me feel like what I do is never enough or right. “Did you do this by yourself?” She had an accusatory tone to her. She knew I couldn’t have. There was no point lying about that one. It would have been impossible for me to get the tree in the house without help.
“No.” I looked down at the bottom of the tree. I felt like she was testing to see if I would lie. She never knew when I did—at least not that I could tell. I made sure to mention everyone by name, so she knew the girls were here too. But I didn’t want her to blame them for how things looked. “The crew—Emily, Kraig, Bobby, Jason, Tony, Cassie and Patrick helped me.” 
I could feel her stare. “Hmph. That was nice of your friends. But you know you’re not supposed to have parties here.”
“It wasn’t a party. They just came over to help.”
“No one else?” She eyed me.
“No.” Who else would I ask to come over? She knew I wasn’t the partying type.
“Patrick was here?” Her tone changed slightly. Before, I would have been scared that she’d yell at me if she asked that question. Now, it was almost like she was double checking that he was here, like it was a good thing.
“Yes.”
“That’s good.” She turned and headed to her room.
What the heck? Okay. That was nice to know. She didn’t mind Patrick. She probably thought he was a good influence or something. If she only she knew that I owe my life to him. Maybe asking to go to places with Patrick and the crew won’t be as bad as I thought it would. 
* * *
As much as I wanted to get all my Christmas shopping done before my parents came back, I couldn’t. It wasn’t that I had a ton of presents to buy, but I wanted to find the right present. Maybe I was over-thinking it, but I wanted to make sure that it was thoughtful. I didn’t want to get just anything, just to give something. 
The only thing I had left to find was something for Patrick’s mom to let her know I appreciated all her kindness. I decided to get Emily and Cassie a little gift– that’s what girls do, exchange presents with their girl friends. Right? Besides, they had accepted me from the beginning, never making me feel like I was barging in on their best friendship. I made a collage of pictures from the Winter Formal and just had to pick it up from the Photo Center and place it in the frame I bought. Their pictures were slightly different because I made sure they each had plenty of pictures with their boyfriends in it and a few of the entire crew. 
Then, there was Patrick. I knew him so well, so it should be easy, but somehow that just made it harder. I listened even when he didn’t think I was listening to get different ideas. It took me a while, but I finally figured out what to get him. I don’t know why I didn’t think of it before. Tickets to an NBA game. The question is what game?
I could get tickets for when the Celtics came to LA. Okay, so the Celts were my favorite team. But he never told me his. He had to have one, he loved basketball so much. But it was weird that when I told him about being a Celtics fan, he didn’t look disgusted, like most people seemed to San Diego. When you live in San Diego, or anywhere in Southern California, you’re supposed to be an LA basketball fan—usually the Lakers. So, the Celtics being rivals of the Lakers, gets you a lot of hate from San Diego basketball fans, especially at school. No, he didn’t look upset or shocked when I had told him. He just smiled. We’d talk about the Celtics game the next day in class sometimes. I always thought he was just being nice to me, finding something—other than school stuff—to talk about. 
The more I thought about the conversations he’d had with the guys about basketball, I realized they never talked about Lakers like all the other guys at school did. I decided to ask Lindsey, his sister, about it. She was home from Stanford for winter break. 
I called her up. “Hey, Lindsey. It’s Liz.”
“Oh, hi Liz. What’s up? Everything okay?” We’ve talked before, but not with me calling her up, it was always when Patrick did.
“Yeah. Everything’s fine. I just need your help with something. Are you busy?” 
“Nah. How can I help?” She seemed happy to.
“So, I’ve been thinking about what get Patrick for Christmas.”
“Cutting it a little close, aren’t you?” She teased.
“Yeah, well, he isn’t exactly the easiest person to shop for.” I chuckled.
“Don’t I know it. And I’ve had to do it for years!” She laughed. “Need ideas? ‘Cause you know he’d say that he doesn’t want anything.”
“I know. But I want to.” I sighed. “So, I was wondering if you could tell me what Patrick’s favorite basketball team is.”
“How can you not know that?” Lindsey seemed shocked. “I thought he told me that you guys have talked basketball.”
“Well, yeah, we have. That’s why I can’t believe I don’t know. But I don’t remember him really saying what his favorite team is.”
“Come on. You must have some idea.” She challenged me. I didn’t say anything. I felt like a huge loser for not knowing something so basic about my best friend. “God, Liz. He’s a big Boston fan.”
“Really?!” So he wasn’t just being nice talking to me about the Celtics?
“Heck yeah.” I swear I could hear her grinning. “He wanted me to go to Harvard or M.I.T. or any school over there so he had an extra excuse to go to a Celtics home game.”
I laughed. “I would have suggested it too.”
“We have some family out there. If they happen to be playing when we visit, we try to go to a game”
I still couldn’t believe that I had found one of the few non-LA fans in San Diego and he was a Celtic fan too! “Why didn’t he just tell me? All this time…” I shook my head, still in disbelief. “When was the last time you guys went to a game there?”
“They went over Spring Break. I couldn’t go this year.”
Ah. That kind of explains it. He probably didn’t want to tell me how great his Spring Break was when he knew how awful mine was. That had to be it. Somehow he just danced around us having a team in common. “Have you guys ever gone to a game here? I mean, a Celtics game in LA?”
“No. Once he visited me at school and the Celts were in town playing the Warriors, so we went to a game there. He had a great time.”
“Hmmm… Okay. ‘Cause I was thinking of getting him tickets to a Celtics game in LA. What do you think?”
“That’s a great idea!” She exclaimed. “Wait. Do you know when they are playing in LA?”
“Umm. Hold on, let me check real fast.” I went to my computer and looked up the schedule online. “They are playing next week in LA, then again in February.”
“Get him the one next week.” She told me.
“You sure? That’s not too short of a notice?” I was leaning toward the February one.
“Nah. That way he’d get to go now versus waiting two months.” She explained. That made sense. 
“You sure it’ll be okay with your parents?” I knew her parents were cool about a lot more stuff than mine, but it was short notice.
“Oh, yeah. Don’t worry about that.” She didn’t seem concerned.
“Okay. I’ll get him tickets for next week’s game. But you need to make sure your family doesn’t go anywhere on the 27th.” I insisted.
“Yeah. Yeah. I’ll take care of it.” She paused for a moment. “I just want to be there when you give it to him.” 
“Sure.” I didn’t see why not. I was glad to find something that he would love. I’d get him two tickets so he and his dad could have a father/son day of it. I think he’d enjoy that.
* * *
Patrick and I went shopping for a present for his mom. We had already looked all over the mall and couldn’t find anything. This time, we were going to check out kitchen and food related stores since she loved cooking.
The best place we went to was The Gourmet Kitchen. They had all sorts of kitchen gadgets, electrics and specialty food. They even had cooking classes. This place was like a hardware store for cooks.
We each found something for his mom there. Separate gifts that went together. He signed her up for an Asian cooking class because she had kept talking about how she wanted to learn it. I didn’t really think of myself as Asian, even though I looked like it. I was brought up on Asian food and knew what sauces and seasonings she would need to replicate the recipes she’d learn. So, I made a gift basket with that stuff.
“Did you find out about going to Disneyland yet?” He asked as we headed back to my house. The entire crew was going to go next week. I had never been to Disneyland and he had told me that the next time they went, I was going with them. That was before I was really part of the crew.
“I didn’t ask yet. They just got home yesterday, so I didn’t want to bring it up. I’ll ask tonight.” I was really nervous to ask because we’d leave around 6:00 am and get back probably around 2:00am.
“You think they’d say ‘no’?” He sounded disappointed at the thought.
I shrugged my shoulders, “Who knows…” I mimicked my mom’s patronizing tone. “You never know what kind of trouble I can get myself in at Disneyland.”
“Come on. You can’t seriously think they’d think that.”
I stared at him. “These are my parents we’re talking about. What do you think?”
“Well, okay.” He conceded. “But, you’ll be with me and the crew. It’s not like you’re going alone. Not that I see you getting into ‘trouble’ at Disneyland even if you went by yourself.”
I thought about what they would say. “Would you mind being there when I asked? It might help my chances.”
“Yeah. Sure.” He grinned. “Whatever will help.”
Of course, this could all backfire on me. My mom could accuse me of putting her on the spot. Which I was doing. But at least she’d be more likely to let me go—after yelling at me for a while.
* * *
When I got home, I heard my mom in the kitchen. I looked at Patrick and dreaded going in there. I wasn’t worried about how she’d treat me like some five-year-old around him. She had done that before. It was embarrassing, mortifying, but he never treated me that way or made me feel bad about it. So, while I didn’t look forward to it, I knew he wouldn’t be surprised when it happened. Life was just so much more tolerable when I didn’t have to deal with my parents. I rarely left the room feeling remotely adequate. In fact, I usually left feeling like I was being punished and wanting to escape. I tried not to let it bother me—that’s just how my parents were.  It didn’t always work.
We entered the kitchen. My mom was at the kitchen table making egg rolls.  
“Hi, Mom.”
“Elizabeth.” She turned and saw Patrick with me. “Oh, hello, Patrick.” She got up and washed her hands.
He walked over and shook her hand. “Hi, Mrs. Mariposa. It’s nice to see you again.”
“You, too. Did you get all your shopping done?”
“Yes, thanks to Liz.”
“Well, that’s good.” She went back to the table and sat down. “Elizabeth, can you get me another tray for the egg rolls?”
I nodded and went to the cabinet which held the serving dishes and trays. I knew the tray she wanted. Of course, it had to be on one of the top shelves. I pulled out the step stool we kept in the kitchen.  I hate being vertically challenged. If only I was four inches taller…
Patrick came over and stopped me from setting up the stool. He chuckled. “Which one do you want?”
I pointed to one my mom wanted. He got it down and handed it to me. “Thanks.”  I put it on the table next to my mom. “Here you go.”
“Elizabeth tells me that you and your crew helped with the tree and decorations.” She looked directly at Patrick.
I could only wish that she wouldn’t tell her nit-picky problems with the décor. It was bad enough that she made me feel like I didn’t do things right, I didn’t want her to do that to Patrick or the crew. “Mom…”
She ignored me. What’s new? “That was nice of you to help and look out for her.” She seemed sincere about it. Wow.
“We had fun helping. Anytime, Mrs. Mariposa.” Patrick had such an easy-going demeanor about him. “Do you need some help?”
“Sure.” My mom handed him an egg roll wrapper and he sat down at the table. She showed him how to stuff and roll it. “I have to make six dozen Shanghai and vegetable egg rolls.”
The three of us sat at the kitchen table making egg rolls. In what weird universe did I step into? I never thought I’d sit at the table, making egg rolls, having a pleasant conversation with my mom and best friend. Okay, I wasn’t really in on it, but Patrick and my mom had a nice, polite and comfortable chat. They talked about his family’s Christmas plans and he extended an invitation from his parents for me and them to come by. Of course, my mom politely declined, but told him that maybe I would stop by. Then the topic of what else he’d be doing over break came up. I nervously took a deep breath. My mom didn’t notice, but Patrick did. 
“Actually, Mrs. Mariposa, we’re going to Disneyland next week.” He told her. “The crew and I always go over winter break.”
“Yeah? That’s nice that you and your friends spend time together like that.” She seemed to still be in a good mood. The conversation was still light. “You guys go often?”
“Couple times a year.” He looked at me and I knew it was time for me to speak up or he would. 
“I remember Disneyland.” My mom told him.
What? How has she gone there, but I haven’t? 
“When Mr. Mariposa and I came to the States, we flew into LAX. We had some family that lived in LA. We went to Disneyland. I remember having so much fun.”
Really? What the heck?
“I’m sure it’s a lot bigger now.” She looked wistful, thinking of her memories.
I cleared my throat. “So, Mom, can I go? To Disneyland?”
It was like a switch flipped. She was back to the hypercritical mom I knew. Her eyes squinted at me. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.” At least she tried to keep her voice even because Patrick was there. “That’s not a place I want you going to by yourself. Something could happen just on the drive there. You’d find trouble.”
“But…” I stammered. “I wouldn’t go alone. I’d be with the crew.” I couldn’t take her stare anymore. I looked down at the tray of egg rolls.
“Is that true?” She looked curiously at Patrick.
“Yes. She’s part of the crew. We were all hoping she’d be able to come.”
“And you’re going?” She asked him, even though she knew the answer. He had just told her, not even five minutes ago.
Why couldn’t the ground just open up and swallow me whole? Better yet, couldn’t I just be vaporized?
“Yes.” He politely reiterated. “I’m driving.”
I snuck a peek at my mom’s face. It had changed back to being pleasant, like it was when we were first working on the egg rolls.  “Oh, that’s fine then.” She turned back to face me. “Sure, Elizabeth, you can go. Since Patrick will be there.”
What? I got whiplash from the 180 degree turn my mom did. So, apparently, if Patrick was with me, everything was okay. She didn’t trust me, but she trusted him. It stung, but I was really glad that she did. Otherwise, life would really suck and I’d be truly alone. The truth was I trusted him more than I trusted myself most of the time.
We finished the rest of the egg rolls and packaged them up to store in the freezer. My mom invited him to come over Christmas Eve. I was shocked. She always said it was just family. He was probably the kid they always wanted. That’s fine. His parents were the parents I always wanted. But I wouldn’t wish my parents on anyone. Okay, except for those that I really hated, like Becca. I was expecting my mom to yell at me for putting her on the spot after Patrick left. She didn’t. Wow. It was a Christmas miracle.



