PANDORA'S MISTAKE BY E.B. BLACK
Copyright 2013-E.B. Black
Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1:

Pandora shivered as Epimetheus placed an uncooked pork chop on a plate in front of her. "Eat."
Pandora stared at the plate, wrinkling her nose as she poked the slimy meat. Blood oozed from it.
She shouldn't have been surprised. Pandora was afforded zero luxuries in this cave. The rocks poked into her back at night, even when she lay on a pile of furs. Of course the food wouldn't be cooked.
Epimetheus didn't hesitate to bite into his pork chop and force it down, followed by a large gulp of wine.
"I can't," she said. "Maybe if you'd let me light a fire-"
"No." His eyes grew hard.
"I'm your wife, but I'm still a human. I can't eat raw meat like a Titan."
"You talk too much. Eat."
She didn't breathe to avoid the smell as she raised the pork chop shakily to her mouth and chewed the raw flesh. A good woman obeyed her husband, or so Zeus had told her on Mount Olympus after they created her from clay.
He hadn't mentioned it in front of Hera. Hera had informed her that it was her job to use her curves to manipulate her husband. But Zeus' advice had been more practical. He said that men were more easily manipulated by a gentle woman than an aggressive one. So far, Epimetheus had been more willing to listen to her when she obeyed. And she didn't like it when he stared at her body.
The raw flesh didn't taste as bad as she thought it would. Her stomach growled for the rest after she swallowed. She gobbled it down.
Epimetheus poured her a flask of wine. "This will keep you warm and drown out the taste." He handed it to her.
She sniffed it and let the smell of grapes calm her. Each swallow spread warmth through her body. She poured herself another cup as she grew lightheaded and happy.
"You're drinking it too fast," Epimetheus said.
She didn't care. It reminded her of sipping ambrosia with the gods and the high it gave her.
Before long, though, her stomach turned. She barely managed to make it out of the cave before she vomited. Epimetheus rolled his eyes.
She washed her mouth in the bucket of water they had sitting in the corner. "I need to cook the meat or this will happen every time we eat." She tried to keep the anger out of her voice, but failed.
He grabbed her by the hair and she shrieked. She gripped his hand, wanting to pry off the pressure his tight fingers were leaving on her scalp.
"It's your fault for drinking too much." He yanked so hard that she landed on her butt. Pain radiated through her hips. "You're spoiled and refuse to enjoy what I provide! I hunt, while you sit around this cave doing nothing!"
She burst into tears. "I can't change the way my body behaves, even if it displeases you."
Why was he angry? She didn't complain about having to sleep in the cold every night. The furs he provided weren't enough to keep her warm without a fire, but she closed her eyes wordlessly.
Epimetheus frowned. "Your stomach will learn to tolerate it."
"Why put us both through this? Why can't we eat the normal way?"
Pandora was beginning to understand why the Titans had lost the war. Such barbaric men had no chance of prevailing against warriors as intelligent and sophisticated as the Olympians. Epimetheus' shaggy beard and thick chest hair made her think of a werewolf. The wild look in his eye and the clench of his muscles hinted at a lust for violence. Titans were the gods of the golden age, but the myths must have exaggerated their greatness.
On Mount Olympus, she'd slept on a bed with sheets as fluffy as clouds. A fireplace in her room kept her warm and cooked pastries filled her stomach. Zeus' face was handsome and his robes embroidered with clouds and lightning bolts. He crackled with controlled energy. He calculated his violent acts before performing them.
It was why Zeus had been able to ascend to the clouds and throw the Titans down to Hades. You can't win a war by killing gods, but you can win it by imprisoning them with trickery in Tartarus.
The few who had cooperated, like Epimetheus and his brother, were allowed to roam freely.
She wanted to go back and be Zeus' wife instead, but he was already married and Pandora wasn't a goddess. She had only been on Mount Olympus long enough for her to be taught the basics of what it meant to be human and for them to put the finishing touches on their creation. Besides, he'd told her he needed her for a sacred task on Earth.
She looked towards the spot where she'd hidden the jar she had been ordered to protect by Zeus. She was never to open it under any circumstances. She chewed her lower lip. Keeping secrets was difficult, but having a piece of Mount Olympus still with her was comforting.
Epimetheus' shoulders relaxed and he sighed. "I need to show you something. You'll never understand until you know the truth."
He wasn't much of a talker, so Pandora was relieved to have him explain something for once. They left the cave, which was something Epimetheus rarely did after dark.
Pandora wished they could bring a torch, but Epimetheus hated fire too much to allow it. Maybe he was afraid of it. The thought of a big, scary Titan cowering in terror from a tiny flame made her giggle under her breath. She coughed to cover it up.
Her eyes widened as she stared at the spooky forest they walked next to. She had seen the dark pelts of wolves and wild cats that Epimetheus brought home. Those creatures blended into the night. Their thick claws could rip her face open. They might be stalking her movements at that very moment.
Is this why Epimetheus told her it was too dangerous for her to leave the cave alone?
"Where are we going?" Pandora asked, tired of listening to their heavy breathing. They had passed many tents scattered along the way. Men, either eating dinner or snoring, laid around the campfires. Most of them stared at her and licked their lips when she passed.
Epimetheus didn't answer. This was typical. She might as well not exist.
She glared at a campfire nearby that Epimetheus would never allow her to warm herself beside.
"You could have warned me to bring some fur to keep me warm on the journey." Her voice dripped with acid.
"I can make you hot." A man's voice greeted her from next to the fire. He stood.
She turned as he approached and she froze in place. She had never talked to another human being before and found herself shaking.
His breath smelled of alcohol and his eyes were narrow and predatory. Instantly, she knew this was the real reason Epimetheus ordered her never to leave the cave. This man looked as if he wanted to eat her alive. His companions were staring at her from behind as if they would devour the leftovers.
She was the first human woman to ever exist. Aphrodite had warned her that men pounced and pawed at her whenever she showed herself on Earth. She generally had to kill a few to get them to leave her alone, but Pandora didn't have the powers Aphrodite did. She couldn't look at a man and devour his soul with her beauty. Instead, she had to be careful. She couldn't show that she was afraid, even though this man was a head taller than her.
The man reached towards her. She flinched as he stroked her hair.
Epimetheus turned and growled. He grabbed the guy by the shoulder and threw him into a tree standing twenty feet away. He passed out, blood dripping from his cracked skull. The other men surrounding the campfire turned back to their food, pretending they had seen nothing.
Epimetheus was stronger than he looked. That's because he and the rest of the Titans shrank themselves whenever they were on Earth. They did it to make the humans more comfortable. Epimetheus also said it was because it would be extremely painful for her the day he decided to consummate their marriage if he hadn't. Pandora didn't know what he was talking about, but it sounded violent.
Sometimes, when they traveled, they would come across Atlas, a Titan who hadn't shrank himself and lived in a garden guarded by a dragon. He was even taller than the Olympians. He was as huge as a mountain, which he needed to be in order to carry the sky on his shoulders to keep it from crashing to Earth. Pandora was glad that Epimetheus didn't speak to her at that height. It was intimidating.
Atlas was always nice to Pandora, but she didn't trust anyone who could crush her in the palm of their hand-even though he would have to drop the sky to harm her.
Up ahead, a cliff came into view. It jutted from the earth, pointing proudly towards the sky. Brushing the treetops above, it was an inferno. Fire, the shape of a hurricane, floated in a circle. Hell wasn't located beneath their feet; it dwelled in a hovering mass just below storm clouds. It lit up their surroundings.
A trail wove around the side of the cliff. They began to march up it. Did this trail lead to that rock ledge hanging below that inferno? She didn't want to go there, but had a feeling that Epimetheus wouldn't allow her to turn back.
As the fire drew nearer, Pandora heard an animal screaming in the distance. She shivered. It was shrieking as if it were being tortured. Would Epimetheus expose her to the same punishment for disobeying him? Were they lighting living things on fire?
As they neared the top, a shape came together in front of her. A man laid spread eagle and strapped in chains. His face was pleasing to her eyes, even scrunched up. His beard wasn't scraggly like Epimetheus' was and his muscles contorted with barely restrained power. She imagined what he would have looked like if he wasn't covered in blood. Her stomach somersaulted at the beautiful image.
Every time he screamed, the fireball above their heads grew for a moment and illuminated his shadow. A giant raven sat upon his chest, pecking away at bare intestines. She had seen birds, but never a black one that was almost as large as she was.
It glanced over at Pandora. Its unfeeling eyes glowed white as if it had captured a tiny bit of sun inside its pupils. Green liquid leaked out the side of the raven's mouth. It foamed at the mouth like it was rabid. Pandora bit her finger nails.
A river of blood pooled from Prometheus' stomach where his intestines had been ripped to shreds. The raven bent down to peck more inside his belly. He devoured little bits of pink innards. Prometheus was dying or being eaten alive at least.
Pandora tugged on Epimetheus' arm. "We should help him."
Tears formed in Epimetheus' eyes. "I've tried; we can't."
"Why not? He'll die if we don't do something."
Pandora could barely breathe. She felt helpless and afraid.
The man screamed and Epimetheus wrapped his arms around Pandora, pinning her to the ground. Fire exploded around them and Epimetheus' eyes rolled back in pain. The storm of fire above them had gotten so large that a piece of it had escaped and struck Epimetheus' body.
They both stood when it was over. Blisters covered Epimetheus' back where his clothes had burned away. She touched the damaged skin gently. He roared in response and she jumped back. The skin sewed itself together before her widened eyes.
She had seen Epimetheus attacked by a bear once. It had entered their cavern in the middle of the night. It had ripped his chest open, but he had regenerated in the same way.
"His name is Prometheus," Epimetheus said. "He's already died many times. Titans like us regenerate, but that doesn't stop us from feeling pain."
Their eyes met.
"Why is this man important to you?" Pandora asked.
"He's my brother," Epimetheus said. "Zeus chained him here to punish him."
Pandora crossed her arms. "And you want me to feel sorry for him? He must have done something terrible if Zeus thought he deserved this."
Epimetheus shook his head. "You have a lot to learn."
He grabbed her hand and she clutched it tightly. Although Prometheus was restrained, the fire bursting from him was not. Pandora was scared her skin would melt. The crackling of the fire above their heads was deafening and the heat made her eyes feel dry.
Epimetheus read her mind. "It's not as bad when he's further from death."
"I thought gods couldn't die," Pandora whispered.
"We can't. Our souls do not travel to the Underworld like they do with humans. But our bodies can become so damaged that we black out for hours and lose our heartbeats until we are able to regenerate again. It's a type of death, but not a permanent one."
They were near the edge of the cliff, next to Prometheus. It overlooked the places they had traveled since they left the cave. Bright specks from campfires decorated the path. They glowed against the darkness like grounded stars.
"Prometheus suffers because of all those people who live down there," Epimetheus said. "The reason they have warmth and food is why he's being tortured, but none of them care anymore."
Pandora's chest constricted painfully. This couldn't be true. Zeus had been such a kind god, explaining things to her slowly when she didn't understand them. He wasn't capable of this.
"Some of them cared at first," Epimetheus said. "But when they tried to loosen his bonds, the crow would devour them instead. Unlike Prometheus, they wouldn't be able to rise from the dead the next day. He begged them to stop, insisting that he could handle it, but I don't like the way they flaunt their fires in front of him. They should be ashamed of what they have, rather than callous.
"Every time someone lights a fire, Prometheus dies a little faster that day. It's why he usually dies at night-people light their campfires and the raven pecks harder. Prometheus gets upset from the pain and those bad feelings make the raven peck harder as well. He dies.
"If all of the humans were to put out their fires and vow to never use them again, Zeus might let him go, but they won't. Prometheus says it's because they die without fire, but I think it's because they're selfish.
"This is why, as my wife, you are never to light a fire. Fire is his curse, not our blessing."
Pandora nodded her head, chewing her lip.
The raggedy pile of a Titan lying in front of them moaned. He had also shrunk himself. It was strange that he should care about making humans more comfortable when he was being tortured like this.
He spoke and his voice was hoarse. "Epimetheus, is that you?"
Prometheus cried out and the fire above their heads grew larger. Epimetheus pushed Pandora close to the ground just in case.
The fire died down and Epimetheus knelt next to his brother. The bitterness melted from his face and gentleness took its place as if he were gazing at a beloved pet or baby. He stroked Prometheus' cheek and the fireballs burning above them calmed. "Shh! Don't speak! You need to save your strength!"
"Please don't be angry." Prometheus' eyes glowed with love in the light. "To see humanity, my creation, at peace, makes this suffering worth it. I'm glad Zeus chained me here. It allows me to witness all the good I've done."
"Don't speak that way," Epimetheus said. "Nothing is worth seeing you like this."
"Humanity is worth it," Prometheus said. "The way their skin glows in the sun is the envy of the gods. They're beautiful."
Pandora looked down at her arms; the silver flecks in her skin shone in the firelight. Most of the time they weren't visible, except when the sun was bright or she was near a campfire. She had heard once that humans had specks of gold in their skin, during a time when they could tell the future and walked among gods. Pandora wished she was from that time, rather than from the age of silver, where the wealth and gifts of Mount Olympus dwelled just beyond her reach. But humans had sunk to a new low ever since Zeus took over, which was why their skin had silver in it now. If only she knew the future, maybe she'd be able to understand her world a little better.
"Humans give the gods something to live for and take care of," Prometheus continued. "They create and love like we do. They are not evil. It's Zeus that is. Never trust anything Zeus gives you. It will lead to your downfall."
Pandora's forehead wrinkled in confusion. She had been a gift from Zeus to Epimetheus. Was he insinuating that she was untrustworthy? How dare he! He didn't even know her!
Prometheus was sweating. His breathing grew heavier and he went into a seizure.
"It's time! He's dying again," Epimetheus shouted.
Prometheus passed out and the inferno above their heads swirled like a tornado. Pandora shielded her face as ashes rained on her. She could feel her arm hair singeing.
"It's getting dangerous-we need to go." Epimetheus' expression hardened as he wrapped his arms around Pandora. She clutched his chest and let him lead the way.
Chapter 2:

Prometheus awoke the next day to something wet and cool pressed against his feverish forehead. He blinked at the sun, his eyes straining to see. It had been so long since he had experienced this relieving sensation that he was afraid it was a hallucination. Someone opened his mouth and poured a few sips of water into it. It barely quenched the dryness of his tongue, but it tasted like sweet nectar. As a normal man, he would have died several times from the thirst alone.
"Who's there?" he whispered hoarsely. The pain on his side was only minimal. He must have died last night. The crow was always gentler when he first started pecking his abdomen than he was once he broke through the skin.
"My name is Pandora," a feminine voice sang.
For a long time, he hadn't felt any form of pleasure, but at the sound, a feeling as cool as the water hitting his stomach spread through his body.
His vision cleared and he saw a female form crouching before him. Her brown hair brushed his face as she leaned over him to press the wet wash-rag against his forehead. She licked her luscious lips as she stared at him with eyes as blue as the sky. Her body was tanned and curvy. She moved with the grace of a dove. She was more beautiful than anything he'd ever seen.
He was probably hallucinating, but he might as well go along with it.
"What manner of goddess are you?" he asked. "Has Zeus been overthrown? Are you here to free me?"
But even as he spoke, he knew she wasn't a goddess. She was too gorgeous to be one. She was his dream-a human female. Back when he was free and thought he had all the time left in the world, he had been about to create one, but Hecate had distracted him.
Pandora giggled. "My name is Pandora. I'm a human."
He sighed. He was so sick from dying repeatedly that he was growing delusional, but it was a wonderful fantasy. Not creating a woman had been his one regret. If only he hadn't been foolish enough to fall for Hecate's seduction...
He remembered the way Hecate stroked his neck lightly. A snake coiled itself around her arm and slithered towards her neck. Her eyes were heavy-lidded and lustful. Her dark hair fell like wavy drapes over her shoulders. She watched him, but he didn't look at her.
The spirit dogs that followed her everywhere, creatures that looked as if they emerged from the fog, growled as they sensed her agitation. They had little patience for Prometheus. They were jealous and protective of their mistress.
Prometheus had just formed a ball out of clay. He would shape it until it resembled the head of the first human woman.
He had retrieved it from a lake and was sitting in a field of roses, preparing it.
None of the other Titans understood his obsession with Earth and why he'd rather spend time with the animals than the other Titans. Hecate followed him wherever he went, but didn't get it either. If it wasn't for her nagging, he'd never show up at any of the Titans' parties.
"Leave me alone, Hecate," Prometheus said. "I'm busy." He wasn't in the mood for a lecture.
She nibbled on his ear instead, her warm tongue flicking his lobe.
He groaned. "I'm serious, Hecate."
"Is it because we've been dating a hundred years now?" Hecate asked. "I've been told that the second hundred years is not nearly as romantic as the first."
Hecate had a strange voice that he found seductive. Deeper than most females, it sounded like three women talking at once.
Prometheus rolled his eyes. "What are you talking about?"
Hecate crossed her arms and paced. The snake draped itself over her shoulders. "You've been ignoring me ever since you decided that you wanted to create humans."
Prometheus laughed. "I have not." But he was lying.
He couldn't help himself. Humans were so beautiful, with the gold flecks in their skin, their thick shiny hair, and muscular bodies. They were his works of art.
He had never understood what Gaia was talking about when she told him that the greatest feeling in the world was to give birth. He wasn't a woman, but in his own way, he had given birth to all life on Earth. He had created the animals and the humans. He got absorbed in observing their interactions. The way they spoke and moved fascinated him. It was because they were his. Just as a mother looks at her baby for the first time and adores it because it came from her body-he adored humans every time he saw them.
"I'll spend more time with you as soon as I finish doing this," Prometheus said. "I've created female mates for all the animals, but I have yet to create one for the humans."
She wrapped her arms around him and forced him to look into her eyes. "Aren't I enough for you? Can't you spend a little time with me and ignore this for a while?"
"You know I care for you," he whispered. "What I am doing right now has nothing to do with our relationship."
He dropped the clay on the ground as their lips met. Their tongues fought for control of their passions as they entered each other's mouths. That old familiar desire to explore Hecate's body crawled down Prometheus' chest and to his loins. He moaned into her mouth, until he opened his eyes for a moment.
He looked at the ground. The clay was covered in dirt and it had rolled over several flowers. It was misshapen.
He pushed Hecate away, forgotten. He lifted the piece of clay in his hands and tried to dust it off. It was ruined.
Hecate frowned and grabbed the snake around her neck angrily. Before it had the chance to bite her, it transformed into a golden key. Her face warped and began to change with it.
The dogs' muscles were strained, their bodies ready to spring with a simple command.
Hecate's lips grew fuller. Her eyes became larger. Her body was curvier.
"Perhaps this form of mine will tempt you more," Hecate whispered. Her voices were husky.
Hecate knew he was unable to resist this body the most out of the three she possessed. She could shapeshift between them. He stared at the head of the human woman for a moment before placing it gently on the ground. He could come back for it later.
He wrapped his arms around her waist and pecked her on the lips.
"What do you need those humans for anyway?" she asked. "You have three women right here, living inside me, who all wish to sleep with you. I'm like a living, breathing orgy."
That was one of the things that originally attracted him to her.
Their lips met and caressed each other once again, sending heat traveling down their bodies. He squeezed her breasts and her hips. She felt so soft in his arms and she didn't mind getting messy. His hands were covered in clay still and they would have to take a shower later to clean up. He groaned at the thought of her nude figure.
He pulled away, his eyes glowing. "Why are you always trying to get in the way of me working on these humans? Are you jealous?"
She looked away and blushed. Prometheus frowned. Apparently he had hit a nerve.
"I get afraid sometimes that you're so obsessed with humans that you'll forget all about me once you make a human female. Maybe you'll fall in love with her instead."
"That will never happen," Prometheus whispered.
She sighed and frowned. "Is that why you pulled away from me while we were kissing in order to fix your human's face? Humans are obviously more important to you than I am."
"That's not true! I'm sorry I did that. I'm just eager to finish this project. Let me prove that I want you most."
He crushed her chest against his, so their bodies met at every angle. Their mouths devoured each other's as Prometheus pressed the evidence of his lust against her. He stripped her.
He wanted to reassure her that the only woman he desired was her.

---

He gazed into Pandora's eyes. She was everything he had ever wanted and more. Hecate had been right. He would never have looked at her again if she had allowed him to create female humans.
"Where did you come from?" he asked.
She blushed shyly and looked away from his intense gaze. "Zeus created me and gave me as a gift to Epimetheus."
Zeus? He recoiled as if the fireballs that swirled above him had lit his skin. How many times did he have to tell Epimetheus to think things through before he'd stop getting the two of them into trouble? Every deal or discussion they shared with Zeus had ended poorly for them. Zeus wasn't generous. His gifts were vicious lions disguised with ribbons to make you think they were pretty until they ripped open your face.
How cruel Zeus was to create the one thing Prometheus had always wanted and give it to his brother.
"Get away from me!" he shouted.
The fire above him crackled and Pandora was forced to cower as ash rained upon her. Even though Prometheus was terrified of this creature, she looked so sweet and innocent. He didn't wish to harm her.
For the first time, he noticed a pig speared through with a stick. It hung low in one of the trees on a platform in a higher part of the cliff. It was near enough to the fire to cook. She was a clever girl, getting her cooking done while she attended to him. He narrowed his eyes. Her appearance of being foolish and gentle must be a trick.
Prometheus knew Epimetheus had banned cooking for his family. She had to be doing this behind his back.
"Where'd you get that meat?" Prometheus growled.
"I found it on the way here." Her voice was too high-pitched to be real. "After Epimetheus dropped me off, I found a pig trapped in some bushes. All its legs were broken, so I was actually doing it a favor when I cracked its head with a rock. It must have been a gift from Zeus to me, and I didn't want it to go to waste."
Prometheus had been right. This woman looked innocent, but she was violent. She had murdered an animal in cold blood!
Pandora's head tilted sideways as she tried to figure him out. "What's wrong? Do you need another sip of water?"
"Do not touch me! I'm immune to your trickery!"
"Trickery? I just want to help you." Pandora reached for the rag she had been using and pressed it against his forehead once more. He would have knocked it out of her hands if he wasn't tied down.
"You are some sort of witch!" Prometheus shouted. "Otherwise, how did you bring water up this mountain? Not only is water heavy, but a bucket full of it would evaporate as soon as you got here because of the heat."
Pandora giggled. "I'm no witch. Epimetheus helped me by carrying as much water as he could, so that some of it would still be leftover once it started evaporating. He wanted me to attend to you, while he was out hunting. I am his wife. He says it's my job as much as his to care for you."
"Do not use my brother to lie to me, witch! He'd never agree to marry a woman that Zeus gave him. He's not that foolish!"
Prometheus was bluffing. He'd seen his brother do more foolish things than this on many occasions. After all, he would have never been in this mess in the first place if Epimetheus had thought ahead.
When Prometheus created the animals and humans, he had given Epimetheus the task of creating the blueprints for them. Epimetheus would decide who got claws and sharp teeth. He gave wings to birds and decorated other animals with fins. But Prometheus was the artist that brought Epimetheus' creations to life.
Prometheus saved the best for last-the humans.
"How should I decorate them? Will they have wings and claws? Or maybe gills and a tail?"
Epimetheus' face fell and he kicked the dirt with his foot.
"What is it?"
"I forgot to save a special gift for the humans. I don't know what we should do with them. Chronus only gave us so many claws and teeth to share with all of them."
Prometheus rubbed his forehead as he got a headache. "You saved nothing at all?"
Epimetheus shook his head. "Hey, you gave me a hard task to do and I did a good job up until this point."
Prometheus ignored his rebuttal as he tried to think of a solution. Maybe if he went home and sat in front of his fire, he would be able to think of something good.
That's it-he would give them the gift of fire...
Giving them that gift had been fine with Cronus, but when Zeus took over the throne, he had taken it back. Humans were too powerful and would one day rise to the status of gods if they were allowed to have fire, or so Zeus claimed.
Prometheus could not sit around and watch his creation get destroyed...
Prometheus shook his head and forced himself to concentrate on the present. Epimetheus was being foolish again by letting his lust dictate his decisions. Prometheus would have to fix it alone.
Pandora wiped the wet rag across his upper lip and he moaned at the sensation, resenting the witch for making him feel so good.
"Get away from me," Prometheus warned. "Or I will be forced to use my powers."
"I know you're afraid because of what Zeus did to you. Epimetheus explained everything to me, but I promise my intentions are pure."
Prometheus' eyes narrowed. He doubted that.
He forced all the power bursting subconsciously from him to become more focused. He stared at Pandora's arm and saw the delicate flesh puff with blisters. He was sending heat and fever through her body to cause her skin to boil. She screamed and ran, clutching her arm.
Prometheus felt horrified as he watched her back disappear from view. What had he done? He had taken the beautiful creation of a human woman and harmed her! How could he?
Bad enough that Zeus tortured his body day by day, but now he must have sent this witch to mess with his mind as well.
Still, an emptiness filled him. He missed her company. It had been a long time since humans had visited and of the ones who had come to see him, none had faces as pleasing to gaze at as hers.
Maybe he shouldn't have chased her off. Even with Epimetheus' help, she risked her life by approaching him. The crow was easily agitated by anyone trying to assist him.
Zeus was good, a little too good.
Chapter 3:

Tears fell down Pandora's cheeks as she raced down the mountain. Fire pulsated in her veins as blisters formed down her arms resembling Epimetheus' back where he had been burned. Unlike him, she couldn't heal from her wounds immediately.
She screamed while she ran. The burning blinded her to everything but the pain. Her legs stumbled as she lost herself in the woods.
She found Epimetheus standing next to a small stream. She plunged into the water sideways, not caring about the mud. The right half of her body was soon soaked and dirty. She crawled out slowly, her arm still aching.
He ran for the shore and knelt beside her. The burning was less persistent, but she knew it would probably still sting for days.
She looked into Epimetheus' eyes, expecting sympathy. His brow was furrowed and his lips pursed. "What have you done to my brother?"
She should have expected this. Still, she was shocked when she received a slap to the face. Her cheek stung and her teeth snapped together. "Answer me! Damn it!" he shouted.
Wasn't being almost burned to death enough of a punishment for her transgressions? She shook with rage, but remembered what Zeus had taught her. She breathed slowly, trying to control herself and be a good wife.
"I did everything you ordered me to do. Why do you hit me if I've done no wrong?"
Epimetheus' fists tightened. "My brother loves all humans. He'd never hurt one on purpose, unless they attacked him first."
"You forget that I was created by Zeus. I don't count as a human in his eyes."
Epimetheus' rigid posture finally relaxed. Her words had sparked some kind of understanding in his eyes. "You're right. I'll talk to Prometheus and take care of everything."
Pandora didn't fail to notice that he hadn't apologized to her, even though he believed she was telling the truth now. She didn't dare admit that she never wanted to be near his brother again. She knew he would make her attend to Prometheus later and hit her again if she argued.
She was on a roll making him angry, so she might as well finish the job. "I also have a pig cooking in one of the trees that you'll have to carry down." Tender, roasted pork was worth a slap.
He grabbed her by both shoulders and shook. "You have what?" He was so angry, he was spitting in her face as he spoke. "I told you that you weren't allowed to light a fire."
Pandora's voice was unusually calm and devoid of emotion. He could do anything to hurt her, but she didn't care anymore. She felt numb. "I didn't light one. It's hot enough up there to cook a dead pig without me needing another fire."
His face hardened. "He's being tormented by that fire and you used it for pleasure?"
Pandora shrugged. "We might as well get something good from it."
He shoved her to the ground and spat next to her. "I'm almost ashamed to call you my wife. No wonder he was angry with you.
"I'm going to go talk to him. You clean yourself. You look disgusting."
Pandora didn't doubt it. Her blisters were oozing blood now. Her hair was caked and smelly. She nodded her head, almost wishing that the damage to her skin had been worse. Maybe if she were scarred, he would find her ugly and let her go free.
For once, she was angry with Zeus for giving her pretty features. He said that they'd be a gift any husband would love her for. Epimetheus didn't deserve that gift. He was too cold to appreciate it.
She'd convince him to let her bring meat up the mountain next time and if she didn't succeed, maybe he'd hit her so hard that he'd stop loving her.

---

"Why did you hurt my wife?" Epimetheus roared. A moment later, Prometheus saw his brother's rigid form standing over him.
Prometheus sighed. He wasn't in the mood to argue, especially considering the raven's beak had started to bruise him. The pain had gone from irritating to unsettling. He knew any moment now, the skin would break again and he'd convulse.
"I don't know." Bitter laughter escaped Prometheus. "Maybe it's related to the reason you chose to take a woman that Zeus provided for you as a wife. Do you ever think anything through?"
"I didn't think you'd have an objection to it," Epimetheus explained. "You love humans-I thought you'd like her, too."
The raven pecked harder, sensing Prometheus' agitation. "I love the humans that I created. That abomination was made by Zeus. I have no affection for her."
The lie burned his throat. She was perfect-so beautiful that Prometheus wasn't entirely convinced he could have done a better job himself. It was why he wanted her to stay away from him. Given enough time, she could persuade him to do anything. That kind of seductive power was dangerous.
"She's my wife," Epimetheus shouted. "You need to be nice to her. I'm loyal to you and your decisions, even when they get you strapped down and punished on a mountain, but I expect the same in return."
Prometheus' body shook with rage and a large fireball burst above him. "You're a hypocrite. I know you and women. You beat her, don't you? I'm sure she hides the bruises from me because she's ashamed. But you expect me to be nice to her?
"You realize that her body isn't as strong as the goddesses you've been with. Humans are fragile and mortal. If you snap her spine, she'll be dead permanently."
If Prometheus hadn't been strapped down, he would have searched for Pandora and found the bruises under her clothes. He would beat Epimetheus for mistreating such a gift, until he was incapable of ever doing it again. What was happening to him? He had never wished violence on his brother in the past!
Prometheus groaned softly. He knew he would also find the burn on her skin that he had caused. He already regretted it.
He shouldn't have panicked. It was the kind of thing Zeus would want. He wished for Prometheus to turn against his own creation. He had given up everything for them and the worst thing that would happen would be to regret it.
Pandora was dangerous enough to destroy him. She was even beginning to tear his relationship with his brother apart.
Epimetheus' mouth stretched into a tight line. "I can't have you mistreating her because of your conspiracy theories about Zeus."
Prometheus chuckled. "Oh, yes, I'm so paranoid, thinking Zeus wants to hurt us. After all, it's not like I'm pecked to death daily through my liver by a raven sent from him."
"That's not my point," Epimetheus said. "I think Zeus has gotten his fill of revenge for now. He gave me Pandora as a peace offering."
Prometheus raised one of his eyebrows. "Is that what he told you? You really are a fool. I guarantee that she can do something that will hurt you and humanity worse than anything that's happened to us thus far. With me tied up and dying each day, Zeus knows I can't rescue you from it."
"Or maybe you should try giving Pandora a chance. Don't judge her until you've gotten to know her."
"I have no doubts that she's a beautiful person. Zeus would make sure to wrap whatever evil he has in pretty packaging. He'll spring it on us once we trust her." Prometheus sighed. "But I'll try to be nice to her for your sake. I can't betray you, brother. You have been loyal to me."
But please keep her away from me, he wanted to say. If you let me borrow your wife too much, I'll probably steal her for myself.
Epimetheus poured some water he held in a bucket into Prometheus' mouth for him to have a swallow. "I ask nothing else of you. Thank you. Pandora will return tomorrow to tend to your wounds again."
Prometheus was trapped and he had no idea whether he was excited or terrified of it.
Chapter 4:

Pandora poured water onto her naked body. The stream that dripped from her muddied the ground near the entrance of the cave. Goosebumps spread across her bare skin. A selfish part of her wished to light a fire, so she could wash and warm up at the same time, but the coolness was good for the burns on her arm.
She had waited to bathe until Epimetheus left. She didn't like the way he stared and moaned when she scrubbed herself naked. She was relieved to have the option of bathing alone for once.
As she washed her stomach, a soft noise reached her ears. It sounded as if someone were singing. If someone were singing, she couldn't possibly be in the cave alone. Someone watching her, possibly rubbing themselves like Epimetheus did when he watched her.
The hairs on the back of Pandora's neck stood as she tilted her head and strained her ears to listen to the noise more closely. She couldn't make out the words.
She dropped the bucket she was using to pour water on herself. Droplets splashed on the ground.
She whirled around. "Who's there?"
The noise stopped and she saw no movements. Had she hallucinated? After several minutes of silence, she decided to continue washing.
But it wasn't long before the soft singing greeted her ears once again. She spun, unashamed of her nakedness, more concerned about the safety of her life. She stomped farther inside and grabbed an axe Epimetheus had left behind. Her hands shook as she carried it only a foot above the ground. It was too heavy to lift over her shoulders, but the sharp blade made her feel more in control of the situation anyway.
Zeus had told her stories of demons that liked to hide in dark corners and whisper evil words to the innocent to steal their purity. Epimetheus had talked to her about men, how he had once been forced to string up a guy who trespassed into the cave and tried to steal all his possessions. He had gouged out the man's eyes, cut off his penis, and ripped off his thumbs and big toes. The man was forced to crawl back to where he came from, crippled and blind. No one had bothered him since.
The trespasser must know that Epimetheus wass out hunting and assumed she was his possession to be stolen. She narrowed her eyes. She was not some kind of prey. She would show whatever it was her strength.
"Come out and face me," Pandora called. "Only cowards hide in the shadows."
As she walked towards the back of the cave, the sound grew louder. It wasn't singing; it was people whispering, but their voices were melodious.
She kicked off the furs she had hidden her jar inside of. Maybe this was one of the creatures Zeus taught her about. He said her jar was precious and that people or creatures would try to steal it. They wanted to smash it to get into what was inside. Although she didn't know what it contained, Zeus said it was precious to him. She sighed in relief after she saw that it was unmoved and intact.
Her foot brushed the side of the jar as she guarded it.
"Pandora!" a deep voice shouted into her ear.
She jumped backwards and almost knocked the jar over. She swung her axe wildly in a circle in an attempt to kill whoever had approached her. It hit nothing and she almost dropped it in her hysteria.
She had heard a voice. It had been right next to her. Zeus had never said her attackers would be invisible. She should be able to see him.
She dropped to her knees and the axe fell from her grasp. She hugged the jar to her chest. The second she touched it, she felt a shock travel from her fingers straight to her heart. It was electric and it stung a little. She shuddered and heard the same voice shout into her ear again. "Pandora!"
She jumped as she realized that the noises were coming from the jar. The melodious whispering had grown louder-they were chanting her name.
"Who are you?" she screamed at it, but the voices grew more desperate.
She covered her ears. "Leave me alone! I know what this is!" Zeus had warned her that the temptation to open the jar would be great. It was why everyone wanted it.
She covered the jar in furs. "But I won't give in to your evil." The voices were more muffled than before. In fact, if she sang to herself loudly, she couldn't hear them at all.
"I will follow Zeus and everything he says! After all, it was the mistake of trusting Epimetheus' word over Zeus' that got me burned. I should have known that Zeus only punishes evil creatures like Prometheus." She went back to the front of the cave and continued scrubbing herself. By the time she finished, the voices were gone.
Pandora waited for Epimetheus to return home later. When he did, they ate the roasted pig leg they had cooked earlier that day on the mountain. The flesh made drool fall out of Pandora's mouth as she ate it. Epimetheus devoured it as if he hadn't eaten in a lifetime.
Instead of hitting Pandora for her messiness, Epimetheus pressed his lips against her body for the first time. He kissed the burns that distorted the silvery flecks in her arm and the feeling was pleasant.
If he acted like this more often and stopped having violent mood swings, then maybe she wouldn't mind being his wife after all.
Chapter 5:

Prometheus woke and wrinkled his nose. The smells of blood, bird droppings, and burning air mixed in his nostrils. This happened every morning after he died. On good days, he didn't die until dark, his stomach chewed through. He would open his eyes the next morning only to be forced to inhale the crusty leftovers. On bad days, he would experience this multiple times in one day.
This time it was a bit different. He could also smell something lovely-like a woman. As he breathed the scent, a shiver traveled through his body.
Pandora's beautiful face and sparkling, silver skin filled his vision. She pressed a damp cloth against his forehead.
She knelt next to him. He desperately wished he could sit down beside her. It made him feel vulnerable to always lay spread eagle and chained to the ground. But he supposed that was the point. Zeus loved to humiliate him.
Yet again, she had a chunk of meat cooking on a tree branch. He wondered whether he could make the fire above him large enough to cook the meat faster without burning anything else in the process.
As soon as she noticed he was awake, she shrieked a little and dropped the cloth. She stood and raced backwards.
It wasn't far enough away for her to be safe if Prometheus had wanted to harm her.
He closed his eyes, wishing she didn't have that kind of reaction to him, but he couldn't blame her.
"Come back." Prometheus' throat was dry. His hoarse voice made him sound more desperate than he wanted it to. "I won't hurt you. I made a promise to my brother."
He was not going to admit that he probably wouldn't have harmed her anyway. He wanted to study her more than anything.
Although every glance he got of her made him bitter. She was perfect. Her beauty was like Zeus spitting in Prometheus' face. Prometheus' life work had been creating humans and Zeus had created one more beautiful than all the rest combined in a very short period of time.
She walked closer to him slowly, but still looked as if she was ready to bolt at any moment.
Prometheus sighed, his heart filled with guilt. "I'm sorry-I shouldn't have hurt you. I'm not only a man, but also a Titan and my strength should not be used to hurt women. I don't like to bully females like my brother does, not even goddesses who could handle it."
Her body was still tense, but she took several steps closer. "You mean men aren't supposed to beat women? I thought it was because I wasn't showing him that I was obeying him well enough." She knelt beside him.
He shook his head sadly. "I've never approved of the way my brother treats women. He doesn't know any better, though. Back when he was a boy, one of the other goddesses used to beat him. Even though he's much stronger, he believes that women will hit him if he doesn't try to control them by hurting them first. I can see in his eyes that he sometimes regrets it, though."
Her eyes were still wide and her arms shook as she leaned down. "So if you don't want to hurt me, does that mean you trust me now?"
"Hah!" He laughed bitterly. "I will never trust anything that comes from Zeus."
Pandora flinched.
The guilt struck Prometheus again and he quickly added,"But I won't hurt you out of love for my brother."
"Well, isn't that comforting?!" There was sarcasm in her voice.
Prometheus' eyes flashed. "You don't have to be here. You can leave if you don't believe me. I don't need your help. I've been like this for years and survived just fine."
She poured another sip of water down his throat and he moaned. She smiled smugly. "It sounds like you do need me."
Prometheus glared at her. I need to study you more than I need that water, he thought, but I'll never admit that to you!
Pandora continued, "Zeus warned me that men were incapable of handling things without the nurturing hand of a woman. He created me to show them their weakness."
Prometheus' eyes narrowed. It sounded like something Zeus would do-use a creation to punish other people. She gave him another sip of water, but this time he spat it on the ground. He didn't care if he was lying down and thirsty; he wouldn't allow her to force him to swallow that liquid. "I've had my fill of messages from Zeus."
Pandora jumped up and furiously shook her foot where the water had landed. "You're disgusting!"
Whoops! There went his promise, but he hadn't done it on purpose this time. He just wanted to make a point, which was that she wasn't going to get away with manipulating him.
"You know, I don't have to take care of you," Pandora said. "I do it as a favor to Epimetheus. What do I get in return? Your spite. You burned my arm and spat on me. You won't even turn down the fire over our heads so that I'll stop sweating."
That's why her skin was glistening so brightly. Prometheus knew it couldn't have just been the silver in it. Zeus didn't know how to make a woman that beautiful.
He glanced at her profile again and his heart leaped in his throat. Or could he?
His brow furrowed as he concentrated on holding in some of his pain. The fire above them died down. "Do you have any other problems with me?"
Pandora crossed her arms. "Yes. I don't believe that you're actually trapped here. With your powers over fire, you should have been able to escape long ago. You stay here as a way to gain humanity's sympathy."
Prometheus laughed. "Oh! How could I miss it? Obviously, I'm capable of just walking away and am purposefully not doing so for attention. Thank you for enlightening me."
Pandora stuck her nose in the air. "You're welcome."
He glared at her, incensed by her stubbornness. "Don't you think I've tried? Not only are these chains indestructible." He yanked on them so hard that he was forced to cry out as they cut into his wrists. The fire above them burst into such large flames that Pandora was forced to cower to prevent the ashes from lighting her hair on fire. "But I don't have the strength to break free even if I wanted to because I die every day."
He lit the chains on fire to try to melt the metal. It turned red, but the metal didn't melt off. In fact, it cinched against his wrists even more tightly.
"Burning off the metal doesn't seem to work either." she murmured. "What about the raven? Can't you kill it?"
Prometheus sighed. "I've tried that, too. It's immortal." Prometheus stared at the raven intently, imagining its brain. "I can melt all or part of someone's brain using fire. I can make humans and creatures forget whatever I want." Blood dripped out of the raven's ears as its brain was destroyed. Prometheus stared into its glowing eyes and tried not to shiver. "But regardless of how many times I melt its brain or try to make it forget about pecking me, it still continues on, unaffected. I don't think it's even alive-it must be undead."
"Hmm," Pandora said. "What about what you did to me?"
"I can make creatures have a fever." Prometheus imagined the raven's temperature rising. "Until they are sick and collapse. I can blister skin from the heat." The raven pecked harder as a response, breaking through his skin before it should have. Prometheus cried out painfully. This would be one of the days he died more than once. "But the sicker I make it, the harder it pecks me because it knows its strength is waning."
Prometheus was gasping. He wanted to stop, but he needed to show Pandora the truth. "And when I light it on fire." The raven burst into flames like a torch resting on his stomach. "It still keeps moving." He made the flames so hot that the skin on its body melted and soon all that was left was bone on fire, but it continued to peck away violently at his skin. It drooled more green slime than usual.
"I've tried to make it love me," Prometheus said. "I can make anything burn with passion for me. But it pecks me faster and I die sooner because it is overcome with bloodlust for me." At this point the raven was enamored with him. He pecked into him repeatedly and quickly. He was definitely going to lose his liver twice that day.
"Why do you die like this?" she murmured. "When Epimetheus was burned by your fire, he healed almost instantly. Why isn't it the same way for you?"
"It would be." He frowned. "But do you see that green slime dripping from his mouth? It is a tonic that prevents immortal creatures from regenerating as quickly. Each time he pecks me, he applies another drop of it to my skin. This wouldn't be half as painful without it."
Pandora shook her head sadly.
"During moments of desperation," Prometheus whispered, "I've made the fire above our heads so big that it enveloped my body. It didn't even harm me. The one good thing I got from stealing fire from Zeus was an immunity to it hurting me. I can light my entire self on fire and feel nothing, but it also means that I can't kill myself quickly when I can barely take the pain. I have to die one peck at a time, every time."
He looked at Pandora. He knew it wouldn't be long until the pain was too unbearable for him to hold conversations anymore. The fire that had been small above them before was burning so bright that sweat trickled down Pandora's forehead and made her hair stick. She still looked beautiful.
Pity was written across Pandora's face and he hated it. Prometheus had chosen to give humans the power to create fires. He thought everything through, unlike his brother, and knew he'd be punished by Zeus for what he did. She shouldn't feel sorry for him. He had known what the consequences might be, but felt it was worth it.
A part of him couldn't forgive himself, though, because it was his fault Zeus had gained control in the first place.
His thoughts drifted back to a time when Hecate had tried to introduce him to one of the humans. He had been busy at work, modeling a woman, which had proved to be a more delicate and difficult procedure than making a man. He had already destroyed three models without ever breathing life into them.
"This is Ronius," Hecate said, stroking the arm of the human man. Her dogs were nowhere in sight, which was unusual. She stroked this human as if he were one of her pets instead.
"I already know who he is." Prometheus laughed. "I created him, remember?"
Hecate's finger ran up the man's chest. Her voices grew hoarse as she transformed into that luscious form of hers that carried the key. "But you don't understand. This man is very special to me." She sucked on her lower lip as she moaned the words "very special."
The man was kissing up Hecate's arm. His body trembled and his lips were fervent. He didn't dare look into her eyes, but his erection made his worshipful thoughts of her beauty apparent.
"I'm glad," Prometheus said. "You've spent too much time hating my creation."
"But not today..." Hecate sighed. "We've spent hours enjoying each other's company. You'd be surprised at the stamina of these mortals. They can go all night if they're needed."
Hecate grabbed the hand of the man and placed it on her right breast. He doubled over and almost finished right there. He looked as though he had ascended through the gates of Mount Olympus and mounted the throne as he humped her leg.
"Poor things, most of them have yet to meet a real woman."
"Well, it's good you're here to oblige them then."
Hecate stamped her foot. Her face twisted in a grimace. She shoved Ronius off her, but he was so enraptured by her, he didn't seem to mind.
"Really?" her voices shouted. "You don't even feel a tiny bit jealous? I could take off my clothes and fuck him right here and you probably wouldn't flinch."
He dropped what he was doing, knowing that he'd probably ruined all his hard work in the process.
He ran a hand through his hair. "I just want you to be happy and if sleeping with humans is what makes you feel good, then I'm all for it."
Her mouth dropped open as she paced, kicking Ronius away with each step. "It's like you don't even care about me. You never get jealous, even when other gods try to seduce me. All you talk about is humans and what miraculous thing you need to do for them next."
Prometheus lifted his hands in surrender. "You don't understand, this is a stressful job-"
"But I am your girlfriend!" Hecate shouted. "And you can't spend all your time neglecting me for your work."
Prometheus had never actually called her his girlfriend before and although he enjoyed spending time with her, he found the label she had placed on them suffocating.
Prometheus sighed. "I've been stressed out lately. You have no idea what is going on. I've had a lot to deal with."
Hecate turned to Ronius. "Leave us." She glared at him as she spoke. He obeyed her reluctantly.
She grabbed Prometheus by the hand and stared into his eyes. "Tell me. This is what girlfriends are for-you to confide in."
Prometheus searched her eyes. "This is dangerous information and you can't tell it to anyone."
Hecate squeezed his fingers. "You can trust me."
"You know how Cronus has been acting strange lately? Rhea keeps giving birth and the babies miraculously disappear."
Hecate nodded her head. "But it's really none of our business. As long as Cronus lets us live our life, I don't care what he's been doing with his."
Prometheus ran his hand through his hair. "He's been eating his children."
Hecate's mouth dropped open. "What?"
"I thought Cronus' temper was a bit out of control, but I had no idea it was this bad. He received a prophecy from the Fates that because he killed his father, so would he be killed by one of his children. So he's imprisoned them inside his belly."
"He's our king though," Hecate said. "And we can't do anything about it."
"That's where you're wrong. Gaia worked with Rhea to kidnap one of his sons. They tricked him into eating a rock by telling him it was the baby. The child's name is Zeus. They will raise him into adulthood and then cut open Cronus' stomach, which will incite a war."
Hecate was pacing. "We must tell Cronus about this immediately."
"We can't because I've already agreed to help Gaia."
Hecate's hands went to her hips. "Why would you do such a thing? I always thought you were intelligent."
"You haven't thought things through," Prometheus said. "The Fates have already decreed that it will happen. We can either go along with it and be on the winning side or fight against it and be forced to face the same punishment Cronus will. If I fight for Zeus, I will win his favor and when he takes his place as leader of the gods, then you, I, Epimetheus, and the humans will be protected."
"Where's your loyalty?"
Prometheus shrugged his shoulder. "One god ruling over another doesn't matter to me. I just want to protect those who I love."
Hecate chewed on her cheek. "I suppose so, but it doesn't feel right."
Prometheus shrugged his shoulders. "Either way, it's already been decided. Cronus knows nothing and I will stay on his good side as long as possible. I will feed information to Zeus and betray the other Titans in the heat of battle. I will tip the scale to their favor."
Hecate grabbed his hand again. "I will help you."
"Good," Prometheus said. The part he didn't tell her was that if she hadn't agreed to it, Gaia would have locked her up inside the Earth for eternity if she needed to.
Prometheus would protect his creation at all costs.

---

Pandora interrupted his memories. "Is that what you did to me?" Fear crossed her gaze.
Prometheus tilted his head, confused. He had no idea what the two of them had been talking about anymore. "What do you mean?"
Pandora stared into his eyes earnestly. "You can make creatures feel desire for you like you did to the raven. Is that why every time I look at you my heart leaps in my chest and butterflies fill my stomach?"
Prometheus raised an eyebrow. "You're attracted to me? Even looking like this? What is wrong with you?" Already a trail of blood was beginning to run down his side towards the ground as the raven ripped into his liver.
But he understood it: even sweaty, Pandora was beautiful to him. Enough to make his heart beat like a kangaroo in his chest in ways that Hecate had never been able to.
Pandora blushed. "You have no idea what I am talking about, do you? Never mind, you obviously didn't do it."
The two sat in an awkward silence as she pressed the wet rag against his sweating forehead.
"Just so you know," her voice was so soft, it was almost a whisper. "I don't think Zeus should be doing this to you. Next time he and I speak, I will ask for him to let you go."
Prometheus laughed. "So you truly are naïve and it's not just an act?"
Pandora's eyebrows wrinkled together and she drew away. "What's that supposed to mean?"
Prometheus shook his head. "You haven't been in the world long enough to know that the Olympians don't care what you have to say. You're just a means to get revenge on humanity. Whether you die or live, they couldn't care less, as long as you go along with their plan."
Pandora glared at him. "Zeus promised he'd listened to me whenever I was upset, as long as I continued to worship him. He's shown me nothing but kindness. He fed me on Mount Olympus, kept me warm, and gave me a nice bed. He treated me far better than your brother has!"
"The Olympians aren't kind," Prometheus said. "Their motivation is usually power. People will do as many stupid things for power as they will do for love. Love is what got me here. I know what it means to value something like that above everything else. I see the lust for power in their eyes."
It's the same as the lust I have when I look at you. Prometheus thought it, but he couldn't say it.
Pandora patted the cloth against his cheek a few times, chewing her lips as she contemplated this. "Oh."
Prometheus stared at Pandora for a long while. Her eyes were large like a doe's. He would grab her at that moment and press her lips against his if only his hands weren't tied.
His brother had made a huge mistake bringing her here. The more he learned about her, the more he was intrigued by her. She was a horrible temptation. The Olympians must have gifted her with many ways to seduce men.
"What are you thinking about?" he asked once he couldn't take her biting her lower lip anymore.
Pandora giggled. "It's silly. I was just remembering something Epimetheus did for me last night and how it made my burns feel better. I thought maybe I could do the same thing for you."
Prometheus' eyes widened; his breath hitched in anticipation, even though he wasn't sure why. She bent over, looking down at one of the places where the raven had pecked him when he'd missed his mark. He wanted to yank her head away. She was risking her life by exposing her vulnerable neck to the raven's beak in such a way, but his mouth was frozen. He couldn't ask her to stop and all he could think about was how the raven's beak was the size of her head.
She closed her eyes and pressed her lips gently to the wound. The softness left his body bucking as goosebumps spread all over him. How did he have goosebumps with all this heat?
"You need to never do that again."
But before his protest even left his mouth, she had already pressed her lips against his. Their mouths melted together and became one as passion took over their bodies. He had never felt an aphrodisiac like it. It took away all his pain, made him forget that he was crippled, chained to the ground as he was. All he wanted to do as their tongues danced together was grab her by the waist, throw her to the ground, and make love to her. She shuddered and sighed against him and there was never a sound that was more glorious.
His chest contracted and just in time she pulled away. He vomited blood all over the ground beneath her feet and was too ashamed to look up and see the disgust he assumed was written across her face.
He swore at her instead. "Get away from me!" His voice was deadly, as if she were the one who was stabbing him to death and not the raven. In truth, her presence was exciting him too much and that was making him sicker than ever.
The raven pecked him harder. Prometheus' fervor had excited him. He screamed and an inferno exploded in the sky as he desperately prayed in his mind for the raven to calm down.
Pandora was gone when he finally looked up and she had taken the meat she was cooking with her.
Damn you, Zeus, Prometheus thought. She's already gotten to me.
Chapter 6:

Pandora was supposed to wait for Epimetheus' return to escort her back safely, but after the way Prometheus had yelled at her, she grabbed the meat and ran. She knew what kind of violence Prometheus was capable of. Even if he were able to keep his promises to Epimetheus under normal circumstances, he was under duress and not fully aware of what he was doing.
Pandora was so blinded by her tears that she tripped over a man resting on the ground, and almost fell into the campfire used for cooking. She stumbled clumsily to her feet and sighed sadly as she bent to pick up the chunk of meat covered in dirt. She dusted it off, wondering whether she should bring it home anyway.
She flinched when the man and his friends got to their feet. They towered over her, surrounding her, and looking like Epimetheus did right before he was about to hit her. They chuckled. She laughed along with them, unsure what was so funny.
"Bring your tits over here," said the tallest man, who also seemed to be the leader of the group. Pandora wrinkled her nose at his smell. "I'd like to see a pair of real ones. The pictures of goddesses I masturbate to are getting old."
Pandora stepped on a rock as she backed away from him and fell towards another one of the men who was missing his teeth. She didn't know what a "tit" was. Maybe he was asking about the meat she was carrying. She wasn't willing to share.
"You smell pretty," the man with a gummy smile told her. He reached out and stroked her hair a few times with his greasy hands.
Their skin glowed like hers did in the sun. It was silvery and shiny, but like peeking at treasure through a layer of dirt. They weren't clean like she and the Titans were. They were also skinny.
And they all seemed to desire her. Zeus said he wanted to make a woman so humans could procreate and all the men she met seemed to want to have children with her. Why hadn't Zeus created more women yet? Didn't he want all of them to have one?
And maybe if these men had a woman they wouldn't be so dirty or hungry. The women could cook for them.
The leader of the group was in front of her. He reached out his hands before she could stop him and started to massage her breasts. She shoved him away and wrapped her arms tightly over her chest. What was he doing? No one was ever supposed to touch her there! She wouldn't even let Epimetheus' hands near there if he tried.
He licked his lips as he stared down at her. She realized that he was staring at her like a famished wolf would stare at the chunk of meat she had.
She screamed at the top of her lungs and tried to run, but his friends pushed her back towards him. He wrapped his arms around her and forced her back against his chest. He began to fondle her again, until the two of them were suddenly greeted by a roar. Epimetheus ran up behind the leader, grabbed him by the waist and hurled him in the air.
His friends ran off as Epimetheus punched him in the head. The man curled up into a ball, screaming in pain in the dirt. Epimetheus grabbed his axe and chopped off the man's head.
Pandora screamed and covered her eyes. Blood splashed on her robes. She had seen him do the same thing to animals, but never to a human. Did he intend to devour this human now that it was dead? She shuddered at the thought. Would he eat the man raw? Would she be next?
They left the man's body behind to Pandora's relief. He grabbed her by the hair and yanked her by it all the way home.
"I told you not to wander around alone!" he roared as he threw her to the floor of the cave.
"Prometheus made me leave!" she insisted and got a kick to her leg for it.
Epimetheus breathed in and out deeply, his hands continuing to clench. Pandora had her hands covering her face, until he eventually calmed down. They washed off the dirt on the meat and Epimetheus started to devour it. She preferred it over uncooked lamb, but had lost her appetite after finding out what Epimetheus was truly capable of.
"Why are you being so quiet?" he asked roughly.
Pandora flinched. "Because you killed that man."
"And you're afraid I'll kill you?"
She could tell by his face that he wished her to say no, so she didn't dare say anything else. "No." It wasn't worth a slap to the face to tell the truth.
He wrapped his arms around her and she cowered. He tried to kiss her on the cheek and she moved away. "That man was hurting you. You are my wife, so you are mine to kiss and touch. No one else's."
Realization dawned on her face. "Marriage means that I can only touch and kiss you?" Why hadn't anyone explained any of this to her?
He nodded his head. "It means you belong to me. There is more to marriage than this. Soon, I will take you naked to my bed and enter you.
"I'm waiting for you to be ready. I am great at sex, so I want you to enjoy yourself." His eyes narrowed. "But if you make me wait for too long, I will have to force you to consummate the marriage."
Pandora didn't understand what he meant by enter her. Enter her where? And how would he get inside her? People can't crawl into each other. His real form was giant, too, so she'd have to be the one going inside him if one of them crawled into the other. Maybe he'd shrink himself further?
"So if I were to kiss someone else, you would kill them in the same way?"
Epimetheus nodded his head and Pandora felt scared. She had kissed and touched Prometheus this morning. But he can't be killed, she reassured herself. He's immortal. She better keep what she had done a secret anyway.
"Are you going to kill me now, too, because you feel I betrayed you?" Why did she ask that question? She must have a death wish.
"Of course not," Epimetheus said. "I already punished you for it by pulling your hair."
Epimetheus pulled off a chunk of the meat and handed it to her. "Eat." And she ate before he got even angrier with her. The tender meat tasted like dirt.
Chapter 7:

The jar was gone. Someone had stolen it! It wasn't in her usual hiding spot, so she had searched every inch of the cave.
She had been given that jar the moment she first opened her eyes, as a present celebrating her birth. It was the one piece of Mount Olympus that she had taken with her and losing it felt like losing an arm.
She had been so careful, how could this be happening to her?
Did Epimetheus find it? Was he angry...or worse, was he going to open it? What would happen if he did?
Pandora woke, grasping her pounding heart with her right hand.
She blinked as her mind adjusted to her surroundings. It had only been a dream. Everything was okay.
But she didn't feel certain of that. She wished Epimetheus would allow her to light a torch in order to check. Darkness frightened her because someone could be standing a foot in front of her and she'd never know. She'd have to rely on her sense of touch. She waited and listened to the sound of Epimetheus snoring before searching. She wanted to make sure her hysterics hadn't woken him. Once her ears were greeted by the noise of his deep breathing, she clawed through the furs beneath her.
She couldn't disappoint Zeus. She thought about Prometheus, chained to that mountain, screaming in pain. She swallowed roughly. That's what happened when Zeus got angry.
She sighed in relief when her fingers touched the jar. She hugged it tightly to her chest and the smell of the clay reassured her. A jolt ran down her body. It was the same electrical sensation she experienced while taking a bath the other day. It startled her.
She shivered as the sensation of Prometheus' lips pressing against hers greeted her. The jar had disappeared from her arms and been replaced by him. She didn't even bother to question how he had escaped the mountain or found her inside the cave. She closed her eyes and could smell the sweat and ashes surrounding him. She opened them and saw Prometheus sitting in front of her. He was free from his chains and the raven was nowhere in sight, but they were both on top of the mountain. She giggled as her heart pounded.
"Pandora." Prometheus whispered her name, but it wasn't his voice saying it: the melodious voices from inside the jar spoke. Of course, she had touched the jar, and last time that happened, it had spoken to her. This was a hallucination.
Prometheus stroked her hair. She froze. "Leave me alone."
Prometheus kissed her again. She wanted to pull away, but the desire to be with him was too intense. She moaned as their lips touched. Their tongues soon entwined with each other. For the first time, she felt his strong arms wrap around her body. Her lower belly pooled with lust.
She shoved him away. "Go away!"
The evil spirits inside the jar were even worse than she originally thought. They could read her mind and tempt her with what she desired most.
"I know how to help you," fake Prometheus whispered, pulling her close and kissing her forehead.
"I will not discuss this with you." Pandora shoved him away again, her voice firm. "I'm not even supposed to be with you. I'm Epimetheus' wife and therefore I must not kiss anyone else, but him. I shouldn't even imagine kissing you."
"I can change all of that." Fake Prometheus stroked her hair. "I can give you everything your heart desires if you'll agree to help me."
"Never!" Pandora shouted, hoping that she wouldn't wake Epimetheus. Was she shouting in real life or just in her hallucination?
"Zeus lied to you," fake Prometheus told her. "If you open the jar, your life will change for the better."
"Stop it!" She became so desperate to make the hallucination go away that she closed her eyes and clawed at her skin. "I'd rather kill myself than do as you say."
The melodious voice chuckled in her ear. It turned dark and vicious. "We can do this the easy way, where you get what you want once you free me or I can force you to open the jar against your will and face every terror inside it."
Pandora screamed as a shudder passed through her body. She couldn't control one of her arms. It was reaching for the jar that had now replaced Prometheus again and grasping the lid. Hundreds of beetles crawled out from inside it and over her body. Their tiny legs tickled her skin. She was turning the lid.
She clawed at her shoulder harder with her other hand, ripping into her skin as violently as she could. She had to regain control of herself. She closed her eyes in order to concentrate.
It took her a moment to realize that Epimetheus was shouting at her and telling her to shut-up. She opened her eyes and was greeted by pitch blackness. The hallucination was gone and the jar wasn't in her arms anymore, even though she couldn't remember putting it away. She reached under her furs and felt the smooth clay resting under there.
She touched her side and arms. Maybe the whole thing was a dream, but she could feel the wetness of her blood from where she scratched herself.
She laid down, her eyes wide. She was desperate for a fire-desperate enough that she might even risk lighting one and getting beaten by Epimetheus.
"I can help you rescue him." A tiny voice whispered in her ear as she settled herself down over where the jar was buried underneath all the furs.
She flinched and hummed to herself, blocking out all other noise, even Epimetheus' snoring. After a short while, she drifted back to sleep. Her dreams were filled with nightmares, but the jar didn't speak to her again.
Chapter 8:

Prometheus woke in the middle of the day. His abdomen was already spasming from the raven pecking his side. His forehead was covered in sweat.
Before his eyes had adjusted to the light, he felt someone pressing a spoon to his mouth. The liquid that ran down his throat wasn't water-it tasted meaty. Someone had boiled lamb and was feeding him the broth. It sent delicious warmth through his chest and into his belly.
With all his suffering, he never noticed his empty stomach, but he knew he was hungry. It felt good to eat. He hoped he didn't vomit later. His eyes adjusted and he saw a pot with pieces of lamb inside boiling nearby. There was a fire underneath it.
Because of the leaves still on the branches, he knew whoever was cooking had cut down the branches hastily. It must have been from a tree already on fire. He supposed that was a loophole that would allow humans to have fire without hurting him.
He locked gazes with Pandora. An excited shiver ran through him. He shouldn't have been surprised to see her, but he figured that she was the type of woman who would run home and tell Epimetheus about the kiss they shared. Epimetheus would not only beat Prometheus when he found out, but he'd probably ban Pandora from ever seeing him again.
He looked down at her arms and sucked in his breath. Scratches decorated her skin like a wild animal had ripped into her. He longed to run his fingers down her wounds and kiss them gently, but the chains didn't allow him to move his hands. She caught him staring and crossed her arms to cover it up.
"Did Epimetheus do this to you?" Prometheus asked.
Pandora swallowed and looked away. "No."
"You don't have to lie to me," Prometheus said. "He's my brother. I know how he is."
Pandora met his eyes. "I'm not saying he's never hit me. This time was just…different."
"Did you tell him about our kiss?" Prometheus nervously sucked in his breath.
"No," she whispered.
"Don't ever tell him. He'll be angry if he finds out." I don't want you to get hurt. He left the words unsaid.
"I know." Pandora clenched her fists. "He killed a man yesterday."
"For doing what?" Prometheus growled, angry that his brother was killing humans even though they had no way to procreate. He had made his brother promise to protect them when he was first locked up.
"For touching my chest," Pandora whispered.
As much as Prometheus wanted to stay angry with Epimetheus, he felt himself wishing that man was alive again instead...so Prometheus himself could kill him for touching Pandora.
Prometheus narrowed his eyes. "You know, it's strange the way you have gotten yourself stuck between Epimetheus and myself. We are both possessive of those we care about and you're taking advantage of it."
"What do you mean?" Pandora asked.
"Don't play coy with me." He stared in fascination as she dipped the spoon in the broth again, but this time, she fed herself. Her full lips devoured the spoon in a way that made him hard, even with all the pain he felt. The quick peek of pink tongue as she licked the broth from her mouth made him want to grab her and kiss her.
"Everything you do," he continued. "From the way you eat to the way you move is dripping with seduction. Zeus knew neither my brother nor I could resist a beautiful human."
Pandora blushed and stroked her hair with her free hand. "You think I'm desirable?"
Prometheus narrowed his eyes. "I think you're dangerous. You were probably in on Zeus' plan all along."
Pandora rolled her eyes and picked up the spoon to feed him more broth. "Just drink your broth and stop making things up."
Prometheus swallowed a gulp in an exaggerated manner. "The only reason I trust you to feed me is because I can't be poisoned; I'll regenerate."
Pandora clenched her teeth. "Everyone isn't after you! Sure your punishment was harsh, but what else was Zeus supposed to do when you stole from him? Couldn't you have tried to talk to him instead? Maybe he treated you this way because you were being unreasonable."
Prometheus glared at her. "Why do you defend a man who hates your kind so much? Zeus wanted to destroy the human race, but I assisted him during the war of the Titans and he agreed to let you live, but he made you weaker..."
Memories slammed through Prometheus' mind as he told her the story.

---

Prometheus stared unhappily at the clay he was shaping in his hand. No gold flecks shined at him. Instead, it was filled with silver. The color glowed lifelessly like the moon. He wanted the rich, golden sparkle of the sun, but Zeus thought it was too much. Humans shouldn't be as pretty as gods. It was bad enough that they sparkled at all. They should know their place, beneath the Olympians.
The Fates had predicted Zeus overthrowing Cronus and that was a big part of the reason he succeeded. Prometheus knew that frightened Zeus. He didn't want humans to be able to tell the future like the Fates could. They'd be able to foresee the destruction of the gods and possibly even cause it, so Prometheus had taken that away from them as well.
Humans worried about what lay in their future. Before, they were able to see the consequences of their actions, but now they were frightened by the unknown. It was a giant blank slate of possibilities in their heads.
He had already seen men ganging up on one another to beat each other into bloody masses. They did it for a leg of lamb because no one was certain that there would be food for them tomorrow. They fought for everything that was available today. They felt no security for tomorrow. Prometheus knew he'd have to do something drastic to fix it.
Two hands covered his eyes. Everything went black as he felt a pair of breasts press against his back.
"Guess who?" three husky female voices whispered in his ear. Her breath was warm.
He pulled the feminine hands off and turned to face Hecate. He gazed into her eyes and saw love. She was holding a torch. In this form, her body looked athletic and slender. Her eyes glowed with life and stamina. She could go all night and that might be just what he needed. He grabbed her by the hair and crushed her lips against his. Their lips caressed each other as Prometheus moaned with desire.
The dogs that had been following Hecate and hiding in the shadows growled at the two of them. Hecate snapped her fingers, which they knew was the signal for them to be quiet.
Soon, Hecate and Prometheus were gasping for breath. Their passion made their hearts pound as if they were running a race.
Hecate pulled away. Her hair was messy and her lips were swollen. Prometheus devoured her with his eyes. He liked looking at the aftermath of his lust.
"Wait," Hecate giggled. "I haven't told you the good news."
Prometheus wrapped his arms around her waist. He didn't want to talk. He wanted to play. He pressed his erection against her and waggled his eyebrows.
She pushed him by the chest. "Hold on! You can at least wait to listen to what I have to say."
He pulled her closer and kissed up her neck. "No, I can't."
Hecate chuckled, allowing him to pleasure her for a moment before putting some distance between them. She paced in front of him.
"When we first betrayed Cronus, I felt horrible about it." She swallowed roughly. "To see his belly ripped open so violently, by his son of all people! The look on his face was unlike any I've ever seen. He trusted us and we snuck Zeus inside his palace anyway.
"Worse are his screams in Tartarus. He curses us daily for what we've done. He's become an animal; I don't even recognize him anymore. He tears at gods and humans alike with the claws that are his nails, trying to devour them. He sees the face of his children in all of them!
"But while I was thinking of helping him escape, I was talking to Hades. Hades said I was the perfect goddess to guard the Underworld. When I shapeshift, I can make eyes appear in the back of my head if I want to. I'm strong and I'm loyal; he could tell I was thinking of helping Cronus escape. But he wants me on his side instead. The Olympians believe in me, which is more than I can say for Cronus. They think I am powerful enough to make sure no one goes in or out of the Underworld without Hades' permission. Cronus never trusted me with anything."
Prometheus shrugged, wishing they weren't talking about this. "Cronus wasn't so bad. You've just forgotten how much freedom he gave us. Zeus locked him in Tartarus and it has driven him insane, but that's not his fault."
Hecate's eyebrows met in the middle of her forehead. "Are you kidding me? He was eating his children!"
The spirit dogs burst into feverish barking in response to her passion.
"But maybe they deserved it." His body shook as rage filled him. "I mean, look at how selfish they are. They interfere with all our decisions. They've taken so much from the humans, when they promised me that they wouldn't. We held up our side of the bargain, but they broke the deal."
Hecate crossed her arms. "Who cares?"
"I do!" Prometheus shouted. "He made a promise to me and now he's taken fire away from the humans. They shiver in cold every day. They eat raw meat. They're barbaric and miserable."
Prometheus had created humans to be works of art. They were made to entertain and befriend the gods. Zeus had reduced them to animals.
Hecate narrowed her eyes at him. "That's what this all comes down to? The humans? You can't even be happy for me, can you?"
Prometheus sighed. "It's why I betrayed Cronus in the first place. I was trying to protect everyone."
"Then let's start over. We tried our best to save humanity, but their fate is out of our hands." Hecate grabbed him by both hands and squeezed them. "We have an eternity together. We can create other creatures. We could even raise a family and have children."
"Children?" His eyebrows shot up his forehead. "Are you insane?"
Hecate shrugged. "I don't see how it's so different."
Prometheus crossed his arms. "So are you saying, if Zeus wanted to steal our children's powers and let them suffer, you'd allow it? Because it's all the same thing to you? He did it to humans and those are my children, so he might as well do it to everything I create?"
"I never said that!" Hecate yelled.
"Then you need to understand why I can't allow this either! These humans came from me. They are a part of me!"
Hecate's lips thinned tightly. "That's all you talk about-these humans and what they mean to you. I was the one who followed you when you decided to betray everything I knew and loved. I turned against my sisters and brothers. I betrayed my family and I did it all just so you'd love me. But it's like you don't care about me at all. All you care about are the humans."
"Maybe you're right," Prometheus growled and walked away before she could respond.

---

Prometheus was angry. He knew he would eventually forgive Hecate for the argument they had, but in the meantime he needed to cool off. He decided to visit the village and talk to some of the men. Not that they would understand why he was so upset. They were happy to be ordered around by a goddess as long as that goddess slept with them later. Still, they were nice company.
They didn't understand morals or laws, but he would teach it to them. They'd find ways to be strong, even though they were scared. He'd give them structure and a way of life. Things would get better.
He was on a mission. Every time Zeus ruined part of humanity, he would make it better.
When he entered the town, though, he noticed a commotion in the middle of all the tents. He didn't know what could be worse than all the things that had already happened, but people were screaming like it was horrific. He charged over.
People moved out of the way to let him through. A man was lying still in the middle of everyone, facedown. People were poking him with sticks and he wasn't moving. He was so slender that he was barely skin and bones.
Prometheus yanked the sticks out of their hands. He had cuts and holes from being poked so much. "What are you doing? Leave this man alone! Isn't it bad enough that you must go hungry? Don't further Zeus' torture of humanity by picking on one another."
Several people backed out of the way. He'd never harmed a human, but they respected him.
He walked up to the man. "Do you need help getting up?" He tried to grab the man's hand. His palm was cold and stiff.
Prometheus' forehead wrinkled. It couldn't be, could it?
He flipped the man over. It was Ronius; his eyes were open, but he was unresponsive. His pupils were glazed over and he wasn't breathing. Prometheus shook him, but he didn't move.
"What's wrong with him?" one of the men asked.
But Prometheus' words were trapped in his throat. This man was dead. He had heard that it was possible for a creature to cease to exist, but he hadn't created humans to be this way.
He saw parts of animals scattered around and the head of a deer on a skewer. It had infected the animals as well. In the past, humans didn't need to kill the deer they ate. They just ripped off a leg and it immediately grew back.
He heard chuckling ahead of him and saw a large shadow in the shape of a man, hiding and watching. Prometheus threw the body of Ronius to the side, not caring as rage filled his body.
He didn't know how he knew, but he knew. Whatever that creature was, it was why Ronius was dead. And he was going to destroy it.
He lunged forward, his eyes flashing and his mouth foaming with bloodlust. The creature squealed in terror as Prometheus ripped him apart, limb from limb. He stood, satisfied over the bloody mess, until the muscles twitched and it started regenerating.
He grabbed it by the neck and held the creature down. It bit into his arm until he was gushing blood. He pressed against his chest, until he noticed there was no heartbeat. He thought this man was immortal at first, but he wasn't even alive. He was undead. He bit into Prometheus' neck and more blood gushed from him. He could feel himself growing lightheaded.
"You can't kill Thanatos!" the creature's deep voice threatened.
So his name was Thanatos, was it? Prometheus' body painfully regenerated as he continued to wrestle Thanatos. His limbs sewed themselves back together as he came up with a plan.
He'd breathe life in this creature just as he had breathed life into the humans. He'd make it alive. Its power must come from the fact that it was dead and he would take his power away. Then he would hide it in a pit of hell. One that Cronus hadn't told Zeus or Hades about. Only Prometheus knew about it because he had created it as a place to hide if the other gods grew out of control. He'd trap Thanatos there. Cronus was too insane for anyone to get the information from him.

---

With the blood of Thanatos still dripping from his body, he entered Mount Olympus. It had been a difficult battle and he was still regenerating from it, but he felt high on adrenaline. He didn't want to bathe. He didn't want to rest. He had to fix everything before it was too late, no matter the consequences. He'd make Zeus keep his promises, whether he wanted to or not!
He knew the gods were asleep. Taking care of Thanatos had taken so long that he knew Zeus was resting his head. He entered inside on tiptoe and stuck to the shadows. No one would question his presence inside Mount Olympus, but they might be frightened by all the blood.
In the center of the main room was a flickering light. It cast dancing shadows across all the white walls.
Prometheus walked closer to it. The beautiful flames that flickered inside the fireplace were brighter and more enchanting than any he had seen before.
This was where Zeus had trapped all the flames in the world. He wanted to keep them for himself, so he could be special and powerful. He said the sun was enough to keep humans alive, but they were dying because of him.
Zeus had been intent on destroying Prometheus' creation all along. He wasn't that different from his father, but Prometheus wasn't going to put up with it.
They would die faster than he could create them if he didn't do something.
He reached inside the flames and screamed because his entire body felt as if it were on fire and melting. He wanted to pull away. He needed to make it stop, but instead the fire filled his veins like lava. It was changing him.
Prometheus awoke. He hadn't even realized he had collapsed. He looked down at his hands that were zinging with a new feeling of power, one he had never possessed before. He glowed in the dark and when he snapped his fingers, flames burst upon them.
Next time, maybe he would sneak lightning bolts. Humans would be strong with this fire, but with the power of lightning they would be unstoppable. They would use it to light their houses and harness its energy to get better at farming. It probably had all kinds of applications that were positively electric.

---

"I'll never forgive myself for betraying Cronus. I faced trial for stealing the fire and I was condemned to where you see me now. It was in humanity's best interest to stop Zeus. I die daily for my mistake, but you continue to mock me anyway."
Pandora's mouth was hanging open. She was speechless for a moment. "I'm sorry." She bowed her head. "I didn't know."
She looked so frightened and frail that all of Prometheus' anger rushed from him. "I told you this story for a reason. You need to stay away from me and start doing your job. You have a responsibility to humanity, just like I do."
"What do you mean?" Pandora asked. "Epimetheus gave me the responsibility of taking care of you and I'm trying to do a good job, but you keep getting so excitable and undoing everything. I can't help that."
Prometheus' mouth tightened into a straight line. "That's not what I mean. It's your job as the first woman to create more people."
Pandora giggled so hard that tears poured down her face. "What are you talking about? I'm not a goddess; I can't create things like you do."
"Have you and Epimetheus made love?" Prometheus ignored it, but his stomach tightened with something more than the pain of the raven pecking through his abdomen. His heart hurt. He wanted her to say no.
All Pandora did in response was blush brightly and Prometheus' stomach tumbled. Oh no, they have slept together.
But instead Pandora responded quietly, "I don't know."
Prometheus closed his eyes and breathed a sigh of relief. "Then you probably haven't."
Pandora shrugged.
"Men and women reproduce through sex," Prometheus continued. "It's how the gods do it and I created humans to resemble them. You and Epimetheus are supposed to make little people that look just like you to take your place once you die. I can't keep a human from death, but I can make sure as a whole, humanity lives on."
"Little people?" Pandora's brow wrinkled in confusion.
"Yes. They will be like you, but small and helpless. Similar to how the animals birth little versions of themselves. Haven't you seen their babies?"
Pandora smiled. "Yes, of course, but they are animals. They do all kinds of silly things, like walk on all fours. That doesn't mean I should do the same."
Prometheus frowned gravely. "It's the only way for humanity to survive. Zeus made you to destroy the relationship between me and my brother, but we can use you for great things instead. It's why he didn't teach you what sex is. He doesn't want you to have it."
"Will sex hurt?" Pandora asked.
"There are parts that are painful at first," Prometheus admitted. "And birth isn't comfortable, but most of it you'll love."
Prometheus struggled to shut off the image that immediately ran through his head of Pandora on her back, naked, with her breasts pressed against his chest. He would enter her and she would sigh in that sweet, high-pitched voice of hers as he filled her. Soon, he would have her moaning as he explored the inside of her body. He'd spill his seed into her and eventually, she'd get pregnant.
She'd make a wonderful mother someday. She was argumentative at times, but also nurturing. The way she fed him that broth made the pain almost tolerable.
Prometheus was shocked with himself. He told Hecate that he never wanted to have children and he assumed that never would change. What was happening to him?
Pandora interrupted his thoughts. "What was it like for you to have children?"
"Humans are my only children."
"So when Epimetheus and I make love, a baby will pop out of clay like I did when I was created?"
Prometheus shook his head. Was she serious? "No. It will come out from inside you."
Pandora scratched her chin. "Hmmm, so that's what Epimetheus means about entering inside me. He will crawl in and pull out a child! But I don't know how he'll fit and I don't think there's a child inside me for him to retrieve."
Prometheus sighed. "My brother didn't explain sex to you, did he?"
Pandora shook her head.
Prometheus chuckled. "Of course not, because that would involve thinking beforehand and he'd rather surprise you with the truth.
"You need to talk to him and ask him all these questions. I'm too tired to answer them and it isn't appropriate."
Prometheus felt like the blood pooling beneath him was his energy escaping his body. The sicker he got, the harder it was to control himself and he didn't think he could talk to Pandora about sex without wanting to demonstrate it to her as well.
"How do you speak when you are in so much pain?" Pandora asked. "I remember when you burned my arm. I could do nothing except think about how much it hurt."
"You get used to it after a while," he murmured. "But there's a limit to everything."
Pandora picked up a rag and dipped it into some fresh water. She gently washed his chest. Each rub sent goosebumps through him as he imagined her grabbing his penis and stroking it slowly. Soon he passed out.
Chapter 9:

Epimetheus walked Pandora back to the cave a little while later. He carried a deer carcass over one shoulder and a bag of wild berries in a pouch attached to his hip. With his other hand, he also carried the pot full of the lamb she had been cooking.
Pandora broke the silence once they neared the cave. "Prometheus told me that it's my duty as the first female to create new people, so I would like to have sex with you."
Epimetheus almost dropped everything he was holding. His eyes widened and he looked her up and down slowly. Pandora didn't like the predatory gleam in his eyes. She resisted the urge to cover herself with her hands.
"Are you sure that you're ready?" Epimetheus asked. "Don't tease me." His voice was hoarse. "I've been hoping you would come around, so I didn't have to force you. It's always more pleasurable when the other person enjoys it."
Pandora's heart pounded. She backed away from him a little, although she wasn't sure why. "I'm ready." Would it hurt when he crawled inside her? What if he didn't shrink-what if she was somehow supposed to stretch to fit him? She shuddered.
He entered the cave and she followed stiffly behind him. He placed the food in the back with a smirk. "We'll be hungry afterwards, so we'll wait to eat until we're done."
He turned around and wrapped his arms tightly around her. He kissed her gently on the lips as he had when he was kissing her burned arms. It was pleasant, but she'd rather be kissing Prometheus and experiencing the chills he gave her as her stomach tightened with desire for more.
He stuck his tongue in her mouth and she bit it in shock. Luckily, this turned him on and he moaned or she would have been slapped across the face. She didn't realize until that moment how sturdy Titans were. She had seen him kill men, so she knew she wasn't strong enough to beat him, but she had no idea that his skin was so thick that her bites didn't hurt.
He grabbed her ass and pulled her closer until their hips were pressed together. Something long and hard pressed against her body from inside his clothes. What was that thing?
She pulled away. She was shaking, but not in a good way.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
This was her duty and Prometheus said it would be pleasurable. She had to keep going and ignore her gut, which was telling her this was all wrong.
"Nothing," she whispered. She shouldn't have allowed him to do this. She couldn't trust him.
He grabbed her again. Nothing about his touch was gentle anymore as he lifted her into his arms. Her jaw ached from kissing him. The way his tongue kept darting between her lips felt like a violation. It would get better. She had to be patient. He wasn't really suffocating her with his kisses; this was how married people showed their love. If she could relax, maybe it wouldn't feel as if he was squeezing her insides in his embrace.
He pulled off her robes. She pictured the way Epimetheus watched her scrub her body when she took a bath and instantly regretted him doing this. Epimetheus grabbed her breasts and she was reminded of the human male who had violated her and forced her to kiss him.
One of her arms was pinned, but the other one was free. She beat him in the chest with it, but to him it felt like love taps and he laughed drunkenly.
He pushed her against the ground. She had seen him kill people, but never realized until that moment how helpless she was against him. She couldn't move. He was taking off his clothes and parting her legs against her will. She was his puppet and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
He pulled away and she screamed. Finally, she understood what Prometheus was talking about. That thing dangling between his legs was what he was going to use to enter her in the slit between her legs. She didn't understand how this act would produce a baby.
"Stop!" She beat him on the chest and tears poured down her face.
"You little bitch," he shouted. "I asked you if you were ready and you told me that you were! You can't take it back now!"
He shook her and she screamed louder.
"Please, I'm sorry." He couldn't really be doing this to her, could he? Why had Prometheus told her this would be pleasurable?
He shook her so hard that her head banged against the wall behind her. She saw stars in front of her eyes.
"I'm your husband!" he growled. "If I take you now, no one will call it rape."
She screamed some more as he yanked her head back by the hair. He spat in her face as he spoke and the veins in his neck were bulging. "I should just fuck you hard, until you shut-up, but I won't-"
He lifted her over his shoulders instead and threw her against the cavern wall. Her back cracked against several of the rocks as they pierced her skin. She fell on the ground with a thud and didn't move for a while. She was bleeding and the wind had been knocked out of her.
"Next time I will force you to fuck me! You won't have a choice!" Epimetheus spat on her, but she was relieved that he didn't touch her again.
He got dressed and so did she. He grabbed the food they were supposed to share. "Do not leave," he ordered her.
He left the cave by himself.
He was trying to punish her by forcing her to starve. She'd punish him, too, by not being there when he returned.
Chapter 10:

Pandora had no idea where she was heading. Her vision was blurry from tears and she was so upset that she could barely walk straight, but she didn't care. She had to get away.
She headed straight for the trees. She knew there were animals that might attack her there, but it wasn't any more dangerous than living in that cave. And it was the only place she could imagine being able to hide from Epimetheus.
How had things come this far? She remembered the first day she opened her eyes to Hera and Zeus gazing down at her. Zeus' beard was so long, it tickled his face. Hera's bright eyes and veil made her look gentle and loving.
They were much taller than her, making her feel like a helpless child in comparison. They were surrounded by the white of the castle that rested on Mount Olympus. Its beauty was pleasing to her eyes.
She sat up, wishing to explore this place. Everything was so bright she had to squint to see the other gods gathered in the room. She moved her hands and then stared at them as she wiggled her fingers. How was she doing that?
Everything was so new. She didn't understand where she was or who these people were.
They introduced themselves one at a time. They told her that her name was Pandora.
"Pandoooora?" The sounds tickled her tongue as she pronounced them. She giggled and then laughed some more at the funny sound giggling made.
Zeus took her arm and helped her walk on her new legs to the table. Fairies flittered to and fro, filling glasses to the rim. There were places for everyone. Pandora took her chair across from Zeus, gazing at all the pretty colors and sparkly silverware.
She watched Zeus take a large bite out of his pastry and gulp down his ambrosia. She did the same and moaned out loud. The sweet tastes passing across her lips were addicting. These gods knew what good things were. They would show her the way to enjoying this life.
"Very good." Zeus smiled at her as she chewed a second bite.
His teeth were so white and sparkly she wanted to touch them. Instead, she touched her own mouth and felt that she had teeth, too. Wow! Was she a goddess, too? It couldn't be! She was so short compared to the rest of them.
She gazed at one of the silver plates that had been emptied of food. Though distorted, she saw a pretty girl gazing back at her with brown hair and blue eyes. She smiled at the girl. She wanted to be friends. The girl smiled back, her eyes crinkling. She blinked her eyes and so did the girl. She shook her head and the girl mimicked her, with hair flying everywhere. She was about to get annoyed when she realized that she was gazing at herself.
She had features similar to the gods, but she could tell she was different. Her skin was shiny, unlike theirs, and her facial features were tiny in comparison.
The gods were proud of her as she absorbed her lessons in the course of a few days. Eating, walking, and talking came naturally to her, but knowing what was edible or poisonous, her sense of direction, and when to speak or stay quiet wasn't as easily taught.
After a few days, they told her there was someone they wanted her to meet. A man arrived at Mount Olympus and Pandora hid behind Hera's skirts in fright. He was hairy and strange-looking, not nearly as pretty as the other gods were. But he was taller than they were.
"Hello," he said. His voice was gravelly. He looked like a furry mountain.
Instead of responding, she hid her head entirely.
"Don't worry. She'll come around," Zeus had reassured him.
They sat down at dinner. The man, who said his name was Epimetheus, sat down next to her. He stared at her too much and she leaned away from him.
Zeus looked straight at Pandora. She met his gaze.
"I have invited Epimetheus here because he will be your husband," Zeus said.
"Husband?" Pandora repeated the word slowly, trying to place the meaning of it. Her eyes lit up as she remembered Hera once calling Zeus by that name. So the relationship between her and Epimetheus would one day become like what they have? She frowned as reality struck her.
She beat her tiny fists against the table in front of her. "I thought I was going to get a god for a husband someday, not him!"
She didn't know who this strange man was and she was afraid he would take her from Zeus and Hera, whom she considered family.
Zeus was unfazed. "He once was a god."
Pandora looked him up and down slowly. "He was?"
"Yes," Zeus said. "He's a Titan. They ruled before I did."
Epimetheus hit the table, almost breaking it. Everything around them shook. "I will not be treated like this. She's a human-she can't look at me that way!"
Pandora cowered, thinking about hiding underneath the table cloth.
Zeus winked at Epimetheus. "Don't worry. We'll talk to her. It will all work out.
"Maybe if you shrink yourself down to her size, it will intimidate her less."
Soon, before she knew what was happening, the fairies had surrounded her and were leading her into another room. They dressed her up and cooed over what a beautiful bride she would make.
Hera entered inside once they had finished, her head almost brushing the ceiling. Her fists were clenched and her mouth was stretched into a tight line.
"I was once in the same position as you," she said, softly. "Forced to marry a man I didn't want to be with, but you'll learn to love him in time. Don't forget to use your body to seduce him. A woman's curves can make any man, immortal or not, into a slobbering fool if they use them right."
Pandora was wide-eyed. She had no idea what Hera was talking about, but she nodded her head anyway.
Zeus entered the room after her. He carried a tiny jar in his hands. "It's customary during weddings to give gifts. I want you to have this jar, but I need you to keep its existence a secret for me, okay?"
Pandora nodded.
Zeus continued. "It holds something very precious inside and you are never to open it under any circumstances. Demons and people may tempt you, but ignore them. You are to protect it."
He placed the jar in Pandora's hands. She stroked it lovingly. "I promise I will keep it safe."
Zeus smiled. "I know you're nervous about marrying Epimetheus. He does have an anger problem, but don't worry about it. He's harmless as long as you always obey him. That's what a good wife does-obey her husband."
Pandora nodded.
Zeus patted her on the head. "Don't look so worried. I will always be here for you to pray to when you need me." He left the room with those last words.
Pandora stood around awkwardly for awhile, until the fairies ushered her outside. She saw all the gods gathered around, even ones she hadn't yet met. She walked between them, wishing to disappear as they all stared at her.
Aphrodite's servants played their flutes and pretty music as she walked, helping to calm her down.
The only reason she didn't run away was Zeus' smile waiting at the end of the aisle. He had led her this far. He had given her many nice things and shown her what it meant to be a human. He couldn't possibly be steering her in the wrong direction now.
Once she made it to the front, she grabbed Epimetheus' hands. He had shrunk himself down to her size. She stared into his eyes, her hands sweating as the ceremony began.

---

She wandered around the woods for hours before her mind was able to clear enough to come up with a plan of what she should do.
As tears poured down her eyes, she bowed her head. She should have done this earlier.
"Dear Zeus," she whispered under her breath. "You promised if I prayed to you that you would always help me. I need you. My husband has attacked me and I don't know what to do. I obeyed him like you told me to, but it made no difference! I left the jar I was supposed to guard behind and I'm scared to return. Please come here and rescue me from all of this."
Her heart pounded. She hadn't wanted to disturb Zeus, but she no longer had a choice. She fully expected Zeus to be standing in front of her, grinning and ready to take her back as soon as she opened her eyes. After all, she was his child, his creation. She didn't have any other father except for him.
But all she saw were the dark trees surrounding her. They were so thick that they blocked most of the light. Zeus was nowhere to be seen and she had no idea where she was standing anymore. She stopped walking and ran. She needed to get out of this place where she was lost to the gods and the world, and find somewhere safe.
Why hadn't he arrived already? Didn't he love her? Wasn't she precious enough to him?
As her breathing became heavy, she prayed again. "Please, Zeus, I need you to help me. I tried as hard as I could to protect the jar, but he attacked me. You should punish him like you punished Prometheus because you are a just god that doesn't want to see your child suffering."
She needed a voice or a whisper or anything to know that Zeus was there, but nothing came to her. She screamed her prayer at the top of her lungs, ignoring the birds and other animals that went fluttering and scampering around her at the loud noise.
"Zeus, please! I need you! I'm desperate! Your child is suffering and in pain!"
A hole appeared in her heart and grew with every second. The world wasn't supposed to work this way, was it?
She had never truly felt alone until that moment. She was wary of the Titans, resistant of trusting them, and the humans were just as scary, but she had always assumed that the gods would be near enough to hear her when she was upset. They were supposed to come rescue her if she needed it. But technically, they had never promised to rescue her.
The trees parted and she saw a bright light up ahead. Maybe this was a sign from Zeus. Maybe he was showing her the direction she needed to go!
Her legs picked up speed, even though they already ached as she raced. She went to the end of the trees and was almost sucked away by the strong wind blowing around. She grabbed the branch of the nearest tree in time to prevent herself from floating away.
The sun was closer here and brighter. It stung her eyes and took her a moment before she was able to see. Her hair blew in her face, obstructing her vision as well.
She was on top of some kind of cliff. Dirt billowed around her and fell off the cliff. She dared to peek down, even though she was afraid her movements would blow her away, and she saw a desert below her. A desert guarded by a woman holding a snake.
She swallowed. The desert was littered with bones and seemed lifeless. Pandora recognized it from descriptions Zeus had given her of Hades' dark domain. This was the Underworld.
Was this Zeus' way of saying that the only escape from this life was death? Or had he not spoken to her at all?
She struggled to pull herself back inside the forest, where the trees sheltered her from the wind, as if she were entering inside a whole new world.
She collapsed on the ground after her struggle and decided it was time to come back.
Zeus wouldn't protect her. She no longer felt safe thinking of him. Was it because she had forgotten her jar behind in the cave? Could he not forgive her for it?
She decided to make her way back and to the one person who could talk any sense into Epimetheus: Prometheus. That was, if she could find her way out of this forest before it was pitch black outside.
She wandered up a hill for a long time and knew she was going the wrong way, until she noticed Prometheus' flames up ahead. She ran towards him.
Chapter 11:

Prometheus' convulsions woke him. The sun was setting and the raven was pecking his liver. He screamed as he felt the sharp beak dig around inside him. He couldn't breathe. He choked on the blood dribbling out of his mouth.
Sometimes he was able to escape by falling asleep, but when the pain got too bad, he'd either toss and turn or fight with his eyes open.
The battle raged inside him. The pain of his wrists breaking as he struggled against the chains that bound him didn't ache nearly as badly as the stabbing of the raven's beak. Sweat trickled down his body as the inferno above him grew. It spun like a hurricane of ashes, reflecting his torment.
He heard a woman screaming. The only female he knew was Pandora! What was she doing here? It was too dangerous!
His forehead scrunched together so hard, he got a headache, but he still couldn't concentrate enough to shrink the fireball above him.
He saw a shadow of a human running around the woods a little ways away and hoped the flames wouldn't be large enough this time to catch the trees on fire. He was supposed to protect humans and here he was about to possibly kill one!
He tried to call out to Pandora to run farther, but all that came out was a strangled cry. The fire took over all the sky he could see. He passed out and died once again.

---

Prometheus woke before the sun rose. Pandora was sitting over him, stroking his face. Her skin was gray with ashes and soot filled her hair. He swallowed the lump in his throat as he gazed into the affection filling her blue eyes. Thank Cronus, he hadn't killed her.
His brother wondered sometimes why he didn't say "Thank Zeus," but Prometheus refused to acknowledge that Zeus was the new god in charge anymore.
"Please take your hand off me," Prometheus said, even though he desperately wanted her to stroke him more. She was his brother's wife and it was wrong for him to lust after her.
When she pulled away, Prometheus was able to gaze at more of her body. He sucked in his breath as he saw a few bruises running up her arms. Had his brother been rough when he slept with her? His stomach turned as he imagined someone else besides himself parting her legs and taking her virginity. 
She caught him staring and hung her head low. "I couldn't have sex with him, so he attacked me."
Part of him felt relieved, but another part of him felt disgusted. How could his brother do this to someone as beautiful as Pandora?
Pandora stared at the bird. "But you shouldn't be concerned with me. You have much bigger problems than I do." She clasped her hands together. "I came here because I didn't want to deal with your brother anymore. He'll be furious when he figures it out."
"I'll protect you," Prometheus murmured. "He won't lay a hand on you if I'm around. He knows I disapprove."
Pandora crossed her arms. "You told me sex would be pleasurable."
Prometheus sighed. "My brother has trouble thinking when he feels passionate about something. He probably didn't even realize he was hurting you."
"That's no excuse," Pandora said.
"I didn't say it was, but it's not supposed to hurt. I can ask him to be gentler when he tries again."
Pandora's body shook and her eyes flashed. "I don't want to try again."
Prometheus clenched his jaw. The flames grew above him as his anger flared. "Do you think I wanted to be punished this way either?" 
He remembered the look on Hecate's face when he stood on trial before Zeus. Her scream as his sentence was passed down still haunted him. It hurt worse to hear her cry than to be strapped down and gnawed on by the raven.
He hadn't meant to hurt Hecate, but he had to protect his people. Zeus had started unleashing demons upon them to destroy them-ones that could take their lives. He had locked Thanatos up and forced him into a realm that Zeus didn't know about. He sealed him away forever to keep his people safe.
And then he stole the fire. He had to take a stand against Zeus, regardless of the punishment he'd receive. It was the only choice he had.
But Hecate didn't understand why he did it. Love drove him to do anything for humankind. And love that made him want to protect Pandora.
"Sometimes you have to do painful things because they are your duty," Prometheus continued. "You're the only woman in the world. Without you, humanity can't continue to exist. Epimetheus will protect and provide for your children, so they have a high chance of surviving. He's a jerk, but he's the best father you could hope for in this world."
Pandora glared at him. "And you think that because you've sacrificed everything for humanity, I should do the same?"
"You're a human! It will benefit your kind!"
"And make me miserable. I don't want to do it."
Prometheus' face turned a darker red than the heat had burned it. "Why? Because you hate sex?"
Pandora nodded her head.
"If I have to, I'll find a way to break out of these bonds and make you enjoy it!" he roared.
Pandora bit her lower lip, making Prometheus' heart thud like crazy. She leaned down close to him, so her hair cascaded like a waterfall, surrounding his face. "Maybe you should try anyway. You didn't do a bad job last time when you kissed me."
Her voice sounded hoarse. She wanted him.
Prometheus tried to clear his head. Don't take the bait. You've never let a woman or anything else cloud your judgment. This was Zeus' plan all along!
His mouth betrayed him. "Then come here and kiss me." His voice was a deep whisper.
She leaned closer and shut her eyes. "Epimetheus told me he'd kill anyone I kissed who wasn't my husband."
"I don't care. I can't die."
"But you could lose your brother."
"Might as well, because he's already lost me!"
Prometheus wasn't sure who kissed who first, but their lips touched and the world around them melted away. The flames burned brightly above them as desire coursed through his body. He felt a strange mixture of pain and pleasure because of the raven and Pandora.
They pulled apart. Pandora covered her red cheeks and turned away. Prometheus shut his eyes. She regrets it.
"What's the matter?" Prometheus asked.
"Your kisses make me feel strange."
Prometheus cocked his head to the side. "What do you mean?"
"They make me feel funny in a weird part of my body." She bit her lower lip and that gesture alone drove Prometheus crazy.
"What are you talking about?" He couldn't think straight with her biting her lip enough to comprehend what she was saying.
She grabbed his hand and thrust her hips towards his fingers, so that the tips lightly brushed her womanhood through her skirt.
He wanted to yank his hand away, but he couldn't his tied down arms enough to pull away. "I'm tied down and in pain. I doubt it's possible for me to have sex this way."
"Is that why I feel funny?"
"Yes, you are aroused by me, but you'll have to take that arousal and work things out with Epimetheus. He's free to take care of you-I'm not. You can't love me. My horrible fate is for me to endure alone."
"You don't mean that." Pandora beamed. "I can tell you're lonely when we're not around."
He shut his eyes and opened them again. Was he that transparent? "My feelings were never the important thing when I made the decision to steal that fire."
Chapter 12:

When Prometheus passed out, Pandora left. She was afraid, but Epimetheus was hardly ever home right after sunset. He liked to steal wine from some of the humans after a long day of hunting.
She wanted to ask Prometheus to retrieve her jar for her. Maybe then Zeus would stop being angry with her and come rescue her, but he couldn't help her. He was tied down and sick. She'd have to go to the cave herself.
She stuck to the shadows as she snuck inside. Although it was likely that Epimetheus would spot her anyway, she decided to at least try to camouflage herself. Her efforts were in vain-it turned out Epimetheus wasn't there. Her body sagged in relief.
She reached under the pile of furs she usually slept on and grasped the jar. An electric sensation ran down her spine. The hair on the back of her neck rose as the feeling that someone was staring at her shuddered down her body.
She whirled around. Prometheus sat cross-legged behind her, gazing at her with a dark expression. What was he doing inside the cave?
Pandora ripped the furs off the jar and lifted it into her arms. As it touched her chest, she heard voices whispering, echoing across every wall in the cave. She realized what was happening.
"You're not Prometheus," Pandora said. "You didn't fool me last time-what makes you think you'll succeed now?"
Fake Prometheus put his finger tip to her lips to silence her. She shuddered at his touch. He grabbed her by the nape and pulled her head towards him. Even though she knew it wasn't really him, she wanted to feel his lips pressed against hers. This fantasy of him being free to love her was irresistible.
Heat traveled through her body as she lost herself in the kiss, but a nagging voice in the back of her head insisted on reminding her repeatedly that this man wasn't who he looked like.
She pulled away and glared at fake Prometheus.
His deep, melodious voice greeted her. "I'm sorry for how we treated you last time. We didn't realize that Zeus hasn't shared everything with you."
Pandora narrowed her eyes. "What do you mean?"
Fake Prometheus shook his head. "He didn't even tell you about the power you have over us. We're imprisoned because you want us to be. We do the bidding of whoever controls the jar. I appear to you as Prometheus because that's who you want to see."
Pandora raised an eyebrow. "You're lying to me."
Fake Prometheus shrugged his shoulders. "I doubted that you would believe me, so why don't you try making us do something. It'll show you the truth."
Pandora wouldn't have dignified him with a response in the past, but she was no longer sure who she could trust. She stared at the jar and her forehead wrinkled. She willed the whispering coming from the cave walls to silence. The same electric sensation ran down her spine and slowly, the voices died down. She looked back towards fake Prometheus, her eyes wide.
"The only reason we've ever appeared in the first place," he said, "was because you summoned us."
She stared at fake Prometheus as her voice echoed in her mind: Show me your real form. Show me your real form. Electricity flowed through her body.
She jumped backwards when his smile curled wickedly and his forehead grew horns. His real voice was scratchy, not at all melodious.
"We were imprisoned by Zeus as well," transformed Prometheus told her. "Like Prometheus, Zeus didn't want humanity to have our gifts. We just want to be free to share with the world."
She crawled backwards. She needed to get away from him. He looked at her as if he wished to devour her.
"We wouldn't have threatened you, but we knew that we didn't have much time."
The air in front of her flickered and a woman who looked like her twin was curled up into a ball and moaning. Her legs were broken and her stomach was bleeding. Epimetheus stood over her and kicked her. She vomited a small puddle of blood onto the floor beneath her.
"Epimetheus will kill you if you don't release us. We've seen how he treats you and we know who you wish to be with, but Prometheus can't always save you from his wrath. We will fix everything and help you start your relationship with your true love. All you need to do is release us."
The whispering returned across the caves, surrounding her. She realized for the first time that the voices were all begging her to help them. They moaned and some of them were so quiet, it was as if their souls were beginning to wither away.
Transformed Prometheus frowned. "Don't you see how desperate we are for your help? You're our master and you were abandoned here by Zeus as well. Will you save us?"
She covered her ears. "I don't know." She needed time to think. She'd hurt herself again if she had to, but instead she screamed and willed the voices away.
When they faded, she grabbed the jar and ran out of the cave. She wasn't sure she could ever come back and didn't want to risk Epimetheus finding it.
Chapter 13:

Prometheus awoke hours later-sweating and writhing in pain. He hated when he screamed. He always told himself that when the suffering got bad, he'd hold his tongue, but it was too difficult to feel the pain of death without the relief of his soul leaving his body.
As he convulsed, he noticed Pandora sitting in front of him with a jar in her hands. She stroked it lovingly, as if she were holding a baby. Her eyes had circles under them and she was rocking back and forth. She looked down at the jar, nodding her head as if it was speaking to her. Her eyes were glazed over.
"But I can't open you," she said.
She was silent for a moment, holding the jar to her ear as if she was listening to something inside it.
"Who are you talking to?" Prometheus struggled to form the words.
She didn't answer him. Instead, she stared at the jar. "I see how much he is suffering, but I can't stop it." She laughed hysterically at nothing.
She paused again. "I don't trust you enough to allow you to save him. I've seen your real form."
What had happened to Pandora in the short time the two of them had been separated? He didn't recognize her anymore.
The jar was glowing. Prometheus' eyes widened as he recognized the link to the portal he had trapped Thanatos inside of. How had Zeus known? It looked just like an ordinary jar.
Pandora had just been a distraction to the real curse-the jar she held.
He spasmed again as the raven buried its beak deep inside him. He screamed at the top of his lungs. He needed to keep her from opening 
it, but he couldn't stay conscious. The world grew black.

---

When Prometheus awoke again, he could see nothing but a black void. There was no moon and no stars. There weren't even flames above his head. At first he thought he had gone blind, but at least the pain of the ooze that dripped from the raven's mouth no longer burned his belly. He was free to heal as quickly as any other immortal.
He could tell he was still lying on top of the same cliff. Dirt surrounded him and rocks pressed against his back as they always did.
He moved his arms. His chains were gone. He was free, but it made him uneasy. He stood.
He snapped his fingers and a tiny light exploded onto the tips like a torch.
He heard a woman breathing shallowly next to him and moved his hand to illuminate Pandora's wide eyes, shadowing them in a spooky way.
"Turn it off," Pandora whispered.
He obeyed her and then wrapped his arms around her. She fell like a rag doll into his grasp.
"Why is there no light?" he asked.
Pandora's voice shook. "When they see the light, they charge towards it."
"Who's 'they'?" Prometheus asked.
The snip of scissors cut through the silence. Pandora screamed and clung to Prometheus. He ran his hands through her hair and found some of it missing.
Something sniffed the air and reached for her. Prometheus growled, shoving their hands away. He yanked her behind him, ready to charge forward.
"Get away from her." He shook all over, his hands tightening into fists.
A cackle filled the air in response. He punched towards it, but the sound was teleported somewhere else. He was laughing farther away now.
He knew that cackle, the sniff, and the snipping. Death or Thanatos as he preferred to be called, always cut his victim's hair before he claimed their life.
How did he get free? Prometheus locked him up for a reason. Prometheus wanted humans to die of old age-not randomly and tragically. Thanatos thought death was some kind of gambling game. Zeus promised that if humans had to die, it would be under Prometheus' terms.
Prometheus tightened his fist. Another lie. He shouldn't have been surprised.
Pandora must have freed him somehow using the jar she was holding when he passed out. It must have been a portal to their prison. Prometheus shut his eyes slowly. This was bad.
Still, this was more than Death could do on his own. She had unleashed other things. He wasn't foolish enough to fight Prometheus once again by himself.
Prometheus had brought him back to life. He couldn't kill people unless he was undead, so how did he have his powers back?
The cackling disappeared. Pandora was safe for now.
Prometheus heard a noise in the distance breaking through the ringing silence. He grabbed Pandora and walked closer to where he knew the edge of the cliff was. He made sure to shuffle slowly forward. Although he wouldn't die from the fall, Pandora wasn't safe from it. He'd feel the edge of the cliff pressing against his heel before he saw it.
He needed to listen more closely, so he could piece together what was happening. The sound had grown louder. It was men screaming. Some kind of war was taking place below and humanity was losing. The sound of metal objects swinging through the air, bodily fluids splattering, and people moaning met his ears. He was glad not to witness it with his eyes.
Pandora was sobbing. "I didn't know this would happen."
This was a cruel trick. Prometheus had underestimated Zeus. He had not only wanted to trick Prometheus and Epimetheus, but also Pandora as well. This girl's conscience would suffer for the rest of her life for what she had done. Her descendants would be cursed because she released something this terrible and doomed humanity.
Prometheus wiped a tear from her eye. "I'll protect you. Zeus tricked you into doing this. He's always wanted humanity to destroy itself, so he can't be blamed for it. There's enough grumbling among the gods who are loyal to him about attacking the Titans."
"They promised to rescue you if I let them go," Pandora whispered. "When I opened the jar, the chains melted off your body. I ran over to wake you and kissed your cheeks. I didn't even notice the creature approaching us. He had butterflies all over his body; I didn't see how he could harm us when I saw him.
"Chains burst from the ground and wrapped around his waist. He fell back and the raven started pecking him. He was screaming and blood was gushing from him.
"You wouldn't wake up because you hadn't started breathing again yet. I shook you because I knew we needed to do something, but you regenerated too slowly. He died and the Earth shook.
"The butterflies on his body withered away. The raven's feathers fell off as it grew diseased and died from devouring his flesh. His body smelled like it was beginning to rot. The sun started to set, but no stars came out. The moon was gone.
"I clung to you when I saw him move. Similar creatures were emerging from inside the jar. The withered butterflies on his body started to flutter and he hovered over the ground, his wounds healing.
"I ran over and forced the lid back on the jar. It was difficult; I could feel at least one creature struggling inside.
"The sun was gone and the other creatures started attacking anyone with a camp-fire. You woke after all the light was gone. I've been shivering in the dark, terrified that you wouldn't come back to me."
"I'll always be here." Prometheus took her face in his hands. He was lying to her, but he wanted her to feel safe for at least a little while.
This was bad. When he had trapped Thanatos inside that jar, he had been alone. Zeus must have found him and placed other creatures inside as well. He gave the jar to Pandora to open the portal to get what he wanted. Zeus promised never to hurt humans again when he imprisoned Prometheus and he wasn't about to break a promise to a god a second time. The other gods would turn their backs on him if he did. If a human opened the jar and unleashed horrible things on humanity, then Zeus would be guilt-free. Humans would be damning themselves and it was Prometheus' job to save them.
"Don't leave me." He couldn't see them, but Prometheus felt the tears falling onto his fingers. "I destroyed everything to be with you. I can't lose you, too."
He couldn't leave her alone in this state, no matter how much the other humans needed him.
"Cronus, forgive me." Prometheus wrapped his hand behind her head and took her lips in his. He should be rescuing all of humanity. That was his job, but he was finally free to touch her and love her the way he wanted to. He couldn't miss out on this final opportunity to be happy before he was imprisoned again. Besides, he knew she needed him now and she was more important to him than all his creation combined. Guilt flooded through him as men's screams filled his ears. Since when was he choosing someone over his creation? He hadn't even done this for his own brother or Hecate!
The movement of their mouths started out as gentle caresses. Prometheus' nerves were overwhelmed by the softness of her lips and he groaned lustily, but soon, he couldn't restrain himself anymore. He grabbed her by the curve of her back and pressed her body tightly against his. He nudged her mouth open with his tongue and buried it inside. His arousal was pressed into her body. She moaned appreciatively as he nibbled on her ear. They collapsed onto the ground.
He would save humanity. Power zinged through his veins. He would have the girl and still rescue everybody. He just needed to be selfish for a short while, for once in his life. He didn't want to think things through this time. It was best just to act like his brother for once.
He tried to peel off her clothes gently, but became frustrated and wound up ripping them off. She giggled as she pulled down the loin-cloth he wore.
They tumbled around the ground for a while, until he landed on top of her. Their naked bodies were pressed together. They were breathing heavily and kissing each other up their shoulders and onto their faces.
Prometheus gently squeezed and suckled the soft curves of her body. A bolt of desire ran through him as she met each brush of his finger or tongue with a high-pitched sigh. He worked his mouth more vigorously to receive more of these responses. He parted her legs and brushed his knuckles against her. She bucked her hips and moaned, grabbing his wrist.
"What are you doing to me?" Her voice was hoarse.
She should have been frightened to lose her virginity, but instead, she seemed eager. Epimetheus must have done everything wrong. Her desire was intoxicating.
He positioned himself on top of her, between her legs. He kissed her on the lips several times and shivered as her hands ran up and down his back and chest.
Butterflies filled his stomach. It seemed that she wanted him, too, but he had to make sure she was ready. He couldn't make the same mistake his brother had when he beat her. Even though he'd never have this opportunity again, he wouldn't enjoy it if it was against her will.
He pulled away, expecting her to slap him in the face. "Are you okay?"
"I'd like you to make love to me." She sounded giddy.
There was his answer. He wasted no time and thrust inside her. Perhaps he should have been gentler, but it was difficult to restrain himself. She shifted and cried out as she lost her virginity beneath him. He had hurt her and for that he felt guilty. He froze in place, unsure how to proceed from here, until she wrapped her arms around his neck and brought his lips down to hers.
"Please, continue," she murmured into his mouth.
This time he was gentle. He grunted as he held back with every thrust. Soon her hips were moving to meet his and their bodies danced in a faster rhythm. She grabbed him by the shoulders and arched her back, so her breasts pressed into his body. He grabbed her by the hair and they both cried out as they finished.
He collapsed on top of her and wished to hold her, but he couldn't. The moment had ended too quickly, but he couldn't dwell on what he was losing. It was time for him to save humanity. It was time for him to let Pandora go.
Chapter 14:

"Wait!" Pandora called after Prometheus. The absence of his body against hers left her cold in the darkness.
He didn't respond and an empty feeling sunk into her chest. She felt around the ground for her clothing. Once she found it, she put the scraps back on as well as she could. She stood.
She was about to yell for him again when a deep cackle exploded into the air next to her ear. She could feel the creature's breathe on her neck and she froze in her tracks. Maybe if she didn't move, it wouldn't attack her. If only she could see, then she'd attack it first.
A bright yellow light burst upwards from the bottom of the hill. It was shaped like a man and it took Pandora a moment to realize that it was Prometheus. He ran wildly and screamed. He looked like a moving, breathing meteor, soaring through the darkness. He was covered in fire.
What was he doing? The demon next to her became entranced with the flame, like a bug drawn to light. Already, about ten creatures were on him and more piled all the time. They snarled as they pounced.
Blood dripped from the demon that had been about to hurt her. His arms flapped unnaturally with his movements, as if they were barely attached to his body.
From Prometheus' hand burst a flame that took the shape of a sword. Pandora clasped her hands together anxiously. He swung the sword and chopped off the bloody demon's head. Another demon roared and ripped off the entirety of his shoulder. As it grew back, Prometheus grinned at the demon and charged.
Another demon halted Prometheus' movements. The demon looked frail and wherever he walked, the plants around him wilted. He wrapped his arms around Prometheus' face and sucked the muscles out of his neck, until he looked slender from starvation. Another demon that was grotesque, misshapen, and oozing made boils explode across his skin. Another with the head of a fly made locusts lay eggs in the pus. But none of it hurt him. Pandora had forgotten Prometheus was immortal and that the absence of the green drool from the raven allowed him to heal faster.
The demon's head that had been cut off rolled towards his body. The bloody flesh stitched itself back together. The demons were immortal, too.
Pandora wanted to help him, but knew she'd get in the way if she tried. She stubbed her toe against something as she walked forward. It was the jar. Electricity shivered down her spine.
A high-pitched voice greeted her. "Help me and I can help you."
Pandora froze and her face twisted. This sounded familiar and not in a good way.
"I know you're there," the high pitched voice continued.
It talked like the pretty fairies in Mount Olympus did, but she knew this was no fairy.
"Leave me alone," Pandora growled and backed away.
"My name is Hope," the creature said. "I'm still stuck in the jar. You closed the lid over me before I could help bring peace to Earth."
Pandora crossed her arms. "Do you really think I'm going to fall for that again? Your friends promised me things as well, but at a cost too large to be worth what I've done."
The high-pitched voice sounded teary. "You don't understand. I'm the spirit of hope. The only way the human race can get through these plagues is if you unleash me. I'm larger than the other creatures, big enough to touch everyone's hearts, so it was difficult for me to escape. I didn't get out before you closed the lid."
Pandora lifted the jar and grabbed the lid. "Do you want me to open it?"
"Please!" the high-pitched voice said. "I can make everything better. I promise."
Pandora stared through the darkness at where she thought the jar was. Electricity ran down her spine. Did she still have the power to do this?
The jar disappeared into thin air. She had willed it into non-existence. She should have felt relieved, but instead, she trembled all over and collapsed. The hole in her heart increased and tears flooded down her face.
She had no idea what she had done, but it had been damning.
She tried to will the jar back. She could undo it, but no matter how hard she concentrated, no electricity ran down her spine. The depression in her grew as she realized that she'd never see that jar again.
Hope was gone.
Chapter 15:

The demons piled on top of Prometheus until he could no longer move. They were shorter than him, only coming up to his shoulders, but their numbers were overwhelming. He closed his eyes and let his body grow until he was back to the size of a Titan. He grabbed a demon off his shoulder and squished it in the palm of his hands. Its horns didn't even prick his skin. Its red flesh was stained with black blood. He hadn't felt this strong in a long time.
The demons were like annoying bugs biting him now, but they swarmed him. It was only a matter of time before they would overpower him.
A few clung to his belly, ripping and clawing inside him, similar to how the raven pecked at him with such determination that he eventually broke into the skin. He wanted to rip them off and smash them like a tick, but instead he let the flames surrounding his body attract and devour them.
He needed to keep them away from the humans, no matter what it cost him. The humans. He shut his eyes painfully.
Bones crunched beneath his feet as he walked towards the forest. As a giant, he could get to his destination faster, but he was also crushing the bones of the dead. He forced himself not to look at the broken bodies of his creation beneath him-their glazed over eyes and bloody faces. He couldn't focus on the loss. He had to put all his energy into rescuing those who were left.
He had been selfish. He should never have behaved like Epimetheus. He loved Pandora, but he should have given up his one chance to be with her in order to rescue more of his creation. He looked down. Every grim face with glazed over eyes drove a nail of guilt into his abdomen. The raven might as well be devouring his liver while he fought. This was his fault.
Even though he couldn't die permanently, the demons piled on him so quickly now that they were slashing into his body faster than he could regenerate. He groaned with every step he took as pain like a hundred needles sliced into his skin. They were gnawing him apart and although they screamed from the pain of the fire, they didn't die permanently. He had to do something before he was overpowered and passed out.
He needed his brother here to help him, but he knew why he wasn't there. Epimetheus was probably looking for Pandora, so he could protect her. He was the type of man who would abuse his wife, but not want anyone else to harm her.
Prometheus walked through the trees and left a trail of fire behind him as the forest started to burn. A rush of adrenaline ran through him and the flames grew brighter than ever. He could see the desert ahead; it wasn't a long walk when he was this large. He'd reach the desert at end of the world and then he'd throw himself off into the Underworld.
The wind blew harder as he neared the edge. Soon he and the creatures were covered in dirt and sand. They ripped his eyelids off, so that he couldn't shut his eyes against the bits of rocks that blew in them. He choked on the air thick with dirt and let his feet walk over the edge. He flung his limbs wildly as gravity took over and pulled him down hundreds of feet.
The demons burrowed into his flesh like maggots. The adrenaline that pumped through them from the fall fueled their strength. Prometheus cried out, but the tearing of his flesh wasn't what hurt him the most. Hecate's expression was what hurt him.
Her back was rigid as she held her cobra up in the air. Her other fists were clenched and all her muscles were tensed, but her eyes told him everything. She still loved him and it hurt her to see him sacrificing himself again for humanity. Neither of their hearts had changed, even after all these years. He had suffered for humanity a lot, but he wasn't done with them still.
The dogs howled and barked as he raced towards the ground, ready to devour his body on command.
He landed with a splat at her feet and all the bones in his body broke. His last thought was how he hoped she would find a way in her heart to overlook the things he had done and lock up these demons in the Underworld. They would still terrorize humanity, but without direct access, they wouldn't be as strong.
The world went black.

---

When Prometheus awoke, it was so dark, he wasn't even sure his eyes were open. There were no stars or moon. All he could hear was his own breathing. He wasn't being smothered by demons anymore. There was no raven pecking him. His body no longer ached. He was lying on the hard ground on his back.
Hours must have passed, but he was no longer sure where he was until a crack of light broke against the horizon. He did it! He was still in the Underworld, but at least the darkness was over.
The demons would become servants of Hades. It wasn't the best solution. Hades enjoyed chaos and death-he'd allow them to roam free in the Underworld-but they'd be subdued. Humanity would be struck with plagues, famines, earthquakes, and more, but as a whole, it would continue to reproduce and survive.
Prometheus nodded at Hecate and she nodded back. Her dogs snarled, which made Prometheus laugh. They always hated him.
Hecate's eyes were teary and a part of him wanted to hug her because she obviously missed him, but neither of them spoke. He knew that Hecate wished things could be different, but there was no point in lying to her because they never would be.
Hecate's face warped and her snake turned into a key. This was going to hurt, but it was the only way for him to get back on Earth again.
A bright light exploded from the key and he was flung through the air and back on Earth. His body ached all over from the penetration of the light. He was dizzy. Everything spun around him as he landed. He tried to walk, but not only did his legs ache, but he couldn't tell which way was up or down. He vomited on the ground and impatiently stumbled. He still had some things left to finish. This determination gave him the strength in his torn muscles to stand.
He shrank himself again and walked a long time as the sun rose. The sky glowed golden in color because the sun wasn't as bright as it used to be. Everything was cast in shadow. He had work to do.
When he came across a man who was naked, shivering, and covered in blisters, he touched the earth near him. His skin no longer glowed silver; it sparkled with bronze flakes in the light of the torch he had conjured from his left hand. This was a new race of humans. The Silver Age was gone-the Bronze Age was here.
An aloe vera plant burst from the ground where Prometheus had touched it. He pulled off one of the leaves and rubbed it across the man's body. The man slowly relaxed at the touches and his eyes lit with intelligence. "I give you the gift of medicine and healing. Disease will spread through humanity, but you and your descendants will discover ways to fight and kill these plagues."
He came across another man, crying in the dirt. There were two men beside him. All of them were bleeding, but the two men were fighting with each other over a piece of meat.
Prometheus shook his head and smiled. It had only been hours since the end of the world had almost taken all of humanity, but here they were once again fighting to feed their bellies. It was what he loved about his creation-their resilience during adversity. Even when everything was thrown at them, they would get up moments later and try to carry on if they could.
He kissed the cowering victim on the lips. The man was shocked, but accepted his kiss platonically. Prometheus pulled away and stared into the man's eyes. "You will use those lips to bring peace to the world. You will be a diplomat and your tongue will be used to end wars."
He took sticks and piled one on top of the other until he built a type of hut. He threw a blanket of fur on a cold man and carried him into the hut. "You will build shelter, to protect yourself and others from natural disasters."
He smeared fat from the corpse of a man onto the hands of a living one and then pressed his palm into the earth. Stocks of wheat burst from it. "You will till the ground for food to prevent hunger."
He took a hefty rock and handed it to a man. "You will use tools like these to improve the human race."
He spit on his hands and rubbed it on another man's forehead. "I give you the imagination to create things like the gods do and improve the human race with your inventions, until your powers rival those of the gods."
That was the last gift he had to give humanity in order to help it survive. He didn't want to leave, but he felt tugging on his flesh. The higher the sun rose, the more everything looked normal. But humanity still lacked true light and fire.
The raven's corpse was probably twitching back to life and would chase him until he returned willingly. He climbed up the mountain and heard a caw crying for him.
This was his destiny. He could feel the power of the fire flowing through his body. It was the power that would lead humanity to greatness.
When he reached the top, he saw the crow flying overhead. Chains burst from the ground and covered his body. They pulled him until he was lying on his back again. He grunted and shut his eyes. How much crueler this punishment felt now that he had experienced relief from it for a while.
The crow pecked into his abdomen for the first time again. It didn't break through the skin, but he still cried out in sorrow over his suffering.
But at the same time a shudder ran through him as the sun burst bright and yellow. It stung his eyes, but its power warmed him. The campfires that had been snuffed out below burst into flames.
Zeus had won for now. He had unleashed horrible things on humans that would make them dependent on him. They would cry out to the gods for mercy during their suffering, but unfortunately, their voices would rarely be heard. Prometheus was back to being punished and could protect them from nothing. Their fate was in their own hands.
He took a deep breath and looked to the sky where he knew Zeus was probably watching him smugly. "Things will change!" he roared at the top of his lungs. He got no response and he expected none. It would take some time to fix everything. He felt spent after all that effort, but knew he had a long road of fighting ahead of him.
A high-pitched scream tore through his heart. For a moment, he was transported back to the first time he was forced to endure this punishment. Hecate had cried out in horror over it and begged him to give in to Zeus' demands.
He lifted his head as high as he could and saw Pandora running towards him. Tears were streaming down her face and although he couldn't understand what she was saying, he knew she was pleading for his release from the desperate tone of her voice.
He could handle this punishment, but he was no longer sure she could. He saw from the devastation on her face that she had hoped the two of them would be together forever. And just like with Hecate, he had chosen humanity over the love of his life's happiness.
His heart welled up in his chest. For the first time ever, a part of him regretted his decision. Why did he always wind up in this place?
She collapsed by his side and he saw the craziness in her eyes. She was gasping between sobs and clinging to his arm.
"This is all my fault," she whimpered. "I hurt you and everyone. I made nothing better."
He wanted to grab her by the face and stroke it gently as he gazed into her eyes. He needed to reassure her, but his arms were strapped down. If he stretched his fingers really hard he could barely stroke the tip of her fingernails. He couldn't let her suffer through this pain as he'd made Hecate suffer.
"It's not your fault." Prometheus' voice was soft. "This was between me and Zeus. He wanted to prove to me that humanity was weak. If he gave one of you a jar that held something dangerous inside it and one of you opened it-therefore destroying humanity-then the other gods would say it was your own fault you were destroyed. He tricked you so that people would say that your curiosity was what destroyed the Earth.
"He wanted to prove humans were weak by having them construct their own downfall. He is afraid of you and the power you hold. Humanity was made to resemble the gods and every day, you become more like them."
Pandora sniffled, tears still running down her cheeks. "So then it is my fault? I fell for Zeus' entire plan."
"No." He wished he could crush her in his arms. "I saw the look in your eyes before you opened that jar. It was the same expression on my face the night I stole the fire from Zeus. You knew what you were doing was crazy, but you did it out of love. That's a strength, not a weakness."
Before he even realized that she was moving, Pandora had grabbed him by the back of the head and was pressing her lips against his. Their mouths fought as they battled their feelings and their passions. Pandora shuddered as her mouth explored his and he could tell by the movements of her body that she was aroused.
More than anything he wished to grab her by the waist and throw her to the ground. He would thrust her with enough passion to make her sore by the morning.
But he couldn't move. He couldn't have anything he wanted to have with her and he knew over time that it would kill her to realize this. She had a job to do-to populate the Earth with humans before Zeus destroyed them all.
He couldn't give her marriage or children, but at least he could give her peace of mind.
Before he could regret it, he focused his powers on her mind. As they kissed, he knew he needed to use the fire inside him to erase her memory of him. Tears ran down Prometheus' cheeks as he concentrated on the heat. He just needed to find the right place in her brain to melt and erase, and then she'd forget that she was ever in love with him. It was as if he was touching the canals of her mind and her every thought was beautiful. He found the part he needed to erase and she screamed as he burned her memory away.

---

The apocalypse changed Epimetheus.
Pandora had searched for Prometheus while he was fighting the demons and on fire. She found Epimetheus being ripped to shreds instead. As he screamed, she squinted her eyes in the dark, barely illuminated by Prometheus' flaming body in the distance. She found his axe and she was able to raise above her head from an adrenaline rush, cutting several of the demons in half with. She freed Epimetheus and he held her, amazed that she had come back to rescue him after he had almost raped her. She didn't move, even as she was quickly covered by his blood, until he fully healed.
He didn't tell her, but that heroic act changed his view of women. Maybe all of them weren't bad. Maybe only a few of them were. Pandora had the opportunity to hurt him with the axe while he had been weak, but she had done the opposite. She should have wanted revenge and to escape, but she rescued him instead.
Prometheus could see the change in his eyes and his demeanor when he came to visit. Prometheus didn't have to see Pandora to know that Epimetheus no longer beat her.
Epimetheus was still sad over what had been done to him as a child, but the bitterness was dissolving. Prometheus was happy that Pandora had been able to accomplish something he had tried for years to fix and failed.
Epimetheus also came over often with stews and fried fish that he would allow Prometheus to have bites from. He was allowing Pandora to cook now and letting them sit by the fire to keep warm at night. A part of Prometheus wanted the two of them to have all the comforts this world provided them, but another part of him felt as if he had lost his best friend. Even Epimetheus had given up hope that Prometheus' punishment would ever end and accepted its continuation as inevitable.
A year later, Epimetheus and Pandora welcomed their first child into the world-a daughter named Pyrrha. This was more painful for Prometheus than he expected it to be.
Epimetheus brought her with him alone, saying he could barely separate her from her mother. When Prometheus asked why Pandora hadn't come as well, Epimetheus shrugged his shoulders.
Pandora had a mental block when it came to Prometheus. Whenever Epimetheus mentioned his name, she would change the subject. She never wanted to visit or even hear about what he was up to. That part of her brain had not only died, but was resistant to coming back again.
And when Prometheus looked into his niece's eyes and saw his own eyes reflected at him, he knew all that he had truly lost. Of course his brother's child would resemble Prometheus as well, but it hurt to see it. Tears pricked the back of his eyes as pangs of jealousy filled his stomach. He wanted to father Pandora's children, but this was for the best.
Humans began to move away. They got tired of hearing him scream at all hours of the night and day from the pain. Soon the world collapsed around him. Everything except for Atlas' island and Prometheus' cliff fell into the ocean. Humans spread across the Earth as they reproduced and populated the dry land. They married Pandora's daughters.
Epimetheus, Pandora, and Pyrrha were the last to leave. Every day that Pyrrha came to visit him, Prometheus' heart swelled. He could see so much of Pandora in her smile that it was almost like having his true love with him.
Zeus had forgotten one important detail. By giving the first woman to a Titan, he had guaranteed that all human beings would have at least a little bit of Titan blood in their bodies. Titans hated the Olympians so strongly that they spread it through their descendants.
Zeus always underestimated humans, but now with the abilities Prometheus had given them and the Titan blood they held, they would overthrow him with time.
Pandora would be long dead when the Olympians were overthrown and wouldn't remember him, but Prometheus would remember her. He would travel down into the Underworld as it was destroyed and fetch her soul, create her a new body, and keep her forever by his side. He would make sure she was born into a stronger body, one that could live longer, and given a new name. She would be his forever.

More Stories From E.B. Black ,

MEDUSA'S DESIRE-FATE OF EROS # 1 (Read the first three chapters for free at the end of this book)

When Medusa was beautiful, finding a man to love her was easy. Poseidon fought for glances from her heavy-lidded eyes against suitors who proposed whenever she left her house. Even goddesses weren't treated with such worship.
Athena grew jealous. She allowed Medusa to be violated in the Parthenon and turned her into a monster for her indiscretion.
Now when Medusa stares into the eyes of men, they scream as their skin hardens into stone. A caress against her cheek will be rewarded with the poisonous bites of the snakes that slither on her head.
No man is brave enough to approach her, until Perseus is ordered by the gods to kill her.
When they meet, desire sizzles between them. They are willing to risk it all-death, the wrath of the gods, the destruction of their families-if it means they can spend one more night together.

-Available only on Amazon-

REVENGE FOR SISYPHUS-FATE OF EROS # 2 (Coming Soon)

Sisyphus was born a mortal, but knows that fate will lead him to become a god. He announces this to Zeus and gets thrown out of Mount Olympus. Their laughter rings in his ears.
Don't they understand how hard it is to win the love of a woman? His wife slept with Poseidon-he has a high standard to live up to! She says that all she wants in a husband is someone that is nice to her, but Sisyphus knows those words are rubbish.
When he tricks Thanatos into tying himself up in Hades, death ceases to exist. Sisyphus comes back to earth, throwing knives at his friends to show them that even if they bleed out, they can't die. A race of undead emerges; the world is thrown into an apocalypse. The gods stop laughing as mere men become immortals.
His wife screams at him to stop, but he knows her words are foreplay. Who wouldn't be impressed by an army of zombies?
The gods are powerful, but Sisphys is clever. Either they make him a deity or he makes them mortals. He'll have all he wants.

FOR YOUR TOUCH (Coming Soon)

Henry Jorgenson was diagnosed with schizophrenia shortly after his father's death. Since he was a child, he has been plagued with the knowledge that he is a fictional character. There is a beautiful woman that he calls "the reader" who understands him and his thoughts more deeply than anyone else.
No woman he meets compares to "the reader." He is falling rapidly in love with you, even though the two of you can't speak or touch.
His family worries about his "delusions." The doctor has prescribed him pills. He must decide whether he wants to leave these "fantasies" behind or if he wants to embrace a relationship that could compromise his entire existence.

ALSO COMING SOON

Varicia waited until she was in her twenties before receiving her first kiss. It had to be perfect-the right guy and the right setting. The moonlight is bright and his lips are soft. It was everything she pictured, until she opens her eyes and screams.
He collapses on the ground, veins bulging and body seizing. A black ooze fills him. She touches her lips and feels her fingers tingle with death.
She buries his body in the ground, but finds the ground uncovered the next day. She'll receive the death penalty for killing him! It was an accident, but no one will care.
The truth is, her boyfriend has emerged from the grave. He refuses to move on, until she can admit that she loves him. No matter who he has to hurt or what he has to do, he'll hold her heart within his hands. Even if he has to give up his soul to retrieve it.

Learn More About E.B. Black by visiting her at her website: http://www.ebblack.com/

Or Follow her on twitter @writerblack or visit her facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ebblackauthor 

Contact her by e-mail at deathauthor@live.com

And don't forget to leave a review!
FREE SAMPLE OF MEDUSA'S DESIRE

Chapter 1

She prayed to be rescued, but her god raped her instead.

---

Earlier…

"I'm tired of your attitude," Phorcys, Medy's father, said. "You need to be taught a lesson."
Medy barely dodged the vase he threw at her head. It shattered into clay pieces behind her. Maybe she should have held her tongue, but he was taking their dinner money and leaving them to starve. Her father inched towards her as she backed up against the living room wall.
Her blue eyes flashed. "Maybe I'd treat you like a man if you would act like one. Or is throwing vases how you earn respect?"
He hiccupped as he stared at her. He was drunk again. "Get over here and say that. See what happens."
Before she could retort, he charged her, hands outstretched. She dodged to the right of his clumsy attempt to choke her.
Medy crossed her arms. "And you wonder why I hate being in this family."
"I provide for you, don't I?" Phorcys puffed out his chest.
"Actually, you don't. We take care of ourselves, selling all our stuff to pay your debts!" She stomped in the direction of her room.
Her mother, Ceto, was already on her hands and knees, scooping up the broken pieces of the vase. She could have sold it for several drachmas. The family was running out of valuables to pawn to pay off gambling debts. Medy refused to help her.
Instead, she sat on the bed in her room and brushed her soft hair. The golden strands got caught in her comb. She waited for her mother to give up on fixing the vase and follow. Ceto closed the door behind her.
"I'm leaving," Medy announced.
"Again?" Ceto sighed. "You wander the streets too much. People are starting to gossip."
Medy stripped off her clothes and reached for the violet chiton, or short robe, folded in her closet. "I have to fetch some water. We don't have servants to do it for us now."
Ceto pressed her lips together, accenting the wrinkles on her face. "I know you're angry with your father, but you come from a noble family. You leave for hours, much longer than it takes to go to the watering hole. I know you are up to no good and you can't behave this way if you expect to find a husband."
Medy pulled out two brass clips from her dresser and fastened the shoulders of her chiton together. The soft folds flowed over her full curves. "I don't want to find a husband. Father ruined your life through marriage and I refuse to be destroyed in the same way."
"You're a fool," Ceto spat. "Without a chaperone, you could be raped. Even servants travel in pairs to protect their virginities, but you're practically begging for it."
Medy narrowed her eyes. "The only way a man will ever have me is against my will. They might as well come and get it."
She didn't mean a word of what she was saying, but was tired of the nagging. Her mother thought Medy's good looks were a waste and she agreed. Medy hated how men would turn to stare at her and proclaim that she had eyes so blue they must have been kissed by Poseidon. She didn't care whether her hair glowed like Apollo's or whether she had the body of Aphrodite. She wanted to be left alone to live her life how she pleased.
Ceto had once been beautiful like Medy, which allowed her to marry above the farmer's station she'd been born into. When she met Phorcys, he hadn't been the laughingstock of the upper class. She married for money and not love, but now she was old and wrinkly, her hands callused from scrubbing floors. She wore pretty shoes and clothes to pretend her looks weren't gone, but the truth was both her beauty and money were fading. All that was left was a man who resented her.
Medy splashed some water onto her hands and feet to wash the dirt away. She almost didn't bother. The roads were dusty and she'd be filthy again in ten minutes.
"Please try harder for me." Ceto's lower lip quivered. "You don't know what it's like to go hungry. When you depend on the rain, sometimes there are droughts and you don't eat. I can't be forced into that life again and you could never handle it."
Medy's heart squeezed. She could hear the trembling in her mother's voice. "I don't care," she lied.
"Aischylos seems to like you," Ceto continued as if Medy had said nothing. "He's always staring at you and he's rich. Wouldn't it be nice to marry him?"
Medy hated to see her mother so helpless. In Sparta, women could own land. They knew how to use weapons and could hunt for their own food. She envied them.
It made no sense that Athena would allow this in her own city. Her spear and plate armor showed strength. She went to war with men and made fools of them, but the women in her city were controlled by them.
Poseidon had once tried to bribe the people of Athens with the ocean. Blue and calm, it gave them fish to eat, but Athena gave them olives. They used olive oil to cook everything. This gift was why she was their patron goddess and not him: she had given them the most valuable gift. When Medy ate olives, she thought about Athena's intelligence and strove to be strong as well.
The door opened and Stheno, Medy's dark-haired older sister, limped into the room. "Where are you going?" she mumbled as she squinted at Medy's violet robes. She had poor vision and could see nothing. That didn't stop the look of envy from taking over her face.
"I'm just fetching some water," she said.
"Can I come with?" Her older sister, Euryale, had followed Stheno into the room. She had an upturned nose that made her look like a pig and slender lips pressed together in a frown.
"No," Medy said. She was more protective of her older sisters than she was of herself. Where she went was no place for them to be.
Stheno narrowed her eyes further. "You aren't going to go meet Aischylos, are you?"
Ceto smirked. "Maybe she will."
Stheno was in love with Aischylos. They had played together as children, building forts and kicking over sandcastles on the beach for years. They would still be good friends if Ceto didn't think it was improper for them to be alone.
Unfortunately, Aischylos had forgotten her. During puberty, Medy had blossomed and now her sisters were forced to live in her shadow. They wished to be married, but no one had ever asked. Medy despised the idea, but got proposed to on the streets.
Her mother didn't help their jealousy with the ideas she put in Stheno's head about how Medy and Aischylos were practically a couple.
"I'm not meeting anyone," Medy said.
Ceto stomped her foot. "Why not? If you're going to ruin your reputation, you might as well do it with a man like him!"
Stheno crossed her arms. "You're always gone too long to be doing nothing. You're probably stealing people's husbands and breaking their hearts. Just because you're prettier than Aphrodite, doesn't mean you have the right to hurt people."
Ceto's eyes flashed. "Do not speak blasphemy in this house! You never know who could be listening. Medy is beautiful, but Aphrodite is moreso."
Stheno rolled her eyes.
Euryale swayed on her feet as if she were about to collapse. "I want to come with." She fell to the bed, leaning back with her hand lying dramatically across her forehead. "I'm stuck in this house all the time and I'm bored. Father won't take me anywhere. I promise not to tell anyone about your secret lovers."
Medy grasped the pail. She stood straight and raised her chin. "No man will ever hold that kind of power over me. I have nothing to hide, but I do need to go."
She pushed them aside, her eyebrows furrowed and her stride long.
What Medy was doing was much worse than meeting a secret lover. It would give her mother a heart attack if she had known. She was meeting trouble in the form of prostitutes.
She passed several food stands around the agora. With a bit of money, she bought a loaf of bread. She ripped it in half and took a large bite. She was tempted to fetch her water now. After all, she was thirsty, but she preferred not to bother with it until she was on her way back home.
The crowd surrounding her kicked up dirt as they shuffled past. Several men pushed her aside and she was forced to jump out of the way as a mule walked by. Men shouted from the stands about precious metals, cloth, and weapons. The smell of cooking goat meat hit her nose and made her stomach rumble in pleasure.
A filthy building emerged far ahead. Cithara stood in the front. She was rather pretty for a whore. She wasn't missing any of her teeth or hair. She was slender, but you couldn't see her ribs. Her baby face and black curls were the kind men sought in Athens, but she had few curves to speak of.
Medy handed her the uneaten half of the loaf when she arrived. Cithara promptly gave it back and jiggled her purse. It rattled with coins. "Business has been kind to me lately." She laughed. "I don't need any of your charity today."
Medy's eyes clouded with envy. If only she had control of her own money as Cithara did. She had been forced to beg her father for the one measly coin she had. Prostitutes were the only women in Athens allowed to own possessions, but they were also forbidden to marry, which Medy didn't mind at all.
Her thoughts were interrupted as she was poked in the arm by a nearly naked young man. His ribs stuck out and his limbs were long and gangly. His face was handsome and his grin childish. He had shaved off all the hair on his body with a knife.
"Hello Antonius," Medy said.
"I wouldn't mind a bit of bread," Antonius said. "If you're giving it away."
Medy smiled and handed it to him. "Here you go."
Antonius spoke with his mouth full. "Thanks, Medy. I haven't gotten many customers lately, probably because my body isn't as muscular as it used to be. I don't know if that's a good thing or not. I'm starving, but at least my ass has stopped bleeding. I can sit down again!"
When Medy first met the prostitutes, some of them had been drinking in the tavern. She was shocked by their language, but so fascinated that she engaged them in conversation. They spoke of things she had never heard of and wasn't supposed to know.
Antonius was the son of a prostitute. Most male prostitutes were either runaway slaves or bastards of some kind. They tended to die off young or were forced to live a life of crime when they got too old for men to take pleasure in them anymore. They shaved their faces and bodies with sharpened rocks or knives to make their careers last longer, but that could only get them so far.
Cithara unpinned half of her chiton, revealing her small breast and half of her collar bone as the folds fell to her waist on one side. Several men passing by stared in admiration. A mother covered the eyes of her teenage son. Cithara's shoulder and upper arm were covered in bruises.
"What happened?" Medy asked.
"I got into a fight." She smirked. "This woman was jealous because she found out her husband has been visiting me.
"I got these bruises because she caught me by surprise, but as soon as I recovered, I made sure she'd never return again. If there's one thing besides sex that I can do, it's fight."
Antonius laughed. "I wonder what she would have done if she found out that I'd been fucked by him, too."
"It would have been almost as bad as the time I hid behind that chair when another man's wife came to visit me. I thought she would kill me. It turned out that she had been watching her husband come home satisfied day after day and wanted to try it for herself. I gave her the first orgasm she'd ever received with my tongue. Her husband wasn't too happy-lost both of them as customers in the end."
The three of them laughed. Medy had never experienced an orgasm. She wondered what it was like, but didn't want to seem ignorant by asking them.
"Stop being a good-for-nothing and get to work!" A short woman, very pregnant and clothed in rags, shouted at them. She had emerged from the brothel. "If you're going to be showing off your breasts, save it for the customers!"
Ambrosia was a prostitute who had become so bored since she got pregnant that she started yelling at all the other whores. She didn't get much work now that she was with child, except the occasional fetishist, but normally, she was very good at her job. She had been nicknamed Ambrosia by her clientele because of the tasty flavor they claimed dripped from her nether regions. As good as the drink of the gods, they said.
They were quiet until she wandered back inside. Cithara sighed unhappily. "I hope I never wind up like her. I can't afford a baby. Every morning, after I sleep with a man, I jump up and down so high that my feet touch my ass. It's supposed to dislodge the seed so I can't get pregnant and so far, it's worked."
As they talked, even with half of Cithara's chiton down, a man approached Medy, blind to all but her. He looked her up and down. She cowered under his intense gaze. He grabbed her hand roughly and put some coins into it. "You'll do very nicely."
Cithara yanked the coins away and threw them in his face. "Leave her alone. She's not for sale." She walked up to him and rubbed against him with her top still down. "Me, on the other hand…" She traced along his chest with her finger and fluttered her eyelashes. "…I'm here any time you need me."
"No, thanks. Not for the price I was offering." He shoved her and walked off.
Cithara's eyebrows met as she crossed her arms. She glared at Medy. "You're really bad for business. Not all of us could be born with creamy skin and silky hair."
"I'm sorry," Medy said.
Cithara's face relaxed and she waved her hand. "It's all right. I'm getting kind of tired of this job, anyway."
"What do you mean?"
"I wish I could settle down like a normal woman." Cithara sighed. "I hate the way some of the men force me to do things or handle me too roughly. I want my body to be my own.
"Not to mention that there's this guy I met-"
Medy crossed her arms. "No man is worth losing all this freedom. You can be wealthy, you can be your own person, but not if you fall in love and get married. Then you become someone else's property and any of the money you've earned here through your hard work becomes his. He can beat you, cheat on you, mistreat you, refuse to feed you, and you'll have to put up with all of it, just like my mother. Do you know how much I wish I could be like you?"
"I'd trade lives with you any day," Cithara said. "To be able to marry a rich man-a noble-and never have to work a day in my life again. It sounds like the kind of rest I need."
"It's not as great as you think it is," Medy insisted. "No one's life is."
Cithara shrugged. "I suppose you're right. After all, this guy I fell in love with, he's a slave in Athena's temple. Maybe I would marry him if he were a free man, but as he is, the dream is impossible."
"I thought all people who worked in Athena's temple were to remain virgins for life," Medy said.
"That's only the priestesses." Cithara giggled. "Besides, you'd be surprised at where whores can work their way into." She winked.
Medy laughed.
"Of course, we never actually have sex inside the temple. That would be sacrilegious."
Medy rolled her eyes at Cithara's sudden modesty. "Of course."
Cithara raised one eyebrow. "You know, for all your talk about how you wished you could have my life, I don't believe you. Why not run away and become a prostitute yourself? If you really wanted it, you would have done it by now."
"I can't abandon my family," Medy said. "They'd be forced to deal with my father without me and I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy."
Cithara nodded. "And I think you're kind of nervous about losing your virginity. You've been taught to value it, so it's hard for you to let go. My own father raped me when I was ten. Lying with a man never seemed like a big deal to me after that."
Medy blushed. "It's not that. I just don't like the idea of having something else taken from me. My father already took all the rest of the things I have: money, happiness, freedom. This is the one thing that I have left that no man can have without my permission."
"They can take it from you by force if they want to," Cithara said.
"Not if you're a noble like me."
"Barely a noble, you mean."
Medy glared. "Either way, they won't touch me and I can continue to dangle the thing they all want most over their heads for the rest of the time I am beautiful."
Cithara rubbed her chin. "You know, you gave me a wonderful idea. I know how you can earn a living without being a prostitute and help me with my business all at the same time."
Medy narrowed her eyes, suddenly wary. "What do you mean? How?"
"You know all those men who want to sleep with you?"
Medy nodded her head.
"Well, maybe they would pay for you to watch while they slept with me."
"Sounds easy enough, watching from afar." Medy wasn't sure why that was supposed to be pleasurable.
"You don't know what I mean, do you?" Cithara chuckled. "You'd have to take your clothes off and rub yourself."
Medy blushed again. "Do you mean stroke myself where I think you do? I could never-"
"Oh, come on," Cithara said. "You can't lose your virginity with your finger. A lot of noble women would be cheating on their husbands if it counted as sex. I wouldn't let the customers near you. I'll rip off their dicks if they try. We'd both get paid. You could give your family the money they need and it would all be legal."
Medy knew that Cithara couldn't guarantee her safety. She had seen several prostitutes beaten by men, including Cithara herself, but her heart pounded with the kind of excitement she felt when she knew she was going to do something that was a bad idea. "Won't I lose my hymen, though?"
Cithara's mouth dropped open. "You mean-you've never pleasured yourself before?"
Medy shook her head.
"If you rub just the outer lips of it, you won't damage anything. Besides, it's not like you really need proof of your virginity. You don't plan to get married."
Medy shrugged. "I guess you're right, but I'm unsure."
"Even if you change your mind, you can always stain the sheet with pig's blood. Many less scrupulous women have done the same on their honeymoon."
Medy traced the ground with her foot. "I don't know."
"Come on! Try it one time," Cithara said. "And if you hate it, you never have to do it again. It will be beneficial to both of us."
"Okay."
"Good," Cithara said. "We'll start tomorrow."
Chapter 2

Medy spent extra time the next morning getting ready. Her hands shook as she combed out her hair. She hardly slept the night before. To avoid her family, she had to leave early. She grabbed the water pail and left before any of them woke.
When she arrived, Cithara was there with a white dress clutched in her hands. The material was thin and Medy could see the wrinkles in Cithara's finger joints beneath it.
"What is that?" Medy was pretty sure that any woman who wore the dress in the sun would give a clear view of her bare body to the world.
Cithara raised an eyebrow. "It's your clothing for today."
Medy felt unusually conscious of her nipples and the light pubic hair between her thighs. "I can't be naked in public."
"Of course not," Cithara said. "That's why you're going to wear this. No one will get to see you without it for free. It'll give them enough of a taste to whet their desire."
Medy sighed, wondering what she had gotten herself into.
Cithara smiled. "It may feel awkward at first, but you'll get used to it. Now, let's get you changed inside."
Cithara walked into the building, but Medy froze. She knew the kinds of things that went on in there, but she'd never seen it.
Cithara stuck her head out and waved. "What are you waiting for? Come in! There's nothing to be afraid of."
Medy's feet walked one in front of the other, as though they no longer belonged to her. A more daring woman controlled her movement; she was light-headed and petrified.
As she passed underneath the stony archway, she was hit by the smells of dirt and pleasure. Lamps burned in every corner, filling her lungs with smoke. They flickered and illuminated the gray walls seductively. She heard grunting to the right and saw a naked old man on top of a young woman. She lay on a stone slab and both their faces were scrunched in ecstasy. The doorways were archways into open rooms, where everyone served the clients in full view of anyone walking by.
Another woman stood to the left. She was on her knees in front of a man, sucking on him. Most wives in Athens found this act shameful, but the woman moaned and stared into his eyes.
Medy struggled to shut her mouth, which was hanging open.
Cithara followed her gaze. "This is why men come here. We give them things their wives won't. Our threesome will thrill many."
Antonius was bent in front of a man who cried out with every thrust. The man periodically slapped his butt. Antonius smiled and winked at Medy. He looked so giddy, she was surprised he wasn't laughing out loud. "I'm back in business!" he mouthed and then let out a loud moan, obviously intended for the satisfaction of the customer.
Medy's face warmed; the walls were closing in on her. She wasn't sure how much more she could take.
She heard whimpering up ahead. Someone was in pain. Medy flinched, hoping the job didn't demand her to be beaten by clients. She had heard of men who had fetishes for whips and blood.
"Ambrosia is having her baby!" Cithara announced in excitement and Medy's shoulders relaxed. "She's been in labor since yesterday, swearing because the baby is taking so long to come out!"
Medy struggled not to vomit as Ambrosia's shrilly scream met her ears. Her room smelled like copper and brine. Clear liquid and blood covered the sheets spread on the ground. Her legs were parted. Her face was red and sweaty, her hair plastered to her forehead.
Medy wanted to look away, but the horror of what she was seeing 
wouldn't allow her to. Another prostitute sat in front of her. She must have been the closest thing they could get to a midwife. 
Between Ambrosia's legs popped a bloody head of hair. She shrieked again. Medy gagged and turned away.
They went to a private corner of the brothel and sat down across from each other. Cithara ordered Medy to change her clothes as she pulled several items out of a sack. She took a vial and smeared red liquid over Medy's lips.
"What are you doing?" Medy mumbled.
"Making you look beautiful. I dab berry juice on my face every morning. It gives you more color."
Medy nodded appreciatively. She had always noticed that Cithara's lips were unusually red and plump.
She also handed Medy a necklace. It held a tiny bottle at the end of its chain. She uncorked the lid and smelled roses. Perfume was expensive. She spilled a few drops on her neck and wrists.
"I want you to have this for good luck," Cithara said. "It was given to me by my mother when I was a little girl."
Medy handed it back. Cithara's mother had died a few years ago from a fever. Cithara had scared customers with her crying and punched the teeth out of a man who called her mother a good-for-nothing whore.
"I can't keep this," Medy said.
"I'll be insulted if you don't. Hide it under your clothes, so your parents won't see it, but use it every day before you come to work. Consider it an initiation gift."
The sound of a baby crying filled the air. All the whores stopped what they were doing and ran towards Ambrosia's room-even the ones in the middle of pleasing their clients. They pushed one another out of the way for a glimpse at the tiny, red mess, ignoring the complaints of the naked men around them. Bare breasts and asses were shoved everywhere.
The baby was a little girl. Medy's heart broke as she saw her. From this end of the process, she was beautiful. Ambrosia took the child to her breast and fed her.
Cithara and Medy went outside with smiles on their faces. They wondered whether Ambrosia would let anyone else hold her daughter or be too protective. Medy pretended that she wasn't trying to solicit men, but soon someone approached them.
He was overweight and balding. He smelled like a pig and had the round face of one. Cithara had warned her that some clients might be repulsive. This man fit the bill.
His eyes wandered up and down Medy's body. She had to fight the urge to cover herself; her skin suddenly chilled. Cithara grabbed Medy's hand and spun the two of them around, so he could get a full view of what he was purchasing. He licked his greasy lips.
Cithara demanded money if he wanted to see any more. If she waited for the payment until afterwards, more often than not the men would pull their pants up and run without giving a single drachma. Coins jingled in the man's hand as he dropped them into Cithara's palm. She clenched them and led the way inside.
They stretched out in an unoccupied corner and the man rubbed Medy's shoulder. She leaped out of the way as Cithara slapped his arm. "She is not to be touched. That isn't part of the deal. She only watches."
Medy stared at the ceiling as they stripped naked. She was used to seeing Cithara nude, but was frightened by the man pig. He had rolls of fat. His belly swallowed up his penis in its folds. He jumped on top of Cithara and jiggled in a way that made her skin crawl.
He ran out of breath as he thrust in and out of her. The room smelled like something had died. His skin grew slick from the movement.
Cithara gave her a warning look and Medy rubbed herself fervently. It hurt after a while. She watched the faces Cithara made and tried to imitate them. The whole experience was awful, but was over more quickly than she thought it would be. She was pleased because she could go out and breathe fresh air again.
Cithara split the money with Medy once he left. The weight of the coins lying in her hand made her heart leap into her throat. She had never possessed this much power over her own life and future. The whole thing was worth it.
Cithara crossed her arms. "You're lucky he didn't demand his money back."
Medy's eyebrows met. "What do you mean?"
"You looked like you were in pain."
"You could tell I didn't enjoy it?" She had thought she was doing so well, too.
"Yes," Cithara said. "It's not something you should fake. You need to orgasm for real. You think of someone else. Imagine a beautiful young man with muscles you'd like to stroke. Pretend you're on the beach, rolling around with him in the sand. Use whatever fantasy helps. I think of my boyfriend, Bartholomew."
Medy smiled. "So that's the name of your slave lover boy!"
Cithara's eyes glowed. "Yes. Our love gets me through all of this."
She seemed so happy and it made Medy doubt herself for a moment. Maybe she could find joy with a man as well. She shook the idea out of her head.
Medy knew she should probably leave. She only meant to try this one time, but before she knew it, they had reeled in another man and she was agreeing to go back into the brothel.
This man was young and handsome. In fact, Medy felt jealous of the fact that Cithara would be touching him. His gray eyes were lighter than his tan skin. His blond hair was long, his stubble scruffy, and his body rough and muscular. She felt a warmth pool into her stomach and tighten it. This is what lust must feel like.
She kept her eyes open as they pulled off their clothes. She was satisfied by every inch of creamy skin he revealed to her. She longed to run her fingertips up his abs. She shivered as she wondered what it would be like to kiss him on the lips and the chest. Her breath hitched as he positioned his erection over Cithara. She rubbed herself as he entered her.
She sighed and closed her eyes. She imagined herself alone with him, his heated body pressed against hers as he pleasured her instead. She gasped as her insides contracted. Her nerve endings tingled as she shuddered. The urge to shout in excitement choked her as the waves took over.
This time when Cithara handed her money, her body felt shaky. She would remember this moment so she could daydream about it with other customers in the future.
Cithara smiled. "If you can do that every time, we'll have a lot of good business together."
When she headed home, as the sun was beginning to set, she wondered what to do with the money. She'd hand it directly to her mother, but she'd be questioned on where she got it. Women couldn't make a living through purity.
Already, as it was, her father was sick of "providing" for his family. He threatened to kick them out all the time. Her new job was a good excuse to get rid of her for dragging down the family name and making it hard for him to do "business", which for him was just gambling. Besides, she knew her dad: he'd act like she'd cut his balls off if he knew she was making more money than he had in years.
She bought a pair of fancy shoes on the way, the kind her mother loved to dance in. Ceto had sold most of her pairs and Medy could see the sadness in her eyes every time she did so.
She also stopped by the well and quickly pumped some water into the pail. Juggling the shoes and carrying the water was a heavy burden for one woman, but she would manage. She wished she hadn't lived a life of leisure, so she would have the muscles to drag stuff around more easily.
When she got home, she left both the shoes and the drachmas in her father's room while her parents were fighting. Her father had gambled away the money for the next day's food and Ceto was angry. She announced her return by dropping the big pail of water at their feet, sloshing it around a bit.
She knew her father was too drunk to question it when he found the money. He had been so privileged all his life that he was used to the idea of it popping up out of nowhere. He'd probably think a friend had let him borrow it and assume he'd blacked out the entire conversation. Ceto would find a way to take enough of it to feed them.
Her father complained about what a waste of money his family was, but shut up once he realized that the satchel at his desk was full of it. Ceto found the shoes and gave Phorcys a sloppy kiss on the cheek as she twirled around the room in them. Her father grinned at the feel of her mother's lips. She wished she could punch him for taking all the credit. At least her parents weren't fighting, but he'd probably gamble away at least half the money she'd made. There would be no thanks for selling her body to help them live.
Over the next few months, she threw herself fully into her new business. She pretended to have made some friends and told her mother that the lavish dinners and flowers she came home with were presents from suitors. It wasn't a complete lie and it made Ceto happy. She found a carpenter to fix the roof and a slave girl to clean part-time. She told her mother that Phorcys had hired them. Ceto thought that her husband had suddenly become more responsible.
He still wandered the streets drunkenly as he always did, swearing at his friends until they'd make bets with him over stupid things like dog fights and dice rolls. Not that Medy was doing much to help the family's reputation.
The brothel's dinginess was driving rich customers away. Cithara was negotiating prices with a tax collector one day when Ambrosia ran out of the front door, screaming at the top of her lungs as a naked man ran for his life.
"He sucked the milk from my tit!" Ambrosia said. "That's how I feed my child! If he wanted dinner with the show, then the little shit should have paid me more!"
The tax collector's face twisted in disgust. He ripped the coin purse from Cithara's hand. They had been discussing an alternate form of payment for their taxes and instead they had lost all the money they'd struggled for that day.
"I think it's time we start working for ourselves," Cithara said.
Medy's eyebrows rose. "We can do that?"
Cithara smirked. "You can when you attract customers like we do."
They tested the idea by accepting an invitation to a party hosted by an Eastern merchant. They were given wine to drink that tasted sweeter than the bitter stuff Medy choked down at home. The food was rich with spice and piled high onto their plates. Medy was drunk and full by the time the merchant started to kiss Cithara's neck. He unclipped her chiton and let it fall to the floor, while the other guests grabbed one another and released their passions.
The merchant threw Cithara on the table and fell on top of her. As the room spun, Medy danced to the music strung by the harpist, who, as evidenced by his erection, was fully aroused by the sights. She threw off her clothes and rubbed each curve of her body, enjoying the fact that she had been born a woman. The merchant thrust into Cithara, but kept his eyes on Medy, enchanted by the seductive way she ran her hands over her soft skin. He cried out as he finished.
The girls were given the drachmas they asked for, along with a set of silk dresses and combs. Sleeping with a merchant had its advantages.
The two girls were invited to another party later that week. Medy was surprised to see no other female guests except them. They had only been paid enough to sleep with the host, but the other males stared at their chests.
Cithara looked into the host's eyes and crossed her arms.
"I haven't forgotten the deal," he reassured them.
Medy's knees shook as she sat at the table. The men stared as if she was a piece of meat. None of them made jokes. They hardly spoke and didn't eat. Medy gulped her wine too loudly. Her mind grew hazy from the alcohol.
She frowned. She had only one glass-she shouldn't be this drunk yet. Cithara swayed in the seat next to her; her eyes fluttered. She had swallowed more.
Medy stood and one of the men grabbed her by the arm. "Cithara and I need some fresh air. We'll be right back, I promise." She hoped her lie was believable. She couldn't feel her lips.
The man pulled her towards the table and the world lurched around her. "You look tired. Why don't you rest awhile and then go outside?"
The air was sucked from the room. "No, I need to go now."
Cithara giggled. "Stay. It will be fun." She was slurring her words.
"See? You can't leave-your friend doesn't want to go." The words were meant to be reassuring, but the tone sounded threatening.
Cithara's face turned green. She clutched her stomach. "I don't feel so good." She grabbed the man holding Medy as she passed out. He had to let go so he wouldn't fall on top of her.
In the commotion, Medy hobbled to the door and opened it. The men wouldn't follow because there were too many witnesses outside; still, she wanted to distance herself from them. She ran into a few people who yelled at her and pushed her. The crowd swirled into a sea of angry faces. She called for help, but no one wanted to help a prostitute. She vomited right before the ground met her face. The world went black.
She woke hours later covered in her own sickness. She had shoeprints on her arms and bruises on her body. People had walked on her, not caring whether she were alive or dead. She didn't see Cithara anywhere. Maybe she should go back for her, but she didn't know how much time had passed. She could have escaped already. She might be at the brothel.
When she arrived, there was no sign of her. No one had seen her either. A heavy stone grew in Medy's throat and fell into her stomach, weighing her down. What if she wasn't okay?
"What happened exactly?" Antonius asked her.
Medy hugged herself. "Cithara and I went to a party and I think we were drugged."
Antonius placed his hand gently on her shoulder. "Were you hurt?"
"No, I escaped."
He pulled away, disgust on his face. "And you just left her there to be taken advantage of?"
Medy felt sick. "I was dizzy and I couldn't have fought all those men off by myself. I didn't know what else to do."
"She would never have left you behind." The venom in his voice was unmistakable.
"I'll apologize to her as soon as she gets back."
"You're assuming we ever see her again."
He left her alone. Each thought of the consequences of her actions felt like a punch to the stomach.
An hour later, Antonius and another boy dragged a woman inside. Her skirt was soaked with blood. Her face had been so beaten that it had turned purple and one of her eyes was swollen shut. Bruises covered her arms and legs. Her breathing was shallow. The woman opened her other eye and Medy screamed as she realized it was Cithara.
The whores yanked off Cithara's clothing.
Antonius shook out the bag of coins Cithara carried everywhere to hold their profits for the day. It was empty. "The bastards stole everything. How am I supposed to pay the doctor to see her?"
They washed her clothing and shred it into little pieces before wrapping it around her waist like underwear. They were trying to stop the flow of blood. She had been raped raw.
Medy wrapped a blanket she found around Cithara and felt her forehead. She had a fever. Infection might have already set in. There was a chance she wouldn't make it through the night.
Medy didn't care what her parents thought. She held Cithara for hours and cleaned her bandages. Cithara screamed for Bartholomew more than once. Medy would have fetched him if she knew what he looked like and how to get inside the temple.
Cithara grabbed Medy by the collar, cutting off her air, and screamed about how she'd make them pay. Her grip grew weak and shaky until she collapsed again. Tears from Medy's eyes soaked Cithara's face as she apologized over and over again.
Medy was forced to finally go home. She wasn't even worried that it had grown dark and that men stood in the streets smirking at her because she was out of place. If she got robbed or raped, then she deserved it.
Medy forced Cithara to drink every day that she came over. Neither of them ate anything and they both lost weight. The bruises started to heal, but the tantrums got worse. When she vomited up the water Medy gave her, she was certain that Cithara's death would come, but miraculously the next morning, the fever broke. It took weeks, but she finally recovered enough to stand on her own, although she was weaker than she had been before.
"I need to get to work," Cithara announced.
"No," Medy said. "You need your rest."
Cithara shrugged. "I also need to eat, which I can't do without money."
"I'll buy your food." Cithara sighed. "Don't lie. You're as poor as I am and you can't make a dime without me giving you business."
Medy swallowed roughly and wrapped her arms around Cithara. "I'm more afraid of you being hurt. Aren't you scared after what happened? I can't allow something to happen to you again."
Cithara stroked her hair. "Of course I'm frightened, but what other choice do I have? I must have been destined for this. My dad raped me as a child and it happened again now. It must be my fault if I was violated twice in a life-time."
Medy pulled away. "Don't say that. It isn't true. I'll sell my body instead of you. I don't care about my virginity anymore."
Cithara's voice was gentle. "Yes, you do. I want you to be true to yourself. You were lucky enough to be given choices in life and I don't want that to change."
Tears poured down Medy's cheeks. "You can't do this. It's not fair. I abandoned you when you needed me. I don't deserve to have the things I want anymore."
Cithara's eyes were far away and sad. "I'm glad you left, actually. You would have been hurt, too, and you might not have been strong enough to make it as I did."
Medy had a bad feeling about that day. She kept looking over at Cithara to make sure she wasn't about to collapse. She looked frail enough to be carried away by a strong wind. Medy's mother had warned her many times that women who chose to live on the streets suffered for it and "deserved what they got", but all she felt was sorrow that they had to live in such a way.
A man approached the two women. He smiled and said hello. She could see in his eyes that he recognized her, but Medy couldn't place him. Maybe he was an old customer. Either way, she kept her ignorance to herself.
He laughed as he looked Medy in the face. "You don't recognize me, do you?"
"Of course I do. I'll never forget the time-" She had no idea how to finish that sentence, but something in her subconscious triggered alarms. He wasn't one of Cithara's rapists. She was positive the two of them would have recognized him if he was, but he made her uneasy.
"I think you'd be scared that I'd tell your mother what you are if you truly recognized me."
Medy's face paled. "What do you mean?"
"To think, my son almost married you when this entire time he could have had you for just a few coins." He grabbed her left breast.
Cithara growled and shoved him. With her dark expression and fading bruises, she looked like a creature of the underworld. "Do not touch her without her permission or I'll kill you!"
Medy held her back, knowing that Cithara was reacting this violently because of the way the men had taken advantage of her.
He pursed his lips and raised an eyebrow. "Feisty, aren't you? I should have paid first."
Medy's stomach flipped as recognition hit her. This man was Stynos, Aischylos' father. He looked a lot like his son, except with gray hair and a crooked nose. He gambled with her father regularly and it took the mention of payment for her to recognize him. He always had that same glint in his eye when he spoke of money.
"You're mistaking me for someone else." The stupid lie slipped out of her mouth effortlessly; she had to do something or he'd tell her father.
"No, you're the daughter of Phorcys." Stynos smirked. "You forget that my years of betting have given me the ability to smell when someone's lying to me."
Medy's body went numb.
Stynos slapped her on the back and Cithara gave him a warning look. "It's not as bad as you think. I'm not going to tell anyone, but you may want to stay at home for the next few days. People are gossiping about you. They say that you think you're prettier than Athena and plan to take over the town as head whore. I hope you're not actually telling people that. It could have horrible consequences."
Medy gasped. "I would never speak such blasphemies."
He lifted up both hands. "I'm not here to judge you. Zeus knows that I've done some horrible things for less honorable reasons than making a living."
Medy's shoulders drooped. "Thank you. If my mother and father found out the truth, I don't know what I'd do."
Stynos nodded. "But I think you are about to find out."
"What do you mean?" Medy's heart stopped.
"Stheno was the one who told me. She might have already let your parents know."
Her soul drifted from her body. She gazed down at herself as if she were looking into the eyes of a stranger. It made sense. Her mother was the type of woman who would make up a lie about her blaspheming the gods to explain her crazy behavior.
"I have to go." Her stomach lurched.
He swung his purse in front of her face. "What about me? I have some good coin here and you may need it."
She shoved him and ran down the street, blinded by all but her impending doom. She knocked people over and kicked up dust as she raced towards her destination.
Maybe it wasn't too late. She was providing for her family. They'd understand if she explained herself to them.
Her diaphragm was spasming and her chest was sore by the time she arrived in front of her house. There, on the lawn, lay all the stuff she owned thrown haphazardly on the ground.
She ran up to the front door and yanked on the handle. Locked, the door didn't budge. She pounded on the wood. "Let me in!"
Her parents had to forgive her. Her mother wasn't the type to abandon someone she loved, regardless of what kind of gossip she spread. Besides, they needed her money. They'd been living off it for months. Her heart thudded. Something was wrong; they should have opened the door and tried to talk to her by now.
Her mother peeked out at her through a curtain. Tears were pouring down her face and her left cheek had been bruised. Only one person would have touched her in such a way: Phorcys must have hit her.
"Mom, let me in." Medy's throat felt sore from screaming and crying.
Her mother's mouth drooped as she looked down and shook her head. Medy saw the fear in her eyes. Phorcys must have threatened to kill her and her sisters if they let Medy into the house. A knot welled up in her stomach. Phorcys commanded them to behave respectably even though he was the idiot of the town. He probably thought it was her ruining his reputation. Medy was tired of being blamed.
"Please." She fell to her knees. "You can't do this to me. I'm your daughter. I'll protect you from Dad if he tries to hit you again. Just let me in!"
Ceto's face hardened and she shut the curtain, turning her back on her daughter.
"I'll provide for you better than Dad can. Don't abandon me! I did this for you!"
Medy's screams became unintelligible as she clawed at the door. Her chest was tight and she couldn't breathe. Her family didn't care about her anymore and no matter how much she begged, it wasn't going to change.
Her tears blinded her as she packed a few of her possessions. Most of these things she wouldn't need while living on the streets. Besides, she couldn't carry them all and she didn't want to return later.
She felt the neighbors' eyes on her and even caught one of the slaves staring as she tended the garden outside the house she lived in. The shame of being a whore burned through her body and settled in her cheeks. She had lost everything because of it and wished never to sell herself again, but if she wanted to live, she didn't have a choice.
She took longer to pack than she thought she would. The sun was starting to set once she finished. She heard stories about girls getting stuck on the streets after dark. Some of them got stabbed and others were raped. She wrapped a cloak around her body protectively and then swung her pack over her shoulder.
She could have waited around the yard for her parents to open the door. They'd have to leave eventually to go gambling or fetch some water, but she didn't want to be stuck on the streets until the next morning. She needed somewhere to sleep and the only place she had to go to was the brothel.
As Medy walked, she thanked the gods for Cithara. She was the only true family she had left. The girl would never judge her, regardless of what choices she made in life.
She stuck to the shadows, trying to sneak past the dirty men with swords hanging from their belts as she neared the agora. They chuckled when they spotted her, some even making faces at her. She picked up her pace when a large group of drunk men spotted her. They yelled,"Run faster!" She fled.
The walk to the brothel felt like it took an eternity, but that was partly because the depression was weighing her down. She was exhausted by the time she arrived.
Cithara was standing out front with a few other girls. She took one look at Medy and charged towards her with her arms open. They embraced each other.
"What's the matter?" Cithara asked.
Sobs convulsed Medy's vocal cords. She was barely able to choke the words out. "My parents kicked me out of the house."
Medy could have said more about what had happened, but even though she hadn't spoken the words, Cithara understood the whole thing.
"I'm so sorry." She stroked Medy's hair. Her voice was just a whisper. "This was all my idea. It's my fault this happened to you."
"Don't say that. I didn't have to agree to it. Besides, this whole thing has taught me who will really be there for me when I need them."
Cithara smiled. "You're the closest thing to a sister I have, which is why I refuse to let you stay in the brothel your first night on the streets. It's uncomfortable and you're scared. It will be easier to adjust to the changes slowly." She pulled away and grabbed Medy's hand. "I know a place you can go for the night."
Medy's eyes widened, her heart lightening a little. "Really?"
"Yes," Cithara said. "It has a nice straw bed for you to sleep in, too. It's Bartholomew's room at the temple."
Medy gasped. "Isn't that inappropriate? He's your boyfriend and I'm a woman."
Cithara rolled her eyes. "I'm not one of the nobility. Just because a man and woman sleep in the same room doesn't mean they're having sex. You'd never do that to me. Besides, I've been meaning to have the two of you meet for a while, although I was hoping it would be under better circumstances."
"If only my parents would think so highly of me."
Cithara laughed. "There's one catch, though. You have to be as quiet as possible. Although I know you won't sleep with Bartholomew, the priestesses don't believe that. If they find out the truth, they'll hang both you and Bartholomew for blasphemy. There's no sex allowed in the virgin goddess Athena's temple. Bartholomew and I don't even hold hands while we're inside it."
Medy dug her feet into the ground. "Maybe I shouldn't go then."
Cithara yanked on her arm. "No, I've snuck in there a ton of times. They won't figure it out unless you do something stupid. They don't like to go into the slave quarters because they view it as beneath them. It's just one night; you'll be gone before they notice."
Medy thought about it a moment, tempted. Tonight might be the last night of her life where she got to stay in a beautiful place. Not to mention, she had always looked up to Athena and it would be fitting to begin her new life under the goddess' roof.
"Okay," Medy agreed.
They traveled to the temple. Medy had never been this close to it before. She had always wanted to visit, but it wasn't open to the public. Taking in its beauty, Medy admired the white marble and statues decorating the outside.
They tiptoed towards a side door rather than the main entrance and looked both ways to make sure no one was around. Cithara tapped her fist in a certain rhythm as she knocked. It must have been a secret signal.
A tan young man opened it wearing a huge smile. His black hair shone in the moonlight. "I didn't know you were coming to visit me tonight."
He raced out the door and grabbed Cithara by the waist, kissing her so passionately that Medy blushed. She had seen Cithara do sexual things with men, but none of them had felt this intimate. She now saw love behind the act, something she'd never seen her father or mother share. Suddenly, she understood why poems were written for lovers. She shook her head, most of those verses ended in tragedy. Pleasure was how men tricked women into being owned by them.
Cithara pulled away and gestured towards Medy. "As much as I like seeing you, I actually came over because my friend needs a place to stay."
Bartholomew looked over at Medy for the first time, his eyebrows raised. "Oh?"
Cithara nodded. "Medy, this is Bartholomew. Bartholomew, Medy."
She shook his hand shyly, but he smiled at her warmly.
"I've heard so much about you," he said.
"Really?" Medy asked.
He nodded his head. "Follow me."
Cithara excused herself, saying that the other prostitutes were waiting for her back at the brothel. This would have frightened Medy if Bartholomew wasn't so welcoming. He chatted to her quietly as he led her down a few hallways in the direction of his room. She smiled and whispered, "Thanks for everything."
He opened the door to his room and Medy followed. She jumped when something shifted in the hay, thinking it was a rat. Instead, she saw a man who was so quiet she hadn't noticed him at first. He looked amused at her surprise.
"This is Horius," Bartholomew introduced. "He works at the temple as well. He's mute."
He winked at Medy and she giggled. He had the kind of smile that someone could only have if they were a child at heart. It made her want to get to know him better.
"He witnessed something that he wasn't supposed to," Bartholomew continued. "So they chopped off his tongue."
Horius nodded his head and shrugged. He pointed to his mouth and opened it to show her, but Medy shielded her eyes. "No, I don't need to see it."
They didn't have much for dinner, but they shared what little bread and cheese they had. She was grateful for it because she got insomnia whenever she went to bed hungry.
She had never slept in a pile of hay before, but found the arrangement more comfortable than she expected. She was frightened by the idea of insects hidden inside crawling over her; she'd heard too many stories of bed bugs and lice in hay. The temple didn't take care of their servants well, but they were healthier and cleaner than most in Athens. It didn't seem as bad as sleeping in the brothel on the stone floor.
She stretched her legs. Staying limber would be difficult, cramped that way every night.
The candles were extinguished. She heard Bartholomew and Horius breathing heavily as they fell asleep. Medy tried to join them, but she was too anxious to rest. Her life had been turned upside down. She kept imagining herself dying of hunger on the streets every time she closed her eyes. She remembered her mother once spitting on a prostitute who was sick on the side of the road. Would that happen to her?
She got up, lit a candle that she found, and covered the flame. She was afraid she'd wake someone with her actions, but they continued to snore. She walked out the door, even though she knew it was risky.
The little flame reflected red against the gold that decorated the building. She gasped as she gazed at all the beautiful images carved into the marble. She recognized Poseidon and Pandora, Zeus and Prometheus.
She probably shouldn't have wandered this far, but she was addicted to the beauty. She felt like a mortal who had just broken into Mount Olympus–too humble to walk on such holy ground.
She turned a corner and saw a large statue of Athena. The ceiling was higher than any she'd been under before and Athena's head brushed the top of it. Medy collapsed to one knee. Athena stared down at her, covered in white glory from the marble she had been carved out of. This was her hero. She looked so powerful that it moved Medy.
She wondered whether this was a life-size replica or not. She heard that the gods looked like humans, but were much taller than them.
This was a sign. In the morning, she needed to ask the goddess for advice. She had enough drachmas left to buy a humble sacrifice. It would pay for a dove and Athena would grant her the fearlessness and wisdom she needed to move on. Just standing in the same room with her statue was inspiring.
Feet shuffled behind her, causing her to jump and spin around. She grabbed her heart, expecting screaming men holding swords to burst through the shadows. She had been caught and Cithara's boyfriend could be killed. She'd just have to lie-say she broke in by herself, so that no one else would be punished. If she had been more patient, maybe Bartholomew would have let her peek into this room in the morning.
When no one emerged, she held her candle towards the corners of the room where the darkness was most thick. "Who's there?"
No one answered and her heart slowed. She allowed her tense muscles to relax. It must have been a mouse. Virgin priestesses and soldiers didn't like to sneak up on people in the dark. They viewed themselves as worshippers and warriors of the light.
This was her cue to leave. She turned around to admire the statue once more and blew it a kiss goodbye. Her breath caught in her throat. She wished she could see the goddess in person just once. She didn't deserve such an honor, but knew she'd never be the same again if it happened to her.
An arm wrapped around her waist and a hand covered her mouth. She tried to scream as she struggled, but every noise she made was muffled. She was lifted from the ground, kicking and punching as a male body pressed into her back. Her face was shoved against the floor and her legs parted. Her body ached as her bones cracked under the pressure of being smooshed against the hard floor.
Had one of the servants noticed her? They didn't seem like the kind of people who would attack someone. Maybe a criminal had broken inside. But he seemed too strong to be just one human. Who was this and what did he want from her? Was she going to die?
He lifted her dress and immediately tears flowed down her face. No, he couldn't possibly want that. She refused to give it up to a stranger. She beat her fists against the floor and tried to crawl away. She deserved to keep this one thing after all she'd lost.
The smell of the sea overwhelmed her and made it hard to breathe. He was pinning her down so tightly that she couldn't move forward. His skin was slick and covered in sand. It tingled where he touched her as power radiated off him. Much taller than a normal man would be, he could crush her with his bare hands.
His erection was huge. As it pressed against her entrance, she wondered how it would be possible for him to fit it inside. She begged for him not to do it, imagining the blood that would result, but he ignored her. It felt as if he was ripping her in half as he filled her up. He might as well have been pummeling her with a knife. Her hymen broke, a tiny tear, but it ricocheted throughout her abdomen. His grunts were loud and his thrusts were deep.
She bit and clawed at his hands, but he took no notice. In fact, she was pretty sure that the more she fought him, the more he was turned on. She wished he would hurry and finish so that it could all be over. She wasn't sure she could make it through the whole thing alive and kept picturing her mother's disapproving face. Ceto had warned her that she could get hurt, but she hadn't listened. Was this whole thing her fault?
With one last moan, he finished. He left her with a mess of sex juices and blood dripping down her thighs. She ached too much to move and get a glimpse of his face before he disappeared, but she had a feeling he would be gone anyway, even if she had been quick.
The one thing she valued-her virginity-had been stolen from her like everything else. Her body trembled all over and she thought about searching for the knives the priestesses used to perform sacrifices and cut herself with them. Or maybe she could still find the man and kill him. She couldn't do it, though. It was too much effort.
She lay there for what felt like an eternity and once her legs stopped shaking, she stood. She winced and almost fell over as she tried to walk. She had to grip the wall to make any progress. She was leaving all the evidence of the attack behind. She wanted to clean it and make it go away, but she didn't have the energy or tools to do so.
When she finally got back to Bartholomew's room, she blew the candle out and lay on the hay. Her eyes were stuck wide open and she couldn't breathe, even as she rested her head. She wanted to light the candle again, so she could see what was happening in the room, but the two of them could get angry with her. She was scared the man would return and rape her again. Her two roommates would probably try to protect her, but that being had been strong and what if they couldn't fight him off? What if he covered her mouth and was so quiet that they heard nothing?
She contemplated waking them, but wondered whether they would blame her for what had happened. Bartholomew knew she was a prostitute, after all. Maybe he'd make a joke and say she was probably just upset because he hadn't paid her or yell at her for wandering the temple alone. She couldn't take that.
She wanted to tell the authorities, but knew that would help nothing. Being in the temple, in a man's room, was illegal. She'd be the one punished rather than the mysterious man who had hurt her.
She hiccupped as she cried. It wasn't fair. She was ruined and possibly pregnant. She made bad decision after bad decision and she'd be suffering on the streets soon for all of them.
Medy eventually drifted off to sleep and morning came too quickly. She begged Bartholomew and Cithara for permission to make a sacrifice in front of Athena's statue. Bartholomew hesitated before saying yes, which made Medy feel terrible, but this was important. They went into the agora to purchase a dove. The man wouldn't haggle for it, so Medy was forced to borrow a drachma. Cithara left; she'd be back to get her later.
Bartholomew found a beautiful young brunette dressed all in white with a childish face. The other priestesses stared at the two of them as if they were teachers looking down at unruly students. The dove cooed in its cage, which cut the silence like a hammer banging against the wall.
Bartholomew claimed in a whisper that she owed him a favor, but he still bowed his head and didn't look her in the eye as he asked the priestess to perform the sacrifice.
Her mouth formed a tight line and Medy felt certain she'd say no. "Very well. Follow me."
Bartholomew left to perform his duties. Medy hid her face behind her hair and didn't meet anyone's eyes as they traveled down the hallway she had been in the night before.
"Most people aren't allowed into this place," the young priestess said. "If you touch anything or speak, you will be forced to leave immediately."
Medy nodded her head. The mess she had left was gone. She wondered whether they'd cleaned it.
When they neared the statue, Medy kept her eyes on the ground. The priestess set a pile of logs on a golden altar to the side and lit it on fire. She grabbed the caged dove from her. It flapped its wings wildly as she pulled it out. She took a bronze knife and slit its throat, barely noticing its struggle. Blood dripped down her hand as she removed the meat from the fat and bone; the priestesses and slaves would consume it later. She threw the fat and bone on the fire and soon the flickering flame was reflected on each gold plated wall.
Medy bowed her head and clasped her hands. This would be the end of foolish decisions. The sacrifice of this pure, white bird would cleanse her for the future.
She gazed at Athena's feet and swore that they were glowing. It must have been the morning light playing tricks on Medy's eyes. The toes twitched and she wondered whether the hallucinations were because of a lack of sleep.
She looked up slowly as the white marble turned peach where Athena's skin lay. Her armor burst with color: in some places bronze, in others gold.
Medy stumbled backwards. A servant carrying water shattered the pottery on the ground as she dropped it. All the priestesses fell to one knee.
The owl on Athena's shoulder blinked and flapped its wings. Her hair flowed down her shoulders unlike any color Medy had ever seen. In some lights it shone red, in others blonde, and in the rest brown. It changed every time she moved. Her lips were pressed together, her chin stuck out, and she glared downward. She raised her spear and pointed it at Medy's forehead.
Medy froze, her eyes wide and her mouth open.
"You have defiled my temple!" Athena shouted.
Tears streamed down Medy's face. Her knees felt weak. "I'm so sorry. I would never purposefully do such a thing."
"Silence! I will not hear your excuses. I saw you sleeping with Poseidon in my temple last night! Or are you saying my eyes deceive me?"
Medy's face paled. The one who had raped her was Poseidon? It couldn't have been.
Athena's eyes narrowed. "I've heard about your bragging, too. You've been telling everyone that you're more beautiful than me. Is that why you slept with the man I was pursuing?"
"No, that was-"
Athena shook. "Time for your punishment! I'll make you as ugly on the outside as you are in your soul."
Athena reached down and touched Medy's forehead with her giant finger. A white light radiated from her. It enveloped Medy in its beauty, but stung as it filled her. She shook, feeling unlimited power sizzling through her veins.
The priestesses began to scream and run.
Medy shook all over. Her whole body felt wrong, like her bones needed to be cracked. "What's happening to me?"
Her back itched as pain laced through her shoulder blades. Pressure built up and relief shuddered through her as two giant bat wings burst from her. They ripped her clothes to shreds and left her naked. She didn't bother to cover herself.
She was too frightened to move, but scared she'd harden in place from the tightening of her skin. Scales crawled up her once silky flesh. Her smooth hands darkened and grew hard as metal. Her hair swirled around her head as if it was alive. In fact, the strands had grown fangs and were biting her repeatedly. They tickled her skin with their tongues and when she saw they were snakes, she expected to swell and die. Fortunately, she was immune to the poison.
That wasn't the worst part, though. The worst thing was when she met the gaze of Bartholomew. He didn't run like everyone else. He watched as her eyeballs fell from her face and red irises grew in their place. She should have been blind, but she had never been able to see the colors of the world more deeply.
He screamed, horrified by her ugliness. He turned to run, but his body grayed and froze. His death and the moment Medy hurt her friend Cithara worse than anyone else could was immortalized in an eerie statue, twisting and running from her presence.
She wanted to beg for Athena to make it stop, but she had disappeared and been replaced by her beautiful marble statue. Her judgment was finished.
Everyone else screamed along with Medy. Some of them grayed and others escaped. She wondered how many had families.
Soon nothing moved.
Medusa collapsed as the world turned black.
That was the day the monster Medusa was born.
Chapter 3

Medusa woke several hours later. She was naked and covered in a thick gray fog. She struggled to flap her wings because her feet weren't touching the ground, but she couldn't move. Invisible ropes and the scaly bodies of four other monsters of various sizes pressed up against her. She fought, even though each movement caused angry red gashes to erupt across her skin.
The fog beneath her parted and she saw the green grasses of her homeland thousands of feet below her. The air was thin here and her heart beat quickly. She was flying through the clouds, but certain she would fall.
A ray of sunshine fell on her and she saw a white line sparkling in the light. A net as fine as a spider's web, didn't budge as she fought it, but cut into her. The web was as strong as the invisible net that Hephaestus had used to capture Aphrodite and Ares when they were having an affair.
She glanced up. Sure enough, she saw Hermes flapping the wings of his sandals and helmet, lugging the five of them effortlessly through the sky. Hairless in the places Medusa was able to glance at between his armor, his lanky frame was topped with a full head of curls.
She resigned herself to her fate. The thin atmosphere and her adrenaline were making her dizzy.
She scanned her snoozing companions. Two were creatures similar to herself with scaly skin, wings, and writhing snakes on the top of their heads. A muscular merman with lobster claws instead of hands lay next to them. Largest of all was a serpent whose body wrapped around the rest of the creatures and squeezed them tightly.
They must have once been people who had fallen into disfavor with the gods like Medusa had. She squinted. Something was familiar about their features, such as the human shape of the merman's nose or the soft sighs that emerged from the sleeping lips of the large serpent. She could almost see their human forms, like ghosts that followed them. She gasped as realization hit her. Tears filled her eyes. This was what remained of her family.
The giant sea monster was her mother, the merman her dad, and the two like her were her sisters: Euryale and Stheno. Punishing Medusa hadn't been enough. Athena had taken her whole family down. The one who was supposed to be the most level headed and merciful of the gods had tormented these innocent people.
The snakes that had previously squirmed calmly on top of her head sensed her agitation and bit into her. She wished her hair didn't hate her so much. Her skin throbbed and stung because of it. She supposed she should be thankful that the venom couldn't kill her, but a part of her wished to die.
A castle covered in fog, floating on an island in the air, came into view. Beacons of light burst from it in various angles. Medusa was forced to close her eyes for a moment because it was so pretty it stung her irises. Leaves made of gold decorated every inch of the white marble it had been built with and when the golden double doors opened, Medusa gasped at what she saw.
A round table sat in the center of the room, covered in food. Pastries the color of flowers dripped sweet jam like honey. Fresh fish, cooked until the outside was crisp like Medusa had once loved to eat-teased her. Overflowing fountains filled golden goblets with pink juice. Every color of cloth hung from the walls. The floor itself sparkled with gems, making the room look like a giant rainbow. Fairies with iridescent wings and pointy features flew around like bees, arranging everything.
Hermes plopped them down in a pile between two rows of thrones. The monsters stood out like a black eye near all this beauty.
The thrones had been specially decorated to match the god that inhabited them. Medusa spotted Poseidon's, carved out of an aquamarine gemstone, so it looked like it had been left there by the ocean. Seashells rested on it and sand filled the base. Medusa clenched her teeth and tightened her fists as she stared.
Zeus sat at his throne. He held a cup of nectar that he chugged in his right hand. The juice dribbled down his white beard. He was slurring the words to random songs. Even drunk, his voice sounded more beautiful than the birds that used to sing outside Medusa's window every morning.
Athena walked in and Hermes flittered around the two of them. None of them looked at Medusa or her family. She felt like a fly listening in, latched to the wall.
"They are too dangerous to keep on Earth." Athena didn't point at Medusa or her family, but it was obvious who she was referring to. "Who's going to argue with someone who can turn anyone into stone just by gazing into their eyes? They'll grow power hungry and destroy everything."
Zeus nodded. "That's why I called this meeting. We need to decide what should be done with them. The others will arrive shortly. Hermes has already sent word."
Athena paced, her body as stiff as a soldier's. The owl's feathers were ruffled.
Hermes hovered in the air before them. "I've received messages that neither Poseidon nor Hades is showing up."
Medusa didn't know whether she was relieved not to be forced to face her rapist or angry that she wouldn't get her revenge yet.
Zeus and Athena didn't look surprised. The three great gods rarely participated in each other's concerns, even when they were the cause of it, like Poseidon was here. They all viewed themselves as the supreme god and were generally treated as such in their respective realms. In the ocean, Poseidon was not merely a god, he was the god of the sea. Very few fish or mermaids cared who Zeus was-some never heard of him. And it was the same with Hades and the realm of the dead. As most souls forgot their life on earth, they also forgot Zeus.
"Poseidon gave me a message for you, Athena," Hermes said.
Athena crossed her arms. "And?"
Hermes cleared his throat. "He says that he thought it was you from behind. After all, your hair does shine as golden as hers did in the proper light."
Athena's eyes narrowed. "Are you implying that I acted rashly then?" She grabbed Hermes by the collar and shook him. "Is this whole thing supposed to be some big misunderstanding?"
Hermes' curls bobbed. He covered his face with his arms. They were smaller than Athena's. "Of course not. Medusa bragged that she was more beautiful than you. She obviously planned this whole thing just to hurt you. He would have never slept with her otherwise. That's all he's trying to say."
Athena's shoulders relaxed and she released her grip. She nodded her head. "Yes, I was thinking the same thing."
Zeus laughed. "I never knew you could get jealous like Hera. I thought you were different from other women, but this is tame compared with what she did when she found out about Semele and Dionysius."
Athena smiled humorlessly. "Where will we live the day you make Hera so angry with your affairs that she tears apart the sky?"
Zeus tweaked her on the nose. "I don't know about you, but I'll probably find a nice place to sleep between a woman's thighs."
They laughed and Athena slapped Zeus on the back. He had just been given a new glass of nectar by one of the fairies. It spilled all over.
Zeus took a sip anyway. "You've always been so intelligent that I'm relieved to see you behaving irrationally for once. You were showing up the rest of us."
Athena stuck her nose in the air. "My actions were perfectly reasonable. They deserved worse after blaspheming me. If we don't punish mortals when they try to make fools of us, then they'll stop respecting the gods."
Medusa shook, her vision clouding. How could they ruin people's lives so casually? She struggled against the net and it wrapped around her more tightly. The snakes bit into one of her eyes until they ripped some skin of her face open. It swelled to several times its original size.
Athena laughed. "Did I tell you that I made Medusa's two sisters immortal, but let her keep her mortality? I want her to spend the rest of her life terrified of the moment when I decide to torture and kill her."
"Is that why you let her wake and not the others? So she could know why they were all being punished?" Hermes asked.
She felt the attention of all the gods in the room drawn in her direction, even though none of them turned.
"I don't know what you are talking about," Athena said.
Medusa struggled to see through the eye with pus dripping from it.
The air began to smell a little sweeter and Medusa found herself growing aroused, which was especially embarrassing because she was naked. Aphrodite entered the room wearing a golden girdle. It shone the same color as her long blonde hair that flowed in waves past her feet. Her full breasts and nether regions were exposed and they looked magnificent.
Beautiful mortals, much smaller than Aphrodite hung from her body and hair. They were her jewels. They kissed her toes and ankles. Several of them massaged her breasts. Groups of them wove flowers and shells through her shiny locks as they combed out non-existent tangles. Her skin glittered like it was covered in golden flakes.
Hephaestus limped behind her, practically slobbering all over the floor. His legs were shriveled and only one seemed to move at all, dragging the other one behind his body. He carried a giant hammer across his shoulders. The muscles of his upper body were so bulked they looked as if they could explode. He had also created for himself hands-free crutches that wrapped around his waist and helped him travel.
Behind them trailed several flute and harp players, all of whom danced to a sensual melody. They were naked and humped one another as if they wished to form an orgy.
One of them rounded his eyes in fear as his gaze met Medusa's. His mouth widened to scream, but no sound came out. He was already stone.
None of the gods or goddesses acknowledged what had just happened. They didn't turn to glare at Medusa or get rid of the statue. Fearful, they weren't looking at her because they could turn into stone, too. The realization gave her a shiver of pleasure. She snarled at the fairies as they fluttered around the statue and dragged it away. They squealed in horror.
Aphrodite approached Zeus, the air around her humming. She bent to give Zeus a greeting kiss on the lips. Medusa swore that she used a bit of her tongue when she said hello and that her nipples hardened. Zeus blushed, but Medusa thought she must be imagining things. The whole scenario seemed wrong.
The room grew a little brighter as Apollo entered. He was tan with blond hair and white teeth that hurt to look at. Medusa gasped a little as she took in his appearance. He was better looking than any man she'd ever seen.
Hera wore a long wedding dress. She was covered in diamonds and pearls, her face shielded by a white veil with a silver crown on her head. She carried a peacock in her arms. It slept peacefully as she stroked it and whispered in its ear. She looked like a mother, rocking her baby to sleep.
Poor Hera. Medusa hadn't really thought about the stories until now. Hera was born to be a mother-she liked to nurture. She never wished to marry or be owned by a man like Zeus. But he had turned himself into a cuckoo bird when he first met her and pretended to freeze in the snow. She took him in and warmed him. As a reward, he overpowered her and took her virginity. She became his wife because it was the honorable thing to do. Medusa hoped she wouldn't be forced to marry Poseidon.
The way Hera's eyes glowed when she looked at Zeus showed she was the type to love someone with all her heart or not at all. Somehow, to Medusa's confusion, she'd grown to forgive Zeus and even view him affectionately. He repaid her devotion by cheating on her regularly.
Hephaestus stood in the corner, glaring at everyone who entered the room, but especially at Ares. Ares' hair was bright red and shiny. He had a smirk on his face; he wore full armor, and several weapons hung across his back. He met Hephaestus' gaze smugly and put two fingers to his lips, licking the air between them with raised eyebrows while gazing at Aphrodite. Hephaestus' hands clenched the hammer he held more tightly.
Aphrodite sat and picked at her nails, while bouncing her leg. "So why were we dragged here by Hermes again?"
"Because Athena can't control her temper," Hera said. "She's turned several innocent mortals into monsters. They'll end the world if we don't find a good home for them." She kissed the bird she held on the top of the head.
Athena's hands clenched into fists. She foamed at the mouth when she turned to Hera. "You're really one to talk. At least I left them alive. Where is my dear brother Dionysus again? Because I haven't gotten as much wine to drink ever since you decided to kill him."
The smile froze on Hera's face. The air chilled so much, Medusa was surprised the peacock didn't begin to shiver. "I don't know what you're referring to."
"We all know the truth," Athena said. "The titans didn't rip him to shreds by accident. So why not man up and admit you attack all the women Father has affairs with and relish tormenting their children?"
Aphrodite pulled out at a mirror and picked at her face in annoyance.
"Haven't we heard this argument enough times already?" Apollo said. "I have more important things to do. Last time I left the sun chariot for someone else to ride, half the Earth was scorched as a result. I need to get back."
Ares ran his finger down the blade of one of his axes. His eyes darkened. "No, let them continue." He licked the blood that arose from his finger. "Nothing is more beautiful than two women at war." His chuckle was deep.
"And people question why I drink so much." Zeus laughed. "Although I do enjoy a conversation regarding my massive 'libido'," he winked, "That's not why I brought you all here today. Do any of you have any ideas regarding how we should deal with these creatures?"
"We should return them to their human forms," Hera said. "We all know Poseidon raped her, anyway. Further torment is unnecessary."
"I object!" Athena screamed.
"Well, we can't keep them on Mount Olympus." Hermes wrinkled his nose. "I have parties in here and they'll disturb my guests."
"Selene and I," Apollo said, "are too busy taking care of the sun and the moon to babysit anything else."
"They're too hideous to live with me," Aphrodite said. "Maybe if she was so beautiful that she turned people into stone that would be okay, but looking like that…" Aphrodite flinched.
Zeus smirked. "Don't worry, I wasn't planning to do any of those things. I'll give the girls to Hades and the parents to Poseidon. That way, maybe, my brothers will learn to respect me a little and actually show up when I call them in for a meeting. Besides, the two of them like to collect monsters anyway. They'll probably see them as gifts."
All the gods' faces wrinkled in disgust.
Medusa began to hyperventilate. She pulled against the invisible strings and they sliced through her fingers. "No, please no, don't separate us! My parents are all I have left."
She roared, trying to intimidate them, but her voice sounded hollow and tiny in the castle. None of them even flinched.
Her parents had disowned her, but as far as she was concerned, it was ancient history, even though the event had occurred only hours prior. They were all being punished and they were all hated by the world. She still loved them.
Athena smiled at Medusa's pleading. "Good plan. It would be unwise to give the sisters to Poseidon anyway. Their presence would be a slap in the face and a reminder that he slept with the wrong woman. All along it should have been me. He wants nothing to do with her now."
Medusa shook all over. Of course that asshole felt that way now. She was no longer the beautiful woman he had once lusted over. He didn't care how she suffered as long as he didn't suffer any consequences for his actions.
The world faded as Medusa saw red. She imagined snapping both Athena's and Poseidon's necks.
"It's a plan then," Zeus said.
They all nodded their heads in agreement and laughed.
Hermes flew to where she struggled in her confines and lifted the nets. A bright white light radiated from him and Medusa fell back into a supernatural sleep once again.

Purchase on Amazon: 
http://www.amazon.com/Medusas-Desire-Death-Series-ebook/dp/B00ABMAW5K/
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thank you to my fiance and family for your emotional support and also to my editor, Faith Williams, and the person who created my cover, Calista Taylor.
