
The Jew’s Wife
&
Other Stories

By Thomas J. Hubschman

Copyright © 2011 Thomas J. Hubschman


Published by Savvy Press at Smashwords


All rights reserved.
All the characters in this book are fictional. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is purely coincidental.


Savvy Press PO Box 63
Salem, NY 12865
http://www.savvypress.com


Cover art by Eric Black

ISBN: 978-1-939113-14-6




"The Jew's Wife and Other Stories is a fine collection of short stories from a newly debuted master of storytelling...a solid and recommended pick for short fiction fans everywhere." - Midwest Book Review


“The Jew’s Wife” was published in Gruene Street, “Rough Justice” and “The Naked Woman” in Blue Penny Quarterly, “Death of  the Monsignor” in ViewsUnplugged, “Crank Call” in MeThree, “Fidelity” in HotRead, “I Am So Loving the Cello” and “The Hit Doctor” in Eclectica, “The Devil You Know” in The Antigonish Review, “The World” on the BBC World Service, “Company” in Morpo Review, “Going to Glory” and “The Virgin” in Blue Moon Review and “Still Life” in In Vivo. “The Virgin” was also published in New York Press.





For Richard









Other books by Thomas J. Hubschman
Available at Smashwords



Song of the Mockingbird (Novel)
Look at Me Now (Novel)
My Bess (Novel)
Father Walther's Temptation (Novel)
Billy Boy (Novel)
Contents:           

Rough Justice
The Jew’s Wife 
Death of the Monsignor 
The Naked Woman
Crank Call
Fidelity
The Hit Doctor
The Devil You Know 
I Am So Loving the Cello
The World
Company
Going to Glory
The Virgin
Still Life




Rough Justice

For years we shared recipes with Ian and his wife Martha, fetched the Times for each other and baby-sat each other’s kids. Ian helped me put up my deck, and I hauled bags of soil for his tomato plants and roses. We planted matching dogwoods in our areaways and painstakingly restored the bluestones instead of re-paving our sidewalks in concrete as so many other brownstoners were doing. We played poker the ﬁrst Friday of every month with Harry Lyons and Bill Storch, the only African American on our block. Our daughters went to private school together. We were as close to being family as any two groups of people could be without actually having blood ties.
Until last autumn.
Connie and I like to sleep late on Sunday. Ian was usually up at the crack of dawn. He took long walks before breakfast, sometimes with Martha but usually by himself. He wandered through Prospect Park, hiked down to Grand Army Plaza or occasionally explored the Irish neighborhood bordered by Greenwood Cemetery. On his way home he picked up two copies of the Times and deposited one of them on our front stoop before rustling up breakfast for his wife and daughter. In return, Connie and I never took a ride upstate without bringing him and Martha a basket of apples, peaches or whatever was in season.
What really happened that particular Sunday morning I may never know. But at nine-ﬁfteen or nine-thirty my wife came rushing into the bedroom shouting, “Ian’s been arrested!”
I was only half-awake and didn’t understand what she was saying until she explained that Ian had just called from the 72nd Precinct to ask if we could please get him a lawyer.
“Arrested for what?”
“He said something about a demented woman bringing charges against him. He said he was only allowed one phone call. He wants you to get hold of Charlie Foxx.
“Charlie’s a real estate attorney.”
“Maybe he can recommend a criminal lawyer.” 
“Did Ian say what the charge was?”
“Just something about a crazy woman.”
She was close to tears. Maybe if I had taken the call myself I would have reacted with similar distress. But the idea of Ian getting arrested seemed so absurd that I still had trouble believing it.
“You told Martha?” I said. 
“No. Would you tell her?”
“All right. But do me a favor and ﬁnd Charlie Foxx’s number—his home phone.”
I went next door and broke the news to Ian’s wife. For the better part of a minute she stood motionless, covering her mouth with her hand. She was wearing a blue robe she had put on to start coffee in her country kitchen. I made her sit down and drink some, but she still looked as if I had just told her Ian had been run over.
“Don’t worry,” I said. “It’s just some kind of stupid mistake.” As I was speaking the phone rang—Connie calling to relay Charlie Foxx’s number.
“How is Martha taking it?” she asked. 
“Not so good.”
“Should I come over?”
“That might not be a bad idea.”
Charlie was home but didn’t know any criminal lawyer who would be willing to run down to the 72nd Precinct on a Sunday morning.
“What did this friend of yours do?”
“I don’t know. Some woman brought charges.” 
“This is kind of out of my line.”
“For Christ’s sake, Charlie, the man’s in jail.”
“I know. But chances are they won’t arraign him till the morning anyhow. They wouldn’t even be holding him if it wasn’t a felony charge.”
“Felony?” I said, causing Martha, who had been starting to calm down under Connie’s ministrations, to go catatonic again. “Charlie,” I said more quietly, “can’t you, you know, bail him out or something?”
“Not before he’s arraigned.”
“He just has to sit in the precinct house until tomorrow?” 
“They’ll probably transfer him to the lockup on Atlantic Avenue. They might have done so already.” 
“Jesus.”
“Sorry, chum. That’s how these things work. But let me try calling a couple of my colleagues. They might know something—or at least put me on to someone who does.”
I didn’t have the heart to tell Martha what Charlie Foxx said. Instead, I assured her that he was making some calls to contact an appropriate attorney. Then I headed back to my own house to make breakfast for Tanya, leaving Connie to look after Martha. Connie’s a brick at times like this. She once sat through a ten-hour operation with a neighbor whose husband had colon cancer.
It was only when I was alone with the mixing bowls that I had a chance to think. I had known Ian about six years—not a long time as friendships go. Even so, six years is not six minutes, and nothing during that time had prepared me for the shock of hearing that my friend was about to be charged with a serious crime. Not that I believed for a moment he was guilty of anything criminal. Even so, the police did not make a habit of arresting white middle-class males just for taking a walk in the park.
“How’s Martha doing?” I asked Connie when she returned. 
“I gave her Valium and called her sister.”
“She’s with her now?”
“She’s on the way. Honey, you don’t think Ian really did something?”
I was at the sink, scouring the grill. Out in the yard a bluejay was perched on the handlebars of Tanya’s trike. The big maple which made it next to impossible to grow anything but ivy under its massive spread was starting to shed  its leaves. In a couple weeks it would be time to start getting ready for our Halloween party. I wondered if Ian would be able to attend. Last year he came dressed as a monk. His wife came as a prioress with a slit habit that exposed one leg almost to the hip where she wore a crimson garter. It was a surprising getup for a woman who never used a four-letter word and even on the hottest summer day sported nothing more revealing than Bermuda shorts.
Charlie Foxx called back to say he had gotten in touch with someone willing to take Ian’s case. He had also found out what the charge was: Sexual Molestation.
The lawyer Charlie had contacted promised to pay Ian a visit that afternoon. I didn’t much care for the way Charlie sounded, like a dentist who was putting himself out to handle a bad tooth that should have come out years ago. He said he would try to get back to me after the lawyer saw Ian. He said there was a possibility Ian would be arraigned that day but that there was no point to our going down to the court without knowing for sure.
It was not going to be an ordinary Sunday—yard work, a nap after lunch followed by an excursion to one of the malls in Jersey or Long Island. Getting Ian legal counsel had taken up most of the morning, and Tanya and Melissa had play rehearsal in the afternoon. Needless to say, my nap went by the boards. I fussed in the basement and pruned the dogwood in the areaway (I would have pruned Ian’s as well but was afraid his wife might take it as a bad omen). But the day seemed to go on forever.
At ﬁve o’clock the lawyer called to say that Ian had been to court and was being released on bond. We could come down to take him home.
It seemed like the end of a bad dream. I rushed next door to tell Martha. She started sobbing so hard that I decided I’d best collect Ian on my own.
I found him sitting on the deserted steps of the Supreme Court building. He didn’t look especially unkempt, but he had a jail-worn, almost homeless look. He’s a tall, lean man but a lot more sturdy than he looks. He’s also the cheerful sort, always smiling whether he’s in a genuinely good mood or has had a setback of some kind. But that cloudy, early-autumn afternoon he looked like a lost kid.
“Can I give you a lift, stranger?”
He said very little during the drive home. I didn’t ask questions and he didn’t volunteer information. I took the long way, through Carroll Gardens where Connie and I lived when we ﬁrst moved to Brooklyn. He stared at the passing stores as if we were on a six-lane Interstate.
“Can we get coffee?” he said when we reached Park Slope. “From a deli, I mean.”
I bought him a ham sandwich and watched him wolf it down. But he showed no other effects of his ordeal until a police car slowed as it passed my Cherokee. Ian stopped chewing until it was gone and spilled coffee on his lap, his hand trembling badly.
Martha broke into a fresh shower of tears when I handed her husband over to her. But Ian scarcely took the time to thank me before making it clear that he wanted to be left alone. I told myself he had to be a bit out of sorts after what he had been through.
“Stop by later,” I said, “after you’ve had a rest.”
I expected him at least to telephone. But as nine o’clock passed, and then ten, I began to feel a little miffed. I had, after all, taken the trouble to ﬁnd him a lawyer who got him released without his having to spend the night in jail. And Connie had looked after his wife and daughter. We had devoted our entire Sunday to him.
“If he has nothing to hide, why is he avoiding us?” Connie said as we were getting ready for bed.
“Maybe he fell asleep early,” I said. “Maybe he got drunk.” 
“I mean, how well do we really know him?”
“Only,” I said, checking the alarm on the clock radio, “about as well as we know each other.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“That nobody really knows anyone else inside and out.”
She didn’t reply. She just turned out the light without asking as she usually does if I wanted to read for a while.
Ian’s case was scheduled to go to court the following week. Neither Connie nor I had seen him since the day of his arrest. Martha seemed embarrassed by his seclusion but excused it on the grounds that he was busy with his job. Connie and I had a ton of work to do for our Halloween party, so I decided to let him come round in his own good time.
Wednesday night his lawyer called to ask if we would be willing to testify as character witnesses. Of course, we agreed. The lawyer, someone named Briteman, said he didn’t expect it would come to a trial, but he was putting a defense together just in case. “The complainant is sticking to her guns,” he said. “I’ll make a motion to dismiss, but that will just be for the record. I’m sure I can arrange a plea bargain to a misdemeanor.”
“You mean he could actually be convicted of something?” 
“It’s this woman’s word against his. Plus they got a witness.” 
“The woman must be a nut case.”
“Actually she’s some kind of high-powered executive. I wouldn’t like to see her take the stand.”
Word of Ian’s plight got around the neighborhood and people began asking after him. They seemed sympathetic and, for the most part, agreed to sign afﬁdavits on his behalf.
Then, as if nothing unusual had happened, Saturday morning Ian turned up at our house and began retailing the usual gossip about his job—an exclusive private school for rich kids and diplomats’ children. He had a new story about the Ecuadorian janitor and the millionaire parents of a Japanese sophomore. As he mugged his way through it—some confusion about the school toilets and the principal’s ofﬁce—imitating the Latino janitor and the prim Japanese in turn, he seemed a bit more eager to please than usual but otherwise very much the old Ian. I didn’t mention the court case, and he never alluded to it himself. When the coffee klatch broke up Connie and I headed out to Long Island to buy Tanya a new winter coat.
The hearing was scheduled for the twenty-eighth. Halloween fell on a Sunday, so we had decided to have the party Saturday night. Our Halloween bash has become the main social event in the neighborhood. We held our ﬁrst one eleven years ago, just as a get-together for a few neighbors. But as our circle of friends widened, so did the guest list, until we now ﬁnd ourselves entertaining thirty or more couples.
Making it a costume affair was Ian’s idea. People began vying with each other to come up with the most original outﬁts. We even give out an award—a bottle of Dom Perignon.
Thursday evening Ian telephoned and for the ﬁrst time spoke about his court case.
“Briteman says he thinks he can strike a deal with the assistant district attorney. It should all be over soon.”
“That’s wonderful,” I said. “You must feel so relieved.”
“I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t. We both are. And we’re both very grateful to you and Connie.”
I told him I hoped to see him at the party, not knowing how he actually felt about making an appearance in public. He assured me he and Martha were looking forward to the affair. “We wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
Saturday was cold and sunny—pumpkin weather. Connie ﬁnished with the hors d’oeuvres by lunchtime. The main dishes were already in the freezer. We spent most of the afternoon cleaning and decorating, including the carving of a huge jack o’lantern to set out in the areaway. Tanya and I did the last-minute shopping and swept up the leaves. Then we vacuumed and put the ﬁnishing touches on our costumes. I was dressing up as Franklin Roosevelt, with crutches, Connie as Eleanor. Tanya was going as Shirley Temple.
The guests began arriving shortly after eight. Half an hour later there was a crush around the hors d’oeuvres. White wine and bourbon were ﬂowing freely.
Ian and Martha had never been among the ﬁrst guests to arrive at our previous parties. But as it got to be nine o’clock and then quarter-after, I began to worry.
Finally the doorbell rang. I had been holding forth about dry rot back at the booze table, half a house from the front door. At ﬁrst it was difﬁcult to see through the mix of witches, devils and assorted creatures of the night in my parlor. But as Ian and his wife began threading their way through the crowd, shaking hands and trading back slaps, I was ﬁnally able to make out their costumes.
Ian was dressed in prison clothes. Martha had on a guard’s uniform. Ian’s zebra-stripe long johns included an oversize necktie, and he was carrying a black briefcase, the same he brought to work each morning. Martha’s uniform was mini-skirted and included some heavy cleavage.
There was a round of applause. There didn’t seem any doubt who would carry home the Dom Perignon.
I couldn’t help admiring the man’s pluck. Of  course, Martha looked like she was being roasted on a slow spit, but her pained smile never ﬂagged as Ian escorted her through the crowd, his wrist shackles attached to her belt by a silver chain.
I kissed her heavily rouged cheek and offered a glass of white wine. Ian asked for bourbon.
“You look...fetching,” I said to Martha. 
“It was Ian’s idea, of course.”
He, meanwhile, was bantering with Ed Nugent, a stockbroker who helped him reﬁnance his mortgage a couple years back.
“Leave it to Ian to face an issue head-on,” I said. But Martha looked so uncomfortable I let Connie take over the conversation and went to fetch more liquor from the pantry downstairs.
When we ﬁrst bought the house we did all our entertaining in the basement and used the parlor level as bedrooms, renting out the two top ﬂoors for extra income. I still haven’t gotten used to having an entire brownstone to myself. The pantry, a kind of vestibule between the old kitchen and the back yard, was well-stocked not just with liquor but with Connie’s preserves and canned goods of every variety. What I didn’t expect to ﬁnd there was Bill Storch and Hal Sternberg’s wife, going at it against a shelf  of  empty Mason jars. Mimi’s blouse was wide open. Bill’s face was buried inside.
I slipped out the basement exit to the street. It was a cool, crisp night. The sky was dotted with bright stars. There was no one else about. Connie’s jack o’lantern was my only company, its ferocious grin burning into the quiet night. I took a couple deep breaths, then let myself in through the parlor entrance.
By now there were people crowded all the way from the entrance foyer to the food tables at the back of the house. Just saying hello to all the guests I had not yet greeted took the better part of half an hour. Happily, I didn’t run into the spouses of either of the pantry lovers.
Ian was dancing with Martha. They were, in fact, the only couple dancing, the music virtually inaudible through the din of conversation, his cheek pressed against her blue guard’s cap, an inebriate grin creasing his handsome face.
I found Connie reﬁlling the guacamole dip and whispered what I had discovered in the basement.
“My God,” she said, “what are we going to do?”
Noting that a few heads had turned, I told her to keep on with the guacamole.
Hal Sternberg had come dressed as his wife’s pimp in a wide-brim hat and satin suit. I found him in deep conversation with Betty Storch, her small face tightly framed by a white nun’s wimple.
Ian and Martha were still dancing. I admired his nerve, making a joke out of  his misfortune. His effort seemed to be having the desired effect. He had won over those few guests who had been inclined to be stand-ofﬁsh. Of  course, all that wine and bourbon helped as well.
The rest of the evening passed normally. The basement lovers rejoined the party apparently without anyone being the wiser. Ian and Martha no longer drew any special attention.
I felt as if a terrible cloud had passed from all our heads. The talk in our house the next morning was therefore not about Ian, who seemed fully rehabilitated into society, but about Bill and Mimi.
Connie was furious.
“How dare they use my house as a brothel! In all the years we’ve been giving the party we never had anyone behave like that.”
“Wasn’t there something involving Joe Ferrano and Sally Rourke a few years back?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. All that happened was Joe dropped an anchovy down the front of her dress.”
“And tried to remove it with his tongue.”
“They were drunk. Besides, it happened in full view of everyone at the party, not in a deserted pantry.”

A few days later Ian called to tell me the district attorney had decided to prosecute.
“Briteman says they’ve come up with a second witness, some kid lurking in the bushes.”
“Has the kid positively identiﬁed you?”
“I have no idea. Briteman says it might be a bluff to see if they can drive a harder bargain.”
“Did you see anyone like that around?”
There was a pause while, I assumed, Ian tried to remember. But he said, “What do you mean, ‘Did I see anyone?’ You seem to forget I didn’t do anything. Ergo, I wasn’t looking to see who might be watching.”
“I just meant that if you were in that area of the park...”
“I wasn’t in the park that morning. I didn’t see any kid. I didn’t molest any woman.”
“I’m sorry, Ian. I just assumed...”
“That I go out on Sunday mornings to cop a quick feel down by the Tennis House?”
“That’s not fair. I never believed for a moment you were guilty of anything.”
There was another silence. This time I didn’t presume to divine its meaning. He said, “I’m sorry. I’ve got no business talking to you that way. You’ve been a prince throughout this whole business. I’m just so goddamn fed up. Why did that stupid woman have to pick me out of the line-up?”
“Do you know anything about her?”
“I’m not even sure she really exists. She must be a nut job is all I can ﬁgure.”
“Has your lawyer explored that possibility?”
“He’s still too impressed by her corporate credentials. He thinks a jury’ll believe anything she says. Do you realize I could lose my job? What do I do then? Who would hire a teacher convicted of sexual assault?”
“I think you’re doing the right thing—pleading innocent, I mean. You can’t afford a conviction, even to a lesser offense.”         
“You’re right. And I still don’t know how to thank you.”
The trial began the following week. The ﬁrst days were occupied with jury selection, so I didn’t ask for any time off from my job. Instead, I tried to get as much done as possible so I could be free when the prosecutor was ready to make his opening statement.
As it turned out, the ADA was a she, an attractive redhead with ambition written all over her freckled face. She seemed energy personiﬁed in a snugly tailored suit that did not go unnoticed by the judge, a bald sexagenarian whose head was barely visible above his gavel. To make matters worse, Briteman, Ian’s lawyer, was a sallow-face man in a mis-size gabardine with bad teeth and a lecher’s grin he ﬂashed every time he ﬁnished a sentence, causing jurors and spectators alike to wince.
Ian was charged with “fondling and pressing” the breasts and buttocks of a woman about ten years older than the ADA. The complainant was a redhead as well, could have passed for the prosecutor’s sister. Each time Briteman referred to the charge, he ﬂashed his dreadful grin to show disdain, but the effect was downright scurrilous.
Even so, I believed the truth had to prevail.
My faith suffered its ﬁrst blow when one of the local papers, a rag that kowtows to the borough’s political hacks, ran a front-page story about the trial complete with a photo of Ian in handcuffs. The text described him as a teacher at a “plush Manhattan academy” and “frequent early-morning sojourner in the area’s parks and cemeteries.” It made him sound like a ghoul. The story included the complainant’s account of the alleged molestation and no doubt made for spicy reading in the local laundromats and pizzerias.
We had driven Ian and Martha to court the ﬁrst day of the trial. The atmosphere in my Cherokee had been sober but hopeful. But the morning after the story appeared on the front page of The Brooklyn Journal the mood in the Jeep turned gloomy.
The prosecutor was clever enough not to portray Ian as a conﬁrmed sex pervert. “Temptation beckoned,” was the way she put it. “There seemed to be no one about, so he took his opportunity.” The jury—four men and eight women, all but three of them black—listened attentively. Occasionally one of them glanced toward the defendant. I made an effort to see Ian as the jurors might, but all I could think was that if I were black I wouldn’t give a damn what some white man did to a white woman on a Sunday morning in Prospect Park.
When Briteman rose to make his opening statement, the jurors who had been listening to the ADA like well-behaved fourth-graders suddenly began to look skeptical. The prosecution’s remarks had sounded rehearsed, but that only seemed in keeping with her teacher-like persona. But Briteman had “lawyer” written all over him.
“Ladies and Gentlemen of  the jury,” he began in a heavy Brooklyn accent, hitching up his baggy trousers, “my client is an honorable, happily-married man who would no more think of sexually molesting a strange woman than the Man in the Moon.”
That was to be typical of the approach Briteman would take. Far from being a perpetrator, his client was the victim of two—perhaps three—delusional females, though he never said anything like that  outright. He probably never even realized he was suggesting it. But you can imagine how such a defense went down with the women on the jury.
Finally he called on Ian to testify.
“Mr. Crawford, how do you make your living?”
“I  teach  eighth- and  ninth-graders  at  a  private  school  in Manhattan.
“How long have you been a school teacher?”
“Almost sixteen years. I taught in the public school system in Schenectady for six years before moving to New York.”
“Mr. Crawford, are you in the habit of taking long walks early on Sunday morning? Is that the sort of thing you do ordinarily?” 
“I like to go for walks, yes.”
“On the morning that this alleged incident is supposed to have taken place, there was nothing unusual about your going for a walk that day. Would you say that?”
“Yes.”
“And these walks, you take them for—would you say—health reasons? To keep your weight down so you don’t end up with a big spare tire like some of us?” he added with a chuckle that brought on an abrupt spasm of smoker’s cough and more scowls from the jury. “Mr. Coleman—I beg your pardon—Crawford, on the morning of September twenty-third, did anything unusual occur during your walk that day? Did you meet anyone in the park? Talk to anyone? Do you recall, for instance, seeing Ms. Kane over there in the park that morning?”
“Absolutely not,” Ian said with feeling. “Until today I never laid eyes on her. 
“So, your answer is no.” 
“Yes. I mean, correct.”
“No more questions at this time, Your Honor.”
The prosecutor rose, smoothed her skirt against her slim hips and walked slowly toward the witness stand, stopping just a couple short of it. She seemed about to say something, then turned away and instead addressed her question in the direction of the jury box. “Mr. Crawford, what sort of  people send their children to the school where you teach? What income bracket would you say they’re in?”
“Middle-class.”
“Would you say upper-middle-class?” 
“I suppose. The school...”
“Would you say the school where you teach is a school for the children of the economically privileged?”
“We also have disadvantaged children who are there on scholarship.”
“Mr. Crawford, on the morning of September twenty-third, did you decide to take a walk in Prospect Park?”
“I don’t know if I made any ‘decision’ as such...” 
“Just answer the question yes or no.”
“Well, there’s a difference between making a decision to do something and...”
At this point the judge intervened and told him to just answer the question. Ian looked toward his lawyer sitting at a long table just in front of the bar. Briteman shrugged.
“I took a walk in the park that morning, yes.”
“And during the course of that walk, did you come upon the woman sitting at the table directly behind me?”
“No.”
“Did you not in fact fondle her breasts and buttocks despite her attempts to push you away?”
“I did not. No.”
The prosecutor took a few steps away from the witness box, turned her back entirely on Ian, then sauntered over to the table where she had left her notes. She paused as if to make up her mind whether to consult them again, then turned abruptly back toward Ian and, in a raised voice, said, “You say, Mr. Crawford, that you like to take walks on Sunday mornings. Do you ever take walks in other parts of the neighborhood? Besides Prospect Park, I mean.
“I may, sometimes.”
“Do you ever stroll through, say, Green Wood Cemetery? 
“I may have.”
“Is it not a fact,” she said, picking up a sheet of paper from the top of the stack on the prosecutor’s table, “on the morning of July ﬁfteenth of last year, you were escorted from Green Wood Cemetery by a security guard and warned that if you returned you would be arrested for trespassing?
“I quote from the security guard’s report: ‘Intruder was found wandering in the hedges beside North Drive. This ofﬁcer did escort him to cemetery exit. Intruder was told if he returned he would be handed over to NYPD.’ Would you say that the security guard’s report was a factual account of what occurred that morning?”
“I wasn’t an ‘intruder.’ I was just walking there.” 
“Through the shrubbery?”
“I was taking a shortcut. To get to a path that leads further into the cemetery. There’s some very interesting foliage in that part of the cemetery.”
“Are you aware, Mr. Crawford, that two women who were in the cemetery that morning reported seeing you ‘lurking in the bushes,’ to use their own words.”
“No, I wasn’t.”
“No more questions, Your Honor.”

Ian was convicted and eventually sentenced to three years probation with six months community service. He was also ordered to undergo psychotherapy.
Martha broke down when the verdict was handed down. Ian himself showed no emotion. During the ride home he said nothing, merely staring out the window just as he did the day I collected him from jail, his eyes moist, gently gnawing on his bottom lip.
He was indeed forced to resign from his teaching job and has taken a position with a real estate agency. He works most evenings and weekends, so he no longer attends our poker games or stops by to share a cup of coffee. He exercises in a gym and never, as far as I can tell, ventures into the park.
Most of our neighbors assume he really is guilty of something, an attitude that angered me until I realized that if they thought otherwise they would have to admit that the same thing could happen to them. I myself have become very careful about which strangers I speak to and am reluctant to give one of the neighbor’s children a ride in my car unless another adult is present.
Sometimes as I lie in bed at night, waiting to fall asleep, I try to imagine what it must be like for him, losing his job, the respect of his friends, being looked on with constant suspicion. I wonder if these same people would put me at arm’s length the way they have Ian.
Then I think about the Sunday morning when the “incident” was supposed to have happened. I put myself in that woman’s place and try to come up with some plausible reason why she should make such an accusation. I review the trial itself, going over everyone’s testimony, recall Ian’s deadpan expression despite what must have been three hellish days. I think back to Yankee games we went to, school bake sales and trips to the beach when the kids were younger.
Sometimes I continue these thoughts into my unconsciousness. Only, in my dream reality becomes altered in strange and confusing ways: Ian is found innocent and everyone leaves the courtroom to celebrate, leaving me behind handcuffed to a bench, waiting in dread for the judge to appear.
Connie has told me Ian and Martha have put their house up for sale, though there’s no sign yet attached to the building. Meanwhile, I go about my usual routine taking the subway to work, putting out the garbage. I still put Ian’s empty cans back inside his areaway just as I always have, but wonder how I’ll feel when a stranger is living in his house. When I share these thoughts with Connie she usually says something optimistic like, “Maybe it’s all for the best.”
But I still wonder.



The Jew’s Wife


Georg cursed the Jew as his pickup struck a pothole in the fading light. Ten years ago he would have spotted the hole in time. Twenty years ago the road would have been in better repair. And forty years ago the idea of his working for someone like Hyman Gottlieb would have seemed preposterous. Jews were moneylenders and small businessmen where Georg came from, not gentlemen farmers.
He had been up since 5:00 a.m. His day usually began an hour later, but he had to make an early trip into town for feed so as to be done with his chores by supper. He ate a quick meal, made sure his chickens and two milk cows were comfortable for the night, then started for the Jew’s house.
“Call me,” his wife Hilda had pleaded. She had spoken in English and he had replied in the same language. They used English more than their native dialect. It started with just a phrase or odd word. But the use of their adoptive language gradually expanded until now it was the unfamiliar expression from their native tongue which had to be given an American equivalent. Speaking English to the Jew was one thing—a necessary lingua franca, since Georg knew no Yiddish and the Jew pretended ignorance of dialect—but speaking English to his own wife seemed to Georg like a disease that had gradually claimed him over the years and now was too far gone to cure.
Hilda knew he couldn’t call her. Gottlieb’s wife unplugged the phone at dusk, even when her husband was away. Unplugging it was, in fact, the Jew’s idea. No one of consequence would call in the evening, and Gottlieb and his wife had no children or relatives in this country, at least none Georg knew of. The fact that the telephone company only charged for outgoing calls didn’t seem to matter.
The tobacco looked ready for harvesting. With any luck he would see his share before the year was out. Thanks to the Jew’s crop and his own more modest planting, he was holding his own: a small but comfortable house, a growing bank account. He needed a new pickup, but the one he was driving could be patched together for another year or two. He was certainly better off than he had been ﬁve years ago, and living like a prince compared with what he had when he ﬁrst arrived in this country. It was difﬁcult even to recall that confused immigrant. His children told him he still spoke with an accent, but he couldn’t hear it, and the only time he spoke dialect was when his son or daughter visited. For some reason English failed him then.
He even felt contempt for recent arrivals from the old country. Every year he hired one to help bring in his crop, using the Jew’s machine, which the Jew rented to Georg after his own tobacco was cut and stored. Yet Georg had once been just as awkward and disoriented as any of those greenhorns. The day he landed, he and his wife and daughter (the boy arrived the next spring after two years in a camp for Displaced Persons) were packed into the back of a pickup with only bags of feed to cushion the rocky backroads. The driver dropped them off at a cabin in what seemed the middle of a forest. Inside they found a candle, two dirty mattresses, and a cellophane bag decorated with red, blue, and yellow polka dots. They hadn’t eaten since breakfast, but it did not occur to any of  them that the outlandish bag might contain food. When their sponsor—an immigrant himself, though seeming as American to Georg then as Franklin Roosevelt—arrived the next morning, he called them fools for going hungry. But even after he had opened the bag and exposed the slices of white ﬂuff inside, Georg could not believe it was kin to the rich dark loaves he had eaten in his homeland. Oddly enough, he was now addicted to that sweet, spongy substance.
The pickup began pulling hard to the left. He had put off rotating its rubber, knowing that, come winter, he would have to buy snow tires. He stopped as close as he dared to a deep ditch where the road’s shoulder ought to have been.
The left-front, merely bald a few weeks ago but now showing brown ﬁber, was ﬂat. The spare was in no better condition. He didn’t see how he could get by with either of them, even if he reversed the front and rear wheels. He had hoped to avoid any major outlay until spring, when proﬁts from the harvest would be safely in the bank. But now it looked as if he would have to dip into his savings, something he dreaded even more than he did the hellﬁre that the pastor of his old Sunday school used to warn his charges to fear worse than death. Sin, after all, could be expiated, but a withdrawal in a bankbook was a perpetual stigma of his improvidence.
He cursed the Jew again as he lifted the spare tire free of its moorings. If he had not been obliged to go on this foolish errand, he would not have gotten this ﬂat, and so would not have realized how badly off the pickup’s rubber was. He could have spent the evening at home with his old woman, watching their favorite TV show. As it was, he would see no television (the Jew’s was broken), and would worry all night about the money he must withdraw to buy new tires.
He was too old for this kind of  work—up at dawn, with no rest until the sun set. At his age, back in the old country he would have been able to start taking it easy, delegating the heavy work to his son, who would be happy to give his youth to the farm on the prospect of one day calling it his own. But that wasn’t the American way. Here, it was every man for himself and to hell with the old folks. A man had to work until he dropped and give the best fruits of his labor to a damned Jew too cheap to keep his television in repair or use a telephone for anything but business—the same Jew who, back home, would not have dared to address him without ﬁrst dofﬁng his hat and calling him “sir.” If this was democracy, he would gladly exchange it for the more sensible life his ancestors had enjoyed.
The familiar gate was barely visible in the fading light. Gottlieb never swung it closed. Its weathered planks served no purpose but to mark the turnoff for the dirt track leading to the farmhouse surrounded by large tracts of  tobacco, Gottlieb’s and his neighbors’. To reach the house you had to risk life and axle on a winding road deeply rutted by the runoff from the raised ﬁelds on either side. If you chanced upon a vehicle coming in the opposite direction, you or the other driver had to back off to the main road or reverse all the way to the Jew’s property a quarter mile in.
The house itself, a standard American two-story with aluminum siding, was newer than Georg’s but was already deteriorated in a way his own older wood-frame never would be. The white metal siding looked imperishable, obscenely so, but he knew the roof leaked (Gottlieb paid his neighbor’s boy a few dollars to do patchwork and kept a couple pails handy for when it rained), and the septic tank overﬂowed once a month. Inside, there was dirt everywhere, most of the furniture was broken, and from early spring to late fall the ceilings were spotted with thousands of black ﬂies. Georg had never seen a ﬂyswatter in the house, much less witnessed anyone using one.
He parked the truck on the baked clay where the front lawn ought to have been. His own house was surrounded by lush grass and patches of seasonal ﬂowers which his wife tended as lovingly as she did her plates and linen—crocus and daffodil in spring, roses throughout summer, chrysanthemum and marigold at this time of year. But there wasn’t even a green weed to grace Gottlieb’s barren homestead. It might have belonged to some hillbilly on welfare. It was shocking that a landsman, even a Jew, should live in such circumstances. God knew he had the means to do better.
There was no light showing as he inserted his key in the backdoor lock (the front door was bolted shut). He knew where everything should be in the big kitchen, but he took his time, careful not to bark a shin or trip over the cat’s dish. If he ever did take a header while doing the Jew’s bidding he could expect no compensation for his injury—Gottlieb insured nothing but his farm machinery. If the house burned down Gottlieb would present himself at Georg’s door as if he were kin claiming a birthright. And Georg knew he would have no choice but to take him in.
His knee struck a misplaced chair. Edna doubtless heard it and was now beside herself, imagining some killer-rapist had broken in.
“It’s me!” he shouted.
She didn’t answer, probably buried under a mountain of quilts in the double bed she and the Jew shared. Even on the hottest of nights she slept beneath two blankets and, when winter came, appropriated every coat and sweater in the house. She would rather be chopped to pieces by a homicidal maniac than expose herself to the night air. Gottlieb, of course, would not turn on the furnace until there was a clear danger of the pipes freezing.
It would serve her right, Georg decided as he lumbered up the creaky stairs, if he really was a crazed killer instead of just her husband’s obedient employee. She was so frail, so tenuously attached to life, always suffering from one complaint or another. She never lifted a ﬁnger except to make herself a cup of chamomile tea. She was a dry twig ready to snap and be thrown into the ﬁre.
“Is that you?” she hissed from the bedroom, where a dim lamp cast a sickly light through the half-open doorway.
“Yes, yes,” he replied, thinking what a fool she was. He could be anybody—Fuller Brush man, meter reader, chainsaw murderer. He felt the same disgust mixed with pity that he felt for a sick animal he was about to destroy. But Edna Gottlieb was not even his chattel: she was the Jew’s responsibility. His own plump Hilda was home watching their favorite television show or baking a crumbcake for his breakfast. What was he doing here with this desiccated hag? Why had he ever agreed to take on this, the most disagreeable of his chores?
“Take off your shoes,” she croaked as he approached the bed, her blue-white brow barely visible above the mound of bedclothes. Strands of gray hair lay on the sallow pillow like stubble in a barren ﬁeld. He took off his heavy boots and pushed them under the bed. “The door is locked? You locked the door?”
“Yes, Edna.”
He lay down on the bed, having no need for the threadbare blanket she had left for him. He would sleep in his clothes so as to be on his way more quickly in the morning. The Jew would not return till after noon. Georg did not know where he had gone, nor did he care.
In the dark he could just make out a chest of drawers and, near the gray window, a rocking chair. Edna’s breathing had already become deep and regular, with a little puff at the start of each exhale. Soon she would have her ﬁrst nightmare. She would moan like a sick animal, awaken suddenly, and reach out to make sure he was there. 
Then she would sigh, pull the mound of covers higher on her neck, and go back to sleep. He knew her sleeping habits as well as he did his own Hilda’s, who never stirred from the time she laid her head on the pillow until she awoke bright and refreshed the next morning.
What was it she dreamed? All he really knew about her was that, like himself, she and Gottlieb had been DPs The Jew once mentioned a family business in the old country, but Georg could not remember if they had been grain dealers or moneylenders. One thing the Jew could not have been was a farmer. Only Christians held land, and Protestant and Catholic regarded each another with as much suspicion as they did Jews. Even cattle took on the religious identity of their owners. There was a time when he himself believed he could distinguish a Catholic cow from a Protestant cow.
He had a long day ahead of him and needed his sleep. He wanted to shake her awake but was afraid she might report him.
“’itte,” she gasped, breathing hard as if she were running away from something. Then, more clearly, “Bitte, bitte,” like a child pleading not to be punished. He pressed his hands over his ears until all he could hear was the roar of his own deafness. What was he doing here? he asked himself again. Why was he being punished for crimes he never committed?
He uncovered his ears. There was no sound. “Edna?”
He reached out to touch her, but his hand sank into a mountain of soft blanket. It was as if her old bones had immaterialized, or as if they had never been solid to begin with, a walking, breathing specter of those wasted corpses that troubled his sleep. An old but familiar terror began to stir in him, the fear he used to feel as a boy when he walked past a graveyard. And just as they did when there was only the unpredictable dead to beleaguer him, his legs wanted to run, to carry him away from this house of misery and bad dreams.
He heard a low whimpering, then the sounds of more serious weeping—not a spoiled child’s self-indulgent tears but the half-stiﬂed sobs of ancient, hopeless bereavement. The Edna he knew was capable of whining with self-pity over an imaginary ache, but the woman beside him was grieving for something greater than a muscle spasm or a nightmare. 
The dark room began to blur as if a part of his own interior landscape matched precisely the shape and cause of the misery beside him.
It was like trying to get his arm around a snowdrift. At ﬁrst she didn’t seem to notice his embrace. Then her breath suddenly caught short.
“Yah, yah,” he grumbled, just as he used to when one of his children woke from a bad dream. “Yah, yah, yah.”
She hesitated, snifﬁng as if  trying to identify him by smell. Satisﬁed, she gave a long, uneven sigh and pulled the covers up around her ears. He removed his arm, feeling suddenly foolish. She might even have mistaken his intentions.
For a few moments there was no sound. Then, insubstantial as the darkness, the voice of a very old child whispered...“Danke.”



Death of the Monsignor


Sister Mary Osborne had been up since ﬁve a.m., half an hour earlier than Sister Cleary. Five a.m. was her normal time for rising, not just on days when she had to get her fellow nun ready for a trip to the mother house. As superior of the convent, however reduced its population, Sister Osborne took it as a matter of course that she should put in longer hours and do more work. It was the price and privilege of responsibility.
It was a warm, clear day. With any luck, in a few hours Sister Cleary would be sipping lemonade and enjoying a view of the upper Hudson from a cool porch far from the noise and dirt of Brooklyn. Both nuns had served their novitiates in the same mother house upstate, though four years apart, and still spoke of those early days fondly. Sister Osborne, who had never lost her Michigan twang, arrived three days short of her seventeenth birthday on the old New York Central, a ten-hour journey from Detroit plus the initial car ride down from the Upper Peninsula. Sister Cleary traveled by the same railroad but out of Penn Station in Manhattan. It was only the second time she had been into New York, and she never dreamed she would be spending the rest of her life in a part of that city she had only heard mentioned in jokes or by her brothers at World Series time.
“You packed your hand cream?” Sister Osborne asked this bright summer morning nearly half a century later, eyeing Sister Cleary’s overnight as if she would like to inspect its contents for herself. “It could be a couple days before you get a chance to run into town.” 
“I packed it ﬁrst thing.”
“Take mine as well. I can always pop over to the pharmacy for more.”
“Really, Sister, I’ll be ﬁne.”
Sister Cleary zipped shut the plain vinyl bag she used for her annual trip upstate and for the occasional weekend to New Jersey to visit her older sister, the only other surviving child of what had once been ﬁve strapping young Clearys. She used to visit a female cousin in Rockville Center, but the cousin had moved to Jacksonville as soon as her eldest child graduated college.
“There’re two ﬁves in your purse and another twenty in your overnight. I’ve already sent a check on ahead in case some unusual expense arises.”
“All I need is a subway token to get to the train station, and another one to get back here.”
“You have your ticket?”
“In my missal. First Corinthians.”
“Good,” Sister Osborne said, not noting the smirk that had creased Sister Cleary’s thin lips. “Then, you’re all set.”
The train was scheduled to depart Grand Central Terminal at 10:31. It was just past 8:30. Even allowing for a subway delay, Sister Cleary knew she would probably end up sitting for an hour in the terminal’s waiting area. She didn’t mind. Train stations were adventurous places, free of the anxieties that seemed to attach themselves to airports. Usually she spent the time chatting with another waiting passenger, someone who was headed to quite a different destination from herself—grandmothers on their way to visit cherished progeny, businesspeople with jobs that took them all over the world. Then, on the train, there was more opportunity for socializing. No one was afraid to talk to a nun and she felt free to initiate a conversation even if her seatmate was a man. At the end of the trip she would see no one but other nuns for the next two weeks, apart from brief excursions into town to tour the local ﬁve-and-dime or a ride out into the country with a stop at one of the malls. In a way, the train ride was the part of her vacation she most looked forward to. Much as she loved her sister nuns, she enjoyed being out in “the world” too, however brieﬂy.
“You should have ﬁne weather through the rest of the week.” 
“Good thing I packed my bathing suit.”
Sister Osborne regarded the older woman carefully before ﬁnally giving her a tap on the arm. “Go on.”
“Shall we get started?”
Sister Osborne pushed back the heavy blue fabric from her wrist and raised her wireless glasses in order to read the face of her plastic digital watch. Neither she nor Sister Cleary wore the old black habit, having long ago exchanged it for a mid-calf skirt, white blouse and jacket—royal blue in Sister Osborne’s case, black for Sister Cleary. In place of the tight cowl-like wimple, they each wore a headband and veil that covered most of their hair and extended to the middle of their backs. Again, Sister Osborne chose blue, Sister Cleary black.
“You have plenty of time.”
Sister Cleary would sooner be gazing into shop windows at Grand Central, but she knew that after she was gone Sister Osborne would have no one to talk to. Women from the parish would come by to sort coupons for the Missions, and of course the parish’s Filipino curate would be right next door in the rectory. There were also repairs to the elementary school to oversee. But talking with the laity, or even with a priest, was not the same as having another nun to chat with, someone who experienced the world from “inside the walls,” as Sister Osborne sometimes put it, though neither of them had ever lived in a convent that actually had a wall around it. Sister Cleary had heard that police divided the world into three groups: themselves, criminals and everyone else. She wouldn’t go that far—we were all God’s children, after all—but the life of a woman in the religious life was something only another nun could properly appreciate.
“You packed your medications?”
“First thing,” Sister Cleary said, patting the black bag lying beneath the high wingback chair where she was seated. All the furniture in the room, the convent’s parlor and only area where guests were received, was at least forty years old—two other wingbacks, a few straight-back wooden chairs and a loveseat. An upright piano stood untuned and unused since the days when ﬁfteen or twenty nuns, many of them girls still in their teens, used to occupy the building. 
The walls were a faded mint green, relieved only by a portrait of the current pope and the order’s last two mothers superior. Two sets of dusty brocade curtains framed the street and sidewalk outside, the view being chieﬂy of a supermarket recently bought out by Arabs, a Hallmark greeting-card store and the maroon canopy of Crowley’s Funeral Parlor located conveniently across from the church’s main entrance.
“I ran into Mrs. Matthews the other day,” Sister Osborne said, staring out at a team of Con Edison workers making repairs in the street opposite the supermarket. One of the store’s owners, a stocky man with a big moustache who always wore a white coat on the job and never stopped picking his teeth, was watching the Con Ed men from behind the store’s big plate glass window. She noted by the large red lettering to either side of him that detergent was on sale as was ground round, though she didn’t trust the meat in there enough to take advantage of the low prices. She used to do most of the food shopping for the convent back when Karl, a Polish Jew, still owned the store. He made a great fuss over her and liked to talk about Poland before the War, current politics or any other subject she was willing to entertain. Then one day he took a fall and was forced to put the store up for sale. “Did you realize Johnnie Matthews will be ordained this June already?”
“It seems like only yesterday he was running around the schoolyard.”
Sister Osborne raised her thin eyebrows at a passing bus whose entire side was covered with a poster depicting a young topless woman in tight blue jeans. “Twenty years, give or take.” She sighed and shook her head. “The only seminarian this parish has produced in more than a decade.” She turned away from the street outside. “Do you remember that other boy, the one who said he wanted to become pope?”
“Edgar Hernandez. A cardinal, I think it was. He was very fond of the color red.”
“I seem to distinctly remember him saying he wanted to be pope. I wonder what ever happened to him?”
“He also wanted to play the Virgin Mary in the Christmas pageant.” 
“Did he really?”
“One time I caught him wearing Mary Sheehy’s skirt. A good thing she had tights on that day.”
“Oh, dear. I had no idea he was so...odd.”
“We had a few more like him,” Sister Cleary declared matter-of-factly. “One in every class, more or less.”
“And I thought Edgar would make such a good priest. He seemed so...sociable.”
“He was certainly that.”
Sister Osborne turned tentatively toward Sister Cleary. When their eyes met they each hesitated for a moment, then broke into laughter at the same time.
One of the Con Ed workers began attacking the pavement with a pneumatic drill. The supermarket man carefully removed something from between his front teeth, then resumed picking.
Raising her voice so as to be heard above the din, Sister Osborne said, “Father Carillo will have his hands full again if  the diocese doesn’t send him someone to help out with the Sunday masses.”
“For sure. One man can’t handle all that and run the parish as well.” Then with a cautious look Sister Cleary asked, “The Monsignor’s no better?”
Sister Osborne shook her head slowly and, as if in deference to the grave subject that had been raised, the jackhammer fell silent. “The prognosis is not good, Sister. Not good at all. I spoke to his doctor on Tuesday when Father Carillo and I went to visit.”
Sister Cleary waited to see if Sister Osborne was going to say anything more. But the younger woman merely pressed her lips tightly together.
“He’s had a long and faithful service,” Sister Cleary said ﬁnally. “His reward in heaven will be great.”
But Sister Osborne’s thoughts were still very much with the temporal world. She had known the Monsignor when he was a young curate fresh out of seminary. She was a young nun then herself, though already working in the parish four years before he arrived. Tall, darkly handsome and full of life, he quickly became a great favorite with clergy and parishioners alike. He even addressed some of the nuns by their Christian names, back in a time when nuns renounced their given names in favor of a saint whom they hoped to emulate. She had never gotten over the ﬁrst shock of having him address her as “Marge,” although of course he never did so when they were within earshot of a parishioner or the mother superior. “It’s me—Frank,” he would say when he called the convent from a sick visit or Little League practice. “Is that you, Marge?” as if they were a couple of high schoolers.
Now all that remained of that vigorous young man were the intense dark eyes, though sunk so deep into his yellow skull that they seemed to be peering out at her as the last remnants of the healthy ﬂesh that used to harbor them. She had taken his hand, as light and delicate in her own as the skeleton of a sparrow. As she did so, his eyes turned toward her as though in a last appeal, but for what she couldn’t tell. She wanted to say, “It’s all right, Frank. You were a good priest. We all love you,” but with Father Carillo standing right beside her she settled for, “You’re in all our prayers, Monsignor,” then left the hospital room before anyone could see the tears she had been unable to force back.
She felt the touch of Sister Cleary’s cold ﬁngers on her own. “Why don’t I wait a week or two before going away? See how things go.”
Sister Osborne patted the old hand and ﬁshed a tissue out of the long loose sleeve of her jacket. “Not at all. If there’s any...change... well, we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it.”
“You’re quite sure?”
“I’m positive.” Sister Osborne pushed the tissue back under the thick blue fabric and checked the time again. “In fact, it’s time you were getting started.”
The subway station was just half a block away. Everything in the neighborhood was within a short distance of everything else—subway, post ofﬁce, school, church and neighborhood bar, as well as a new triplex movie theater, though neither Sister Cleary nor Sister Osborne expected to ever see the inside of  it. The shopkeepers formed a wide range of nationalities, from Korean and Pakistani to Dominican, Chinese and Russian. Whenever she left Brooklyn for more than a day or two, Sister Cleary found herself quickly bored by the monochrome complexion and predictable accents of upstate New York or suburban New Jersey. She missed polyglot Brooklyn— a remarkable turnaround, she realized, for a girl who didn’t meet her ﬁrst African American until she was twenty-two and used to think of  Jews as a tribe of  desert nomads whose only signiﬁcance was their election by an all-loving God to give birth to the Vehicle for mankind’s redemption.
An older man nodded at the pair of  nuns as they passed by, and they ﬂashed him a big smile and “Good Morning!” in unison. Strangers rarely greeted the clergy anymore, certainly not by comparison with the old days when people of every age and faith felt obliged to do so. Even parochial schoolchildren usually walked right by without so much as a glance, not even bothering to modify their coarse language. Inside the classroom they were the same restless kids they had always been, curious and eager for life, though a large percentage now were black or Hispanic and many of those weren’t even Catholic. Their parents sent them to Holy Family from as far away as Bedford Stuyvesant and East New York, knowing they would be safe and in a disciplined environment where real learning was still possible. These new additions to the more traditional student body did their homework more conscientiously than the kids who lived in the neighborhood and almost never talked back. They were a great opportunity, really, for the Church to win new souls for Christ.
“You won’t forget to take your medications?” Sister Osborne said, setting a toddler’s pace toward the green globe above the subway entrance. “The best thing is to line up the day’s doses on your night table—eight o’clock, noon, four o’clock and so on. That way you can see if you’re on schedule. Put a new spoon beside your mineral oil each morning. Ask someone in the refectory to loan you a few. That way if the spoon is still clean, you know you haven’t taken your dose yet.”
“There’s no need to worry, Sister. I’ll be ﬁne.”
“Oh, I’m not worried,” Sister Osborne replied as if worry were the last thing that ever occupied her thoughts. “I just don’t want you to have any...problems.”
They passed a cobbler’s shop owned by a Russian immigrant who closed on Saturdays, and then a second-hand bookstore whose owner had known both nuns since her own children were in their classes thirty years ago. But the owner was occupied in the rear of the store, and in any case they didn’t want to linger by the window because there was a rather graphic swimsuit calendar on display alongside a copy of How to Pass the Police Ofﬁcer Exam.
Finally they reached the subway entrance. For Sister Cleary this was always the most awkward moment of her leave-takings. Once again Sister Osborne would repeat the drill about her medications. Once again Sister Osborne would remind her what to do if  she should need extra cash. Then there would be a formal embrace at the top of the subway stairs and, though Sister Cleary never looked back, she knew Sister Osborne would be watching her descend the dark stairwell until she safely reached the bottom. Sister Cleary’s worst fear was that, made nervous by Sister Osborne’s concern, she would take a fall before reaching the subway concourse and have to be removed on a stretcher, her vacation gone up in smoke.
But today there was no ﬁnal admonition about taking her pills on time or any of the other cautions they had already gone over at least twice before leaving the convent. And when they did reach the top of the subway stairs Sister Osborne simply kissed the older nun tenderly on the cheek, a brief but frank gesture that was over even as Sister Cleary realized it was happening. “Get a good rest for yourself,” Sister Osborne said, though of course it was change of scene that Sister Cleary went away for. She got plenty of rest, sometimes nothing but, right here in Brooklyn.
“I will.”

Sister Osborne was taking her afternoon rest when the call came from the hospital. She didn’t think of it as a nap because her purpose was not to sleep but simply to let the muscles in her back and legs relax. If she did doze off for a few minutes, that was coincidental and not at all her intent. She hadn’t taken a nap since she was three years old and didn’t intend to start doing so at the age of sixty-eight.
At ﬁrst the telephone’s ring—not a real “ring” anymore but a spooky, gurgling sound that she could not get used to—just seemed part of the general noise out on the avenue where the workmen were still busy. The machines they used were always making odd sounds, especially when they were backing up, as if  a ﬂock of  birds were trying to warn each other about some imminent danger. By the time she was conscious enough to realize that what she was hearing was a telephone, it was already on the third ring and she had to rush to pick up the receiver before whoever it was began to think no one was home, the convent left unattended, something she would never allow to happen.
Getting up so quickly and then rushing from her bedroom to the hallway where the telephone was kept on a small stand just beneath a statue of the Virgin Mary where it had remained since even before her own arrival at the convent made her heart do a series of leaps and left her panting for breath.
It was a nurse at the hospital, a member of the Ladies Auxiliary of the Holy Name of Jesus, whose sons Sister Osborne had taught twenty years earlier when she was home-room to the eighth grade. “He’s gone, Sister. He slipped away a few minutes ago.”
The nurse went on to say something about the Monsignor’s last conscious moments. Sister Osborne did her best to pay attention, but she still had not completely taken in the sense of what the woman had told her. The words she had used seemed oddly ambiguous, suggesting that the Monsignor had effected some sort of slight-of-hand, a legerdemain only available to the sick and dying.
“I knew you’d want to know right away, Sister,” the nurse—Mackey, Sister Osborne ﬁnally remembered, Belinda Mackey—added after the nun had said nothing in response.
She thanked the nurse and rang off, trying to think what she must do next, whom she must notify, what preparations must be made. But all she could think was that the Monsignor was no more. The young man who had once been so full of life that she could imagine him calling right now on this very telephone and telling her, “I’ve made it across all right, Marge. I’m in heaven,” was gone. His soul had departed his body while she had lain in this big empty convent, God forgive her, napping.
She looked at her wristwatch, then hurried down the stairs to check it against the grandfather clock in the hall near the building’s main entrance. She found three hours had passed since she had last checked the time before lying down for her rest. It didn’t seem possible. 
She rushed back upstairs and called the rectory next door, only to be told by the housekeeper that Father Carillo was at the hospital and had been with the Monsignor when he died, having just given him the Last Rites.
She headed back downstairs to offer a prayer in the chapel where the Monsignor, then just a curate, used to offer mass weekday mornings for the dozen or more nuns who used to live in the convent. Nowadays the chapel was only used by herself or Sister Cleary. They attended mass in the nearby church like any other parishioner.
She genuﬂected, knelt down in a darkened pew and ﬁxed her eyes on the red vigil light beside the tabernacle. The Blessed Sacrament was still kept there. No one had ever suggested removing it. To do so would have meant the convent was no longer a religious residence, that in effect as well as literally God had been taken out of it. As long as one nun remained, the Sacrament must remain as well.
She offered a prayer for the Monsignor’s soul. That was what she called him in her prayer—the Monsignor, her pastor, shepherd of Holy Name parish. That was how he would have to appear before the heavenly throne and be judged, and she wanted to remind the Lord that he had been a good shepherd and to beseech Him that His faithful servant be allowed to enter directly into heaven without having to suffer even one moment in the cleansing ﬁres of purgatory. No one could know the heart of another human being, but her prayer and testimony carried a witness of some forty-ﬁve years, and never during that time had any hint of scandal or malfeasance been so much as whispered about the Monsignor. “Accept him into your divine presence,” she prayed, “not for my sake but in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.”
She made a sign of the cross, rose and genuﬂected in the aisle separating the two banks of empty pews. As she rose again from her arthritic knees, this time with difﬁculty, she realized that never again would the Monsignor offer a mass or hear a confession or even greet her on the street with a bright, “Good morning, Sister. Beautiful day, thanks be to God.” Never again would he call on the telephone and address her by her Christian name, the only human being still alive who could feel free to do so. That part of her, the woman he uniquely knew as colleague and friend, would die with him. Soon, she reﬂected as she made her way out of the small dark chapel, she too would be called on to meet her heavenly Maker, and this convent, once full of young enthusiastic nuns, would be given over to the use of the Boy Scouts and Holy Name Ladies Auxiliary. Nothing but a few dusty pictures would remain of the faith and gaiety that once ﬁlled these rooms. Children would look up in trepidation at the portraits of those mother superiors, if they noticed them at all. Only the old women who came here to discuss bake sales and parish fairs would recall that a group of  religious dedicated to the service of God had once inhabited these musty rooms. The rest would merely marvel at the ancient carpeting and antique ﬁxtures as if they were in a museum.
She felt tired even though she had just had her rest—a long sleep, really, all but unprecedented in her half century in the religious life except during one of her infrequent bouts of ﬂu. She still had the convent accounts and other chores to ﬁnish. But she felt as if someone had strapped lead weights to her ankles and she again felt lightheaded, as she did when she was awakened by the ringing telephone. Even when she sat down the dizziness persisted. “My Jesus, mercy,” she whispered as a rumbling began in her ears, though whether it was coming from inside her head or from the workmen on the street was hard to tell. She thought she heard a key the convent’s main door— Mrs. Cumberbatch, the West Indian housekeeper come to vacuum the rugs.
“Sistah Osborne?” she heard in an accent she could not quite place. “You dere, Sistah?”

At the Monsignor’s funeral Father Carillo intoned in heavily accented English over the open grave that we should all be mindful of  our own frailty and mortality. A short, round-faced man who looked more Chinese than Philippino, he seemed bewildered by the role he had suddenly been called upon to play. Up until the last few months the Monsignor had kept a tight control on all the day-to-day aspects of parish business, leaving his curate to perform the bulk of the masses, confessions, weddings and other ceremonies. Now the younger priest had all the ﬁscal and managerial responsibility for the parish to look after as well. 
Sister Cleary thought Father Carillo didn’t look all that well himself as he sprinkled holy water onto the deeply varnished casket blanketed beneath a high mound of wreathes. The ﬂowers would be taken back to the church after the funeral and placed under the statue of the cruciﬁxion out on the avenue near the church entrance. Parishioners, usually elderly Hispanic or Italian women, sometimes stopped there to offer a prayer to the white marble ﬁgures of the cruciﬁed Jesus and his Blessed Mother. The funeral parlor across the street saw to it that the statue was never without ﬂowers, even if they were a bit wilted.
“Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost,” the priest said, dousing the cofﬁn again.
“As it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be,” Sister Cleary replied, feeling Sister Osborne’s hand tighten on her own. In her other hand Sister Osborne clutched a cane, a white shaft ending in a three-footed base that enabled her to make a secure connection with the ground. A Velcro strap made sure the cane remained attached to her wrist. “World without end, amen,” she said, her voice scarcely audible.
Sister Cleary asked if she was all right. Sister Osborne nodded. She seemed to have shrunken since her stroke, not just in size but within, as if a vacuum were gradually sucking her into herself. The woman Sister Cleary had returned home to seemed like a sick relation of the vigorous nun who had seen her off at the subway.
It was almost lunchtime. The doctor said Sister Osborne should have light but regular meals. A nurse visited the convent three times a week and a housekeeper came in for three hours each day—Father Carillo had insisted—but most of Sister Osborne’s ordinary care fell to Sister Cleary.
“I think we can leave now,” Sister Cleary said as the mourners began to ﬁle away. But Sister Osborne shook her head in the negative, her small blue eyes full of a determination that she could no longer communicate to the rest of her body. And stay they did, even after all the others had left, while the gravediggers waited impatiently to get on with their work. 



The Naked Woman


That night when he got off the elevator there was a naked woman leaning against the door of 5D. When she saw him she seemed startled, as if she had been expecting someone else, and began to retreat back into her apartment. But when he just stood there, his hat on the back of his head, his mouth agape, she became amused and decided to linger, half in and half out of the doorway.
He hadn’t seen a young naked woman in thirty years—not outside a movie theater or the glossy magazines he hid under the mattress where he thought his wife wouldn’t ﬁnd them. He hadn’t been smiled at the way she was smiling at him now by a woman of any age, ever.
He stepped forward tentatively. The woman did not vanish and he did not wake up. He took another step, but this time she waved a ﬁery ﬁngernail at him and closed her door.
“What are you doing out there?” his wife called from down the hall. She glanced at the empty doorway he was still leering at. “Are you drunk or what?” she demanded, a ﬁst planted on her thick hip. 
He ambled toward her.
“Did you get what I sent you for?” She snatched the bag of groceries which seemed to materialize in his arms and took a quick inventory, calling off each item. He sat down at the kitchen table and pushed his hat further back on his head. “Where’s the spinach?”
“No spinach,” he replied irritably, the only way he ever addressed his wife anymore. 
“You couldn’t stop at Tony’s?” 
“You said A&P. A&P don’t got.”
“You can’t think that much on your own? What, are you some kind of moron?”
He aped a sigh.
“You got your head screwed on backwards,” she said, slamming the refrigerator door. “I break my ass in a hot ofﬁce all day while you lay around the house or hang out with those other bums at the horse parlor. You can’t wash a dish or make a bed. I send you to the store, and you can’t even do that.” She banged a pan onto the stove to start some hamburgers. “A dog couldn’t do less than you, and it would be better company.”
He turned toward the wall. Ever since Esther found a job, he didn’t have it in him to wage the battle royals they used to treat the neighbors to. At least when they were both unemployed he could still hold up his head, if not hold his own, when she lit into him. But with nothing more to look forward to than the weekly ritual of signing for an unemployment check, he no longer had the nerve to shout back at her. He didn’t even bother to look for work anymore. Who wanted a ﬁfty-ﬁve-year old man who’d been selling candy at a theater concession for the past twenty years? Esther at least had experience in her youth as a bookkeeper. But he had never got beyond the eighth grade and, apart from selling candy, only did manual labor.
“Put the garbage out. You can do that much, I hope.” He sighed and pushed himself up from the kitchen table. He grabbed the bag from the plastic container between the stove and sink, and dropped it.
“You’d drop your head if it wasn’t attached.”
While he was trying to get the bag to stand up in the hall for the super to collect later, he looked toward 5D, half-expecting to see the naked woman again. Outside her door was a small brown bag of garbage, neatly folded over. He couldn’t recall its being there earlier. He wondered if the woman put it out after he had seen her. And if so, did she come out in the hall naked or just slip her arm out and prop it against the wall? There was no sign of her now, in any case. As he turned to go back inside 5B, his own bag toppled over, spilling eggshells across the tile ﬂoor. 
Despite Esther’s complaints about his wasting time, there really was nothing for him to do from one end of the day to the other. After she left in the morning he ﬁxed himself a second cup of coffee, then went out for a copy of the News. Sometimes he ran into a fellow horse player, but usually he came straight back to the apartment, looked to see what were the best prospects, and wrote down his picks. He could only afford to place a bet twice a week, but he culled the lists of horses every day as if he had a bankroll to devote to them.
Then he took a nap. Sometimes his wife called to ask if he had straightened up the house yet. If she heard sleepiness in his voice (he wasn’t one of those people who could just snap themselves awake) she thought up new chores for him. After lunch he took a walk. He could generally ﬁnd one of his cronies in the park. If not, he settled for a chat with the super, who hung out on the sidewalk in nice weather. Then he came back upstairs to wait for Esther.
It wasn’t an exciting life, but he was getting used to it. In fact, if it weren’t for his wife’s nagging, he wouldn’t mind being out of work at all, not as long as the rent got paid and there was food on the table. Esther, of course, felt differently. She missed the little trips they used to take before they lost their concession—a day’s excursion to the Catskills, an overnight to her mother’s in New Jersey. But even more, she missed working in the theater. They had only sold candy and checked hats and coats, but she liked to think of herself as “theater people.” Sometimes, on the less and less frequent occasions they got asked out socially and she took a couple drinks, she talked about her job, or even her career, in the theater. It annoyed him to hear her go on like that.
The morning after he had seen the naked woman in the hall he went about his usual routine. He drank a second cup of coffee, went out for the newspaper and came back to study the racing page. He hadn’t given the woman much thought. After all, seeing her was just a ﬂuke, a longshot, like looking out his bedroom window and spotting a life class in progress in the art school across the street. Even that only happened once, and somebody quickly drew the curtains, as if they knew that Howard Plotkin, Dirty Old Man, was peeking.
After he ﬁnished going through the News, he stretched out on the sofa. If he were to lie down in the bedroom he might not hear the phone when Esther called, or it might take him so long to get to it that she would know he was napping. He was just dozing off, already dreaming about a boyhood friend who had been killed at Anzio, when the doorbell rang. At ﬁrst the sound seemed to be part of his dream—his friend Herbie ringing his bicycle bell to call him out to play. But when the doorbell rang a second time he sat up and called, “Yeah, just a minute,” fumbling to button his pants, which had gotten tight recently. The only person who ever rang his doorbell was the mailman when he had a package for a neighbor.
“I’m coming,” he mumbled as the bell rang a third time, the same way Esther continued to nag even after he had agreed to do as she said. He was in a foul mood by the time he released the chain.
Standing in the hall was the naked woman. Only, she wasn’t naked. She was wearing a raspberry-colored bathrobe, holding it closed with her hand, although there was a tie hanging from loops at the waist. Her large breasts sat tidily on a freckled forearm which secured the robe to her body.
“Hi, I’m Natalie. I live in 5D, and I was wondering if you would do me a favor.”
No indication of their meeting in the hall the previous evening. No sign of embarrassment on her face, which looked older—thirty, thirty-ﬁve—than it did yesterday.
“Sure,” he said. “Come on in.”
“Actually, I was wondering if you would come over to my place.” She bared two rows of perfect teeth. “I have a leaky faucet that’s driving me crazy, and I can never seem to get hold of  the super. Every time I stop by his place, he’s out. Would you mind taking a look at it? If you’re not busy, I mean,” she added with a glance into the rooms behind him.
“Busy?” He nervously patted ﬁrst one pocket, then the other to locate his housekeys, making a gruff sound of amusement in his throat. “Me, I’m not busy. I don’t do nothing but lay around all day anyhow.”
As she swung her own door open for him she said, “I hate to impose on you.”
He was already familiar with the layout of the “D” apartments—Esther had a friend in 6D—but he wasn’t ready for the decor inside this one: red furniture, red rug, and black curtains to hide the view of the airshaft. It was mid-morning, but the apartment would have been like a cave if it weren’t for two spotlights mounted on the ceiling. A white Angora jumped down from the sofa and rubbed against his leg.
“Nice place.”
“Oh, Gawd”—he could tell she wasn’t from New York—“please don’t look. It hasn’t been cleaned in weeks. My woman’s been sick, and I’m simply up to my ears in work.”
They had reached the bathroom. The faucet leaked a steady plop-plop into the metal drain.
“You can hear what a nuisance it is. It actually keeps me awake at night. I can’t close the door because Leroy has to get to his box. Do you think you can do anything with it?”
He frowned gravely as he opened and closed the faucet. She watched as carefully as if they were deciding the prognosis of a sick relative. Her robe had slipped open a couple inches, exposing her neck and the tops of the soft mounds below. “I’ll have to get my tools.”
As she followed him back toward the hallway, he asked—casually, he hoped—“What kind of work do you do?” She rested her hip against the door jamb, the same pose she was striking when he saw her naked the previous night. She smiled elaborately.
“I’m in the theater.”
He was trembling so much that he had trouble ﬁtting the key into his lock. Once inside, he dropped a wrench on his foot and spilled a box of washers on the kitchen ﬂoor. As he was locking the door again, the phone began to ring. That would be Esther. He could answer it, or he could let her think he was out. He hesitated, clutching the heavy wrench to his chest. He decided to let it ring.
“Sorry I took so long,” he said, putting his hardware down on the woman’s toilet seat.
“You don’t mind if  I get dressed?” she called from the bedroom. “I have an audition at one.”
The idea of  her dressing in the next room started his heart pumping again. He began work on the faucet, but a moment later realized he had forgotten to bring a screwdriver. This time he let himself out. Incredibly, the phone was still ringing in his apartment. “Where were you? Sleeping, I suppose. Aren’t you good for anything but sleeping and eating? Did you bring the clothes to the laundry?”
“Not yet.”
“Have you done the dishes?” 
“No.”
“Well, what have you done? What do you think I am, your free-meal ticket? The least you can do is clean up and take wash to the laundry. That shouldn’t be too much of a strain on you.”
“All right.”
“And put some iced tea in the refrigerator. This place I work in is a hotbox.”
“All right, already.”
His anger took him as much by surprise as it did his wife. “What have you got a bug up your ass about? I’m the one out breaking my butt while you lay around and get your beauty sleep.”
He didn’t argue. He promised to do as she said.
“And don’t forget to get my good dress out of the cleaners. And try not to look like a complete slob tonight.”
“Tonight?”
“At Mildred’s. I suppose you forgot we’re going to Mildred and Arthur’s for dinner? You’d forget your head if it wasn’t attached.” He promised to get her dress and to wear something presentable.
“You seem to be in a big hurry to get rid of me.” 
“I’m in the middle of something.”
“Useful, I hope.” 
“I’m...ﬁxing a washer.”
“While you’re at it, see if you can do something with the bedoom door. It hasn’t closed right for months.”
He hurried back to 5D. Natalie was still in the bedroom. It only took a few minutes to change the washer. He screwed the metal housing back and tested it. To his surprise, it worked ﬁne.
The bedroom door opened. Natalie emerged in a braless halter top and shorts. She looked even sexier than she did when he saw her naked.
“What do you think?”
The question, the idea that his opinion should matter, left him speechless.
“Fine,” he ﬁnally stammered. “You look...great.”
“You ﬁxed it!” She turned the faucet on and off several times. Each time it worked perfectly. “You can’t imagine what this means to me. You’re a sweetheart!” She threw her arms around him just long enough for him to feel the push of her breasts.
Then suddenly they were out in the hall. “I have to run. Wish me luck.”
“Break a leg.”
She gave him a big smile. When the elevator arrived she winked, did a bump and, after stepping inside, blew a kiss at him through the window.
He wore his good suit to Mildred and Arthur’s—not because Esther insisted but because, for the ﬁrst time in months, he felt like dressing up. His hosts noticed the change right away.
“What are you feeding him, Esther?”
“I think he’s got a girlfriend on the side,” Arthur teased.
Esther had two cocktails before dinner and drank half a bottle of wine with the meal. By the time dessert arrived she was reminiscing about her career in the theater. Mildred and Arthur, childhood friends who had done well for themselves in their own real estate business, humored her. But Howard, who usually suffered her fantasy in silence, this time objected.
“Why don’t you stop this nonsense? Arthur and Mildred know you were only a hatcheck girl. Why are you putting on airs?”
She swallowed hard and he ﬁgured he was in for it. Instead, she began to cry. Mildred sat down beside her and took her hand. He himself was too surprised by the effect of his words to do or say anything else.
“I don’t know what went wrong,” she sobbed, ignoring the tissue her friend was offering. “I just don’t know.” Mildred patted her arm and encouraged her to blow her nose.
During the ride home on the subway, Esther kept silent. Howard ﬁgured she was waiting for later to lower the boom. When they got off  the elevator he saw there was another tidy parcel of  garbage outside 5D. He wondered how Natalie’s audition had gone. He remembered the smile she had given him and the kiss she had blown through the elevator window.
Esther went straight to bed, leaving her clothes on the back of a chair. When Howard slipped under the sheet beside her, she turned her  back to him. He still expected her to explode any moment, but after several minutes passed she still had said nothing.
He touched her arm.
She sighed. Encouraged, he laid a hand on her shoulder. Then he pulled gently, and she allowed herself to be turned onto her back. There were tears on her face, the wet mascara tracing a graph of misery down her cheeks. Earlier, he had thought her grief staged: she really did aspire once to be an actress. But she had no reason to put on an act just for him.
“Essie?”
For a moment she seemed to have trouble placing the impassioned face above her. She smiled hesitantly, the way she used to when they ﬁrst started keeping company. That was forty years ago. But behind the sagging ﬂesh and thinning gray hair the essential woman, neither young nor old, lived on. And no mere sex queen could call up the complex passion she aroused in him.
“Essie,” he whispered hoarsely.
She smiled again, this time without reservation, and drew her arms tight around him.



Crank Call


Bob Morrissey came to see me for a checkup every six months regular as clockwork. The usual X rays, a routine cleaning. Six months later the same deal. In ﬁve years never a cancellation I can recall (some patients specialize in last-minute excuses, everything from a sick pet to a boss who’s holding them hostage at the ofﬁce). He was a cheerful, joking sort—everyone has their own way of coping with what they dread—slim, early-middle-aged, just going to gray. What I like to think I’ll look like myself in ten years, if I still have my hair. We talked about changes in the city, our kids, baseball.
Imagine my surprise when Sonia tells me someone’s called to cancel Mr. Morrissey’s one o’clock appointment because the man has died.
“Last night,” she said, gathering up instruments from my ten-thirty to put in the autoclave. “Heart attack.”
I washed my hands and stood drying them at the window facing the trafﬁc circle outside the ofﬁce. Patients die, of course. I lose one or two every year—old folks who arrive for their appointments accompanied by a relative or hired companion. Cancer victims. You can usually see it coming. But Bob Morrissey had no chronic ailment I was aware of (I double-checked his folder when Sonia went on her lunch break). No special medications. The unexpected happens, of course. Even so, I had a hard time putting him out of my mind as I sat munching the cold turkey-loaf my wife had made into a sandwich from last night’s dinner. 
Sonia didn’t mention Morrissey again except to let me know she had moved his folder to the “dead” ﬁle, obviously not intending any irony. Sonia’s like that. All business. That’s why I hired her despite the way she says “ax” for “ask” and an ass most men would have trouble keeping their hands off.
I continued to think about Morrissey that ﬁrst week, even dreamed about him a couple times. But gradually his memory faded and I only recalled him when some new patient or the taste of Myrna’s cold turkey-loaf reminded me of that warm August morning.
About a month later I was checking the lineup of patients for the week when I saw penciled in for the Wednesday two o’clock a Robert Morrissey.
“What’s this?” I asked Sonia.
“It turns out he didn’t die after all. He had a heart attack all right, but now he’s better.”
I got the same queer feeling—astonishment mixed with glee— that I still feel when I dream my border collie hasn’t been killed after all by that hit-and-run when I was twelve.
That night my wife said I looked like I had just won the lottery. She asked if I was fooling around with another woman.
“Honey, how often does a man come back from the dead?”                
“He wasn’t dead. Your nurse just got the message wrong. If you hired an American you wouldn’t have this kind of mix-up in the ﬁrst place.”
I didn’t bother to point out yet again that, being Puerto Rican, Sonia was as American as we were. A good thing Myrna doesn’t know what the girl looks like in a tight uniform.
I dreamed about Morrissey again that night, although I didn’t realize it until I had come downstairs the next morning and immediately began dialing my ofﬁce number.
“What are you doing?” my wife asked, the coffee she had put out for me still untouched.
“Checking my answering machine.” There were no messages.
“You had another nightmare. I couldn’t get back to sleep for an hour.” 
It was only then that I remembered the dream and understood why I had gone straight to the telephone instead of sitting down to breakfast as usual.
“You dreamed he died again?” 
“The opposite,” I said.
“That he didn’t die?  For that you have a nightmare?”
I broke a tooth that morning. Cracked it right down the middle like a ﬁrst-year intern. I told the patient there must have been a hairline fracture, but I felt like a jerk. Before each new appointment I checked with Sonia to see if there were any cancellations.
“Are you all right?” she asked as she cleared up after the one-thirty.
“I’m ﬁne,” I said.
Come two o’clock, there was no Bob Morrissey. Two-ﬁfteen, two-thirty.
“Your two-forty-ﬁve is here.” I told her to show them in.

“So,” my wife said when I got home, “how did he look?” 
“Who?” I replied, carrying my son’s tricycle into the house. If I told Myrna once I told her a thousand times not to leave the kids toys in the driveway.
“Your dead man. Morrison.”
I dropped the trike on the living room rug—she doesn’t even like anyone to walk on it, much less leave a muddy trike there. “His name is Morrissey,” I said. He was a no-show.”
“Again?”
“That’s right. Is dinner ready?  I’m starving.”
After she had put the boys to bed for the night, she said, “You’re in a pretty foul mood. Did Sonia screw up again?”
“No, Sonia did not screw up. Sonia rarely screws up. Why don’t you ease up on the girl?  You never even met her.”
“Then, what’s eating you?”
“Nothing’s eating me,” I said. “I’m tired, that’s all.”
In the morning I put on a cheerful face and gave her a big kiss to make up for the way I had behaved. Then she reminded me we had a dinner date that night at a friend’s house. 
“Shit,” I said.
“I thought you liked Liz.”
“I do. I’m sorry. I’m just having a bad week.”
I had two difﬁcult extractions the next day. I can go months without having to pull a tooth, and never do so except by my own choosing. But neither of those jobs should have been a problem—a single root that had been supporting a crown for less than a year; a back molar that was loose as a baby tooth, thanks to long-term gum disease. But the root refused to budge for half an hour, and the molar, though it came out with just a mild tug, bled so badly I was afraid I’d have to cauterize it.
I had already decided that Morrissey was in fact dead. The second call was just a prank. A sadistic prank, but a prank nonetheless. It wasn’t the ﬁrst time someone had called pretending to be someone else. One morning I found a message on my machine from the queen of England: She couldn’t make her ten-thirty appointment because she had to review the palace guard, but could I please squeeze her in at three forty-ﬁve?  Abraham Lincoln has also called, as have Marilyn Monroe and Elvis. Not to mention the messages from anti-Semites who had rather unoriginal plans for what they would do with me after they took control of the country.
But this business around Morrissey’s death, and the cruel pleasure someone was taking from resurrecting him, was getting to me. I even began snapping at Sonia.
“Would you like for me to go?” she asked after the last patient had left for the day.
“As soon as we’ve cleaned up.” 
“I mean...quit,” she said.
“Why would I want you to quit?”
She shrugged and gathered up the dirty instruments from my tray. “I only ax because I seem to be getting on your nerves.”
We were standing in the cramped quarters of  the examining room. It was a proximity we were used to, a mere condition of our employment. But I was suddenly very conscious of the woman beneath the uniform and the heat that I felt or imagined I felt coming from her body. I wanted to hold that warmth and press the comfort of that ﬂesh against my own. But all I did was mumble, “This Morrissey thing. I can’t explain it.” She put her hand on my arm.
“I understand,” she assured me in a tone I realized she must use with her eight-year-old.
A few days later I received another call, this time directly from the late Mr. Morrissey. Actually it was Sonia who took it. I had gone out to put a couple quarters in the parking meter.
“Did you recognize the voice?”
“Not really. I mean, it could have been him. Or someone that sounds like him.”
I began to put two and two together. Whoever it was that made the call must have seen me leave the building to feed that parking meter. But who would be watching me—watching both of us—that closely?  The idea that I was being spied on was more disconcerting than the thought of someone using a dead man to harass me.
I called the telephone company and arranged to have caller-ID added to my service. The next time “Morrissey” called I would be able to return the favor. In the meantime, I would keep the ofﬁce blinds closed.
Halloween came. The local witches and goblins marched through the streets carrying baskets of candy and whatever else the neighborhood merchants were handing out. Sonia added to their loot, refusing to take any reimbursement from me. Then the weather turned cold, the holidays just a few weeks away. We hadn’t heard from faux-Morrissey since mid-October. I had been looking forward to calling him back and informing him that the joke was over and that I was referring the matter to the police. But when, two weeks shy of Christmas, there was still no call I began to half-hope that the unpleasantness was over for good.
My wife had been pestering me to take her shopping for the boys’ presents, and I had been putting her off. She bought them toys for Hannukah—little things, stocking stuffers—but they knew the real loot arrived on Christmas morning. It didn’t do any good reminding them that when I was their age I only received one modest gift, a baseball mitt or electronic game. Television had convinced them they deserved the world, and the fact that they were Jewish didn’t make any difference at all. 
I agreed to drive Myrna to the mall when I got home on Christmas Eve. Cancellations come in fast and furious during the holidays, so I knew, barring an emergency, I could probably be out of the ofﬁce by four o’clock. I sent Sonia home at three-thirty with an extra hundred dollars to buy something for her little boy. Then I began attending to some housekeeping chores I didn’t want to be bothered with later in the week.
By four-ﬁfteen I was ready to call it a day. I set the security alarm and was pulling on the new parka my wife had bought me at a close-out sale, when the telephone rang. I expected it would be Myrna calling to see if I had left yet.
“I’d like to make an appointment for my husband Bob Morrissey,” a woman’s voice said. “Who is this?”
There was silence for a moment, then, “Is this Doctor Alper’s ofﬁce?”
“Who is calling?”
“I’m sorry, I must have the wrong number.”
“You’ve got the right number. This is Doctor Alper speaking. I know the number you’re calling from and I’m going to give it to the police to investigate.”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Look, it’s getting tired. I don’t know why you want to continue playing this sick game, but what you’re doing is against the law.”
“Excuse me?”
I hung up. I took off my parka and dialled the seventy-second precinct. The person who answered said I’d have to make my complaint in person but added that the lieutenant assigned to harassment cases was gone for the day and wouldn’t be back until after Christmas.
I asked to speak to the captain and eventually was connected to a Sergeant Ortiz. I explained my problem and gave him the number of the caller I had just spoken with. He said he would have someone look into the matter ﬁrst thing in the morning.
“They could have the number changed by then,” I said.
“We can still ﬁnd out where the call was made from. Did this individual,” he asked, “make any kind of threat against you?” 
“Isn’t harassment enough?”
“They didn’t threaten you or anyone else with bodily harm?” 
“No.”

There’s a large wooded area near my house, a good place to take the dog for a walk. Snow doesn’t stop me. Winter is my favorite season. I was walking in those woods on Christmas Day just as the sun was going down. It had been a predictable holiday, the usual opening of presents in the morning, with far too much money spent on video games and other stuff that would be forgotten in a couple weeks. Later we drove over to Myrna’s sister’s for dinner, where I had to pretend an interest in her husband’s new car and computer. Even after we got back home, testy from too much rich food and alcohol, there were still the inane television specials to endure, with nothing for adults but Christmas carols and old holiday movies.
I hadn’t said anything to my wife about the latest crank call. I knew she wouldn’t want something like that to intrude on her festivities. Nor was I dwelling on it myself. My home life has always seemed a distinct world from the one I inhabit at work.
The short day’s light was rapidly fading. I could barely see where I was going. But I generally follow the same route, and the dog’s presence was reassuring. She wasn’t a puppy anymore. We had gotten her when Andrew was just entering pre-school. She moved cautiously now, picking her way through the fallen leaves like an old woman afraid of  taking a fall. Soon, I thought, if  not this year then the next, she would have to be put down. I wondered if Andrew, who rarely walked her himself anymore, though he still expected her to sleep with him every night, would miss her as much as I would. His thoughts had already turned to girls, and he preferred the company of his soccer chums to this aging animal who was once his constant companion.
Suddenly I came to a dead halt. That wasn’t the voice of a prankster who had called the day before. There had been no trace of sarcasm. Not even a professional actor could have aped her shock when I accused her of committing a criminal act. A true mischief-maker would have expected that kind of response and mocked me, or at least betrayed amusement. Why else bother to make the call?
“Where are you going?” Myrna asked when she saw me take the car keys from the hook attached to the kitchen cabinets.
“Some business at the ofﬁce.” 
“On Christmas Day?”
“I’ll be back in a couple hours.”

It was so late in the day I assumed most holiday-makers had, like ourselves, already returned home. But there was considerable trafﬁc on the Jersey Turnpike. It thickened as I approached the Verrazano Bridge, then slowed to a crawl on the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway. Soon I was sitting in a clot of vehicles high above Bay Ridge, alongside a station wagon full of young Hispanics. In the lane on the other side of me a white couple were arguing while their newborn slept in a car seat behind them.
I felt as if I were looking at myself, like one of those ﬁctional characters made invisible in order to better appreciate their blessings. Only, I was glad I had the car all to myself, glad I didn’t have a worrying wife beside me or a couple kids rough-housing in the back seat. I wondered if I would feel any different if I really were single, with no place but a bachelor apartment to return to at the end of my trip.
It seemed strange, walking into a darkened ofﬁce. I usually arrive before Sonia in the mornings, but even in the dead of winter the sky is light by the time I get there. The waiting room furniture looked a bit shabby, reminding me how long it had been since I took over the practice from Doctor Friedman.
I doubted whoever was making those calls expected to see me there on Christmas, but I checked to see the blinds were closed before ﬂipping on the lights. Then I sat down in the small ofﬁce where I keep my molds and a second phone. I looked up Bob Morrissey’s home number in Sonia’s schedule book to verify it was the same as the one I had gotten off caller-ID. In my upset the day before, I hadn’t even thought to compare the two.
“Hello,” I said when a woman’s voice answered. “This is Doctor
Alper. May I speak with Mrs. Morrissey please.” 
“This is Mrs. Morrissey.”
I apologized for disturbing her Christmas, then told her I was calling to explain why I had spoken to her so rudely. “I only realized afterward, just today really, that it couldn’t have been you who made those calls—I mean, pretended to make them in your name. You can appreciate how disturbing such calls can be. I don’t mean the usual crank call—every professional gets those now and then. This was different, using a patient’s real name—your husband’s. That’s why I reported the matter to the police. But I wanted to explain and hopefully to apologize before they had a chance to get in contact with you.”
There was a long silence when I ﬁnished. For a moment I thought she had hung up, having concluded I was some kind of nut myself. But then she said, “Dr. Alper, or whoever you are, I don’t know what you’re talking about. The only time I called your ofﬁce was when my husband died, four months ago.”
After I hung up—after Mrs. Morrissey hung up, actually—I sat for several minutes staring at the empty wall behind my desk. Then I got up and opened all the blinds and turned on every light. I stood in front of each window in turn so there should be no doubt that I was there and who I was. Outside on the sidewalks people were exiting the subway with shopping bags full of new presents, bent forward into the wind that whips around that trafﬁc circle like a restless ghost every day of the year.
The phone rang.
“Which is it this time?” I barked. “Another resurrection or did he die yet again?”
“Is that you, Mitch?  Who are you talking to?  Eric wants to know how much longer you’ll be. He wants you to read him a bedtime story.”

I didn’t get any more calls from or about Bob Morrissey. Maybe the police scared off whoever was responsible. Maybe the caller felt they had achieved whatever sick goal they had set for themselves. But it was a good six months before I stopped tensing up every time the ofﬁce phone rang, and perhaps a year until I stopped dreaming about my former patient.
This past Christmas I received a greeting card with a return address from an “S. Morrissey.” Sonia passed it on to me with a bunch of other cards that had come in that day. It was a simple, nonsectarian greeting, a snow scene with red trim, tastefully done. At the end of the printed message was written in a graceful feminine hand, “With best wishes. Sincerely, Susan Morrissey (your former patient’s wife).”
I took it home and hung it on my Christmas tree. I still have it in the top drawer of my dresser next to an old Scout knife, an envelope containing a bit of hair from my border collie and two French coins.



Fidelity


She had been totally faithful to him. In eight years of marriage she had not only never consorted with another man, she had never felt a need to. Had she indeed felt such a desire a real temptation, not merely an appreciation of some fellow worker’s or a client’s good looks—she would not have hesitated to give into it. She didn’t believe in self-denial. But she did believe in honesty and, out of that honesty, total ﬁdelity. She had not desired, therefore she had been faithful. Her husband had desired but wasn’t man enough to put his cards on the table and let her know where she stood. And that was why she must leave him.
“I fail to see how you can award yourself brownie points for not doing something you felt no inclination to do anyway,” Cary had protested the previous evening as she was completing her nightly routine of bathing and getting together the clothes and accessories she would need in the morning. She almost walked into their bedroom naked as she usually did after toweling off and before beginning her ten-minute yoga exercise. But at the last moment she remembered to wrap the towel around her, little realizing the effect was more provocative than mere nakedness could have been. “If  you never wanted anyone but me, you never had to be faithful. Not really.”
She began her exercises covered by a ﬂoor-length ﬂannel nightgown: ten back stretches on all fours atop the king-size mattress, arching her back as high as she could, breathing in and breathing out as she slowly lowered her spine. Then she repeated the process.
“I’m not saying what I did was right,” he went on. “I never claimed to be some kind of saint. But it never happened before, and it probably won’t ever happen again.”
She exhaled by degrees, letting her back fall gently. “It’s reassuring to hear you speak so deﬁnitively about the future,” she said between inhales, arching her back as high as it would go.
“Goddamn it, Sally. We’ve been married, what, nine years? And I’ve never fooled around with anyone, not once all that time.” 
She exhaled slowly. “Remind me to strike a medal.”
“I mean, it’s not like I didn’t have the opportunity. You know what it’s like in our profession.”
“Do I?”
“Well, you should. People are always hitting on each other. Married people, singles, it doesn’t matter.”
“It matters to me.”
“It does to me too. You think I wouldn’t behave differently if I weren’t a married man? Do you know how many times women have offered it for free? Secretaries, colleagues? I even had a client offer to give me sex right there in my ofﬁce. A respectable society woman.”
She assumed the position for her leg stretches, pulled her right thigh as tight as she could against her torso and raised the entire leg into the air, only then remembering to pull down her nightgown to cover up what the night before she would have left exposed.
He was still standing at the bedroom door as if unsure whether he had a right to come all the way into the room. “I don’t need any woman but you.”
She began the same stretch with her left leg but found that keeping her bottom covered while properly extending her thigh muscle was all but impossible.
“Until Miss Bigboobs came along,” she said, her face coloring beyond any purely physical effort. “Say, do you mind? I’d like to ﬁnish my exercises in peace.”
For a moment he stood in stupid incomprehension. She lay motionless, her nightgown pulled down to her knees, staring up at the ceiling, until he ﬁnally got the point.
That was last night. This morning sitting in a trafﬁc jam on Route 80 and already running ten minutes late, she felt less sustained by the anger that had seemed to support her like a warm swell twelve hours earlier. As she watched two fat retirees meander down the fairway of a golf course near the highway, the bright morning light presented her with choices she could only contemplate with a hollow feeling in her chest and a blurring of vision she did not immediately recognize as tears:
She could forgive him. Or, she could choose not to forgive him. The ﬁrst option meant renegotiating the marriage, putting behind them the original contract based on trust and mutual affection, in effect saying goodbye to everything that had sustained her for the past eight years, made her recognizably the person she was, colored the trees green in springtime, made the snowfalls more special than they had been even in her earliest remembered childhood. No big deal, she thought, trying to see if trafﬁc further ahead had started to move.
That option, forgiveness, offered no guarantees, not even a parts-only warranty of future ﬁdelity. If he never looked at another woman for the rest of their life together, she could never dismiss from her mind the possibility of  a second adultery. Every wrong number, every cancelled appointment or late night at the ofﬁce would mean fresh anxiety. Even putting aside the lost illusion of a totally honest and loving relationship, how could she live with such uncertainty from day to day, from minute to minute?
It wasn’t until trafﬁc started to move and she had several times wiped her eyes clear that she recalled there was yet a second option to consider. That second alternative—not forgiving him—was a foregone conclusion in the sense that she could never say either to herself or to him that his sin was washed away. He could as easily drive a rusty spike into her heart and, having seen it surgically removed, then declare the matter behind them, a closed case, nolo contendere. No, forgiveness wasn’t an option, she realized as she ﬁnally came within sight of the toll booths for the George Washington Bridge. The only real question was: Could she go on living with him?

A busy morning kept the crisis out of her thoughts. She had been drawing up a major contract and was just completing the details, although it had meant working nights and weekends. Cary’s own job kept him occupied ten hours a day but rarely cut into his Saturdays or Sundays. That meant they usually could plan on spending time together skiing or sailing or making like tourists in New York where they already spent most of their working hours. There were no children yet, though they would have to make a decision about that pretty soon. Or would have, she thought when she ﬁnally got a minute to herself after the last page of the contract was dictated.
But there were no tears for the child they might have had. On the job she never felt as vulnerable as she did in the other roles she played. Work had seen her through the worst crises of  her adult life—her father’s death, an older brother’s near-fatal car accident. It would sustain her through this one as well.
“How about lunch?” Cary asked when he called. His tone suggested nothing unusual had occurred between their last workday and this one. He was an excellent actor, she had to give him that, a natural for the courtroom where charm and a solid veneer of total confidence in the justness of your cause could more than make up for a weak case or an unsympathetic judge.
“I’ve already had a tuna sandwich at my desk.” 
“Sounds gruesome.”
“I’ve had worse,” she said, trying by her tone to signify more than the contents of a sandwich as her index ﬁnger traced a phantom tic-tac-toe box on the bit of her desk not piled high with cases.
“How about a quick one at Luigi’s after work?”
His manner was still casual, but she recognized this for the heavy weaponry it was: Luigi’s was where he had proposed to her.
“I have to wind up this contract. Besides,” she added, drawing an X in the top righthand corner of the tic-tac-toe grid, “Luigi’s is not really my kind of place.”
Her confession—if it was indeed that; she liked Luigi’s about as well as she did any other restaurant, all things being equal, which they were not—gave him signiﬁcant pause. That kind of hesitation before a jury, she considered with satisfaction, could lose a case.
“Anyway,” she said, “I’m up to my ears in paperwork. We’ll talk when I get home.”
“Talk about what?”
“About anything you like. About our marriage, for starters. Its future or lack thereof.”
“‘Lack thereof ’? What kind of nonsense is that?”
“You want something to eat, there’s a casserole in the freezer.” 
“You know I can’t deal with the microwave.”
“Then, order in. Fry yourself an egg.” 
“What is this, prison rations?” 
“Whatever suits you.”
“What suits me would be a steak at Luigi’s. With a nice baked potato. That’s what would suit me. With you sitting across the table.”
“I’m sorry, Cary. But Luigi’s does not suit me,” she said, drawing a second X in the imaginary grid. “In fact, I doubt that Luigi’s will ever suit me again.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” 
“Take it any way you like.”
“You mean everything has changed between us. Because of that...incident. What do you want me to do, ﬂagellate myself in public?”
“‘Never plead guilty unless you’ve got an airtight deal.’ That’s your motto.”
“Sally, for Chrissakes. When I said that I was talking about the courtroom.”
“Were you?”
“Of course. Do you think I’d try to apply that dictum to my personal life?”
“Cary, at this point I don’t know what you’d try,” she said, tracing the ﬁnal X of a winning left-to-right diagonal and drawing an invisible line through it. “But I will tell you one thing: Our Luigi days are over.”

The West Side Highway was barely moving. Ordinarily she would have been annoyed, but today she welcomed the delay, any delay in returning her to the scene of what she considered to be her failed marriage. Cary not only would have ordered in, he would have done so in grand style from one of the gourmet caterers that specialized in expensive romantic dinners. There would be candles on the table and a nice wine—he knew all the best vintages right back to the nineteen forties. He thought he could win her back the same way he won over a reluctant jury or cantankerous judge. But it wouldn’t work, not this time.
She blinked hard to clear her eyes. The driver of a Lincoln in the next lane mistook the blink for something else and winked at her. Cary probably did the same thing when he spotted something young and pretty. It was automatic, the consequence of a born salesman’s need to keep on selling, if only to keep proving to himself he hadn’t lost the touch, long after his order book was ﬁlled. It was sad, really.
How could she have been such a fool? she asked herself, her vision going blurry again like a windshield that needed continuous wiping. Cary was a fraud—a charming, handsome fraud—but a fraud nonetheless. She had known what he was, if not actually admitted it consciously, from the moment he ﬁrst approached her when they were working on consecutive cases in the Court of  Appeals. She was then just a year out of law school, he was already an associate in a big law ﬁrm. He carried her off on his charger just as she had been hoping someone would. She never expected they would end up married—that was his own idea. And here she was eight years later, paying the price for her willful blindness to his character.
But what good, she asked herself as the trafﬁc began to move again, did any of this analysis do? She was no further along than she had been that morning toward deciding what to do. She could not go back to the sham that she had called a marriage. But it was hard, so very hard, deciding what she should do.
Once on the Jersey side of the Hudson she took a detour from her usual route and turned onto the parkway that skirted the top of the Palisades. The trees had already turned yellow and were beginning to shed their leaves, strewn across the macadam like confetti from a wedding.
She used to take this drive when she was still a teenager and then later when she attended an all-girls college in the Bronx. It had not been the scenery but her own loneliness that had drawn her here. At night the roadside lookouts were ﬁlled with lovers no more interested in the view than they were in the latest baseball scores. But in the afternoons she had the cliffside almost to herself.
It was four hundred ﬁfty feet to the river below. A falling body, she had observed on numerous occasions but especially after an unhappy romance or, more likely, after one that never got started, would hit the tree branches on its way down. It was questionable whether the branches would break enough body parts to cause death. In the summer the trees seemed so lush that she could imagine landing on them as if on a big green pillow. But, whatever the season, she had always kept well back from the precipice, not trusting the footing or her own will to live.
Today, though, she walked right out to the edge of a rocky projection. She felt the usual thrill at the proximity of violent death but held her ground. The blue river below, a full mile across, seemed motionless. On the far shore the Cloisters museum sat perched like a medieval monastery atop a modest rise of the terrain, surrounded by implausible Manhattan greenery. A commuter train crept toy-like along the water’s edge, heading north.
For no apparent reason she suddenly remembered that she had forgotten to iron the suit that Cary had planned to wear for a summation that day. Absurdly, her sense of guilt was no less diminished by her anger over his inﬁdelity. She ironed all his shirts every Sunday and touched up his suits between dry cleanings. He could easily have all his laundry cleaned and pressed professionally and even argued that it was silly for her to bother with it. But there were some things she felt it her wifely duty to do and, while she didn’t mind his eating other people’s cooking ﬁve or six night’s a week, it was a matter of pride that she iron those shirts.
But guilt quickly turned to outrage as she realized that he had probably been wearing those very shirts the days he had committed adultery. They had lain across that woman’s chair, thrown aside as carelessly as his wedding vows. She could kill him, she thought, her mouth moving with an energy that caused a small boy who had joined her on the rock to step back and ask his father in a stage whisper if she was a crazy woman. If it were Cary beside her she could ﬂing him over the cliffs and watch him get torn to pieces by the branches below. He was worse than a criminal. He had not merely done her physical violence, he had raped her soul, deprived her of her faith and self-respect. 
A tugboat was towing a string of  barges upriver, its engines straining against the current. It seemed all but a futile effort, there was so little movement despite the white water it was churning. And yet neither tug nor barges had been in sight just a few minutes earlier.
But she too was to blame, for entrusting her heart to such a sweet-talking impostor. She had willingly closed her eyes, pretending her ﬁrst and most important impression of the man was wrong. She had wanted so badly to believe in his love that she had created a ﬁction he could never realize and in the process had turned herself into someone just as fantastic. She was his co-dependent, like the spouse of an incorrigible alcoholic. Without a credulous Sally, there would never have been a faithless Cary.
The idea was oddly liberating. As she stood atop the cliffside, not quite steadily thanks to a stiff wind that seemed to hit her ﬁrst from one side, then from another, it seemed that if she had not discovered her husband’s inﬁdelity she would have gone on indeﬁnitely, perhaps for the rest of her life, believing in two people no more real than the imaginary playmates children sometimes created to keep them company. At least now, whatever she chose to do, she would be a free woman, her eyes open, no longer a slave to the imaginary world in which she had been living.
Unburdened of the nagging weight of her self-doubt, she felt as if the wind might sweep her off the Palisades like a piece of candy wrapper. She smiled at the idea, but took a step backward just the same, almost colliding with the boy and his father.
“I’m so sorry,” she said, putting her hand on the boy’s shoulder as if to steady him. She smiled at the father—no, grandfather, she decided—and said, “My daddy used to take me up here when I was a little girl.” Then to the boy, who looked as if he still had his suspicions about her, “Not much older than you, champ.”
The man politely returned her smile. The boy waited until she had headed back toward her car before saying, “I bet she is a crazy woman.”



The Hit Doctor


The truth is, I never pretended to be other than what I was. If people made me into something more, whose fault was that? Power is the perception of power. That’s as true in my own profession as it is in yours. I did nothing different from what my blameless colleagues were doing every day at countless bedsides all around the world. Only, I did it consciously and, of course, for even larger sums of money than I could ordinarily expect to receive.
It is not true, by the way, what you said in court about my “soon learning the heinous nature of my crimes while in the state of social deprivation which society reserves for malefactors” such as myself. (Wherever did you come by such a baroque way of expressing yourself ?) If your point was that prison would give me ample time to realize that what I did was morally wrong, I think you’d ﬁnd you were mistaken. For one thing, the physical milieu here is not all that uncongenial. And if you had in mind the kind of bullying and worse that men like myself can expect to ﬁnd in places like this, you may be interested to learn that I am actually held in considerable respect and am consulted professionally by the inmates on a regular basis. Only the lawyer on the tier above my own is in greater demand. One untoward remark toward my person from anyone, inmate or guard, and the rest of the population comes down on him like a brick wall. So much for your fantasy of my brutalization.
But I am not writing to kick dirt in your face. I don’t hold you personally responsible for my present state. You were simply performing your job, just as I performed mine for all those years before I realized that by doing intentionally what I had been doing for three decades inadvertently, I could make a mark for myself in the annals of medicine. I like to think of my so-called crimes as being not very different from what members of your own profession agree to when they take on the defense of a vicious rapist or serial killer.
What made my conviction inevitable, I see now, was not my guilt (and I don’t deny responsibility for my actions) but the prospect which gradually emerged during the course of the trial that what I did was no different in kind from what every other member of my profession does every time someone walks into his or her examining room. True, I took the process further, “abused” my powers, as the prosecutor was fond of putting it. But the dirty little secret remains and was hovering palpably over that courtroom throughout the trial: If you ofﬁcially recognized the validity of my defense, you would have to hold every physician responsible for the same misdeeds that you sought to convict me of. What saved you from this embarrassing, even frightening acknowledgment was merely the degree to which I had deliberately executed the powers that you and everyone else had vested in me. You had all collectively created a monster and did not dare admit it even to yourselves. But the monster in this case was not the malformed creature we associate with the mad product of Dr. Frankenstein but was the good doctor himself !
Take that business about Morris Green. I bore no animus toward Mr. Green. Quite the contrary, I found him to be a genial if pathetic old duffer. He had a bad heart, true, but he might have shufﬂed along for another ﬁve years or more. But Morris made the mistake of incurring the displeasure of certain powers-that-be (his ambition, like my own, exceeded his instinct for security). I was treating him with standard anti-arrhythmia medications and, with a bit of encouragement, he was doing well. He would, I knew, eventually deteriorate and there would be a nice check in it for me when I had ﬁnally “done all I could” and received the aggrieved family’s heartfelt thanks.
Enter Mr. Scolioni. Not a likable fellow, I admit. But a businessman at heart. Unfortunately, his business was of an extra-legal nature and, given the impossibility of  recourse to legal means of redressing the grievance between himself and his business partner Morris Green, he felt obliged to seek remedy by other means. How he came to choose me as the instrument of his retribution is a long and circuitous tale which you can read about in the book I have contracted to write. Sufﬁce it to say that when Scolioni approached me with a proposition which he did not believe I could refuse, I made him a counter offer in terms which he himself found impossible to turn down: If I succeeded, he would recompense me according to the stipulations of his own ﬁrst, generous offer. If I failed, he would owe me nothing and would then be free to solicit the services of a physician with fewer scruples (or less at stake professionally).
For, you see, I had long suspected if not actually believed that at least half the cures I and my colleagues effected were largely the result of  the conﬁdence we had in our own curative powers duly communicated, however subtly, to our patients. How else could you account for the way one patient, who received the same treatment and seemed to be afﬂicted to the same degree as another patient, pulled through a life-threatening illness or injury when his double did not? You will say “genes.” Perhaps. But in my opinion “genes” have become the “evil humours” of our current state of pseudo-scientiﬁc knowledge, a catch-all to explain the inexplicable. On the other hand, we have well-documented evidence that even the words spoken by a surgeon in an operating room penetrate the unconscious mind of the patient. Why not, then, the words, gestures and all the other signs and symbols communicated to a patient or even to those close to him by the caring family physician or specialist?
But while I had long suspected that the encouraging word could work wonders with a patient whose malady could take a turn either way, until shortly before my ﬁrst meeting with Mr. Scolioni I had never given serious thought to the possibility that the reverse might be just as true: If words and gestures could cure, could they not perhaps kill? Had I inadvertently hastened the demise of patients whose prognosis I signaled, however inadvertently, as being hopeless?
You must admit, the possibility is intriguing, setting aside the ethics of the particular experiments I decided to embark upon.
“Experiment” is not an inappropriate term for the way I viewed what I was about to attempt. I never had any intention of accepting Mr. Scolioni’s money on the original, clearly criminal grounds he offered it. If he had quadrupled the ﬁgure it still would not have exceeded six months of my own professional fees. I had no outstanding gambling debts, no blackmailer sending me threatening notes—nothing, in fact, to be blackmailed about. So I was not so foolish as to risk, however distantly, a thriving and lucrative career for the sake of a hefty injection into my bank account.
My motives were purely scientiﬁc. I knew that, should I succeed, Scolioni could easily welsh on me, contending that there was no way to prove that Green would not have died anyway. What would I do in that event? Sue him for breach of contract? I put a simple proposition to him: Give me a few weeks, a couple months. If Green is still alive at the end of that period, you owe me nothing. He agreed reluctantly—he was a man used to having his way a good deal more quickly than that—but being a man of some intelligence he also saw the advantage of total impunity if I succeeded.
Happily, or perhaps unhappily, depending on how much value you place on the life of someone like Morris Green, I succeeded. Starting with just a frown and a mild shake of the head as I removed the stethoscope from his ﬂabby chest, I methodically implanted in his mind a sense of the hopelessness of his condition. But I was indeed surprised by the rapidity with which my hints began to have an effect. His blood pressure began to climb. The arrhythmia, under control until Scolioni’s proposition, reoccurred more and more frequently. The patient began to complain of shortness of breath, mild chest pain. I increased his medication. I even spoke words of encouragement, but chose them carefully to ensure that they could be taken as meaning their opposite.
You must understand that all of this was not very different from the manner in which I had conducted my practice for the past twenty-ﬁve years. Had I wanted to prolong rather than end Mr. Green’s life, I might indeed have arranged his treatment a bit differently. But in every essential clinical matter I would have altered nothing.
How many times, I thought during the course of  those two months, had I, either because I found a particular patient to be disagreeable, insufﬁciently insured or even physically repugnant, successfully if unwittingly willed his or her demise? I began thinking about old cases, recalling (as is not difﬁcult for me; I have a superb memory) the speciﬁc treatments and medications I had prescribed and the improvements or degenerations that had resulted. To a remarkable degree, I found that those patients whom I had either spontaneously liked or induced myself to like because of the fees they would be capable of paying over a prolonged life span invariably had done much better than those toward whom I had felt nothing positive. I even began to wonder if my cure and morbidity rate could be credited to anything other than the prognoses I had privately come to see for them.
I want to reiterate that even at the height of my career as “faith killer” I never neglect to order a dose of penicillin or whatever other medication was what was indicated. But I did begin to see how someone less intelligent and less scrupulous than myself, even an untrained, deluded yokel who possessed uncommon charismatic powers could “cure” merely by a laying on of hands or prayer. We know it works in so-called primitive societies. Why should it not in our own supposedly sophisticated culture? Why should the opposite not work as well?
Morris Green died ﬁve weeks after Mr. Scolioni and I came to our understanding. By the terms of our agreement he owed me a considerable sum of money. To my surprise, he paid his bill promptly, more promptly than do most of the people responsible for the medical debts of the deceased. It is as if death, however inevitable, constitutes a kind of de facto malpractice which absolves them morally, if not legally, from paying the fees of physicians who attend at the bedside of their departed relative. Or, as a lawyer friend of mine who specializes in malpractice suits put it, “Dying is un-American.” More assignments followed. For a while they came exclusively from Mr. Scolioni. You can understand my reluctance to get any more deeply involved in a “practice” I only took on as an antidote to the boredom of treating the same maladies day in and day out for the better part of three decades. But just as any satisﬁed patient will recommend a physician to friends, Mr. Scolioni apparently spoke well of me to his own associates who, probably thinking my methods to be less subtle than they actually were but still undetectable by any pathologist, also solicited my services, hesitantly at ﬁrst but, as I began to prove my worth, with growing eagerness. I turned down many of these requests. The attention was ﬂattering but dangerous. For twenty-ﬁve years I had been a highly respected member of my profession, a full professor at a world-renowned teaching hospital, a diplomate and board member of several professional organizations. To jeopardize all this by suddenly becoming a tool of  organized crime would have been foolish in the extreme. I ﬂattered myself to the extent that I believed I could carry out the wishes of these men (they were mostly men, with a couple exceptions who sought out my services for personal rather than professional reasons) while protecting myself from any untoward consequences.
I never agreed to anything in writing. I suppose that goes without saying. But I also never actually “agreed” to anything. A word in my ear that this or that don or so-and-so’s cousin seemed to be afﬂicted with a terminal illness, a referral from someone who had employed my services in the past, in one case merely an expression of premature bereavement, any of these was enough to signify that I was being tasked to do for the patient in question what I had done so effectively for the late Mr. Green. The fee would, as if out of the blue, turn up a few days after the unfortunate had breathed his last. In cash, of course.
The character of these requests for services was sometimes of such a subtle nature that I had to rely exclusively on the identity of the patient to determine what was expected of me. I may even have misread these intentions once or twice. The only way I could tell for sure was if I did not receive the usual fee following the funeral.
Throughout this period ninety-ﬁve percent of my practice continued to remain wholly legitimate. I lost patients just as I always had, although now, even in those cases where I would gain nothing by their demise, I could usually predict, if not indeed will, those who would meet their maker sooner than the rest. On these patients I honed the skills that I employed more lucratively for Mr. Scolioni & Friends. But, of course, I did so, as it were, pro bono.
I now turn my attention to the ﬁnal event which has prompted the writing of this letter. My intention here has not been to vindicate or exonerate myself. As I hope I have already made clear, what I did was morally reprehensible only to the extent that I acted consciously, while my colleagues go about daily effecting the same results without ever realizing their powers. The publication of my research when it appears later this year will save far more lives than the discovery of any miracle drug. My name will go down in the annals of medicine next to Harvey and Salk. The unpleasant means by which I proved my theory will be soon forgotten or merely serve as a footnote.
As it happened, Mr. Scolioni himself fell ill. I noticed the symptoms myself during one of our rare personal interviews. His color was off and, when I insisted on taking his pulse, I found it to be both rapid and irregular. I suggested that he stop by my ofﬁce for a thorough checkup. He demurred—not an uncommon reaction among men of his age and background, self-made men with little formal education. But it was only as I watched the extraordinary agitation which resulted from my suggestion that I realized what was really perturbing him.
“Surely you don’t think I would…?” I assured him as he struggled into his expensive topcoat.
“I gotta run.”
How dense of  me! He was perfectly right to be suspicious. According to the way business was conducted in the world where he made his living, I could easily have been recruited by a rival to do for him what he himself had asked me to do for Mr. Green and several others. Yet nothing could have been further from my thoughts. I had come to like Scolioni, and that fact alone would have made difﬁcult the process of hastening his demise by methods I used with patients who either meant nothing to me or whom I found for one reason or another to be obnoxious.
But the idea of doing mischief to him also never crossed my mind because he was a business associate. I looked upon him as I would a fellow professional—not another physician, of course, but perhaps a lawyer or personal accountant. He was an intelligent man. I often thought that, had he chosen one of the more orthodox professions, he might have risen to the very top. From the moment I conceived of publishing the results of the experiment he had helped me launch, I always intended to accord him the portion of immortality he deserved. After all, the chances of my experiment ever being repeated on human subjects is, you will admit, remote.
I was therefore much distressed when I heard that Mr. Scolioni had suffered a stroke. My instinct both as friend and physician was to do what I could to help him. He had been taken to a hospital near his home, an area of considerable property values but less than top-notch medical facilities. I paid him a visit there but found him unable to communicate. I introduced myself to his family and inquired what sort of treatment he was receiving. His wife, a small and remarkably attractive woman, told me that the family physician was in the process of calling in a specialist. I then offered what encouraging words I could, gave her my home telephone and told her to contact me anytime if I could be of help. She pressed my hand tightly, tears glistening in her large dark eyes.
Mr. Scolioni’s condition improved for a time, then abruptly deteriorated. I won’t go into details, but the course of the illness followed a familiar pattern. I myself would have started him a bit earlier on blood thinners, but the hospital where he was being treated simply did not have the medical sophistication of a large teaching institution such as my own. I don’t mean to criticize, but proper treatment of a cerebral event such as Mr. Scolioni suffered can require rather advanced techniques.
In the event, he succumbed and all I could do was offer my condolences which, at the time, the family gave every sign of gratefully accepting.
But the following week I received, almost simultaneously, a large sum of cash from an anonymous source and then a telephone call from someone identifying himself as a close friend of the Scolioni family, advising me that I was “a dead man.”
What happened next Your Honor is well aware of. Realizing that my life was in danger and, with it, the possibility of publishing the medical ﬁndings I now expect to see safely into print, I approached the district attorney’s ofﬁce and confessed to the murder of Rudolph Scolioni, a crime which I did not, of course, commit but the only death among the many I had effected during the course of the previous several months to which anyone had been willing to assume responsibility.
I had, of course, no knowledge at that point that Mr. Scolioni did not actually die of a second stroke as I had originally assumed but of a lethal injection of morphine. I only learned this information during the course of  the assistant district attorney’s interrogation. A full “confession” then followed. And here I am, not for the life sentence which would surely have been my legal due if I—if anyone—could be convicted of  “willing” all those unfortunates to their premature deaths, but for a mere ﬁfteen years maximum for a crime I did not commit (eight years with good behavior). I will use my time here to expand upon my theory of “Cognitive Diagnosis” and make indelible my mark upon the history of medical science.
I am most grateful to yourself, to the state and to the incompetents at the district attorney’s ofﬁce for providing me with this safe haven. I have everything I need, including conjugal visits from my new wife, the former Mrs. Scolioni. The story of how we met, fell in love and how I had to regain her trust after confessing to the murder of her husband is the stuff of fairy tale and well beyond my meager literary powers. I intend to sell the rights to that charming story, as well as to my autobiography, to a major publishing house sometime in the upcoming weeks. I hope Your Honor will do me the great favor of accepting autographed ﬁrst editions of both these volumes when they appear, in small token of  appreciation for all that you have done for me.



The Devil You Know


Mary had arranged to meet her cousin on the lower level of the bridge plaza. It was a hot Sunday afternoon, and the car exhausts were aggravating her sinuses. She hadn’t counted on the unmerciful heat or the asphyxiating fumes, but she knew well enough what the smell of freshly cut grass would do to her hay fever. Still, in another month there would be leaf mold to contend with. And today was, after all, the anniversary of her husband’s death. 
Kitty’s bus was on time, not surprisingly since it had only to cross the bridge from its terminal on the New York side of the bridge. Kitty never ventured out of  the Bronx except to meet Mary for a Broadway show or, when Mary’s husband was alive, to take a ride upstate for dinner at a German restaurant he was fond of. Once when Mary arranged to meet her at the midtown Port Authority Bus Terminal, they got their signals crossed. It was an hour before Mary found her standing under the clock outside a bank on 42nd Street.
“For the love of God, Kitty, I’ve been looking high and low for you.”
Kitty had been dressed in a powder-blue suit with a white rabbit hat on her head. She stood clutching a huge white leather bag, on the lookout for muggers.
“Mary,” she whispered as her cousin ushered her to safer territory, “you’ll never guess what happened. I wasn’t standing there ten minutes, minding my own business, when this big black woman comes along, looks me up and down, and says, ‘This here your corner, honey?’”
Today she arrived in a pale green shirtwaist which didn’t really suit her pink skin and platinum hair. They kissed each other’s cheeks as the bus roared off, blowing gray smoke in their faces. Mary covered her nose with a handkerchief she kept in her sleeve for that purpose.
“Come away in here,” Kitty said, indicating the shelter.
Mary glanced uneasily toward the underpass out of which Kitty’s bus had come. The Eighty-Two which would take them to the cemetery was nowhere in sight. “Do you think we can spot it from in there?”
“Sure, why not?” Kitty replied, patting the wooden bench beside her as if it were not she but Mary who had just arrived. “Take a load off your feet.”
Mary sat down with a sigh, nestling her black bag on her lap. Kitty smiled contentedly. She had one of  those faces that always seemed to be smiling, if only with their eyes. “I’ll keep an eye out for it,” she said, laying her hand on her cousin’s knee, covered to an excess of one inch by her black crepe dress. The blue stone on Kitty’s ﬁnger exactly matched the color of her eyes.
“I didn’t know what to put on,” Mary said. “It doesn’t seem right to be still wearing black.”
“Why not?”  Kitty protested, a merry ﬂicker in her eyes which also kept her lips in constant motion, as if those two parts of her anatomy shared some delightful secret between them.
“I’ve got a closet full of dresses. I must have tried on half a dozen.”
“You look very well in black.”
Mary ﬁngered the coarse material. “It wears like iron.” 
“Here’s a bus now.”
The two women stood up together as the bus roared out of the underpass. “Can you make out which it is?”
“I can’t, no.”
Gaining momentum, the bus sped past, leaving a blue fog in its wake. “He never even slowed down, Mary.”
“It couldn’t be ours. This is the ﬁrst stop for the Eighty-Two on the Jersey side. That one must be heading out to Hackensack or Paterson.”
“Do you think so?”
Mary looked around the deserted shelter. “I wish there was someone we could ask.”
“There’ll be another, won’t there?”
“Oh, sure,” Mary said without conviction. She adjusted the netted scarf she was wearing to protect her hair from the wind, and pulled it tight beneath her chin. Her own eyes, more gray than blue, were enlarged by glasses she had worn ever since her adolescence and which now seemed as much a part of her face as her nose or mouth. They were plastic-rimmed, a pale blue that blended with the highlights of her short gray hair. Kitty needed glasses as much as her cousin, but she only wore them in emergencies.
“Did I tell you about Anna’s Patrick?” Kitty asked, smoothing her own skirt across her plump knees as carefully as if she were sitting on a dais. “Winning the lottery!”
Mary took her eyes off the dark tunnel to see if Kitty wasn’t pulling her leg. Anna was Mary’s younger sister.
“Not the big prize”, Kitty went on, her eyes dancing. “I think he won a thousand is all.”
“A thousand!” Mary cried with a sour grin. “God knows he needs it. He’s just a struggling obstetrician,” she added with the bitter irony of someone who had put four children through parochial school and never so much as won a bingo prize. “He’s salting it away for his brother’s education, for when he gets out of the service. You have to admit, Mary, it’s a nice gesture. He might have kept it for himself.”
“And what will Anna herself do with the money she won a couple months ago? Didn’t she just hit the lottery in the spring?”
“She did, yes,” Kitty replied, warming to the subject. “She plans to take a cruise. You know, Mary, that’s what we should do. Go on a cruise, I mean.”
Mary looked at her cousin as if she had just proposed rocketing to the moon. “It doesn’t cost as much as you’d think. Of course, Anna’s going ﬁrst class. You know Anna. But we could do it for half the price. And it’s cheaper when you travel with someone else, you know. I have some brochures at home.”
Mary’s hard frown relaxed in amusement. “John would turn over in his grave if he thought I was spending his insurance money on a cruise, of all things.”
“He would not. John loved a good time as much as anyone.” 
“Better!”
“He wouldn’t begrudge it to you, Mary.”
“He would if he wasn’t there to enjoy it himself. Here’s another bus now.”
A second blue-and-gray behemoth roared out of  the underpass. Braking suddenly, it came to a stop just in front of them. Mary rushed to the open door where a Chinese man was alighting.
“Are you the Eighty-Two?” she called up to the driver. 
“No, ma’am.”
“Can you tell me, do I get the Eighty-Two here?” she asked as the bus began to roll again.
“No, ma’am. Upstairs.” 
“What did he say, Mary?”
“That’s a ﬁne how-do-you-do. This is where I always got off the Eighty-Two when I came back from the city.
“I don’t know where I am a-tall,” she complained, squinting at the glaring stretches of concrete when she reached the top of the concrete staircase. Kitty was breathing hard from the climb. Nothing was where it should be except the great stanchions of  the bridge itself, looking old-fashioned more than half a century after their construction. A corner lot once occupied by an all-too-familiar bar was now a real estate ofﬁce. Where there used to be a used-car dealer a Brew ‘N Burger stood. To the west, the towers of a luxury high-rise had replaced the pink brick buildings of the Academy of the Holy Angels where she had sent her only daughter. But it wasn’t so much the changes in the landscape that confused her as it was the difﬁculty of viewing them on foot for the ﬁrst time in twenty years.
“There used to be a bus stop,” she said, shading her eyes, “over where that knickknack store is. But I don’t see any bus stop now, do you?”
Between the sun and her own nearsightedness Kitty could barely make out the other side of the road.
Mary breathed a brief hard sigh that had to take the place of tears, though crying was what she felt like doing. She felt put upon—by New Jersey Transport for changing its route, by the terrible heat, by her own nerves, and by the ordeal of having to exist alone and vulnerable in a changed and unsympathetic world.
She stopped the only other pedestrian in sight.
“Excuse me, mister. Can you tell me where the Eighty-Two bus stops?”
But the man merely hunched his shoulders, mumbled some thing in a foreign accent, and walked on.
She glanced again at the bar-turned-real-estate-ofﬁce, then squinted toward the shopping district half a mile south of the bridge plaza.
Kitty said, “Maybe we could take a cab.”
Three taxicabs were parked opposite the Brew ‘N Burger.
Mary hadn’t taken a cab in ten years, not since she used to meet her late husband for dinner and a show at Radio City. But this was an emergency. “Sure, what the heck,” she said, heading toward the car at the head of the line.
“Excuse me,” she said, bending toward the open window on the curb side. The driver was chewing a cigar and reading a newspaper he had spread across the steering wheel. “Can you tell me how much it would be to go to the Madonna Cemetery?”
The man shifted the cigar to the opposite side of his mouth and turned the page of his newspaper.
“Ten dollars.”
Uncomprehending, Mary continued to peer through the cab’s window.
“We only want to go one-way.”
The driver darted a glance at her gray permanent, then at her insubstantial chest and returned to his newspaper. “Ten bucks, lady.”
She stood up straight and began walking rapidly in the opposite direction.
“What did he say, Mary?”
“He said ten dollars,” she replied, her legs moving vigorously. “For that price he can go jump in the lake.”
Kitty caught up and matched her cousin’s stride until they were back at the overpass again. Mary felt lightheaded from her sprint and the ﬂush of anger she had endured. Putting her ﬁngers to her throat, she said, “This heat is giving me a terrible thirst. Maybe we could get something to drink in the Brew ‘N Burger.”
“Sure, what do we have to lose?”
The Brew ‘N Burger was closed.
“Now what do we do? We could be stranded in a desert, for the love of God. If you don’t own a car, you’re out of luck these days. We may as well head toward Main Street. At least there’s a soda shop there.”
They linked arms and crossed the viaduct under which they had met. Highways stretched west as far as they could see: 46, 4, and the new Interstate that could take you all the way to California. The walkway was shielded by a concrete wall, but they held tight to each other, both having a fear of heights.
“There used to be a movie theatre,” Mary said as they passed a rubble-strewn lot. “They tore it down. God knows why. It couldn’t have been ten years old. Tommy’s school stood right beside it. They tore that down too and built a new one. A convent as well. There aren’t many of them left—the nuns, I mean.”
When they reached the next intersection she said, “It’s all changed so much.” She squinted up at the billboard on a trafﬁc island where a war memorial used to stand. “The bank was right here.” She frowned at a rococo facade that might have housed a catering hall or a funeral home equally well. “I wonder if Schweitzer’s is still around.” She peered down the narrow strip of macadam which used to be the town’s main drag. A big new marquee caught her eye. “I used to buy the kids’ school clothes there.”
But she could make out nothing else familiar among the closed store fronts. The sidewalks themselves were deserted, though car trafﬁc was thick enough. A cream-colored Mercedes was stopped for the light, a black man at the wheel. In her own day you would have looked hard and long to spot a black face.
“Is that a diner, Mary?”
It was hard to tell what it was Kitty was pointing at. Gilt-edged like a fairy castle, it perched on a sky-blue base high above street level. Two young faces made up like Halloween masks peered down at them from behind tinted glass.
“I think it is a diner, Mary.”
“For the love of God. Could that be the old Fort Lee Diner? John used to go there after his toots. And there I was feeding him nothing but broiled meat and fresh vegetables for his bad stomach.” Kitty squinted up at the big sign on the roof  like a tourist being shown an Egyptian monument. Then she urged her cousin forward. “This place looks like the Taj Mahal!” Mary said, digging in her heels. “There must be someplace else we could stop. I only want a glass of iced tea!”
Kitty was dying of thirst as well, but after twenty feet it was all a blurry wasteland to her.
“What’s that, Mary?” she said, pointing to a red and blue glow across the street.
Mary narrowed her eyes at the neon. “Can you beat that? The same bar that was there twenty years ago.”
“Maybe we could get a soda.”
Mary stared hard at the Schafer beer sign as if confronting an old adversary. She sighed, this time in resignation. “Why not,” she said. “What difference could it make now?”
It was dark inside and cold. The two women stood waiting for their eyes to adjust. A young woman materialized and asked if they would like a table.
“We would,” Kitty replied with her best smile. They followed the young woman to a table in a dark corner well away from some noisy teenagers. Mary scowled at them. John would have told her to sit back and enjoy herself. She would have done nothing of the kind if she didn’t feel like it. But the mere fact of his telling her what to do would have made it possible for her to know her own mind better.
The waitress reappeared and asked for their order. “What will you have, Mary?”
She wanted iced tea. But they didn’t serve iced tea—only Coke and ginger ale. “I suppose,” she said, trying to sound offhanded, “a beer.”
“A beer, Mary!  You’re living dangerously.” 
“I might as well go to hell with myself.”
She hadn’t had a beer since her husband’s death. She disliked effervescence. Scotch was her drink, on the rocks. But on a hot day at John’s insistence, maybe once a year, she would agree to drink a beer. It seemed to give her husband great pleasure to ﬁll a glass for her with the gassy liquid. If for no other reason, she had avoided it on that account.
“It’s good!” Kitty declared as if, herself an inveterate beer drinker, she had just discovered the beverage. Her glass was already halfempty. The bottle, also half-empty, stood sweating on the table.
“It’s queer the way things turn out,” Mary said. “I mean, all the years I put up with his shenanigans.”
“John liked his beer,” Kitty replied, her eyes festive again.
“He was a devil sometimes. A regular demon.” Mary stared down at the plastic tablecloth, her brow gnarled with memory. “You can’t imagine the grief he caused me. And four kids to be raised in the bargain. It was no joke, I can tell you. Sneak out in the middle of the night, and not come back till the next day. Sometimes the next week. I had my plate full with his shenanigans.”
Kitty smiled and sipped some more beer.
“And here I am now with nobody,” Mary went on, more in wonder than sadness. “All I wanted all those years was a moment’s peace. Now all I’ve got is peace. From one end of the day to the next. I could open a business.”
“You miss him,” Kitty said.
Mary’s brow creased. For half a minute she didn’t say anything. “I woke up the other night—it must have been three or four A.M. And would you believe it? I could feel him in the bed beside me.” She glanced cautiously toward her cousin’s blue eyes. Kitty, the lifelong virgin, nodded encouragement. “His back was against mine. I thought at ﬁrst I must be dreaming. But I wasn’t. I’m sure I wasn’t. I could feel him against me just as sure as I can feel this chair I’m sitting on. Which is odd,” she said, lifting the glass to her mouth again, “because for the last ten years we slept in twin beds.”
She stared down at the soiled tablecloth while Kitty regarded her with the untroubled affection of six decades. But Mary was thinking that her dead husband’s presence in the bed beside her wasn’t all there had been to that episode the other night. It was odd she should only be recalling the details now.
“Are you alright, Mary? Is the beer too strong?”
“I’m ﬁne,” she replied. “It just struck me that there were words as well. The other night, I mean. My own, of course.”
“Of course.”
“I was telling him I was cold. To put another blanket on the bed. You know how easily I get cold.”
“I do.”
“But he wouldn’t wake up. John never did unless you kicked him.”
“Did you kick him, Mary?”
“I don’t remember,” she said, blushing. “You should keep in mind I was only half-awake.” She lowered her voice. “I’d feel like a damned fool telling this to anyone else.”
“Sure, we have no secrets, do we, Mary? Drink up. I’ll order another beer for you.”
“No, I couldn’t.”
“Then you’ll split one with me.”
Kitty called the waitress and the woman brought a freshly beaded bottle, depositing it on the table like a benediction between the two elderly women.
“The mind’s a queer thing,” Mary observed after Kitty had half-ﬁlled her glass from the new bottle. “I’d think I was going balmy if it didn’t seem so real, even now.”
“Some things are like that.”
“Can you imagine my telling him to get me a blanket? And him dead three years?”
Kitty shook her head in appropriate amazement.
“They could take me away and lock me up,” Mary said as if that were exactly what she thought someone ought to do.
“You were just cold,” Kitty assured her.
But Mary was not to be so easily molliﬁed. “I don’t know if I kicked him or not,” she said. “But I wouldn’t be surprised if I tried. That was what I always did when he was still alive. He was such a confounded sound sleeper.” Her eyes suddenly ﬁlled up. As if connected to the same interior plumbing, Kitty’s own eyes glazed over. “The poor man can’t even rest in peace!”
Mary’s lips began to tremble. A tear trickled down each side of her high straight nose. She removed the hankie from her dress sleeve and wiped her eyes.
“You miss him, Mary.”
Mary pressed her lips together. Then she said, “You spend your whole life wishing you didn’t have to put up with someone. Then when they’re gone you start imagining them right back where they were.”
She pressed the crumpled tissue to her face while Kitty regarded her as calmly as if she were merely putting on fresh lipstick. Then Mary suddenly looked down at the gold watch on her wrist, a Bulova her husband had given her the year before his death. “Jesus, Mary, and Joseph! The cemetery will be closed, and here we sit getting soused.” She stood up abruptly, almost causing the empty beer bottle to topple. “That’s all I need to do—miss his anniversary. For sure, he’d never let me rest in peace!”
She headed for the door. Kitty squared the bill quickly, leaving a generous tip, quickly arranged her green hat more securely on her blond curls, and slung her handbag over her shoulder. Then she hurried to catch up with her cousin, who had already rushed out into the hot sun.



I Am So Loving The Cello


Arthur Aranoff and his wife lived in 6E, over Israel Bernstein’s family. We—my mother and father and myself and sometimes Mary Henderson our housekeeper when she slept over—lived in 5C. Mr. Aranoff  was our building’s resident celebrity. He played the cello, mostly for Mutual or one of the other house orchestras that radio networks maintained in those days, but occasionally he sat in with the New York Philharmonic or the Metropolitan Opera when one of their regular cellists fell ill.
We had other professionals living in the building, a six-storey affair with an elevator and dumbwaiter just off Tremont Avenue in the Bronx. Mitchell Papov, a retired oral surgeon, lived in 1D, and Bernice Kauffman’s father was a certiﬁed public accountant. But Arthur Aranoff was our star, a man who had played, however brieﬂy, under the batons of both Bruno Walter and Arturo Toscanini. When he tipped his ﬂoppy dark fedora to one of the building’s housewives, she ﬂushed with pleasure. “Good morning, Mr. Aranoff,” she replied with a little bow as if he were nobility. Sometimes he wore a cape instead of an overcoat like other men. My mother said the cape made it easier for him to carry his instrument to a performance, but my father, a jobber in the fur trade who had worked his way up from cutter’s helper, insisted that the cape was an affectation, just a means for Aranoff to call attention to himself.
Mr. Aranoff practiced ﬁve or six hours a day, including Saturdays and Sundays. We couldn’t hear him, but Izzy Bernstein said the noise drove his parents crazy and that they were always banging on the ceiling with a broom handle. They complained to the landlord and there was even a court case, but the judge ruled that since the cello was Mr. Aranoff ’s livelihood he had a right to practice “during regular business hours.” My father said that if Aranoff lived over our own apartment he would know how to ﬁx Aranoff ’s wagon, and he wouldn’t need any judge to help him either. Sometimes he cursed Aranoff in Yiddish, to which my mother, the daughter of a prosperous Upper West Side factors man and herself an amateur pianist, would respond by asking if he wouldn’t like another slice of honey cake.
When she mentioned one evening when my father was only halfway through his baked chicken that Arthur Aranoff was going to play the Haydn cello concerto on the radio that Saturday, my father immediately lost his appetite.
“But, David, you always love my baked chicken.”
“Sorry,” he said, looking confused by his lost of interest. He considered his wife’s cooking on a par with his mother’s, though Grandma’s was a very different kind of cuisine, heavy middle-European stuff that would constipate an elephant.
“Why should you begrudge the man his moment of triumph? It’s only with a radio orchestra.”
“Aranoff is a shnorer. Never done an honest day’s work in his life.”
My mother replied with what I had come to think of  as her stage laugh, a sound that reminded me of the celeste in Tchaikovsky’s Nutcracker which she took me to see at City Center every December. We also had a subscription to the Philharmonic’s children’s concerts.
“Art is his work, dear,” she said, clearing away his plate and trotting out a ﬂan she had whipped up that afternoon. I saw him hesitate as she put the glass dessert dish down and poured some caramel sauce on top. But it didn’t take him long to choose between the ﬂan and his principles. “Just as fur coats is your work. You both create things of beauty. Your own creations we can see and feel. Arthur Aranoff ’s are less tangible, something experienced only in the heart.”
I doubt my father even knew what “tangible” meant. And he had no illusions about what he did for a living: he sold animal skins to fat rich women. But my mother always talked like that whenever the subject was anything remotely connected with art. My father probably didn’t even feel offended. He readily acknowledged that his wife was better educated and more cultivated than he was. He was not ashamed but proud of it, like a man who owned a work by a great master. The work of art did not diminish its owner simply because he was not himself capable of creating such beauty. Quite the contrary.
But he still hated Arthur Aranoff, and one way or the other he was going to settle the man’s hash.
All week the building was in a buzz about the concert. The broadcast was scheduled for eight p.m., so even Mrs. Gottlieb who kept a strictly kosher house would be able to tune in. In the evenings my mother behaved as if the event were to be no big deal and scarcely mentioned it. But during the day she spoke about little else with the other women in the building. The performer himself was said to be rehearsing constantly, eight, even ten hours a day. The Bernsteins were furious.
I too was excited, though my loyalties were divided between my mother’s love for music which I shared and my father’s injured pride. His brother Michael was an orthopedic surgeon, and his sister had married a bigtime lawyer. All his family’s resources, including those that should have gone into my father’s own education, had gone toward putting his brother through medical school. From a very early age I was familiar with the tale of how everyone had chipped in to make sure that Michael got his M.D., only to see the new doctor turn his back on his uncouth relations the minute he started dating an OB-GYN’s daughter from Forest Hills. Aunt Miriam, as I knew her, had a twitch that I learned to imitate. “How lovely to see you, my child!” I would mimic in Aunt Miriam’s quasi-gentile accent and then blink my left eye hard as if something had just ﬂown into it. My father would rock with delight. “That’s good! That’s good!  Esther, come see Annie’s imitation of that stuck-up shmalts-ball Michael married.”
When Saturday ﬁnally rolled around my mother could no longer hide her excitement. We were not friends with the Aranoffs—as a couple my parents hardly ever socialized—but I had accompanied my mother any number of times when Mr. Aranoff doffed his big hat and stopped to chat with her on the sidewalk. I could see there was some kind of mutual admiration going on there. Aranoff didn’t speak as well as my mother. Few people did. But his way of expressing himself was a long way from father’s harsh Bronxsprech, and neither Aranoff nor my mother ever used any Yiddish during these conversational impromptus. Sometimes as I listened to them exchange opinions about Casals or Heiﬁtz I would think, What if Mr. Aranoff were my father instead of the coarse man that fate had assigned me?
When my mother returned to our apartment after one of these chance meetings she seemed intoxicated, the way she looked after she had had a Sunday afternoon “highball” or a second glass of Manischewitz during seder. Sometimes she even sang, gay little tunes with French lyrics about shepherds and long summer nights.
Father worked most Saturdays, and this was to be no exception. In the afternoon mother baked a cake and listened to a live broadcast of La bohème on the same station that was going to air Mr. Aranoff ’s performance that night. She sometimes asked father if he wouldn’t like to go to an opera with her, and he always managed to put her off without outright refusing—his schedule was too unpredictable; you never knew when a buyer would have to be taken to dinner; his hemorrhoids. She wouldn’t dream of going to an opera or even a movie without her husband accompanying her. No matter how much French she spoke or how progressive her political and moral ideas, the loyal Jewish wife was still very strong in her. All afternoon we sang along with the music coming out of the RCA portable she kept on top of the refrigerator, and when poor tubercular Mimi was breathing her last I saw two tears trickle down my mother’s pale cheeks in perfect unison.
By seven o’clock the dishes were done and my mother had changed into the dress she wore when she took me shopping on Fordham Road. She rearranged some ﬁgurines in the big hutch that dominated half a wall of our living room. Then she ﬂipped through old issues of The Ladies Home Journal. Father was reading a copy of the Post and almost visibly digesting the veal cutlet she had made for supper.
“How about taking a walk up to Cushman’s for cheesecake?” he said, abruptly closing the paper. They frequently strolled along the Grand Concourse on a Saturday evening, weather permitting, a habit left over from my father’s Orthodox youth.
She reminded him that the concert would be starting in half an hour. “That shmuck. For him I have to give up my evening?”
“He’s our neighbor, David. It isn’t every day someone you know gets to play on the radio. Besides, I made a cake this afternoon. Your favorite. Annie helped.”
My father grunted and regarded me as if I were part of the conspiracy against him. But he allowed my mother to cut him a generous slice and sat down at the kitchen table while she ﬁddled with the knobs on the RCA. “Why can’t we get a real radio,” she said, voicing one of her rare complaints, “like other people?”
“You don’t need a radio to hear Aranoff,” he replied, his mouth full of devil’s food. “All you have to do is step out in the hall.”
We listened to a long newscast, then a commentary by Gabriel Heeter or someone very like him, accompanied by snide comments from my father who looked as if he would very much like to leave my mother to her arty nonsense but was afraid what might happen if he did.
Finally we heard the theme music for the concert. Then the announcer came on, a deep self-conﬁdent voice speaking a kind of Anglo-American that no one I knew spoke. When he introduced the soloist for the Haydn concerto he called him “our own virtuoso, Arthur Aranoff,” at which point my father made a vulgar sound. Mother shushed him.
Impressed though I was by Arthur Aranoff ’s being chosen as soloist for a radio performance, I really had no idea how good or bad he was. Nor had I ever heard the Haydn cello concerto before. But I ﬁgured if I listened closely I would be able to tell if he really was a “virtuoso.” So that was what I did, sitting quietly beside my parents at the kitchen table which still contained a few dark crumbs from my father’s dessert.
But father was ﬁdgeting like a schoolboy being kept after class. He would stand up as if he suddenly remembered he had to do something else, then abruptly sit down again. During the slow movement he went into the living room and rustled the pages of the Post until my mother asked him to please stop. By the time the ﬁnal movement was under way he was back standing in the kitchen doorway. But his restlessness seemed to have disappeared. He even seemed to be enjoying the bouncy closing theme, patting the doorjamb in time with the music. My mother smiled up at him. He smiled back.
“Need anything from the corner?” he asked after the concert was over. “I thought I’d pick up a copy of the News.”
“You don’t want to take a walk up the Concourse?”
“After I get back. Annie,” he said then, “care to come along?” 
“Do I have to?”
I suspected right away he was up to something my mother would not approve of, and I wanted to ﬁnd out what it was. But I had to at least make a pretense of not being a willing party to it.
He took my hand as soon as we were out of the apartment and held onto it as we waited for the elevator and then during the ride down to the building’s lobby where we ran into the Leibermans.
“You heard the concert?” Mrs. Leiberman said, all a-dither.
“I heard, Mrs. Leiberman. A virtuoso performance!” father said, though I knew he was only using that phrase because he had heard the radio announcer use it. But Mrs. Leiberman nodded her head in approval and then, noticing me, said, “What a big girl!” and patted my shoulder with her bony ﬁngers.
Walking down Tremont Avenue he whistled one of the themes from the Haydn concerto, or at least his own version of it, introducing klezmer-like trills and Pop Goes the Weasel endings at the end of every eighth bar. I giggled at his interpolations but was impressed by his musical invention, something I never would have thought him capable of. I returned the pressure of his hand and began to swing our arms up and down rhythmically. When he came to the end of another eight bars I anticipated the twist he would give to the phrase and joined in. The next time, he let me ﬁll in the phrase by myself, and I gave it such a wild turn that we both laughed till we were out of breath.
When we reached the corner newsstand, instead of  buying a newspaper he raised his thick index ﬁnger and nodded toward the telephone booth nearby. It was clear he had mischief in mind, so I followed him in. He closed the door, forcing me to stand very close, something I hadn’t done since I was a young child. In the cramped, airless quarters I became aware for the ﬁrst time of his masculine smell, an odor of old sweat and some sort of solvent. To my surprise, I found I liked it.
He dropped a coin in the box and carefully dialed a number. I heard the ringing in the receiver which he held, as he did all telephones, half an inch from his ear as if wary of what might come out of it. Then I heard someone pick up on the other end.
“Please may I speak,” my father began in the voice of a middle-age Polish Jewish woman, “with the great voytchuoso Arthur Aranoff.”
I started to giggle. He glanced down and nodded as if to conﬁrm my part in the ruse. At that point I didn’t really expect Arthur Aranoff to come to the phone. You couldn’t just call up a radio station and get to speak to one of the performers, whether it was just our neighbor from 6E or Jack Benny himself. And yet my father seemed so conﬁdent—I had heard him do a Yiddish accent before but never a full-blown impersonation, and certainly not that of  a woman—that I was beginning to believe he could bring it off.
“That’s you, Meester Aranoff ?” he said in a voice that sounded like claw-handed Mrs. Leiberman and all the other superannuated immigrant Jewish women I had ever known, with a touch of Milton Berle thrown in (how had he got the voice down so pat? did he practice in the freight elevators at Feinman & Sons?) I could see great jiggly bosoms that had nothing to do with my own hard chest. I could smell latkes frying in grease so thick my mother would ﬂee retching in disgust. I could hear all the raucous noises and uncouth smells of a Jewish ancestry I had till that moment felt so uneasy with. And I was amazed at how much fun it all seemed to be.
“Meester Aranoff, I am so lovink the cello! For years I am leestening the Haydn concerto. Such beauty, Meester Aranoff. Such feelink! But never do I hear playink like yours. A voytchuoso, Meester Aranoff. That’s what I’m callink you. A voytchuoso!”
He paused to give Aranoff a chance to respond and took the opportunity to give me a wink, part co-conspirator, part caution not to give the game away.
“No, no, Meester Aranoff. No false modesty. Tsu ﬁl anivez iz a halber shtoltz. I’m sayink to my Moishe here, ‘Dahlink, I must tell in person this man how much I am lovink his cello.’”
I was gagging with laughter. This was better than a Marx Brothers comedy. Better than Steven Rabinowitz’s imitation of Mrs. Froelich. “Not at all, Meester Aranoff. Every void you desoyve. Every. Single. Void.”
The next morning we ran into the Aranoffs in the lobby. Mr. Aranoff was wearing his black cape and had set his ﬂoppy hat at a rakish angle. His wife had on a frilly print dress. Aranoff doffed his hat to my mother and she immediately complimented him on the concert the night before. He ﬂushed with pleasure.
“A virtuoso performance,” my father said, taking everyone by surprise, since nobody, the Aranoffs included, had any illusions about my father’s interest in music. He had once signed a petition for the Bernsteins even though we ourselves never heard anything from the Aranoffs’ apartment. 
“Well, thank you, David,” Aranoff  said, obviously moved by this compliment from an unexpected source. “Thank you very much indeed.”
“It was very well received,” Mrs. Aranoff  put in. “Tell them, Arthur, about the woman who called in to the radio station.”
Aranoff feigned modesty, but it was obvious he had been telling the story to everyone.
“Just some aﬁcionado,” he said. “An educated woman. European accent. Probably a musician herself. It was very gratifying.”
“Isn’t that marvelous,” my mother said. “Well, we all know how good you are, Arthur, and we’re very proud of you.”
“Very,” father said, giving my hand a squeeze.
My father never repeated his performance in that telephone booth. But those few minutes convinced me of  something about him I would never forget and doubly cherished for being kept a secret from everyone but the two of us. It was like having a world-class gunslinger for a father, a Wyatt Earp who had come out of retirement just that one time to rid the town of bad guys before sinking back into anonymity. It was like having a father who was every bit as much a virtuoso as Arthur Aranoff, even if he didn’t get to perform for millions of people and no one but myself knew how good he was.
Of course, we never told my mother, and even between us we scarcely ever recalled that evening—a couple exceptions being: when he took me in his arms at my wedding reception for the traditional father-daughter dance and in response to an overzealous violinist in the trio he had hired for the occasion whispered, “I am so lovink the cello!”; the other time was when I visited him in the hospital shortly before his death.
He was barely able to speak. He gestured for me to come closer. I did, until our heads were just a few inches from each other. His eyes were glazed from pain-killers and there were tubes in his nostrils. I thought what he wanted was a kiss, so I kissed him on his pink stubbly cheek. But then he parted his lips and I turned my head sideways to catch what he was going to say.
Despite the grim circumstances I broke into a wide grin. Pleased with his success, he smiled as well.
Afterward, my mother asked what he had said. “Just,” I replied, “that he loves me very much.”



The World


“You perturb my spirit.”
That was what he used to say, or something very like it. As if he were the ghost in Hamlet or already dead himself. He never said such things in the heat of an argument. He sprung them on her when she was deep into one of her whodunnits or placidly crocheting an afghan to keep their feet warm during the long heatless nights.
“You perturb my spirit.”
Gently, as if quoting a favorite line of verse or remembering something she had left off the week’s grocery list. Even after she had trained herself to respond in kind, she still felt shocked and hurt, far more so than if he had merely called her some vile name.
Outside the 727 a patch of lights a thousand feet below swung lazily toward the horizon. She looked for a landmark, a set of tall buildings or shoreline, but there was only snaking highway, suburban lanes, a brightly lit baseball ﬁeld. She felt for the carry-on she had tucked under the seat when she changed planes in Chicago, then glanced at the passenger beside her. He was sound asleep, his lips parted like a fat baby’s. David used to look like that after he had ﬁnished sucking her breasts dry and fallen into a sated stupor on the bed beside her.
The boy had turned out to be more like his father than seemed possible, given Gerry’s part-time parenting—the occasional Sunday visit when his “nerves” allowed; predictable Christmas and Easter blitzes, father-bountiful laden with presents she herself couldn’t afford. Back then the boy’s ﬂesh and her own had seemed one, his voice so like hers that her mother used to mistake them on the telephone. They had seemed to be growing up together, as if he were a baby brother rather than an offspring. Then, over the course of just one summer, overnight, it seemed, his voice dropped two octaves and his chin took on the arrogant thrust of his father’s. And one Saturday morning when she was hectoring him to put down the comic books and clean his room, he narrowed his big green eyes and announced in his father’s exact tone of ten years earlier, “You perturb my spirit.”
No one she knew, none of the other young mothers at the sandbox, none of her old chums from Mount St. Vincent, used a word like “perturb” in ordinary conversation—if “conversation” was what her husband’s snide asides and long-winded monologues were supposed to be. When he was really angry, too out of control to pick and choose his insults, he reverted to coarse street language. But he must have worked on those one-liners for days, just as he endlessly mulled over material for his newspaper column but always wrote it out in one seeming gush of inspiration.
“I believe there’s a small anthropoid in chambers,” he might inform her when he was working on his book about the sixties that was never quite ready to submit to a publisher. And of course she would carry the boy off wailing and kicking, as if his father were a prime minister in conference with another head of state or a holy man communing with his God. An all-girl parochial education hadn’t prepared her for dealing with the male ego in a strictly domestic setting. How could it, when the only males she had come in contact with were priests whom the nuns regarded as if they were semi-divine creatures who had stepped out of their UFOs just to uplift the lesser sex?
She glanced again at the dozing protoplasm in the seat beside her, his mouth open wide like a corpse, and wished with all her strength that he was dead and that all his sex would that moment die with him. But then she recalled that the plane’s pilot was also a man, and so good-looking in a predictable gray-at-the-temples way that her groin had ached at a mere glimpse of him from the passenger’s lounge at O’Hare.
The plane landed on time, but there was no one waiting for her. She remained at the gate, checking her watch every half minute, her fear that something terrible had happened to her son barely keeping her anger in check. There would be no trafﬁc to detain him at this time of day. She had been sitting in airplanes or waiting in airport lounges for six hours while he had been watching movies on her VCR or jawing with friends on the telephone. She had warned him she would take a bus if he was late. She looked at her watch one more time, then strode toward the terminal exit, only to have him nearly bowl her over just as she reached the sidewalk outside.
“I’m sorry. I mean, anybody can oversleep.” 
“At seven in the evening?”
“I was up late last night.” 
“Watching TV.”
He took his eyes off the road long enough for the car to drift a couple feet toward the next lane. She said nothing: she hadn’t ﬂown three thousand miles only to end up a statistic on the Jersey Turnpike. “As it happens, I was studying for the Law Boards. I mean, you could give me credit for some integrity.”
She looked out the car window at the reﬁnery towers straddling the horizon, their ﬂaming tongues licking at the gray sky like so many Martians getting ready to ravage the landscape.
“Just don’t tell me I perturb your spirit.” 
“Don’t tell you what?”
“Never mind,” she said. “You fed the cat?” 
“I fed the cat.”
“Every day?”
“Morning and night. Although he never eats more than half what he’s given.”
“He likes to see a full plate of food. It cheers him up.” 
“Doesn’t do much for the horses he’s eating.”
His jaw was thrust forward just like his father’s when he wanted to be sure to make his point. All she could see of herself in that angular proﬁle were the deeply-set eyes, and even they were the wrong color.
“Why did you have to bring that up?” she asked in the accusing tone that used to make his eyes ﬁll up with shame. “You don’t know for a fact they use horsemeat.”
“Sure, ma. Dream on.”
“You say things like that just to hurt me.” She wanted to add, “...just like your father.” “Why couldn’t you just say, ‘Yes, I fed the cat,’ and leave it at that?”
He sucked in some air, but said nothing. At least he differed from his father in that one respect: His father would never let an argument drop, never accept a plea for truce. He would make his point to your corpse if necessary. But as soon as you turned on him he conveniently developed an asthma attack or even an incipient coronary until you backed off. And she did back off, always.
“You saw Julia?” she asked. 
“We talked on the phone.”
Even in the dim light she could see his blush. She could feel it as well, just as she used to feel the sting of his skinned knees and ﬁrst-day-of-school jitters. His girlfriend reminded her of her younger self—gullible, loving, not a mean bone in her lean frame—a girl she could so easily accept as a daughter-in-law that she knew her eagerness for the match was helping prevent it.
“You sent the check for the Law Boards?”
“I couldn’t ﬁnd a stamp. Hey,” he said, slapping the steering wheel, “how about easing up? The deadline isn’t till the end of the month.”
“I made a point of leaving it on the kitchen table the morning I left.”
“Jesus Christ, ma.”
“There’s no need to swear.” 
“Who’s swearing?”
She looked out at a gray bicycle factory on the bleak plain to the north, at a last-chance motel hunkered onto the back side of the lower Hudson Palisades. Then the car was swallowed up by an underpass, brown concrete on both sides, with only occasional glimpses of tenements at street level.
She sat back with a sigh of resignation—the closest, it seemed, that she ever came to actual relaxation. The car’s motion, until then an uncertain, even precarious progress, became inevitable, soothing.
She let her eyes close and discovered that she could easily fall asleep. She seemed consumed by fatigue, as helpless before it as a young child with nothing more on her mind than the musty smell of her father’s straw-weave backseat.
Her head fell forward, jarring her fully awake. Midtown Manhattan ﬁlled the car’s windshield like an ice sculpture. “The world,” she murmured. That was what the nun who conducted her annual high school retreat called that shimmering skyline. The World, the Flesh, and the Devil. Of the three, the devil had seemed the most plausible. He at least was a man—a bad man, or angel, actually, and therefore very interesting to a girl of ﬁfteen. By contrast, the ﬂesh held no attraction at all, an abstraction as remote as an isosceles triangle. But the “wirl’d,” as the young-old Irish nun pronounced it, gesturing toward the chapel’s open stained-glass windows offering glimpses of the tall ofﬁce towers across the bay—that was another matter entirely, perhaps something worth risking one’s soul for. But did the nun actually mean to indicate distant Manhattan Island with that grand sweep of  her thickly habited arm? Or did she merely mean to suggest all that was not at that moment encompassed by the dim chapel, the dozen virgins it contained, and the red-ﬂickering Presence in the tabernacle?
She supposed she was now part of that “wirl’d,” had been ever since she invited her husband to move out of their two-bedroom apartment and then, to her surprise, he did just that, not to some lonely attic to ﬁnish his great book but to the Upper East Side duplex of an Italian journalist he had, as it turned out, been sleeping with for the previous six months. After progressing from ﬁle clerk to assistant researcher and then on to more responsible jobs, trips to Bogota and Zurich with weekend stopovers in St. Lucy and London, was there anything left of the almost-nun she herself had been in that gloomy chapel twenty-ﬁve years earlier? 
She turned toward her only child, now a grown man, deftly piloting her Japanese sedan through the Holland tunnel. His face, just a few minutes ago angular and aggressive, now seemed identical with that of the little boy whose soft bottom once ﬁt so neatly on her lap. In the artiﬁcial light there was no trace of the dark beard he was hoping to grow. His thoughts seemed far away—on Julia, on his willful but sentimental father? For two decades this child had been all she had, the focus around which everything else revolved, despite the men who had come and gone from her life.
“I missed you.”
He reacted with the same half-embarrassed, half-mocking smile with which his father used to deliver his most hurtful words. But then he turned halfway toward her and winked—her wink (his father was incapable of a wink, literally could not close one eye without closing the other). In response, she felt a pang of love and loss for something that she knew was about to slip from her grasp forever. Yet she knew she had no choice, no reasonable choice, but to let it go.



Company


Some people are hopeless. Jack and I have known each other since we roomed together in college. I’ve been wining and dining him and his wives for the better part of two decades. Never once did I suggest he was an irresponsible child, a big baby who bolted from every serious relationship he’s ever been in. I even let him sleep on my sofa after each of his marital fallings-out. I loaned him money (some of which he paid back). I let him borrow my cars which he ran into the ground as if they were his own—correction: as if they were not his own. I put up with his tirades against capitalism, organized religion and anything else he imagined I held dear. I never forgot his kid’s birthday or failed to buy his current wife a Christmas present.
But no more.
We have him over two or three times a year. He lives in Park Slope now. Jennie and I are still in the same brownstone we bought in Cobble Hill when Jack lived over this way with his ﬁrst wife. Carol was a sweetheart, pure Marymount but without the Mounty’s sharp tongue or prissy manners. She doted on Jack, actually supported him so he could paint his watercolors. He’s a good artist, though not as good as he likes to think. Until last Saturday we hadn’t seen him since the summer. We spend most of August in New Hampshire at an old farm my partner owns. I offered to let Jack and his present mate stay here while we were away, but he declined—said the “vibes” were wrong.
He always brings a bottle of wine to these little get-togethers, the same generic Bordeaux Rouge. I think he’s trying to make a statement: ‘I’m just an ordinary bloke, a man of the people.’ I don’t mind that he doesn’t bring anything better than vin ordinaire. I couldn’t care less if he brought nothing at all. In fact, I’d prefer it that way. It’s not my fault nobody buys his paintings.
I was standing at one of the big windows on the parlor ﬂoor when I spotted him and Mona coming down the block, Jack in his twenty-year-old raincoat, Mona in something off the rack from the Salvation Army. The wine was tucked under his arm. They were neither of them talking, and Jack looked especially glum. I remember thinking, ‘Uh, oh,’ because since the baby arrived last January, we don’t have a room to spare. ‘It’s the YMCA for you this time, my friend,’ I said, turning my attention to the Coopers’ West Indian cleaning woman who was shooing a scrawny stray from the garbage cans in the areaway. Which reminded me of  something that happened the week before. But I’ll come to that later.
“Something for the spirit,” Jack said, handing me the wine. I mouthed words of appreciation, noting the $2.99 price tag. But subtlety is lost on that man. He beamed as if he had just presented me with a ‘67 Chateauneuf du Pape. Then Mona offered her cheek and I suggested that we have an aperitif in the parlor.
We redecorated last spring. Rewired the entire house, had plumbers and plasterers in and ﬁnally restored the oak parquet that was originally laid on cherry planks at the turn of the century. With the paint job, the work damn near cost a second mortgage, but the house’s value increased ﬁfty per cent. Not that we’re thinking of selling. Tanya’s only in kindergarten, and Bobby starts Trinity High School in the fall. We also bought a new sofa and armchairs—ordered the patterns directly from Braunschweig. To ﬁll up some of the white space on our new walls we bought a couple oil paintings from a local artist I’d had my eye on. One is a huge ﬂoral arrangement, slightly out of focus, the other a beach scene. They each measure four foot square, but you’d have to see our big parlor walls to appreciate how well they look.
I made the mistake of hoping Jack would approve. I should have known better. It’s not as if I don’t have plenty of his own pictures hanging about, though not in the parlor where they would be lost in the sheer expanse of that mammoth plastering job. He’d already seen the two oils last spring when we had him and Mona over for pesto and steaks in the yard. He had wrinkled up his nose at the still life before turning his attention to the beach scene. For a moment I thought he actually might say something positive. But he just grinned maliciously. “You can almost feel the sand between your toes,” he said, and asked if I had any beer in the house.
He never even glanced at the pictures this time. He just plopped down on the sofa and crossed the legs of the old polyester slacks he wears for these occasions. He had on a pale blue cashmere pullover—Mona’s Christmas present. He needed a haircut but knows he’s still good-looking enough that it doesn’t matter. Mona herself had on a dark sweater-and-skirt combination. She’s a few years older than Jack, but still quite attractive—lucky for her. I didn’t like her at ﬁrst, but she’s grown on me. I’ve even come to feel sorry for her. Jack was a bit of a pill to live with twenty years ago. I don’t imagine he’s gotten any better.
“Cinzano and soda?” I asked, feeling more than a merely social need for a drink myself. Mona agreed, but Jack gave me the amused look he puts on to make me feel as if I’ve just made a fool of myself. “Budweiser for the gentleman?”
I went back downstairs for the drinks, leaving poor Jennie to hold the fort. When I returned Jack was holding forth about co-oping in the Slope—greedy landlords and yuppies who will pay any rent and drive honest citizens like himself out of the neighborhood. He hasn’t forgot I was a landlord myself until my salary was such that I could make the mortgage payments without renting out the top two ﬂoors.
“Why don’t you try another part of the city?” I suggested. “It’s still possible to ﬁnd a reasonable rent in Greenpoint or...Long Island City.”
He eyed me icily. He always brings out the tease in me. It was Mona who broke the silence.
“No way,” she said, most of her Cinzano gone. “This is as far from Manhattan as I go.”
“Greenpoint is actually closer to Wall Street than where we live now,” Jack told her.
“Makes no difference. I’m not moving anyplace other than Manhattan. You can have the boroughs.”
Jack gave her an even chillier version of the cold glare he had just shown me. It’s hard to gauge the state of a relationship from just a few minutes conversation, but on the basis of what I’d seen of Jack’s previous matings, I gave this one another six-months-to-a-year.
We headed back downstairs for dinner. Jennie had prepared prawn cocktails, followed by ﬁlets mignons bordelaises. I put together the salad myself. We don’t eat like that every night, and I said so. But Jack’s comment that this was the ﬁrst decent meal he’d had in weeks did nothing to improve the climate between him and Mona.
“I made you lasagna just last week.” 
“So you did.”
I offered them Italian bread that’s still baked fresh every hour at a shop on Henry Street. Mona glared angrily into her dish of prawns, but now that he had successfully insulted her, Jack’s own temper was much improved.
“Did you tell Jack and Mona about the visitor we had this week?” Jennie said. She had been bouncing up and down to see about the ﬁlets. I was grateful for the change of subject, but I would not have raised this particular one on my own.
“It was the oddest thing.”
I went on to relate how I had heard the doorbell ring when I was doing some touch-up work in the kids’ bathroom on the third ﬂoor. A moment later Tanya came bounding up the stairs and said there was a “dark man” at the door. I thought immediately of the plasterer who still had work to ﬁnish on the basement level, and cursed under my breath because we were expecting company that evening.
But it wasn’t the plasterer. It wasn’t anyone I had ever seen before. “Yes?” I said through the glass door. The young man—he looked to be in his middle twenties, “dark” alright, but not negroid—was smiling broadly. He was dressed in jeans and a ﬂak jacket. It was a damp, chilly day, but he didn’t look especially cold. “Yes?” I said again, having no intention at that point of opening the door; there had been a number of break-ins in the neighborhood recently. But he kept on smiling and pointed a long brown ﬁnger at his chest, then at me, as if there were no chance of his being heard through the glass. By this time I had him ﬁgured for a salesman or, worse, Jehovah’s Witness. We could have gone on with our charade indeﬁnitely, so I decided to open the door. It was the middle of the afternoon, and I ﬁgured I outweighed him by twenty pounds.
“I would never open my door to a stranger,” Mona said. “I don’t even open it for Jack unless I can see him plainly through the peephole.”
“Which you rarely can.”
“I’m nearsighted,” she replied. “If you were nearsighted you’d understand.”
I fumbled with the key—we rarely receive visitors on the parlor level—until I ﬁnally succeeded in worrying it through the ancient lock. The man never hesitated. He was into the vestibule even before the door was fully open. I positioned myself between him and the inside entrance. “Yes?” I said again, this time with authority.
“Hi,” he replied, offering his hand and an even brighter version of his big smile. His teeth were whiter than Tanya’s piano keys. His eyes were black. “My name’s Alonzo. I’m homeless. I’ve been asking folks in the neighborhood if they can help me out with some canned goods or leftovers they might have in their fridge. I used to have an apartment on Court Street, but the landlord evicted everyone so he could renovate for condos. I’ve been out of work for more than a year since I injured my back. I’d appreciate any help you can give.”
I like to think I’m no fool when it comes to spotting a con man. But it was only afterward that I realized I should have asked what use he could make of canned goods if he was homeless, not to mention how he was surviving with just that cotton jacket to keep him warm. I guess I was hypnotized by his big grin. Even so, my mind was working overtime calculating how far I was from the nearest weapon (the poker in the parlor ﬁreplace would do), whether it was likely he had a knife or gun concealed under his jacket, and if Tanya was still up on the third ﬂoor or, more likely, was hovering just behind me, her thumb in her mouth.
Of course, I left out these deliberations in the story I told Jack and Mona. As I said before, if  Jennie hadn’t raised the subject I would not have brought it up on my own. I knew Jack would try to turn the incident into some kind of joke at my expense.
I asked Tanya to run downstairs and tell her mother we had company. Half a minute later Jennie appeared, in her usual dither, but hardly expecting to ﬁnd this dark stranger in her parlor.
“This is Alonzo,” I said. Even before I could ﬁnish the introduction, he was pumping my wife’s hand and treating her to his hundred-watt smile. “He’s a homeless person,” I added, and sure enough, Jennie looked as if I had said he was an Egyptian mummy. But Alonzo’s grin never ﬂagged. “He stopped by to ask if we had any extra food we could spare.”
Comprehension ﬁnally registered on Jennie’s pale brow. “You’re collecting for the homeless? Why, that’s wonderful.”
“No, ma’am,” he corrected, “I am homeless. I’m collecting for myself.” And then he gave her the same smooth rap he had laid on me when I ﬁrst opened the door.
I ﬁgured this game had gone on long enough, so I told my wife to see if we couldn’t spare something from the pantry. “Aren’t there also cold cuts in the fridge?” I called after her as she was hastening back to the stairwell. She hesitated, showing a look that made me want to burst out laughing despite my own apprehensions—I still didn’t know what Alonzo’s real game was and by this time he was ensconced in my parlor, having a look at the beach scene.
“Would you like to...sit down?” I said, indicating a wooden rocker that wouldn’t be offended by his weathered denim. But he favored our new Braunschweig sofa. He ﬁngered the lush pattern critically.
“Very nice.”
“How long have you lived in the area?” I asked. “I mean, before you were evicted.”
He spotted the still life and got up to have a closer look. When he replied, it was in the manner of someone who had more important things on his mind. “Two, three years.”
“You’re not sure?”
He waited until he had completed his appraisal of the still-life before answering. “What difference does it make?” he said, his grin gone stale around the edges. Then, perhaps realizing how I, his benefactor, might take his offhanded tone, he added, “I mean, what does time matter? It’s all karma anyway.”
He sat down again, this time in the rocker, and looked as if he had no intention of going anywhere else for the rest of the day. “You like it here?”
I said that we liked it well enough, wondering what was taking Jennie so long to throw a few cans into a paper bag.
“I don’t come from these parts originally,” he said. “You can probably tell by my accent.”
Actually, I hadn’t noticed he had any accent at all—a sure sign, I then realized, that he was not a native New Yorker. “Where do you hail from?”
His dark eyes—they had become oddly bright—ﬁxed on me as if for the ﬁrst time. “I already told you,” he said, “I’m homeless.”
Just then Jennie reappeared, staggering under the weight of two full shopping bags. I never asked our visitor to clarify his response and he didn’t seem inclined to pursue the subject. I gave him something short of the bum’s rush to the door, but he made a point of putting down his shopping bags on the top of the stoop and shaking hands in full view of the neighbors.
“My God!” Mona said after I had ﬁnished the story. “He could have been an ax-murderer!”
“I doubt that,” I said, sipping some pinot noir. The steaks had been ﬁrst-class. “He was too skinny to have something as bulky as an ax concealed on his person.”
“Even so...”
“More likely he was putting you on,” Jack said, helping himself to more scalloped potatoes.
“Putting me on how?”
“Gooﬁng on you, man. Conning you.”
“Oh, I don’t think he was,” Jennie said, shocked as always at any suggestion of mendacity. “Do you, honey?”
I made a reach for the creamed cauliﬂower. “The thought crossed my mind. But what difference does it make? If he actually needed food, then we did a good deed. If he didn’t, what did we lose—a few cans of tuna?”
I spoke offhandedly but was expressing a conclusion that had taken me the better part of a week to come to. I had felt very foolish indeed when I still thought the entire episode might have been an elaborate joke.
“Of course, he may also have been casing the place,” Jack said. But I was tired of the subject. I turned toward my wife, who had become very quiet, and suggested we have coffee up in the parlor.
After we were settled again on the sofas, Tanya came down for her goodnight kiss. Mona immediately lost her preoccupied look and opened her arms wide to the child. Jack watched with ill-concealed disdain. Mona had no children of her own, although her ﬁrst marriage had lasted ﬁfteen years. Jack had a son living in Connecticut, a nice boy a couple years older than my Robert. As I watched Mona fuss over my daughter I realized she probably wanted nothing more from life now than a child of her own to love. Fat chance, I thought, keeping one eye on Jack who preferred even the beach scene to that of his woman showing affection to another human being.
After Tanya headed upstairs for the night, Jack asked, “How much did you pay for them?” nodding toward the painting.
“Actually, we got a good deal. The artist was relocating and wanted to travel as light as possible. We probably paid less than half what they’re actually worth.” I had no intention of giving him a dollar amount. No price would have seemed right to someone who hadn’t sold any of his own work since last year’s Promenade exhibit. Besides, I liked the paintings.
I brought out a bottle of kirsch to wash down the coffee, put some evensong on the stereo, and as we all sat sipping, a rosy glow seemed to permeate the room, a sense of good fellowship, however slightly out of focus, like my still-life. I reached for Jennie’s hand, thinking how lucky I was to have a loving wife and family, good health and, yes, an old friend like Jack, however trying he could be.
Then through a haze of  ecclesiastical reverberation I heard, “Of course, the same fate could happen to any one of us here. The way things are going, we could ﬁnd our asses out on the street just like Alonzo.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You don’t believe there’s a ‘safety net’ that catches us if real calamity strikes? Suppose you fell ill or lost your job because of—I don’t know,” he gestured with our Swedish crystal “—professional misconduct. It isn’t only doctors who get sued for malpractice, you know. Or, take my own case. Where would I be if Mona lost her job and couldn’t ﬁnd another?”
My mood was ruined. I suspected that whatever ideas I had been putting into Jennie’s mind for bedtime were also in jeopardy.
“What are you talking about? Even if we did lose my income temporarily, Jennie could take up the slack. Just as you could,” I added, no longer concerned about stepping on his delicate ego.
“Suppose you both got ill at the same time? Suppose one, or even both of you, were in a serious accident? It happens, you know.”
“Yes, and when it does people fall back on their savings, or their insurance, or in the last resort on their families.”
“Your brother lives in New Mexico. Would you be willing to relocate to New Mexico?”
“If I had to, certainly,” I said, feeling my wife’s ﬁngers tightening on my own. “My God, Jack, you have this maudlin imagination that always thinks the worst.”
“It’s not so preposterous. There are thousands of people on the streets of this city who would have also thought the idea ‘preposterous’ if you told them a couple years ago they would be sleeping on subway gratings. What about your Alonzo? Didn’t you say he had a good job before he lost his apartment?”
“He was obviously lying. You said yourself he was a con man.” 
“Then, why did you give him food?”
Mona let out a big sigh and looked at her watch. When she did the animosity I had been feeling toward her mate suddenly included her as well.
“To get rid of him,” I said.
My wife turned toward me with saucer eyes. “You didn’t believe him?”
“Well, I did and I didn’t. Giving him what he asked for just seemed the easiest way to get him out of our hair. Look,” I said to Jack, “what are we arguing about anyway?”
“Who’s arguing? You just got taken, man, pure and simple. You feel foolish, but you don’t want to admit it. It’s a human reaction.”
“Thank you very much, but I don’t think I need you to tell me what’s human.”
Jennie pinched my arm as if I were a sleepwalker heading toward an open window.
“Actually,” Jack went on, “you’re right. People like you don’t have anything to worry about. It’s only poor bastards like Alonzo who end up on the street. You’ll weather any kind of calamity, and your kids will go to Ivy League colleges. That’s what the American Dream is all about. Your own father was a laborer who broke his ass so you could become a professional. You send your kids to private schools instead of those retarded parochial schools we had to go to. Your kids meet the right people and become high-powered business types. You don’t imagine they’ll settle for being lawyers or doctors, do you? Hell, the professions are for the children of Jews and immigrants.”
Never mind that he had already done a 180-degree turn about Alonzo. Never mind that we were both drunk enough to be able to claim afterward that anything we said should not be held against us. In vino veritas, I say. The next thing I knew I was on my feet, heading for the same parlor entrance which hadn’t been opened since I let Alonzo in.
“Here’s your coats.”
“Gerald!” Jennie cried in protest.
Jack accepted his ragged raincoat with a sour grin. We were both swaying from the kirsch, but I had already decided that if he tried to throw a punch I would hit him right back.
He did nothing of the kind. He put on his coat, then helped Mona into hers with more solicitude than he had shown her all evening. She looked too terriﬁed to speak, but just as I was about see them out the door she turned toward me, looking as if I might hit her, and asked if she could please use the bathroom.
Suddenly I felt like an ogre.
“Of course,”I replied. “And I’ll call you a cab.” 
“No need,” Jack said. “We’ll take the bus.”
There was an uncomfortable minute while we waited for Mona. Jennie asked nervously about Jack’s son and the boy’s mother. Jennie and she had been rather close for a while, but after Carol and Jack separated she avoided us for some reason. I felt bad about how I had just acted, but there was not the slightest trace of anger on Jack’s face.
Mona joined us again, wearing a fresh application of lipstick.
I was sorry for the scare I had given her. “Come see us soon,” I said, leaning toward her freshly powdered cheek. But she averted her face, leaving my kiss hanging in midair. Neither of them said good night—not even to Jennie, who was close to tears.
“Goodbye and good riddance,” I said as I watched them walk down the block, Jack’s arm through Mona’s to keep her from tripping on the ﬂagstones.
I haven’t heard from Jack since and I have no intention of calling. Jennie’s asked if she should go ahead with the plans we had for a surprise party to celebrate his fortieth birthday.
I told her to put it on hold.



Going to Glory


Veda liked summer mornings best. Any season was a good one to be up with the sun, but in July when the sky was ablaze with light at six a.m. she felt like she was present at the moment of Creation. Even as a little girl her biggest thrill was to wake before anyone else to witness the glory of a new day.
Her husband was still asleep when she left the house. So were her two grown children, neither of whom shared her enthusiasm for the new day’s brilliant arrival. But she, as she made her way toward the subway, noted with fresh delight the welcoming red-and-white signs in the window of a bagel shop and recorded the presence of each parked car and stray pigeon scavenging for crumbs at the curbside as if they were the ﬁrst of their kind. The world seemed new as a bakery’s day-breaking fragrance, restored by the long night’s benediction like a bride at the dawn of her wedding day.
When she bought her token at the subway entrance—almost bought two—she showed her brightest smile to the clerk in the change booth. She knew what it was like to sit in one of those glass cages doling out brass slugs for eight hours. In her day the booths were neither bullet-proof nor air-conditioned. But no matter how oppressive the heat or ill-humored the commuters, she had always presented a cheerful greeting to each new face. Until her early retirement for a lower-back problem, she scarcely missed a day in seventeen years on the job.
“Good morning, sister. Praise Jesus for this glorious morning!”
There was no one on the platform but a homeless man asleep on a bench, his shopping bags clustered around him. His shoeless feet reminded her that her son had been on the street himself this past winter after he was discharged from South Beach Psychiatric and his father would not allow him back into the house. She had searched for the boy in all the municipal shelters of Brooklyn, until eventually he turned up at his grandmother’s. The old lady brought him back home herself and then gave his father what-for. “Didn’t I put up with your own tomfoolery? Who gave you the right to shut your ﬂesh and blood out in the cold? For two cents, boy, I’d take you over my knee.”
Veda’s heart ached when she saw the scabs on the young man’s arms and legs. He was better now, as long as he took his medication, but he and his father had still not made it up. If one of them walked into a room, the other left. She prayed to the Spirit to put love in their hearts, but so far the Spirit had not responded. Rabbi Ben said there was a sin somewhere in her own heart that was holding Him back. Search as she might for that offense, she was unable to ﬁnd it. But today, she recalled with a fresh thrill, her son would be freed from his afﬂiction, and she from her guilt.
“And you too, brother,” she said to the sleeping derelict as the “F” train thundered into the station, “you too shall be brought to glory.”

The boardwalk and, beyond, the sand were so ablaze with light that she had to put on her sunglasses. An old man and his dog were the lone ﬁgures on a midway of shut-up hotdog stands and Keno parlors. Even the Cyclone seemed the gray relic of a bygone civilization. In the noonlike brilliance it was easy to forget that the day was just beginning, that on an ordinary Sunday thousands of raucous teenagers would shortly repossess this world. She could more easily imagine claiming it herself, turn the clock back three decades to her youth, when she used to come here with the boy she was to marry, along with a group of other youngsters whose parents were all down-home Southern Baptists like her own. Growing up in such a godly environment, the most ordinary pleasures—a trip to the beach, even the church picnic—could seem like illicit adventure. Coney Island was the glittering repository of Sin itself, of holding hands in the Tunnel of Love, of all but strangling the boy you cared for as the roller coaster thrilled you like the orgasm you had not yet had.
But today the Cyclone’s drab latticework seemed more dream than memory. She could not conceive ascending those dizzying peaks even in the giddy days of her youth. Certainly, that young man who pursued her through her teens, always on the lookout for a furtive kiss or feverish embrace, no more resembled the man she had just left snoring in Park Slope than this abandoned amusement recalled the screaming delights of her youth.
“Good morning,” she greeted the elderly dog-walker. Lost in a dream himself and no more expecting to come upon this tall beaming dark woman than to meet a ghost out of his own sunken past, he grunted a reply and reined in his doddering pet. “Praise the Lord for this glorious day!” He couldn’t know it, but soon he too would be delivered from his sad introspections. Rabbi Ben said the Jews had turned their backs on the Spirit, but she had to believe that every man, woman and child of good will would be brought to glory along with the Ten Thousand Elect.

There was no one on the beach itself but a klatch of homeless people wrapped up in rags like bedouins. Soon the sand would be crowded with faithful. The ofﬁcial gathering place was Brighton Beach, just a short walk down the boardwalk. But even with dark glasses on, she was unable to see that far. Boardwalk, beach, sky, even the blue water of the ocean throbbed with a ﬁerce pure light. The face of God shone like this. Soon every human being would behold It as directly as she was now confronting this blazing white star.
Her high heels began to chafe. But how could she have worn ﬂats today? “Always remember you’re a lady,” her grandmother told her, “like your mama.” Grandmama was gone now too. No one was left from that side of the family but a maiden aunt in Georgia, and Veda wouldn’t know where to begin to look for her father’s people. It had never been clear where they were from. “Out West,” he used to say. But his wife teased him, “West Indies, maybe. West Africa.” Veda never did solve the mystery, not even when her father was an old man living in the brownstone that her own family now occupied. “Out West, girl,” he replied right up to the day he died in the same bed she and her sister used to pile into until their mother had enough of their fussing and sent them back to their room. Would her daddy who cared nothing for church or religion be brought to glory this morning? She couldn’t bear to think of him spending eternity in a cold grave in Green Wood Cemetery while everyone else—Mama, sister Sarah dead of polio at just ten years old, and Grandmama—were reunited. Surely the Spirit’s love included even atheists who abstained from fornicating, lies and other uncleanness?
She was dressed the same as she would be for church. The congregation had debated what attire was appropriate. Most agreed that Sunday clothes were best. A minority opted for something more casual. But already her brow was frosted with perspiration. She wiped it with a hanky she kept handy in her dress sleeve and squinted into the glare. A group of ﬁgures shimmered in the heat rising from the boardwalk ahead. She tried to see if her preacher was among them, but even shading her dark glasses she could not pick him out.
Someone called her name. Turning, she saw three ﬂoral bonnets heading her way. The faces beneath glistened with sweat.
“Veda, honey, I knew that was you. ‘There’s Veda,’ I told Cora. But she said, ‘That’s not Veda. How could Veda get ahead of us if we was on the same train?’ I told her, ‘Veda takes the “F” train.’ Ain’t that right, honey? Did you walk all the way from Coney Island?”
They embraced each other. “Hallelujah.”
“Hallelujah, honey.”
Some other women joined them, and a man as well. An elderly couple, locals out taking the sun before the heat became oppressive, watched from a nearby bench. Behind them a complex of tennis and handball courts, a pool and miniature-golf amusement were being readied for the day’s activities by young men in white elastic trucks. Veda and her co-congregationalists ignored them all, chattering away as if they were about to embark on a bus outing. The old man and woman eyed the dark strangers as if they were exotic and perhaps dangerous sea birds that had landed on the boardwalk in search of a free meal.
“Has anyone seen Rabbi Ben?” Faye Wilson asked. 
“Wilma saw his car.”
“Here comes Margaret. Margaret, did you see Rabbi Ben?” 
“Hallelujah, honey.”
The old man turned toward his wife, his palsied head trembling with equal amounts of amazement and insult.
“Good morning, sisters. Good morning!”
Her pastor’s resplendent ﬁgure was no less a revelation than his marvelous translation into their midst. Powerful muscles—he was well over six foot—strained against the seams of his white linen suit. A red tie ﬂapped on a snowy shirtfront. His head was bare, a garden of reddish-blond ringlets. Two bright blue eyes were almost lost behind a shield of thick glasses, making it seem as if he were looking at you with the entirety of those huge lenses. Sideburns thicker even than the dense growth on his head ran halfway down his cheeks, which in this strong light seemed fair. A blunt nose suggested Africa to some, Odessa to others. His lips could stretch thin in a Scotsman’s grimace, other times ﬁll out to a black man’s pout. Veda had a half-hillbilly cousin in Georgia who resembled him. Sheila Donneley, who traveled all the way from MacDonald Avenue to attend services, said he was the “dead spit” of her brother in Armagh. Alice Chan claimed he looked like a television quizmaster in Hong Kong.
“Hallelujah, everybody.”
Without any sign or word or felt will to do so, they began moving as one onto the beach. Veda hung back in the second rank. Like the rest, she had taken off her shoes. The sand was warm but not yet the hot coals it would be in a few hours. Still, everyone was fanning with whatever was handy—newspaper, pocketbook, Rabbi Ben’s “Wake to Glory!” Early sunbathers, their skin gleaming with lotion, watched them troop by. Gulls circled above, annoyed by this uncalled-for intrusion on their breakfast hour.
“Hallelujah!”
Rabbi Ben had told them only what the Bible itself said: that He would come from the east enthroned on a cloud surrounded by angels. She had forgotten how he worked out the precise time and place, but it was all right there in Revelations. She looked back to see if the rest of the Ten Thousand had arrived, but spotted only Chatty Thompson and Rose Negelman, hurrying to catch up. Rabbi Ben’s congregation must be the vanguard, she decided—a kind of  welcoming committee. After all, if there were only ten thousand saved in the entire world, they couldn’t all be expected to journey to Coney Island. Some, perhaps most, were too poor to afford the trip. The Lord would have to personally collect them. Perhaps He would appear simultaneously in different parts of the globe.
The tide was out, leaving a slick border of wet sand between beach and breakers. She used to be afraid to swim even here at Coney where the waves scarcely reached her knees. Her friends would drag her screaming to the water’s edge, freeing her only when she threatened to tell on them. When her own children were small she didn’t give a second thought to her old phobia, concerned only that her boys were safe and having a good time. But she had worried about her old fear returning today.
Rabbi Ben lifted his arms skyward as if raising a great weight, his white suit stretched tight across his shoulders. His back was to her, but she pictured his face the way it looked when he was in the thrall of his weekly benediction, eyes shut tight, cheeks scarlet, sweat streaming down his cheeks.
“Behold!” someone cried, but because of the gulls’ angry calls she couldn’t tell who. “Behold!” someone else shouted, this time right beside her. The water had become an immense mirror whose only purpose was to reﬂect the sun. She couldn’t see anything for the glare, but everyone around her was calling “Behold!” and “Behold! He comes!” They moved forward now as a unit rather than each picking his or her way cautiously through the surf. Veda felt the same thrill she got during prayer service when the Spirit seemed to enter Rabbi Ben, and then through him passed into the congregation at large. She heard herself cry, “Behold!” although she had still not seen anything.
She felt the water’s cold embrace, but the sensation seemed to belong to someone else. Faye Wilson took her hand and, reaching out, Veda took hold of her other neighbor’s. Rabbi Ben was a few yards ahead, his arms now extended toward the horizon. Chatty Thompson’s powerful voice was raising a hymn. Other voices, sometimes audible, sometimes lost to the surf and the circling gulls, joined in. Veda had a small but pretty voice. Even so, she rarely gave it full rein, not even when she felt the Spirit during prayer service. But this morning, up to her thighs in salt water and squinting painfully at the distant waves where something was indeed approaching, she sang loud enough to drown out every other sound. She no longer noticed, even as abstraction, the icy water on her thighs. She scarcely was aware of the other women around her.
“Hallelujah!”
She tried to raise her arms like Rabbi Ben, but found her hands still tethered to her neighbors’. She pulled free and thrust them wide, advancing into deeper water, ﬁlled with a joy which she knew was perfect faith, for so long hers only piecemeal and for the moment, but now ﬁlling her to the brim. She felt like Saint Peter about to cross the stormy waves to his beckoning Master. Peter had sunk when his belief wavered, but she was so buoyed up by her own that she knew nothing could harm her.
Song poured from her as she strained against the waves, her long hands reaching toward the shining image ahead. Not fear of the salt water lapping at her face—that bogey of her old unsaved self— not the sin that had weighed her down like lead weights strapped to her ankles, nothing could stop her now from embracing her Savior. Death itself was rendered impotent by the Lord of Life returning in glory to His people. The shouts she heard behind her were echoes of her own rejoicing, the strong arms suddenly around her waist were limbs of  angels—blue-shirted, silver-badged attendants of  Divine Majesty sent to escort her safely across the waves.



The Virgin


He had traveled a bit and believed he could distinguish a Cork accent from a Dublin and either of those from the shrunken vowels of the North, though to his ear two Irishmen from the same town sounded very much alike. Even so, he had never heard any woman go from soprano to bass the way Margo Donnelly could. And the gruff giggle with which she punctuated any wry or conﬁdential remark was uniquely her own.
“Could you tell me,” the talk-show host, a middle-age hippie who sometimes made on-air references to the sexual exploits of her youth, asked cautiously, “what exactly you do—I mean, within FCC regulations? On second thought, maybe you’d better write me a letter.”
But the revelation Margo or the pseudo-Margo had already voiced was still echoing in the hollows of his mind, his razor suspended motionless above a patch of unshaven cheek. “You see,” she had murmured in a register that caused the tile walls of his tiny bathroom to vibrate, “I know how to get a man, any man, to do whatever I want in bed.”
He had heard that same voice, one moment up in the range of Bohemian Mimi singing her tubercular little lungs out, abruptly plunge into Mephistopheles’ territory in order to make a point at a staff meeting. And then ﬁnish up, just as the voice on the radio had, with a throaty chuckle as if to mock you for succumbing to her laryngitic legerdemain. But never in the three years he and Margo had been working on the same ﬂoor did he suspect there could be a side to her like that just suggested on his Sony portable.
They worked in different departments and, apart from meetings, only saw each other in the cafeteria or waiting for an elevator. But of course that morning they managed to bump into each other twice. The ﬁrst time was in the narrow corridor connecting the ofﬁce’s various subdivisions. There was only time to offer a quick hello, but he did note, as he would not have bothered to the day before, the dark print dress she was wearing, barely open at the neck and extending well below the knee. A tall woman—she towered over most of the male account executives—she had a high nose, wide green eyes and astringent mouth. Her long hair seemed untamable whether she wore it shoulder-length or pinned up as it was today.
The second encounter was more serious. Just after coffee break he got a memo from Charlie Busenberg, the division chief, calling a meeting in his ofﬁce at eleven o’clock. The chief was a pussycat who liked to pretend he was a tiger. He fooled some of his department heads, but the secretaries all saw through him and did exactly as they pleased. Charlie hated meetings more than his staff did and was invariably late even for the ones he called himself.
“’Morning,” Margo said, laying a big coffee mug on the low round table around which these gatherings were convened. The steam from it called to mind elixirs that witches brewed to turn men into beasts. Her long ringless ﬁngers—she was a widow, he seemed to recall—seemed impervious to the heat. As she raised the heavy cup to her mouth she asked, “How’s tricks in Marketing?”
He assumed the boiler-plate expression he put on for prospective clients, the one that suggested they were both too grown-up to take any of this money-talk seriously. “Win some, lose some...”
“...some get rained out. Any idea what Boozie wants?” she said, opening a big cloth handbag that looked as if it should contain knitting—or bones. She ﬁshed out a pack of  king-size cigarettes and inserted one in the corner of her mouth.
“Not a clue.”
She exhaled absentmindedly, staring toward the large window behind the division chief ’s desk—department heads had to make do with glass cubicles. Her proﬁle had a craggy, ﬁsherman’s look. He wondered if her ancestors went down to the sea in ships and if she got that expression from standing on promontories trying to spot their returning crafts. But then he remembered what he had heard on the radio that morning and wondered if it was lust, not mackerel, she was contemplating.
“This won’t take long,” Charlie said, entering his own ofﬁce as tentatively as if it were a woman’s toilet. “Just more of the usual BS from the twenty-third ﬂoor.”
“That’s what you always say,” Margo replied, sucking hard on her ﬁlter-tip, “and we always end up having to call out for sandwiches.”
Charlie blushed, the wind already knocked out of his meager sails. He plopped down into his swivel chair, a ﬂag of white shirt hanging from his belt.
“What is it this time?” she persisted. “More sanitary napkins in the WCs?”
“Worse. Slattery has a bug up his butt about our projections for the fourth quarter.”
“I  had  a  cousin  named  Slattery.  We  called  him  the  Kerry Weasel.”
One of the other department heads mercifully asked for details about the fourth-quarter shortfall. He tried to keep one eye on his boss and the other on Margo as she crossed and re-crossed her long legs, making faces at the columns of numbers Boozie was scribbling on the whiteboard.
His own ancestors were Mediterranean. If a French or Italian woman wanted to get a man’s attention, she did so in the obvious ways. But what did he know of Celtic sensuality? The very words seemed to cancel each other out. He tried to picture her in bed with a man—say, Charlie Busenberg.
“Did I say something funny?” Charlie said, trying to look annoyed.
“Sorry.”
But Margo was grinning conspiratorially. And then she winked, a sudden expert gesture that made his ears feel hot.

After that when they met at the water cooler they exchanged more than the usual pleasantries and even occasionally stopped by each other’s cubicle. But he sensed that her interest was speculative, as if he were a zoological freak that had somehow escaped her notice. He liked small, quiet women whose shapes were less angular than hers. But the secret life she—if  it was she—had revealed to thousands of listeners over their morning cornﬂakes had done more than peak his scientiﬁc curiosity.
One afternoon when the phones unaccountably went dead, they got into a conversation about movies. A love-triangle thriller was all the rage. As he watched her chomp down on the bloody center of a jelly doughnut, it occurred to him that this might be his opportunity to solve the riddle of the Mystery Caller.
They had dinner at an Italian restaurant in Greenwich Village. The food was mediocre—tourist fare—but he usually ate there because of its proximity to a movie theater he frequented at least once a week. After a childless marriage that lasted scarcely three years, he had discovered in himself an unexpected talent for bachelorhood. He enjoyed eating out and didn’t mind not having company when he did so. He liked letting the laundry pile up for a couple weeks and was indifferent to the green stain that spread across the bottom of his bathroom wash basin. He even enjoyed sleeping alone—or at least didn’t miss sleeping with his ex-wife, who had tended to hog the bedcovers and only felt like making love on Saturday mornings. His mother worried that she would die without a grandchild, but he didn’t feel in the least troubled by that prospect.
“Is this where you take all your ‘dates’?” Margo asked when they were halfway through a bottle of Chianti. Her intonation seemed to imply that she herself was not a “date.”
“Don’t go out much,” he said, forking in some pasta prima vera. She raised a thin but heavily penciled eyebrow, calling attention to her predatory nose and high cheekbones. One corner of her mouth remained bent sardonically as she chewed vigorously on her scaloppini. But even allowing for the mischievous glint of those big green eyes, he still could not see her as the irresistible object of a man’s lust, no matter how many tricks she might know.
“Bit of a momma’s boy?”
“I’m not queer, if that’s what you mean. I just don’t feel an overwhelming need for female companionship.” 
“Never been married?”
“Brieﬂy. I wouldn’t care to repeat the experience.”
“So,” she said, resting her chin on an arch of long pink ﬁngers and regarding him as if he were a kitten in a shop window, “un mari manqué. That’s almost as bad as a spoiled priest.”
“I wouldn’t know about that.”
“I was married for a while. He died in an auto accident.” 
“I’m sorry.”
“His own bloody fault. He drove professionally.” 
“A cab driver?”
“Racing cars. His hobby. Or perhaps I should say ‘passion,’” she said, leaving out the “h” sound in the double-“s,” the same way she pronounced “issue.” 
“But it did bring in the odd quid. He fancied he could make a career of it—they all do. He pretended he was only risking his neck until we had enough put away for a thatched cottage in County Down.”
“He was Irish?” 
“Italian.”
He reconsidered her oversize bones, trying to see them as the substructure of a woman addicted to fast cars and hard-rutting men, her monastic lips habituated to God-knew what excesses of  the ﬂesh. But the image of this new, fast-living Margo seemed to make no more sense than did that of Margo-as-Sorceress, calling radio talk shows to brag about her erotic witchery at a time of day when most people were still too groggy to distinguish one sex from the other. Could she be a fraud? A pathological liar? Or was she just a lonely woman with an over-stimulated imagination?
“We’ll be late for the movie.”
The ﬁlm was a loosely connected set of scenes showing two implausibly beautiful lovers embracing on black satin sheets, in empty ballﬁelds and in the hallways of ofﬁce buildings after hours. During a sequence in which the characters were supposed to be coupling in a meat locker, he ventured a sidelong glance at Margo. Her eyes were sparkling in the reﬂected light of the images on the screen, her big nostrils widening and contracting rhythmically, drawing in oxygen like a bellows to feed the eager combustion of her lungs. Her hand lay on the armrest between them, a perfect but inanimate object that seemed oddly disconnected from the ﬁery processes occurring in the rest of the organism. He dared not touch that marbled appendage, but its white repose spoke to a vital part of him, and those hard-ﬂaring nostrils caused him to feel the beginnings of something he hadn’t experienced since he was much younger, and then only when asleep.
Finally noticing his gaze, she smiled with difﬁculty. “Steamy stuff, what?”
After the movie they seemed to retreat into the cordial but impersonal facades they wore at work. They discussed the personalities of fellow workers, gossiped about ofﬁce politics. But the moment they stepped inside his apartment they began grappling with each other’s unfamiliar anatomies, pulling off their clothes with the abandon of the criminal lovers in the ﬁlm they had just seen.
At his climax he cried out and seemed to have an out-of-body experience. Nothing in his prior love-making had prepared him for this, with the possible exception of  those pubescent dreams. Of all the things that had gone wrong with his marriage, he had never thought to include sex high up on the list. But as he lay trying to catch his breath, he felt as if until this moment he had been a virgin.
Margo did seem to experience something like an orgasm, a gradual tensing of her muscles followed by a deep sigh and general relaxation of the ﬂesh. But it hardly compared with the cataclysm he had felt. He recalled the voice who had called that talk show. Did her pleasure consist solely in conquering the wills of  reluctant males? Was she some kind of psychic rapist, herself incapable of the passion she inspired in others?
“Thinking deep thoughts, are we?” Margo said, drawing smoke expertly up into her big nostrils. He had given up smoking years ago, but the aroma recalled the forbidden cigarettes of his youth when the sin and the pleasure were so intimately connected.
“Just wondering what was in it for you.”
She turned her stony proﬁle his way, her eyes slightly crossed from the effort of focusing at such close range, though he had never seen her put on a pair of glasses even to read. She was naked except for a pastel sheet tangled around one leg. “I beg your pardon?” she said.
“It just seemed kind of  underwhelming for you, considering...”
“...that it was me who did the seducing?” 
“I didn’t say that.”
“It’s what you meant,” she said, turning abruptly away and staring hard at the ceiling.
“Well, it did happen rather...suddenly.”
The knob of her large but perfectly formed shoulder rose slightly off the pillow. “These things generally do. I’m sorry if it didn’t live up to your expectations.”
Her sea-green eyes were still slightly crossed. But the rest of her face was a study in considered deﬁance, as if she had all along been steeling herself for the worst. But in her state of undress the effect seemed less deﬁance than vulnerability, as if some fearsome denizen of the jungle had suddenly confessed to a deep insecurity about itself. Staring up at the blank plaster, she looked like a weepy cockeyed giraffe.
He kissed her moist eyelids with a reverence he hadn’t felt since his days as an altar boy.
When they made love a second time the effects of their initial coupling were reversed. The spectacle of someone revealing herself so unequivocally ﬁlled him with awe, as if she had suddenly thrown open all the rooms of her soul, the messy bedroom and cluttered attic equally with the tidy, more public areas of ordinary life. It might, he realized as they lay panting beside one another, be a once-only tour, but he found himself fervently hoping not.

It wasn’t until two months later that he worked up the nerve to satisfy his curiosity about the woman who had called the talk show.
They were putting together a salad in the tiny kitchen of his midtown apartment which they now shared. He was doing the chopping and slicing, she the more subtle work of concocting a dressing, the complete ingredients of which she would not divulge to him.
“Call a talk show? I don’t even listen to them. They sound like a bunch of cretins, don’t they. What made you think I might have?”
“I heard someone who sounded like you.”
“Like me?” She seemed shocked, insulted even. “What did she say?”
He went on slicing some cucumber and shrugged. “Something political, I think. In any case,” he said, planting a kiss on her cheek, “it doesn’t matter anymore.”
“‘Anymore’? Whatever is that supposed to mean? What was she, some kind of pinko?”
“Actually, she was right wing. Neo-fascist.”
“Jesus, Mary and Joseph!  And you thought it was me?” 
“Not really. I just noticed the accents were similar.”
“Of course, it could have been my cousin Maria. She’s two steps to the right of Mussolini.”
“Does she call talk shows?”
“Hardly,” she said, collecting the cucumber slices and other vegetables he had been massacring. “She grew up in the boonies where they scarcely know what a radio looks like. In any case,” she added, “if I did call a radio station it wouldn’t be about politics.”
“No? What would it be about?”
“Sex,” she growled, grabbing his buttock and squeezing painfully. “I’d tell them how good it is with my dago lover,” she said. “I’d tell them what a fantastic love-slave you are!” she said, nipping the tender ﬂesh of his earlobe. “Say, you’d better mind what you’re doing or we’ll be having sliced-ﬁnger salad. And we wouldn’t,” she concluded with a wink that would make him wonder for the rest of his days if she had told the truth or not, “want that. Would we.”



Still Life

I

The two sisters took turns at the cash register and the deep-fat tub while I ran orders of  chicken, shrimp and ribs around South Brooklyn. Tina was my favorite—lean, big-nosed, hyper—a young Rossellini heroine. I let her ride with me in the retired telephone truck that served as a delivery van. She talked nonstop, mostly about her father who had a second family on Luquer Street, and about Maﬁa parties he had taken her to.
South Brooklyn seemed like a foreign country—bread stores and pasticcerias on every block, more Italian spoken than English, and quattrocento faces everywhere. I painted watercolors, still lifes mostly, with an occasional landscape, which was why I was a part-time delivery boy instead of attending graduate school or serving an apprenticeship in a bank. With tips, I made enough to pay my share of the rent and have enough left over for a movie in Manhattan.
The Chicken ‘N Ribs was located between a hat shop and a billiard parlor. One of the pool-hall crowd was the alternate delivery boy. Tina and Marie made a great deal of him. Once, I walked into the back room and found him sprawled across the batter table, a girl’s hand inside each of his trouser pockets.
My day started at ten or eleven a.m. with a cup of  espresso on a balcony overlooking Governor’s Island. My roommate told me our building, by then a century old, was modeled on a design by Da Vinci. A winding exterior stairway was the only way up or down (the “balcony” was actually the extended fourth-ﬂoor landing). After breakfast I set up my easel or walked to a neighborhood park and sketched the trees and bushes. At four o’clock I reported to work. I ﬁnished up at ten. I had Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday off.
I was on my way up to the Heights with an order of shrimp and ribs. Tina was riding shotgun, her arm hanging outside the truck, her long nails tapping the roof. Some part of Tina was always in motion, a foot or ﬁnger, strong jaws working a wad of Juicy Fruit, popping it like a whip whenever she thought your attention was wandering. The trees along Clinton Street were bright chartreuse. The small park was full of teenagers and, nearer the sand box, toddlers and their parents. I had stopped for a light. Ordinarily I would have run it—the truck had no ﬁrst gear and it was a pretty steep grade—but a patrol car had just appeared in my sideview mirror. I was wondering whether I could get the old truck moving again, when a young woman and child began crossing the street. The woman was thin, dark and tall. The child was fair. Each of them had an ice cream and seemed in no more of a hurry than if they were strolling down a deserted beach. Halfway across the street the boy dropped his cone onto the warm macadam, but the woman didn’t seem to notice. The light turned green. I tapped my horn, but the woman either didn’t hear or, mistaking my intentions, ignored me. The cop sounded his siren to get things moving. The woman turned toward the patrol car. Her dark eyes grew darker. The lines of her face deepened, and for some reason I thought: This is how she’ll look in twenty years.
The boy had given up trying to pick up the fallen ice cream and was eating it off the macadam with his ﬁngers.
“Jay-son!”
She ran back into the street and grabbed the ﬂeshy part of his arm. He wailed furiously and even tried to kick her. She dragged him as far as the curb, but he dug in and refused to be moved any further. Melted ice cream and dirt covered his face and chest. I raced the engine. As the truck inched forward I heard a smack of ﬂesh meeting ﬂesh, a sound so unnerving that I let out the clutch too quickly and stalled.
Throughout all this I was aware of Tina’s critical gaze, but not until we reached Atlantic Avenue did I hear what she was saying.
“Dumb fucking guinea.”
I glanced at the sideview mirror. The blue-and-white patrol car had become a green sub-compact.
“Anybody lays a hand on my kid, I break her legs,” she added with a riﬂe shot from her mouth.
A couple days later I was in that same park, sketching a purple dolphin that was the centerpiece of the circular sandbox. Somebody had knocked off its nose, but the rest was more or less intact. There were a dozen little kids in the pit, making mud pies while their mothers and nannies chatted on nearby benches. The ﬁrst few times I turned up in the park, the women had shown some suspicion—you rarely saw a man there on weekday mornings. But my professional air soon convinced them I intended no harm. Occasionally one of them even gave me a smile.
I was shading the dolphin’s tail when that same tall dark woman entered the park, this time nursing an orange Popsicle. She glanced at the klatch of young mothers but headed for a vacant bench on the other side of the sandbox. At ﬁrst she seemed alone, but then the boy made his entrance astride a red tricycle. He looked toward the mommy-klatch, then past the sandbox to the benches where I was sitting. He seemed even paler than he did the ﬁrst time I saw him. He had no Popsicle of his own, but there was a residue of something purple around his mouth.
“Ma?”
The mothers gave him a hostile look. “Ma!”
A young woman seated a few feet from the main group pointed toward the lone bench, hidden from the street by thick shrubs, where the boy’s mother was sucking her ice. He peddled rapidly in that direction, narrowly missing a heavily diapered two-year-old.
Because we were seated at diagonal corners of that section of the park, I could go on sketching the dolphin and at the same time observe the woman and boy. She had on khaki shorts, sandals and a loose-ﬁtting T-shirt. Her thick black hair was tied back in a ponytail. Her proﬁle was awash in the morning sun, constricting it into a tight squint, while the side of her face in shadow remained placid and detached. It wasn’t a pretty face, though the big dark eyes, even from a distance of thirty feet, gave it animation. I began to sketch her.
Meanwhile, the boy began racing his tricycle around the sandbox. Afraid he might run down one of the toddlers, a member of the mommy-klatch tried to get his attention. But he didn’t even take notice of her, much less slow down. By now I had blocked in the woman’s form. I was rather pleased with the sketch, especially with the attitude of her long thin legs, which she kept tightly crossed at a perpendicular angle to each other, one sandal dangling from a big toe.
I was so engrossed that at ﬁrst I didn’t notice that the boy’s trike had come to a stop a few feet from my knees. He sat regarding me cautiously, his cheeks lightly burned as if they absorbed sunlight like a solar cell, then lost it each night, ready to begin collecting new color the next day. His eyes were big and expressive, though their interior combustion was of a different, more elusive nature than his parent’s. The popsicle smears around his mouth seemed like a clown’s makeup clumsily applied.
I returned to my sketch, feeling as if a squirrel or sparrow had lighted beside me: One sudden movement and the moment would abruptly end. He continued to inch forward, but it wasn’t until the front wheel of his tricycle was ﬂush against my leg that I realized what was holding his attention.
“Mom-my!”
A wild smile lit up his face—a pretty, girlish face. He laughed, his big eyes become suddenly and merely those of a happy child. His glee was so sudden and total, the transformation from dark introspection to bright joy so abrupt, I could only stare mutely at him. He laughed again, then backed off and applied his long legs to the trike’s pedals, causing it to skid like a dragster on the sandy concrete.
A moment later he was parked opposite his mother, pointing in my direction. “Man draw mommy!” he yelled loud enough for the whole park to hear. “He draw you!”
Ignoring him, his mother reached into the pocket of her khaki shorts and withdrew a crumpled kleenex. She moistened it on her tongue and, taking hold of the boy’s upper arm as she did when he had dropped his ice cream on the street, began rubbing his mouth vigorously. “No-oo!” he bawled like a deaf person who doesn’t know the strength of his own voice. When he tried to pull away she threatened him with her raised hand. A moment later the red tricycle sped past me again, this time without so much as a glance my way.

Two blacks, a brother and sister, owned the Chicken ‘N Ribs. The nearby Red Hook and Gowanus Houses were mostly black. Smith Street was solidly Hispanic. But the other stores along Court Street were all Italian except for Greenberg’s stationery and the ﬁve-and-dime. I enjoyed the irony of my situation, me a white boy from the Island working for blacks, especially when I was mopping the ﬂoor or cleaning the toilet after my deliveries were done for the evening.
I was also learning another irony—the cliché, but true nonetheless, that rich people are lousy tippers. I rarely got more than a quarter for a delivery to Brooklyn Heights unless it was to a whore in one of the hotels—the Bossert, the Pierrepont, the Saint George. But working people, whether they earned their living with their biceps or their genitals, were invariably generous.
A couple days after my second encounter with Jason and his mother I was waiting for some orders, hanging out by the deep-fat tub where I could sample the french fries even though no one ever seemed to change the grease they were cooked in and which, at room temperature, became a black solid. Marie was behind the register. Tina was battering chicken in the back and, in the tiny ofﬁce at the rear of the store Cynthia, the store’s co-owner and by day a bank teller, was watching the evening news and eating a salad. She rarely emerged from the ofﬁce once she had checked the afternoon receipts against the cash in the register.
Marie was the elder of the two sisters and looked it—full-breasted, with premature lines around her eyes and mouth. She claimed to be engaged, but she wore no ring and had no steady boyfriend as far as I could see. When the food was ready I stopped by the register as usual to pick up the order forms from a spindle on the counter. Marie had opened the register drawer and was occupied, I thought, counting money. But then I saw her grab a ﬁstful of ones and stuff them under her apron.
“Everybody does it,” she said defensively. “You don’t think I’d work here for the peanuts they pay me?” she added with a nod toward the rear of the store.
She took copies of the orders I had just removed from the spindle, new orders that had been called in after Cynthia had arrived, and ripped them up.
Tina was still occupied in the batter room, so I set off to make the deliveries on my own.
The ﬁrst stop was a Puerto Rican tenement on Wycoff Street. I got a big tip. Heading down Atlantic Avenue, I caught glimpses of the sun going down behind the bay. An orange ferry was starting out for Staten Island. A three-masted sailboat was heading up the East River, the waves around her bow sparkling gold. In a few hours I would be done for the day and not have to report back to work for forty hours. I decided I would blow my tips on another movie in Manhattan, even though I had just seen a Japanese ﬁlm at the Thalia.
I turned down Henry Street, keeping an eye out for the address on the order beside me. At Congress Street I caught a glimpse of the park where I had attempted to sketch that purple dolphin. Half a block further along I spotted the house number I wanted and squeezed the truck into a space opposite a hydrant—there was no way to double-park on the narrow one-way street.
The house was a brownstone, one of the smaller, more proletarian models. The customer lived in the basement apartment. I rang the bell next to the black iron gate inside the areaway. There was no response. I peeked through the basement window, but even though the shade was up and the curtains parted, there didn’t seem to be any sign of life. I rang again.
“Answer the bell!”
A moment later the inside door swung inward and the same fair, moon-face boy I had seen in the park appeared behind the iron gate. In the dim light his pale hair and skin made him look like one of those children who are raised in cellars and whose own coloring becomes lighter and lighter, the darker their environment.
For a moment we just stared at each other. Then his eyes, already large orbs of  blue, widened and he took a step back ward. “Ma!” he yelled, never taking his eyes off me, his face a sunrise of emotion. “Ma!”
He began to dance about, one hand clutching the crotch of his shorts. By the time his mother arrived, this time in a yellow duster, his glee was clearly marred by the agony of a full bladder.
“Don’t you dare!”
It was only then that she turned her attention my way. “How much do I owe you?”
She counted out the exact amount from a paisley change purse and handed the money through the gate. Then, as if  as an afterthought, she opened the purse again, took out two quarters and passed them through.
“He drawed you!” the boy bawled. 
“Go inside and make number one!”
The boy backed off, half-disappearing behind her duster, his high brow creased from the effort of not wetting his pants. But the rest of his face was radiant. “Man drawed you!”
Her hand ﬂicked at the space where his cheek had just been, but he had already ﬂed into the dark house.
I extended the bag of chicken and shrimp toward the locked gate. Smiling—her grin was identical to her son’s—her face lost all of its maternal gravity. “Thanks,” she said. “Thanks very much.”
I began going to the park more often. I still brought my sketchpad and worked assiduously at drawing every object in sight. But on the mornings the woman turned up I gave most of my attention to her. Nothing about her manner indicated that she wanted to engage me in conversation. The couple times I dared greet her she reacted as if she had never seen me before. But I badly needed a friend, someone with whom I could share my ideas about art and ﬁlm. So I made one up— not a callow, baby-fat coed but a full-grown woman. I called her Eve. In my mind’s eye, her big eyes sparkled and darted about the converted carriage houses bordering the park as we recalled our favorite Modigliani or a scene from a Renoir or DeSica ﬁlm. All the enthusiasms I had kept bottled up because I had no one with whom to share them found an outlet in her, not just when I was in the presence of the real woman but even when I was making deliveries or just sitting on my roommate’s balcony watching the sun set behind Bayonne. I stored up topics to talk about and anticipated our accidental-on-purpose meetings in the park like a kid looking forward to a trip to the circus.
Then three mornings in a row she didn’t appear. I had a go at the purple dolphin again, but it was no use. Even though our conversations had only taken place inside my head, the absence of the real woman somehow put an end to them. Finally I could no longer go through the pretense of sketching. I left the park, but instead of heading directly back to my room I crossed the Gowanus Expressway and walked to another park near the docks that was better suited to a boy Jason’s age.
They weren’t there either. The swings and monkey bars were empty. A lone, aged park attendant was sweeping broken glass out of the dry wading pool. As I walked back to my room I felt enormously foolish. I had not only created an imaginary friend like some deprived two-year-old; I had convinced myself that the real Eve understood what I was doing and was somehow reciprocating. When I reached the fourth ﬂoor landing I ripped all the drawings out of my sketchbook, tore them into little pieces and let them fall onto the highway below.

At the Chicken ‘N Ribs, Cynthia was on the warpath. It wasn’t clear if she suspected Marie’s lightﬁngeredness at the cash register or was just taking out her personal frustrations on the hired help. She complained about my idleness on slow nights and found odd jobs for me to do. She put a stop to Tina’s going on deliveries with me, even when the girl was off-duty. She also started paying visits to the front of the store to break up confabs between Tina or Marie and the boys from the pool hall. The girls never gave her any back talk, but after she returned to her ofﬁce they whispered “fucking nigger,” and “black bitch.”
Meanwhile there was no sign of Eve. Whenever I crossed Henry Street I took a long look toward her house but never spotted her or Jason. It was as if they had never existed.
I started going to movies more often. I couldn’t afford it, but the long mornings and afternoons, even on days I did not have off, seemed never to end. I had no desire anymore to paint.
Tina noticed the change in my mood. “Your girlfriend giving you a hard time?”
“What girlfriend? You’re the only woman in my life.”
“Very funny.” She snapped her gum and dropped a basket of french fries into the sizzling deep-fat tub. “Frankie says you’re a fruit.”
“Is that right? Well, Frankie ought to know.”
Frankie was all muscle and had a dozen friends in the pool hall. But Tina was laughing as if I had made a great joke. Until then I had never seen her show any thing more than a cynical grin.
“What’s so funny?”
She shook her head, checked the french fries, then popped her gum mercilessly. “You are, smuk. You are.”
By the end of the week I began to think maybe Eve had fallen ill or been injured. She might even be lying helpless in that dark apartment, no one but Jason to look after her. The thought improved my spirits considerably. Friday evening I spotted an order for Henry Street on the spindle by the cash register. Tina was on duty. I didn’t know if she shared her sister’s attitude toward the store’s cash ﬂow, so I picked off the order and began ﬁlling it myself.
“A friend of yours?” she asked as I dumped a double batch of shrimp into the fries basket.
“Sort of.”
“She sounds weird.” 
“Is that so?”
“Foreign. Or maybe retarded. If I was you I’d watch my self. You could get a disease or something.”
“You got a bag for these shrimp?”
“Under the counter,” although she could easily have gotten it for me. She didn’t even bother to snap her gum until I was on my way out of the store.
Summer heat was settling in. The leaves of the tall sycamores along Clinton Street had darkened. I had stripped down to shorts and a T-shirt, but the inside of the telephone truck was still uncomfortably warm. I parked in the same spot opposite the hydrant near Eve’s house and rang the bell. There was the same strident yell for Jason to answer it. This time there was no radiant surprise, just the suppressed grin of a child who had been warned against anything like his previous outburst. He unlocked the iron gate, then quickly disappeared inside the house.
I stepped into the dark outer vestibule and peered into an even darker corridor leading to a ﬂight of barely visible stairs, then continued toward the back of the house, itself visible only because evening sunlight was striking it. 
“In here.”
I saw a doorway just a few feet down the corridor. I stepped toward it, past an assortment of boxes, garden tools and Jason’s purple trike, looking like a surreal acrylic in the corridor’s dim light.
“In the...living room.”
Jason was seated in front of the ﬂickering light of a television, his nose just inches from the big screen. A dark rug, largely obscured by half a foot of litter, stretched from the TV to a heavy sofa pushed ﬂush against the opposite wall. On it lay Eve in her yellow duster. Once maroon, the sofa had faded to a purplish-pink with stufﬁng poking through in places that a dirty pink blanket failed to conceal. Her head was propped up on a sunken, bare pillow itself supported by a broken armrest. Her dark hair looked stringy and unwashed. A raw, unpleasant odor saturated the room.
“You’ll have to excuse the mess,” she said, waving her thin arm at the rubble around her.
I stood holding the bag of hot shrimp and chicken, its greasy odor mixing with the room’s own, acrid stench. There was a long, low coffee table in front of the sofa, but it was piled high with dirty paper plates, dinnerware, TV Guides and two rolls of toilet paper.
“Put it down anywhere,” she said. Then she called to Jason to bring her pocketbook. But he was mesmerized by the TV, which was showing a “Lucy” rerun.
“Jason!”
He squirmed as if he felt her voice like a bad itch but never turned his head from the screen.
“Would you mind?” she asked, nodding toward the foot of the sofa. There on the rug, half-buried by an oversize stuffed rabbit that had lost one ear and most of its yellow fur, lay a leather handbag. I retrieved it, surprised by its weight and quality.
She raised herself onto one elbow so she could root through the bag’s contents. Her thin hands were covered with orange blotches, though the rest of  her—face, forearms and calves—seemed unmarked.
She came up with that same paisley change purse and removed a clump of bills that she had to ﬂatten out to determine their denominations, her ﬁngers looking very raw in the ﬂickering blue light. She counted out the exact amount, using up all but a few small coins.
“I seem to be temporarily out of funds,” she said with a giggle, dropping the still-open bag onto the ﬂoor beside her. “Can I offer you a beer or something?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“You’re welcome to help yourself to a Heineken,” she said, getting comfortable again on the sofa. “We operate on a very informal basis.” 
I tried to smile. I should have been getting on with my deliveries.
“You can sit down if you like.”
There were no chairs in the room. Even Jason had to squat on his haunches. She drew her feet up so that the far end of the sofa was vacant except for a clump of dirty clothes. I picked my way around the coffee table and sank deep into the sprung cushion. She reached for the bag I had brought and took out the box of chicken.
“Jason?”
No response. 
“Jason!”
He stood up slowly, his face still turned toward the television, and began taking small backsteps toward the sofa. When his leg struck a corner of the coffee table he winced, but the pain did not distract him from the TV.
“Here,” she said, holding out a drumstick.
He reached behind his back, his hand still a yard away from the chicken.
“Here!”
That made him jump and even glance backward long enough to get his bearings. His pale hand connected with the drumstick and he began a slow retreat toward the TV, the chicken leg moving robotically toward his mouth.
“Want one?” his mother said, picking out a shrimp from the double order I had packed.
“Thanks, I ate a little while ago.” I hadn’t, but neither did I have an appetite.
She ate some more shrimp, licked her ﬁngers clean, then said, “You live in the neighborhood?”
“Over on Hicks Street. With a friend—a roommate.”
She searched through the bucket as if expecting to ﬁnd something besides food in it, then put the lid back on. Jason was scarcely halfway through his drumstick, but she didn’t seem concerned about his appetite. I was again thinking it was time I got on my way—the delivery truck was again parked at a hydrant—when my eye fell on a picture on the wall opposite the sofa. It was a charcoal nude done in typical art-school style, arms behind the head, legs drawn up so the knees obscured the pubic area. Everything was in the right proportion, all the shadings and perspectives were correct. Only, it was not a work of art but an exercise, something for novices to learn from. What gave it distinction was that the model seemed to be the woman on the sofa beside me, her bare feet almost touching my thighs.
“Do you exhibit?” she asked. 
“Not since college.”
She asked what school I had attended, and I told her. “Are you an artist?” I asked.
“Me?” Her mouth opened as if I had made a joke. “No way.”
I heard a moaning sound like that of an injured animal. When I realized it was coming from Jason, I thought he was just reacting to something on the television. But his mother suddenly raised herself to a sitting position.
“Jason!”
He moaned louder, his face still turned toward the TV.
“God damn you!” she cried, jumping to her feet. She stumbled through the litter and latched onto the ﬂeshy part of his arm.
“Nooo!” he wailed, grabbing the backside of his shorts as she began to drag him through the clutter of toys, dirty clothes and used paper plates.
“What did I tell you?” she scolded as his legs swept a wide wake through the litter. “What did I tell you?”

II

My roommate worked part-time as organist for Our Lady Star of the Sea. He also composed liturgical music—oratorios, masses, even a Jewish sabbath service. He was a local boy, so we always had the best breads and pastries, the freshest ricotta and mozzarella. But his social life was based in Manhattan and revolved around other organists and choirmasters. Sometimes they made the trip out to Brooklyn for a party or to rehearse one of Anthony’s compositions.
They were a garrulous and quick-witted bunch. Once I got over my initial homophobia I came to look forward to those get-togethers, though it meant my not getting to sleep until two or three in the morning.
“I’ll bet you never counted on rooming with a crazy faggot.” Actually, I didn’t even realize Anthony was homosexual until after I moved in with him. In college I was so preoccupied with Art that I wouldn’t have noticed if someone had two heads, never mind his sexual preference.
“Wait till you meet Carl Oritani. And Bobby Fishman!” he added with a big laugh. Anthony was tall—I stood ﬁve-eleven in my bare feet, and he towered over me. He shaved every morning before leaving for work but by noon had a ﬁve o’clock shadow and, if he had a social or professional engagement in the evening, had to shave a second time. When we were alone together he never seemed effeminate. But at his parties his speech and gestures became exaggerated and he and his guests seemed to vie with each other to see who could behave the most outrageously.
I hadn’t mentioned Eve to Anthony, and he never brought up the subject of my love life. He seemed to regard the subject of women as indelicate and looked embarrassed the couple times I spoke about females who interested me.
But Tina and Marie were another matter. They were local girls, might have been cousins or sisters. He loved to hear the latest gossip about them and the Chicken ‘N Ribs. He was amused by the idea of blacks owning a store in his old neighborhood. When I told him about the shenanigans between the girls and the other delivery boy, his eyebrows went up. But when I mentioned Marie’s thieving I struck paydirt.
“Typical wop attitude,” he said, sipping Bustelo, the only coffee he would drink. “They think they’re levying a kind of value-added tax on their employers. If you suggested to them that they might actually be stealing and committing a crime, they would tell you you’re crazy.”
“You don’t think she does it because the owners are black?” 
“Well,” he said, his eyes half closing, “I’m sure that detail doesn’t inhibit her. But she would steal from her own grandmother under the same circumstances.”
He showed contempt for his fellow Italian Americans in other ways too. When one of his guests remarked that, walking from the subway to Anthony’s apartment, he hadn’t heard a word of English spoken, his host replied, “And you won’t hear any Italian either,” meaning that the residents of that neighborhood were all Neapolitan or Sicilian.
But he was his most devilish when at the church organ, inserting phrases from the Beatles’ “Yesterday” into the communion recessional or planting twelve-tone sonorities in the choir’s responses at high mass. He had already lost one church job when someone ﬁnally convinced the half-witted pastor that Anthony was playing “Homage to the Devil” at a May procession.
“Transubstantiation	is	the	Emperor’s	New	Clothes	of Catholicism,” he would announce off  the top of  his head in the middle of one of his all-night bashes—or something equally as quotable—and then stand, his head cocked to one side as if marveling that he had said such a thing. For, despite his contempt for the diocesan clergy, he was a sincere Catholic. He could ridicule the pope’s latest bull on birth control or premarital sex, and the next minute recount some young clergyman’s rantings about hellﬁre and remark with tears in his eyes, “I don’t believe that’s how Our Lord would talk if He were among us now.”
I began avoiding the park. I also stayed off Eve’s block. Instead, I sketched from our fourth ﬂoor landing and reworked some watercolors I had painted a couple years earlier. There was obviously something bizarre, if not downright nutty, about the woman. Some of the girls I had gone out with were ﬂaky, but I had never experienced anything like that basement apartment. I could smell its vile odor every time I thought about it.
But if I didn’t miss the real woman I did feel a vacuum that the imaginary one used to ﬁll. I longed for our conversations about art and life that used to occupy so much of my waking, and even unconscious, hours. I wanted back that imaginary Eve and was angry with the real one for taking her from me.
Tina, who never missed a trick, saw something was wrong. “Girlfriend busting your balls?”
This time I didn’t reply with my usual wisecrack. “Must be serious,” she said, tapping the roof of the old telephone van as we waited for a light at Second Place. Cynthia still didn’t approve of anyone riding with me, but I couldn’t see what harm was done.
“Know what you need?” she said, popping her gum so loudly that a man crossing in front of the truck looked around in alarm. “A wife.”
“Is that so?”
“A nice Italian girl.”
“Do you have anyone in particular in mind?
“I might,” she replied, pretending an interest in a store’s liquor display as I eased away from the light.
“I’m not the marrying type.”
“You’d be surprised. The right woman could straighten you out.”
“Is that what I need—straightening out?”
But instead of joining in the fun she turned bright red and stared hard at the road ahead. She even forgot to pop her gum. She didn’t say anything until after I had completed the next delivery. “You’re a smuk, you know that?” she greeted me then as I climbed back into the cab. Her jaws were working overtime, sounding an angry shot on every ﬁfth chew. I started up the truck, but before putting it into gear I glanced at her stern, classic proﬁle. I wondered if this was how her father looked before he rubbed someone out. “A real smuk.”
Friday night there was another order for Eve on the spindle beside the cash register. Marie didn’t say anything as she handed me the bag, but I could tell from its weight that she had made a double order without adding anything to the bill.
It was a full week since I last saw Eve, and I had been half-praying she would never order anything from Chicken ‘N Ribs again. But I was also afraid she wouldn’t.
This time she was waiting on the stoop in khaki shorts and a clean tank-top which showed off her small but nicely formed breasts. Her hair seemed lighter than when I last saw her, but it wasn’t until I got up close that I realized she had merely given it a good washing.
“Too nice an evening to spend indoors,” she said. “Want a beer?”
I said okay, and she made a place for me to sit down beside her.
“Where’s Jason?”
“At his usual post in front of the TV. Want some shrimp?” 
“Thanks,” I said, taking a swig of beer before reaching for the open box that she had put on the step between us.
“You don’t work in the park anymore?” she asked, squinting at something across the street.
“I’ve been mostly working at home.” She nodded distractedly.
“What about Jason?” I asked. “Won’t he want his chicken?”  
“He’ll come out when he gets hungry.”
I took another sip of beer and checked to see if the delivery truck was alright.
“You’re not, like, avoiding us or anything?”
“No,” I said. “Of course not. Why would I do that?”
She considered my answer for a couple seconds, then shrugged and reached for her own can of beer.
A man exited the building’s main door above us. He was balding and overweight but was wearing tight jeans and a designer T-shirt. For a moment he stood at the top of the stoop, looking up and down the block as if expecting to ﬁnd someone waiting or perhaps to locate his parked car. But then his high brow furrowed and his mouth puckered in disapproval and he started down the steps, almost stepping on us.
“Excuse us!” Eve said.
“Who was that?” I asked after the man had headed up Henry Street. “My landlord. Charming, isn’t he.”
Her eyes had become less lustrous—an effect anger had on them. But her hair had a wonderful sheen, and her neck—how had I missed it before?--was long and graceful. For the ﬁrst time I considered what it might be like to hold her lean body against my own and put my lips to her warm skin.
“You want any more shrimp?” 
“Thanks, I get my ﬁll at the store.” 
“You work full-time?”
“Four days a week.”
“What do you do the rest of the time—besides sketching and painting?”
“Read,” I said, feeling awkward talking about a personal life that scarcely existed. “Listen to music, go to movies.”
“You a movie freak?”
“Sort of. I’m into foreign ﬁlms.”
We exchanged the names and favorite scenes of vintage French and Italian ﬁlms. After that it was clear sailing.
She was twenty-three and divorced. She had Jason when she was nineteen. Both her parents died in a car crash when she was twelve. She was raised by a married aunt in Canarsie, now in a nursing home. She had no brothers or sisters.
My own life—I was twenty-three—seemed pallid by comparison. When I was just starting to fool around with girls, Eve was already a mother. I was a college sophomore when her divorce came through.
“I opened up a bottle of champagne and drank the whole thing myself. I had a headache for a week.”
She was a ﬁlm major at NYU when she got pregnant.
“‘Why didn’t you get an abortion?’ you ask.” She looked across the street at a plate-glass storefront catching a last orange ﬂash of sunlight, seemed to wait for an answer to occur, then shrugged her smooth round shoulders. “Stupidity,” she said ﬁnally. “Youth.” Her mouth wrinkled sardonically. “‘Love.’”
I began going to the park again. But now instead of sitting by myself I spent the mornings with Eve. Sometimes I sketched, sometimes we talked about art and movies while Jason raced his bicycle around the sandbox. The mommy-klatch didn’t like us, but Eve provided a shield behind which I felt secure. The mornings when Eve didn’t show up I found someplace else to go, usually down to the water or to the promenade in Brooklyn Heights overlooking the harbor.
Toward the end of the week I asked Eve if she would like to see a movie with me in Manhattan.
“You want to take me out?” 
“Sure,” I said. “Why not?”
Jason’s big innocent grin lit up her face. “It’s been so long since anyone asked us out. I assume,” she quickly added, “you don’t mind if Jason comes along. There’s nobody I could ask to sit with him.”
“Sure,” I said, trying to look as if that was in fact what I did mean. “We’ll catch an early show.”
I picked a revival of  old Truffaut ﬁlms showing on Bleecker Street. We could walk around the Village and maybe get a bite to eat as well.
Eve answered the door in a short skirt, her hair pulled back in a ponytail. She had put on heavy eye shadow and penciled her eyebrows into perfect black crescents like a femme fatale out of a ﬂick from the Twenties.
“Do I look funny?” 
“You look great.”
“I probably overdid it with the makeup.”
I had to reassure her several times—as well as remind her we were running late—before she ﬁnally agreed to leave. Jason tagged along in a clean pair of shorts and a yellow shirt.
On the subway I caught several men stealing looks at Eve’s legs, but she didn’t seem to notice.
When we came out on the street she gaped at the street vendors, sidewalk artists and weekend throng like someone who had just landed from a foreign country.
“Do you come into Manhattan often?” I asked as I steered her across Sixth Avenue, holding onto Jason with my free hand. 
“Not for a long time.”
“A long time!” Jason echoed, catching her excitement.
“Of course, I used to come here every day when I went to NYU. But that all seems like it happened in another life.”
I had already seen the ﬁrst Truffaut ﬁlm but didn’t recall it well enough to anticipate every scene or line of dialogue. At one point the hero, a young recruit in the French army, was being lectured by his NCO about the detection of land mines. The sergeant compared the operation with a date. “Ah ha! What have we here?” the subtitles read. “Something hard?” I glanced at Eve; she was giggling like a schoolgirl.
Jason was watching the movie as avidly as if it were a cartoon or an episode of “Star Trek.” At one point Eve and I laughed out loud and, not wanting to be left out of the fun, he bellowed, “Ha, ha, ha!” But his mother threatened him with some inaudible punishment and after that there were no more forced guffaws.
The second ﬁlm was about a boy who had grown up in a forest without any human contact. It was based on an actual nineteenth-century case history. Predictably, he resisted the efforts of the people who were trying to civilize him. There were violent outbursts, temper tantrums. Halfway through the ﬁlm I heard Eve remark to no one in particular, “I don’t see anything unusual about that child.”
We ate at McDonald’s—Jason’s choice. He had, after all, been remarkably good. He nibbled at a hamburger and picked over a few french fries while his mother and I discussed the ﬁlms we had just seen. Every now and then he grinned to himself about something, or frowned and moved his lips as if playing out scenes in his imagination. Sure enough, when we got back to Brooklyn he threw himself onto the suddenly litter-free carpet and began kicking his legs furiously. And, true to her earlier comment in the theater, Eve didn’t consider his behavior worthy of comment.
When I returned to my room I took out my sketchbook. I had no particular idea in mind and was a little surprised when the ﬁgures I created began to take shape as prehistorics, a savage she-beast and her wild progeny. I drew them crouched in front of a bone-littered cave, eyes alert and ready for attack, hair matted, naked bodies crusted with dirt and dead leaves. When I ﬁnished I pinned the sketch to the wall over my bed.
Anthony noticed my light when he got home.
“Something new?” he asked, glancing at the sketch. “Not your date, I hope.” He stepped closer for a better look. “She might try using a different rinse, don’t you think? Still, she does have a certain...feral appeal.”

III

After that I could scarcely leave the house, no matter what my errand or route, without running into Eve. Usually I found her on Henry Street, our nearest common thoroughfare, but we also met on Atlantic Avenue near the Middle Eastern stores I liked to shop, at the Key Food on Montague Street or on the nearby promenade.
Each time, even if it was in the park before noon, we pretended that our meeting was by coincidence. We laughed at the frequency with which coincidence seemed to visit us, but I soon came to believe that something other than happenstance was causing our paths to cross, and I liked to think Eve thought so as well. Jason was less enthusiastic, since our not-so-chance encounters meant for him anything from a few minutes to half an hour dawdling at the curbside.
Soon I was walking past her house in hopes of ﬁnding her out on the stoop. As often as not she was, having decided to come outside just a few minutes before I showed up. If I hung around long enough she invited me in for some warmed-over shrimp or chicken (her refrigerator contained a quart of milk, a half-loaf of whole wheat bread which never got any smaller and was never replaced, and a jar of peanut butter—Jason’s staple food). If I stayed late enough the boy fell asleep, usually halfway through the Johnny Carson Show. One night we ﬁnally made love, though it took a couple shots of Anthony’s scotch to give me courage. I thought I had botched it— there wasn’t much room to maneuver on that sprung sofa. But when I returned home at two a.m. the phone rang. “I don’t know about you,” she said, “but I feel super.” 
Both Tina and Marie noted the change in me. Tina stopped asking to ride in the truck and spent most of her time talking on Cynthia’s private line. But Marie packed an order of food every night unasked to take to my “girlfriend.” Eve appreciated the extra food but, more importantly, seemed glad to see me and was no more inclined to hide her delight than would her son. We talked or, when we could wrest it from Jason, watched television until he fell asleep and we could make love. Then we talked some more until three or four a.m., when I would head home. She never asked me to stay overnight, and I didn’t want to. I cherished the walk back to Anthony’s apartment on the deserted streets, a cool sea breeze blowing in my face, the fragrance of Eve’s body fresh in my nostrils.
I was so happy I scarcely noticed that things were turning ugly at the Chicken ‘N Ribs. More than once I had found “NIGARS GO HOME” scrawled in the dust of the delivery truck. Then one afternoon when I arrived for work I found the entire truck spray-painted with racial epithets.
“When did that happen?” I asked Tina, who was popping her gum at the cash register as she read an account of a family dismemberment in the Post.
She shrugged her elegant shoulders without looking up from the newspaper. “So, who axt them to open a store in an Italian neighborhood? Everybody knows guineas can’t stand niggers.”
There were other bad signs. One night on my way home from Eve’s I was almost run down by a truck speeding down Henry Street. By the time I jumped to safety the vehicle was half a block away. But there was no mistaking it for anything other than the retired telephone van in which I made my deliveries. When not in ofﬁcial use it was supposed to be parked outside the other delivery boy’s house a few blocks from the store. Only he and Cynthia had keys to the ignition.
I didn’t say anything to Cynthia about seeing the truck. She had not been acting very friendly toward me, and the idea of laboring for black people had begun to lose its novelty once I found that the color of my employer’s skin had little to do with how they treated the help. Only the hotel whores and dock-workers’ families remained generous and friendly. I lived for my evenings with Eve. For the ﬁrst time in my life I felt like a grownup. A woman like her, I ﬁgured, someone who had been knocked around by life and knew its value, wouldn’t have bothered to pay me any attention if I wasn’t worthy of it. I stopped doing landscapes and put all my efforts into sketching and painting Eve. My ambition was to capture her in watercolor—not the posed, lifeless ﬁgure hanging on her living room wall but the essential funky woman I made love to each night with ever-increasing passion. I thought that once I had turned her into art she would be mine forever, no matter how our  love affair turned out.
Friday afternoon the delivery van refused to start. Cynthia’s brother had been working on it all day, but someone had ripped out the wiring around the engine block and there was little chance of ﬁxing it before closing time. Cynthia told me to go home.
I decided to surprise Eve and take her out for dinner in the Heights. But there was no answer when I rang her bell. Neither was she in the nearby park.
I headed up to the Heights, thinking I might ﬁnd her on the promenade. Montague Street was full of strollers sampling Haagen Daz and Fruzen Gladje, pensioners with dogs, young couples with toddlers. I bought a double dip of cherry vanilla and slowly walked the length of  the promenade, carefully checking the nearby playground for Eve and Jason. On the way back to Anthony’s apartment I walked past her apartment once more, but there was no sign of her.
As I climbed the winding exterior stairway of Anthony’s building, I saw the sun suspended above Bayonne like a scarlet beachball, turning the bay to ﬁre. It was a picture that had already painted itself. When I reached the fourth ﬂoor landing I heard voices raised in argument, but not until I reached the door of our apartment did I recognize one of  them as Anthony’s. The other was unfamiliar, though the accent was deﬁnitely local. “How do you think he paid off two houses on a longshoreman’s pay?” it demanded. “You think a working stiff made that kind of money on the dock twenty, thirty years ago?”
“Maybe his brother helped him,” Anthony replied. “Or one of Ma’s relations.”
The other man laughed contemptuously. “His brother, my ass. His brother never gave him shit. And the same goes for Ma’s people. They hated his guts forty years ago and they still hate his guts. Half of them didn’t even show up for Joseph’s funeral. No way they give Pop a plug nickel. Any thing he got, he earned. Maybe you don’t like the way he earned it, but it was all his, nobody else.”
“I still don’t believe you. Pop is too...gentle for that kind of stuff.”
“Too gentle for what? Making a little book? Taking a few phone calls? Did I say anything about rough stuff ? He may not have been big-time, Sonny, but the man was respected. And the name Carlucci was respected. And now it’s being dragged through the mud by you and your queer friends.”
“Take your hands off me.”
“Nobody, including you, is gonna bring dishonor on Frank
Carlucci’s name.”
“I said take your hands off me.”
“I’m telling you once more, Anthony. And then I’m not telling you no more: Get out of  Brooklyn. You wanna hang around with homos, do it in New York. Pop’s an old man. He don’t need to see his son carrying on with his pansy friends in the old neighborhood.”
“Is that what you’re concerned about? Pop’s feelings? Or is it your buddies at the poolhall? Or, God forbid, your own masculinity?”
“I’m warning you, Sonny.”
There was the sound of ﬂesh abruptly meeting ﬂesh, and then the sound of footsteps—steel taps—approaching the stairwell. The door opened and a large middle-age man appeared. I searched for a family resemblance but had to settle for a coincidence of hairline. I stepped aside to let him pass, his hands plunged deep into the pockets of his shiny blue suit.
Anthony stood in the open doorway with a look of amazement on his face, one side of which looked as if a hot iron had just been applied to it.
“A real charmer,” he said, apparently not surprised to see me standing there.
“Your brother?”
“I’m afraid so. Though I like to think at least one of  us is a changeling. Would you believe he just threatened me with a gun? If I didn’t know better I’d swear the man was tripping.”
We went inside the apartment, and he told me his brother did odd jobs for local gangsters—numbers-running, bookmaking, a little light violence like roughing up a bad debtor or throwing a garbage can through a store window. The rest of the time he hung out at the pool hall, the same one that abutted the Chicken ‘N Ribs, with other “torpedoes.”
“Sally can’t help it,” Anthony said, starting a salad in a big polystyrene bowl. If it weren’t for the hand mark on his cheek I could have believed that I had only imagined what I had just heard and seen. “A throwback. He should have lived in the twenties or thirties when people like him made some sense. It’s a clear case of a vocation gone awry.”
“Did he really threaten you with a gun?”
Anthony regarded me as if he had forgotten that detail, then laughed nervously. “Yes, he did, didn’t he. Not a very fraternal gesture. Still, if I know Sally he probably doesn’t know how to use it. That man could fuck up a wet dream.”
Later I stopped by Eve’s again and this time found her at home. She said she had been up in the Heights earlier. That much made sense, given the way we attracted each other as if by gravitational force. But she was unspeciﬁc about where she had been. I did not press her, although my imagination suggested unpleasant possibilities—one of those rich bastards who only tipped in small change, for instance.
“My God, you’ll have to move!” she said when, with an attempt to make it sound funny, I told her about Sal Carlucci. “He might kill you too.”
“Why would he want to kill me?”
“Because he probably thinks you’re one of his brother’s homosexual friends.”
For a moment I was less disturbed by the idea of Sal’s pointing a gun my way than I was by the suggestion that I could be taken for a homosexual.
“I mean, you live with Anthony, don’t you?” 
“But not because he’s gay.”
“Do you really think Anthony’s brother believes that? Your life is as much in danger as Anthony’s. You’re crazy to go on living there.”
“Where else can I live? You know what I make at Chicken ‘N Ribs.”
She raised her arms behind her head in the attitude of the nude hanging on her wall. The host of the late-night talk show was doing his opening monologue. Jason was sprawled in the rubble in front of the TV, trying to keep his eyes open.
“I’d invite you to move in here, but...” She left the sentence unﬁnished, rolling her eyes around the room.
“People don’t go around threatening their brother’s life,” I said to change the subject; I had no desire to change my living arrangements. “It’s crazy.”
“You don’t know these people. They live by their own warped code. Anthony may seem like he’s different, but deep down he’s still one of them.”
“What do you know about it?” I replied angrily. “You scarcely leave the house from one day to the next.”
We didn’t make love that night. I left early, even before Jason fell asleep. His eyes opened wide when he saw me get up to go. I squeezed his arm and told him I’d see him in the park. More asleep than awake, he cried, “You drawed my mommy!”

IV

Of course, I could no more stay away from Eve than I could stop breathing. Even one day without making love to her left me disoriented and miserable. The next night we went at it like two cats, barely waiting until Jason had fallen a sleep.
“Why are you ﬁghting it?” she asked afterward. “Why don’t you just let it happen?”
“Isn’t that what we just did?”
“Not just that part of it. I mean us. I could do so much more for you if you’d just give me the chance.”
But my freedom meant everything to me—more, I thought, than any woman, although I dreaded the prospect of having to choose between Eve and my independence. But she didn’t press the point, and after we made love again she fell asleep, leaving me free to enjoy the salty breeze off the bay and the dark deserted streets that seemed my private preserve at that hour of the night.
When I arrived at work the next afternoon I found Cynthia and Marie squaring off in front of the deep-fat tub, their necks arched like battling swans. Cynthia towered over Marie—she stood almost as tall as myself—but Marie was giving as good as she got.
“You’ve got your nerve, girl. I hire you and pay you a decent wage. And for thanks you rob me blind?”
“A decent wage? I couldn’t buy a decent pair of shoes with what I make in this rat trap.”
“Well, suppose you just go and see if you can do better someplace else,” Cynthia said, her big hands on her hips. “And don’t bother asking for a recommendation, because I don’t give references for no thief !”
Marie had already been unfastening her apron, her cheeks red with anger and shame. An audience from the pool hall had gathered outside, but Cynthia paid them no more mind than if they were fruit ﬂies. Marie pulled the long white apron off her shoulders and threw it on the ﬂoor at Cynthia’s feet.
“When do I get paid?”
“Paid? Did I hear you say ‘paid’? Miss, you’re lucky I don’t call the cops!”
Marie was crying now. Even though I knew her to be guilty from my own eyes, I felt sorry for her. Cynthia followed her to the door.
“You want to buy something?” she said to the boys from the pool hall. “If not, then clear the sidewalk. The show’s over.” There was some grumbling, but not one of them chose to take Cynthia on. She watched them disperse, then turned to ward me. “You’re ten minutes late.”
The Chicken ‘N Ribs wasn’t the same after that. Tina still went on working there, but it was as if she held me partly responsible for what happened to her sister. To make matters worse, Cynthia seemed to think I was in league with the two sisters and rarely spoke to me unless it was to give an order. The other delivery boy seemed to be the only one in her good graces. He still dropped by on his day off and spent half  an hour talking with Cynthia in her back ofﬁce. I never said any thing to Cynthia about that two a.m. joyride I had witnessed on my way home from Eve’s. And when, right after Marie’s ﬁring, the vandalizing of the van actually stopped, I decided maybe I had been mistaken.
“Five’ll get you ten that Tina’s only hanging around so she can ﬁnish off the job her sister started,” Anthony told me over a cold macaroni salad he had prepared for our lunch. “They won’t be happy until they put the darkies out of business.”
“But that’s stupid. That’s where their jobs are—where Tina’s still is, at least.”
“Whoever said anything about their not being stupid? You’ve been in this neighborhood long enough to see what the people are like. You’ve had a look at my charming brother. Do you see any difference between him and the monkeys in the Prospect Park Zoo?”
“He’s still your brother,” I said, sampling a green salad.
“It’s like being related to King Kong. Take my advice,” he said, sipping his second glass of Paisano, the only wine he ever drank. “Get out of this neighborhood before it turns your brains to pasta fasu.”
“What about you? Why do you stay? Especially...”
“Especially after my own ﬂesh and blood has threatened to put a bullet between my eyes? Well,” he said, turning up the corners of his mouth mirthlessly, “what would I have to bitch about if I cut and run? Better yet, what would they have to bitch about?”
“So, you’ll risk your life just to go on spiting your family.”
He held his glass of cheap wine up to the light as if to better appreciate its inferior qualities. “Let’s just say I enjoy being a tiny thorn in their sides. It’s good for their humility.”
“And Sally’s automatic?”
He frowned, more in disgust than fear. “If he ever tried to use it the poor boy would probably do himself more harm than he would me.”
I decided Anthony was either very brave or very crazy. I also came to the conclusion that I myself was neither, or at least not crazy enough to tempt fate in the person of Salvatore Carlucci. I began keeping an eye out for furnished rooms to let, although, with the gentriﬁcation that was already going on, they were getting to be as scarce as organ grinders.
That weekend Eve and I took in a Kurosawa retrospective. Jason sat quietly through both ﬁlms. Ikiru took some self-discipline plus a steady stream of  popcorn and candy, but he enjoyed the samurai epic that followed as much as if it were a cowboy movie. Eve and I held hands and even got teary during the same scenes of Ikiru.
Afterward we wandered over to the East Village and ate blintzes in a luncheonette near Tompkins Square Park. We must have looked like any ordinary couple out for an evening with the kid. Our waitress, a middle-age Pole from the neighborhood, asked Jason to pass a glass of water to “Daddy’s” place when she was setting the table. Jason didn’t look anything like me, but he was delighted by the mistake and for the rest of the evening chanted “Daddy Jim, Daddy Jim.”
After we made love on Eve’s smelly couch I told her I loved her. I just couldn’t not say it, although as soon as I did I saw from the look on her face that I had turned a serious page in our relationship. Jason was asleep in his own bed. His behavior had been becoming more normal—or at least less outlandish—including bowel and bladder control, although the aroma of past indiscretions lingered and, when I was lying in my own bed or taking a walk, became confused for me with the fragrance of his mother’s body and all the other scents and sensations of our lovemaking.
“Stay,” she said, kissing my ears and neck, ordinarily a sure bet to get me going even if we had already made love.
“I can’t.” 
“Why not?”
I said something about promising Anthony to help carry some scores to his church in the morning.
“I’ll set the alarm. I’ve got a clock around here someplace.” 
“But what difference does it make if I leave at three a.m. or six a.m.?”
She regarded me carefully in the dim glow cast by a streetlight on Henry Street. Her eyes, a moment ago narcotic, became coldly focused. “If you can’t see why, it won’t do any good my telling you.”
I tried to look confused, but our bodies—she must already have been feeling my unresponsiveness—drew apart as if their magnetic ﬁelds had just failed.
That week I had to return home for my aunt’s funeral. I hadn’t been to Long Island since before I met Eve, and I was struck by the contrast between middle-class life in Merrick and the world of South Brooklyn. My mother’s living room was not only odorless—unless you counted the smell of furniture polish—it was spotlessly clean; not just feces-, urine- , and rotten-food-free, but dustless, smudgeless, devoid of  any trace of  human habitation. I tried to imagine Eve sitting beside me on the ﬂoral-pattern sofa which looked as if it would collapse in horror if someone farted on it. I tried to picture Jason throwing one of his tantrums on the mint-colored wall-to-wall carpeting. Once, my mother began snifﬁng and asked if I also didn’t smell something. For one dreadful moment I thought I had carried the stench of Eve’s apartment with me into this shrine to Proctor & Gamble. But what she had noticed turned out to be only a frozen cake she had left too long in the oven.
I returned Monday morning to Brooklyn. Almost as soon as I put down my bag in Anthony’s apartment the telephone rang.
“I’ve been trying to reach you for two days. Why didn’t you call?” Eve demanded, sounding as if  I were the sole survivor of a plane crash instead of  just returning from an overnight trip to Nassau County.
“I was tied up. You know, with relations and stuff.” I had never promised to call, although I also hadn’t said I wouldn’t.
“I was afraid something happened to you.”
“What could happen?” I said, ﬂattered by the attention but wary of its intensity.
“You could have gotten sick or been in an accident. I didn’t know what to think.”
“Well, I’m safe and sound, so you can stop worrying.”
“That’s easy for you to say. You didn’t have to lie awake all night worrying.”
“For Christ’s sake, Eve. I’m back and I’m alright.”
“Jason kept asking why you were gone so long. He even asked if you were dead like the goldﬁsh on ‘Mr. Rogers.’”
I suddenly could hear—and smell—Jason demanding to know where Daddy Jim was. I also could see all too clearly that living room, not the cleaned-up version I had taken leave of a couple days ago but the original fetid mess I ﬁrst walked into that early spring evening. I had been anticipating seeing Eve all during the ride back from Merrick, even to the point of having to conceal my eagerness with a copy of the Times. But now I wasn’t so sure.
An hour later I saw that her apartment had indeed returned to primitive chaos. It amazed me that so much debris could accumulate in two short days. Jason was parked in front of the TV, his pants bottom moistly darkened. Eve made a space for me on the sofa without taking her eyes off the inane movie her son was watching. Her hair was unwashed, her skin dappled with angry blotches. I felt as if the last month—our conversations in the park, the trip to the Village, Jason’s newfound continence—had never happened. But there was none of the near-hysteria she had shown during our earlier telephone conversation. In fact, we scarcely spoke at all.
Finally it was time for me to go to work.
“You don’t mind if I don’t get up?” she said with an artiﬁcial smile. When I reached the darkened foyer I heard her call, “Stop by later?”
“Sure,” I called back, but pulled the door tight behind me. When I arrived at the Chicken ‘N Ribs I found the delivery truck’s seats ripped out, the wires torn from the dashboard and engine, the battery and any other valuable parts stolen and the tires slashed.
“Where’s Cynthia?” I asked Tina who was ﬁling her ﬁngernails behind the cash register.
“In the back,” she said, “calling the cops.” 
“Who did it?”
But she only snapped her gum without removing her attention from her manicure. Cynthia came storming into the front of  the store, demanding to know where Frankie was.
Tina shrugged. “I ain’t seen him since Tuesday.” 
“You called his home number like I said?”
“I called twice. There’s no answer.”
Cynthia opened the door to confront the crowd that had gathered more thickly than usual on the sidewalk.
“Any of you seen Frankie today?”
The loiterers—all younger versions of Anthony’s brother—regarded each other with mock seriousness.
“Nah, I ain’t seen him. You seen Frankie, Dominick?” 
“Nah, I ain’t seen him.”
She turned away in disgust. Finally she noticed me standing by the counter. “What are you hanging around for?”
“It’s my day to work.”
“Yeah, well, unless you got a car or a bicycle you can forget it.” She headed back to her ofﬁce, and a few seconds later I followed. I found her with her head on her arms, crying. I had never seen her so much as ﬂinch before. It was like watching a full-grown man weep.
She looked up at me, ready as always to go on the offensive. “What do you want?”
“Nothing. I’m just...sorry this happened.”
She regarded me hotly for a moment. Then her bottom lip went into spasm like a tire suddenly going ﬂat and she buried her face in her arms again. “You break your ass working two jobs. For what?”
I went back to the front of the store where Tina was ﬁlling an order at the deep-fat tub.
“For delivery?” 
“Uh huh.” 
“Where to?” 
“Luquer Street.”
“You know we have no truck?” 
“Uh huh.”
“But you’re still taking orders?” 
“Nobody told me not to.”
Luquer Street was about a quarter of a mile away. But it was a big order, so I decided to take it there on foot. There was still a thick gathering on the sidewalk outside. As I started down Court Street I heard one of them say, “Hey, you want me to ride you in my Rolls Royce?”
Even though the sun was already hanging low in the west, the sidewalks were still radiating heat. I recalled that it was just a few days from the longest day of the year. But the city seemed proof against the seasons. The few scrawny trees planted along the avenue might have been props no more genuine or permanent than the Christmas ornaments that got strung across it at Thanksgiving and were promptly removed at New Year’s.
Luquer was a side street that intersected Court Street just north of the elevated expressway marking the limits of Red Hook. Frankie had been robbed several times in the Hook, although when Tina told me about those robberies she smiled the way she did when she was recounting one of her father’s Maﬁa exploits.
I turned into a block of short, working-class row houses and checked the address on the order form against the ﬁrst door I came to. They were three hundred numbers apart. I calculated how many blocks east the address on the order would be from where I was standing and arrived at a location somewhere on the other side of the Gowanus Canal. Only, Luquer didn’t extend beyond Court Street.
“Looking for somebody, mister?” a skinny blond boy offered. I asked if he knew anybody by the name on the order form. “Nah,” he said. “Nobody by that name lives on this block. You must got the wrong street.”
I carried the warm bag of food into an Irish bar on the corner and called the store. Tina veriﬁed the address. She also veriﬁed that Luquer—which she pronounced “La Queer”—didn’t extend beyond Court Street. I thought her voice sounded ﬂat, devoid of its usual sarcastic undertone. But I had never spoken to her over the phone before.
When I got back to the Chicken ‘N Ribs the truck was still standing across the street, listing slightly to curbside but otherwise showing little of the havoc it had suffered. But as soon as I entered the store and put the warm bag of food down on the counter I heard Tina whistle softly. I turned back toward the big plate-glass window. At ﬁrst all I saw were the usual bunch of loiterers, their backs, for some reason, turned toward us. Then I saw the smoke billowing from the engine and cab of the delivery truck, pumping from it in bursts as if in a desperate hurry to escape.
“Call the ﬁre department.” 
“You call them.”
I reached for the phone, but even as I dialed the three-digit emergency code the ﬁrst long tongues of ﬂame licked eagerly at the van’s body. What was happening was terrible, but I couldn’t take my eyes off it. It might have been a plane wreck or a big ship going down.
“Tell Cynthia.”
A gunshot sounded deﬁantly from Tina’s mouth. “Not me.”
By the time Cynthia responded to my shout the ﬂames were gobbling up the old truck like a school of piranha disposing of a hapless ox. At ﬁrst, Cynthia just stared at the conﬂagration as if it were happening on TV. Then she suddenly lurched toward the door. I followed, but by the time I reached the sidewalk she had already collared one of the boys from the pool hall and was slapping him hard on the head and neck. “Cynthia!”
She no more heard my shouts than she did the sirens wailing up the street like an outraged elephant.
For some reason, I thought the ﬁremen would stop the ﬁght. But they jumped out of  the truck and began unloading hose and other equipment without a glance at the violence occurring just a few feet away.
I took hold of Cynthia’s arm gingerly, a bit concerned that she might take a swing at me as well, one target being as good as any other under the circumstances. But just then her victim managed to slip away. His buddies, their attention divided between the ﬁght and the ﬁre, began to offer tentative abuse in Cynthia’s direction. But as soon as she advanced on them they backed off. I still had my hand on her arm, though she didn’t seem aware of it and was a match for me in strength.
I urged her to come back inside the store. To my surprise, she let me lead her away, though right up to the moment the door swung closed behind us she was answering the young men’s abuse with insults of  her own. Once inside she headed straight for the phone. I thought she was calling the police again but heard her say, “You better get your butt over here. The bastards just burned up the truck,” and realized she was talking to her brother. I had only met him twice—the day I was hired and once when I stayed late to help Cynthia do inventory. “How the fuck should I know where Frankie is?”
She slammed the phone down. “Closing time.”
She fetched the sign from under the counter and hung it on the door. I glanced around, but Tina was nowhere in sight. The cash register drawer was closed, so there was no telling if anything was left inside.
“You don’t have to hang around. I’ll do the cleaning up.”
I wanted to say something to show I was not one of “them.” But I couldn’t come up with anything appropriate.
“Should I come to work tomorrow?” 
“We’ll call if we need you.”

V

I headed toward the harbor—not the touristy promenade in the Heights but the cluttered docks along Columbia Street. I had probably just lost my livelihood and, despite her invitation to return later that evening, my woman as well. My artistic career was going nowhere—hadn’t been for some time, if I was honest with myself. All that was left of my original high ambition was Eve’s portrait, half-ﬁnished like everything else in my life.
I wandered around the neighborhood, keeping well to the west of any of our usual meeting places. Even so, when a detour up Hicks Street failed to produce a conjunction of our magnetic ﬁelds, I felt disappointed. I had come to believe in our homing instinct for one another. It was the only religion I knew, and I needed it like Anthony needed his music and the priests he worked for needed their Real Presence. If the force that drew Eve and myself together, no matter what our original destinations or how independent our reasons for leaving our separate apartments, if that energy failed I was no better off than a ﬁngerless organist or a defrocked priest.
I headed for the park where I had ﬁrst seen her. The sandpit was full of toddlers watched over by that purple dolphin, its back still bent in a graceful arch despite the ignominy of a shattered nose. The benches were crowded with strangers. I might have been a time-traveler come back a decade in the future only to ﬁnd an entirely new generation at play. Unlike my ﬁrst experience with the morning mommy-klatch, this mixed evening crowd paid me no more mind than if I were a ghost.
“Sounds like you had an exciting afternoon,” Anthony said when I told him about the events at Chicken ‘N Ribs. It was just past eight. My usual quitting time was nine-thirty or ten. “Still, I’m not all that surprised. You’ve seen with your own eyes the kind of IQs these people are working with. And they hate blacks worse than they hate honest labor. Your boss should consider herself lucky to escape without bodily harm.”
He was working on a pasta prima vera, sautéing a clove of garlic and fresh basil in expensive olive oil. He looked older than he had just a couple days ago.
“I can remember when my delightful brother used to go ‘nigger-hunting’ with his friends. Five or six of them would drive down to Coney Island or some other neighborhood where they were likely to ﬁnd black kids—but not too many of them. They brought along an assortment of blunt instruments—baseball bats, chains. Of course, this was in the days when a zip gun was still a very exotic weapon. He returned home at three or four in the morning, sometimes looking decidedly worse for wear. My room was right next to his. I remember one night he came in with blood running down the side of his face like someone had emptied a jar of ketchup on him. I actually thought it was ketchup. I had never seen that much blood outside a movie theater.”
“What did your parents say?”
He shrugged the same way Tina did, making me wonder how much she knew about what happened to the truck. “They pretended it didn’t happen. After all, if you grow up in that neighborhood you learn to hear no evil, speak no evil. Any other attitude could prove dangerous to your health. Come to think of it,” he added, testing a strand of hot linguini, “that’s probably how they can go on telling the neighbors that I’ve got a ﬁancée or that Sally is in the catering business, when what he actually does is shake down pizzerias that don’t want a molotov cocktail thrown through their window. It’s a remarkable feat of self-delusion, when you consider it.”
He was talking even more than usual—from nerves, I suspected. Everything and everyone seemed to be coming apart. My job had gone up in ﬂames. The force which had guaranteed that all Eve and I had to do was leave our houses in order to be drawn magically toward each other had failed. Her own life was returning to its original chaos. And even Anthony, who had seemed to weather every hardship so well, was winding down like a toy with a worn-out battery.
The telephone rang.
“If it’s for me, I’m not home yet,” I said.
Anthony raised his eyebrows meaningfully. But it wasn’t Eve. “Where is he?” he said. “Does Ma know?”
After he hung up he stood staring at the kitchen wall.
“My brother’s had a heart attack. He’s in Long Island College.”— the hospital just around the corner from us—“I guess I should go over there.” He looked at me hesitantly. “Shouldn’t I?”
“I’ll go with you.”
The receptionist referred us to the head nurse. Even after Anthony identiﬁed himself she still looked suspicious, as if we might be hitmen sent to ﬁnish Sally off. She reluctantly led us to a curtained partition inside the treatment area. “Two minutes,” she said, holding up as many ﬁngers.
Anthony drew the curtain aside, and there was Sally, looking ridiculous under a clean sheet, electrodes attached to his chest and an intravenous device inserted into a vein in his wrist. His eyes were closed, but he opened them when he heard his brother’s voice.
“What’re you doing here?” he mumbled. 
“Daddy called. I came to see how you were.”
Sal stared at the partly drawn curtain as if he had something else on his mind. Then he said, “Shouldn’t have bothered.”
“It’s no bother, Sal.”
Sal’s eyes ﬂickered my way, then looked away again. “You seen Ma?”
“She’s on her way.”
Sal’s expression softened. “They say maybe I had...” and he jabbed a thumb toward his chest as if his heart might be eavesdropping.
“I know. But you’ll be okay now.”
Sal didn’t reply to this encouragement. I couldn’t tell if he was touched or felt that whether he recovered or didn’t recover was his own affair and no one else’s. Then, as if realizing for the ﬁrst time who he was talking to, he looked as if he had just tasted something rotten and said, “You’re still a punk.”
When I left the hospital I headed straight for Eve’s. Our squabbles suddenly seemed inconsequential. What did it matter if I spent the entire night with her instead of sleeping the last few hours in my own bed? Why should it rankle that she worried when I didn’t call from my mother’s? Terrible things could happen to people. Lives could end without warning. With all her faults, would I ever know another woman like her?
I peered through the never-parted curtains. There was no light on and no ﬂickering TV. I had never known her to stay out past dark unless it was to sit out on her stoop. The room looked like a bizarre archeological exhibit. All signs of the half-lived lives of its inhabitants—the rubble of toys, blankets and uneaten food; the broken-down, stained sofa—remained intact, frozen in time.
For the next couple hours I wandered around Brooklyn Heights. It was a warm, fragrant evening, a replica of the ones I used to spend with Eve when life had seemed less complicated—was it really just a few weeks ago? I seemed to be walking through a memory. My life with her seemed over in a way that I could not yet accept but was not willing to resist. Maybe I was going crazy, I thought as I walked past a pair of lovers enjoying the balmy evening. The only thing that had kept me sane—or at least made life seem worthwhile—was my art. But the portrait that I ﬁrst worked on so assiduously I had not touched for weeks. It lay somewhere in Eve’s apartment, still half-ﬁnished.
Or did it? What if  Jason had gotten hold of  it—or Eve had decided to throw it out?
When I reached her block again I approached the areaway cautiously. Through the window I saw Jason in his usual spot in front of the TV, as if he had been there all along but under some kind of spell which had made him invisible earlier. When I rang the bell Eve answered it herself, dressed not in her dirty yellow duster but in a pair of new pink shorts and a sexy halter top.
“Hi,” she greeted me with a big smile. “We’ve been waiting for you.”
I followed her through the dark outer foyer and into the living room, which had again been swept clean. Jason shouted “Hi!” then returned to the tube. I was inside a sanitized version of the seamy dig I had glimpsed earlier, peopled now by specters—ghosts who spoke and even offered me some thing to eat.
“How was work?” she asked as I sat down and she began fussing with the coffee table. It was only then that I recalled the holocaust at Chicken ‘N Ribs.
“My God! Was anybody hurt?”
“I don’t think so,” I said, having no feeling at all about the conﬂagration.
“Will Cynthia close the store?” 
“I don’t know. I guess.”
She took a closer look at me, then sat down beside me. “Where have you been since all this happened?”
I regarded her with confusion. I didn’t even remember the time I had spent with Anthony in the emergency room. “Walking around.”
“Looking for us?” 
“Sort of.”
She pressed her hand on top of mine. “If I had any idea... Well, just stay where you are. I have something that should cheer you up.”
A couple minutes later she returned with a big platter full of Italian salads and cold cuts. 
“Where did you get all this?”
“Here and there,” she said. “I guess I should know my way around this neighborhood by now. There’s pastries for dessert. I even bought fresh-ground coffee.”
“You must have spent a fortune.”
She shrugged but seemed happy not to deny the cost of the trouble she had gone to.
“Just eat.”
I ate, but without tasting anything.
“So you’re out of a job?” she said when we had started on the pastries. “You know you can always stay here.”
“I’m not sure that would be a good idea.” 
“Why not?”
I pretended to take an interest in what was on the television. “Not a good way to begin.”
“‘Begin’? We’re not exactly beginning, are we?”
“Well,” I said, “I just mean it might not be such a good idea for me to move in with you when I don’t have a job.”
“You’ll ﬁnd something.”
“I don’t like living off someone.”
She sat back against one of the sofa’s sprung cushions. “I see.” Her eyes became ﬁxed on the swept but still badly stained carpet. Her lips were drawn tightly together.
“Don’t you agree?” I said. 
“Sure.”
Then I remembered why I had come there. “Do you still have my painting?”
“Of course I have it. Do you want it? Right now?”
“I’d just like to know it’s okay. I put a lot of work into it.”
She got up and disappeared into the dark middle room. A moment later she returned with my pad.
Though I had only lightly penciled in the legs and hands and had scarcely begun work on the hair, the work was substantially realized. I was amazed how good it was. The facial expression was ordinary yet suggested the complexity and contradictions of the woman. The torso was better than anything I had done before. She was half-reclining, her upper body partly resisting the force of gravity, partly luxuriating in it. It was a beautiful body—the body of the woman I had made love to that ﬁrst night on the smelly sofa.
“Take it,” she said.
The painting was my masterpiece, to the extent I would ever have one. It justiﬁed all the years I had put into drawing pots of impatiens, all the dull life classes and academic studies I had been so bad at but had suddenly put to good use in this one total effort of the best in me. I laid the sketchbook on my lap and said, “About our living together. It’s just that I want to get some things sorted out ﬁrst. I mean about earning a living.”
But she looked as she had when I ﬁrst saw her crossing the street in front of my delivery truck and I had thought, “This is how she’ll look in twenty years.”
I started to reach for her hand, but thought better of it.
She accompanied me to the door and even regained some of her earlier cheerfulness, although now it seemed forced. We used to kiss at this point, but there was no question of our kissing tonight.
As I was unlocking the iron gate, the sketchpad tucked under my arm, she showed me a tired, bitter smile and said, “It’s okay. I mean, don’t feel guilty or anything. This is how people always end up treating me.”
I felt a pang of jealousy about those other “people,” mixed with a ﬂash of anger at her self-pity. But I knew that to reply would only mean making myself vulnerable to her again.
A couple days later I saw a room-for-rent sign in the window of a brownstone on Pineapple Street at the northern end of the Heights. The landlady was a fading strawberry blonde who welcomed me like I was a long-lost relation and even made me a cup of tea in her dark Victorian parlor.
I got a job through a temporary agency at a brokerage house in lower Manhattan. I could walk to work across the Brooklyn Bridge. From its promenade I could see the spire of a church near Eve’s house. But I avoided that neighborhood, even to visit Anthony who was apartment-hunting himself in Manhattan.
It was weeks before I ventured as far south as Atlantic Avenue, ostensibly for some baklava but really to test the strength of  the force that used to bind me to Eve. When I didn’t spot her on Henry or Clinton Streets, I walked to the park where we had spent so many sunny mornings swapping scenes from favorite movies. There was no sign of her.
Finally I ventured onto her own block. Except for an old Italian woman putting out garbage, the street was deserted. It might have been a block that had been evacuated because of a toxic spill or dangerous gas leak. Eve’s house was darkened, lifeless, all but boarded-up.
I stood there a few more moments, but no familiar face appeared. I felt as I did the night I had looked for her by the sandbox, like a time traveler come back in the wrong decade or, more likely, one who had never really been here at all.
_______________________________________
If you enjoyed reading this free copy of The Jew's Wife & Other Stories, please consider saying so on the The Jew's Wife & Other Stories page where you downloaded this copy. Reader reviews from people like yourself are very important to us. 

Also, if you liked The Jew's Wife & Other Stories there's a good chance you will also enjoy reading Thomas J. Hubschman's other fiction:

Song of the Mockingbird

"A story of two women, both of whom have lost their husbands. By the end, one has discovered how to achieve happiness; one is on the road to a bitter, angry loneliness. The forces do not operate quite the way modern feminism or a youth-obsessed society might predict. Which is what makes this novel worth thinking about after one has turned the last page." - Reader's Review


Look at Me Now

"Look at Me Now" follows Deidre Davis as she finds herself finally free of her dominating husband after twenty years marriage.... A novel of gaining strength as an independent woman, Look at Me Now is inspiring and entertaining, highly recommended. - Midwest Book Review

Father Walther's Temptation
I didn't know what to expect when I started this book. I was delighted to find that it tells a very realistic story about a 20th-century man who happens to be a priest and going through a life crisis. This novel made me realize that regardless of the labels the world puts on us (lawyer, Indian chief, woman, priest) our basic human vulnerability breaks down all those artificial distinctions. The author does a great job of bringing us to that awareness. - Reader's Review

Billy Boy

“Hubschman has brought together all the ingredients for a riveting read: a sexy anti-hero, a persistent cop with a boyhood grudge, the gritty urban war zone of Brooklyn, NY, where the cultural melting pot is stuck on slow-boil…. Billy Boy is as real as it gets, a tough, disturbing, unsentimental account of life on the mean streets of New York City.”
                                                                   – WordWeaver

My Bess 

"This is a great read for anyone who has ever loved another human being, regardless of gender or sexual orientation." - Reader's Review

                 _________________________________


