the kind of friends who
murder each other
Chris Rhatigan

Copyright © 2013 by Chris Rhatigan
(KUBOA)/SmashWords Edition
www.kuboapress.wordpress.com

It is the genuine hope of KUBOA to receive unfiltered feedback from readers regarding the works we produce.  Whether your reaction to the work was positive, negative, or ambivalent, we would much appreciate your taking the time to send some remarks to us—these will be shared with the authors.

kuboacomments@gmail.com


For Melanie, my wife and first reader


ONE


I bowled with Mackey and Slade Wednesday nights, it started because we had all worked at the Pump ’N Munch together, now I was the only one who worked there. 
Slade was the best bowler, usually rolled 200-plus, could put spin on the ball, make it curlicue. I don’t know why he bowled with us instead of in a league, Mackey and I rarely broke 150. 
After we’d bowl, we’d go to the bowling alley’s bar and drink a few pitchers of beer, that’s what we did most nights and what we did this particular night. 
The bar was empty, the bartender clearly wanted to go home, his elbows on the bar, eyes affixed to a touch-screen game, hand propped up his head which looked like it could fall off at any moment and roll around on the brown tile floor, eyes still attached to that screen. Maybe we wanted to go home too. 
“Smokes are up to nine dollars a pack,” Mackey said. “How am I supposed to afford that shit?”
“You don’t have a job,” I said. “How do you afford anything?”
“I get by.”
“I’m sure you do.”
“But it’s those taxes. They keep putting those taxes on the smokes, soon no one can afford them. It’s un-American, that’s what it is.” 
“People will find a way to afford them, it’s like lottery tickets, they could charge fifty bucks for lottery tickets, people would still pay. You’ve seen them—they want what they want when they want it, they don’t care how much it costs.”
“Fewer and fewer people will buy ’em,” Mackey said. “They’ll quit or they’ll buy those discount smokes. The Pall Malls or whatever. You wait and see. Soon the Pump ’N Munch will close down.”
“That’s crap, first of all, the store makes money on lottery tickets and gasoline, second of all, people are married to their brands. They’ve smoked Marb Lights for twenty-five years, they will never change, no tax will make them change, they will keep shoving those smokes in their mouths til they have to get a trach, then they’ll just smoke them through that hole in their throat til they die.”
We’d cycled through all of our standard topics in a similar fashion, each one feeling staler than the previous. We were not drunk enough, not nearly drunk enough, like for some reason it couldn’t happen that night.  
Mackey polished off his beer, poured a refill, picked a speck of crap off his mustache, I hated that mustache. “I break into houses,” he said. “Used to be once in a while, but it’s become a habit. Do it at least once a week.”
Slade said, “So what do you take? Jewelry, electronics, that kind of stuff?”
“No, I don’t take anything. Never done that. Never wanted to. I watch people sleep.”
“Attractive women?”
“Anyone. I like to see the rhythm of their breath. The way couples fight for the covers. How they get up in the middle of the night to take a leak and walk right past me, like me being there is so outside their expectations that they’re blind to me.”
Slade said, “How do you do it?”
“Do what?”
“Break into houses.”
“I’ve gotten good at picking locks. But usually I don’t bother—people leave side doors and windows open.”
Bruce Springsteen’s “Born to Run” played over the speakers, fucking terrible song, must have been the fourth time it played that night. I don’t know why places do that, there must be a million songs they could play but goddamned “Born to Run” was somehow deemed better than all of them on four separate occasions. 
Slade sang along, that prick.
A muscular guy with a mullet and a cutoff t-shirt on lane 24 rolled a strike, his skanky girlfriend in a garbage bag mini-skirt pranced over on her high heels, drunkenly embraced him, she had a nice, firm ass. Good for them. 
“I killed a guy,” I said. “About five years ago.”
 Mackey said, “How’d you do it?”
“Waited behind a dumpster in that alleyway between First and Jefferson. Tall guy in a brown suede jacket and jeans passed by, I snuck up behind him with a tire iron. Found out later his name was Rudolph Penscott.”
“That’s an awful name.” 
“Yes.”
Slade ordered another pitcher, the bartender grunted, managed to tear himself away from his game for a second, maybe he was afraid it wouldn’t be there when he got back, it would just disappear, that things were really that temporal. 
I thought another pitcher was pointless, none of us were going to get drunk, just wasn’t possible not on that particular night, we could swim in alcohol and still be sober.   
Slade popped peanuts out of their shells and into his mouth. “I was driving home one time. I was pretty lit. A kid was crossing the street, a boy, no idea why he was out that late or what the fuck he was doing. I mean, where are the parents these days, right?” He stacked the shells in an obscene little pile, one inside of another, at least he wasn’t singing along anymore. No one responded to his question, though maybe we weren’t supposed to. “Anyway, I hit him. His head smacked the windshield hard, rolled off, got blood all over my car. I kept going. Then I put it in reverse and backed up over his body. I thought it would make a crunching sound, but it didn’t, just a dull duh-dun, like I’d hit an opossum.” He pronounced it oh-possum.
Springsteen mercifully stopped singing, only sound was the low whine of the ceiling fan. The couple on lane 24 had left, I wondered if they were banging in the parking lot. I hoped so, I wanted a look, had this cartoon vision in my head of steamy windows, the girl’s spray-tanned legs straight up in the air, a V for Victory. 
The bartender had returned to his game, why do people bother playing games if they’re going to be bored anyway, thought the point was to entertain yourself, but maybe it was only to pass the time, to efficiently dispose of the seconds, minutes, hours, days til you die.  
The three of us stared at the patterns on the casino green rug, poster of some Nascar guy we could have cared less about, the flashing lights on the pinball machine. Pretended we were transfixed by each of these items, that we couldn’t take our eyes off them. I thought the bartender might have been listening to our conversation, maybe he thought it was a joke, maybe not, either way it didn’t matter, what was he going to do about it, what was he going to do about anything, all he seemed capable of was playing that stupid game and reluctantly fetching drinks.
Or maybe he would do something about it. 
We had a smoke outside on the sidewalk, quiet night, hot and muggy, air hung around like it was waiting for a bus. 
We went our separate ways. 


TWO


I woke up at eight thirty-seven, ripped off the sweaty covers, sprinted to the bathroom, vomited for a long time, at the end nothing but a trail of stringy, black bile, my hair caked in sweat, body’s grime mixing with tile floor’s grime. 
I forced myself to stop after about an hour, clenched my lips tight as I gagged, pushed it back down my throat, imagined it flooding my chest, draining into my stomach, my hairy legs, my feet, making my socks sloppy. 
I rinsed my mouth with water, brushed my teeth and showered—a long, hot one that made my skin pink and dry and exposed all these tiny cuts on my shins from what I don’t know. I made instant coffee, poured boiling water into a striped mug I’d gotten from a garage sale, stirred in the granules. 
The hangover after a night where you were never even got drunk is the worst. I knew that yet I had pushed through last night, drank another beer or two that I didn’t even want, no reason at all. 
I smoked a cigarette out on the small, concrete balcony, grey day, drizzle, hot and muggy, world exhausted, all the buildings sagging in the middle, frowning, cigarette tasting of metal.
Down the street, half a block, near a high chainlink fence surrounding vacant property that used to be a parking lot was a black-and-white cop car illegally parked in front of a fire hydrant. I knew the cop, Ron Maxson, a regular at the store. He was sitting in the car, looking right at me through a pair of binoculars. He saw that I had spotted him, removed the binoculars, smiled, a genuine, big-toothed grin, waved. He would arrest me with that same expression, affably reading me my rights as the handcuffs dug into my wrists, chatting about sports or the weather as he shoved my head down, forced me into the backseat.
The bartender must have heard us last night, called the cops after we left, now all three of us were done. Maybe Mackey and Slade had already been arrested, convicted, sentenced, they already had turned on me like vicious rodents, detailed everything I’d said. 
I nodded, yes, everything could disintegrate that easily.
No no no, that didn’t add up. No way the bartender heard us and if he did, how would that amount to anything? Idle chatter, why would he suspect anything more? He probably thought we were drunk, we weren’t drunk, but he probably thought we were. Must be some other reason Maxson was hanging around—a neighborhood watch, a new patrol route, monitoring someone else in my building, something else, anything else. 
I dropped the cigarette, retreated inside, made another mug of coffee, sank into the futon, stink of it absorbing me, took a few tepid sips, burned my tongue, knew that feeling would stick with me for days. Everything I ate or drank would be washed away by that burn, neutralized into a singular, mediocre paste. 
Sickness still swirled around my head and stomach. I popped two painkillers, dry-swallowed them, one lodged in my throat for a moment, scared the shit out of me, thought that was it for a second, that I would choke on a pill because I’d been too lazy to get a glass of water, but then it dislodged, went down fine, my throat felt odd, scratchy, but it was fine, it was okay. 
Blue digits on the microwave reported I had four hours and sixteen minutes til work. Problem with work was that when I wasn’t there, all I could think about was when I’d have to be there next. I’d watch those blue digits efficiently sweep away the time every day, measuring my life into finite sections. That’s what it comes down to, isn’t it? Life is quantifiable, each section waiting to be wasted as you fret about the other sections, sections past and sections future.
Sometimes I dreamt about work, mundane shit, like I would screw up entering Drunk Howard’s lottery numbers or my boss would hound me about taking a can of soda without ringing it up. I’d wake up more stressed than when I’d left work, I’d look at those blue digits, calculate how many minutes I had left til I had to go in, til I had to, as they say, face the music, which in this case was Lite FM radio with the hits of the 80s, 90s, and today.
I passed out on the futon for a while, no dreams this time, woke up an hour and twenty-six minutes before work, peeked out the window. Maxson was gone, must have been a coincidence that he had been here, I’d ask him about it next time I was at the store, or maybe I wouldn’t, maybe it would look worse if I asked, only a guilty man would ask why a cop was in front of where he lived, an innocent man would note the fact and move on.
I dug my official Pump ’N Munch uniform out of the bottom of my closet, white collared shirt, black slacks, black neck tie, name tag. The company provided none of this, other than the name tag, but insisted that we find the money to waste on all this crap. None of us looked professional anyway, maybe we all looked asleep or annoyed or borderline homicidal, but never professional.
The shirt smelled sour, like a sponge that had absorbed bits of food and spoiled milk, I was pretty certain the stain on the pants was cum.
And the tie—well, if I had to wear a tie to work, I was going to make sure it was wrinkled as shit.

***

I had this boss, John, he was real OCD. He was at the front counter, scratching at something. He was always doing something like that, scratching or spraying or wiping or reshuffling—this was where his life was spent, cycling between pointless tasks.
“There’s nothing there,” I said.
“Oh yes there is.” He got this repulsive half smile when he concentrated on something, made him focus even more on whatever task he had assigned himself. “You just don’t have an attentive enough eye, Simon.”
“No, I’m just not OCD.”
I don’t think he heard me. 
A bald guy with a bulbous bottom lip came in and pulled a credit card out of his wallet, one of those thick, weighty cards that delude people into thinking they have money. His bottom lip really was fat—like he had stored a bunch of food in there in case of a sudden famine.
He slapped the credit card on the counter, mumbled he wanted forty-five on pump eight.
He shook his head. “These days, that’ll only get me half-a-goddamned tank.”
“That’s because you own a Hummer.”
He made a sound with his throat. “I can drive whatever vehicle I want. This is America. I want to drive a Hummer, I drive a motherfucking Hummer.”
“You drive the least fuel-efficient car on the planet and then you complain about how much gas costs?”
“Fuck you!”
“Fuck you too!”
His bottom lip jutted out, bet he had herpes, bet he gave it to his wife, to his daughter, to the Asian chicks at the massage parlor down the street, spread it around real good, made sure the rest of the world contracted his disease and suffered from it. 
“You know what? I’m taking my business elsewhere.”
“No can do, Mr. Hummer, already got you in for forty-five on pump eight, take it or leave it.”
“Unbelievable.” 
He swung the door open all violent so it hit the magazine rack and knocked a Hustler on the floor, a Hustler that I would, at some point, have to pick up, and he flipped me off, but not with any gusto, more like an afterthought, like Oh yeah, and fuck you, Mr. Clerk. I wished he had punched me, I could get two, even three weeks off of work for that, maybe qualify for workman’s comp. I could make a whole scam out of it, sue the company, claim they didn’t provide a safe work environment or something. 
John hadn’t reacted to any of this, so I figured it would be all right to go outside and have a smoke while he remained lost in his small universe. 
I sat on the curb, shook a cigarette from the pack and struck a match, I liked lighters better, but matches were free. I’d take an entire box home with me, sometimes I’d just light them and watch the matchstick wither away, charring, dying, the flame reaching out for my fingertips, I’d let it burn me just a little, just enough. 
A city bus pulled up, Mackey lumbered out and across the street. He was sweating balls, big, dark stains collecting around his pits and belly. I didn’t want to see him, never wanted to see him again.
“Why are you here?”
He wiped his shiny brow. “I couldn’t sleep, man. Too much to think about. Too many possibilities.”
“What?”
“Don’t play that game.”
“Okay.”
Mackey watched me intently for five seconds, then rubbed his red eyes with his fists. He said, just above a whisper, “Now you guys know.”
“Know what?”
“You know.”
I took a drag, exhaled through my nostrils. “I don’t, that’s why I’m asking. That’s what people do when they don’t have the answers, they ask questions.” 
“You know—you know what I do.”
“You mean with the breaking into houses—”
“That’s exactly what I mean. I never told that to anyone. Not once, not never. You can’t go around talking shit like that and expect to get away with it. It’s like a slug—leaves a slimy trail behind.” 
I flicked my cigarette at the ashtray, missed, it landed on the sidewalk, I got up, picked up the butt and dropped it in the gray sand. The sun beat down on my back and neck, thick, syrupy heat, trying to push me under the surface, make me drown.
“No big deal,” I said. “We all have a bond now, right? None of us can tell on anyone else, if we do, we’re just screwing ourselves, it’s in everyone’s best interests to keep their mouths shut, so we keep our mouths shut, that’s all we have to do, couldn’t be simpler.”
“Right, I get it,” he said. “That works for us. We all have an incentive to keep quiet. For now. But what about the bartender? He was there the whole time. He’ll turn us in first chance he gets.”
“What about the bartender? He was playing  Keno or whatever, he doesn’t give a fuck, not to mention that I doubt he could hear us with Springsteen drowning us out. What a piece of trash that man is—Springsteen, not the bartender, he’s ok, I guess.”
Mackey ran his hands through his thinning hair, made a sound like steam escaping. “I have no idea why I said that. It just came out. Why would I do that? What could possibly have inspired me to do that?”
I patted him on the shoulder, made my hand all greasy. I wondered if Mackey went to bother Slade at work too or if he had wanted to speak to me and if so why. “I gotta get back to work. Don’t shit the bed—it’ll be fine.”
He pointed at me with an accusing finger and I winced—I actually winced, like he had thrown a bolt of lightning and I hated him then more than ever before. “No, no it won’t. This will follow you forever, I know it and you know it.”  
I left him standing there. He was a planet without a solar system. 

***

John was still at the counter, scraping away, his thumb bled, a red rim around the edge of a hangnail, that vile half smile waxing and waning, exposing his gray molars and the slither of his tongue. I glanced at the clock, five hours and forty-nine minutes left to go. Too early to start counting seconds.
One good thing happened at eight sixteen, an hour and twenty three minutes after John left, forty-four minutes before I could leave. This chick came in, she was sort of a regular, about twice a week she’d come around for a fountain soda and a pack of menthols, we’d always shoot the shit, little jokes, sarcastic comments, sometimes we’d make fun of John, she was at least ten years younger than me.
She filled a souvenir cup with soda and ice, wiggled her ass a little, looked over her shoulder, her eyes bright. “Busy night?”
“Not really.”
“Never is here, is it?”
“Once in a while, but John over there makes sure customers don’t come back. He’s a weirdo.”
“I noticed. Always cleaning, isn’t he?” She smirked. You got a pack of cigarettes for me? I haven’t had one in a few hours, getting a little desperate, a little antsy, you know?”
I rang up the pack and the soda, felt too old for this routine, like I’d played out this exact scenario before, lost, and was playing it the exact same way again, too clueless to have learned from my mistakes. This thought exhausted me, I wanted to shove the cash register onto the floor, lock the doors, curl up on the counter, sleep the clock around. 
“My name’s Lindsay.” She pulled folded up bills and a handful coins out of the tiny pocket on her skin-tight jeans. I wondered if she knew how often I imagined undressing her, I didn’t imagine sex, just taking off her clothes and staring, but that nuance would have been lost on her, but she didn’t know about that anyway, she would never know, I would make sure I was the only one with that information, I would guard it, jealously. “I thought it was weird that I knew your name and you didn’t know mine.”
“Then you’d be like every other customer,” I said.
“But I’m not, am I?”
She ripped open the pack, dropped the cellophane and the foil in the garbage, sparked a Zippo as she returned to the humid night. 


THREE


I didn’t hear from Mackey anymore that week, cycled between work and home. One night I went to a bar and caught a Mets game, they got their asses kicked. I kept a lid on the drinking, but smoked about half a pack, quite a bit more than I could afford to smoke, really. Mackey was right about those damn cigarette prices, I vowed to myself that I would take fewer smoke breaks at work, see if I could stretch longer between buying packs, but even in that moment I knew I wouldn’t follow through. I always took four smoke breaks per shift, exactly one every 110 minutes, savored each of those smokes more than even the end of the shift. 
Lindsay had stopped in three more times—once for cigarettes, other two times for a fountain soda, she was at the store more than she needed to be, why break up the cigarettes and the soda into separate trips? I didn’t know how to handle her, so I stalled, kept up our usual banter, couldn’t imagine things going any further.
Wednesday rolled around, I was bored, got to bowling early. I drank beer and watched the league bowlers. What a pack of losers with their matching shirts and caring about how well they bowled, fucking ridiculous that anyone would care about such things, though I suppose people need to care about something to forget they exist so bowling made as much sense as anything else.
Mackey and Slade showed up together. I figured they must have rode over in the same car, seemed odd, Mackey usually took the bus or walked. Slade didn’t like having other people in his car, heaven-for-fucking-bid that someone would get a speck mud on his pride and joy, a souped-up, electric purple sedan with tinted windows and a douchebag muffler. 
Or maybe their arriving together was a coincidence. I never found out.
I stood up, cracked my back, they came over. We all had our hands in our pockets, nodded at one another, each of us leaving starting a conversation to the other two, no one bothering to take the lead, sound of bowling balls crashing into pins hovered around us, suffocating us, I almost left, bolted out the door, but my feet refused to follow my mind. 
Eventually, Slade slapped Mackey and me on the back. “You boys want to do some shots? I’m buying.”
We hadn’t done shots in a long time. We went with tequila and ended up staying there.
The whole thing became pleasantly juvenile, our bowling scores atrocious, even Slade bowled under 100. We got loud and sloppy fast, Mackey imitated a pinwheel, Slade took off his shirt and belly-flopped down the lane, I lit up a cigarette and stared at my reflection in a bowling ball. I looked strange. We scared off the other bowlers, groups of middle school girls and a handful of old people. Minor miracle we didn’t get kicked out.
I was sitting in one of the bright orange bucket seats, halfway through a plastic cup of beer I had no business drinking, when Slade came over. 
He’d been gone for a while. He wore his shirt again. “I got a bad feeling. You guys got a bad feeling?”
I shook my head, I didn’t have a bad feeling at all, I felt pretty good, didn’t know what he could be referring to.
Mackey said, “What are you talking about?”
“We all know something about each other now.” 
“Right,” Mackey said. “Way I look at it, the way Simon looks at it too, it’s like we have a kind of contract. One of us says anything, the other two are fucked. So we’re good.”
Slade looked at me, eyes wide, alert in a twitchy way. I’d always thought he had drugs on him, but he never let anyone else know one way or the other. I dropped the cigarette on the carpet and stamped it out. 
“Yeah,” I said. “We have to stick together.”
Slade nodded over and over again, fast, like he had already planned everything, everything was on track, we were on the track with him, headed wherever. “That’s what I thought.”
“What did you think?” Mackey said.
“There’s one person who knows that isn’t part of our group,” Slade said.
Mackey stroked his mustache. “The bartender?”
“The bartender.”
“Now hold on a second.” I got up, struggled to stay upright, kept swaying back and forth, didn’t fully appreciate how drunk I was. “Why would he do anything?”
“We can’t have this shit,” Slade said. “Like Mackey said, one goes down, we all go down.”
“You didn’t answer my question.” 
“He’s out on a smoke break right now,” Slade said. “I say we go talk to him, find out what he’s thinking.”
The room spun—the green rug, the orange bucket seats, the black and blue bowling balls all mixing together like a bad watercolor painting. I blinked repeatedly to no effect. Mackey and Slade went outside, I struggled to follow them. All at once I saw everything that was going to happen and it made sense and it hung together. I had no particular reaction to it because it couldn’t be changed.
The bartender was halfway through his smoke, watching the traffic roll by. Slade crowded him, breathed on him. Bartender said, “Can I help you boys?”
“Nah,” Slade said. He took a menthol from the pack, put it between his lips but didn’t light it. “Nice night, huh?”
“Bit hot.” The bartender glanced at his watch, flicked away the half-smoked cigarette, took a step back. “I’m closing down the bar here in a minute. Anything you fellas need? Cabs, maybe?”
Mackey and I laughed. We did need cabs, driving was not a good idea at this point, not with the police doing more sobriety checks, wouldn’t want to get in trouble, wouldn’t want to attract attention.
Slade pulled a gun out of his jacket, took one step back, shot the bartender twice. The bartender landed on the curb, rolled onto a sewer grate. A car horn blared in the distance. 


FOUR


Mackey said, “What in the fuck was that?”
Slade grabbed a handful of Mackey’s shirt and dragged him to his car, opened the passenger’s door, shoved him in as Mackey screamed and screamed like the inconsolable infant he was. Slade went around the other side, started the car, jammed the gas pedal, tires spun and squealed, he left tracks on the asphalt as he sped away. 
I stepped over the bartender, blood drained in the sewer fast like it was raining hard. I got in my car, took me a minute to dig my keys out of my pocket, put out my cigarette in the overflowing ashtray—even I smelled how bad it stank, never remembered to clear the damn thing out, always found a way to fit another butt in there. My hands shook bad, I breathed slow, didn’t help, I managed to get the key in anyway, it didn’t start, just a click-click-click, what the fuck, I couldn’t exactly get a jump now, now was not the time. Got nothing on the second try, ringing in my ears, sound ping-ponging between the windows, left foot tap-tap-tapping, wanted to stop it, couldn’t, swallowed hard, fell that all the way down, tried the ignition again, engine coughed, sputtered, turned over, I breathed, breathed, breathed. 
Returned to my head, ready to get the fuck out of there. 
Left the bowling alley parking lot going ten miles under the speed limit, kept checking my rearview, expected to see blue and red flashing deep in the night. If I had been pulled over, I would have had nothing for the cop, nothing but a full confession and every detail to make sure Mackey and Slade suffered, rotted, even if I went with them. But no one acknowledged my existence, we just drifted past one another, pushed each other out of the way.
I looked back at the road, discovered I had drifted into the other lane.
No way was I making it home like this. I may have been drunk, but I wasn’t stupid, or at least stupid enough to get pulled over at this moment, not stupid enough to collapse onto myself, not yet.  
I pulled into a parking lot of a chain furniture store, parked in a dark corner outside of the greedy reach of the flood lights, reclined the seats, cracked the windows, kicked off my bowling shoes. I grabbed a jacket from the back seat, kept folding it til I had a pillow, but I didn’t have a pillow, I just had a folded jacket and its zipper dug into my cheek.
The car was stifling, the cicadas and the crickets made a racket outside, didn’t make any sense, they’re insects, they’re so small, how do they produce such volume? I wanted to go into the woods and crush every one of them under the heel of my shoe, a big, satisfying crunch every time I took a step and extinguished hundreds of lives.
My whole body itched, first my right shoulder, then the backs of both knees, then my balls, then the bottoms of my feet. For some reason, I always resisted scratching an itch, thought I could will it away, but the itch didn’t care, it burrowed down through my skin through my bones into my blood, longer I left the itch, more I ended up scratching it, but I knew the itch was still there, waiting in my veins, ready to inject its venom into me.
Eventually I popped the door open with my foot, stumbled out of the car, sucked down gulps of humid air, a car passed in the distance, swerved over the double yellow line, swerved back, the driver threw a bottle out the window and it smashed on the asphalt. 
I dug into my pockets. I must have rolled onto the cigarettes at some point as they were crushed. I found one that didn’t look too bad, lay down on the car’s hood, lit up. The sky was clear, the stars were out that night, but I couldn’t see them with the parking lot’s flood lights, so maybe they weren’t there, maybe every sun in the galaxy had died and the rest of the universe was dark. 
It was a bit cooler outside, so I stayed on the car’s hood, passed out to the sounds of those bugs. I expected that by the time I woke up, they would have consumed the entirety of the lush forest, leaving only the skeletal remains of branches and leaves.

***

If you’ve never slept on the hood of a car, you’re not missing much.
I ended up with back pain and one of those hangovers that stays with you all day, lurks around your temples, makes you two steps slower, pierces your stomach lining. It’s an infection, it rots the soul and the mind, makes you swear you’ll never drink again, but then it pumps you full of amnesia and hours, days—a week at most—you’re drinking again with abandon, determined to erase all else. 
Work was pain, each transaction, each time I punched numbers into the lotto machine drained me. A co-ed from the local college insisted that I take an expired coupon for fabric softener, I said if you’re buying fabric softener you have enough money not to use a coupon, she said she didn’t, she needed the coupon to afford it, besides it was only three days past when it expired. John told me to take the coupon so I did, but only after an epic eye roll, which almost made me vomit. 
The red digits on the clock by the lighters teased me, took their sweet time changing. Because I was a masochist, I wanted it to be a clock with a noisy, old-fashioned tick tock that would rattle my brain and hammer home the length of every second. I swallowed painkillers like candy, drank cup after cup of black coffee, all to no effect, just more drugs to swim through my body. I ducked behind the counter every time I heard sirens, like I was a child playing hide-and-go-seek. I’d wait there til they faded away, my cheeks flushed with embarrassment, but I had no power to stop this habit, my body acted of its own accord. John didn’t seem to notice this, or at least he didn’t say anything. 
The one small mercy was that Lindsay didn’t stop by, I didn’t have the energy to deal with her. Instead I got the standard string of anonymous customers and regulars who treated me like a shit stain. 
This made sense, I felt like a shit stain.
Soon as I got home, ripped off my tie and collapsed on the futon, felt like it’d been left in the sun all day, my skin and hair clinging to the heat, kept shifting around this way and that, only making myself hotter in the process, thought about taking off my clothes, knew it wouldn’t help.  
Just as I would drift into sleep, I would startle awake—like I’d been shoved off a cliff, plummeting fast toward a shallow, fast-moving river.  
This happened three times. The last time, Slade pushed me.
I sat up in bed, unbuttoned my shirt, took off my belt, wriggled out of my pants, went to the kitchen.
I considered making coffee, my phone buzzed and shook the table. 
Mackey. 
“What do you want?”
“I’m freaking out.”
“I don’t care.”
“Why’d Slade do that? What the fuck is wrong with him?”
“How should I know?”
“Have the cops called you yet?”
“Have they called you yet?”
“No.”
“See?” I said. “Nothing to worry about. I have to go, I’m making coffee.”
“Why’d he do it?”
“How am I supposed to know? Have you asked him?”
“No.”
“That would be a good place to start, he would know.”
“But I don’t trust him.”
“Why?”
“Because he can’t trust us anymore.”
“Why?”
“No, no—listen to me. We all confessed one crime to each other, right? But now we know that he committed a second crime. We have an advantage over him. He won’t have that. He can’t have that. Soon as the cops are onto him, he’ll tell them all about us, he’ll go for the best deal he can get.”
“If everyone keeps things status quo,” I said, “we’ll be fine.”
“But what if everyone doesn’t keep things status quo? It’s bound to happen.”
“You break into any houses lately?”
“Don’t try to change the subject.”
“Did you stare at any attractive women? What about children? That’s really why you do it, isn’t it? You’re a pedophile, right?” I chuckled. Hurt my ribs. “You’re just like a charity—you’re doing it for the kids.”
“What? No! What are you talking about?” 
“Soon you’ll be one of those freaks who the state mandates to go door to door, telling people why—”
“Shut up!”
“Don’t sound so offended, you’re the one who started this whole thing, then when shit goes down—shit you started—you freak out like a thirteen-year-old.”
“All that was drunk talk—”
“You weren’t drunk, none of us were drunk, we couldn’t have gotten drunk that night.”
“Slade’s the one who fucked this up and you know it.” His voice was becoming unhinged, his grasp on reality tenuous, he was disappearing. “You didn’t see his eyes afterwards—nothing there, absolutely nothing—you want to know what? I got a newsflash for you, Simon—he’s a fucking sociopath, he’d kill both of us without even thinking about it, without feeling a goddamned thing.”
“He has no reason to.”
“He’d enjoy it.”
“He’s not going to do that.”
“And you—you’re worse—you sound like you don’t even care. Man, that makes less sense—at least he’s defending himself. You just don’t get it, do you? Things have changed—we could all be going to prison for a very long time, but you’re Simon, so you don’t give a fuck!”
“Nothing new.” I put a mug of water in the microwave. “Gotta go. Coffee.”

***

I was outside on a shift break a few days later, ripples of heat hovered over the asphalt. Business was slow. I lit one cigarette with the end of another, something I enjoyed doing very much. I only did this rarely, didn’t want to ruin it.
Officer Ron Maxson pulled up in his cruiser, parked diagonally across a handicap space, left the car running, the A/C on full blast, radio crackled now and again. I could talk to him and give myself away, or I could say nothing. Of course, that would be suspicious, too. I tired of considering options each more miserable than the other, each like a circling scavenger. 
“Why do cops always do that? It’s very obnoxious.”
He looped his thumbs around his belt. “Do what?”
“Leave their cars running. Why not turn it off, like everyone else?”
“Bad for the engine if you keep turning it off, turning it back on again.” He shrugged. “And I’m not paying for it.”
I stamped the cigarette out. Inside, I printed his two Powerball quick picks. He got his usual twelve-ounce cup of decaf coffee, one cream, three sugars, stirred and stirred it, almost thought he did this to needle me, even though I’d never said it bothered me.  
“Why were you on my block?”
“When was that?”
“Last Thursday morning.” 
He squinted, kept stirring his coffee, little piece of plastic ticking against the styrofoam cup.
“Seriously?” I said. “You don’t remember this? You had binoculars, looked right at me and waved.”
“Oh, yeah, that.”
“So why were you there?”
“Just passing through. Thought I’d stop by.”
“Is that a joke?”
“You know this store gets robbed every year?”
“Hasn’t been robbed yet this year.”
“That’s true, but just you wait. Too close to the interstate, ya know.”
“You didn’t answer my question. I wanted to know if your answer was a joke.” 
“Stats are bad for places like this. Not safe at all.”
“I didn’t pick the location.”
“Maybe five years back, you’re buddy Ning—”
“He’s not my buddy, an acquaintance at best—actually, I wouldn’t even say that, he’s just someone I work with, I’ve only talked to him on nine occasions, we have literally nothing in common other than working at this store.”
“Yeah, well, Ning took a bullet in the shoulder. Some young hood who got spooked.”
“Seriously?”
Maxson crossed his arms in that way cops do, they were certain about themselves, about their surroundings, about the way the world worked, so certain about everything, they could see out ten steps ahead. If I had a gun I would have shot him, but I didn’t have a gun so I stood there, not knowing if I should put my hands in my pockets or at my sides or on the counter so I kept alternating between all three, a couple of seconds at one, a few at the next. 
“If I recall correctly, Ning came back to work three weeks later. Those Orientals, they’re a hard-working bunch.” He sipped his coffee, put it on the counter, rubbed his palms together and clapped once. “How about one of those dollar scratch-off tickets? Feeling lucky today. Do you have any Springbucks?”
“Do we have any what?”
“You know, that lottery ticket with all the colorful butterflies on it. Springbucks.”
“We’ve never had that ticket.”
“No, I’m sure you did. Maybe it was just a seasonal thing.”
“You must be confusing us with a different store.”
“I’m not. You had it. Ask your boss there.”
“Fuck him, he never works the registers, how would he know?”
“All right.” He put his palms up like he was surrendering. “Just give me one of those cow tickets.” 
I ripped one off for him, a white ticket with black spots called More Moolah!, he paid, pulled out a nickel, smirked. “Will you guarantee it?”
“I guarantee that you’ll lose, like everyone who plays the lottery.”
No matter how many times I told people this, they never got it, they always thought they’d beat the odds, they thought they’re special, that the warning on the back of the card about the slim odds only applied to other people. 
The suspense lasted about ten seconds. His hunch about his luck proved wrong, one less thing for him to be certain about, though he wouldn’t see it that way, would he?  
“Nuts.” He crumpled up the ticket in his hand. “Say, don’t you and a few of your boys bowl down at Rip Van Winkle every Wednesday?”


FIVE


I wanted to tell him, tell him about the night five years ago, tell him about Wednesday, I didn’t feel guilty about any of it, but I wanted to tell him about how I found a tire iron in an alleyway walking home from work on a blistering cold night, felt its weight in my hands, waited for two hours behind a dumpster, wind chewing on my nose and ear lobes, making my eyes tear up, the odor of soiled baby diapers coating everything around me. He thought he knew about everything but he didn’t know about that. 
“Yeah,” I said. “We’ve been doing that for years.”
“You hear about the bartender?”
“Read it in the papers.” I crossed my arms, realized I was imitating him, then I didn’t know what to do with my hands, they seemed to dangle at my sides. Then realized I hadn’t read it in the papers, had the papers even covered it? Was it public knowledge yet? “Too bad. Nice guy.”
Words sort of stumbled out of my mouth, like my body rejected this pollution, forced it out into the air. 
Maxson nodded. I thought he might take a little notebook and a pen out of his back pocket, but he didn’t. “You fellas there when it happened?”
“No, sir.” 
That was the first time I’d called him sir, recoiled at the sound, how it rolled off my tongue with such deference.
He tapped the counter twice with his knuckles. “Whoever it was, you can be sure we’ll get ’em.”
“Okay. How about the guy who robbed us?”
He shrugged, flashed a smirk like he owned me. “Not so sure about him.”
He left. I took another smoke break two minutes later, messed up the ironclad schedule I had stuck to for years. I almost chewed through the filter, sweat pooled under my arms, kept thinking he would come back with more questions I wouldn’t have answers to. The sound of his mocking voice still rattled in my head, I wanted it out but there was nothing around to replace it.
I needed something to do, something to kill the seconds, minutes, hours that stretched in front of me. Summer was always slow but more so with the intense heat trapping people in their homes. Of course I hated customers, but at least they passed the time. I went to the back, rolled the mop and bucket out of the closet, wheels squealing with each step, soaked the mop in gray water, used the lever to squeeze out the excess water. John hated that the employees never changed the water, inevitably he would blow up at one of us, scream his ugly head off about how he was the only one who cleaned the store, that we had no respect for him or ourselves, then he’d break down and do it himself, shoulders slumped, vein on his neck throbbing, thrashing the mop back and forth until the store sparkled. Humans are so predictable, especially John.
I went up and down each aisle, mopping was a futile activity, you end up moving dirt from one place to another, sort of swirling it around. I tried to make little designs on the linoleum but it turns out that a mop isn’t a paintbrush, it’s just a mop. 
I wondered what Maxson wanted. He didn’t seem to consider me suspicious, then again he was a cop, he knew to play his cards close to his vest, he only let me know what he wanted me to know and why the fuck was he in front of my apartment building, he never said anything about that, left me to puzzle it out, left it to burn a hole in my mind. There was something to this, but I didn’t know what, I wanted him to end it now, didn’t want to consider the matter anymore, the idea of prison appealed to me, everyone making decisions for you, telling you where to go and what to do, that would happen anyway so why not get it over with. 
The floor was done, I still had two hours and fifty seven minutes left on my shift. I wanted to get out of my work clothes, my tie choked me, get off my feet, eight hours on your feet is too long. John used to let us have a stool behind the counter but he took that away about a year before because he was a heartless prick. We had stacked a couple of milk crates on top of each other when he wasn’t around. They were painful to sit on, the plastic dug into your ass, but they were better than nothing, I supposed.
I was putting away the mop, mulling over wiping down the surfaces, when Lindsay waltzed in. I hadn’t seen her in a couple of days, she looked good, a bit sunburned, little beads of sweat on her collar bone, at the edges of her tank top. 
She pulled her hair back into a ponytail. I realized I had neglected to jerk off for four days, strange how you can forget a thing like that.
I walked by her without saying anything, my reflection in the front windows followed me all the way to the front. I felt off-kilter, like a bubble was expanding in my chest, pressing organs against my rib cage, I was not in the mood for any of this.
She came up to the counter, smiled, she was a happy person, or at least a content person, the kind who the phrase “go with the flow” was made for, I imagined a swarm of locusts would not bother her, she would swim through them and continue her day. I didn’t know why I didn’t want to talk to her, or why I thought I could avoid it.
“How’s it going, Simon?”
“Good, good.”
Silence for a moment. “I’m splendid!” she said with false, charming enthusiasm. “Not that you asked. Say, you want to go get a drink some time?”
I rang up her fountain soda, blinked. “What?”
“A drink. Preferably alcoholic. You and me. And who knows, maybe more than a drink, maybe a movie afterwards and dinner with my parents and we’ll move in together and get married and have children—many, many children.” She paused. “You didn’t buy that, did you?”
“Uh, so does that mean you don’t want to have kids?”
“Ha! You’re a delight. So when do they let you out of here?”
“Five-thirty.”
“Then we drink at five-thirty.”
“Why? I mean, why me?”
She slapped my wrist playfully. “Because I need someone to drink with, you dolt.”
I ran my hand through my hair, exhaled, like I had something to think about even though I had nothing to think about. “Well, I mean, not really five-thirty, I have to balance my register once my shift is over, make sure everything checks—”
“Okay, five-forty.” She leaned in, smelled like coconut, must have been whatever she used on her hair or a body scrub, I wondered if she wore it for me though I doubted it, why would she ever do anything for the convenience store clerk. “I know you don’t have anything to do.”
I didn’t understand how she could possibly know that, must have been a good guess, in any event she was right, I didn’t have anything to do, never had anything to do. “Where?”
“Place across the street,” she said. “Whatever it’s called.”
“Okay, suppose I’ll see you there. Five-forty.”
Don’t know why I repeated the time, what a jackass thing to do, she had just told me the time, why’d I feel the need to repeat it like she was some idiot.

***

I arrived at the bar before her. I had snuck off my shift a minute or two early, jumpy even though I couldn’t imagine whatever relationship we had moving to anything beyond this. I ordered a bottle of domestic beer, sat in a booth, peeled off the label. I’d heard somewhere that that was a sign of sexual frustration so I tried to reaffix the label but it kept curling back.
She walked in a few minutes later. She hadn’t changed or put on makeup, that look worked for her, she knew the world would love her no matter what she did. She sat across from me and smiled, I may have smiled back. I didn’t think our rapport could translate to another venue and as soon as I saw her I deflated, unsure of why I was there in the first place, hoping that I could slip out the back or bleed through the floorboards.
“You didn’t get me a beer?”
“I don’t know what you like.”
“I don’t care” she said. “So long as you get it for me.”
I thought that was a weird request but figured that she couldn’t be interested in me for my money since I had no money, but if I did have money and that’s what she was interested in, that would have been fine. I went up and ordered her another bottle of beer, I didn’t want to get a pitcher, seemed like too much of a commitment, probably would make me look like a drunk, too, which I wasn’t, and even if I was, I wouldn’t want her to think that I was. 
Soon as I gave her the bottle she began peeling off the label, this made me want her more.
I said, “What do you do for a living?”
“Let’s not talk about that. It’s dreadfully dull.”
A couple of guys with long beards played pool nearby. They had huge stomachs and skinny limbs. They tried to demonstrate their manliness by striking the cue ball as hard as possible.  
“Are you from here originally?”
“No.”
I looked at our reflections in the mirror behind the bar and was repulsed. She was better looking than me, a lot better looking, anybody could see that, she must want something from me, what did she want from me, I had nothing to offer her, this made me want her all the more, like the spell would break soon and she would realize her error so I had to capitalize while I still had the chance.
I asked, “What are you thinking about?” even though I wasn’t interested in the answer.
She rocked her head back and forth almost like she was stretching and bit her lip, I wanted to rip her shorts off right there, knock the drinks off, shatter the glasses, screw on the table, didn’t care that other people were around, though I had no interest in exhibitionism, just didn’t care. “You’re always at work,” she said. “Always doing your job. You seem like a pretty straight arrow.”
“Do I?”
“You do.”
“What do you think, do you think I’m like that, always doing what John tells me to do, always doing what I’m told, never varying from the path?”
“No. Not exactly.”
“Then what do you think?”
“I think you’re afraid of something.”
“Like what? Drowning, something like that?”
She laughed, her laugh was good, musical and short and genuine, I realized that I often tried to make her laugh just to hear it and I hated myself for being this needy. “Not something that… concrete.”
“How would you know what I’m scared of? I mean, you come into the store a couple of times a week, we only talk a few minutes at a time max and always about the same subjects, you don’t know me that well, do you?”
“I don’t. But I would like to get to know you better. I think there’s more to you than there seems.”
“There seems to be little of me then?”
“Yes.”
“Then what would you like to know, I’m an open book.” I knew I had lied, wanted to grab the words out of the air, shove them back down my throat, force myself to swallow each one of them, make sure they stayed in my body forever. Instead I plodded along the same course, as I knew I would. “I will tell you whatever you want.”
She narrowed her eyes and now I had an erection pressing against my pants. I was glad I’d chosen a booth tucked away in a dark corner, I doubted anyone could see my lap, but I still found it uncomfortable. 
She said, “What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?”


SIX


I chewed a thumbnail for a good two, three seconds, swallowed the tiny, jagged bits, they stuck along my throat. I chugged half the bottle of beer, the alcohol flooded my brain, made me woozy, out of touch with the physical world for a couple of seconds. When I put the bottle back down, foam rushed up the neck, I stopped it with my palm but it leaked through, dribbling down the sides and onto the table. 
I flashed a little smile like, “Oops, how’d I do that?” but her expression didn’t change—fixed, intense—I coughed a couple of times into a wet fist, wanted to be dead.
“Why don’t you go first?”
“No. I asked you. Tell me.” She grabbed my wrist with both hands, her grip strong, she leaned over the table, stared—she knew, I had no idea how, but she knew, or maybe everybody knew, like I wore a sandwich board advertising the fact that only other people could see and I would have to explain it to anyone who passed by. 
“Worst thing you’ve done,” she said. “You have to tell me about it. I want every gory detail. Now.”
No one paid any attention to us, not the bartender, not the fat guys playing pool, not the barflies drooped over their glasses. I didn’t exist, not from their perspectives, maybe not from my own. 
It had taken me many years to realize I was a terrible liar, I assumed everyone lied and, therefore, everyone must be good at lying as they had continuous practice, but I had no line of bullshit to give her. My eyes bounced around, she squeezed harder, nails piercing my skin, her grip a python’s.
I spoke very low, sound barely escaping my lips, “What do you want from me?”
She let go.
Her eyes brightened and she laughed transformatively, laughed and laughed herself into a frenzy, veins in her eyes popping one by one, little bursts of red spider webs flooding the white. 
I jumped up, out the front door, back across the street, goddamned car wouldn’t start, engine refused to turn over no matter how much I coaxed it, I got out and walked, walked fast, fetched a cigarette from the pack, lit it, sun died but it stayed hot, kept walking, kept moving when I didn’t want to, went past my apartment, walked til the world became dark, her laugh echoed in my head, tinny and distant, yet right there, so close.

***

I woke up on the floor to the sound of my phone ringing, a fat, oily beetle not six inches from my head, floating over the carpet, feelers swiping at the air. I crushed it with an open palm, squished it til I was certain it had no more life, wiped the shards of its body on the oatmeal-colored threads of fabric. Room looked blue, still had my shoes on, sat up and untied them, my feet sticky with sweat, picked up the phone without bothering to see who it was.
“What time is it?”
Mackey cackled. “How the fuck should I know?”
“Because you’re the one calling me.”
“Time makes no difference, brother. Not anymore. Not since I can’t sleep. Not since everything turned upside down. Listen, I’ve got something to tell you. Something good. I’ve got an idea. One that will get us out of this mess. For good.”
“Then say it.”
“Meet me at the diner. Ten minutes. I’ll buy you coffee. And breakfast. Whatever you want, brother—you want that five-plate motherfucker with the eggs Benedict and the bacon and the Canadian bacon and the French toast and the hash browns, well, you go right ahead—”
“I don’t want that, tell me what you want and get it over with, you’re starting to piss me off.”
“Not over the phone, no can do, brother. What if they’re tapping my phone? I mean FBI, CIA, the cops, Homeland Security—they’re so many of them. The odds are at least one of them is tapping my phone. Or yours. Fuck, it could be both.”
“And why are you calling me brother?”
“See you there in ten.”
I thought about going back to sleep but that didn’t seem to be an option. Why the fuck Mackey would call me this early, what was running through his head, I had no idea, though he didn’t seem worried, the opposite, in fact, so I figured it wasn’t that the cops weren’t onto him or anything along those lines. I really didn’t like him calling me brother, didn’t know what was up with that, he was not my brother, nor I his, we just happened to be trapped together.
I had red streaks on my palms.  
Maybe I would tell Mackey about Lindsay. Maybe he would understand what she wanted, why she did this, what her stake in it was, how to stop her. 
And Maxson. Hard to decipher who was the bigger threat at this point, Lindsay or Maxson.  
I put back on the shoes I had just taken off, went to the kitchen sink, drank down a plastic cup of water, blew my nose with a dish rag. Blue digits on the microwave said it was six-thirty-one, early but not as early as I had thought, but it never was, time perpetually grinding me under its fist.
The diner Mackey wanted to meet at was a thirteen-minute walk, sidewalks were wet, slippery leaves and branches strewn everywhere but now the sun shone hot, the promise of an awful, steamy day ahead followed by another round of thunderstorms. 
I spotted Mackey through the front window of the faux-chrome wrapped restaurant. He raised a coffee cup as if toasting me, I didn’t respond, his newfound maniac cheeriness unsettled me, he could fuck everything up quickly. That is, of course, if it wasn’t fucked already, if everybody didn’t already know, if we weren’t mere hours, minutes, seconds away from being exposed. 
I sat across from him, ordered a coffee, insisted on paying for it, turned down his offer to share his chocolate chip pancakes slathered in butter and syrup.
He shoved a forkful into his open mouth, molars grinding away at the spongy mass. “Suit yourself.”
The waitress poured my coffee without looking at the cup or at me, the coffee wasn’t hot even on the first sip. I noticed the diner was empty and wondered why, it was a terrible diner but all diners were terrible, what made this one different? Why did people scorn it? 
She poured a refill for Mackey, who licked his fingers. “Thank you, Linda.” She grunted, he returned to stuffing food in his face, I inspected a large thumbprint on the window, they say that every fingerprint is different but they’re actually all the same. 
I had drank two cups of the lukewarm coffee when Mackey wiped the crusty orange remains of the egg yolk off his lips with a napkin, tossed the napkin on the plate, and belched. “Damn, that was delightful. Pancakes were just a little bit runny, which is exactly the way—”
“You want to tell me why I’m here.”
“Right, brother. You’re here because I know how to solve our little problem. It’s a simple solution—so simple that it took me a long time to see it. Those are always the best solutions, of course. Not as easy to see as you might think. Takes a special kind of mind to see them, to understand how they work. They’re right there but—”
“What’s this problem that we’re solving?” 
“Are you serious?” He sighed, downed some coffee. “It’s like I’ve explained—when Slade gets caught, that motherfucker is going to flip on us in a second. He practically has to. I don’t understand how you don’t see that. It’s simple math. It’s the rational choice.”
“Who says he’s going to get caught?”
“He will. Eventually. You saw him the other day. He’s reckless. That bartender isn’t the last person he will kill—you can count on that.” Mackey tapped his head. “Doesn’t think before he acts.”
“So what’s this grand solution you’ve worked out?”
“We kill Slade.”
“You and me?”
“Yeah, you and me.”
“If he’s the psychopathic killer you think he is, why do you think we’ll be able to kill him?”
“I want him dead before he ever has the chance to kill us.”
I rubbed my eyes with backs of my palms. “How?”
“How what?”
“How do you want to kill him? You’re such a master planner, you tell me how we can kill him.”
“Hadn’t worked that out yet.”
“Really?”
He cracked his sticky knuckles one by one. “You’re forgetting about my skill set.”
“Your what?”
“My abilities. Shall we say.”
“You mean breaking into—”
“Shh! Of course that’s what I mean.” 
“So we can talk about murdering Slade in our normal voices but you get paranoid—”
He wagged a finger. “Don’t say it, Simon. I swear to God. Don’t fucking say it.”
“And let me get this straight, you think that by killing Slade, we decrease our chances of getting caught?”
“Without question.”
The waitress emerged from the back to refill our cups. Mackey made a show of talking about the Mets’ season, I rolled my eyes. The waitress might as well have been a zombie, she had checked out so long ago, now she wandered among the living, dust accumulating in her skull, she lived to leave her job at the end of each shift, but why, what could she possibly do after work, how could she find any satisfaction.
I put two dollars on the table. “I have to get to work.”
“You have two hours til work. I have a plan. What the fuck do you have?”
“A better plan.”
“Which is what?”
“To do nothing, to keep going to work, none of it ever happened, we don’t have to suffer for this, we don’t have to be martyrs.”
Mackey stood, nodded, picked up the ceramic platter that the pancakes had been on and threw it down hard. The platter exploded, little white shards scattered across the linoleum like shrapnel. 
“What’s it going to take, Simon? What’s it going to take?” 
He threw down another plate that still had a couple of sausage links on it. Threw a container of sugar at the window, it bounced off, missed my head by inches, skittered across a tabletop and crashed to the ground.
“What’s it going to take for you to wake the fuck up!”
He threw down my coffee cup and saucer, then his, then flipped over tables and chairs, made a tremendous, metallic racket, the whole time shouting: “This is your wake-up call! Wake the fuck up, Simon! Wake the fuck up!” 
I figured it was only a matter of time before the waitress or the cook or the manager came out from the back and kicked Mackey’s ass or called the cops or, I don’t know, did something, but it never happened. Mackey had planned it all out, we were following on a track, no way to break it, no stops ahead. 


SEVEN


He was right about one thing—I had two hours before work, two hours I didn’t know what to do with, as if time away from work was a problem I needed to solve. Once I got back to my apartment, I felt how that diner waitress must feel all the time, drifting from place to place without purpose, without any one thing seeming better than any other. Mackey had put me on edge like he always did and I never wanted to see another human being again, wanted to go out and buy a TV and an air conditioner, lie on my futon and watch whatever was on the TV preferably while the entire earth burned, Mackey and Lindsay at the center of the furnace, their screams drowned out by the dull hiss of the A/C.
I went out to the balcony, smoked cigarette after cigarette, flicked the butts into the bushes below. They never caused a fire, this disappointed me, must have been extinguished on the trip down or in the mulch. I didn’t shower, put on my uniform, walked to work slow, took a roundabout way through these neighborhoods I didn’t know, past yawning beige brick buildings, still arrived too early, drenched in sweat. 
Francine finished her shift, balanced her register, all while looking away from me, never acknowledging my existence with so much as a nod of the head. She was kind of a bitch, some people hate you for a reason, like you keyed their car or fucked their sister silly, other people hate you for no reason, and those people hate you more because it’s not what you’ve done but who you are that they hate.
John dusted the magazine rack with an abundance of care, same way one would build a ship in a bottle or conduct a symphony, not that I ever knew anyone who did either of those things, but that’s how it seemed to me. 
Any time I turned my head or wasn’t paying attention, I’d catch him looking at me, mouth twisted, eyes like two pinholes through a motel room wall. 
“What do you want?”
“Hm?”
“You keep looking at me.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Yes, you do, stop doing it, stop looking at me. It’s weird, it’s harassment, I’ll file a complaint with corporate, I swear to God I will, they’ll fire your ass in a second.”
“I’m not looking at you. You sound nervous. Everything is okay, isn’t it? Isn’t every little thing okay? You don’t have anything to be nervous about, do you Simon?”
“Nothing, I have nothing to be nervous about, you watch those goddamned security tapes every day, you tell me what I have to be nervous about, I do my job, I’m not stealing from you, I’ve never stolen from you, so I have nothing—nothing at all—to be nervous about.”
The hideous half-smile returned slowly. “Who said anything about stealing?”
I backhanded the take-a-penny tray off the counter, coins rained down, clattered on the tiles, rolled under all the racks. John monitored the insult to his precious store, sniffed, said nothing. He hid his reactions well when he wanted to, the half-smile a school yard bully still mocking me. My temper tantrum had changed nothing. I didn’t even feel any better, just worked up.
I went outside for a cigarette, found the pack in my pocket was empty, didn’t want to go back inside, considered taking a butt out of the ash tray same way I used to when I was hard up. Instead parked my ass on the curb, stared at a broken window in the abandoned office building across street, idly considered what the window’s story was, had someone thrown a brick at it to break in or were a couple of kids fucking around inside, one of them daring the other to smash it.
Five minutes passed, no one coming or going at the gas pumps. John poked his head outside and told me to come back in. I knew if I didn’t collect the change off the floor I’d be fired, no question, you can’t run any business with that kind of insubordination, even I knew that.
I spent the next seven minutes scooping change off the floor. It was more difficult than I thought it would be, the coins had reached all corners and they kept slipping out of my hands, rolling far away under another rack. 
When I was done, my knees and hands were filthy and there was a line five customers deep at the register. One woman inexplicably dressed in a puffy jacket that went down to her ankles insisted Pump N Munch had a ninety-nine-cent special on gallons of milk. I said that was ridiculous, we hadn’t sold gallons at that price in the last decade, but she demanded that we honor our promise, prattled on about false advertising, about suing us, about things were different now than they used to be, people used to honor their promises. 
Where did people like her come from, how she clung to her ideas with such tenacity, how she remained so focused despite the absurdity of her claim. We screamed at each other in a routine way, our voices clashing high and meaningless, our hearts not really in it. John emerged from his office, rung up the ninety-nine cent price, went back, not saying a word. She still sniveled and swore as she left, but I could tell she didn’t hate me. Maybe she didn’t believe her own bullshit anymore, it was possible, no it wasn’t, who was I kidding, how could I even think that, who cared if she hated me, she probably hate me if she knew who I was. 
Slade materialized in front of me, smacked gum, pop pop pop, no light in his eyes. I don’t when he came in, must not have seen him, unless he entered through the back, he would know about that.
I said, “What are you doing here?”
“What are you talking about? What do you think I’m doing here?”
“I don’t know, that’s why I asked, that’s why people ask questions is that they want answers.”
“I’m getting gas, retard.”
“I mean, you never stop in here, this is out of the way for you and you hate it here, this is the first time I’ve seen you here since you quit and that was how long ago, plenty of other gas stations around, why stop at this one.” 
Slade reached over the counter and slapped my shoulder hard, I shrunk into myself. “Chill out. I’m just going for a drive. Getting away from the wife and kid for a few minutes, clearing my head.”
That was the first time Slade had mentioned he had family. I massaged my temples. “You come in through the back?”
“Yeah, that’s where I’m parked.”
“Thought you wanted to fill up? Why would you park around back?”
“Christ, you’re jumpy today. Was it that bitch that wanted the milk?”
“No, she does that every day, surprised you never saw her, feels like she’s been coming here for years, does the same thing every time, little routine we have.”
“John’s giving you shit, isn’t he?”
“Of course John’s giving me shit, that’s all he does, he’s a professional at giving people shit and he enjoys doing it.” 
Slade lowered his voice, smiled, his teeth a few shades too white. “Maybe we should give him the bartender treatment, eh?”
I didn’t say anything. 
Slade said, “Or maybe you should take a play from my book and quit, right? I mean, fuck this place. What’s this store ever done for you? All it does is take. And for what, minimum wage?”
“Yeah, for minimum wage, I need that money.”
“You should come work with me.” He opened one of the small coolers next to counter, pulled out a purple sports drink. “Financial sector’s where the money’s at. I could start you at six figures.”
Slade was always talking bullshit like this. Part of me wondered if he even had a job, nothing he did ever added up. “Why aren’t you at work?”
“Called in sick.”
“You look fine to me.”
“Who are you, my boss?” He opened the sports drink, took a swig. John came out of his office. “Speaking of the boss. How’s it going, Johnny?”
“That’s not my name.”
“Sure it is you dumb shit.” Slade went right over to him, put his arm around John’s shoulders, John wriggled, smiled weakly, already uncomfortable. Slade morphed the gesture into a headlock. I was pretty sure John couldn’t breathe. He struggled against Slade’s grip, made these squeaky, sucking sounds. “What’s your name again, Johnny?”
“John.” 
“Nah, that’s not the answer I was looking for.” He squeezed harder. John’s doughy arms flapped around. His face turned bluish grey. He tried kicking the back of Slade’s leg. Slade laughed at his impotence. “You don’t got much fight there, Johnny. All those years in that office back there made you soft. I could snap your neck from this position, you know, if I wanted to.”
He let go and John collapsed to the floor. Slade crouched next to him, wiped his nose with the back of his hand, slapped John on the back. “Just kidding. All good between friends, right Johnny?” 
Slade moved toward the door, gestured at me with the sports drink bottle. “And I’ll see you at bowling.”
“Are you going to pay for that?” 


EIGHT


The upshot of Slade’s visit was that it shut John up, rest of my shift he cowered in his office, probably watched customers come and go on the closed circuit TV. I thought it might be funny to steal cash from the register, see how much it would take to flush John out of there, but I decided it would be better to think about it, to imagine his reaction, how he would flip out, then I felt partly responsible for Slade’s bizarre display of aggression, and I tried to stop thinking, but that of course never works, the thoughts rattled around my brain the whole shift. 
I restocked all the cigarettes in the overhead display, amazing how many brands of cigarettes there were, must be a factory somewhere with the same tobacco, same rolling paper, same hard packs and soft packs, same foil, same cellophane, but with a different logo—a different fucking logo!—on the front, that made all the difference, made you feel like you were more than just another asshole on a march toward death. 
I concluded that Slade knew Mackey was planning to kill him. He wanted to know whether I was planning on killing him too. I wasn’t sure myself. I didn’t like the guy, didn’t trust him, didn’t want to see him living, but was I going to kill him? It was already determined, but I didn’t know. 
Or did I want Mackey to kill Slade on his own? I knew what that would mean, though, and I wondered if Mackey had figured it out too, the line of logic clear, unbroken, taut, he must understand what that would mean for him, what it would mean for the tenuous bond the three of us still had.
People came in for lottery tickets all afternoon, one after another, traded paper that had worth for paper with no worth, took it all very fucking seriously, played specific numbers, their daughter’s hairdresser’s dog’s birthday or the bar code on their favorite vibrator. I laughed at each and every one of them—with John in the office I figured I had carte blanche. Later I took a Leg Show off the rack, ripped off the plastic and started flipping through, no idea how these magazines still existed, had people not heard of the Internet? Must be a lot of old, horny people out there, they must be the ones who buy this shit, but we never sold it.   
I picked up the office phone, punched in Mackey’s number.
It rang and rang. He didn’t believe in a lot of things. One of those things was voicemail. 

***

My car still wouldn’t start so I walked home after my shift. I knew one of the regulars who ran a body shop would fix it for cheap, but I didn’t have money for that. I could get by without a car for a while, I had done it before. 
Maxson’s cruiser was outside my apartment building when I got back, parked and running as always. I thought about going around back but Maxson popped out of the car, shit-eating grin staining his face. 
“Trying to duck me there, Simon?”
“Why are you here?”
“Just in the neighborhood. Thought I’d swing by.”
“Again?”
“Yes, sir. Fine day out, isn’t it?”
“I hadn’t considered whether it was or not.”
“Say, you wouldn’t be ready to talk, would you?”
“About what?”
“Oh, I don’t know, any old thing.” He took two steps toward me, unholstered his gun in one fluid motion, and aimed it at my forehead. “You know what I think is funny?”
“No.”
“I think it’s funny how you’re alive one second and dead the next. You spend all this time living, breathing, eating, shitting, fucking, then all of the sudden,” he snapped his fingers, “you don’t do any of that ever again, for all of eternity.”
“Do you mean the generic you or me specifically?”
“Take your pick.”
“I’m not sure why you think that’s funny.”
“You wouldn’t, would you? People say I have a twisted sense of humor.”
“Who says that?”
“Says what?”
“That you have a twisted sense of humor, because you don’t, your sense of humor’s pedestrian, unremarkable, hardly twisted.”
“No one’s around here, are they?”
I looked up and down the street, at the broken glass and tires in the field behind the chain link fence, at the stray cat skittering from one dumpster to the next. Why was I giving him the satisfaction? Why was I playing along with his little charade? At every opportunity I had let him win, let him control me, go ahead Maxson, wave your gun around in my face, spin your bullshit line of questions.
“Ready to talk yet?”
“About what?”
He put his gun back in the holster. Spat on the hot asphalt. “Give it time. You will be.” 


NINE


Back in my apartment, called Mackey straight off, rang and rang and rang and rang, I paced one end of the room to the other, out on the balcony, Maxson still there in his idling car, back inside. Squashed an ant with my big toe, squashed another ant with my heel, grinding their miniature black bodies into the threads. 
Laughed at myself, little snort like, Good job, Simon, you tell those fucking insects who’s boss. 
More I paced, more nausea set in, more room spun, went off-kilter, reality on a lazy Susan, nothing in proper perspective. Thought I had a fever, touched my forehead, felt hot, but it’s hard to tell, was it hot in relation to my hand? Was I anticipating that it would be hot and therefore it was? I never touched my forehead unless I thought I had a fever, so was this how hot my forehead was normally? I raided the bathroom cabinets looking for a thermometer, went through a bunch of little drawers, bandages, cotton balls, an old, crusty tube of toothpaste, no luck. 
Peeked out the blinds, Maxson had left, but whether he was physically present at any given moment didn’t matter because I knew he would be back soon. It’s like he had antennae that had detected a slight disturbance in the atmosphere and he needed nothing else—didn’t need evidence, didn’t need a weapon, didn’t need to know what crime I’d committed, he simply knew, that was enough, I was good and fucked.
Or maybe not, maybe not, I was still in the game, he didn’t have anything, did he? 
Why else would he jam his gun in my face? He had nothing, that move screamed insecurity, he wanted to flush me out of hiding, thought he could intimidate me into talking just like that, seemed an amateurish choice, going right at it like that. If he wanted me, he had to work for it, do his fucking job, collect evidence, corner me, reveal each piece of evidence strategically, move in zigs and zags instead of straight lines, he had to do that, I had to make sure he did that. 
But maybe he was just having a few laughs at my expense, doing it because he could, because he knew I couldn’t do anything and soon enough he’d pull the rug out from under me. After all, wouldn’t an innocent man have become outraged at a cop pulling his gun on him? Definitely wouldn’t have stood there and taken abuse like I did.  
It became dark outside, not cooler, the air still thick as tar, I had paced myself into darkness. I considered calling Slade but Mackey was right, I didn’t trust Slade, couldn’t trust Slade. 
I changed out of my uniform. I didn’t know why I’d kept it on for so long, that was always the first thing I did when I got back from work was peel off my uniform and change into anything else that happened to be lying around, a flannel shirt, jogging pants, a stained tank top, didn’t matter so long as I could escape the clutches of Pump N Munch. I took a leak, combed my hair (this did nothing, strands of hair still popped out at random), splashed some water on my face, still I didn’t feel human, drifting from place to place like I wasn’t tangible.
I left my apartment. It’s difficult to realize how much you rely on a car til you don’t have one, then everywhere you go you wish you had a car to take you there so you don’t have to feel the journey. Bus wouldn’t be coming around again for almost another hour—I had just missed the seven-oh-two. 
I’d been on my feet for far too long, a full day at the Pump ’N Munch, pacing, then the two, three mile walk to Mackey’s place, my legs and heels sore, and again I dreamed of cable TV and air conditioning. That’s all anyone wants, isn’t it? They may claim they want world peace or justice or democracy or family or self-esteem, but what they want is to feel nothing, to feel nothing all of the time. 
Mackey’s building had a notice from the health inspector plastered to the door, building had been condemned, residents would need to evacuate by August 30, then it would be demolished. Place was a shithole—bed bugs, meth heads, windows that rattled in a slight breeze, month-to-month leases—but what brought it to the level of the health inspector I wasn’t sure. Certainly there were many other apartment buildings with similarly dreadful conditions that went right on existing, tenants and all, but Mackey’s building was somehow different, somehow deemed worthy of the health inspector’s valuable time. Maybe because of Mackey’s presence, they were condemning him as much as the building.
I climbed the three flights of stairs, each step complained, lights overhead buzzed and flickered, a baby down one of the hallways wailed and its mother screamed back, torrent of awful sound. I almost turned around but didn’t, kept putting one foot in front of the other and marching toward whatever.
I knocked on Mackey’s door. 
He answered, covered in blood, not quite his whole body, but his gray wife-beater was soaked, splatters on his jeans and his in his stubble and on his glasses. He looked at me like I was far away, his eyes failing to adjust to the light. He trudged back into his dark hovel without saying anything or acknowledging my presence.
I followed. Smell overwhelmed me, dug into my pores—metal, burned hair, rotten meat. I covered my mouth and nose, made it no more or less bearable, still waded through the mud of it, an odor that adhered to me, became part of me as I allowed it to take me in its clutches.   
Mackey flicked on a lamp. Slade was next to the couch, dead, still looked shocked about it, a lot of blood had pooled on the wood floors. A copy of the newspaper with a half filled out Sudoku puzzle was on the wood coffee table, appeared to be a difficult puzzle, only a few printed numbers, but Mackey was very good at these things, did them every day, and he was almost done. He would finish it, no doubt.
I scratched my head. Mackey looked out a window, gestured once or twice, not at me, not at Slade’s corpse, said, “Never liked him anyway.” Droplets of sweat dripped off his stubble, made a little pool on the floor, separate from the blood. He shook his head. “Don’t know why he came over here. I heard a knock at the door, thought it was you…” 
I didn’t say anything.
He snickered, sniffled, coughed, writhed around, odd motion like he was sleeping standing up, having a nightmare.
He snapped out of it, swiveled toward me, pointed. “Fuck you, Simon. You know what, fuck you. Fuck you good you piece of shit. You’re a slick fuck. You’re worse than Slade and me put together. Fuck you.” He wiped his nose with the back of his hand, sneezed loudly, sneezed again, wiped his nose on his sleeve, his allergies had always bothered him, had always become irritated at the smallest thing. He sighed, wiped his hands on his jeans, gunk out of his eyes, wiped that on his jeans too. “All right. Let’s drag him into the tub. I figure we’ll chop him up in there.”
“Okay.”
Mackey took him under the shoulders, I took his feet. Slade was very heavy, he was a big guy as it was, now he was dead, which made him heavier, or so I had heard, maybe I had read it somewhere, but if you asked me where I had read it, I would have no idea, could have been anywhere, could have been the back of a sugar packet or in a newspaper or an encyclopedia, information was a scam anyway so what difference did it make where I read it. 
We had to stop twice on the way to the bathroom. Mackey breathed hard, doughy chest expanded and contracted, expanded and contracted, mustache coated in a thin sheen of sweat. I had trouble too, it was hard work, lifting him into the tub was particularly cumbersome, but Mackey had a much harder go of it than I did. This made me feel like I was in shape, that I was a fit person, I laughed at how easily I deluded myself, bought my own bullshit. Mackey asked what I was laughing at, how the fuck could I find this so funny what kind of sick fuck was I, how did he have friend who was such a sick fuck, he thought he picked friends better than that, and I said nothing, it was nothing, joke from a sitcom I’d heard. I had some manners, I didn’t want to make him feel bad. 
We dropped Slade in the dry tub, he made a wet smack, his head thwacking against the faucet. It didn’t split open but I thought it might, like a rotten orange filled with maggots. Mackey collapsed on the tile floor, rested his head on the edge of the tub, put his hands over his face. He may have been crying or hyperventilating, but if he was, he did so quietly and with more dignity than I thought he possessed, though I often underestimated people.  
I went to the kitchen, selected a large knife. If I had asked him about it, Mackey would have known it was the only course of action, every calculation led to this conclusion, but he was distracted, lost in thought, winding his way through his little plans, those narrow tunnels he frequented. When I returned to the bathroom, he was standing straight with hands on hips, staring at the toilet. Water gushed from the faucet, filled up the tub fast. Was he actually considering flushing Slade’s body down the toilet? I felt I had heard of that once on Dateline or something, but it would never work, we would need more equipment, equipment neither one of us understood, or we would need to fold his body over and over again in impossible ways.
He was starting to turn around and say something when I stabbed him below the shoulder blade. His left shoulder blade, if I recall correctly, I still get confused when I try to think about right and left from someone else’s perspective, doesn’t come naturally, like breathing underwater, but considering I’m right handed, it must have been his left shoulder blade as I moved across my body and stabbed his.
He fell to the floor, flopped around, tried to reach around and grab the knife, a brave and stupid move—he only pushed the knife in farther, I thought it might pop through the other side like he was a piñata. This would have made me laugh, but it didn’t happen, and I didn’t laugh. His glasses fell off. I tired of the pathetic display so I stepped on his throat, hard, just like I’d stepped on those ants. I looked at the dirty grout between the tiles in his shower, the shaving cream can with the rusted bottom, the mildew-covered opaque shower curtain, same kind as I had at my place you could buy for one-ninety-nine at Wal-Mart. We were similar people, really, same person save for a few artificial differences. 
I was considering whether we used the same brand of toothpaste when I noticed he was dead.
I washed my hands, turned off the water, tub about half full, water sloshing around, refusing to calm down. Inspected my body, didn’t see any blood or any marks. 
I went to the kitchen, rooted around in the fridge, not much in there, a ripped open package of boloney growing a beard of mold, quarter of a loaf of white bread, tall jar of olive juice, four cans of beer. Grabbed one of the beers, popped it open, lukewarm and skunky. Picked up that Sudoku puzzle off the coffee table, made notes on the side of what numbers each square could possibly be, but not getting anywhere, ran over the options for each column over and over again, til I had tread the ground bare, still feeling Mackey was one step ahead of me, he could’ve finished this puzzle in no time, might have even been working on it when Slade stopped by. 
Mackey’s wallet was on the table, hulking thing filled with sandwich shop cards, receipts, old photos of people I didn’t know, post-it notes with reminders to buy milk or pay bills, and ninety-seven dollars in cash. 
I put the puzzle and the cash in my pocket, drained the beer, left through the front door.  


TEN


Down the stairs, out the front door, ducked into an alley next to Mackey’s building, rained hard, homeless guy saw me but I couldn’t imagine the cops talking to him, him describing my features, saying I walked by at seven-twelve p.m, that I wore jeans, black sneakers, a faded white t-shirt, no jacket—no, I couldn’t picture him doing that. I went through a small park, down the muddy trails, branches clawed at my face. I was soaked, cold, breathing shallow and strange, slight whistle through the nose, sinuses clogged with fluid. I wanted this to be over but I had made sure it would never be over, that it would follow me around like a slimy trail follows a slug, and I would never speak with another human, drift through life like a poisonous gas.
Kept my pace steady as a metronome, sidestepped the weeds and cracks in the sidewalk, headed uptown on a zig-zag route, one block up, two blocks over, kept repeating the pattern—one block up, two blocks over—established a rhythm, held it steady. I passed the exhausted apartment buildings and closed shops, slopped through the puddles, nose running every moment, would wipe with the back of my hand only to have to do it again seconds later, eventually just pressing my sleeve against my nostrils, plugging them to absorb the free-flowing snot. 
Reached a dead mall uptown at eight-eighteen, scuttled in through the automatic doors, a rat into a sewer drain. Rode the escalators up and down, up and down, comforted by their slight, metallic whirring, their perpetual motion toward nowhere, their ceaseless, directionless efficiency. Only one there to stop me was a mall cop, but he rode by on his Segway, looking, looking, but never stopping his rounds, continuing the routine of his job as he knew it.
I tried to recall all the stores that had been in the abandoned spaces around me. At one time this had been a regional mall, serving five surrounding counties. Families poured in by the thousands every weekend—now the penny fountain was dry, coral tile cracked and dusty, brass trimmed planters brown with decay. The anchor had been a Macy’s, then there was a Modell’s Sporting Goods, a CVS across from a B. Dalton’s, an Orange Julius next door to a Mrs. Field’s. 
There had been a hobby store kitty-corner to the B. Dalton’s with model train sets and board games and remote-controlled airplanes. An old man whose bald head was covered in liver spots used to run it, but I couldn’t remember the store’s name, this seemed a bad thing to forget. I imagined the bubbly font on the sign, only a random jumble of letters appeared, a code I had to crack but with an answer that would mean nothing. I spun around and around looking for that security guard, he would certainly remember its name, he would be thrilled to talk to someone, anyone, about any subject, but he was nowhere. 
Where were the open stores? The mall wasn’t locked, it had a security guard, they must have had a couple of open stores tucked away somewhere, shielding themselves from the inevitable, hiding from the decay surrounding them, as if they clumped together they could survive on each other’s warmth. I walked carefully avoiding the lines that separated black tiles from white tiles, kept catching reflections of myself in the dark store fronts, growled at them. Where were the open stores with their bored clerks and their short hours and their hodge-podge of merchandise and their scent of impending death? I wanted a job at one of the stores, always had, seemed romantic, crew members descending with the ship into icy depths, few faithful in a world of unbelieving. But how could they hire me if I couldn’t even find them.
I stopped at the center of the mall, at the crossroads where Macy’s once stared at Younkers, and now nothing stared at nothing, light overhead flickered on and off a couple of times, buzzed, went dark. Silence swooshed around in my ears, in my clogged sinuses, around and around and around and around. At one time this was a bustling center of activity, people ascending and descending the escalators, avoiding bumping into each other, rushing in and out of shops, all day the hum of humanity pulsating in the core of this place, then evaporating, embracing nothing.
Standing there I got to thinking about it and I didn’t want to think about it knew I had to think about it—what was Ron Maxson doing at that very moment? Was he at home, feet up on the recliner, Cold Case on the TV, can of domestic beer in hand, wife in the adjoining room talking to her sister on the phone? Was he at the police station catching up on paperwork? At the Pump N Munch picking up his decaf coffee? And would he watch Cold Case? Does a cop go home and watch cop shows? 
Or was he in front of my apartment building, whistling tunelessly, waiting with a pair of handcuffs and a squeaky-clean smile. 


ELEVEN


He wasn’t in front of my apartment building. Didn’t matter if he was there or he wasn’t there, he would be soon, or he would be at the store, he would find his way to find me. I didn’t want to admit, but I knew it, just like Mackey knew about Slade, I knew it. 
I closed the door to my unit, locked the deadbolt and the door knob and the latch, looked out the peephole, bland carpet, nothing walls, nothing. Realized I had a cigarette dangling from my lips, wondered how long it had been there, seemed stuck to my bottom lip, struck a match, inhaled deeply, sneezed myself into a cloud of smoke. Turned and leaned against the door, slid down til I was sitting on the floor, as if a weight had pressed me down.
What if I was the one who had put us on a track—the thought momentarily thrilled me, that I would be in control. I had assumed it was Mackey or Slade or Maxson calling the shots, but it was possible that it was me and I had, after all, come out ahead, snuck by without paying the toll. Then I was disgusted, why would I have chosen this track, if I had, how did I not know it, didn’t that prove that I had no control at all? 
Of course, this exercise was childish, laughable. Mackey was the one who talked at the bar that night, the one who freaked out, ruined our pact. He just didn’t think multiple moves ahead, didn’t understand where this would lead him. 
Still didn’t completely buy this line of logic, it didn’t flow the way I wanted it to, steps seemed to be missing, the parts didn’t equal the whole, there was some factor I’d failed to consider, I always failed to consider. 
Blue digits stood against the dark—did calculations in my head, nine hours and five minutes til I had to be at work. Couldn’t imagine going into the sterile coldness of the place, John’s cleaning products searing my eyeballs, ceaseless stream of awful customers, drone of freezer in the back. A headache seeped in, rubbed my temples, it did nothing except, like everything else, gave me something to do.
I turned on the lights, squinted, plodded to the kitchen, riffled through the cabinets, took a jar of peanut butter and a spoon over to the futon, turned on the TV, late-night host bantered with a woman with nice legs. I kept looking out the window, lights in the parking lot illuminating fat drops of rain, once in a while I’d get up, look outside, up and down the street, didn’t see Maxson’s car, not yet but soon. 
Half the jar of peanut butter was gone and I was disgusted with myself, felt like all my organs stuck to one another, my body a gelatinous mass. Late night morphed into infomercials at some point and I drifted in and out of little fits of sleep, had dreams of Mackey eating a live chicken with a fork and knife, the bird screaming as it was torn apart, Mackey separating the tendons with his incisors, rivulets of blood dribbling down his chin, tongue slithering out to lick it up. 
Then he’d scream at me to wake up, Simon, wake the fuck up. 
I filled up a glass of water at four seventeen, drank half of it and dumped the other half on my head, first time I’d felt human in hours. Put on a pot of coffee, abandoning the charade that I was going to go to sleep, no, I wanted to be alert, ready.
But ready for what?
Skipping town, at first, seemed the best option. I wouldn’t have to go to work, wouldn’t have to see John, or Maxson, or Lindsay, that was very appealing. Beside the whole thing fit—leaving in the middle of night, switching out license plates, ducking in and out of cheap motels under a false name. Maybe the cops would pursue me, but maybe not, might take them a while to find Mackey and Slade, put together the pieces, by that time I’d be far away. But I had no money, didn’t know how to elude law enforcement, car was in the shop—and if anything would make me look guilty, it would be running away.
Pictured it right then: I was in a motel bed damp with humidity, middle of the night, three insistent cop knocks at the door. I sprang out of bed, wasn’t really asleep anyway (prey animals don’t sleep), scrambled, desperate to slide the bathroom window open, but it doesn’t budge, cops bust in, Maxson leading the way, that friendly smile plastered to his face.  
Sickening. All of it. 
I could confess, go to Maxson right then, tell him every detail. What power would he have then? By forfeiting, I would refuse to let him play the game out to its conclusion, refuse to let him chase and catch me, deny him the pleasure of watching me flail around like an earthworm on a hook. 
Who was I kidding? Confession was exactly what Maxson wanted—he wanted it when he shoved that gun in my face and he wanted it now. This wasn’t a game to him, it was a job, and no one wants to do more than the absolute minimum for their job.
Or I could go to work, keep my nose down as they say, lie low as they say, mind my own business as they say. Maybe there was no cause to change wholesale right at this moment, no impetus for drastic action, nothing sufficient to overcome inertia. 
I was on a track so what difference did it make what I did or didn’t do, the destination would be the same.


TWELVE


My goddamn phone woke me up at seven forty-nine. I was oddly aware of how loud I’d been snoring moments before, sun screamed through the open blinds, brought sheets of dust hanging in the air to life.  
John was calling, wanted to know where I was, how I could possibly be this late, wanted me to know he’d been covering the register (a task he despised as it dragged him down to my level), wanted me to know that if I didn’t show up soon I should consider myself fired (a hollow but somehow effective threat).  
I pieced together my uniform, stared at it for quite some time, put it on, felt foreign and ill-fitting, like someone else had been wearing it for years and I’d picked it up from a thrift shop. I downed room temperature coffee, tasted awful as I’d expected, and left without looking in a mirror. Thought maybe I could pull this off, maybe I could return to my life if I just didn’t blink, if I stayed on the spot where I was, if I stayed very still, then they would stay away from me—Maxson, Lindsay, John, all of them.
I got to work one hour and thirty-three minutes late, considered whether this was a new record, decided it couldn’t have been as I’d missed whole days in the past, those had to count for something. When I say “got to work” that’s inaccurate, I was actually across the street from work, smoking, peering in through the Pump N Munch’s windows, assessing the scene. All looked clear. Drunk Howard buying forty ounces of Olde English and a stack of lottery tickets, chattering on at John who looked proper pissed to be knee-deep in Drunk Howard’s stank—dirt and liquor-tainted sweat. 
I stepped off the curb when I saw a figure at the fountain soda machine turned around.
Lindsay. Talking to Maxson.
She appeared thinner than last time, cheekbones and clavicle jutting out at odd angles, but how long ago was it I last saw her, three days ago? Four? Longer? No clear answer surfaced, the memory fragile, sepia-toned, its edges curling, its core rotting, I tried to grab it, greedily, and it crumbled, got swept away by the wind. 
Maxson stirred cream and sugar into his coffee, kept stirring and stirring as he always did. Lindsay was talking, gesturing with her hands, he laughed, more than a polite chuckle, even stopped stirring for a second so caught up in his reaction. 
Scenarios blazed through my mind, messily stacked themselves one on top of another—Lindsay was, or always had been, an undercover cop, or maybe just someone Maxson paid a hundred bucks to rattle my cage, or he was hitting on her, they were both at the Pump N Munch every day, Maxson seeming like the type who got some on the side, her much younger but that was what he wanted, or this was the first time they were talking and it was about nothing, absolutely nothing, just sound, just two people happening to collide in a small space, or Maxson had kept closer tabs on me than I thought, knew about Lindsay and me, figured he’d poke around, see what she knew. 
Car horn blared dissonant, made me stumble a step back. Realized I was standing in the middle of the road, right on the double yellow line. Fat woman with giant sunglasses leaned out the window. 
“Get out the way, crazy!”
“Give me a minute,” I said. “I have to process a few things.”
She laughed, sounded like gun fire, arm fat jiggling. “Hell no!”
“Why?”
“What do you mean why?”
Cacophony of horns and screams and the intense heat pulsing off the pavement made it difficult to think. “I mean, why can’t you wait a minute, why are you in such a hurry?”
“Got places to be!”
“That doesn’t mean anything.”
She honked twice, once short, once long.
I said, “Where are you going?”
“Why the fuck do you care?”
“If you’re going somewhere important, I’d return to the sidewalk and let you pass.”
“Goddamn. Why I always got to draw the freak card?” She rolled her eyes. “I’m seeing my momma. She’s in the hospital.”
I tired of standing, that’s what I did all day at the Pump N Munch, so I sat on the car’s hood, metal was hotter than I thought it would be, burned right through my shorts, but I stayed there anyway. “I don’t believe you. That’s a stock lie, ‘My mother’s in the hospital.’ Just tell me what you’re actually doing.” 
“Why is that any of your business?”
“Because I want to know.”
“Get off my car!”
I noticed Lindsay had left the store, she’d fired up a cigarette, dangled a foot over the curb, looked this way and that. She seemed lost in her thoughts, didn’t seem to be paying any attention to the little scene playing out in front of her. She looked delicious, every part of me wanted her. Maxson was still inside, bullshitting with John who was fetching him lottery tickets.
I lit a cigarette and the woman revved the car’s engine, roar of it catching me off guard.  
“You move or I move, your choice!”
“You want a smoke?”
“That’s it!”
She hit the gas pedal. I rolled off, hit the pavement hard.
Fat woman yelled and cackled at me as she swerved around me and sped away, smell of burned rubber rising off the road. A bunch of cars passed, all honking and screaming at me as if I’d fucked their children when all I’d done was mildly inconvenience them. 
I stood up, dusted myself off. I’d bruised a shoulder, scraped inside of my wrist.
Still had my cigarette going.


THIRTEEN


I had thirty-six new voicemails, all from John, variations of, “Where the fuck are you, Simon? I’m sick and tired of covering your shifts. This is your last chance, understand? After this, that’s it—you’re on your own. I’ve warned you and warned you, but you still think you can do whatever you want and get away with it. Well, I got news for you, buddy, you can’t.”
Strange, every time the phone rang, for a split second I’d think it was Mackey calling.
Don’t know what John wanted, don’t think he cared whether or not I showed up. He called to scold me, parade around his martyrdom and superiority, not having any idea what was going on, hiding in his tiny world. Mackey was dead but really I wanted to step on John’s throat, see his grotesque little mouth struggle to find air, see him aware he was on his last breath, preserve that moment, hold it close. 
I holed up in my apartment, lived off cigarettes, frozen pizzas, malt liquor, daytime TV, days blending and mixing with one another like an incestuous family. I received my paycheck on Thursday, realized this would be the last time I could pay rent, figured that I would have that month, then the next month when I didn’t pay they’d take my security deposit instead, so two months. I could use whatever cash I had left over to scrape by, cancel the basic cable, take cold showers, live in the dark, but once I stopped paying my rent, how long would they wait to evict me? Couple of weeks? Would they let a whole month go by? I wanted to see how the company would handle it, they must have had some policy for this very situation, but what it was I might never know. 
Didn’t matter, I would figure something out before then, I had to. Maybe I’d sell the car, I could probably get a few hundred for it, that was a start. Or I’d find work, odd jobs, anything under the table, out of the public eye.
But I was deluding myself, wasn’t this as suspicious as leaving town? 
How had the cops not knocked on my door yet? Or called me? 

***

I bought the papers every day, scoured through the pages of city council meetings and little league games, breathed every time I didn’t see my photo, then instantly understanding that this reaction was false, knowing what the endgame would look like long before it arrived. I’d lay out the newspapers in order on the table to reconstruct the time that had passed. Even the guy at the newspaper stand must knew something was up—never bought newspapers from him before, not once, then I’m buying two papers every day, opening ’em right in front of him. All he had to do was make one call to the crime stoppers line, he’d be a thousand dollars richer and I’d be on my way to prison. 
Four days go by, nothing.
Fifth day it’s there, front page, above the fold in both papers.
I put down the buck-fifty as slowly and evenly as I possibly could, pretended to change my mind at the last second, grabbed a pack of spearmint gum. The newsstand guy didn’t pay attention to any of it, coughed up a wad of mucous and gulped it down, said it would be another sixty cents. Dug that out of my pocket, thanked him, left, suspicion clinging to me like thick syrup.  
Soon as I reached my building, ran to the elevator, four people inside, recognized none of them, every sound they made—sniffle, twitch, clear of the throat—shook me, swarmed my mind, a catchy jingle I couldn’t be rid of. Kept switching my weight from one foot to the other foot, sweat running down my back, into my boxers, warmth making me think I’d wet myself right there, somehow I didn’t find this embarrassing, didn’t care.  
Unlocked my door and ducked inside, read both articles standing up. 
Two Men Found Dead in Apartment with the subhead Police Say Foul Play Suspected.
Article in the Chronicle was poorly written, repetitive, short, didn’t even jump to the inside of the paper. Police hadn’t discovered the two bodies til Wednesday morning, two days after the fact, and they weren’t commenting on how they died. Nothing about the knife in Mackey’s back, nothing about Slade’s corpse in the bath tub.  
The Post’s story was remarkably similar til the last paragraph.
Sgt. Ron Maxson said police suspect that this case is tied to another recent murder. However, Maxson declined to provide further details.  
I threw the paper across the room—rather, I tried to do this, instead it just sailed a few feet, fell to the carpet noiselessly, circulars still trapped inside the front section. I hit the wall, slid to the ground, body felt liquid, like if I didn’t watch it I’d ooze out under the door, seep into the baseboards. 
Fumbled for a cigarette, brought it to my lips, didn’t light it. Maxson, Maxson, Maxson, I said, he’d been toying with me along, in the back of my mind always knowing this, couldn’t admit it, couldn’t counter attack. 

***

Out on the balcony in just my boxers, drowning in the humid air, flicking the filter-end of a cigarette, ash kept clinging to the tip didn’t want to go, not yet. Maxson’s car wasn’t there, like he’d known I’d read the article and that was enough. He was a sociopath, wanted me to die by a thousand paper cuts, played this game without any effort, leaving me to waste all I had.
I took a drag, ash descended on its own, considered jumping off the balcony to the parking lot sixteen stories below. Considered might be a strong word, the thought creeping around, not fully presenting itself. Mused might be more accurate.
And jumping, well, that’s ridiculous, it’s not like I’d have run and vaulted over the railing, plummeted to my death, doubt I was even capable of that, capable of anything. 
What I mused about was standing on the railing, teetering up there for a moment, staring at the dark clouds so full of rain, ready to burst…
Letting go. 
Falling.
Would my stomach climb up my rib cage into my throat, strangling me as I rushed toward the ground? Would I open my eyes and see the faces of the other tenants flashing by, their faces pressed to windows, eyes hungry for spectacle? 
Or would I never make it that far—would I be that attention-starved asshole who stood up there til the fire department showed up and a crowd gathered round, only to chicken out, listen to the half-hearted attempts to persuade me off the railing, everyone actually wanting me to jump to see if I splattered?
If I did do it, would the company that owned the building charge full rent for the month? Probably, I said to no one, they would do that. Though they would find no one to pick up the tab and that made me smile. 
Still, seemed as viable an option as any, seemed to lead me to the same place, the time I had left seeming more finite each day, more narrow, a rat’s maze fashioned by a sadistic scientist, every path leading to a wall. Leaned over the railing, metal scorching my bare stomach, vertigo smacking my face, pavement below rushing up to meet me, body screeching to go back, mind whispering to jump. 
Backed away, don’t know why, I was a coward, couldn’t even bring myself to toy with it in any legitimate way. 
Wind blew up my boxers into a tent, made me regret leaving my bathrobe on the floor. I opened the sliding glass door, back inside, kicked the newspaper out of the way. 


FOURTEEN


Showered for the first time in eighty-nine hours, layers of grime swirled around the drain, heat massaged grease out of hair, stood in the water til my skin became prunish. I put on the last clean clothes I owned and shelled out seventy-five cents to take the bus. 
It was Wednesday. 
Bowling night, of course.
The league bowlers had already left when I got there, place was near empty. Considered bowling alone, stood near the counter for a while, watched two hulking bald foreigners roll one after another in silence, going about the enterprise as if they were pallbearers at a dignitary’s funeral. 
An old man sat at a table by the lane farthest away, didn’t appear aware of anything, head drooped, morsel of saliva hanging on to his lip. He startled awake, stared at me, narrowed his eyes, grunted. He raised one finger, slashed it across his throat, jutted his chin out at me. 
Then he fixed his gaze straight ahead on nothing, folded his crooked hands on the table.
I went to the bar.
Our table was empty, conspicuously so I might add, chairs at odd angles, looking exactly the way we left it last time.
Jukebox was silent, replay of the New York Rangers 1995 Stanley Cup win on TV. New bartender was a woman in her forties with the wrinkles and brittle hair of a seventy-year-old, gold name tag with black letters, MARGOT. Last guy never wore a nametag.
I said, “Good evening, Margot.”
“What do you want?”
“Scotch and soda. No ice.”
“’kay.”
She made the drink in front of me, added a generous helping of Scotch. I got the impression that she’d never tended bar before, each movement vague, lacking direction.
I said, “You new?”
“Yeah.”
“What happened to the last guy?”
“He got shot.”
“Oh.”
She pointed. “Right out there.”
“Say, what was his name again?”
She shrugged off the question. “I just got hired three days ago. Don’t even have my license to tend bar yet. Assistant manager was filling in before me—he didn’t know what he was doing either.”
She placed my drink on a little mat, this was a good change for the bowling alley. They needed a bartender who paid attention to the work, though her voice had an unpleasant twang.
“That’ll be six-fifty.”
I put seven dollars on the counter, said she should keep the change, pained me to waste cash like this, but it was bowling night.
“I killed a guy,” I said. “About five years ago.”
	
***


Acknowledgements

I'd like to thank all the great writers and editors I've had the pleasure of working with: Pablo D'Stair, Steve Weddle, Christopher Grant, CJ Edwards, Jim Harrington, Paul D. Brazill, David Cranmer, Alec Cizak, Jason Michel, Cindy Rosmus, Katherine Tomlinson, Court Merrigan,  Fiona Johnson, and Eric Beetner. Special thanks to Nigel Bird and AJ Hayes, who helped me with this manuscript and innumerable short stories.


About the Author


Chris Rhatigan is the editor of the crime fiction site All Due Respect (all-due-respect.blogspot.com) and that publication's anthology. He is author of the short story collection Watch You Drown, published by Pulp Metal Fiction. He talks short fiction at Death by Killing (death-by-killing.blogspot.com) 

