
The Poem Store
Angie McCullagh


Copyright © 2013 by Angie McCullagh

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
Table of Contents
1. Motel Queen
2. Beyond the Margins of Sanity
3. The Governor’s Wife
4. Just a Man
5. The Wait
6. Away
7. Bad Eggs
8. The Mating Habits of Fireflies
9. Good Men
10. Weary of You
11. Undertake Me
12. Esther
13. Saving Eliza
14. Full Moon
15. A Thousand Times
16. How A Girl Grows
17. Prune
18. Michael Jackson is Dead
19. The Poem Store
Motel Queen
The sheets were jumbled. It was a jumble Mona knew well. Not the tangle of someone who had stayed awake all night, flopping around like a dying trout. Nor was it the disarray of normal sleep, possibly bad dreams.
It was the derangement of two people who’d rolled around the bed and inserted parts of themselves into orifices of the other.
She knew that jumble. When she’d started at the motel 22 years before she’d had to strip many beds, wadding the sheets into a thick ball so she wouldn’t see more than she wanted to. Since then she’d passed that chore onto the maids.
Today, though, she was short-staffed and cleaning rooms one through ten herself. 
Despite the filthy sheets and snot blown into her white towels and hair strewn around the cool, pewter tile of the bathrooms, she didn’t mind being maid for a day. Or even several.
She liked the mindless toilet scrubbing, the washing of glasses, the restocking of small, wrapped bars of soap and tiny shampoo and lotion bottles. She liked working until she sweated, until tendrils escaped from her short ponytail and stuck to her neck.
She preferred it, really, to being at the front desk or even sitting in her office, balancing books and cutting checks and managing employee’s schedules. She thought, Why didn’t I insist to Manny that I keep cleaning rather than managing the place? There was something immensely satisfying about transforming a small chaos into smooth order so quickly.
Moving her cart between rooms, she felt moisture gathering underneath her breasts. Or, where her breasts used to be. It was hard to believe she’d ever complained about them. About their heft, about how they leaked when Kate and Jackson were babies and she was feeding them in her little office, about how one was larger than the other.
She knew she could get the surgery, have them reconstructed. Insurance would cover a good chunk of the operation. But it seemed unsavory to Mona, to be fifty-two and walking around with boobs like a twenty-year-old. Manny would probably go crazy, would want her braless all the time, would grab her in the vending room or as she was on the phone securing a reservation. Which wouldn’t be half bad, really. He hadn’t done anything of the sort in a long time.
Then there would be the issue of their bulk again. The aching between her shoulder blades would return. Though she supposed she could have them made little. An A or a demure B.
She stood sideways and looked at herself in a bathroom mirror that was splattered with toothpaste. Simultaneously, she wondered how someone could brush his teeth so vigorously that actual white foam flew from his mouth and how it would feel to wear a bra again. To feel the pinch on her shoulders, fabric that dampened in summer and never quite dried until she took it off at night and draped it over the headboard. If she were smaller, though, she could buy pretty ones–a little lace, a rosebud here or there.
She gathered towels and started in on the toilet, scrubbing with bleach. Then she moved to the shower, mirror, and floor. Finally, Mona folded the loose end of toilet paper into a triangle, which she thought was ridiculous, but which Manny instructed her to do because apparently customers felt they were using a dirty bathroom if the TP was not pointy.
Room ten was the last left to do. She parked her cart, knocked on the door, then unlocked it and went in, expecting the sourish smell of sleep and dirty sheets that had been closed up for several hours.
She always flipped on the bathroom’s exhaust fan first thing. As she did, she noticed a woman’s toiletries spread across the vanity counter. Mona thought, How odd. Well, I’ll have to gather it up and put it in the lost and found box up front.
She went for the bed, saw that the drapes were still drawn, which wasn’t unusual, but crazy, Mona thought, how people could move about a dim, artificially lit room, getting ready for the day and packing up, when the sun shone outside.
Then, lumps under the blankets. Lumps that were rhythmically moving–sighing and grunting.
“Oh,” she said and took a step back. She’d thought the person in this room had gone.
She flattened herself against the wall (not so hard to do now).
She knew she should leave, slip back out the door that was ajar. But she felt stuck to the wall, pasted there, like the paper speckled with small diamonds. From that vantage point, she could see what she assumed to be feet under the blankets as they flexed and turned. 
She extruded her bottom lip and blew upward, hoping to cool herself.
It would only take one moderately loud call of “Housekeeping!” and they would stop. Check out, after all, had been more than two hours ago.
She found, though, that she couldn’t. She could only stand and listen and watch.

Manny hadn’t touched her since the double mastectomy, despite Mona’s enticements. She’d worn shorty pajamas and offered to keep the top on and buttoned. She’d lain on her stomach and arranged her lower half into a pose she hoped he’d find inviting. She’d taken it all off and pretended she thought she was sexy, breasts or no breasts.
He’d said only, “Queenie,” which was short for Motel Queen, which he’d started calling her a few years before. “It’s just too…different.” Then he’d flipped on his bedside lamp and started reading Michigan Gardening.
Well, she thought, breathing as quietly as she could. Maybe once the scars faded a bit more, once they weren’t so ferociously pink.
The lump cursed, gave one final shuddering sigh, then lay still while Mona stared, unblinking.
Finally, it came apart, cleaving down the middle. The half that was male cleared his throat. The female snored quietly.
There was a rustling, the pulling on of clothes.
Mona’s heart tripped against her ribs.
The mattress springs groaned and the padding of heavy feet came toward her.
A man, at least six-and-a-half feet tall, with a large forehead and chest hair that burst from the v-neck of his t-shirt, appeared in front of Mona. He nodded a greeting.
Frantically, Mona mouthed, “Sorry,” and pointed toward the hallway where her cart waited.
He waved away her apology, rubbed the back of his neck and moved into the bathroom. He closed the door only partially while he peed and gargled.
She looked up at the framed print of a sunflower farm that had been in this room since she and Manny taken over the motel from a Polish family seventeen years before. The Polish family had decided to open a meat market down in Hamtramck. They were done with the motel business. The wife, Mariel or Matilda, said she couldn’t take the logistics anymore. Mona specifically remembered her saying, “It’s too damn much. I just want to sell Schnitzel.”
Mona guffawed (quietly) thinking of this now. For years afterward, whenever Manny wanted to make love, he’d say, “I’ve got some Schnitzel for you, baby.” And they’d laugh.
When the man emerged again, he smelled minty and soapy.
He pulled a shirt from the back of the desk chair and buttoned it to his throat. He tugged his sleeves, picked up a leather briefcase from the floor and walked out the door.
For a few moments, she was alone with the sleeping woman.
Then she scurried out, yanked her cart down to the maintenance room and went to the front desk where she punched a few computer keys.
April Silberman.
Mona remembered now. The tall, thin brunette who wore a white t-shirt, ripped jeans and fringed, suede boots. She’d had several canvas bags with her, as well as a tall metal contraption she explained was her tripod.
Her first credit card had been declined. Unabashedly, she’d dug around for a second and come out with one so beat up Mona was forced enter the numbers manually.
April had booked her room for three nights.
And she’d just seen April Silberman in the middle of the most intimate act, short of giving birth or having a bowel movement, a person can perform. Mona now knew what April Silberman sounded like when she had relations with a man. She knew the type of man she chose and that she fell asleep immediately afterward.
Huh, Mona thought. Huh.

Manny came in from the parking lot where he’d helped the Zeitmans, a stately, elderly couple, unload suitcases from the trunk of their small sedan.
He pushed the luggage cart past the lobby’s glass doors. Even from there, Mona could see his graying sideburns glimmering with perspiration, his chest puffing hard. 
The couple slowly followed, Mr. Zeitman holding his wife’s elbow, his lips moving sternly.
The Zeitmans had paid with a carefully stacked pile of twenty-dollar bills.
When Manny returned, he helped himself to a paper cup of water from the cooler underneath the always-on lobby television. The TV was tuned to a home makeover show redoing a kitchen with which Mona, frankly, couldn’t see much wrong.
Manny belched loudly and said. “Two more vacancies and we’re all booked.”
“Busy weekend,” Mona agreed.
“It’s that boat show,” Manny said. “That boat show always draws the crowds. Remember two years ago when we had to send eight different groups over to the Treetop Inn?”
She shuddered. “Yeah, ‘course I do.” She hated to send people to the Treetop. The rates were too high, the rooms dingy.
Manny wiped his goatee with the back of his wrist. She could smell his skin, the sweat clinging to the hair on his arms. Innocent, ignorant Manny. He knew nothing of what Mona had just seen. April with the man.
And she wouldn’t tell him. God, she couldn’t tell him. He’d shake his head at her for being so stupid. He’d chastise, “Christ, Queenie. What were you thinking, spying on those poor people like that. You’re gonna put us right out of business.” And shame would bloom like a stain from her sternum out to her shoulders.
“Well,” he said. “The grass needs mowing again. And those beds out front could use attention.”
She was hoping he’d help her with the phones or work on their clacking printer. Putter around in the office with her. “Right,” she said. “The petunias need dead-heading, too.”
Manny patted his round belly and headed outside, his shorts riding up between his thighs like they always did.

April Silberman asked to extend her stay. Her full, pink lips moved intricately around the words as she said, “Do you possibly have room for me to keep on another couple nights?”
“Well,” Mona said. “It’s a busy weekend.”
“Please. I’m desperate.”
Mona hesitated, then said okay, secretly pleased April would stay longer.
She came and went a few times that day, carrying her tripod and canvas bags over her shoulders. Manny offered to help, but she laughed–a billowy, throaty laugh–and said, “Thank you, but no. I schlep my own stuff.”
Mona asked what she was taking pictures of and April told her, “Bridges. Flowers. Hillsides. Whatever strikes my fancy, ya know? I’m also shooting the boat show.”
“And are you a professional? Photographer, I mean,” Mona said.
April flicked her head and her dark hair tumbled down the back of one shoulder. “Some folks think so.”
At a little after eight that night, the man pulled into the parking lot. He drove a dark SUV and parked in the loading area even though Mona well knew he had nothing to unload. So to speak.
He looked at her head poking over the counter and his lips curved noncommittally upward, as they might if he were passing the mailman.
“Good evening!” Mona said loudly.
“Evening,” he nodded. Then he was gone behind the metal fire door.
She tinkered with the computer for a few minutes. She stood, locked the cash drawer and slipped down the hallway of rooms until she got to ten.
Glancing over both shoulders, she pushed her ear to the door. It was cool and solid. This pleased her, made her think, We’re running a quality place here.
She could hear April’s voice, and the man’s, but they were muffled. They spoke quickly and it occurred to Mona that they were arguing.
Well, she thought, pulling herself from the door hard. She brushed at the front of her khaki shorts. This is nonsense.

That night, Mona put on her cotton nightgown (flannel for winter, cotton for summer) and her ankle socks. She took her multi-vitamin. She rubbed cold cream over her cheeks and brushed her teeth. Then, as she was tweezing fat hairs from her chin, she looked at herself. Scrutinized her looks the way Manny might, if he were feeling libidinous.
In her mind, she could practically see him deflate. She wasn’t exactly a sexpot.
She was, in fact, a middle-aged woman who didn’t really try. Oh, sure, she worked hard for the motel and she called Kate and Jackson every Sunday and she cooked good chicken and dumplings, but she didn’t put much, if any, effort into her physique or her diet.
“Manny?” she said, padding into the bedroom.
He sat on the bed flipping through a Burpee’s seed catalogue while their cat, Cornflake, sprawled across Manny’s ankles.
“Do you find me the slightest bit attractive? I mean, even the slightest bit?”
“Well, sure,” he said. “Of course.” But he didn’t look up from his seeds.
“Then why don’t we ever…? Why don’t you ever…?”
He glanced at her, holding his place with his thumb. “What?”
“You know,” Mona said, her eyes pleading with him to not make her say the words.
Manny grunted. 
Her head hung as she said, “Why don’t we ever have relations?”
He shifted his legs. Cornflake leapt away. “We do. Don’t you remember, after the Our Redeemer’s potluck?”
“That was last summer.”
“Oh. Well. It’ll happen again.”
She thought, I do not want to be this, a woman trying to talk her husband into sex.

The magazines in the rack were Ladies’ Home Journal, Redbook and O. Mona, however, was staring at the glossy brochure called Breast Reconstruction and You.
Her legs stuck out of the pastel gown, which the nurse had told her to “tie in front”. Though it was late June, her skin was pale, lightly freckled, too dimply.
She read about risks: Implant rupture or deflation, changes in breast sensation, infection, bleeding, capsular contraction. She looked up at the blood pressure cuff, the small grenade-looking thing that was the hand pump.
The room was hot and stuffy and she fanned herself with one flap of her gown.
Manny was working the front desk. Katrina, a single mother with a boyfriend who came in during her shifts and drank cup after cup of free coffee, was taking over at one o’clock. Mona hoped they remembered to turn on the central air and to remind the Zeitman’s that check out was at eleven (they’d asked to be called one hour beforehand).
As she sat thinking about all that needed doing around the motel, her pulse quickened and her breath came in great shallow gulps.
She looked hard at her brochure. How To Prepare. What You Can Expect. But her fingers trembled and her scalp felt damp. She stood and quickly dressed. She patted her cropped hair, a mixture of gray and light brown now, dropped the brochure into the trashcan, and hurried out to the receptionist’s desk. It had occurred to her to just leave, without saying a word. But she decided that wouldn’t be right. She hated it when people made reservations at the motel and didn’t show up.
“I’ve changed my mind,” she whispered to the young woman sitting behind the shiny marble counter.
“Pardon me?” the woman asked, touching a small, gold hoop in her ear.
A little more loudly, Mona said, “I’ve changed my mind. About the surgery. I have to go now.”
The woman smiled knowingly and adjusted her voice into a tone one might use to calm riled prisoners down at the state yard. “You’re just here for a consultation though,” she said. “Why don’t you help yourself to a cup of herbal tea over there, go on back and let Dr. Hannon answer your questions. He’s very good at talking patients through these things.”
“No thanks,” Mona said. “I don’t want to anymore.”
She turned and left. She couldn’t stop thinking about the air conditioning and the reminder call to the Zeitmans. If she had a cell phone, she would’ve dialed up Manny right then.

Mona was filling the huge Bunn coffee maker with water when April’s friend entered the lobby. He stopped and stared at the TV, tuned to CNN. Michael Jackson had just died and the man watched the coverage for a few minutes, shaking his head.
He looked right at her and said, “And everyone’s surprised?”
She could feel herself blush. “I know,” she said. “All this hoopla.”
She was wearing a new bra. A prosthetic bra that made her look as if she had beautiful c-cups. She’d stopped at a store called Kimberly Reel the day after her failed appointment with the plastic surgeon and had tried on several undergarments. It was odd, she thought, trying on bras without having to worry how they fit your breasts.
And the bra felt strange, both too heavy and too insubstantial. When Manny saw her, he’d said, “Wowza! That was quick!”
Mona had never hated Manny more than she did in that moment. “This is a special bra, Manny. For heaven’s sakes.”
This man–April’s lover–she couldn’t imagine him saying something like Wowza.
She pushed a filter into the coffee tray and filled it with black grounds. 
The man said, “Just be glad we don’t live in L.A. The funeral will be insane.”
Mona’s heart fluttered. This was the man she’d seen tossing around in the sheets a few days before. This tall, lean man who cursed when he had intercourse. So different from Manny, who let no sounds escape except a few staccato exhalations and sometimes a stuttering, “O-o-oh.” She couldn’t help herself. She asked, “Are you from here? West Branch?”
“Saginaw,” he said, looking back up at the television screen. “Not far.”
She opened a box of Krispy Kremes and set them, along with a stack of napkins, on the counter. She hoped there’d be one or two left for herself and Manny at the end of the morning. But she wasn’t counting on it. The doughnuts always went fast.
She wanted to ask the man more questions, to keep him there longer, but she couldn’t think of what else to say.
“Nice little place you run here,” he said. “You and your husband the owners?”
Mona smiled wider than she meant too. Manny once told her she grinned like a used car salesman. “We just manage it,” she said. “For eighteen years now. We practically raised our kids in this motel.”
He nodded. “It’s clean. Nice.”
She noticed that his teeth were remarkably crooked, sinking in on themselves.
“Thank you. We enjoy it well enough.”
“Gotta make a living somehow,” he said.
Briefly, Mona wondered if he was talking to her because of the bra. Because of her fuller profile. But she dismissed this as ridiculous and went back behind her desk.
“Well, April’s up by now. She’s already been out to get the paper.” Then she touched her fingertips to her mouth. She knew she’d said too much, sounded like a nosy, old room keeper.
The man just looked at her.
“I’m sorry,” Mona said. “I notice things.”
He snatched a doughnut then and Mona saw the gleam of his wedding ring before he strode toward April’s room.
A picture of Michael Jackson as a young boy flashed on the screen. Mona shook her head. See what plastic surgery could do? Make you someone you weren’t. She was glad she’d left that cold, metallic doctor’s office. Glad to be safe in her little motel, where she was needed, where nothing would be done right if she wasn’t there.
Manny came in then, telling her to turn on the No Vacancy sign. “We’ve got a red El Camino pulling in,” he said. “We’re full up, baby.”
In the past this would be reason enough for a small celebration, a kiss, the cracking open of sparkling cider. But Manny didn’t so much as glance over at her as he passed through the lobby. 
And Mona didn’t creep down to room ten that time and press her ear against the door. She just wiggled her fingers at Lu, the housekeeper on duty, as she wheeled the clacking cart through.
She couldn’t help periodically snaking a hand up her shirt and squeezing her foamy bra. She wondered what that night would bring. If Manny would make love to her, ask her to leave her nightgown and bra on. Maybe she’d take the curling iron to her hair, dab on a little lipstick and rouge before bed.
Nah, she thought. She’d feel like she was seducing him. If he wanted her, he could take her as she was. She wasn’t going to sleep in the prosthetic breasts.
Just then, Lu came back through on her squishy soles and stood in front of Mona. She was so short the counter cut her off at the shoulders. Her hair was sleek and black and pulled into a low ponytail. “People still in room ten,” she said. Her words were clipped.
“Yes,” Mona said. “They requested a late check out.”
Lu tapped her watch, “It almost one-o’clock.”
“It’s okay,” Mona said.
“Why you go so easy on them?”
“I don’t know,” Mona said. She knew Lu hated staying overtime to clean the late check-outs, so she said, “I’ll do Ten after it’s clear.”
Lu crossed her arms and said, “You have enough to do, here.”
“It’s okay, I don’t mind. Really.”
Shrugging, Lu left, the heavy metal door clicking behind her.
That was how Mona found herself back in room ten, opening drapes, rolling sheets and folding toilet paper into a dainty point. She hummed Thriller to herself as she worked.
Manny poked his head into the room.
“Who’s at the desk?” she asked startled. She noted the quickening of her heartbeat, the in and out of her nostrils, like a fish’s gills. “Someone needs to be at the desk.”
Manny grinned and said, “Cool your jets, Queenie. I put the bell out.”
“The bell can’t answer the phone.”
“Maybe not, but I can hear the bell and the phone from here,” he said. His body filled the doorframe. He leaned on his shoulder, hands in the pockets of his baggy denim shorts. “Where’s Lu?” he asked.
Mona tried to push past him to get to her cart. She needed glass cleaner. “I sent her home,” she said, waiting for Manny to slide sideways.
He wouldn’t.
Instead he placed his palms on her hips, ran them up to her bra and pinched. Gently, sympathetically, he said, “You think you need this, Queenie? Take it off.” He slipped his hands up under her shirt, around to her back and unclasped the bra.
It hung from her shoulders like two dead sponges. Embarrassed, she turned away. “I do need it,” she said into her fingers. “I do need it if I want…for you to…”
If it had been a TV movie, he would’ve lifted her shirt, gazed at her violent pink scars to prove they didn’t repulse him, maybe run his fingers over them.
Instead, Manny took a step back and pointed a stubby finger at her. “You want to know why we haven’t been doing the Schnitzel Tango lately?” He patted his own chest. “It has nothing to do with what’s here. Or not here. It has to do with what’s up here,” he tapped her temple.
“What?” she said, aghast.
“That’s right.” He turned then, and went off to find a leaf blower or weed whacker. 
Mona shook the bra free from her shirt, shoved it into the thick, black trash bag on her cart, grabbed a bottle of glass cleaner, and quickly wiped down the bathroom mirror. She needed to finish this so she could get back up front. 
Someone had to run the place.
Beyond the margins of sanity
Denise banged the Honda's dash, trying to restart the heater. It was temperamental--sometimes spurting out warm air at a red light or as the car swung around a wide corner, but never producing with any regularity.
At least the radio worked, tuned to an Eighties hit station that played Hungry like the Wolf.
Before she pulled up in front of the two-story, chocolate brown house, she killed the headlights. The car rolled forward quietly. Darkly.
Shivering, she parked and looked at the west-facing upstairs window. Yellow light glowed behind cheap, metal blinds–blinds that rattled when cats dove through them.
Leaning forward, the vinyl seat groaning, Denise squinted up, hoping for a shadow, a sign, beyond the light –-which she knew to be a clunky torchiere–of life.
She could sit there for hours staring (and had), her heart galloping at the slightest flicker of movement. It was easy, somehow, to forget the last five months and focus only on the other two. The first two. The ones in which they fell in love: his sparkling eyes, the hand brushing hers as he passed her a paper cup of coffee, sweet promises of possibility every morning they woke up together, feet entwined, sun gushing through the window like a small waterfall.
They had met on the train–the rail that ran between Portland and Seattle. Denise was on her way home from her aunt Annabelle's funeral and he was returning from a three-month backpacking trip through the Sierras. Chatting in Car 11, only a plastic armrest between them, they found they both fantasized about traveling to Berlin, both drove Japanese cars and that their favorite flower was ranunculus. She willed him as they talked, actually sat there and telepathically begged him, to kiss her.
He didn't, not until they met up at an Irish pub in Belltown a week later.
And now, as she listened to the ticking of her engine and the occasional, distant siren, that first kiss, those firsts, were all she wanted to think about.
Denise had a history of not letting go. Of dragging her attachments to things beyond the margins of sanity.
Sometimes she thought of old boyfriends as stretched, dirty rubberbands that she'd yanked and fiddled with too many times. Occasionally the rubberbands snapped, stinging her with hushed reprimands or even restraining orders.
She didn't mean to push things so far. She just didn't understand how to do it: to release what she cared about like great, flapping birds that would fly up into the clouds never to be seen again.
What gave other people the strength to move on when they'd fallen in love, for God's sake? When they'd wrapped the soft strands of someone's hair around their knuckles and stared watery eyes into watery eyes professing eternal devotion?
She couldn't. So she sat and gazed at the window, the one, blank, lit eye that gave her nothing, really.
Still, she would not stop, because somehow, when she watched that window, she could convince herself that the arguments and accusations of her "smothering" him had never happened. That, in some small way, he was still hers.
Glass shattered.
She jumped.
The window hung in shards, the blinds clanking. 
She watched one of the cats—clawless Peggy, she thought--squeeze through and pick her way across the steep roof.
Then she saw him, lifting the broken window and leaning outside it. 
She could hear his voice, just barely, calling to his beloved feline. He disappeared, then came back and held something toward her.
Peggy glanced up, but continued exploring.
He stretched one leg through the gaping window frame, then another. In a moment, he was creeping across the shingles, leading with his hand that held the treat.
Peggy stopped, rested on her haunches, and licked her front paw.
Denise sat straight up, holding her breath. She was dying to call out that he should hold back a little, let Peggy come to him. If he pursued the cat, she'd continue to skitter onward.
But he'd never been good at listening to Denise's sibylline messages.
"C'mon kitty, kitty. Peggy, c'mere girl!"
Denise hissed, "Don't chase her!" But it was for nothing. She was sealed inside her car.
Then, as if he were a winged maple seed, with legs whirring around so fast they blurred, he lost his footing and slipped.
Shirt, denim, skin, and shoe soles scraped down the gravelly roof, until half his body hung over the gutter.
Denise grabbed the door handle, then stopped. What would she do? She could fetch the ladder he kept in his garage, she supposed. But then he'd know she'd been there watching, had been there many nights.
She could call 9-1-1, but that seemed too melodramatic.
She relaxed a moment, deciding to sit there and see if he could save himself.
But then, no. I need him walking this earth. I need him alive.
Jumping from her car, boots clacking against asphalt, she plunged into the darkness of his damp garage and felt around for the aluminum ladder.
When her hands grasped a cold rung, she found the strength to hoist it off its hooks, swing it around to the front of the house, and prop it against the roof.
Then she started to run, click-clack, click-clack. She dove for the safety of her car just as he shouted, "Denise! Jesus!"
She turned over the ignition, banged the dash to get the heater working, and tore away from the curb. It was time to go anyway, she told herself. She’d used up her allotted two hours and now had to get back to her apartment.
Denise suspected there would be an angry email later. He'd copy and paste the paragraph he had sent before, saying he'd moved on and she should, too. That she was pathetic and needed to get herself a hobby.
Yeah, what she wouldn't give to be enamored by knitting, bouldering, or running. Reading, even. But she hadn't fallen head over heels for any pastimes. 
Someday, she thought, maybe a TV show would hold her interest and she'd wait breathlessly for it to come on every week.
Maybe she’d discover cooking or soap making or internet games.
For now, though, it was him.
Nothing but him.
The Governor’s Wife
A peachy-pink light flushed the sky from behind a dark mantle of trees. A harsh, early morning chill still hung in the air. Cece buttoned up her marigold yellow sweater and huddled into her down vest.
Vans topped by satellite dishes were beginning to rumble here toward town, parking along the curbs, and in some cases, right up on the lawn. But Cece had been one of the first.
It was a captivating story: the governor of Oklahoma had disappeared. He’d been gone for three days and his wife and aides hoped he was hiking in the Rockies–something he’d apparently done a lot of before. But it was clear they didn’t actually know where he was.
An important man. Vanished. Oddly, though she was staked outside the governor’s mansion waiting for a worried family member to emerge and give a statement, she felt pity for Fred Montgomery, the governor himself. What could be so bad, when you were a healthy man like that, that you had to run? Or what…what could be so good?

Belinda saw the tulips as hands, each petal a finger, that could hold a small glass sphere, an ice cube, a Robin’s egg. She’d watched, over the last few days, as the petals dropped one by one, falling to the striped damask tablecloth. And, in her mind, the sphere shattered, the ice cube melted, the egg cracked.
Fred had given her those purple tulips last Thursday, on the anniversary of their first date, an occasion she’d always demanded he recognize. She wasn’t sure why. Wasn’t a wedding anniversary enough for one man to remember? One man who had never been romantically inclined. Or so she thought.
The emails she’d discovered had proven differently, had portrayed her husband as a person she’d barely glimpsed 15 years before, back when he’d taken her for rides in his beat up Chevy Nova, had occasionally presented her with a handful of roadside flowers and had even, the summer they’d spent apart while she interned at Smith Barney and he was a page on the Senate floor, written her a few letters. His missives had been stilted (back then, he hadn’t grasped the concept of contracting two words), but sweet and earnest.
Still, he’d never sent her anything like those emails to Dezi.
Dezi.
The name pulled over her tongue like rancid fruit and squeezed through her teeth. Such an abrasive name. Dezi.
And the words her husband had attached to that name. Soul mate (as if there were any such thing). Connection. From the first moment. Her stomach roiled just thinking of those phrases he’d given her. All saved in a Word document called “D”.
Belinda didn’t gather the petals as they dropped, but let them lie in rubbery curls. She didn’t take dinner at the table anyway. Not lately. She’d eat a quick hard-boiled egg over the sink or a granola bar in the back of the Towncar.
It was one of Fred’s staffers, Bernie Zusak, a man Belinda had always liked, who delivered the news on Sunday, while Belinda rode to a women’s luncheon to be held in an atrium at the Myriad Botanical Gardens. “Fred’s not hiking Flattop,” Bernie said. “Or Mount Richtofen either. As we’d hoped.”
Belinda’s first thought was that they’d found him dead somewhere–-his Saab lying upside down over the edge of an embankment, or a fatal gunshot wound through his flat abdomen, his body rotting in a weedy lot behind a gas station. He did, certainly, have his detractors.
She gripped her cell phone hard. “What?” That one word severed the sunny afternoon into a distinct before and after. 
 “He’s in Brazil,” Bernie said.
Her stomach fell. Her brain turned to thick sludge and she couldn’t make sense of what he was saying. Brazil? But he’d just been there last month on state business. Why had he gone back? And why hadn’t he told anyone? He’d been scheduled, that week, to be here, in the mansion with Belinda and the girls.
Shortly after the luncheon was over and she was home, she’d logged into Fred’s email accounts, his ok.gov, and both his personal addresses. She knew the passwords of course: Achieve. Achieve1. Achieve2. He believed in quotes, and his favorite was “Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.” Robert F. Kennedy.
When he and Belinda had just started dating and she first saw the room he rented in a downtown Arlington house, she’d been surprised. Not by the lack of remotely tasteful décor-–he was a man in his twenties, after all-–but by the excessively tacky computer printouts pinned to his white walls. Ugly, thin paper with dot matrix quotes etched across them saying things like “Self-trust is the first secret of success” and “Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can”.
A little grandiose, she’d thought. But ambitious. Maybe for Christmas she’d have a few of his quotes printed in letterpress and framed. Something masculine, dark wood or black metal.
Back to the tulips. She'd let Doris, the housekeeper deal with them. Dump them into the compost.
On second thought, Belinda wanted the satisfaction herself. She yanked them from their crystal vase and carried all twenty-four flowers, stems dripping, petals falling, to the stainless steel bucket on the counter. She pushed them in with the banana peels and coffee grounds so vehemently that eggshells scraped her knuckles and the heel of her hand squished into the girls’ half eaten oatmeal from that morning. She didn’t care. She crammed them down harder until the steel bin was bashing the granite countertop. She heard herself grunt. She didn’t care about that either. She wrenched and crushed until compost littered the kitchen and the bin spun on its side in the middle of the floor.
“Well, then,” she said. She washed her hands and went to her bedroom to change her clothes.

He called at two o’clock the next morning, which, even if they were in the same time zone, wasn’t that unusual. Fred only needed three or four hours of sleep a night and had always kept crazy hours. He was too focused or too inconsiderate to not pick up the phone the moment the thought to do so. This time, though, he didn’t sound revved up or bursting with ideas. He sounded tired. “Belly,” he said.
“Don’t call me that,” she snapped. “Not now.” She pulled herself half upright and clicked on her bedside lamp. Her heart tripped all over itself, like a thirteen-year-old boy trying to two-step.
“I’m sorry.”
“For what? Carrying on with this Dezi woman? Betraying me and the girls and the whole state of Oklahoma who, by the way, assumed the worst for the past three days? For letting me think you were dead?”
“I just…needed some time.”
She was furious now and couldn’t restrain her anger. “So you gave yourself permission to fly down to Brazil, lie to your family and your cabinet and your constituents, and have sex with some puta so you could clear your mind?”
“She’s a respectable woman, Belinda. You don’t even know her,” Fred said, his voice cracking ever so slightly.
“And neither should you.”
A silence descended between them, crashing down like a dropped piano. It sat there, hulking, impassable. Until finally… “I’m powerless,” Fred said. “I can’t explain it. Least of all to you, but, I couldn’t not come.”
Belinda considered pressing the hang up button. She laid her head back onto the pillow. She could smell peanut butter from the still open jar sitting on the nightstand. A thoroughly licked spoon laid there too and it repulsed her. When had she gone from preparing Pork Bolognese and Chicken Marsala to eating like a college student? “Well, you’re a weaker man than I thought you were,” she said. Her nose stung and tears gathered behind her eyes. She couldn’t cry. Not while on the phone with him.
“I take full responsibility for that. It’s true.” She could almost see his chin ticking upward as he spoke, convincing himself that he still possessed some whit of dignity. She was sure he didn’t understand yet what he’d thrown away.
Fred had been one of the GOP’s top candidates for a 2012 run at the white house. But now. Now he was going down in a spitting fireball like John Edwards. “They’re going to eat you up, you know.” Belinda said, referring to the press.
“That remains to be seen. Can I count on your discretion?”
Belinda laughed. Cackled, really. And hung up. Can I count on your discretion? Please. She grabbed the jar of peanut butter, swirled her index finger through it and sucked, wishing she had chocolate chips to sprinkle in. She wondered, briefly, if Fred would be asked to step down. Not so much because of his extra-marital affair, but because he’d left Oklahoma without notifying anyone or assigning power to Lisa Knowles, the lieutenant governor. He wouldn’t give up his job willingly. She knew that.
Impeachment, perhaps? Then they’d have to move from the mansion, find a house in Nichols Hills.
Assuming, of course, that he wasn’t going to move in with Dezi.

The coffee tasted good that morning. Hotter, more bitter, more rich than usual. Still in her bathrobe, she took it to the window as she often did, planning to check the Scissor-tailed flycatcher’s nest in the redbud tree. As she pulled open the drapes though, and peeked through the sheers, she saw what she, at first, thought was a block party. Before she had time to wonder why a block party was happening at seven in the morning on the mansion’s property, she realized that what she was seeing was no block party. But a swarming blanket of reporters and cameras in the street, some encroaching onto the lawn. She ducked away from the window and stepped back into the shadows of the ficus. She set her coffee on top of the piano and paced into the kitchen, then back. What the hell? What the hell?
She’d expected a few calls from the Oklahoman and the local network affiliates. Maybe, maybe a brief mention by Brian Williams. But not this…herd of story-hungry mongrels in her front yard. Didn’t they have anything better to do?
Bernie would know what to do. She called him, sure he’d be up, feeding his dog Chester, reading his three favorite newspapers and drinking tomato juice with freshly ground black pepper.
“Shit. Damn Jackasses,” was how he responded when she told him about the press outside. Despite the situation, she laughed. Bernie was the only one she knew who could compose an entire sentence made exclusively of curse words. His were inspired.
Fred sometimes laughed politely when he let loose a slew of expletives, but later muttered how low class it made Bernie sound. “He’s better than that,” Fred had said more than once.
Belinda, though, delighted in Bernie’s language. He made the most boring, cardboard, state issues entertaining.
She heard him sip his tomato juice and exhale loudly, as if he’d just downed a highball. “Well,” he said. “The first thing you should do is close your goddamn drapes.”
Belinda said, “They’re closed.”
When his cigar-lit voice said, “Good girl,” her shoulders loosened a little.
“Next thing,” he said. “Don’t answer your door and don’t answer your phone for those assclowns.”
“Right.”
“I’ll give them some generic statement they can release and hopefully ease ‘em off your tail.”
“That’s not going to work, Bernie. And you know it. They want shots of the jilted wife. And words too,” Belinda said, peeking through the sheers again.
“Well, are you willing to give them that?” he asked. “Maybe step out on your porch with a handful of tissues and unwashed hair?”
She laughed again. “Point taken.” Just then, Lindsey came into the living room eating from a bowl of dried cranberries. She tucked a piece of hair behind her ear and said, “What going on?” Belinda wanted to shield her from all this, to usher her back up to her turquoise bedroom strewn with iPods and knitting projects and books. But she’d find out sooner or later anyway, would have to know that she couldn’t hang out with her friends that afternoon.
She motioned for her to look out the window. Lindsey stared for a long time, then stepped back as if someone had flicked her with a fly swatter. Another sort of teenager might’ve enjoyed the idea of paparazzi outside her house, but Lindsey had grown up wary of reporters and how they could twist your words to suit their stories. “It’s because of dad,” she said. “It’s because of dad.”
“Poor child,” Bernie said into Belinda’s ear. “I could just bitch-slap Fred in the motherfucking face right now.”
Belinda said. “I could, too.”
Just then the doorbell rang. The room stiffened, the furniture and framed pictures petrifying. “Just breathe,” Bernie said. “And go enjoy your coffee. Take a bath. What the fuck ever. Just don’t, do not, give them a single word until I can phone something in. And, if you want to preserve your sanity, not even then.”

Belinda didn’t hear him slip through the kitchen door or creep up the heavily carpeted stairs. She didn’t, in fact, know he was there until she heard the bathroom faucet running.
“Madison?” she asked, thinking her younger daughter was washing her plastic ponies or giving her Barbies a bath in the sink.
She came around the corner and saw him, his face red and dripping. “Hey,” he said.
“Hey?”
He buried his face–soft around the edges now–in a thick, ivory towel.
Belinda looked at him. She was aware that for 50-ish, he was a handsome man. A powerful man. But she also knew he used drugstore-bought dandruff shampoo and had to shave with an electric razor or he’d burn his sensitive skin. She was familiar with how the bedroom smelled after he’d slept in it and that his top lip flattened when he was angry.
Knowing these things, she couldn’t imagine how a woman might be so recklessly in love with him. Or, in love with what she thought she knew of him, Belinda reminded herself.
“How’d you get in here?” she snapped. “Past the vultures.”
“I came through the Kennelly’s yard. On foot.” he pointed his electric razor toward the front yard. “They’re looking for a black SUV.” He said smugly. He clicked on the razor and its high-pitched buzz filled the bathroom, echoed off the walls.
When Belinda turned, she saw his still-packed garment bag hanging on the back of the bathroom door. She flinched. She had the urge to walk up to it and sniff, but, instead, she left the room.
Sometime later she heard his office door close and he stayed there for the rest of the day. Just before dinner, Bernie called. “Things have changed,” he said. “You have to talk to the bastards. Are they still out there?”
“Mostly,” she said. A few had strayed off. She’d seen news footage that day of reporters standing in front of her house, spouting what they knew, which was very little. She tried not to watch TV, but the internet, the damn internet, whenever she signed on to check her email or do a little work, she couldn’t resist clicking the headlines that pertained to Fred and her and her girls. She squeezed her eyes closed. “Why do I have to talk to them?”
“People think you should. People want to hear from you, Belinda. Just like what you told me yesterday. You’re the first lady of this state and the wife of a GOP up-and-comer, or former up-and-comer.”
“Have you talked to Fred?”
“About an hour ago. Chewed his pansy ass out.”
“Okay,” Belinda said. “But I’m going to say what I want to say. I’m not taking dictation from you Bernie.” There was silence on the other end. Finally, Bernie sighed and said, “You’re a reasonable woman. I trust you won’t lay any vitriolic bullshit out there.”
“Of course not,” she said.
As they hung up, she was already constructing the sentences in her mind. It would be a relief, actually, to say her piece. To take a little control. She sat down at the small, wooden desk in the alcove off the kitchen, opened her laptop and began typing.

“What are you writing?” Fred asked, sidling up to her, a can of cashews in one hand. 
“My statement.” She could smell cipollinis and tomatoes roasting in the oven. She'd finally made an effort with food again. 
He grabbed one of the upholstered black leather chairs and sat across from her.
She was struck, suddenly, by a memory of their first house. A bungalow in Wheaton (another DC suburb), with creaky Adirondacks in the living room and framed posters on the walls. She missed it. She missed the simplicity. “Belinda,” he said, popping nuts into his mouth. “We need to talk.”
Her fingers, resting on the plastic keys, started trembling. They did need to talk. She laid her hands in her lap and swiveled so she faced him.
He said, “I know I’ve hurt you. I know that. And I’m truly sorry you’re upset.”
“And the girls,” Belinda said between clenched teeth. “Don’t forget how you’ve hurt Madison and Lindsey.”
“I’d never forget about Maddie and Lindsey,” he said.
“And how you’ve hurt them.”
His eyes lowered, then raised to meet Belinda’s. They used to be green. Green as new spring leaves. But they’d faded over the years and now looked more like a freshwater lake on a cloudy day. Colorless.
“They’re resilient girls,” he said. Belinda hated it, despised it, when people used that catch phrase “kids are resilient” to justify poor behavior. Yes, Madison and Lindsey were resilient. But they were not unbreakable.
“You think that excuses you?” she said. She remembered, inexplicably, the tulips, their petal-fingers wilting and falling off. “This is not a three-way marriage, Fred. You’ve made a huge mess here. And I’d like to know how you’re going to clean it up. The Oklahoman has copies of your emails, you know.”
His upper lip did that thing, where it pressed to his teeth and slid slowly up and down when he spoke. “Did you forward them?”
She picked at a spot of dried food on the keyboard. Should she tell him what she knew? “Half of them were sent from your work account,” she informed him. “State property. Anyone with a little computer savvy could get their hands on those.”
“How do you know only half of them were sent from my work account?” he barked
“Because I snooped, okay? My so-called husband and the so-called governor of Oklahoma went missing for three days. I was looking for clues. I was trying to figure out if we should launch an investigation into your disappearance, Fred.” She hadn’t set an investigation in motion though. She’d known all along she wouldn’t. She’d known that there was a Dezi. Not her name or where she lived or that Fred considered this woman his soul mate, but Belinda had been aware that some silvery, vapory presence out there had captured his imagination in a way she herself never could.
Belinda and Fred, when they’d decided to get engaged, were good friends, came from similar backgrounds (both had lawyer mothers and fathers with sketchy heart health) and had the same corny, dry sense of humor. But there’d never been that flash or sizzle between them. Never what you’d call, infatuation or, she supposed, giddy love.
Fred stood and strode into the bowels of the kitchen, bracing himself on the counter’s edge. “I wish you hadn’t done that.”
She got up, too. “Yeah, well, I wish you hadn’t gotten wrapped up with this woman. With this escape…you know that’s what this is, don’t you? It’s an escape. I’d love to have an escape too. Someone 5,000 miles away I could email when I start worrying too much about the girls or after I’ve been in the office for twelve hours or when you and I aren’t getting along.”
Through gritted teeth he said, “She’s more than an escape, Belly. She’s…she’s part of me.”
Belinda winced. She knew he was full of shit. It was so easy to think the best about someone with whom you never had to replace a faucet or raise children or argue about Oklahoma’s economy. She crossed her arms and looked up at the ceiling. At the sunken lights, like small, gray plantars warts. “We never should’ve done this. We should’ve bought a restaurant or a grocery store.”
Fred looked at her as if she’d just announced she was going to run outside and moon the press. “This is what I’m cut out for,” he said.
There were several moments of silence during which Belinda wondered when the girls would find Fred was home and what else to make for dinner and noticed how the skin around her husband's eyes hung like hammocks.
Finally, he said, “What are you going to do?”
“Do you mean am I going to leave or stay?”
“In so many words,” he said. “Yes.”
She wanted to tell him she would stay. And that if he wanted any hope of salvaging his political career, he’d have to stay too. But, dear God, she couldn’t. Knowing what she knew: that he was beyond smitten with a Brazilian woman named Dezi, that he would inevitably see her again, that he so lacked respect for Belinda he’d leave without telling her where he was going or when he might come back, to make love on the beach to this other woman…she couldn’t stay. What message would that send to her girls? That marital vows only applied to women? No. No. She, Madison and Lindsey would move out of the mansion, with its dark wood and dark hallways. She hated its boxy lines anyway. She would miss only the bright kitchen.
The girls, of course, would be sad to go, would miss their rooms. She’d have to promise them new furniture or something, flat-screen TVs. A bathroom just for Lindsey. A window seat for Madison. To Fred, she said, “I’ll go, of course.”
He dropped his grip on the countertop and his shoulders sagged.
She left the kitchen then. She yanked a fistful of curtain back from the front window. There were still twenty or thirty of them milling around, drinking coffee from paper cups, chatting, sitting cross-legged on the grass and typing on laptops. She almost laughed, imagining herself taking them a platter full of cookies, opening dusty lawn chairs and jotting Fred’s cell phone number on Post-Its and passing them out.
She thought how Bernie would kill her if she emerged onto the front porch and offered the journalists the bare truth, laid it out for them like a huge picnic on her front lawn. Or, on the Governor’s front lawn. Soon, she’d be somewhere else with different grass and a different title: Former First Lady? Jilted First Lady? Pathetic Ex First Lady? Belinda supposed those were all better than First Lady Who Condones.
There was one reporter, in particular. A woman wearing a gold sweater. She stood not near a white van with a satellite dish on top, but alone with a camera. She was thin, her dirty-blond hair pulled back into a messy ponytail. And she stared at the window where Belinda stood.
Belinda doubted the woman could see in, with the distance and reflections, but, just in case, she took a step back.
The woman, though, continued to gaze at her. To gaze into her. Her arms crossed under her breasts, a notepad dangling from one hand. Belinda itched to pound on the window and shoo her away. Or to stay there, eyes seemingly locked, visually conveying everything that was inside her, everything that could never come out.
She started to think about logistics, about how a moving truck would be able to snake through the vans and reporters and carry her things back out. She thought about how she’d tell the girls what she knew about their dad. She heard Fred’s cell phone trill from the kitchen and her heart stopped.
Without being able to decipher his words when he answered, she knew by the way his voice dipped and looped that it was her. Dezi.
Striding across the parlor and up into his bedroom (because she thought of it as his now, not theirs), she called Bernie and said, “Come over here please. There’s a reporter I like and I’m ready to talk.”
Just a man
Belinda Montgomery was there in the shadow of the drapes, like an apparition. Cece swore she was. She could see the whites of her eyes flash, see her pale hands flutter at her sides. Then the curtain dropped, and she was gone.
Cece turned away slowly, not wanting to draw attention with sudden movements. It had been her sighting and she wasn’t going to give it to anyone else.
She pulled the camera from around her sweaty neck and swung it over her shoulder instead. She was there with throngs of others, but essentially alone. Reporting for a flailing website with a feminist bent called Broad. A site she’d helped found. A site that would die without some content that went viral soon.
Even though it wasn’t a Real Housewife having a baby or a mallard hen and her ducklings trying to cross a highway, she’d been drawn to the story of Fred and Belinda Montgomery not because she thought it necessarily had much national appeal (boy, had she been wrong), but because of Belinda’s history of sticking by Governor Montgomery through a handful of past, relatively minor transgressions. What made this woman tick?
So she’d packed her duffel bag and driven her silver Honda Civic down from Seattle. She knew she could’ve stolen photos from Google, gotten the news from AP and spun it to fit Broad, but she wanted originality. She wanted her own shots and her own observations and, hopefully, her own interview. It would give the site a shot in the arm and satisfy, for Cece, what had become a small obsession: chronicles of infidelity. This story, she was sure, would fill her up like a crème doughnut. Would make her feel fat and happy and ever so slightly avenged.
The driver of the van behind her started the engine and cranked his A/C, the fan and motor rumbling.
Cece moved away, over to a shady spot under a fruit tree. She looked up into its leaves. Plums. She wanted to reach up and pick one, to bite into its soft flesh and feel the juice run down her chin. But she wouldn’t risk Belinda seeing her encroach more than she was already encroaching. So she just stared at a plum, so ripe it trembled.
Above her, birds’ wings twirled like fan blades as they flew from branch to branch, then darted out of the foliage and soared across the blue sky.
She waited another few hours, sitting cross-legged on the spectacularly green grass. She struck up a conversation with a reporter from a newspaper in Texas—a man with receding dark hair, his forehead and pate inching closer together. He offered her a Clif Bar and coffee from his Thermos, which she gratefully took. He had a wife and a son, it turned out. Mariana and Isaac, who, he let slip, were so devoted to each other there was barely room for him.
“The family bed doesn’t exactly promote good marital relations,” he said, wadding his Clif Bar wrapper and stuffing it into his pocket.
She nodded, then asked where you were supposed to pee around there.
He jerked his thumb toward the road. “A few hundred feet down. There’s some shrubbery.”
Cece said, “Oh, I’m sure the neighbors love that.”
“I know,” he said. “But it’s temporary. We’ll be outta here soon enough. If those damn Montgomerys would just toss us a bone. They could make it a lot easier on themselves.”
Cece didn’t know if she believed this. She’d seen celebrities and political figures give snippets to the Clif Bar eating, shrubbery-watering writers, and rather than settling things down, it was more like tossing fuel onto a smoldering fire.
“Well,” she said, “I’m going to take a walk down the road then.”
“Don’t get lost,” he said, and laughed.

Cece’s father, Clem, was a bow-legged bull of a man who rode his bicycle everywhere and had calves as thick as fire hydrants to prove it. He was a Denver corporate litigator no longer married to Cece’s mom because he couldn’t not fuck whatever women struck his fancy.
He told her once, “You know how they say that having a child is like wearing your heart outside your body for the rest of your life. Well, having a wife is like wearing your wallet on an endless, invisible tether for the rest of your life.”
Cece thought it was no wonder that she that she was preoccupied with infidelity and had no desire to marry. In fact, the concept of promising herself to someone forever repulsed her so badly that if she thought about it hard enough, imagined herself in a white dress in front of a minister, or even in a kitchen as a wife making coffee, she would dry heave into a wastebasket.
Late that afternoon, the reporter from Texas wandered in her direction. “A few of us are thinking of going into town and finding some food. Wanna come?”
She declined, but asked if he’d bring her back something. “Anything,” she said. “I’ll eat anything.”
So he, along with some others, departed. Their absence left no noticeable gap in the horde of journalists and not-so-journalistic tabloid correspondents. There had to be a hundred of them. A hundred and fifty?
Every so often, a heavily-made up, be-suited woman or man would stand in front of a TV camera with a microphone and, in grave tones, explain that Oklahoma’s first lady was holed up inside, “No doubt, trying to decide how to handle such an unwelcome turn of events.”
The sun was still in the sky, all orby and golden, but its shadows angled sharply now. A walnut tree had gone from shadowless to casting a long gray smudge, lifting across the earth like the wing of a hawk.
She was studying it, snapping a few photos, when she turned at just the right moment and saw the curtains ripple again. Her heart tripped. She wondered if she could make a story out of this, the half-sightings, the shy peeks of Belinda Montgomery from behind the governor’s mansion’s thick walls.
Soon after, a door to the side of the house, off the kitchen maybe, opened. There was a collective murmur, a shout or two, the rush of bodies toward the action. A man came out, in his sixties, Cece guessed. He wore a denim shirt, khakis and shiny loafers. He made his way through the mass, past the whirring cameras, shooing away questions with his hand, muttering, “No comment at this time,” in a voice that was like rust on rust.
His eyes focused on Cece and when he reached her, he held out his hand and introduced himself as Bernie. “Why don’t you come with me,” he said. “The first lady would like to speak with you.”
Cece nodded and followed him inside, only dimly aware of the bright kitchen, stainless steel appliances flashing past, the smell of coffee, granite countertops, then a wide hallway, just as you’d imagine in a governor’s mansion, with a slate floor and glass-topped table, centered on which was a massive bouquet of irises, lilies and roses in a tall urn.
Stuffy, Cece thought. Beyond stuffy.
They came to a curved stairway, which they ascended, opening to a small office. Sitting at one end, in a wingback chair with a steaming cup of tea, was Belinda Montgomery in velour sweats, her hair swept back on one side with a large, tortoiseshell clip.
“I trust you won’t take any pictures of me looking like this,” she said.
Cece shook her head. “No. But I’ll probably describe you.”
She signaled for Cece to take a seat across from her. As Cece sat, the man named Bernie bent at the waist, his forefinger stabbing the air in front of her face, “No bullshit, all right. This woman’s in pain. Be nice.”
Cece said, “I know.”
When she was situated in her chair, poised with her notepad and pen, Belinda held out her hand and introduced herself.
“Cece Koenig,” she said. “Broad.com.”
“Oh, how refreshing,” Belinda remarked.
“Have you seen the site?”
“I haven’t. But it’s nice…just nice that you’re not Time or The Wall Street Journal or Us Magazine. What’s the premise?”
Cece explained it. News with a feminist bent.
Belinda promised she’d check it out after the interview. Then, sitting forward in her seat and tucking a stray piece of auburn hair behind her ear, Belinda said, “I saw you out there. You looked hot and tired and like you could use a break.”
Cece felt a small smile play across her own lips. She hadn’t looked bedraggled on purpose, but if it worked to her advantage, then so be it.
“And,” Belinda added. “You stared at me like you knew.”
“So that was you. At the window.”
Sheepishly, Belinda said, “I know I shouldn’t have. I just couldn’t resist. Two can play the watching game.”
At that moment, Cece’s cell phone rang. She’d forgotten to silence it before coming in. 
As she clicked it off, she saw it was her mom calling. A rarity. For a moment, she considered answering. The only reason her mother would call was because of Cece’s father. But then, no. 
She’d just landed the interview of her life. And besides, if something was wrong with her father, she wasn’t going to rush to see him anyway.
She leveled her gaze at Belinda.
“Do you need to get that?”
“Uh uh. I want to talk to you,” Cece said. And as she uttered the words, she knew she meant them. She wanted to talk to Belinda Montgomery as more than just an exclusive opportunity that could jettison her career and bolster her website, but also as a woman whose husband had cheated on her in the most public of ways.
“All right,” Belinda said. “Well, I won’t drone on and on.”
Cece was ready. She’d jotted questions while sitting under the plum tree. First, she asked how Belinda felt when she’d learned that Governor Montgomery was in Brazil, rather than hiking through the Rocky Mountains.
“Like someone had just whacked me in the back with a two-by-four. It completely knocked the wind out of me. At the same time,” Belinda said, “I wasn’t entirely surprised.”
Cece said, “You knew he had this in him? Or you were aware of Dezi Campré?”
“I was aware of someone,” Belinda said. “I was aware that the Governor was funneling strong feelings away from me and toward another thing. But I hoped… I didn’t know they’d been emailing for years.”
“That would kind of keep feelings alive, wouldn’t it?”
“A convenient little escape.”
A bird landing on the windowsill snagged both women’s attention. Its head was pearl gray, its breast red and its tail long and two-pronged.
“A Scissor-tailed Flycatcher,” Belinda said. “The state bird. They do this dance in the spring. The males do anyway, where they fly in a v-pattern, then come screaming down, zigzagging and somersaulting and cackling. You swear they’re going to plunge to their deaths, but they always right themselves. It’s something to see.”
“Do they mate for life?” she asked quietly.	
“Probably not.”
Clem certainly hadn’t mated for life. He’d had three or four girlfriends Cece knew about.
Between questions, she remembered how he had pedaled around town with her on his bike handlebars nestled between his muscular arms, her skinny shoulder blades pressed against his wide chest, his heart thumping as his feet turned. The air blew back her hair and she blinked behind the yellow, plastic sunglasses he’d bought her at a drugstore. Her goggles, he called them. “Put on your goggles, Cees, we’re leaving for school.”
Cece knew her next inquiry was inappropriate, might get her thrown out of the room. But, what the hell, she worked for a website, not NBC news. She’d try it. She truly wanted to know. “Are you irreproachable yourself?” she asked. “Have you ever engaged in an extra marital affair?”
Belinda lowered her chin until her eyes were aligned with Cece’s. Sunlight filtered in the window, lighting tiny flames in her auburn hair. “Not so much as one unseemly phone call.”
Cece sighed, her shoulders loosening a little. She remembered an anniversary card her father had given her mother, not out of any real affection, but because it was expected. The front illustration was of two bluebirds sitting coyly on a delicate branch. Inside, it said, Warmest Wishes on Your Anniversary. And he’d signed it, simply, Clem.
She wouldn’t dig further into Belinda’s past. She knew there had to have been stolen glances at other men, longings that didn’t go away after whispering marriage vows in a church. The point was, she hadn’t pursued anything the way Fred Montgomery had. 
Cece believed Belinda was clean. Now she could, in good conscience, rip the Governor to shreds in her piece.
“I hope…” Belinda said. “Please don’t paint him as a monster. He’s just a man. A man with thin boundaries and a lot of stress fractures, but a man.”
Cece stared down at her notepad. Black circles, from having just looked toward the sunlight, danced across her eyes. When someone knocked on the door, she jumped.
Bernie strode into the room and went to the large, ornate desk. “Sorry to interrupt, but your calendar for next week?” he asked. He mumbled something that, to Cece, sounded like a string of expletives. Something along the lines of, “Cock sucking governor …rmrmrm…trying to twist his motherfucking days around…rmrmrm.”
Cece chose not to jot down his words, but she’d remember them. Might even use them.

Legs stretched in front of her on the cheap, hotel room mattress, Cece’s fingers galloped over her laptop keyboard. Occasionally she would pause and stare out the window at the highway in the distance.
She could hear traffic, even with the windows closed, the constant drone of a thousand engines.
She’d kept her phone tucked tightly in the pocket of her bag. She knew a message or three waited, causing numbers to flash across the tiny screen at regular intervals. But she couldn’t bring herself to listen to her mother’s voice telling her something was wrong. Not yet.
Would it be so bad to get her thoughts organized first? To compose a first draft of her interview with Belinda Montgomery?
She typed for a few minutes more, then awash with guilt, snatched her phone and logged into voicemail.
Two pleas from her mother to call, but no hints as to why.
Cece dialed her back. Her heartbeat had become a frantic chipmunk loose inside a barrel.
“It’s your dad,” her mom, Gracie, said.
Of course.
“What about him?”
“He was on that damn bicycle of his. A car hit him on Tunnel Road.”
“A car? What kind of car?” Cece asked. As if it mattered. As if an SUV would do more damage to a human body than a Jetta.
She would remember, of that moment, the smell of polyester bedspreads and mint gum from her purse. She would be able, in her mind, to retrace the rubber molding between carpet and floor and the boxy edges of the pressboard armoire in the corner.
“A pickup truck. With Nevada plates,” she said, as if this explained everything. “He’s not doing well, Cees.” Gracie’s voice quivered then. Just a hint of a quiver, a mirage of grief.
“What does not doing well mean?”
“He’s in a coma. The doctors don’t expect him to come out of it.”
Cece sighed and covered herself with the percale sheets. “Okay,” was all she could mutter.
“If you want to say goodbye…” Gracie trailed off.
“Yeah,” Cece said. “I’ll get there as soon as I can.”
Gracie and Clem, had managed, despite Clem’s infidelities, to maintain a distant-but-civil friendship, though Cece was sure Clem could’ve taken it or left it. Gracie was doing the hanging on.
She’d gnashed and cried and threatened through all of Clem’s dalliances and, once they’d decided to split, had tried to orchestrate reconciliations both before and after the divorce had been finalized. It’d been painful for Cece to witness Gracie suffer more humiliation than she already had at the hands of Clem but she was powerless against her mother’s desire to hold together their family unit.
She wished Gracie could’ve been more like Belinda Montgomery. Decisive and strong.
Regretfully, Cece abandoned her Word document and went to the Delta airlines website where she used miles to book a flight to the Bay Area for the next morning.

Berkeley, as Cece drove her rented Prius into town, was foggy and cool, an alarming contrast to scorching Oklahoma.
The trees were fully leafed out, the streets relatively quiet. In fall, when the students came back, the place would be abuzz, but for now peace reigned. Locals loved summer, particularly the space between Spring and Summer Terms.
Cece remembered how eerie everything would feel then, how you could have the whole sidewalk to yourself or go into any restaurant and get a table. Sometimes, as a kid, she’d stalk through vacant lots, pretending to be lost on a savannah.
Through the mist, she saw the Campanile, with its spires and bells that would play multiple times every day.
If she didn’t adore living in Seattle so much, she might’ve felt a stab of regret for having moved away. But she loved her little house on the west side of the city that faced the Puget Sound and had a small garden out back. She loved her roommate even more, an internet coder named Chelsea who had come with a miniature boxer puppy and a Christmas cactus that always bloomed in October.
But, here Cece was, pulling up in front of Alta Bates, walking into the lobby and finding her mother wringing her hands.
“They won’t let me in there,” Gracie said, her voice scritching as if a scarf was tied too tightly around her neck. Then, grabbing a handful of Cece’s shirt, she cried, “I’m not the wife!”
Cece patted her mom’s hand and sighed. “I’ll go see what’s going on.”
Coming upon her father in his ICU bed startled her. Of course it did. This wasn’t some hazy projection about her parent in a hospital at some distant date. This was her dad. Today. A ventilator doing his breathing.
Wires and tubes ran in and out of him like he was a car engine.
Cece sat down quietly next to his bed. She thought of her mother down in the waiting room, who would’ve loved to be holding vigil next to Clem, but because of what he’d done in younger days, could not.
Pulling out her phone, Cece snapped a quick photo of her father that she would show her mom, so she could at least visualize him lying here.
She wasn’t sure what else to do or even why she’d come. She was still pissed at him. So much so that reaching out and holding his hand, even if she could’ve– if it wasn’t connected to an IV–seemed implausible.
She’d come for some sort of closure, she supposed.
But then she thought of the bike’s handlebars again and the feel of her dad’s strong arms on either side of her. Of how she sensed she was completely safe there, even zipping in and out of traffic.
And she began to cry. “Oh, dad,” she snuffled, digging through her bag for a tissue.
Belinda Montgomery, in that moment, seemed much farther away than Oklahoma. Yet, Cece couldn’t help but think of her and their parallel sadnesses.
“I can never forgive you for that bullshit you pulled on mom,” Cece said, the whooshing of the ventilator surreal. “But I feel…something for you.” She whispered, “I think.”
Her father’s face was a strange yellow-gray, the exact color of sunshine stretching across concrete.
She sat with him for a while. She wasn’t sure how long. Until the mist had cleared and the sky brightened.
On her way out, she took a last, long look at Clem, knowing that would be it. She wouldn’t come back.
She talked to her mother for a while in the lobby, bought her a cup of green tea and hugged her goodbye.
Back in the rented car, she called her roommate Chelsea. She sobbed and roared and said she didn’t know how she was going to get her story on Belinda Montgomery done because she hadn’t slept at all the night before and really needed a nap, and could also probably use some food and a beer, too.
“Come home, baby,” Chelsea said.
“My flight is tomorrow.” Cece wanted to be back outside the governor’s mansion waiting with other reporters, adrenalin and delicious curiosity coursing through her, before any of this, before Belinda became more than a news story to her, before she found out her father was on his way to dead. “I’m going back to my mom’s to finish pounding out this post. Then I’ll upload it and go to bed.”
She told Chelsea she’d see her the next day and that she loved her.
Tucked into a rose-colored recliner in her mother’s house that swirled with a miasma of mint, flowers, and Vaseline Intensive Care lotion, Cece attacked her laptop. She didn’t stop until four in the afternoon, when she decided she may as well have a drink.
Cece was making herself a gin and tonic when her cell phone rang.
“Something wonderful has happened!” Gracie gasped.
A fluid, a condensation, a dread much deeper than what she’d felt when she learned her father was comatose, bubbled within her. “What?”
“Clem. Your father. He’s opened his eyes. He’s responding to words.”
Cece’s free arm twirled as if she were winding a kite string. “No, that’s not possible. He’s hooked up to all those machines. He’s fading.”
“Not anymore!”
Cece should’ve been happy, of course. But relief eluded her. If Clem really did revive and become cognizant, there were issues to be dealt with. Cece couldn’t just close the curtains on the hurt she’d grown up with.
“I don’t have the energy for this,” she mumbled, sipping her drink that was more gin than tonic.
“I’m just getting reports from doctors, but you can actually see him!” Gracie said in the tone she’d use to announce at a child’s birthday party that the clown had just arrived and there were balloon animals for everyone.
Cece knew she should go back to the hospital. But Goddamn, she didn’t want to. She wanted to sit on the back porch with her feet on a creaky wicker ottoman and sip her cocktail.
“No, mom,” she said wearily. “I don’t love him like you do.”
“But, Cees–,”
“I’ve seen him, okay? Now I need to rest and fly out of here tomorrow.”
There was a long hesitation, during which Cece heard a doctor being paged over the hospital’s intercom. “You come down here this minute, Cece. You’re his only child.”
Cece pushed the End Call button and rested her head against the back of the couch. Her eyes began to flag, her mind turning to quicksand.
Her phone trilled with a text from Chelsea. Check yr email.
Sighing, Cece opened her laptop. She found her inbox filled. Brimming with messages from people like cindychu@abcnews and billc@huffpost. Her jaw loosened as she clicked open the emails one by one and realized what had happened.
The Belinda Montgomery interview had gone viral.
Reprint requests were flying in.
She checked Broad.com’s stats and saw that the number of unique visitors had gone up 1,000 fold. Holy shit.
She was suddenly brightly alert and didn’t feel the least bit tired.
She texted Chelsea back. Woot!
I know, right?
Taking a long swallow of gin, Cece smiled. Her dad may not be dying, but she’d done what she set out to do with Broad.

Cece and Chelsea lay rigidly side-by-side on the naked bed they hadn’t bothered to make after washing the sheets the day before. Cece was awake, looking out the window at their green yard throbbing with blooming rhododendrons and lilacs.
Cece had just talked to Clem, who existed inside an airy, uncomplicated space now. His brain was too broken to yearn or calculate or hurt people, so he talked about things like the weather and a game show he’d watched on TV. He mentioned a pastry he’d just eaten that had been especially delectable.
He’d moved back in with Gracie. She was in her glory taking care of him.
Cece and Chelsea, once Cece hung up the phone, had argued about it–Chelsea thought Gracie was pathetic to take on the role of Clem’s nursemaid, Cece didn’t see how the matter concerned Chelsea, and round and round they went.
It had been a sweet time, in a way, when Cece was out chasing the Belinda Montgomery story with Chelsea waiting at home. They loved each other so much more apart.
Six months ago Belinda’s story ran on Broad, she’d left the Governor’s mansion, and found a house of her own. Her story had given Broad the boost it needed. It wasn’t the new Jezebel, but it enjoyed respectable traffic and Cece could pay her half of the rent on the ad income and had even managed to hire a small, part time team. 
Hungover from her nap, her conversation with her father, the argument with still-sleeping Chelsea, and unable to abide the clickity clack of their dog’s claws on the wood floor, Cece staggered across the creaky planks and quietly replaced the water in his dish and poured some kibble.
The house had been looking shabbier lately, the blinds bent, paint chipping from the doors and trim. Cece stood at the counter making a late afternoon cup of tea, trying to decide if this was what contentment looked like. A stable-ish relationship. A decent job. A house that only had 27 more years (ha!) on the mortgage. But then, the fights, the fear that what happened to Gracie and Belinda could happen to Cece, the dirty, loud dog, the never really knowing if you were in the right place doing what you were supposed to.
Cece took her tea to the front porch, trying to ignore the rip in the window screen, wondering if they might all be happier with a little brain damage.
The Wait
As Marion sat on the porch waiting for her mother to come, a man ambled up the sidewalk. His hair was slicked back from his face and rotten spots speckled his front teeth like pinpoint bruises in a peach.
His wet tongue flicked from one corner of his lips to the other and she thought, God, get a dentist.
He talked politics: redistricting of the Dems, tort reform, the recent disgrace of their state’s governor. He spoke like he was trying to teach her something. 
The smudges across his incisors looked soft. She wanted to poke them with her fingernail and see if he winced.
She just listened though. He’d come to the front door looking for the promise of a vote. What she should’ve done, of course, was tell him she wasn’t registered in California.
But then he would’ve stuffed his clipboard into his messenger bag and thanked her for her time.
As it was, she offered him a glass of lemonade.
He looked at her, amusement lighting his face. “Ah, no thanks,” he said. “I’ve got a lot more ground to cover today.”
“Beer?” she tried. She knew there wasn't any around, but her offer might get him inside.
“I don’t drink, Ma’am,” he said. “But you’re very kind.”
Did Marion really look like a Ma’am to him? She couldn’t be more than two or three years older than he was.
“It’s hot out, though,” she said.
“Yes, Ma’am.”
He started in about his candidate again, how he’d shape the economic and educational climate of the state.
She wanted to cover her ears and tell him to shut up. Instead, she stared at his teeth until he paused. Sweat droplets had appeared across his upper lip.
Just then, “She’s from Maryland, you dimwit!”
Marion turned and saw her mother, standing at the curb, a small sack of ruby red grapefruits in one hand and a bottle of club soda in the other. Her mother was convinced club soda worked as a substitute for gin and vodka.
Marion raised her eyebrows at the club soda and nodded at the man.
Almost imperceptibly, he shook his head.
A shame, because she really could’ve used male company.
He spoke to Marion’s mother. “What about you, ma’am? Are you registered to vote in the state of California?”
“Get off my freaking property. No one tells me how to cast my ballot!”
“All I want to do is lay out some facts.”
Her mother dropped the grapefruit, shook the club soda bottle savagely and aimed the cap at the man’s head. 
He raised his clipboard over his face and slowly backed away.
Once he was gone, Marion sulked. “Seriously, mother.”
“You don’t need distractions right now. You need to focus on staying clear-headed. Cold sober. You hear me?”
Inside, Marion chopped a grapefruit in half, sprinkled it with sugar, and sat cross-legged in front of the rattling box fan, knowing her mother was right, but disgusted all the same.
She heard the TV come to life, loud enough to be heard over the raucous spinning blades.
Marion thought, I’m so tired of living in this convent. 
It was then that she saw the man out a back window, shoving a pamphlet under the windshield wiper of her mother’s seldom-driven Crown Victoria. She crept over to the screen as he slid a hand smugly through his hair. Mission complete.
She knew then what she liked about him. It was his single mindedness. He could pursue a vote as intently as she was able to find her next glass of booze. With precise, obsessive ambition.
Through the screen, Marion hissed, “Hey! Don’t leave.” 
He looked up and saw her. He turned his gaze to the brown western plains and tried to stifle a smile.
Finally, he strode back toward the house, one hand in the pocket of his khaki pants, the other looped around the strap of his bag.
“What?” he said.
Marion knew she was shadowy behind the mesh, that a game show blared out around her like some phonic halo.
“Get me out of here.”
“Just leave,” he said.
She imagined herself knocking out the screen, her flipflops sending up whorls of yellow dust as she landed on the ground.
“Marion!” Her mother screeched. “Marion!” She was moving toward the back room.
If Marion could’ve pictured herself kissing the man, even with her eyes closed and drunk, she would’ve done it, would’ve leaped through the window separating her from her old life. But his lack of oral hygiene held her there, on her knees at the sill.
She rocked back onto her heels. “I can’t just leave,” she said. Marion zipped closed the dusty blinds. She heard his footsteps retreating. Hooks of regret tugged at all her corners so she had to pretend she was glued in place to keep from crashing out of the house after all.
“Marion! Oh.” Her mother entered the gloamy room. She stopped, took in the swaying blinds, the trembling of her daughter’s hands, and registered something, some sort of understanding that a near miss had just occurred.
Quietly, she said, “I was just about to make up soda water with cranberry juice ice cubes. Want some?”
“I don’t like soda water, mom.”
“It’ll do you good.”
“No thanks.”
Her mother, gaze lingering on her shaken daughter, harrumphed and reluctantly moved back into the bowels of the house.
Marion stood, her knees cracking. She felt old. Maybe I am a Ma’am, she thought. She went back to her grapefruit. There would be more men asking for votes. And other things. She could wait.
Away
Liz stepped from the trailer onto the brittle, scorched ground. All around her was dry land, barbed wire, wind turbines, and those fucking cactus, as common here as evergreens at home. Her parakeet, Twilight (named after her favorite movie) ululated from his cage.
"Come back inside, sunshine," Norma called, comforting as a slow, lapping wave.
Scowling, Liz let the door bang shut behind her and strode past the truck that had towed their Airstream more than a thousand miles so far. She needed to pee. And the only bathroom in that particular faux RV "resort" was of the portable variety.
Just one other trailer sat in the campground like a baking lump of gila dung. All because she and Norma had been stupid enough to come south in June. That week, though, during the last official days of summer, was the only time Norma had been able to take off from her job at the licorice factory. So she'd planned, she'd printed maps off the internet, and she'd convinced Liz to tag along.
Liz stomped back into the trailer, feeling it sway under her slight 108 pounds. Twilight was still chirruping. Liz pulled the scarf from her hair and sat on a bench that, when it was time to cook, folded open to reveal a tiny counter. Liz ran her hands over her stubbly shins. "God, it's hot," she said.
"Quit your bellyaching and come back to bed," Norma said, a lilt in her voice. She held the sheet up as if to tempt Liz.
"Auch, no. A damn swimming pool is what I need."
"The place in Santa Fe is supposed to have a swimming pool."
"How many days are we from New Mexico?"
"Depends on how fast we drive."
Liz fanned herself with a Glamour magazine she'd read at least three times by then. "I want to be there now,” she muttered.
Norma laughed throatily. "You're cute when you're overheated."
"You're crazy."
Norma walked on her knees to the end of the thin mattress. “Tell me you're glad you came."
Liz rooted around their mini fridge and pulled out a can of Pabst. She didn't care that it was 9:35 am.
"Come on, say it," Norma demanded, smiling. Her impressive cheekbones bulged. Her huge gray t-shirt did little to hide the girth that had been gained from eating too much of the very product she manufactured. "You're glad you came."
Liz couldn't help it. A lopsided grin overtook her. "Sheesh, not right this minute I'm not." She sat next to Norma and held the cold can to her girlfriend's naked thigh. She said, "I'll get used to it." Her face turned serious. She took a long gulp of beer, then said, "I'd better, because I can't go back."
"What are you talking about? Your students need you."
"It's a community college, Norm. No one will even miss me." She bit at a fingernail, then held out her hand and scrutinized her manicure. She wished there were a cheap Asian salon around where she could get it fixed. But no. Not here, in godforsaken cactus country.
Norma finally swallowed her smile. "Is there something you need to tell me, L?"
Liz picked at her fingernails until it was obvious she was stalling. "Do you remember Linus? In my Math 202?"
"The little squirt in the baggy jeans and tight tank tops?"
"Yeah, him. He was...bothering me again. I ran into him outside Dairy Queen Tuesday night, you know, the day before we left." Liz had been sitting at a picnic table, licking her vanilla butterscotch ice cream cone when he'd sauntered over, sat on the bench next to her and slung an arm around her shoulder. He'd whispered dirty things into her ear and, when she'd gotten up to walk home, had followed her, trying to grab and touch her. "I beat the shit out of him and left him for dead on the shoulder of Highland and James." It felt good to say it. But she knew it would not feel good to be punished for it.
Norma didn't seem as surprised as Liz had expected her to. She knew of Liz's physical fearlessness. Liz suspected that was why Norma put up with all her girly affectations.
"We're Thelma and Louise!" Norma said, her face shining.
"Except Thelma and Louise were straight."
"Well, that's debatable. Do you think you killed him?" Norma stood, brow furrowed, and paced the narrow hallway running down the middle of the trailer. It rocked as if it were in a windstorm.
"I don't know," Liz finished off her beer and grabbed another. "Maybe."
Yanking a pair of shorts over her ample ass, Norma said, "This is going to be so much better than going back to Red Vine."
The bird let out a piercing shriek. Liz snapped, "Shut up, Twilight." Then, to Norma, "What? You're on the lam with me, then?"
"Of course, sunshine. I wouldn't let you do it alone. But I don't think we should go to Santa Fe now. We should head farther south."
Liz sighed dramatically. "Oh, where it's a hundred and twenty-five degrees instead of a hundred and fifteen."
"We'll drive toward the coast. Cabo or something."
“Without passports?”
“No sweat, sunshine.”
Norma worked for the ATF, on a special task force, ironically, called Project Gunrunner, for which she traced firearms all over the country. She knew people on the border. 
Twilight wouldn't stop chittering. 
Undone by heat, Linus, and her so-called pet, Liz snatched the bird's cage from its hook and raced outside. She grabbed Twilight’s soft body and threw him into the air where, without even a shocked hesitation, he flew into the mean blue sky.
She slammed the cage to the dusty ground and kicked it once. Then, sticking her head into the trailer, she said, "Get me the hell out of here," and jumped into the cab of their truck where she and Norma would scream along to Bob Seger, eat pretzel rods, and tell stories all the way to Mexico.
Bad Eggs
The squeal of metal on metal woke her just before dawn. Through the open bedroom window, carried along on a cool, silty breeze, she could hear the train that snaked along the lake's north shore.
In the haze of half-sleep, she thought the squeal was her son calling from his room, “I’m reeeeeeeady. I’m reeeeeeeady.”
Ready for what?
As she came to, she realized her son’s voice was the diesel locomotive. She sighed, relieved.
And then, as she was curling her spine into a comma, preparing to drift away again, she remembered what she’d told her husband late the night before. She'd said, “This afternoon, for lunch…I fed you a rotten egg.”
Roland had been close to sleep. But she heard his red-graying hair scratch the pillowcase as he turned his head. “What? Why?”
“Well, I didn’t know it was rotten, of course. And it wasn’t, exactly. It was recalled.”
“What do you mean ‘recalled’?”
“For salmonella.”
“Great,” he said. “That’s just great.”
Now, the sky was beginning to brighten. The crows hadn’t begun their infuriating squawking yet, like a slack bow across loose violin strings. But other birds, more melodic birds, chittered.
Avoiding looking at her slumbering husband, she got up and crept downstairs.
She wished she’d woken earlier, for the meteor shower that was supposed to have happened. But as it was, the few hours she'd slept hadn’t been restful.
She went onto the back deck and tucked a drying beach towel around her knees. It smelled of fish.
Truthfully, she was a little smug about having fed Roland the tainted egg. He’d been on the nasty side lately, too quick to sneer at her and reprimand Jack.
Roland would probably be fine anyway. The man never got sick.
After staring up at the light gray sky for a while, she found sleep trying to overtake her. No, she told herself. No. Not now.
She heard movement in the kitchen. She turned, and through the screen door saw Roland pouring club soda into a glass. “What?” she said.
“Just, you know, feeling a little queasy.”
She pulled the raspy towel up around her hips. Good, she thought.
When had she turned hateful? She’d loved him, once upon a time. They’d loved each other. The house they built as a team, daily beach walks, their son, was all testament to that.
It was as if, living so close to the ocean, they’d been worn down by sun and wind. They’d turned brittle as the driftwood lying half-buried in the sand.
There was a shattering. Then a “Damn it to hell!” from Roland.
She stood to help, but he waved her away, “I’ve got it.”
He bumbled around, searching for dishtowels and sponges. Drawers and cupboard doors snapped closed.
It wasn’t long before six-year-old footsteps padded down the hall above them. Roland had woken Jack.

“Stay back!” Jack’s dad yelled. “Stay way, way back. There’s glass all over the floor. It could cut your feet.”
Jack looked around. His eyes felt scratchy. “But I want milk.”
“You’ll get your milk in a little while. For now, just stay away. Or better yet, go back to bed. It’s only five-thirty.”
Jack’s mom’s voice came from outside, “Come sit here with me.”
He didn’t want to. He had to pee and he wanted milk. He drank milk every morning first thing. He went to the sliding screen and pressed his forehead against it. His mom patted the cushion next to her. She had his Spider Man towel on her legs.
He felt that fuzz in the air again. Like when he laid down in the patch of milkweeds out back. Only this wasn’t a good fuzz. It was crunchy and crackly.
Without taking his forehead off the screen, he shook his head.
His dad said a bad word and, when Jack turned around, he was sucking bright red blood from his finger.
Jack didn’t know why his mom wasn’t in there helping, putting a Band-Aid on his dad’s cut like she did for him. He thought it had something to do with the fuzzy air.

Roland ran his finger under water as cold as he could stand. His stomach churned and he couldn’t believe Jack was already awake. He’d be impossible by middle of the afternoon. At least, assuming Roland felt decent enough to go to work, Samantha would be the one dealing with it. She’d caused this uproar, after all.
Once, a few years ago, she’d fed him expired sour cream and he’d spent a whole night vomiting up chips and dip. He should remember to double-check everything in the fridge. She was so sloppy sometimes.
Suddenly, the room spun. Roland crouched and grabbed the edge of the sink.
He opened his eyes, what he assumed to be, a few minutes later. Sam was bending over him, holding Jack on her hip, his small, pale feet dangling.
“It’s the fucking egg,” Roland muttered, rubbing his face.
“I think it’s the blood,” Sam said. “Remember when you passed out after the draw during your last physical?”
Sam was always laughing at his squeamishness. It was true, she was the one who tended to Jack when he was hurt, who donated her O negative at Red Cross drives up at the township hall every fall, and who watched, without flinching, horror movies and surgical TV shows. But Roland wasn’t so wimpy as to blank at the site of two drops of his own blood, was he?
She offered him a hand, but he ignored it and pulled himself up using the cabinetry. His brain was a pen spinning across a desktop. His desktop. That he needed to sit behind in less than two hours. He had a presentation early that afternoon, a power-point deal about social media and marinas.
“I want eggs,” Jack said. “Scrambled. Mommy, make me eggs.”
“Not today. Waffles?” she said and nuzzled his ear.
Jack jerked his head back, disgusted by her affection.
Roland almost laughed, but instead got out the Dust Buster and proceeded to make a great, whirring, satisfying racket cleaning the rest of the glass.
Sam had perched Jack on the edge of the counter while she pulled frozen waffles from the freezer. As she dropped them into the toaster, Roland snatched up the box and searched for the expiration date.  It was four months in the future. “Okay,” he mumbled. “This time.”
Samantha turned to him. “Do you have something you want to say to me, Rol? And I don’t mean about eggs and blood and waffles. Something else?”
Roland had a sudden, aching desire for coffee. Hot and black. “What are you talking about?” he asked, intentionally gruff.
“I’m talking about how you suddenly hate me. And this family.”
He glared at her warningly.
“And don’t give me that look. Not after you just dropped the F-bomb in front of Jack.”
My God. She was giving him the opening he’d fantasized about for months. Should he take it? Dive through as if he were escaping a burning building?
“I don’t hate you,” he said. He cupped one of Jack’s feet in his palm and held it. His sole was cold and sticky. Roland reclaimed his hand and stuffed it in his robe’s pocket. “Or this family. But.”
He saw Sam cringe. He’d started it, though. May as well see his announcement through. “She makes sails at a loft downtown. She rides this bike, bright green with a wicker basket out front,” he demonstrated with his hands the perfect roundness of the little basket and felt himself begin to smile, stomach ache forgotten. “She has pots and pots of strawberry plants and she raises chickens.” Roland realized how ridiculous this last remark sounded and shut up.
“Who?” Sam asked, her usually placid face contorted. Confused.
“Well, Julia,” he said. Of course, Julia (a proper woman's name, by the way). But then, Sam didn’t know about Julia until just this moment. She hadn’t been the one pining for and daydreaming about Julia for the past year. “Julia. The one I’m–,”
“The one you’re what?”
The waffle popped up from the toaster. Sam grabbed it and savagely slathered it with butter. Jack sat next to her, his eyes wide, his hands over his ears.
That is when Roland decided to stop. “We’ll talk later,” he said, and left the kitchen, still sucking the blood from his gashed finger.

Samantha knew they wouldn’t talk later. What was there to talk about? He was clearly infatuated with some Julia woman. Not that Sam was surprised. But still, it left nothing to work with. She wouldn’t beg him to stay when his heart was somewhere else.
She wasn’t sure she had it in her to beg. Even for Jack’s sake.
Sam asked Jack if he wanted another waffle and finished cleaning the glass Roland has missed–tiny shards that, when she flipped on all the lights, glimmered.
“Mommy?” Jack said. “Who’s Julia?”
“Some woman,” Sam spit, without thinking.
“Some woman daddy knows?”
“Yes, some woman daddy knows.”
Silty morning air wafted in the open window. It was only six a.m. Hard to believe. So early, yet it seemed she’d lived a whole day. A whole year since they’d woken up. 
She went to Jack and crouched down in front of him. It occurred to her that the person he would become was changing now, right this instant. She and Roland would split up. It was inevitable. She would get Jack most of the time, as mothers do. But every other weekend she would have no control over what Roland exposed him to. Jack would be vulnerable to his mood swings and to Julia and whomever else. Whole days would pass where Sam wouldn’t know what Jack had eaten or worn or if he’d skinned a knee or mastered a new skill. He would come back a different boy every time.
And that boy would not be the same boy who would have emerged from a solid marriage.
Sam bit her lip and squeezed her eyes closed.
“Is that why the air was fuzzy again?” Jack said around his bite of waffle. “Because of the woman daddy knows?”
“What do you mean by fuzzy?”
“You know, like the room is full of…crumpled up aluminum foil.”
His analogy surprised Sam. “Partially.”
“Then I hate her.”
She knew she should offer the proper motherly response of you shouldn’t hate anyone. Instead she gave his hands a squeeze.
Shaking her free, he jumped up, tore into the living room and turned on the TV looking for SpongeBob or Phineas and Ferb or some other equally obnoxious cartoon. Instead, coverage of Michael Jackson’s death boomed through Roland’s surround sound stereo system.
Sam gasped, not that she liked or even admired Michael Jackson. She, in fact, thought he was insane. But that he didn’t exist anymore was something to process.
“I want Spongebob!” Jack pointed the remote at the TV, and just like that, talking undersea creatures replaced the news.
After washing up the breakfast dishes, Sam logged onto her laptop and read the incoming stories about how the King of Pop (a presumptuous and silly moniker, she always thought) had died.
So strange. Such a different life he lived than hers. Than anyone’s.
Sam felt the urge to email Roland the story at work, something she would’ve done before. They would’ve joked a bit, a few one-liners about how with all the plastic in him he’d never biodegrade. Etcetera. They could be heartless like that when it came to celebrities.
But she wouldn’t email anything to Roland, of course. Nothing except logistical instructions on where to send the child support.
Wilting suddenly, she felt exhausted. Depressed. Mean and cold. How could she be thinking so matter-of-factly about the father of her child, about her husband of eight years?
Chaotic cartoon music still spilled from the TV, so Sam picked up her cell phone and tapped in Roland’s number.
“Yeah,” he answered.
“It’s me. How are you feeling?” she asked this sincerely.
Her question caused him to pause for a moment. “Uh, ok.”
“I was just wondering, since you ate the egg and all.”
“Oh, right.” He hadn’t really thought about the egg since he’d escaped from the house an hour before.
“Did you hear?” she said, “that Michael Jackson died?”
“He did? Huh. What of?”
“I don’t know yet. Drugs, I’m sure.”
“Wow,” he said, though his voice was vacant any real shock.
Sam wondered if Roland was having lunch with Julia that day, or if they’d meet up in the marina’s loft where she sewed into sails massive sheets of polytarp on her industrial machine.
“Listen,” he said, not getting why Sam had called him out of the blue like this. “I have to get back to work now.”
“Wait, Rol. I don’t… I want… us to have a nice dinner tonight. Jack should konk out early and I’ll make us something.” Maybe she didn’t have to beg. Maybe if she loved him again, and better this time, he’d let go of Julia.
When he hesitated, she said, “No omelets, I promise.”
“I might be late.”
“Please don’t be. Please come home on time.” It was a simple request, and as direct as she could be right then while maintaining a few grains of dignity. Grains that she would hold in her hands like sand until this all shook out. Until she knew if he was willing to try to.
The Mating Habits of Fireflies
I wake up that morning thinking Jay is next to me. I momentarily consider reaching for him, my hand fumbling through blankets until it clasps his warm wrist or thigh. But, I catch myself. We don’t really reach anymore. Not lately anyway. We’re going through what you might call a rough patch.
I stretch and yawn, trying to keep to my own side of the bed, then realize I am alone. That Jay is gone for the weekend.
My eyes widen and I freeze.
The details of the night before, a night during the summer of my thirty-fourth year, come to me in chips and fragments, making me think of the sea glass I collected on our spring break trip to Myrtle Beach, the frosty shards I took home and glued onto a small, round tabletop that now sits in our den.
There were many beers and games of pool at Larry’s, your standard rural tavern: saturating darkness, balls crashing and thudding into felt pockets, AC/DC playing from large speakers.
There was teasing and winking and a kind of belly bump Jay's brother and I made up each time one of us pocketed a ball.
I felt liked, brimming with contentment for the first time in months. I wasn’t able to walk away from the attention. Or the good time.
While we sat on the front porch, still downing beers, he told me a story about catching fireflies in jars when he and Jay were young and how he thought he could use the bugs to actually set things on fire. He tried it, pinching one between his finger and thumb and holding it to a dead leaf. Instead of starting a blaze, the firefly died in his hand, its yellow-green light fading to nothing. 
Drawing from the knowledge I gained when I once substituted for the sixth-grade science teacher and led a unit on insects, I said, “They’re really ugly bugs. In fact, they’re actually beetles, not flies.”
“?”
“And they die after they mate. I guess they’re not much for married life either.”
The night was quiet. I rubbed at goose bumps that had risen up my arms.
“The girl fireflies look for certain males. They like them to flash faster. An ‘increased flash rate’ it’s called,” I said, knowing I should stop talking. I was starting to sound like a know-it-all.
“Well, you’re just a fount of firefly knowledge,” he said, but he grinned at me, amused. “A regular firefly savant.”
I had to pee, but I didn’t want to get up and leave, didn’t want to break the spell of the moment.
“And there’s a dark underbelly of the firefly world: some are predators with these long, hooked jaws. They’re pretty wicked, if you look at one under magnifying glass.”
He said, “Still not as complex as chicks. You know, human chicks. Women.”
“Right.”
He looked at me, his teeth bright white in the dark.
I said, “I’ve never understood animals and insects that try so hard to mate or to sting, only to die right after. Where are the survival instincts?”
“The sexual instincts win. Sex beats out logic. It’s true.”
I didn’t want to believe that. Fundamentally, I did not believe that. Sex was rarely just sex. At least not for women. Human women. There was, almost always, something else in the mix.
Later, in his mother’s mustard colored house on the showy red sofa, Brian and I yanked each other’s clothes off. I was slightly more sober than him, but was unwilling to stop, to push Brian’s heated body from mine. 
Today my husband and his mother will come back. 
I get up and, with shaking hands, make coffee.
The answering machine blinks, the little, red light reflecting off the refrigerator like an ambulance’s beacon bouncing from storefronts and windshields. The message is from Jay: a weather report, a list of what he ate that day, a run down of what he sees from his window at Limestone Gate where he’s gone to take part in Leola’s rehab from the Xanax to which she’s addicted.
Jay is so dedicated to Leola that he, and I, on summer leave from my job teaching gifted elementary students, relocated from our little house in Lansing, Michigan, with its well-worn ash floors and backyard Japanese maple whose leaves, just then, are a thrilling scarlet. We relocated a hundred miles north to help cleanse Leola of her “prescriptions.”
I miss my floors and Japanese maple and, near it, the tomato plants that stand along a sunny rock wall. I miss the bland, little details that Jay and I pulled together into a home.
I agreed to the temporary move, imagining sitting with Leola through afternoons while she suffered a headache or heartburn, drinking lots of green tea and lounging in the yard, listening to the river and to her talk about theatrical escapades of yore, of her glory days working in community productions and renaissance festivals where she played peasants, tarts, queens, and various characters in between. I imagined reading novels and newspapers. I imagined fetching her cold beverages and being filled with a sense of my large heartedness. I imagined it as an escape.
I didn’t know. Not until one morning in our first week as I went through her mail and she limped from her room in pumps and nothing else, hissing that I didn’t belong there. “You’re an interloper, Meredith,” she said. “You’re keeping Jay from focusing on me and my headaches.” That was what she thought her problems were. Her daughter-in-law and her headaches. Not her addiction.
Her small breasts hung like half-filled water balloons over her ribcage. Her legs were astoundingly smooth but veiny.
Tears glutted my throat. That was when it had become clear Jay and I weren’t on any sort of vacation.

I lean against the counter and sip my coffee, trying to ignore the ache behind my eyes. The phone, an old-fashioned coiled-cord unit, rings and I jump. I almost don’t answer. I am scared to answer. But then I do. I at least owe him that.
“Hey, you’re there,” Jay says.
I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry. I clear my throat, “How’s it going with your mom?”
“It sucks. It’s depressing. Everyone smokes. Some of the stories are just, well, pretty awful.”
I nod, wishing so hard I was just an average wholesome wife, supporting my husband as he supports his mother. But I can’t claim to be that anymore. The thought of what I’ve done makes me wince.
“I hope she’s okay,” I say. My stomach roils and squeals. I think I might throw up in the sink.
He goes into detail, then, about how Leola hasn’t slept since she got there, how her heart rate is up to 120 beats a minute at rest, how she’s slick with sweat all the time.
“That’s horrible,” I say. As far as I knew, the physical part of the detox had been completed last week, when Leola was at Limestone Gate alone. Now they were working on the psychological stuff.
“It is horrible. It’s so hard watching her going through it. She’s a brave lady.”
I chew the inside of my cheek. There is a silence filled with hushed, lashing fuses and regretful heart pumping.
“What about you?” Jay asks. “You sound a little…?”
“A little…?” I sigh.
“I don’t know. Tired? Under the weather?”
“Yeah,” I say. “Both.” I hate myself in that moment.
“But you’re all right?” he asks, wanting me, right then anyway, to be all right. When we first met, he liked me a little splintered. He fancied me a decent candidate for a small-scale rescue. And he liked nothing better than to swoop in and help people who he deemed unfit to help themselves. But, lately his mother’s needs had trumped mine. Me with my tiresome miscarriages, or undoings as I euphemistically referred to them, and my complaints about how much of our money and energy went to Leola.
I draw in a determined breath. I want to get off the phone. And I want to keep him on forever, in this suspension of time before he knows, before what I’ve done becomes real and shakes our marriage down into the damp, early-summer earth. I say, “Totally. I’m fine.”
I hang up and lean over the garbage disposal, sure I’m going to spew what little coffee I’ve swallowed. But, miraculously, I don’t.
When Brian emerges, scratching his stomach, I turn away and put dishes from the drainer into their cupboards.
He comes up behind me, spins me to face him, and grabs the counter, a forearm pressing against each of my hips.
I say, “That was yesterday, okay?”
“Oh, and it never happened?” his breath smells like sewage. He is unconcerned. He nudges my hair away with his chin and his warm lips trail the side of my neck.
“They could walk in that door any minute.” I don’t mention they aren’t expected for hours.
“Let them.”
“No, Brian, please.”
Brian backs away. A moment later, I hear a talk show spring to life on TV. There is much hooting and cheering. I am a cheater, I think. The worst kind of cheater who drags a sibling into her despicable dysfunction.
I take my coffee to the guest room–my room for the moment–and crawl back in bed. Scattered across the nightstand is a mound of pennies Jay left there, a Chapstick tube, strewn receipts, ATM slips. His clothes hang neatly next to mine in the closet.
“Oh, Jay,” I moan.
The TV blaring, the sounds seeming to pound from inside my brain out, I think about when Jay and I first moved into our house, how we made a million trips to Home Depot and worked like crazy patching holes, repairing windows, caulking our bathroom-and-a-half. We saved our money and were able to supplement the few meager pieces of furniture we brought from our barely-off-campus apartment.
We argued over painting the living room or leaving the walls white (I won and they stayed pure); we nailed a birdhouse to a birch tree.
Here, I almost forget how much went into it. It seems, sometimes, that we’ve existed only this past couple weeks on our Leola archipelago surrounded by a seething moat that is the river, officially named Blackbird but locally dubbed Old Crow.
Panic mounts, creeping up my arms and legs.
I want to take it all back. I want to rewind a few years, before things with Jay started their slow, slow crumble, before the undoings, which is how I refer to the three miscarriages I’ve suffered that haven’t seemed to affect Jay much, before I had sex with Brian.
But I can’t, of course. I also can’t pretend nothing’s happened with Brian. I can’t muddle through another few weeks until Jay and I are home, pruning trees, brushing our teeth in the same sink, and reading the Sunday paper together.
I can’t keep it a secret. I will confess the second I see Jay. I know myself.
My breath rips in and out of my body and I jump out of bed, begin throwing clothes into my suitcase. I wobble into the bathroom and grab my shampoo, what little makeup I brought up north.
“What’s up, girl?” Brian calls from the living room.
I stop, a slimy bottle of Pantene in my hand. 
He sits there in a torn, gray t-shirt and jeans, looking utterly sincere. Utterly interested in what I am doing. His eyes are on me and not on a computer screen or in a book or focused on his mother. He sees me. I say, “Are you coming?”
“Where?”
I shrug, “I don’t know.” I imagine us going until we find a little mom and pop hotel, maybe with some flowers parked out front and doughnuts in the lobby for breakfast.
Brian follows me out to his truck, where he keeps his duffel bag and a portable CD player, and fishes keys from his soft pocket. He throws my suitcase into the truck bed, slides behind the steering wheel and pops us into reverse.
We pull away from the small, yellow house with its black shutters and newspaper-sized front lawn, past the driveway that slopes toward the bloated river.
I imagine I can see the truck from behind–Brian’s white blond head and my frizzy curls blowing all around, dust billowing up from the tires and loud music coming from the stereo, fading as we shrink into the horizon.
Good Men
The ad, halfway through the second column, said, “DWM. Tall. Playful soul looking to alchemize with another playful soul.” Annie sat back in the metal chair. She blinked and read the words again. Then she simply stood, taking her paper cup of tea and leaving the newspaper open on the table.
It wasn’t a real newspaper anyway, just one of those tabloid-sized local rags that was more entertainment than shootings, politics, and tsunamis.
She wandered up the street, disgusted. Alchemize? Playful soul? Who thought up that new age crap? Much less printed it for all the actively dating city to see. Where were the guys in suits and ties with good jobs? The DWPMs? The ones who spent their Sunday mornings at church or mowing the lawn rather than hiking with their dogs or lazily feeding their girlfriends scrambled eggs? She wanted men with 401(k)s and pegboards full of tools in their garages. There had to be a few who were available.
A cold wind hurtled between the brick buildings, filling her blouse and pulling a wet gasp from her throat. She tugged her coat more tightly around her waist and, with a free hand, clinched the lapels over her collarbone.
Her Earl Grey had finally cooled enough to drink. She wished she’d thought to throw away the soggy, floating teabag before leaving the coffee shop.
Cars and buses passed her, headlights already flipped on. It was getting dark so early now.
Annie tried to picture herself with a man who meditated in traffic and traveled the inner roads of his being, just as she sometimes, however briefly, imagined being with the men who proclaimed love for their motorcycles and boasted having more than ten tattoos. 
Her little fugue exercises could go on for hours, an entire afternoon if she had time, and they filled her with a disturbed sort of pleasure. She spun out of them shivering, grinning, prepared to feel some relief as her brain leveled and she remembered her real life.
The consolation, however, rarely came.
She turned a corner and roamed up 57th Street. Shops were closing. Couples entered restaurants, at ease with themselves as twosomes. The windows were warmly lit, gold leaf lettering across the glass and, beyond, flickering votives and the smells of braised lamb, lasagna, chocolate espresso cake.
Her lack of direction was, all at once, surprising and familiar. Her slow shuffling up dark streets, while not something she often did, was comforting in its way. Her hours were her own. No one expected her.
By the time she clomped up the steps to her third floor apartment, the evening was frigid and satiny dark. The door, she noted with annoyance, was unlocked. The smell of baked chicken clung to every white wall, had burrowed into the ugly, beige carpet.
Annie shed her coat and moved toward the second bedroom--the studio, they called it. And there he was, oblivious to her, paintbrush in hand, canvas streaked clumsily with color. 
Wishing he was the sort of man who might be just home from work, tie loosened and checking his iPhone or maybe still commuting, his stomach rumbling, she shook her head and said to her husband, “You’ve been at it all day again.”
Weary of You
She loved her old Scrabble set. The board was sturdy. The trays wooden, like small pews. Whenever she opened the game, she ran her hands through the smooth tiles as certain people might run their hands through money: over and under, around her fingers. Sometimes she scooped up the tiles and let them fall, clicking into a slippery heap.
Now, though, all the tiles were laid out neatly, the board a vast diagram of words. She had only three letters left to play.
"Why do you make that sound?" her husband asked, looking up at her from where he sat on the couch.
"What sound?"
"That high sort of sigh. Like a whinny. Every time you think."
She laid her hand on her flannelly chest. She wore her nightgown even though it was just eight-thirty. She liked to change into it as soon as she got home from work. "Only when I play Scrabble, though, right? I don't do that when I'm thinking about other things." She imagined herself at Davis + Davis, whinnying, as Gordon put it, while she compiled quotes or made copies.
"Mostly during Scrabble. Sometimes when you sleep, too. Or balance the bank account." He thought for a moment, and then added, "When we're, you know...when I'm parking the Porsche in its garage."
She registered annoyance at another of Gordon's weird euphemisms for sex, but said, "Are you serious? Why is this the first I've heard of it?"
He shrugged, mumbled, "Seemed like a small thing. I'm really just curious if you're aware of it, is all," and reached for a handful of cashews from the side table bowl.
She said, "Small?"
"In the big scheme, yes."
She tried to concentrate on her three tiles, but could only hold her breath and try not to emit strange noises.
The faucet dripped. Her grandmother's antique mantel clock ticked. Gordon crunched his cashews.
Then there was the clatter of wooden Scrabble tiles, the soft thud of the board hitting the cushion next to Gordon, the rattle of the pews and heavy, wool-socked footfalls down the hallway. The slam of a door.
Gordon shook his head, wiped salty hands on his pants and stood, letting out a sigh of his own, though this one lower and less earnest than his wife's.
He knocked on the bathroom door. He called her name. He hated when she got like this. Things were humming along just fine. A nice Friday night with a Scrabble game, maybe a large pour of merlot later and the sports section before bed. But now. Now he'd spend his evening trying to appease her. Offering her wine. A foot massage. Specially smoothing out the Op-Ed and Cooking pages for her to peruse while they sat propped against their pillows, twin lamps throwing discs of light across their laps.
And she'd be reticent, reluctant. Making it clear she was doing him a favor by letting him wait on her.
Well, not this time.
He went to the hall closet and grabbed his heavy corduroy shirt, letting the hangers clang so she would know he meant business.
Gordon tramped three blocks to the Hot Spot, a grimy little outfit with a pool table, flashing trivia screens mounted to one end of the bar and rows of gleaming liquor bottles that, he suspected, never sat long enough to accumulate dust.
He drank two glasses of house red: a bitter, young blend of sub par grapes.
When he returned home sometime later, having lost badly at a trivia game to a couple who looked like they'd just ridden in on a truck bed filled with gasoline cans and snarly German Shepherds, he hung up his shirt and went right to the bedroom.
To his relief, she was asleep, whinnying. He turned to go into the bathroom when, in the light of the lamp she'd left on, something shiny caught his eye. He looked back at his wife. He stepped closer. He saw that her slumbering body was surrounded by right side up Scrabble tiles and that, above her head like a parenthesis, was the word, Sex. She'd taken a post-it, too, had drawn on it a long, black exclamation point and stuck it to the sheet to emphasize Sex!
He raked his hands through his hair, paced the creaky floor twice and came back to her. He plucked out the letters he needed and, across his own pillow, spelled, Weary and went to sleep on the couch.
Undertake Me
He wears khakis and a blue oxford shirt. He drinks Rolling Rock from a bottle. No black suits or Merlot. We are finishing our dinner of calamari and fish tacos and he asks if I want to go see his office. He says office with a smirk.
I smirk back.
It is our fourth time out together. I’ve known all along his line of work. 
"Sure," I say. "We’ll go to your office."
There are lights on when we get there. Always on, he says. The place smells of peach air freshener. We move through a thickly carpeted foyer, into the room that contains his desk, but is his office only technically. It is also a showroom, of sorts. Along a wall are urns and caskets, labeled by material and price.  A podium stands in one corner, on which rests a binder extolling the benefits of advanced planning.
He pulls me to him and slides his hands up my shirt.
“What do you think?” he murmurs, so I’m aware how close his tongue is to my earlobe.
I lay my hands on top of his. The ceilings are low, the bulbs fluorescent. The room we are in is too warm. I would’ve expected a chill. “Weird,” I say, biting his lip. “But brighter than I thought.”
He is pushing me onto his desk and I land on someone’s written final wishes. 
The desk, I think, trite when there are so many other possibilities.
The first time we went out, I asked what he thought of dying. He said he thought of it only in business terms: Kristen Jones is scheduled to be embalmed tomorrow. Get Mrs. Sturm’s death certificate. The refrigerator needs maintenance. 
Death doesn’t sadden him or scare him or make him, in bed at night, lurch forward to shake off the cold trickling down his lungs. He said he probably lives it up a little, tries things other people wouldn’t.
I say, now, "Is this how you live it up?" I laugh then, so glad I’m not home, trying to fend off the cold trickling as I labor at sleep.
He wants to know why I’m laughing. I help him with my jeans’ buttons and hold the back of his head as he works it down my body. What can I tell him? That I am with him so I won’t think about his profession, so I won’t think about things like the coffins surrounding us or the bodies in his basement refrigerator?
I want to ask if we can dim the lights. But no. He said they were always on. And, anyway, low lights would take away from the irony of all this.
He is inside my underwear now, trying to rub and twist things. I laugh again. I expected him to know what he was doing. Darkly talented, I thought.
"Wait," I say.
"What?"
I feel like we’re being watched. Or something.
He steps back from the desk, runs fingers through his bright blond hair.
I am starting to smell something underneath the peach. Some chemical. Embalming fluid, probably. Formaldehyde? Are they the same thing?
I stand, pulling my shirt back into place.
"I can’t," I say.
He suggests his apartment. It is downtown, just a few miles away.
"I can’t," I say again. 
I do not presume he will drive me.
I use his phone instead--a normal push button, multi-line thing, and call Yellow Cab. I speak to the female dispatcher quickly, quietly.
He scowls, partially turned from me, tucking in his shirt, zipping up.
"Thank you. I’m sorry," I say and escape into the murky night that smells only like car exhaust and poplar trees.
I have to wait under an orange street light for the taxi. I rotate back toward the funeral home and notice the windows, now, are dark.
His SUV waits in the lot, parked diagonally across two handicap spaces. It still hasn’t moved (and I am grateful to not have to watch him speed away while I stand there picking at my purse’s broken zipper) when the Yellow Cab pulls up to my curb.
I tell the driver where I live, where I will sleep, or not sleep. And, as we shoot into traffic, I watch the low building’s black windows until they dissolve into a smear of glinting windshields and burning headlights.
Esther
Esther had long, red hair that was thick and shiny. Her nose was straight and freckled, skin milky. She had dark brown eyes like walnuts, a small waist and hips that flared just enough, but not too much, under her cut-offs. 
Her hands, however, were asymmetrical. She had only one thumb.
The other had been lost to the engine of her green pick-up truck eight years before. It was a stupid mistake–involving a flywheel–she should've known better than to make.
Rick stared at her right hand that lay on the seat between them. "God almighty," he said. "That hurt?"
"What?"
"That...missing thumb? Do you get them phantom pains you sometimes hear about?"
"Nah," she said, shifting into third gear, liking the clouds of dust she could see in her rearview mirror. "Not after the first few months."
Rick propped his elbow in the open window. His jeans were filthy from working calves all day, cutting off their balls at a ranch a few miles back.
He asked, "Can you...I bet you can't give a decent hand job with no thumb."
She smacked his chest and yelled, "That's what the other hand is for, you retard. Do you want a ride or not? Because if you do, you best shut the heck up."
This was her first time meeting Rick and she was driving him between the cattle ranch and her dad's dairy farm as a favor. But she would've been happy to kick him into the rye fields, watching him throw his hat to the ground and seeing his lips form around long curses.
He said, "So, when'd you do it? When you were a kid?"
"I was sixteen." It happened long enough ago to prevent her from forming any illusions that she was beautiful or perfect.
"Shit," he said. It came out like shee-it.
"It's okay," she said. "Keeps me humble."
Up ahead, a cow stood in the road, just hung out there, looking straight ahead.
Esther hit the brakes. She and Rick hopped out of the truck and tried to prod the cow forward. But the cow wouldn't look at them, wouldn't budge.
"C'mon, you bitch," Rick said, pushing one shoulder against her haunches.
She lowed–a long and mournful sound.
"Leave her," Esther said. "I'll drive around."
"The hell you will. You'll get stuck. Besides, it's the principle. She needs to git."
Esther went to get back in the cab, but Rick grabbed her left arm, his fingers pressing white half moons into her skin.
Her thumbless hand grabbed his and tried to pry him away. She couldn't get a grip. 
He laughed at how her small, pale stump wiggled.
She kneed him in the groin, thinking, there, how do you like that you calf castrator. 
He doubled over.
Esther slid behind the giant steering wheel and tore an arc around the cow, startling her, finally, into movement.
She didn't wait around to watch the cow meander off toward the horizon, though. She sped away, simpering at the sight of Rick, still hunched over in the middle of the road.
Saving Eliza
There was a time when dropping my sister Eliza down a man- hole seemed like something that would eventually happen no matter how hard I fought it. I had seen, from our parked car at the Chevron station, the dark space where she would fit. I was always looking for crevices and openings large enough to take her. A kitchen cupboard. A fireplace. A toilet.
The manhole day though, was the day my mother stopped letting me hold her. I had scooped Eliza out of the car seat, lifting her face next to mine: soft and warm and smelling like honey and throw up. Her fat arms flailed, grabbing at my collar and hair. She made little bumbling noises, buzzing her lips in my ear.
I wanted to put her in the hole because she was like that: pudgy and sweet. And I hadn’t been for at least five years.
My mother came out of the station and saw me holding Eliza like a little hang glider over the black abyss of sewage and pipes. “Marnie!” she screeched and ran toward us, her purse falling open, heels clacking across rain-stained pavement. “Marnie, no! Get back! Jesus, Marnie, get back!”
She grabbed us and we stumbled sideways. A heel snapped off. She yanked Eliza from my grip, pressing warm baby forehead to her lips. She limped in circles, both of them crying. Eliza’s face was red, her bottom lip curled under; she clutched the lapels of our mother’s jacket as if she knew she had been rescued.
Plucking the red heel from the edge of a puddle, I followed them to the car, the smell of fuel in my nose and hair. I climbed into the backseat next to Eliza. My mother was blowing her nose and shaking her head. She looked at me in the rear view mirror. “No more, Marnie,” she said in her so-help-me-God way. “No more. You are not allowed to pick up Eliza or push her stroller. Do you understand?”
I nodded. I hadn’t started feeling terrible yet, but it would come. I would crawl under my blankets that night, head first and panting, hoping I died there so I wouldn’t try to hurt Eliza again.
My mother wanted to understand. While I lay snarled in the covers, inhaling my damp breath, she came into my room and patted the lump that was my body. “Can you tell me why?” she whispered. I whimpered because I couldn’t. Eliza was quiet in the next room, so my mother stretched out next to me with her hand on my hip until she thought I was asleep.
My father, though, was sure he knew why I tried to cram my sister into every available cavity. “She’s evil,” I heard him telling her. I was supposed to be in bed, unconscious, but I had heard my name and was standing half way down the hall of our long house.
“David,” my mother sighed, like she’d heard him say it before. “You can’t say that. You can’t even think that.” From my dark spot, I could see her sitting on the living room floor, hunched over a spread of newspapers, gluing her red heel to its shoe.
He sounded equally weary when he said, “But what if it’s true? Even just a little bit true?”
“It’s not true. She plays great with other kids. Everyone says how well behaved she is. She doesn’t stone puppies. It’s something to do with Eliza. She’s just jealous.”
I hadn’t heard the word jealous before. Somehow, though, I thought I knew what it meant. It meant that she was cuter and fatter and better than me.

My urges to hide Eliza never disappeared. But I learned to resist acting on them long enough before my mother died for her to let me push Eliza on the swing and sit opposite her on the teeter-totter. And my father, David, he needed me after my mother was gone to dress Eliza and comb her hair. He needed me to take her, our hands clamped together, from the preschool to his waiting diesel Mercedes that I could always hear and smell before I could see.
We rumbled back to our long house that seemed even longer now that my mother was gone. David worked from home in the afternoons, typing on his boxy, yellow computer in the den, making calls from the kitchen phone. Because he had no time to monitor me, because I was now a dutiful and harmless girl, and because Eliza always had crusty milk on her chin, hair that had turned red and coarse, and a thick cough percolating from deep in her chest, I stopped trying to put her places.

I began counting things: kitchen floor tiles, milepost signs, water drops from a leaky faucet. Whatever number I could reach would be the number to which Eliza would live. I tried for eighty-three. I would sit at the table, eyes bugged out, counting tiles. If some- thing interrupted me, I started over. Up to eighty-three. Sometimes it took an hour or more to get there.
She has lived, so far, to nineteen, still in David’s house, when she comes in and says, “There are a hundred and seventy- four.”
“I know,” I say. “I remember.”
The first time she caught me at this, she sat on the floor with me and helped me count, thinking that once I knew how many there were, I would stop.
“So you’re done,” she says now. 
“Soon.”
She usually laughs at me. This time, though, she coughs her deep, asthmatic cough and says, “Oh, Marn.”
I force my gaze upward, to the plaster walls our mother painted the color of cantaloupe. I cannot think of anything but the tiles. I have to count them or Eliza will die. I will die. Someone will die.
I am shaking, trying to keep myself from looking down. Eliza is mixing powdered Lipton tea with water, not wanting to look at me, to have to tell me again that she’ll be okay if I don’t inventory all the tiles.
I’ve never believed her. I could fly across the room right now, grab a steak knife from the drawer and sink it into her neck. It would be physically possible. I am smaller than Eliza, but wouldn’t I have the element of surprise on my side?
Pulling in lungfuls of sharp, spring air that drifts through the open window, I count again, trying to pretend I’m not, trying to keep from moving my lips with each number.
Eliza takes her cold tea, ice rattling, and leaves me to my job. I am glad, relieved she is no longer in my presence, vulnerable, and that I can carry on with my counting, my protecting.
I am often here at this table, tired already at twenty-four years old, because I don’t like my apartment very much or the boyfriend I share it with. Mike. Who I met volunteering for an American Lung Association benefit dinner, who believes everyone is good, who believes that everything bad can be cured by force of will, who also leaves the room, at least in spirit, when I begin counting or complaining that I don’t know my true nature. That Mike believed me (and every murky-souled murderer alive) to be good, “deep down,” was what helped me see beyond his slight build and wiry, blond beard and motivated me to finally move out of David’s and in with him.
But now I am tired of how he turns his back to me at night when I am writhing in bed, slipping farther under the blankets. He won’t listen when I share with him my fears that I’ll overtake him with the pillow or our heavy, iron skillet. And now he wants to get a cat. I cannot have a cat.
So I am often at this table, counting tiles and thinking of my mother, the only person who seemed willing to try to understand how I tortured myself.
David and I pass in the kitchen doorway. “Have you seen my glasses?” he asks.
“On the counter,” I say. “By the coffee maker.”
With David I can almost turn it all off and just become the one that knows where to find his glasses and keys. Sometimes I think he doesn’t realize I’ve lived somewhere else the past year.
I find Eliza in the basement watching some terrible talk show on TV. She sits on a square of thin carpeting that designates the space as “family room” and leans against our old corduroy couch. Bathed in blue and covered in a ratty, crocheted afghan, she sips from her glass.
Without looking up, she says, “A hundred and seventy-four?”
“I only got as far as fifty-five.” I almost mutter that I’m sorry.
I sit on the end of the couch, wrapping my arms around my knees. Three- hundred-pound women in bikinis prance across a stage before a booing, cackling audience. It smells, down here, like damp earth and fabric softener.
I ask Eliza to turn down the volume. She hits the remote, wiping tea foam from her upper lip. I ask if she remembers how I used to try putting her inside things.
She tips her head back against a couch cushion so she is looking at me upside down. “I don’t know if I remember, really, or just think I do from your stories. It seems like there was a pipe. Aluminum walls. When I screamed it sounded like the whole world screamed.”
I nod, not sure myself if her pipe experience was real.
This is a talk show with no psychological professionals to counsel the sparsely dressed and unstable, only a lot of screaming and howling and bleeped expletives. I look away. “This is inhumane,” I say.
“I know,” she says. “But funny.”
On my way back to the apartment I grind my teeth to keep from tallying stoplights. I drive south on Twenty-sixth, the radio tuned to smooth jazz. There have been talk shows about people like me, people who think they’ve hit a dog with their minivan and backtrack twenty times to find out for sure, unconvinced each time, even without a body, that they haven’t. People who count and hoard and touch things because, in their minds, the rituals keep them safe.
The sun is still setting early. I lower the window a couple inches, letting in dry, frosty air, liking how it feels on my skin and in my mouth.
Mike is on the phone when I let myself in, talking to his organic gardener friend Vince to whom he always tries to sound cooler than he is.
He waves and sort of smiles. He doesn’t like my spending so many evenings and weekend days at David and Eliza’s. I can’t say I blame him. I’ve never been able to explain to anyone’s satisfaction why I am not quite happy in either place.
I drop my purse on our thrift-store sofa, wash my face, brush my teeth and get into bed. My mind whirls, like a hard-boiled egg spinning across a table, wanting to count the number of times Mike says, “I hear ya, man.” Or tick off each shudder of the water pipes.
I am still awake when Mike comes in and kneels on the bed next to me. He pokes my ribs. I pretend I’ve been asleep. “Guess what,” he says. “Vince’s cat had kittens.”
I cannot, at first, figure out how this affects us.
He waits for me to respond and when I don’t, he says, “We can have one.”
I notice the ceiling light is on. So inconsiderate, I think. “I doubt they’ll let us keep it here.”
“They will. I checked with the building manager.”
I squint at the metal closet doors. The apartment smells like burn. Burned toast or burned chicken. Burned coffee? Something burned. I pull the blanket to my nose. My voice is muffled when I say, “And that’s why you woke me up. To tell me we can have a kitten.”
He has sunk farther down on his knees. “Yeah, that’s why I woke you up.”
“Not good enough,” I say and roll away from him. “Turn off the light, Mike.” Even before I’ve finished saying it, I know I sound evil. That I am evil. The boy wants a cat. And I can’t bring myself to tell him again the reasons why it’s not possible to bring a helpless little thing into my proximity.
He wouldn’t believe me anyway. He’d tell me thoughts are far different from actions and that I’m a gentle soul. He’d say he knows because before I got so crazy and afraid to go near kids, he’d seen me play with his nieces. He’d watched me hustle them around a playground, catching them after they shot down aluminum slides, standing under the jungle gym as they scooted up the ladders and swung around the bars.
He doesn’t know that I’d watched them and wondered, thought my horrible thoughts, swallowed my horror and the brick in my throat.
Mike lies his face on top of mine and says, “A soft, furry little thing that
nuzzles up to you at night.” His beard scratches my cheek, rasping back and forth.
I could hit him right now. I could swing my arm up and over and smash him in the nose. Squeezing my eyes shut, I try not to hear him purring in my ear. God, he’s annoying. “Please. Mike,” I say. “Turn off the light.”
He works his way under the sheet and I realize he is naked. When did he take off his clothes? He paws at my back and hips, still rubbing, still purring.
I groan, “Mike, c’mon. Don’t.”
“Maybe we could get two,” he murmurs. “A brother and a sister.”
I pitch sideways and spring up, glaring at him from across the room. He lays on his back, his mouth twitching, his chest visibly palpitating with quick, shallow breaths, his penis withering and pink. He looks at me like he thinks I will hurt him, like he thinks I will pounce with nails and teeth and knees. But only for a second. Then he is up, standing on the other side of the bed. “Christ, Marnie.”
“You wouldn’t stop,” I say.
He holds his hands up, palms out. “All right. No cat. We won’t get a cat.”
I go into the bathroom. There is only the night-light, casting a shell of yellow-orange over one wall. I sit on the toilet even though I don’t have to pee. I rest my face in my hands and breathe through my fingers.
Mike bumps around the bedroom, opening a dresser drawer, probably throwing on some clothes.
Our toiletries sit next to each other on the sink’s edge: his razor and contact solution, my vitamins, hairspray and makeup bag. Seeing our stuff that way makes me think of us in general terms: a guy who sees so much to love of the world and a girl who can hardly see beyond her own terrible opinion of herself. He sounds like the better one. But still, he is annoying.
I flush the toilet and return to the bedroom. He is in the dark, under the covers. I sit on the mattress’s edge. My legs are cold.
Even after my little outburst, he snakes out a hand and massages the small of my back.
I say, “I’m not as good as you think.”
The hum of his old alarm clock is audible. Someone’s unauthorized dog barks from another apartment. “I know,” he says. “No one is. But I can’t help it. Just like you can’t help thinking you’re born to hurt everyone around you.”
I push my toes into the carpet, thinking of my mother and how much she would have liked this skinny, feline-loving guy. “I don’t deserve you.” I swing my legs into bed and sleep next to him, somehow blocking out the sound of the dog barking and my mind whirling.
We wake up late, groggy from too much sleep. Sun is already spreading across the bed, cars already zipping in and out of the parking lot.
Mike gets up and makes his shade-grown coffee in our sticky little kitchen. Sweaty and dehydrated, I go to the closet, take out my thirteen-inch black and white TV, Nancy Sinatra records, my black shoes in every heel height. I load my car with it. Mike watches from where he leans against the counter, sipping from his handle-less mug. He makes no move to help me. Or to stop me. He just says, when I come up to him, “Are you sure about this?” After giving him an it-was-good-to-be-in-your-life hug, I drive to David’s.
When I get there, the house is empty. The coffeemaker is on. I click it off and carry a few things up to my old room that now holds an erect ironing board, someone’s cast-off velour chair and vodka boxes full of my mother’s old costume jewelry, letters she’d saved, pictures of us. Eliza and I have never gone through the boxes. Not really. I dug through them one Halloween, looking for a glittery choker I thought would go with my costume. Otherwise, the boxes just sit stacked in a corner.
I walk back downstairs, pour myself a glass of juice and notice the answering machine light blinking. It is David, for me, saying Eliza had an attack, a bad one, and that she’s being admitted to Overlake. I take my half glass of juice to my car and start the engine, glad the motor is warmed up.
There have been many attacks. The worst I remember happened in school, during recess when Eliza was in first grade and I was in sixth. She ran too close to a ragweed patch or got too excited. Her lungs seized almost instantly. The teacher on recess duty knew, luckily, I kept Eliza’s inhaler in my backpack. We knelt over her on the playground as she wheezed and thrashed, me pushing my hot, little palms over her forehead until the ambulance came.
While she slept in a white, disinfected room across town, there were long nights of David and me alone in the house. We mostly avoided each other. I did my homework and watched “Lost in Space” and “Brady Bunch” reruns in our dank, underground family room and waited for her to come home.
When she finally left the hospital, she was skinnier and somehow more translucent than before. She could play outside for only a few minutes before staggering in for a nap.
She sleeps in the white room again. David leans against the heat register, reading a newspaper. I pull a plastic chair to the foot of the bed and thank him for the message. 
“What happened?” I ask.
He lowers the business section. Softly blowing air from the vent behind him ruffles the paper’s corner. “I don’t know,” he says. “I think it’s that damn basement of ours. It’s too damp. She’s always down there watching TV.”
It could be anything really. The three of us have spent hours theorizing causes of her asthma attacks.
I stare at her IV, daring myself to imagine how horrible it would be to rip the needle from her arm or squeeze her fluid bag. I close my eyes and count to forty-one before Eliza says, “You think you did this, don’t you?” Her voice is weak and hoarse.
“No,” I lie.
“Dad, tell Marnie it’s not her. Asthma isn’t something you inflict.” She coughs, her head rising off the pillow. A string of white saliva stretches between her lips.
David stares at his paper. Faintly, Eliza says, “Dad.” He looks at her and says, “How the hell do I know what caused this? It could’ve been the time you spent two hours under the bathroom sink, right? All that mildew. It could’ve been a hundred things.”
I think I should tell David that he’s supposed to love both his children the same. I should leave. But I don’t. I sit there, gazing out the window at the gray parking lot.
Folding the paper and tossing it onto the window ledge, he mumbles something about getting coffee and is the one to leave the room.
Eliza closes her eyes. She sighs, her chest audibly popping. “You’re both sicker than me, you know that?”
I just raise my eyebrows, pretty sure she refers to our incompatibility until she says, “He thinks he killed mom.”
“What do you mean?” Our mother died alone in her car.
From the hallway, a doctor is paged. I scoot my chair around to see Eliza better, but she is waving me away, her head slumped back into her pillow. She whispers, “He was the one who sent her out for ice cream or something.”
She comes home the next day, shaky and pale. “You’ve always taken such good care of me,” she says as I set up my black and white TV on her dresser. I bring her iced tea and peanut butter toast then go into my own room. I cannot hear what a good care- taker I am.
I move toward the stack of vodka boxes, choose a light one and take it to my bed where I lay all its contents in a horseshoe around me. I touch each photo, each letter, each earring. There, tangled in the other jewelry, is the choker I wanted for my Halloween costume. It’s less than I remembered: smaller and blander, its stones opaque now with age. I hook it around my neck. It lays cold on my collarbone.
David’s voice rises up the stairway. “Marnie! Have you seen the remote?”
I know that I saw it last on the fireplace mantel but I call, “No, I haven’t.” Because I can’t keep saving him. I can’t keep saving everyone.
Full Moon
I am a young widow.
And by young I don’t mean that I am forty-five and that my husband died of a heart attack while mowing the lawn, or even that I’m thirty and have lost him to Hodgkin’s disease.
I am twenty-three. He died in the parking lot of a used sporting goods store a few months ago.
Last year we graduated from Albion and rented the bottom floor of an old brick house in Lansing. I live here now with my husband’s nine-year-old nephew, Daniel, whose mother spends her days and nights in a dank, Kalamazoo Street bar and whose father, Mike, recently remarried and wants to start a new family with his new wife. Living with Daniel is a temporary setup. I know this. But I try not to think about it.
We sit on his bed playing Euchre. He’s perched up by his pillow. I am at the foot, my legs crossed in front of me. Over his head and out his window I can see a sliver of moon, white and glowing.
The house smells like grilled cheese, which is what I made for dinner. I served grilled cheese and oyster crackers and carrot sticks. Milk for Daniel. Amstel Light for me.
“Trump,” he says and cackles.
I pretend to be mad and glare at him. “You little…”
He falls back on his pillow, laughing and rubbing the ThermaCare Heat Wrap around his stomach. He is addicted to them. We go through four boxes of three every week. He wears one across his middle or over his shoulder or around his knee everyday to school. We break open a new one at night that lasts until he is asleep. They are expensive, but I buy them because the kid has lost his parents and uncle.
I’ve tried switching him to a heating pad, at least while he’s home and near an outlet, but he misses the adhesive of the ThermaCare wraps, doesn’t like how the heating pad slides around.
Daniel deals again, handing me five cards. “Did uncle Ryan used to beat you all the time?”
For a second I think he means beat as in punch and kick. Then I realize what he’s saying and answer, “He beat me about forty-percent of the time.”
“Are you letting me win then?”
“No! You’re getting good. Too good.”
Daniel has red-brown hair, clear, pure white moon skin and is starting to wear his pants big and baggy. Ryan would’ve made him wear a belt, but I am easy. As long as his underwear, which is visible when boys wear their pants this low, is clean, I don’t care.
I tell him, after he trumps me again, that it’s time for sleep. He begs, of course, for one more game. “No,” I say. “Sleep.”
We leave his Niagara Falls lamp on: a plastic cylinder around which water appears to be rushing over a cliff and foaming across sharp rocks. I have had it for years, had found it in a second-hand store my third year at Albion, the year Ryan and I decided to start dating.
Unless the moon is full, or close to it, and reflecting enough light so Daniel isn’t scared, he gets to sleep with the lamp on.
I clomp down the hall to the kitchen. It is almost ten. I let Daniel stay up late, as long as I can and still be considered a somewhat responsible guardian. I don’t like the hour alone between his bedtime and mine, but I can’t sleep before eleven, have never been able to sleep before eleven.
I grab an Amstel Light from the fridge and turn on the TV. Blind Date. Ryan would never let me watch Blind Date. “Ha!” I say now. My words reverberate off the mostly empty walls, the particleboard stereo cabinet and the ratty sofa that is covered in orange and brown floral. But of course, I’d rather he was here to tell me to turn off that crap.
The beer goes down quickly and I am up, before the next commercial break, getting another. I drink it reclined on the couch, the remote dangling from my limp hand.
I wake at three-twenty to an infomercial for a vegetable chopper, mad that I missed the date’s conclusion. I lift my fifty-pound head and try to swallow.
There are two empty bottles on the floor next to the couch and three rinsed out by the kitchen sink. Apparently I had seen the date’s conclusion, and several dates thereafter.
God, I’m a jerk.
I take a glass of water to my bedroom, where I will sleep until Daniel wakes me with his high, girlish singing as he pees and washes his face and brushes his teeth. The kid gets himself up everyday. I still can’t believe it. When I was his age, my mother had to turn on all the lights, come to my door every five minutes and, finally, yank me from bed by my ankle while I yelped and flailed for the blankets.

I drive Daniel to school, a mug of coffee between my thighs. I am squinting hard at the road and other cars, trying to act like I feel fine.
The ThermaCare wrap that Daniel stuck over his hip that morning pokes out over the waistband of his jeans. I point this out to him. “From here, it looks like a diaper,” I say.
He works on tucking in his shirt, his too-long bangs falling in his eyes. I feel mean, then, but do not retract my comment. I, in fact, mutter, “You need a haircut.”
He sighs, but says nothing.
I let him off at the curb in front of his elementary school. “Have a great day, kiddo,” I say, sounding tired.
Daniel gives me a little wave, hops out of the car and slings his huge black backpack over his shoulders.
I watch him hoof up the concrete steps, still tugging at his pants, and my eyes sting.
He disappears behind heavy, metal doors and I pull away. I will take him to Outback Steakhouse for dinner tonight. I will drink nothing but Cokes.
I sip my coffee and head to work. Sometimes it is hard for me to believe that I work in a warehouse for a grocery store chain. I drive a forklift all day and tell off guys who make comments about my tits and legs and steering ability. I shouldn’t be working there, I know. I should be in an office somewhere, using my poly sci/english degree, making calls, filing, and writing things. At the very least, I should be brewing lattes at Starbucks.
I did have a more respectable job. Once. I composed speeches for state legislators. It was my first job out of Albion. I wrote for Michigan congress people for six months or so. Until I watched Ryan die. Until I’d gone with his mother to a thickly carpeted mortuary in Okemos to choose a casket. Until I’d spoken at his funeral about how, though we’d been married a short time, we had souls that had melded and how I wished I’d known him as the father of our child. Everyone cried their heads off during that eulogy. Which I’d intended, in a way.
After that speech, I could no longer write about health care legislation and school levies. I could no longer do much.
I go to the wooden bench outside the restrooms and punch Ryan’s mother, Barbara’s number into my cell phone. We talk every few days. We are, for each other, connections to him.
“Becky,” she says, sounding how I wish my mother would sound when I call. “I was hoping it’d be you.” She asks about Daniel.
I tell her that he seems okay, that I want to wean him off the heat wraps.
“Do you need money?” she asks right away. I try not to let her subsidize the heat wraps, or our groceries or rent. But Ryan was too young for much life insurance, and driving a forklift doesn’t pay many bills.
“Maybe just sixty?” I say. “But that isn’t why I called.”
“Oh, I know that.”
I prove it by saying, “I was thinking we could all get together for dinner this weekend.” All being Daniel, me, Barbara and James, Ryan’s father. “I’ll make my manicotti,” I say.
Ryan loved manicotti, and it is the only dish I know how to make well enough to put a my in front of.
We set it up for Saturday night.
Someone else wanders into the break area and stares at bulletin boards plastered with flyers, so I hang up and shove my phone into my back pocket, thinking about Daniel in his math class, hoping the heat wrap isn’t showing over his waistband, hoping he can see the chalkboard through his bangs.
“Hey, McMahon,” the waiting guy says. He is tall and scruffy, with a loose, blond afro and the beginnings of a goatee.
“Louis,” I say. “Hey.”
“You hangin’ this morning or what? You’re lookin’ a little pee-kid.”
I shrug. I don’t want him, or any of the guys to know that I stay home every night with my nephew. So I say, “Maybe a little.”
He tips his head back and laughs. I can see the purple underside of his tongue and his dark fillings. There is a black mole to the left of his Adams apple.
“You should come out with us some night,” he says. They all go to a bar down the street called Simon’s–a gray, smoky room with pool tables in the back so shrouded in blue haze that you can’t see them, can only hear the balls clacking. I went there for a beer when one of the guys was going back to school in September. I’d been wearing an oversized sweatshirt and loose cargo pants, but still had felt, deeply and morosely, the presence of my boobs, the roundness of my hips.
“Yeah,” I say, passing him and heading for the main floor. “Probably not.”

I am loading palettes of diapers onto a truck at ten o’clock, when I know Daniel is in gym, probably playing dodge ball, which he hates, or running laps, which he doesn’t mind. He is a fast runner. The second fastest in his class. 
In my other life, I would’ve been proofing a speech I’d written the afternoon before, waiting for an email from Ryan, who sent me two-liners between classes about his principal, who was constantly pissing him off, or a student who’d cracked him up somehow.
But I am in this life now, wearing a black knit cap over my too-curly hair, dropping Huggies into the back of a semi while Ryan lies underground, colder, even, than I am in this huge, drafty building.

While I sit in the break room, at one of the long tables, watching a Good Times rerun on the ceiling-mounted TV, Louis comes in and starts imitating J.J. Dyn-o-mite! Dyn-o-mite! and jumping around. Then he sits next to me and pulls a sandwich from a crinkly plastic grocery bag. It smells like fish and pickles. “Tuna,” he says and takes a bite, shaking his head. “My mom makes the best.”
I happen to know, from hearing the other guys harass him, that Louis still lives with his parents. He doesn’t care though, or doesn’t seem to. He asks if I heard that Michael Jackson died.
“What?” I say. “No way.”
“Way.”
Then he asks if I want to come over Saturday night.
I look into my bag of Fritos, take my time pulling out a chip. “I have plans Saturday,” I say.
He stops chewing and looks at me. “Did Benjy ask you already?”
Benjy is the nickname of a guy Louis sometimes hangs around with. Benjy wears big black glasses and mostly inventories dairy in the building’s refrigerated section. No one seems to know his real name.
“Ask me what?”
“Out?”
“No,” I take a drink from my Sprite can. “I’m making dinner for some people.”
“What people?” Louis asks, as if it’s his right to know.
“Family,” I say.
He nods and takes another bite of his sandwich. He stares up at the TV, his eyes marbles–glassy and suddenly still.
A space heater groans from the corner of the break room. Over it and Good Times, I can hear Louis chewing. I can feel his elbow pressing against mine on the table.

I am stuffing pasta tubes with beef, crushed tomatoes and ricotta, trying to get Daniel to put down the card deck and set the table. “Don’t make me do this all by myself,” I beg. “Please, Daniel. Just forks, knives, plates and salad dressing.”
Wilco plays on the stereo. Ryan’s favorite CD. I’m not sure if that’s why I put it on. It just seemed to fit my mood. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to listen to Beth Orton again. Or David Gray. Their voices were everywhere when we started going out, when we evolved from college housemates into a couple. Into making dinners for two instead of a houseful. Into begging out of group bar nights to stay home together and rent videos. Into sleeping in each other’s tiny bedrooms.
We had gotten married right after graduation, had found jobs easily in the Spring of ’99 and had known of no reason to wait. We couldn’t imagine that we wouldn’t, at twenty-six, thirty-two, forty-four, feel the same way about each other as we did then.
My mother and Greg, her husband, had agreed to pay for a fifty-person reception at the Kellogg Center. They spent the entire brunch arguing about where to go on their vacation in July while my dad had skulked around the edges of the party, consulting his new iPhone.
Daniel, still living with his father, who wasn’t there, sat between Ryan and Barbara. He was dressed up in a dark gray suit.
He says, “Okay, okay, but watch this trick first. Pick a card from the deck. Any card.”
I sigh, wipe a hand on a dishtowel and grab a card. He makes me look at it and put it back in the deck, then tells me what it was.
“Am I right?” he asks.
“Yep, you’re right,” I say. “That’s neat Daniel.”
He asks me to do it again. I say, “Plates. Forks. Knives. Bleu Cheese. Please.” I do not want to lose my patience with him. I hate losing my patience with him.
He sets his cards gingerly on the corner of the counter and straightens the edges so they are flush, then scrambles to the silverware drawer.
“Get out those cloth napkins too. In the linen cupboard.” A wedding present from one of the old Albion housemates.
Barbara and James show up with a loaf of bread, bottle of Merlot, lilies for the table, a bag of groceries and three boxes of ThermaCare wraps for Daniel. I serve them Havarti to go with the bread and open the wine.
I drink my first glass in less than ten minutes and pour myself another, hoping Barbara and James won’t notice I’m on my second. I sit with them at the table while we wait for the pasta to bake. “Thanks for bringing all this stuff,” I say.
James leans back in his chair and turns down Wilco.
Barbara wears a raspberry-colored blazer with a glittery pin on the lapel. I love how she dresses: her big, silver earrings and cowboy boots and turquoises and reds. I look at her through the wine’s glaze, thinking that she’s totally cool.
Daniel has pulled his chair right up to hers and is pestering her to pick a card. She takes one and then slides it back into the deck. He says, “Ten of Spades.” She claps. James chuckles and shows him a trick called Jacks’ Party.
I am swirling my glass, gazing at the purple Merlot when Barbara says, “I was thinking we could take Daniel for a few nights.”
I look up at her. She smiles through fuchsia lip gloss. “How many?” I ask.
“Oh, two or three.”
James and Daniel are cutting the deck and comparing cards, not listening.
She mouths, “To give you a break.”
I don’t feel like I need a break, not from Daniel. But then, I can’t deprive Barbara and James of their grandson. They had been wintering in Jupiter, Florida, as they do every year, when Mike had dropped Daniel off at my house with two duffel bags of clothes, telling me he figured I could use some company.  
I can handle a few nights without him, I tell myself. Just not the night The Amazing Race is on, because Daniel and I watch it together. Or Tuesday night when we get two-for-one pizzas from Papa Jack’s.
I shrug and say Ok.
“We have the spare room all cleaned out and James put in bunk beds.”
“Bunk beds,” I say, wondering if they mean for Daniel to spend more than just two or three nights in them. Louder, to Daniel, I say, “Bunk beds.”
He looks up from his cards. Through his striped shirt, he readjusts the heat wrap on his chest.
“At grandma and grandpa’s,” I explain.
His eyes shoot back down to his cards. “Cool,” he says softly.
I take another swallow of Merlot and say, “How about Wednesday and Thursday?”
Barbara agrees. James will pick up Daniel from school. I will have the nights free.
When the oven timer bleats, I dish up the manicotti and empty the wine bottle into our glasses. I give Daniel a cup of chocolate milk and apple slices instead of the spinach salad I made.
Thinking of those two nights coming up, I can barely eat.

I am reversing a shrieking forklift, moving it in to get a palette of paper towels. I see Louis down on the floor, counting peanut butter cases and writing on a clipboard. He nods at me and grins, pantomimes jerking the lift’s steering wheel and crashing. I flip him off and can hardly believe I used to wear suits and sip espresso at my desk.
Now it’s old coffee with powdered creamer for which we have to put a quarter in a Maxwell House can each time we take a cupful.
When I’ve finished loading my stock into the waiting trailer, I climb down from my seat and go to the break room, digging in my pocket for my coffee quarter.
Louis shows up next to me and grabs a cup. I fill it for him. “That was some fancy drivin’,” he says and laughs.
“Shut up,” I say. But I laugh too.
We sit down and watch Ellen. Louis jiggles his knee and ignores the coffee he’s set on the table. It smells like cigarettes in here, even though you’re supposed to smoke outside. And it is cold. I hold my elbows as I ask Louis if he wants to come over tonight.
“For what?” he says, his eyes sparklers.
“For a beer. I have some leftover pizza. We can watch the Pistons game,” I say, though I hate basketball.
“Yeah?”
“If you want.”
“What’s the occasion, you inviting me to your house?” He runs fingers through his frizzy hair.
I say, “I have the place to myself. My nephew’s at his grandparents.”
He clenches a piece of green gum between his molars. He nods with his whole body. “All right,” he says. “All right. Pizza, beer and Pistons. Is it gonna be just me and you?”
“Just us,” I say.

Louis comes to my door with a six-pack of Michelob under one arm. He wears his standard baggy jeans and red windbreaker that shushes as he moves to my refrigerator, finds a spot for the beer and pops the caps off two bottles.
The caps skitter across the countertop. He picks one up and, with his thumb and middle finger, shoots it toward the wastebasket.
“Nice house,” he says.
“Thanks,” I say. I know it’s not that great, but better than an apartment in a complex. Or living with your parents. “I’m just renting.”
He goes to the stereo cabinet and studies the CDs. “The Guess Who?” he says, scowling.
“That was Ryan’s,” I explain. I didn’t have to. I could’ve just said, Yeah, I got into them in college. But I had wanted, I suspect, to say Ryan’s name out loud, to remind us both of his presence here.
“Yeah, Ryan’s,” Louis says, chewing gum as he drinks his beer. He knows the general story, that I am a widow. Everyone at work knows somehow. “Those his Blades too?” he asks, nodding toward a pair of inline skates propped by the door.
“They were both of ours,” I say. “We had the same size feet.”
“So you couldn’t ever go Bladin’ together?” he asks. And I find it oddly touching that he would notice that my dead husband and I couldn’t go skating at the same time.
I say, “We were looking for another pair. Used…” my voice trails off as I realize we’re plumbing this subject too deeply.
We sit on the couch, a cushion apart, and flip on the TV as if we’re in the warehouse break room.
“What channel’s the game on?” I ask, my finger working over the remote.
“Fifty,” he says.
Channel fifty is still in pre-game chatter and I’m not hungry enough yet to heat the pizza. I ask Louis about his brother, who used to work at the warehouse with us, but moved to a job on the city’s south side where they make plastic lids for paper cups.
He says he doesn’t want to talk about Jackie and kicks my foot off my knee so I’ll hit him, which I do. And, suddenly, the cushion between us is gone and I can smell his Michelob breath and feel it on my ear. He has my forearm twisted in his hand and I am doubled over with my head on his chest, trapped.
It is like we are eleven, wrestling because we lack the maturity to touch in an intimate way. Until he says, “I want you McMahon. Becky. Rebecca.”
I think: I am too sober for this. I reach for my beer, but he yanks me back to his chest.
“Did you hear me?” he says, through gritted teeth.
“I heard you,” I say, as the basketball is tipped off, as whistles blow and tennis shoes squawk across floorboards.
He lets me go. I drink from my bottle, a long, slow drink during which I close my eyes and listen to the crowd cheer. I ask if he wants another and, without waiting for his answer, stand deliberately and move in measured steps to the kitchen.
While I’m in there, popping off caps, he calls, “Is it mutual, Becky?”
I come back and try to sound surprised and amused. “Do I want you?”
Look at him, his knees so far apart they don’t look of the same torso, his jeans hanging low over the tops of his Nikes, his wild, curly hair. He’s a punk. He’ll work at the warehouse forever, or at least until Jackie gets him a job at the plastic lid factory.
I set our beers on the floor next to our feet, sit with one ankle tucked under me and kiss him.
He reaches for my breasts, softly, reverently. I hear myself moan, my mouth somewhere in his.

One of us, must’ve been him, had had the foresight to turn off the TV before we fell asleep in front of it, our clothes in balls around us and trailed across the dusty floor.
It is dark, sometime between midnight and four a.m., I guess. Louis breathes loudly through his mouth, almost snoring, one bare arm thrown around my bare back. I am shivering, but would rather shiver than wake him, than have to talk to him through my dry mouth, with my naked legs wrapped around his.
Maybe I could untangle myself and sneak to the bathroom without rousing him into full consciousness.
God, I think. Louis, from work. Here on my couch. On my and Ryan’s couch.
I look over my shoulder, out the window. There is no moon. It might be cloudy. Perhaps even foggy. The streetlights seem blurry, haloed.
I sleep again, for what feels like a few minutes. I wake up still trembling. But this time it is because I’m remembering.
We had just left Charlie’s Replay Sports, where we’d been looking for skates, and crossed the parking lot, jumping puddles. We’d been arguing about rent. Ryan thought he’d paid it, but I knew the check hadn’t cleared. It’d been a stupid fight. A tragic last exchange.
A mini-van backed from its spot, arcing left, going too fast for reverse.
If Ryan had been taller, maybe, it would’ve only pinned his legs against the parked SUV. But he’d been short and the bumpers of both vehicles had crumpled around his stomach.
The mini-van sat there for a few seconds, the driver trying to understand what was happening. I screamed, “Pull forward! Pull forward, dumbass!”
Ryan was grimacing, breathing hard, the brake lights glowing red on his face. When the mini-van finally inched away, he dropped to the pavement. He was conscious and crying. I was trying to keep his head out of a pothole of muddy rainwater, holding it in my hands, finally stuffing my leather jacket under his ear, which was bleeding.
The mini-van driver called an ambulance on his cell phone, apologizing, saying “Oh my God,” over and over. For a long time, I could see Ryan’s frosty breath tumbling from his mouth and nose. A few people had gathered. An employee from Charlie’s had come jogging out and was asking what he could do. A woman, about Barbara’s age, crouched next to me, telling Ryan everything would be okay.
Then I heard the siren. I didn’t, until it screeched into our little parking lot, realize it was for us. I remember being surprised when it pulled up next to the minivan, when the paramedics ran toward us and started working on Ryan.

Louis had an early shift that morning, had gotten up at six, found his clothes, slammed some orange juice and headed out to his car. I moved to my bed and slept until almost noon. 
For breakfast/lunch I eat the pizza we hadn’t touched. I shower and in my robe, with dripping hair, go into Daniel’s room. We could fit bunk beds, I think, along the east wall. He wouldn’t have such a clear view of the moon, but maybe he wouldn’t mind. We’d turn on his Niagara Falls lamp every night.
I barely see Louis that afternoon. I just drive my forklift, trying not to hear the squealing reverse alarm that is killing my head, trying not to itch in the back brace I have to wear all day.
I pass him by the bathrooms, when I am contemplating calling Daniel, who will be at Barbara and James’ by now, home from school.
“Hey Beck,” Louis lifts his chin at me. He stops, tries to caliper my forearm. I step back, bumping into the wall. “How are you feelin’?” he asks.
“Okay,” I say.
He grins and asks, “So, did the Pistons win last night?”
“I don’t know. How would I know? Ask Benjy.” I go into the bathroom and sit in the stall for a long time. All I can think of is Daniel.
And all I can think of that night, as I flip through channels and rotate my Rollerblade wheels, is Daniel. I call him to say goodnight.
Barbara answers and says that they are playing a DS. Since when, I wonder, did Barbara and James get a DS? She puts Daniel on. His hello, his soft, nine-year-old hello makes my throat swell. “Are you having fun?” I ask.
“I guess so.”
“Do you sleep on the top bunk?”
“Last night. Tonight I’m going to sleep on the bottom.” I can tell he’s doing something else as he talks.
I ask if he has enough heat wraps. And then I am crying, though I try to sniffle into my sleeve so he doesn’t hear.
He says he has two more, one for tonight and one for school tomorrow. He says that grandma wants to talk again.
“Okay, Daniel,” I say, trying to inhale without my breath catching. “Goodnight then. I love you, okay?”
He hasn’t heard me say this but, without hesitation, he tells me he loves me too.
Barbara comes back on and I hear her suggesting that Daniel go show James his high score. To me, she says, “I was thinking about another night,” at the same time I say, “You want him another night.”
“We just have so little time with him, really,” she explains.
I push the tip of my Allen wrench into my palm. It makes tiny, hexagonal indentations. I push and push, making as many marks as I can before they disappear. “You can see him whenever you want, Barbara.”
“Yes,” she says. “Well. Maybe if he stays with us for a bit, it’ll give you time to work through things.”
And I know she’s talking about the wine. And the beer, from which there were two huge Rubbermaid tubs of brown bottles for recycling when she and James were here for dinner. They had been just inside the laundry room. I want to wail that I only drink after Daniel has gone to bed, that I barely even drank before Ryan died.
But I know she is right. I mutter only, “I can put in bunk beds too.”

I sit on the foot of Daniel’s bed. The moon is full, soft and yellow over the pillow and blankets. It shimmers off his cheeks as if they are lit from inside. He is sleeping, or pretending to. I can’t quite tell. Though he didn’t flinch when I ran my hand over the lump in the bedspread that is his calf.
He is here only a night or two a week now. We’re not on a particular schedule. He tells Barbara when he wants to come and they let him. Or, it has happened that I’ve called them and pleaded for Daniel for a night.
Some days I miss him so much that I have to lie in his empty bed and watch his Niagara Falls lamp until the ache for him subsides a bit and I start thinking of things that need to get done: dishes, bills. Often it can take an hour or more for me to get up.
I suppose that I’ll someday get used to the quiet, to waking up most mornings on my own. I am not used to it yet.
Daniel moans, and I can hear his heat wrap crackle as he turns on his side.
I have accepted that this is the best arrangement. A boy living with his grandparents makes more sense than a boy living with his aunt by marriage. It’s almost like he has parents again. And he still has me. He’ll always have me.
I want to wake him up now, to make him shuffle his card deck and deal me a euchre hand. I won’t, of course, but I want to.
Instead, I keep sitting there, looking at him, thinking how, even though his living with Barbara and James is probably the best thing, that I’d rather be doing this than drinking beer with Louis or looking for a better job or watching smarmy reality TV. I’d rather be watching Daniel sleep under the full moon than anything else.
A Thousand Times
A girl named North, who wore sandals, a scarf around her head, and a long cotton dress that grazed the ground as she sat on the concrete half wall, ate soup from a Styrofoam bowl. 
Technically, it was too gray and damp to eat outside. But she wanted to talk to Todd. She needed to say things she couldn’t in front of her roommates.
He shoveled noodles into his mouth with a plastic fork and sipped from a tall cup of Pepsi, to which he’d added a generous splash of whiskey.
“So?” he said, licking his fork, in a way she hated. “What are we discussing today?”
North gazed at the neglected shrubbery lining her apartment building. It wasn’t unusual to find beer cans lying underneath the foliage or someone’s sock twisted among its branches or, once, an ugly cotton bra lying neatly across the top of a boxwood as if the boxwood were a dressing table.
“Am I always trying to discuss things with you?” she asked. “Does it feel that way?”
“Eh,” he wiped his mouth on the sleeve of his sweatshirt. “You’re a chick. It’s to be expected.”
His remark would’ve offended North, except that she didn’t care enough to be offended.
She said, “I think we need to cool it. Stop hanging out together so much.”
He sighed and, in a deadened voice, asked, “Why?”
“Because, we’ve talked about this. I think spending so many hours with you is hindering me from finding the person I’m supposed to be with.”
She slurped some of her hot and sour soup, liking how it warmed her.
“Yeah,” Todd muttered. “And every time you say that, you just keep on calling me. And we keep on going to movies and sunsets and hikes.”
“Well, I mean. I like you.” Except, perhaps, the way he licked his fork and toted a flask everywhere he went.
He said, “You just don’t like me like me. You’re using me for company. I’m okay with that.”
“You can’t be.”
“I am,” he said, as a soft, soundless rain started falling around them.
North smelled earth and car exhaust and, of course, her hot and sour soup.
He said, again, “I’m okay with that. For now.”
Gazing up the street at a rumbling, battered Volkswagen Beetle, North sighed. The relief she’d felt when she’d started her pronouncement withered.
She kicked the concrete wall with her be-clogged foot. 
“You’ll love me in time,” he said.
Oh Jesus, no. She shook her head. She would never love him.
He just… made himself so available. He was such a golden retriever.
She needed to prove that spending time together would not equal eventual adoration.
North balanced the Styrofoam bowl in her palm and held it over his head.
“Don’t,” he said.
She dumped it, broth and noodles streaming through his hair.
“I’m mean!” she yelled. “I’m awful. I’m no good!” 
He puffed out his cheeks and used his sweatshirt to wipe his face and her water bottle to douse his hair.
She hoped she hadn’t burned him. But now he knew.
“I can’t believe you did that,” he said. He looked different wet. Slightly dangerous.
North nodded.
Todd took a swig of his Pepsi and whiskey then resumed eating his own noodles.
She debated storming inside to further prove her heartlessness, when two girls wearing jeans and UW sweatshirts passed.
“Hey Todd,” one of them said, gazing at him extra long over her shoulder, even winking.
Noodle hanging out of his mouth like a mouse’s tail, he grinned.
And North thought, Oh, wait.
How A Girl Grows
I walk past my daughter’s bedroom, past the black and red and purple blur of Murder City Devils and Doors posters that cover the beautiful pine paneling of her vaulted ceiling. She lies on her stomach, diagonally over her long bed, head and feet hanging off either end. I try not to look in. Eyes ahead, or on the laundry basket resting at my hips.
There is always a glance though. Or a sniff of stale, balled socks poorly masked by a fruity candle she’s burned. An ear pricked to the offensive dirge of her music.
It is always difficult, too, for me to pass without calling out a few words. “Dinner’ll be ready in ten minutes,” I say.
She nods with her body, the mattress rolling under her.

It is almost impossible, even though I’ve been witness to it for a long time, not to notice Allison’s head skimming the dining room’s ceiling beams. Last year, when she was a sophomore, I would catch my breath and shake off my terror when she came into a room. The sight of her long body folding into a chair sent me into paroxysms of guilt and fear. But this year, I think her growing has slowed, that it may even stop soon.
She sits in the chair facing the sliding glass door, out which she often gazes during mealtimes. Tonight, her eyes trip from plate to water glass to kitchen clock to bird feeder in the bur oak, taking in nothing.
“How’s the column coming?” I ask.
She looks at the pumpkin ravioli, the hunk of sourdough in her hand. Her voice comes as a surprise to people who haven’t heard her speak: softly and liltingly. She sounds like a sexpot, my daughter. Like a Marilyn Monroe or Pamela Anderson. She hates her voice. “Stuffed cucumbers.”
Gourmet Girl, for which she creates her own recipes and tests them in our kitchen, started as an English project. Students submitted story ideas to the Herald-Republic for one-time publication. Allison’s was picked up permanently.
I remember well the day her teacher announced the news. Allison came home on tiptoes, almost hopping. She had something special, something besides height.
“The sauce is a little thick,” she says.
“I know. I got folding clothes and it globbed up.”
She scowls.
I say, “Just because I’m not a culinary prodigy, okay? I could be feeding you fish sticks and tater tots.”
“Yeah, well,” she smiles a little. “I get the raw end of the deal.” Because on her nights to cook I am served amazing things. Dishes so vibrant or so perfectly subtle that I have to close my eyes when I chew.
“No one can iron shirts like I can,” I say. Allison’s long shirts and long pants that we have to buy in a Seattle store called Tall Girl. For which we drive through the Cascade mountain range three times a year.
She shrugs because she cannot argue. Every week I provide her a closet of straight, pressed clothes–beautiful clothes in blacks and grays and crimsons so that even though people call her Stretch and Too Tall, they can’t call her badly dressed.
Or maybe she shrugs because I’m not worth the argument.
I’d almost hoped, a few years ago, that exceptional stature would lessen her mother-directed teenage disdain. There was a time soon after her father died (which was, of course, horrible and dark and tragic), when she was thirteen and I thought we might glide right through the teen years relatively unscathed. She was six-one by then, taller already than anyone in her class and most teachers and willing to forgive me anything as long as I provided her a refuge from the laughing and teasing at school.
She chattered through our dinners together and often afterward on the couch pressed the side of her long, warm body to me and did her homework that way or read books like Larousse Gastronmique and Under the Tuscan Sun.
Her idolatry, however, soon mutated into sullenness and anger, so every time she looked at me I felt accused of something.
Her knees hit mine under the table and through her bread she mumbles, “Sorry.”
I hear her throat squeak when she swallows, her spine crack as she hunches over the table for another bite. After a few minutes, she says, “Something bad happened today.”
My heartbeat picks up. “What?”
“Gourmet Girl was cut.”
“What do you mean cut?”
She drinks water, ice sliding against her upper lip. She lowers her glass and says, “Cut for this week. Too much newsy news. Not enough room for apple and onion tartlets.”
“Oh, Ally. I’m sorry.” But I’m also relieved. The bad thing that happened that day could have been so much worse.
She watches a red squirrel twirl its way up the bur oak. “It’s okay.”
“That’s publishing, I suppose,” I say.
She is no longer listening though, is perhaps, conjuring worse scenarios, worse bodies, worse fates.

Gourmet Girl is cut the following week and the week after until I threaten to call the editor and ask her: Don’t you know? How can you not know what this weekly assignment means? How can you, with the slash of a pen or your keyboard’s delete button, just exterminate this thing that is so good for my daughter?
Allison negotiates me out of it, says the editor is sorry, always very sorry, that it’ll reappear eventually. And I can’t tell if Allison is truly upset over this. So I don’t call, but I want to. I think about it every time I pass the phone, every time it bleats at us. I would do more if I could. I would tail her to school and, with the force of my hard gaze preempt whispers and looks and cackles. I would sit in the office of Carol Sugar, the volleyball coach, until she agreed to stop stalking Allison. I would do more than just order her long clothes and mattresses. If she’d let me.

There is a dance. I try to distract Ally from it. I suggest a weekend in Spokane or at least a play Saturday night. But she wants the barely lit gym, the smell of sweaty boys, glitter that girls wear on their eyelids for these things.
There have been other dances, of course. None, though, she’d been interested in. “Is there a particular boy?” I ask. She scowls at me. I wish the thirteen-year-old version of Allison were here in place of this sulking thing.
I wonder about future versions of my girl: how tall she will be when she starts college. And my heart surges. Will we have to raise doorways, lengthen bathtubs? Will height eventually cripple her, cause her to walk with a cane and lean on things just to stand? Will she someday be the subject of school assemblies for which she lectures the benefits of “being different”?
Because I don’t want her to be different. I want recognition of her culinary skills, higher grades, maybe a husband and subsequently a child who won’t have to be screened for Marfan’s syndrome or an overactive pituitary because people can’t imagine how a girl grew so tall.
Or maybe she will have a son. A basketball player who only has to go to Big and Tall stores that we even have here in southeastern Washington.
“A dance,” I say, laying the novel I am trying to read in my lap. “Do you need a ride?” Because it’s winter and our car is manual transmission, she has not yet gotten her license.
She says Nicole is driving.
“Nicole drives a Civic.”
“I can fit in her Civic.”
She wears black pants and a light gray sweater. Her hair is in a ponytail and I can’t stop chanting in my head: Please God, let her dance. I almost keen with the words, trying to read my book, regretting what I’d said about the Civic.

The dance ends at ten. By 10:30, it’s still just me in the house. Several times I pull back the curtains and look into the driveway, as if this will bring her home. Cold comes off the glass and, with my fingertips, I rub at the condensation.
There is no question that I will not sleep. I am more awake at midnight than two hours before. I walk the house, upstairs, into her room. I flick on the light, look at her posters, the first Gourmet Girl I had framed for her last birthday that hangs a foot higher than anyone else would’ve hung it, her iPod, candles, a stuffed cat and the brown, quilted extra long twin bed.
My fear, of course, is that she had a miserable time, that her friends all bucked around to their songs while she sat on a too-small chair or crouched in a bathroom stall, then left early. Left alone.
It is almost twelve-thirty when Nicole’s Civic pulls into the driveway and two figures, one only slightly more upright than the other, lurch to the front door. I can see right away in Allison’s face (I had, in fact, known by the her gait) that she’s drunk.
Her eyes shimmer at me. Her cheeks are red, her lips and tongue slow when she thanks Nicole.
I thank Nicole, too, then sit Allison in a Shaker rocking chair that had been a wedding gift. I get her a glass of water. “Take as much as you can,” I say. “It’ll help.”
She drinks like she did when she was four, gulping until she’s out of breath and not caring what clings to her upper lip. She belches softly. I refill the glass. “Aren’t you at all mortified that I’m seeing you drunk?”
She shrugs her infuriating shrug.
“Did you dance?” I ask.
She rolls her eyes. “Once. With stupid Tim Dwyer who is about five-one without his Prince boots.”
“And then you went out with Nicole?” I crouch in front of her, cover her hands with mine.
She nods. “Can I go to bed?”
I give her hands a squeeze and step back. “Yeah, you can.”
She hoists herself from the chair and clumsily pushes hair from her face. When she turns, I see a greasy streak on her sweater that I will have to soak and scrub, but say nothing. At the bottom step she pivots back around and says, “You’re mad, aren’t you? I mean, I would be if I were you. I’m shit-faced. I mean…” She looks down at herself.
“Just go to bed, sweetie. Okay? Just go on up to bed.”
She sighs and takes her long, long body up the stairs.
Her door closes and I let myself breathe. Even though she is hidden away, I try not to smile. It feels like it did when, in second or third grade she came home from a birthday party, hair dripping from the Holiday Inn pool where she’d swum, her cheek bulging with a giant jaw-breaker, her body swaggery and confident as she dropped onto the couch to watch TV.
I asked then if she had fun and she’d shrugged. But I could tell by her blue tongue and bloodshot eyes that she had.

I hear her retch once during the night. I get up, wrapping myself in an afghan, and go to the bathroom door. My plan had been to enter, come up behind her and scratch her back, hold her hair. But it occurs to me that she wouldn’t want that, wouldn’t want me to know. So I stand there, my feet freezing on the wood floor, the afghan hanging heavily from my shoulders. She spits into the toilet, coughing and swearing. Poor girl.

She refuses breakfast, fixes herself a cup of black tea and eases onto the couch, propping her feet on the coffee table.
“Feeling pretty rotten? I ask.
She drags the tea bag back and forth in the mug. “Yeah.”
I am scrambling an egg for myself. My fork clangs the sides of the frying pan. “Mind if I ask what you drank?”
She sips and grimaces. “Mom,” she says.
“I’m just curious.”
Her head falls back against the couch and she says, “Wine coolers.”
“Was Nicole drinking, too?”
“Some.” Her fingers reach all the way around the mug.
I dump my egg onto a plate, sprinkle it with salt and pepper and eat at the table before saying, “She’s probably not getting off as easy as you.”
Allison’s head snaps in my direction. She winces, then says, “Why am I getting off easily?”
I point the fork to my chest. “Because. I understand that last night was a rite of passage. And maybe even something you needed.”
She doesn’t sound at all grateful when she says, “That’s right. You’re the worldly-wise mother. I sometimes forget.”
This is one of the moments I want to walk up to her and ask where Allison is.
I rinse my plate and silverware, toss it into the dishwasher. I fill the eggy skillet with water, annoyed, ready to disappear into another part of the house, when I look up and see her with one hand over her eyes, her shoulders shaking.
I, of course, drop the skillet and go to her, wrapping an arm around her back. Her face is red, lips flattened against her teeth. Horrible, heart-breaking noises come from her. From between her fingers she says, “I just feel so lousy.”

That night I dream Allison has grown too tall for our house. The rooms are too small for her to even hunch over in. She can only sit on the lawn, trying not to crush shrubs with her knees or knock gutters loose with her forehead.
“I’m sorry,” I say. “We’ll remodel. We’ll add another story.”
She is resigned, turning up the palms of her table-sized hands and saying in her sexpot voice, “It’s okay, Mom. We’ll figure something out.”
Cars full of people drive past, slowing to gawk. I aim my garden hose at their rolled down windows and scream at them. Allison seems not to notice any of it.
“Until then,” I say, “I guess you’ll have to sleep in the back yard.” That is when rain begins falling, a few drops at first, pinging our scalps, then dampening our hair and clothes. I can’t bring her inside, can’t string up any sort of tarp in time.
I wake up panting. My nightgown has twisted around me, caught between my thighs. The room is dark and damp from my sleeping, sweating body. I get up, go to her room and look at her from the doorway. I think if there were space, I’d get into bed with her and sleep with my hand under her cheek.
She faces the wall, her hair splayed across the pillow. I hear the occasional soft sigh, tiny mewls escaping her throat. Her covers have come untucked where her feet dangle off the end of the mattress. I creep to her bed, grab handfuls of sheet and blanket and drape them over her heels, stuff them back between the mattress and box spring.

Ronald is the cousin of a woman I know from my book club, the man I’ve agreed to have dinner with at the new Tribal Casino out on Highway 90. I haven’t met him before tonight and, though I’m not exactly excited about dining amid the ringing of slot machines, I’m looking forward to an evening out.
He comes to pick me up. His trousers are pleated, his golf shirt bright green. His hair is slicked off his face with something shiny that smells like limes. He’s about six feet tall and not so bad looking if you don’t mind the shell-like hair and hardware jingling in his pocket.
He compliments my sweater, then the house. “Big,” he says, sticking his head into the laundry room and den.
I say, “I hope you mean the house.”
We laugh.
Allison comes downstairs then and pulls her favorite skillet and slotted spatula from the cupboard. I introduce them.
“Wow,” he says. “This is your daughter?” He steps toward her and checks her out as if she’s a chestnut mare. “How tall are you?”
She unscrews the cap from a bottle of grapeseed oil and gives her standard: “Tall enough.”
He snickers, grins at me. “Wow,” he says again.
The gas burner ticks on and I gather my coat and purse.
“So,” Ronald says to Allison. “Is it hard finding boyfriends? I bet the guys at school are scared as hell of you.”
Ignoring him, she pours oil into the pan.
“I know I would be,” he says.
I announce, “I’m ready to go, Ronald.”
He jingles the keys, change, whatever is in his pocket. He takes a few sideways steps.
I am swallowing hard, trying to catch Allison’s eye, putting on my coat. I can’t help thinking of a caged animal, a beautiful loping giraffe at the zoo or a gazelle being pelted by rocks, tormented by onlookers.
Allison glares at me and I give her a stay strong nod.
“Are you in sports, at least? Basketball or volleyball?”
“Actually,” she says. “I suck at both.”
I say, “She writes Gourmet Girl for the Herald-Republic.”
There is a silent moment where I stare hard at Ronald, he ogles Allison, and Allison concentrates on mincing garlic. 
I tell him again that I’m ready to go.
He turns to me finally and says, “Was her dad like Larry Byrd or something?”
I drop my purse onto a chair arm and say, “Okay. You know what? I can already tell this isn’t going to work out. So let’s part ways right here. Goodnight, Ronald.”
His mouth opens: a gray hole of fillings and fleshy tongue.
“Aw, you’re angry. Protective mother bear, huh? Listen, I didn’t mean anything bad.” He looks at Allison and clutches his chest. “I’m sorry.” Then he says to me, “I’m sorry. I’ve been rude. I was just taken aback. It’s not every day you see a seven-foot tall girl.”
“She is nowhere near seven feet,” I say. “Get out.”
“Seriously?”
“I’ve never met someone so insensitive. Ever.” I stand there, still wearing my coat, until I hear his engine turn over and his car pull away.
Allison sautés garlic, pushing it around the pan with the spatula.
I wrap my arms around her waist, press my temple to her shoulder. “I’m so sorry about that.”
The garlic sizzles, the smell so intense I can taste it. She lifts the pan, tilts it. Underneath her sweatshirt the muscles and tendons in her arm shift and snap. “Gosh, Mom, that was a bit of a scene.”
“A scene?” I say.
“Your kicking him out. Why’d you do that?”
I step back. “Because,” I say. “Because.”
She goes to the refrigerator, scoops out a handful of crimini mushrooms. Over the sink she brushes off their dirt and cuts off their stems. She begins to slice them and I think I see the knife shake in her hand.
“Because,” I repeat. “He was abusive. To you. I won’t spend time with a man like that.”
The blade pulls through the mushrooms like it would pull through Styrofoam, or nothing. She says, “It’s a good thing you’re setting an example like that, Mother, so I don’t someday end up with someone abusive.” The quietly she adds, “or someone.”
I drop my coat on a chair. I can’t understand what this creature is saying. “What? Why do you think I would prevent you from being with someone?”
She shrugs.
“Don’t shrug at me. Please don’t shrug at me ever again.”
“Sorry,” she mutters.
“Or mutter.” I cover my face with my hands. “No more muttering. You can’t tell me I’m overprotective, if that’s what you’re trying to get at. You can’t. I let you go to dances. I let you go out with your friends. I let you come home drunk. I want you to experience everything you can. Except abuse.”
She nods, never looking up from her mushroom slicing. I’m not sure if she nods because she understands or to quiet her lunatic of a mom.
Allison transfers the mushrooms to the pan, stirs them into the butter and garlic. The sweatshirt she wears, an old one that belonged to her father, is short. The hem stops at her waist, the sleeves above her wrists. She wears it anyway, whenever she can.
She looks up from the stovetop. “You should’ve seen his bald spot.”
“How big?”
“Grapefruit-sized.”
I can’t quite laugh, but I snort and shake my head.
Still wearing the black, denim jumper I’d put on for dinner at the casino, I hand her spices and cheeses as she asks for them.
The omelet is excruciatingly delicious. So delicious that I fix my eyes on the paneled wall over my daughter’s shoulder as I eat, wanting nothing to distract me from its taste.
Prune
From the stuffy back room where she sat with her cello balanced between her thighs, she heard the snick, snick, snick of his pruning shears. She guessed, by how close the sound was, that he was working on the hydrangeas. She hoped he wouldn’t cut them too much.
The notes on her sheet music shimmered like a mirage.
Mopping her brow with the tail of her denim shirt, she tried the song again. Her bow slipped. Her fingers cramped.
It was too hot to concentrate.
She sighed, set the cello in its metal stand and stuck her head out the window. “Don’t butcher them, now,” she called to Dwayne, the neighborhood handyman.
Dwayne wasn’t retarded, exactly. But he was something.
As far as Miranda knew, he never left the oceanfront neighborhood where they lived – never hopped in someone’s car or stepped on a bus to explore another part of the city.
He walked around in baggy overalls and a dirty, yellow down jacket even in late-June. His voice was thick, his enunciation a bit garbled. He didn’t seem stupid, though. If anything, perhaps, just very, very sheltered.
She watched him now, the way the leaves trembled in his fingers before he carefully snipped them away, how he gently made sure to cut above the buds so he wouldn’t compromise the bloom that would come later in the summer.
She wondered if he’d ever gotten laid. Surely he had. He looked to be in his late forties…but she couldn’t conjure a scenario in which it might’ve happened.
Briefly, and because she wasn’t able to help it, she tried to imagine him naked, in bed with a woman. He might have strong calves or nice forearms, but middle-aged fat would wreathe his belly and cling to his flanks. Picturing him with no clothes wasn’t hard. Even the carnal thrusting and grunting was plausible. What she couldn’t envision, despite her best efforts, was the seduction, the way he might touch and stroke and lick.
Miranda shivered, the grotesque thought sticking like honey.
It lingered even as he, in his muddled voice, said, “You know I wouldn’t do that.”
“I know,” she said.  Then, feeling suddenly ashamed, she withdrew her body back into the unseasonably warm house and went to the kitchen for lemonade.
Dwayne had been working for her for years now, since right after Earl had gotten remarried and stopped coming over to mow the lawn and do minor home repairs. So, why? Why now was she suddenly curious about his life?
Perhaps it was her impending 55th birthday. Not quite the milestone that 50 was, but disturbing nonetheless.
Just last week she was marrying Earl and trying unsuccessfully for babies. Then, when she realized she would never conceive and, because of her advanced age and Earl’s simmering prostate cancer, could not adopt, she signed up for cooking classes at a community college and took a month-long trip with a girlfriend to London.
It all felt so recent.
Leaning against the counter, she took a long gulp of lemonade, chilled and sweet. It occurred to her that Dwayne might like a cold drink. She poured a second glass and took it out to him.
He nodded his thanks, set the clippers reverently on the ground and drank with her.
She felt awkward standing there, with nothing but the warm breeze and sounds of birds chirping between them. “Would you like to sit on the porch?”
He followed her to the front of the house where they both took the only seating available – a creaky old swing.
The air smelled of blooming lilacs and the mildewy cushion beneath them. She needed to wash it. She knew that. There was so much to do. If only the series of performances with the Silver Town Orchestra weren’t coming up.
Not that Miranda didn’t enjoy her work. It was just all-consuming during the season.
She and Dwayne rocked the swing back and forth, the chains groaning, a sort of intimacy in the tandem pushing off with their toes. She hoped the hooks Earl had installed more than a decade before would hold fast.
Without realizing it, she began to hum one of the pieces she’d been practicing. She did this sometimes, subconsciously trying to work out a sequence.
“That’s pretty,” Dwayne said.
“Oh!” Her hand flew to her neck and she felt it grow warm. “I didn’t mean to.”
“No, I like it.”
“Thank you.” She was still embarrassed.
After a few minutes had passed, during which the swing’s arthritic rasping filled the silence, she asked, “So tell me, Dwayne. Are your parents well?”
He shook his head. “Mom’s doing all right. Dad’s in and out of the hospital with his diabetes, though.”
Nodding with what she hoped looked like empathy, she said, “And you take care of them? Is that why you live there?”
With no shame whatsoever, he said, “I never moved out.”
“How come, do you think?”
He shrugged, his smile crooked. “Didn’t see the point.”
“You didn’t want a taste of freedom? To come and go as you chose. To maybe, bring a woman back to your place if you so desired.”
“Oh, no,” Dwayne said, reddening. “They let me do what I want.”
The swing creaked, the birds sang, a plane descended toward the airport, its squeal sounding decidedly extraterrestrial. Ellie the golden retriever sighed from where she lay on the porch steps. Miranda felt knocked off kilter by this man, so honest, so shameless, so seemingly innocent. At the same time, she itched to dig deeper. How could he be real? At eighteen, nineteen, she was desperate to escape her mother and father’s judgments and rules.
She turned toward him and shook her head. “Oh dear, what are we going to do with you?”

Ellie’s tags clinked as Dwayne brought her up the porch steps and unclipped her leash. He’d been walking her once a day for the last few weeks so Miranda could practice uninterrupted.
Hearing them now, though, she went outside where Ellie lapped at the water in her dish and Dwayne patted her back. He offered Miranda his lopsided smile and held up a plastic bag of poop as evidence that Ellie had done her business.
“Wonderful,” Miranda said. “That will save me having to take her out again until after dinner. Why don’t you go wash your hands.”
He clomped inside and when he re-emerged, he held two cans of Diet Sprite from her fridge. “You look thirsty,” he handed her one.
Dwayne is getting mighty comfortable here, Miranda thought with a surge of pleasure.
They wandered the yard, inspecting the hostas and boxwoods, marveling at the butterfly bush around which at least seven or eight painted ladies fluttered. Ellie loped behind them, panting.
Miranda had something she’d been wanting to ask him, but was suddenly nervous, her throat, despite the cold pop, drying. “Say, Dwayne, would you like to stay for dinner? I’m poaching a salmon.”
She was surprised when he hemmed and snorted into his can. “Thanks, but my mom’s making spaghetti.”
“Your mother is making spaghetti?”
She didn’t know why this enraged her, but it did.  His mom still cooked for him. He was choosing her meal over Miranda’s. And spaghetti? Shaking her head, she realized she was dealing with someone who had the maturity of an eleven-year-old boy. So he possessed a man’s body and a certain sweetness. He wasn’t truly a grown up.
“She makes the best.”
“All right. That’s fine. I’ll eat salmon by myself.”
“Are you mad?”
“Heavens, no. Why would I be mad?”
He shrugged, his thin face set in a grimace of regret.
When they made their way back to the front of the house, he gently set his empty can in her recycling bin. “Well, I should go,” he said. He rubbed Ellie behind her ears and was off, shambling back up the block.
Miranda thought, He really needs to launder that filthy jacket of his.

Three days went by before she saw Dwayne again. She was immersed in practice and rehearsals, but still noticed his absence.
When he appeared, carrying a single tiger lily–plucked, she was almost sure, from the bank of the drainage ditch that ran along her street–she gave a small gasp.
“Here,” he said.
“Why thank you, Dwayne.” Who knew a wild lily could please her so? She took it inside and stuck it in a glass of cold water.
He had followed her and stood awkwardly in the middle of the kitchen. He didn’t lean or slouch, like most people would, but let his arms dangle stiffly. “My mom wants to meet you,” he said.
Miranda had seen his mother around the neighborhood, of course. They’d probably even said hello. But they’d never introduced themselves or had a conversation. She wondered what Dwayne had told his mother that made her want to meet Miranda.
“Well, that’s sweet,” she said. Truthfully, she didn’t care to become acquainted with his mom. The thought, in fact, made her shudder. She imagined the woman’s house to be an airless clutter of outdated furniture and tchotchkes. Silence, or worse–the blare of a TV–would fill the nooks and crannies. “I’m pretty busy with rehearsals, though. Maybe in the new year?”
He looked crestfallen. “Oh, okay.”
“I’m sure she’s a lovely woman and I’d like to get to know her, but things are crazy for me just now.”
Nodding, Dwayne said, “I’ll tell her.”
He tidied up the flowerbed on the west side of the house before going back home.
A lump of remorse sat lodged in Miranda’s throat as she played that night, the cello sounding more hollow and somber than it even usually did. Her house felt empty with only her and Ellie rattling around.
But still, the thought of meeting Dwayne’s mother, of his introducing her as some sort of girlfriend wasn’t at all appealing.

“I was wondering,” Dwayne said in his platypus voice as he handed her her mail, “if I could come to one of your concerts.”
Flustered, Miranda said, “Yes, of course you can. Our next performance is Tuesday at eight. The Sunset Arc Center. How many tickets would you like?”
“Two.”
She was both deflated and flattered. “All right. Two it is.”

He had changed out of his overalls and into a pair of khakis and an oxford shirt, which Miranda found endearing. She caught his eye a few times between pieces and tried not to dwell on his mother’s stern face. Why couldn’t he have come alone?
She played well that night, she thought, and was happy to greet Dwayne out in the lobby afterward. He grinned like he was drunk. “That was beautiful,” he said.
And then, because he was relentless, he said, “Miranda, this is my mom, Noreen.”
The two women nodded at each other. Noreen seemed unable to crack even a hint of a smile.
“Did you enjoy yourself tonight?” Miranda asked her.
“It was very nice.”
“Well, thank you for coming.” 
The beam of Dwayne’s smile bounced from his mother, to Miranda, and back to his mother again.
Pleasantries aside, Miranda wanted to bolt to the bathroom. She knew it’d be crowded with concert-goers, though, that she wouldn’t be able to splash her suddenly flushed face with cool water and stare into the mirror, asking herself, What is my relationship with Dwayne, then? And where is it going?
“I need to go pack up my instrument now,” she said. Excusing herself, she found her way back to the stage where her cello sat in its stand. Only a few other players were left, making notes on sheet music and setting their violins, flutes, and clarinets into lined cases. One of them was Dino Carruth, an older oboist with a full head of spiky white hair.
“Miranda,” he said. “How do you get five oboes in tune?”
“I don’t know, Dino.”
“Shoot four of them!”
She chuckled at his joke and retrieved her enormous cello case from behind the curtain. She liked Dino. He had five sons, all grown, and a wife, Carol, who was in the beginning stages of dementia. Carol didn’t attend the performances any more. It was too confusing for her, Miranda had heard, and frightening, too, not knowing when she might lapse into bewilderment.
“Dino,” she said. “How long did you live with your parents as a young man? Before you moved out on your own, I mean.”
He frowned, slipping his sheet music into a black leather folder. “Senior year of college. Age 21 or 22 I suppose. Why?”
“Just curious. I have a friend…whose son…is getting a little old to be staying with her,” she lied.
“Ah. Armed forces, I say. Sign him up.”
Miranda almost laughed aloud, imagining Dwayne traveling overseas with a gun slung across his back. Just trekking a few miles north to the Sunset Arc Center in a taxi was a big deal for him.
She’d assumed Dwayne and his mother would have found a cab and left, but there they stood by the glass doors, dutifully waiting. She did what she felt she had to. “Would you like a lift home?”
“Oh, we don’t want to be any trouble,” Dwayne said.
“No trouble,” Miranda chirped.
He took her cello.
They crossed the street to Miranda’s mini-van (the best car, she’d found, for toting her gear). Noreen sat in front and Miranda, as she drove, knew it was necessary to ask questions about how her husband was fairing, how long they’d lived in the area, what she thought of the warmer-than-usual summer. Noreen’s answers were brisk and no-nonsense, belying a hint of a midwestern accent.
After years and years had passed, Miranda dropped them off at their house, a sagging two-story with vinyl siding and a surprisingly unkempt yard.
They unloaded and she drove the last quarter-mile home muttering, “Jesus.”

The next afternoon Miranda sat on her sofa, a fan set up on a stool and pointed at her face, reading a book called The 17-Day Plan to Stop Aging. 
Dwayne poked his head in the front door. “Hallo!”
“Hello, Dwayne.”
Ellie jumped up and ran to him. “Does she need a walk?” he asked.
Miranda thought about it for a minute and then said, “Yes, I suppose that would be nice for her.”
After he’d hooked Ellie to her leash and left, Miranda dropped her head into her hands. Dear Lord, how would she handle this?
She sat that way until she heard him clomp up the porch, Ellie lapping at her water dish. Miranda leapt to her feet and checked her hair in the mirror over the piano.
“Come in, Dwayne,” she said to him through the screen.
He gave her his earnest, lopsided smile and stepped inside with no idea what awaited him.
“Would you like something cold to drink?” she asked.
“No thanks.”
“Would you like to sit down?”
He shrugged and took the piano bench, his eyes shining eagerly.
Now Miranda would have to tell him. She had no idea how he’d react, but hoped he’d still come over and prune her hydrangeas, take Ellie for the occasional stroll through the neighborhood.
Setting her book aside, she crouched, placed one hand on his knee and said, “Dwayne, I’ve been noticing a different vibe between us lately. Have you picked up on that?”
A spot of crimson bloomed on each of his cheeks and his ever-present half smile disappeared. He nodded.
“It’s as if I’m trying to mother you or something and it’s bothering me. Really bothering me. You know Earl and I could never have children of our own?”
“I didn’t know.”
“Yes, we could never conceive a baby. And I just worry that I’m trying to make you into some sort of project for myself. I need to put an end to that.”
He nodded, though slowly this time, confused.
She pulled herself up, set her bottom square on his lap and wrapped a leg around each of his hips, pleased that she could still manage such a maneuver.
The crimson on his cheeks spread down to his neck and up across his forehead.
She kissed his slack lips, which quickly responded in the appropriate ways. “What do you think, Dwayne? Could you like me in this way?” If he became more of a man in her eyes, she might stop trying to watch over him so, she reasoned. Besides, she was lonely.
His fingers pressed through her corduroys. “Uh, yeah. I mean, of course.”
“Will you stay here tonight, or do you have to ask your mother’s permission?” 
The refrigerator hummed. The clock ticked. Ellie still lapped from her water bowl.
“It’s her mahjong night,” he said, his mouth twisting. “I promised to help.”
The wind left Miranda. Slowly, she stood and untangled herself from him. “Well, that’s that, then. Isn’t it?” She all but swoosh-clapped her palms and stood back gripping her hips as if finishing a project. “I’ll still pay you to clip the bushes and walk Ellie, of course. But the visiting and the cold drinks will have to stop.”
Dwayne’s eyes pleaded, Why can’t we be friends? But in the end, he didn’t have the courage to say the words. He left, overalls and down jacket rustling, and galumphed down the porch stairs.
She watched him out the back window as he made his way to the house where he’d always lived.
Michael Jackson is Dead
The Asian woman lifts Amber’s foot and rubs it with a gritty, exfoliating paste. Amber groans with pleasure. Her eyes have been closed through most of the pedicure, but she opens them now and glances at the muted television mounted over the front door.
It is tuned to CNN and the headline across the screen says, “Michael Jackson, King of Pop, dead at 50.”
Amber’s eyes bulge and she quickly grabs her phone from her purse and begins to Google for details. What? How? But she’d loved him so…
Images of herself as a fifteen-year-old high school freshman in rural Michigan pull across her brain like streamers. She was tall and gawky and lonely and, in those days, it was either Duran Duran, Corey Hart, or Michael Jackson.
Michael seemed the most exotic of the three, the most sensitive, and though she only knew it on some subconscious level then, the most fucked up.
She owned every cassette any Jackson family member had released. Her room was plastered with posters torn from Tiger Beat; her purple Members Only jacket was heavy with plastic pins bearing Michael’s black, then lighter, then whitish face.
She sang his songs alone in her bedroom and sincerely believed when she turned 20 and he was 30, they would marry. She just had to bide her time and figure out a way to get to California so she could meet him.
Online are rumors of drug use and sudden cardiac arrest.
“Why you crying?” the Asian woman asks, alarmed.
Amber flaps her hand toward the TV.
The Asian woman’s scrubbing hands slow in confusion, but then she looks up at the news and a small smile loops across her lips. “Ah, he dead. Michael Jackson dead.”
“Yes, he’s dead, okay?”
Unaffected, the Asian woman continues her job, rinsing Lisa’s feet in the plastic basin.
Amber calls her husband Mark, her hand shaking as she holds the phone flat to her ear. She hopes she doesn’t drop it in the basin of warm water.
He is at work and not thrilled about interruptions.
“I’m going to L.A.,” Lisa tells him. “As soon as I can.”
“Why?” Mark asks.
“For the service, Mark. Michael Jackson is dead,” she wails.
“But you don’t even know him. He’s a freak. A child molester.”
“We’ve discussed that. I don’t believe it’s true. And I did. I did know him. I knew his soul. All you had to do was listen to his songs. Really listen.”
The Asian woman dries Amber’s feet in a fluffy towel and begins to trim her toenails.
Mark lowers his voice, speaking evenly, as if to someone about to jump off the thirty-sixth floor of a building. “Amber, we have three kids under the age of eleven and two cats. I work. You take care of them. We need you here. You can’t just hop a flight to Los Angeles because some pop star has kicked the…has died.”
He doesn’t understand at all.
She will call the babysitter they use for occasional Saturday night dates. Bethany, their neighbor, will surely pitch in, too. After school care at the Boys and Girls Club is an option. She can piece this together and then go tomorrow morning.
“I have to,” she says. “I won’t leave you high and dry, okay?”
“What makes you think they’ll let you in to a memorial service even if there is one?” Panic clips the ends of his words now. She can tell he thinks she’s lost her grip on reality.
“I was president of his Great Lakes fan club in 1984 and 1985.”
“Oh my God, Amber.”
“It’ll be fine.”
“This color okay?” The Asian woman asks, flashing Amber’s usual bottle of fire hydrant red.
Amber nods in a yes-yes-get-on-with-it way.
“Uh,” Mark says. “I guess I can’t stop you from doing what you feel you need to do.”
Triumphant, Amber says, “Thanks, honey,” hangs up and begins making phone calls one after another. Tears squeeze out of her eyes as she makes arrangements. But when she’s done, when the kids’ care is squared away, when she’s booked a flight (for $274 round trip no less!), secured a rental car at LAX and sits with her feet under the drying light, she is almost giddy.
She’s finally going to make it to California.
The Asian woman watches Amber from the back where she takes her mug of hot water from the microwave and sips. In Mandarin, she says to her co-worker, “That lady has finally gone crazy,” and they both laugh.
The Poem Store
"God. No," D said, turning a full circle in the small, salmon-colored kitchen he and Janice shared. "I refuse to do the market again today. You got, what? Sixteen bucks last weekend?"
"That's a bag of groceries," she argued, pulling her scarf into a tight knot.
"From where? The Food Bank?"
"Safeway! Anywhere!" She was so tired of his pessimism, of his suggesting she get a job as a barista or, if she insisted on writing for a living, to pen manuals, brochures, something corporate and practical. She imagined doing such work and she couldn't breathe. Her ribs creaked until she almost screamed, "Holland America offers world class cruise ship deals to destinations such as Alaska, Australia, New Zealand, and so much more!" It was the kind of drivel she wrote Before.
And she was not going back to Before.
"C'mon, D," she said. "I like it. It fuels me."
He ate expired, powdered, malted milk from a jar as if it were cereal. Licking his spoon, he leered at her and said, "I'll fuel you." 
She gazed at this guy with lips caked white, tongue flicking out to lick them.
"I'll just go by myself," she muttered, packing her portable Smith-Corona into its case and squaring blank sheets of paper against her stomach. She hoped the older couple would come back, the ones who were no younger than 80, who held hands as they ambled around. She wanted to type them a haiku or two. In fact, she'd been writing in her head as she lay in bed the night before, D, in his sleep, mewling next to her.
Vintage Love, you two
navigating years through wilds
of tangled habits
Okay, maybe it wasn't the most brilliant thing she'd ever composed. But it was heartfelt. She turned away from D. She couldn't imagine walking through the Farmers' Market together decades from then, she still fond enough of him to wind her fingers through his.
"Do that," he said. "Go alone, come back home and we'll count all your money."
Pulling on her black rubber wellingtons, she went out into the overcast morning, the air so gray and heavy it clung to her like cobwebs. Janice didn't care. It was good to get out of the dirty apartment. Away from her boyfriend.
The wooden crate knocked her knees as she walked. She crossed Market Street, strode past Swedish hospital (the sliding doors whooshing open as she passed, belching out the white scent of antiseptic) and found her way to Ballard Ave. Her usual doorway was occupied by a guy playing bongos. So she moved down a couple blocks.
Upending the crate, she sat on it, put out her sign, slowly extracted her typewriter, and scrolled in a sheet of paper. She wished she'd thought to get coffee on her way.
A breeze ruffled her empty page. She knew from experience it could be a half hour or more before anyone stopped and inquired about her services. She'd get some looks, would be the object of a few photos, but it would take someone several revolutions around the market before they'd stop, ask for a poem and pay the two-dollar fee. She was mostly a curiosity.
She started typing, something nonsensical just to make herself look busy. That Sam I am, That Sam I am, I do no like that Sam I am.
Then, through the line of booths that held cheese and root vegetables and rustic breads, she saw the old couple. She wanted to call out to them, to ask why they weren't holding hands that particular day, but, of course, she didn't. She kept pecking out letters that turned into words and then sentences.
"Hey," D set his guitar case on the sidewalk next to her crate. He always changed his mind and showed up. "How's business?" He rubbed his hands together to warm them. Over her shoulder, he read what she'd written. "What the hell's that?"
"I'm just warming up," Janice said. She stopped and wrapped her arms around her middle. Why'd he have to be such a buzzkill? Always criticizing and ridiculing what she did. She tried thinking back to what had attracted her in the first place. She remembered the guitar playing. The lovely, melting way he could coax songs from his Yamaha. The first time she saw him play, she'd thought, Someone who can bring forth music like that is made of depths and peaks so vast I have to scale them. There were his eyes, too. Chocolate milk brown that used to look at her as if she were some siren with glistening feathers.
But that cold June morning she placed her stiff fingers on the keys again and it was as if they moved of their own accord. They typed, I want to be done.
D had begun tuning his guitar, had opened his case and pushed it out in front of them. He glanced again at her paper and chuckled. "So soon?"
"It's been almost three years."
His creamy eyes dilated with confusion.
She typed, I want to be done with us. Each letter clattered like a gunshot. She realized she had no idea how he'd react. If he'd start shouting or crying or trying to talk her out of it. She knew, though, there was no persuading her to change her mind. The sudden decision felt right.
Quietly, he said, "Me and you?"
She nodded. The sound of bongos drifted down the street.
Just then, a couple came up to her. Not the old people, but a guy and a girl who looked to be in their late teens. Self conscious laughter spit from their lips. The girl dug a couple bucks from the pocket of her tight jeans. "We want a poem," she said.
D carefully replaced his guitar in its case, snapped the clasps, and walked away.
Janice watched his back retreating, saw his stocking-capped head disappear in the crowd. She cracked her knuckles, sighed, and said, "Okay."
She wrote the haiku she'd planned for the old couple, changing the words slightly.
Brand New Love, you two
navigating wild hearts, bodies
simmering. Good luck.
She pulled the paper out with a zipping sound and waved away their money. "No charge," she said. "Just...you know...pretend there's no before and after."
They gave her strange looks, but thanked her and went on their way. She rolled in new paper and started typing again, smiling, her fingers flying like hungry swallows.
About the Author


Angie McCullagh has published several short stories in various literary journals and is the author of the young adult novel Spectacle. She also blogs, enjoys photography, and alternately struggles with the fit of her jeans and existential angst. She lives with her husband and two children in Seattle, Washington.

