The Return

A Novel by Des Greene

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Des Greene
ISBN 9781301073856

Discover other titles by Des Greene
 www.desgreene.com

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is for your personal enjoyment only. It may not sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 




One

Setting Off



People say you should never go back. The past will have changed. There will be little left to remind you of past glories, or ignominy - thankfully. Yet back I’d decided to go. The memory of my brief sojourn on the island had left a deep imprint on my being. There was, perhaps, unfinished business. At least I hoped there was but I strained to define what was, as yet, incomplete - other than my constant striving for a meaning to my now somewhat solipsistic existence. I had become a total recluse. I shunned the world and cocooned myself in the inner mind where I sought solace in the knowledge that my quest was noble. Noblesse oblige and I had decided to return to the island.
The quay was gray in the autumn sky and a shower was threatening. I searched for the same boat that I had taken on my first visit but it was not there. The season had been poor and the wet October had put paid to any tourists wanting a boat trip to an inhospitable remote island. An old man sitting on the quay wall advised me that the only way out was by fishing boat and that I’d have to negotiate the fare carefully.
‘Those bastards would fleece you if they could.’ 
His words were bitter. They disturbed me. I felt he was betraying his own. I wanted to berate him but held back wanting more information.
‘They’re not all that bad,’ I ventured. ‘They have a hard life particularly now with the fish stock depleted and all their quotas.’
‘Ay, the fish are gone and why wouldn’t they, with the amount of over fishing that went on.’ He was still in grumpy mode.
‘I take it you are not a fisherman.’
‘A fisherman?’ he growled. ‘Who’d want to be one of them? It’s a hell of a life. No, I never wanted to take to the boats. I swept the roads and made an honest living.’
His hand fumbled in his inside pocket and a blackened pipe emerged. He busied himself, packing it with tobacco, and the sweet scent filled the air. It brought me back in time to when I was a child. There was no particular memory but I felt myself in a child’s body and all around me was filled with enchanting scents: freshly mown grass, damp hay, honeysuckles, cracked chestnut shells. A crowd of scents invaded my memory and the feeling became euphoric. I would have given anything to be back there but time does not allow such self indulgent reversion. 
‘No I swept the roads and smoked my pipe through rain, hail and snow. There was the odd good day too.’ 
His eyes softened as the memories came flooding back. 
‘There were some lovely days of a summer - lovely days.’ 
He became lost in the sweet recall and let the unlit pipe hover before his lips. Then with a deep sigh he flicked his lighter and sucked hard. The tobacco smoke was sweeter still. 
‘Ay, that’s better,’ he sighed contentedly. 
I envied him his simple pleasure. I let him savor the moment a while before getting round to what I really wanted to ask him. 
‘Not being a man of the sea, you probably haven’t been out to the island of late, have you?’
‘I wouldn’t go near the place. It’s bad news.’ 
His face darkened and his eyes narrowed in suspicion. ‘Why’d you ask?’ His defense was raised.
‘Just out of curiosity. I’m heading out there for a stint. I was wondering had there been many changes since I was last there. It’s over ten years now.’
‘Changes!’ His voice was raised, almost indignant. ‘Sure everything changes. But yea, there have been many changes on the island. Killings are unusual even in this queer locality. I suppose you heard of the murder case?’
I said I had. It was on all the news reports for weeks. I was gutted to hear of the tragedy and felt as if I had lost one of my own. In a way I had. She had been pregnant. That was the likely cause of their tragic deaths. He shot her and then turned the gun on himself. I still feel nauseous at the thought. Time has dimmed my memory of her. I see her framed there in the half door of the cottage, staring at me. Her hand stretches out half in offer of greeting, half in supplication, seeking help. I had sensed there was violence in her life. The silence of our encounters shouted out its presence. Our brief affair was all physical with no making contact of minds. It was never allowed and never, now, will. Time had taken its course. Fate has ruled.
‘Yes, I heard.’ I struggled to keep tears from my eyes. ‘It was shocking - how can anyone get over it?’
The old man looked at me intently. Perhaps he sensed more than I was saying. 
‘You’re not one of them shagging reporters are you?’ He gestured at me with his pipe. It was clear that he was closing ranks.
‘No, nothing like that. Just curious about how the island had coped.’ 
I turned my head away to hide the fact that my eyes had watered. I mumbled a goodbye and moved along the quay towards the fishing boats. I sat on a stone pillar to collect myself. The past had streamed back into my present but it was a ghost that as I stretched out to embrace it, evaporated into invisible ether. Never go backwards, I chided myself, and yet here I was going back to the island. I was testing fate - a fate that had delivered already a strange hand of lust and violence. 
I was returning to the island that I remembered. I hoped that the place would not have changed much, yet I knew that that was not possible. Change was such a constant of existence. There is nothing that is purely static - even the physical outlines of the island. The sea will have battered its coast into new scraggly shapes. The wind will have made the few hawthorns even more hunched over. The constant rain will have molded and eroded the soil. 
These physical changes are very apparent and sensible. But there is a less obvious change and that is the location of the island in space-time. It is still in the same place in the earth’s relational field - its inertial locale. Yet when viewed from outside this local area, from another solar system within the galaxy, or even from outside the galaxy, the place of the island has changed dramatically. The island is being carried along by the earth and the sun and the galaxy at great speed through the emptiness of the cosmos. It will never re-find a previous position. It never retrieves the past.
These thoughts still plagued me. I had continued my exploration of reality over the intervening ten years. I felt that I was no nearer an understanding but I was coming to terms with the extent of our ignorance of the truly strange world we inhabit. 
I pulled my rucksack from my back and found my notebook and started to write.

 

Two

Astride a Photon




Einstein wondered what it was like to sit astride a photon of light and describe the world from its perspective. The basic assumption was that a photon had a continuous existence. What if it hadn’t?
A photon comes into existence when an atomic electron drops from a level of higher energy to one of lower energy. We envisage either a particle or a wave heading off into space at the speed of light. This speed (300,000 kilometers per second) is way beyond our everyday experience and we have no sense of how fast it is. In fact, Einstein in his Special Relativity Theory set down the axiom that nothing travels faster than light. 
There is no real definitive proof of this axiom but the laws based upon it have made predictions that subsequent observations have proven true. This basic postulate underpins all of science in the post Einstein era. Yet can it be falsified? Karl Popper, the Austrian philosopher whose ideas on scientific theory have played a big role in our conception of what constitutes scientific validity, sets great store on the falsifiability of any scientific proposition or theory. If you cannot devise a test that can prove a theory false then it is not a theory that is truly scientific. 
Applying this to the speed of light is enlightening, to use a smug pun. Since we use light to measure all phenomena, it obviously puts an upper limit on the scale of what we can measure in terms of speed. We can never prove by experiment that anything travels faster than light until we discover a phenomenon that travels at super-light speeds. This dilemma certainly throws a spanner in the works for the falsifiability of the light speed theory.
It pays to examine critically these base axioms of science. If we were to accept that there is no limit to speed of a phenomenon then the laws of science would undergo a revolution. 
Maybe we need to ask quasi-philosophical questions about the reality of light before we undertake our scientific endeavor. What is light? Some say it is a particle-like entity - a photon. This photon is, in some sense, a packet of energy that is concentrated in a tiny volume of space. Again this tiny space is way beyond our normal human sensibility and measurement ability. Yet we can perceive the effect of a single photon as a speck on a photographic plate. It has a real reality. Yet others call light a wave phenomenon. A wave is the polar opposite of a particle in that its presence is spread out in space and keeps spreading as long as the light wave leaves its source behind in space-time. After many billions of years it can cover nearly the entire known universe. It becomes a gigantic wave that yet mysteriously reduces to a speck on a screen, located in a non-special space-time location such as the planet Earth. 
There is physical evidence for the wavelike presence of light because we know that light waves interfere with each other, sometimes canceling, sometimes adding. Such interference is a characteristic of waves. The famous two slit interference experiment of light underpins most of the theory of quantum mechanics. 
Because it is so important, it is worth going into what actually the experiment tells us. The set up is a single source of light that shines on a screen that has two slits allowing two streams of light to pass through. These two slits allow light pass through to a photographic screen. The image on the screen is one of bands of lightness and darkness. These are areas where the waves have interfered - the dark areas arising from the waves canceling each other out, the bright areas resulting from the waves reinforcing each other. This in itself is pass-remarkable and is something that any kid has often experienced as he whiled away pleasant moments throwing stones into the still water of a pond. 
What makes this set up one of the most enigmatic experiments in all of science is that when the source of light is made so weak that only single photons pass through the slit screen, the bands of light and dark still emerge. The single photon acts like a wave - one that interferes with itself. If one of the slits is closed the bands disappear and a uniform dispersion of the light is seen on the screen - the interference disappears.
This experiment has caused both scientists and philosophers endless difficulty. How can light be both a particle and a wave? There was an inbuilt inherent contradiction in reality. The scientists shrugged their rationalistic shoulders and adopted the so called Copenhagen Interpretation and accepted that when you look for a wave - you get a wave, and when you look for a photon - you get a photon. The philosophers toiled away but eventually the associated mathematics and science arising from the developing theory became overpowering and the blatant contradiction was lost in the complexity that even the scientists struggled to follow.
Yet the basic problem remains. One phenomenon can’t assume two realities. The very basics had to be re-examined and perhaps overthrown. Maybe light was not so special after all. Someone had to think outside the box. 
Inside the box the development of the theory developed at an unparalleled speed in the short history of science. The Einstein revolution of General Relativity gave way to the weird world of Quantum Mechanics. The latter half of the twentieth century saw the development of the Standard Model of Particle Physics which characterized all the myriad constituents of nature and unified all the forces excluding gravity. Gravity was the link back to Einstein’s General Relativity and colossal attempts were made to include gravity in quantum theory, leading to the monster of String Theory with its many dimensions and infinite universes. 
The advances of scientific theory are truly staggering. Yet they stand on some really shaky conceptual foundations. If these foundations fail, as fail they must as Popper asserts, then the whole edifice will come tumbling down. 
One of the potential Achilles’ heels of modern scientific theory is the finiteness of the speed of light. It was Einstein’s greatest achievement but it may also be his biggest misconception. 
So what is light? As already said, it is a release of energy when an electron drops from a higher energy level to a lower level. This energy then travels outward from the electron in a random direction. This point is an essential premise. There is no way to foretell what direction the packet of energy takes. In this sense the single packet is a photon - a discrete energy packet localized in space that travels at this maximal speed. But how does the packet travel? This is one of the deepest questions we can ask of reality. The other is - what is it that makes an energy packet or what is energy? 
We know that light can travel in a vacuum. Now a vacuum of old was considered just that - space with no mass or energy. Yet modern quantum theory does not allow such exactitude. Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle is another of the basic axioms of quantum theory. One form of it dictates that conjugates properties such as energy and time are limited by a tiny constant called the Planck constant (another of the very basic tenets of quantum theory). This is sometimes written as ΔE*Δt≥h, where ΔE is a tiny increment of energy, Δt is a very small interval of time and h is Planck’s Constant which is a very small number. 
Now Einstein in his Special Relativity theory also links energy E and mass m by his famous formula E=mc2 where c is the velocity of light. In a vacuum we say there is no mass but the Heisenberg uncertainty does not allow exactly zero mass so the vacuum must have tiny fluctuations about zero mass. This effectively means tiny fluctuations in energy. The vacuum is now seen as a teeming world of energy fluctuation where particles and their anti-particles are now forming. They exist for the briefest of times - way outside our normal concept of seconds, micro or even nano seconds. Then they annihilate with each other and create energy. The process tick-tacks at an incredible frequency. It is through this tumultuous environment that the packet of energy, that is light, has to propagate. 
It is conjectured that the light packet does not stand adrift of the mêlée but is buffeted about by the vacuum. It follows a zigzag path that to our macro-classical scale appears as a straight line of a classical particle. But photons are not loners they hunt in huge packs so studying the behavior of a single one tells us little of the pack behavior. Photons are emitted in their billions and each takes a random direction from the source. This spreads out spherically in space-time just like a wave. Light as we sense it is a wave. We never experience a single photon.
Yet we said that we can make a source so weak that something like single photons impinges on the double slit screen. We still get interference effects even though each photon is dispatched separately. How can this be so? One explanation could be that the photon does not pass through the vacuum without affecting the underlying chaos of particle, anti-particle, creation and annihilation. What pushes the photon along through the vacuum is this very interaction. The photon impacts on the underlying structure of the vacuum and this impact spreads out through the vacuum as a wave - like a pressure wave ahead of a speeding bullet. This wave is not constrained to travel at the speed of light. There is no resultant sonic boom effect. Cause and effect are reversed as the photon travels into a future created by its own very past. 
So in the case of the double slit experiment where photons are singly emitted into the experimental set-up, the vacuum wave created by the photon passes through both slits and causes the resultant dual waves to interfere with a resultant effect on the path of the following photon. The same light and dark bands emerges after a large number of consecutive photons. 
One of the oddities of the double slit experiment was that the bands disappeared if an effort was made to determine through which slit a lone photon had passed. But this effort has an in built self-defeating mechanism. The minimum effort to detect the passage of the photon would be to use another photon at the designated slit. But this single photon disrupts the background vacuum and destroys interference potential of the emerging wave. So the bands are indeed expected to disappear. 
So where does this leave our view of light. Light when it travels normally as billions of photons can be viewed as a wave, reflecting the waviness of the background vacuum. A single photon acts like a particle but is associated with a unique background wave that fills all of space. This background wave must travel at speeds greater than the speed of light. It is the forerunner of the light quantum preparing the route that it must take in its future. The question, of what is light, reduces to what is a photon or what is energy. This is altogether a much deeper question.

 

Three

Real Waves




My hand was tired from scratching my notes down. My body had many centers of ache now. My hips had become so stiff that now I labored to get my feet into my trousers or even to put on my shoes. I felt the body begin to desert me and I resented it. I had tried to take herbal medications to oil the joints but deep inside I knew it was quackery. I had not that intense belief that is the placebo effect of new age medicine. So I was destined for a creaky old age where the trivial activities of youth become trials of physical articulation. 
Yet my mind seemed to be casting its net heartily into the wild seas of knowledge. The drive for wisdom was more powerful than the decay of biology. The brain struggled to keep in touch with the stored data of a lifetime. It was becoming a regular occurrence to meet an old acquaintance and have a blank for a name. Yet everything else would be completely recognizable - the skewed nose, the bright eyes or the tossed hair. It seemed that the sum of the parts was never linked to a proper noun. The name was just an external trinket used for designation. In my mind the person was the sum of his parts. So losing the name was not losing the person. A link to a central name store was simply broken.
These Alzheimer moments never detracted my mind from its ability to concentrate, examine, deconstruct or uncover the many mysterious themes of knowledge that modern science had thrown up. In some ways it was liberating in that I no longer tried to commit to memory words as isolated facts. I concentrated on the intuitive understanding that I managed to extract and I struggled hard to safeguard this intuition.
It meant that thoughts on spurious issues would randomly occur and I had developed the habit of carrying my notebook and pencil, to record them on the spot, else they would seep back into the inner areas of memory. I was like a computer with a great big processing core but a very dodgy memory bank. I had to keep pressing the save button.
These efforts at recording often left me exhausted and I sometimes closed my eyes for a while to blank out all perception and still my teeming consciousness. Now as I sat on the stone bollard with eyes tightly shut I erased the canvas and let nothingness envelop. These moments are un-recordable as there is nothing to record. They are little moments of death in a life. But life is very forceful and the body does not isolate itself for long, no matter how mentally strong the will. Sounds invade and with them come associated images from memory. The cry of a gull extracts the sublime image of a bird, wings outstretched, gliding on an air current uplifted by the cliffs and the waves below.
I remember where I’m going and where I’ve already been many years ago. I had camped out on the cliff top and tried to live the life of a modern day hermit. I realized that I was still seeking the same enlightenment today as back then. At most, the sense of consternation and puzzlement at existence had increased. I now saw life as even more mysterious than the quantum world that was then an unraveling discovery. 
I opened my eyes. No point in trying to shut out the world even for these precious moments. 

The fishing boat was a mess of nets and fish boxes and it stank of rotted fish. It was only when it pulled out of the harbor and was being buffeted by wind and wave that the smell disappeared, replaced by the sweet saltiness of the sea spray. The boat bobbed up and down as it crashed through the waves. I felt my innards heave with each thud of the bow as it crunched onto the water. I struggled not to let my mind think of sickness. I wanted to enjoy the journey, not spend it in a hell of bodily agony. I bit my tongue and clinched my fists, ready to brave through the worst the sea could offer. The waves lashed over the bow sending a deluge of spray about the boat. Luckily the skipper had provided some old oilskins and I began to actually enjoy the sensation of water washing over my yellow clad form. It was like an absolution and the icy cold water on my face quickly lifted the encroaching nausea. 
The ebbing sickness revealed a rising elation. My mind was now hovering over the scene. I was entranced by the beauty of life. I was part of a living work of art where the main theme was framed by the tumultuous gray clouds, the foreground and background was the teeming sea, full of frothing seahorses. Alone on this canvas was a small vulnerable boat being tossed about at will by the sheer power of the elements. No human artist could even come close to depicting the awesome scene. Words were not invented to describe such a glorious world. 
There was always this constant reminder that actual living was so much ahead of interpretation. The scientist, the philosopher, the artist can all look at that scene but their interpretation, no matter how modern or sophisticated, will always fall far short of the actuality. The mind cannot recreate the beauty of objective reality. What is out there before me is always better than I can recreate. There is an essential pointlessness to my attempts to capture reality. 
A huge wave suddenly broke over the boat causing it to heave heavily to one side. For a moment I feared that it was going all the way over. The blood drained from my face and an icy shiver shook my being. For the briefest of instants I faced the end. The simple three letter word now had impact way beyond its regular use. It had written into it, the terror of oblivion, the existential loneliness of leaving the living, the horror of the powerlessness of the body. 
The wave tossed me over and my head glanced off a crate. I felt warmth on my cheek and the sensation was pleasurable for an instant, then the searing pain shot through my temple. I pulled myself up and through the turmoil heard the skipper shouting to me to hold on. In a daze I clutched at the nearest rope just as the second monster wave arrived. The water washed over me and eerily I could see the blood streams flow over the deck. I panicked. A weird desire to jump overboard and end it all flashed across my consciousness. It was like meeting the danger straight on, rather than waiting passively for the boat to be sunk by the merciless waves. The irrationality went, almost as fast as it had come. It was only presented as an escape for my tormented existence in the face of such colossal threat. It was the last vestige of independence of person left. 
The extreme conditions abated and the boat was now making headway again towards the island. The skipper offered a rag to clean my wound but the bleeding had stopped of its own accord. Still shaking from the shock, I willed the rest of the trip to pass quickly. 

 

Four

Chaos



Later that evening I tucked myself under a thick duvet, after having had a hot bath. The guest house was the only one on the island but was of a good standard. The old lady, running it, was shocked to see the state of her guest but readily undertook the tending and care that seemed natural to her. I had a bowl of broth and then retired exhausted. 
Under the duvet my body regained its equilibrium and I relaxed. I slept for several hours and when I awoke it was near midnight. I was calm and felt comforted that the incipient headache from my forehead wound had been averted.
I pulled my rucksack over and found my notebook. It was luckily dry, even though the sack’s exterior was still saturated. In the dim light of the bare bulb overhead, I began to write.
Is there reason to chaos? Does it have a teleological end or an ontological beginning? What is chaos? Where there is a lack of order, there is chaos. Nature is full of complex systems. The rocks that form the planet have no order despite their seeming stratification and falling into broad strands of classification. But even this spectacular streaming of beds of limestone or shale across the landscape has all the signs of chaos. There is no predictability arising from their presence. No one can say what the precise future of our landscape will be. This existence of an uncertain future is what makes chaos. There can be an infinity of futures. At most the laws of science can provide models that determine probable futures but for each scenario there is just a single number assigned - the simple probability. Whether the forecast is correct or not remains forever uncertain.
Chaos, being concerned with states in the future, is very much caught up with time. Einstein would probably place it firmly in space-time. But surely the classical laws of Isaac Newton that so elegantly describe the motion of the planets in the solar system deny the prevalence of chaos everywhere? These laws have allowed man to travel to the moon and send spacecraft to Mars and beyond to the outer reaches of the solar system. The very precision of these projects cannot be based on a chaotic environment. The classical laws tame the chaos monster and force it into friendly repetitive behavior. So it appears.
Yet it depends on how a system is viewed. The oceans from space appear a deep calm blue belying the turbulence and chaos of the real seas. Chaos is in the detail: the closer the observation, the more chaotic the dynamics. A feature of chaos is change and therefore it is at the level of the dynamics of the system that one must look for it. For the seas, the scale of dynamics can be that of waves or of currents. In both scales, chaos rules supreme. For geology the dynamics are plate tectonics, rock formation through deposition and volcanic activity - all of which take place on very long timescales and it on these non-familiar timescales that the chaos of the earth’s crust manifests itself. 
The weather has always been viewed by humanity as being something that shows no signs of control or firm predictability. At the level of the individual, the timescale of its changes is set at the level of hours or days. Even at these short intervals there is little certitude of the future. What floats across the sky is a small screen of the huge chaotic system that is our atmosphere. The importance of weather to the human psyche has meant that its arbitrary changes have been ascribed to the willful acts of gods denying the underlying chaotic nature. Man was frightened by chaos. It threatened the perceived nature of things - of the link between cause and effect. The evolution of homo sapiens was the birth of the concept of free will. Up to this all living creatures reacted passively to their environment coping and surviving on a fittest basis. Because they had not cognitive skills they could not stand back from the environment and see themselves situated within it. It was the evolution of the ability to see themselves as individuals - to know that they existed - that allowed mankind to start to react in an active manner to the environment. The shroud of animalistic blindness was removed and the brilliant wild beauty of the world was revealed. This early revelation was of a chaotic beauty. There were no reasons for events. Lightening spears across the sky were portents of the unknown. In this sea of uncertainty man started to make small progress at shaping or controlling his world. He shaped stones into sharp weapons that could be used in hunting. He learnt that by using lessons from the past that he could better control the future. The weapon making skills were honed. In all of this the laws of a cause leading to an effect were becoming ingrained. 
It is natural that we prefer to live in a sure world where we can predict the future. Long eons of human evolution have imprinted it into our genetic make up. We are programmed to look for order. We seek out symmetries, orderliness, repetition, synchronism and longevity. It seems that we view the world with special glasses that filter out the chaotic and give a Polaroid view of a world full of predictable laws. This had its peak in the post Newtonian era when it was felt that the whole universe was determinate. If one could fix the location and motion of every particle in the universe at a particular time then it would be possible to specify the entire universe not just in the past but also into the future. The past held the data to divine laws that fully determined the future. 
The way we view the world has huge impact on our philosophy of life. If we believe in the concept of free will, our philosophy will be full of ethics defining our correct behaviors, given this sublime freedom. The medieval world was dominated by religious beliefs that espoused the fires of hell as awaiting those who transgressed the revealed laws of Christianity. The horror of eternity in hell was no longer a plausible scenario if there was no free will. The deterministic reality underlying Newton’s physical model released humanity from the hellfire but placed him in a straitjacket of strict passivity. As a free agent he was able to carve out an individual path for himself but under Newton that path was already decided and set in stone. There was not much point in thinking too much about how he behaved as it was already determined for him.
It was really the advent of the first ideas of quantum mechanics in the early twentieth century that broke the linkage with the Newtonian paradigm of strict determinism. Just as when you look at the oceans from space the chaos of the surface is not revealed, so looking at the planetary motions with Newtonian eyes hides the underlying space-time. Newton saw the planets moving in a Euclidean space of three dimensions and their motions measured using an absolute time that is the same throughout the universe. Einstein saw the planets moving in space-time where both time and space is relative to the speed of the observer. Newton’s vantage point was fixed firmly on Earth and instantaneous; Einstein’s was located at the outer reaches of the universe and spanned the scale of time. From his strange vantage point Einstein was able to see the topology of space-time. He was able to see that space-time was curved up into strange shapes that morphed into each other. He gave humanity the eyes to see the shapes of chaos yet his laws were still deterministic and at the level of human reality were just those same laws as discovered by Newton. 
The eyes of the quantum world were at inverse scales to those of Einstein. They looked at the world at Planck distances of very much less than the size of an atom and at incredibly small Planck times. Here the world was lumpy and wavy at the same time, introducing uncertainty. In fact Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle - that you could not co-measure location and motion to beyond a certain precision at the Planck scale - meant that reality of the present became uncertain. Determinism was now under challenge. If you cannot define the precise present, no matter what laws you use, the future will be uncertain. Uncertainty in , uncertainty out. Chaos had been restored to the world but only at this microscopic level. Once you accepted this uncertainty of initial conditions then the laws - in this case the Schrodinger law of evolution - would give deterministic behavior at the classical level. The laws of quantum theory had to reveal the classical laws at the macro level. 
But modern studies of chaos have shown that the response of some systems to small imprecision in the initial conditions can lead to complex, unpredictable behavior. The flapping of a butterfly’s wings in China can lead to hurricanes in Florida. Even very simple systems can become unpredictable if there are small changes in the initial conditions. Chaos is everywhere because of our inability to measure reality precisely. If we cannot know the present, how can we tell the future? 
Chaos has restored freewill. The outcome of our actions is uncertain. How we act has consequences most of which we will never know and most of which we can never possibly know. Yet the laws of science do tell us that certain consequences are at least probable and in many cases almost certain. The coin let fall from our hand goes down, not up. This is true in most of our realities. Yet some modern realities have shown that there are cases where the coin floats. For this to happen you have to have the highly improbable circumstance that you find yourself in a spaceship orbiting the earth. Yet you have the free will to make that reality happen. You make yourself fit, educate yourself and maybe adopt American or Russian citizenship. The chance reading of a science fiction book as a kid may be the small flap of a butterfly’s wing that propels you into space and a world where coins float.
Who knows maybe you are already in a world where coins float. The weird world of quantum theory has concocted such scenarios. Because of the Uncertainty Principle we can only describe the world in probabilistic terms. This leads to a spectrum of possibilities each with its own likelihood or amplitude. This generates a wave model of multiple realities each with a probability. When we make an observation only one reality emerges. Yet some theorists propose that all the others co-exist but are not accessible to us. This can be extrapolated to the concept of multiple universes each with their own Big Bang, each emerging from a froth on the ocean of greater reality. This froth is the ultimate chaos.
The philosophy that emerges from all this science and, in the case of multiverses - speculation, is still in formation. Whatever emerges will most likely be a philosophy of action. The realization that all our actions can have big consequences should make us more circumspect when we decide to try something new. Our past actions have been tried and tested. Sometimes the response indicators are very lagging. The effect on the environment of the huge rush to burn fossil fuels in the twentieth century may be chaotic. One of the features of chaotic systems is that the chaos can be hidden for long periods and then the system can suddenly flip to a new condition without any warning. Scientists have been debating for decades on the global threat of greenhouse gases and have not found definitive proof of the environment changing other than it might have done as part of its natural cycling. Yet the change may be waiting to flip. Can our actions prevent it? The butterfly has already flapped his wings. Our philosophy of action says we must try. We can influence our future by our present actions. It is only the determinists who would recommend inaction. 
More than action is required of a philosophy. It needs to address the existential loneliness of the human spirit. How can knowledge of the serendipity of the future be a solace or support to the spirit? We are here by chance and where we end up is all chance, albeit while here on earth we can force the issue a bit and become the prescribed astronaut or doctor or whatever. The human spirit seeks direction in terms of a future. Purpose and future are intertwined. A purpose without future is a contradiction. How does a chaotic future affect our sense of purpose?  We look into the future and discern the parts that appeal to us. If we are young we see getting our first job or getting married or starting a family. In middle life we see promotion, eventual retirement or perhaps grandchildren. In old age we tend not to see the future. We see a shortening remnant of a life. The unpredictable end is nearing. Death is becoming more probable. We start to question beyond death. The religious among us simply accept the paradigm of the joining up with God or Heaven, yet the specifics of this are never teased out. The atheist sees a simple end to a life. 
Chaos is continuous unpredictable change and underpins all reality. The human existence is an immeasurably small part of this reality. Being so small does not necessarily mean that the individual person cannot flap his wings. Each human existence does impact on the cosmos. What separates the human existence from other non-thinking events is the fact that humans have free will. They can place themselves in their environment and act independently - as if outside the normal laws of science. They become the special observers in the quantum world whose intervention causes the wave of possibilities of reality to collapse into their own almost solipsistic universe. It is solipsistic, as the individual is the only one who can experience it. Awareness of the universe places humanity in a very privileged place in the space-time of our cosmos. The earth has no special position in space but has a very special position in space-time - a vantage point that reveals billions of universes, one for each person born since the dawn of evolution. These universes are born and die with the body. They are not totally independent but overlap and tangle chaotically. Each can leave its mark on the greater universe or cosmos that evolves on a much vaster scale. 
If we take it that we live in this island of billions of micro-universes in the vast ocean of the greater universe, it follows that the greater universe is a solipsistic universe of a single being. But this reasoning is endless, as that greater being may also live on an island of billions of beings in a far greater universe. The world picture has become overcomplicated. There is no end point to the speculation. Rationality has been lost. Yet the flap of a butterfly’s wing is immensely remote from storms over Florida.
The only very recent focus of the scientific community on chaos is evidence of how myopic culture can sometimes become. Science has set its stall in searching for simple laws that short circuit complex behavior to give predicted results. The problem for the world of knowledge is that such efforts constrain activity to very simple systems that display minimal complexity. The cold realization is that most of the systems in nature are utterly irreducible in terms of their computational complexity. This means that, say, the evolutionary history of the bumble bee cannot be summarized into a short program so that after a set number of computations out pops the completed insect. The hard reality is that the bee is the result of trillions of computations over trillions of generations. Each generation applies some as yet unknown basic ‘bee’ rules to the constraints imposed by the environment at that time. The aim is still survival against the background of the environment. The bumble bee as we now see him is a work in progress. The idea that an optimum ‘bee’ has been attained, despite the obvious beauty of the insect, is far from being achieved and indeed can never be achieved. To meet the requirements of optimum survival form the bee would need more computational runs or generations of lineage than there are particles in the entire known universe!
The bee is certainly a very complex organism and we have to concede that we can never recreate its beauty computationally. That does not mean that we should not strive to understand and divine the underlying rules or laws of ‘bee-ness’ or any other system. The fact that many simple systems generate chaos or complex unpredictable behavior gives a hint that the underlying rules for bees may be quite simple. For example the color texture of the bee can be simply modeled computationally from a few basic rules. The paradox of the ‘bee’ example is that to us the bee does not appear disordered or especially complex. In fact it is the external environment that has forged the bee that is chaotic and random. The bee evolves as an ordered state in a chaotic world but it is as attached to the world as a baby is connected to its mother’s body by its umbilical chord. Without the external environment there would be no ‘bee’.
The same line of thinking can be applied to all living things, even to homo sapiens. The major difference with man is that through his self awareness he can react actively to his environment and this in turn adds an infinitude of further complexity. Men and women are indeed very complex animals! They have to be viewed not by invoking simple rules for behavior but from the perspective of the billions of years of evolutionary history where each generation of ancestors struggled with the external environment. The digits of my hands are linked in a causal chain all the way back to the primitive fish that first migrated from sea to land. Each of the billions of steps has to be taken to arrive at the dexterity of these typing fingers. There is no short cut or rule of thumb to cut out the slog of reality. Science will never develop a ‘finger’ law complete with exponentials, complex numbers and high order partial differential equations. Such a law can only describe simple systems. 
If science is toothless in describing the real world of complex systems why bother at all? It is not as hopeless as it sounds. All knowledge is based on perception and analysis, in the fervent hope of reordering the data into bite size understandable chunks. The human brain, magnificent though it is, has not the capacity to store all its inputs. It must choose and link data and then store the key links. In doing this it filters all but a tiny percentage of all incoming perception. It then tries to categorize the information in terms of language. The concept of ‘bird’ retains its general features of ‘beakiness’ or ‘featheriness’ or whatever. It then tries to link the stored data and form of language emerges in terms of subject and object. The dynamics of the external environment then lead to the development of language in terms of action verbs. These are primitive statements of law that describe the real world. 
But these words and verbs have their realization in the external environment. The developing brain now tries to fix the words in space and the rules of geometry emerge. The movement of words in space lead to the development of dynamic laws. Science can thus be seen as a natural evolution of language. Like language it tries to filter and simplify. Most sciences do this quite unashamedly. For instance the science of fluid dynamics spends a lot of time studying laminar flow where the fluid flows in perfect parallel layers. This does not occur very often in reality but is simple and easy to study. Real life flow is turbulent, it flows in wild unpredictable eddies and is not susceptible to simple analysis. One can see similar patterns in thermodynamics where the famous second law contends that entropy, a measure of disorder in a system, always increases with evolving time. This science emerged from the study of gases but only by disconnecting from the external environment. The closed systems of thermodynamics are far removed from the complexity of real life. In fact biology shows striking contrary behavior in developing order out of disorder. No one has yet explained why order should emerge from disorder. Incredibly our world is full of islands of order in an otherwise disordered universe.
Science, in trying to apply simple rules to lend predictability to small parts of our world, is at the first step of a long journey of discovery. This was a totally necessary step and will always yield good results in terms of technology advance. Conventional science in that sense will always predominate and be of great value to humanity. 
Yet, even now, a new quiet revolution is taking place. The continuing advance of computer power has changed the paradigm. The huge computing capability of the internet allows analysis of complex systems for the first time. There is still the same restraint that a complex system is irreducible into smaller computational steps but the increasing computational world resource available in all the linked computers, allows scientists to run portions of evolution of systems under study. It will be like unlocking a secret corner of chaos. It will represent a paradigm shift in science for the first time, away from the business of simplifying but now focusing on the chaotic environment in which the islands of simple order float.
The paradigm shift is one of holism. To study chaotic systems you have to encompass the entire evolution of the system and that ultimately leads to studying the entire evolution of the cosmos. The thinking becomes one of linkage rather than one of isolation. Reductionism, which for so long was a very productive paradigm, may have had its day.

 
Five

Morbid Space


 
Sometimes wet drizzly weather can be exciting. I was well covered up in waterproofs and cap. The constant drip of water from my nose was satisfying. I was battling benign elements as I walked along the empty road. There was going to be no sunrise this morning. The gray sky in the east was unchanging, little different from that of the west that stretched out endlessly over the now calm ocean. I felt a slight elation in myself. There was no worry shadowing my existence. I felt lucky to be alive and thinking. I had had a hearty breakfast and was determined now to walk it off. I upped my pace and breathed deeply. This was life.
It’s strange that birds seem to act with diffidence when the rain falls. They dart about in the undergrowth or seek shelter in the dense hawthorns. They never sing or take up the top-most branches that are their norm when the sun shines. The landscape was eerily quiet in the mist. There was no sign of nature in the green peaty slopes of the mountains that were the backbone of the island. My eyes followed the crooked lines of the gray stone walls as they streaked up the mountainside. Here and there the walls turned in on themselves and enclosed a small pointless reedy patch of green; some poor islander’s pride and joy; a symbol of the futile hope of the poor. 
I was starting to think negatively. I checked myself not wanting to descend into the national pastime of being pessimistic. Rather, I now tried to see the small patch of land as a triumph of man against random nature. It was evidence of the hope that each person must have in their heart to get through this life. I saw the toil of creating this small worthless plot as a priceless affront to the poverty of the times. 
My pace quickened leaving behind the sight of the mountain and facing towards the sea. The rain became heavier. The gray clouds had opened up their reservoir of tears. Keeping my face downward I plodded onward towards where I did not know.
There was no direction in life that was appealing. The present was where I was happiest. The past with all its memories was like a giant ghost that followed me relentlessly. I was unable to shrug off its burdens. When I looked into the future I only saw consequences arising from my prior life. No it was best to stay blinkered in the here and now. 
The rain, like a flood of tears, streamed down my face in a cleansing torrent. It washed away the memories as I struggled on. I was happy that the wet weather clothing was withstanding the worst that could be thrown at it. I was snug and dry and protected. 
It was strange to think that all the events of my life had led to this moment of enjoying an early-morning walk on a rain sodden island. Had I toiled to attain my various degrees, gotten married and divorced, fathered children and walked away, developed an academic career and retired - all to lead to this point. Life cannot be the summation of its parts - it is not a simple issue of integration. It is more a superposition of the various selves at differing times. Each instant is a different superposition. Sometimes I feel like crying when I recall the terrible moment Louise told me she was leaving. The memory still causes my chest to tighten with a pain that remarkably strikes my heart. Yet there are contrary times when I give gratitude to an unseen deity that I had many years of happiness with her where we each teased out our young lives together. Can the summation of the good times be made counter the bad? If life were a summation they could but it is not. Both must exist and both can individually inhabit a present. I am not the sum of my parts but each part adds to my present sum yet not in any consistent manner. It is because I seem to be able to regress in time back to those moments of pain or bliss. 
The more stable people in life are those who can forget or at least disregard the past. But there is something dead in such people. Their stoic regard saps a life force that drives the sensuous. How we deal with our past shapes us as present individuals. Those that are mired in the past become ineffectual depressives constantly seeking to relive or undo that which is forever locked away. There must be a happy mean whereby people can cherish the life gone before them and yet constrain to live in the optimism of the present. Those who are less imprisoned by the past have a more flexible future. 
I saw my past strung out before me endlessly. Its ganglions reached out to tug at my memories. The recurrent themes keep emerging and I try to repulse them. The pain and hurt, the jealousy and despair, the envy and shame, all rose like monsters from the deep. There was no sight of the angels or saints echoing the brief joys or celebrations. Depression, that greatest of monsters, lurked in the shadows.
How easy it is to descend from happiness. The benign contentment of a full belly and soft rain had been displaced by the downpour of negative emotions from the past. There was nothing in this present to make me feel bad. I shook my head vigorously, trying to knock some sense into my thoughts. I was angry at myself for allowing the past to intrude once again. I shunted the negativity into a bye-road of my memory. A sense of calm returned. Miraculously the rain too eased and the mist was once again a gentle balm to the senses.
I had reached the shore and as the road curved around to the west, the vast expanse of a tidally deserted beach stretched before me. The white sand glowed in the gray backdrop of sky and sea. The sea massaged the shore in gentle wavelets and the thought that this vast body of water could be so violently turbulent as it was on the boat-crossing was inconceivable. Time had sculpted this calm beauty from the frenzied elements of yesterday’s turmoil. I stepped onto the sand and put my first imprints onto this small recording patch of space-time. The imprints quickly filled with seeping water forming sequential pools zigzagging behind me. I loved how my weight was gently taken by the soft wet sand. There was no violence here, just quiet acquiescence that gravity pulls my body onto the soft mantle of the earth. I stopped after a few paces and regarded the track left behind. Already it was filling in as the plastic sand regained its former level. Soon all the evidence will be gone. Had I stepped on that spot at all? No-one will know or be able to tell. Nothing exists without record and the only record is in my personal universe. When I expire the imprints will finally be lost to time. Time is only my personal invention to record the data of my experiences. 
My steps fading in the sand mark my movement through space and time. The spacing of each step clarifies separation in space and the relative clarity of impression matches my march through time. The environment acknowledges my presence but does not keep a permanent ledger. The time auditor must be very prompt to catch my presence and preserve it. What will be left behind by my time on this planet? Of all the simple imprints of my presence in time the only ones that truly can survive will be my books. Those scribbles will be there on paper or on disc to tell the world that I existed as a thinking person and reveal the thoughts that occupied my brief existence. It was this that compelled me onward into the future, away from the troubled past. It was a simple goal to record and set down my thoughts almost as an anthropological record. 
Each life deserves its monument. No life should pass unnoticed because each is a separate universe of living. Imagine if we could visit different worlds in the cosmos. How excited we’d be discovering new life. Yet the same capacity is there for each human existence. Each has a unique universe that he may reveal to us by his life. The world of Mozart must be truly more inspiring that the most exotic extra-terrestrial life form yet to be discovered. We know that by the majesty of his life work - music that across the centuries continues to inspire humanity. Each of us in our own way can reveal an existence whose triumph of survival alone can be a similar inspiration. 
By now the far off tracks had disappeared. The beach was long and curved. The tide had turned and the wavelets lapped forward in their daily dance. Once more the sea regained its bite of the shore. I walked along the edge of the advancing water. The rain had once more become heavier. The world was full of repetition - endlessly reliving the inane. Time was mapping out its colorless norm. True events were in fact rare. The cataclysm rarely occurs. The norm is endless repetition of regularity. That is why time sometimes stands still. If nothing happens there is in effect no marker to time’s progression. If I were locked up in a dark soundless room I would quickly lose counts of seconds, minutes and hours. Days would become eternities without beginning or end. Nothing would begin, nothing would end. Only if I were able to hear my heart beat, or experience the pangs of hunger, would time knock on the blank space. The ultimate time is biological. The body is the border of time. Birth is the beginning, death the end. 
A morbid thought once again strangles me. The emptiness of death had long been presenting its fearful image before my aging body. Soon I would no longer be. These steps are limited in number. Each step is a step closer to extinction and oblivion. The cold dampness of the grave is the vista of the future towards which I inexorably march. My marching companion is not the bearer of hope that the saints espouse. My companion can offer no life beyond death. My companion is not a saint but a rational modern man honed from the Enlightenment and the modern revolution of scientific thinking. He is not even a philosopher who like a naive Socrates welcomes death for similar reasons to the saint. Even Socrates saw death as a stepping stone to another world where with luck he would be among the company of similarly wise men. 
If the truth be told there is never a case where death is welcomed. Even latter day Islamic martyrs must shiver as they face the transition point of their supposed entry into the land of endless virgins. No matter how trivially splendid the afterlife, death is never greeted with open arms. Even Christ despaired of death begging that the cup of sacrifice be removed from his lips. It is human to be afraid of death. Spinoza said that a free man thinks of nothing less than of death. He hoped that that by facing the ultimate fear man could focus on life, liberating himself from the tyranny of death. 
The tyrant takes no prisoners. We all succumb. It is curious that even though death is our constant companion we rarely acknowledge its presence. Literature and drama deal with it only on the peripheral level of its effect on the living survivors. The specter of death on the individual is shunned by our culture. There are no courses in preparing for death. 
The funny thing is that science does not accept death. When a particle and an anti-particle self annihilate they do not die but give birth to an energetic photon. When a photon gives up its energy a new particle pair is created. In science death is a continual creation. It is one of the mysteries of science that at the quantum level time is symmetric - there are no one-way junctions with no return. Symmetrical time means the death of death. Life and death are circular - one leads continuously to the other. It is only at the macro level that time becomes asymmetrical and death raises its ugly head.
While having a hazy view of death, science is quite precise on issues of birth. The Big Bang theory asserts that the cosmos had its beginning some fourteen billions of years back in time. In fact time as we conjecture it began with the primal explosion that created our universe. Since then the very fabric of our world has been expanding. This expansion should not be viewed as traveling outwards into previously empty space. Rather space-time itself is expanding, the density of matter constantly reducing from its initial incredibly dense beginning. Just as a gas when expanding gets cooler so too the universe cools and today it is a cold empty place, just less than three degrees above absolute zero and with a single lonely particle on average for every cubic meter of space. The heat generated by our sun and all the billions and billions of suns throughout the cosmos is negligible compared to the coldness of the space around them.
It is this expansion of the space-time bubble that gives us our sense of time and ultimately leads to our death. The increase in the size and the reduction of the average density of the universe is what we call an increase in entropy. Entropy always increases when viewed from without. There can be local decreases that temporarily buck the trend but they have to be sustained by an input of energy - in our case the energy comes from radiation from the sun. The earth receives low entropy sunshine and traps it in plants and fossil fuels and we humans and other living organisms make use of it to sustain our biological life. What ultimately leads to death is the entropy breakdown of the mechanisms we utilize for transforming this stored low entropy energy. The cosmic law of entropy increase means that eventually all organized systems eventually breakdown and die. Death is a high entropy state where order is replaced by fragmentation and where the components become more spread out in space and time. 
This creates a seeming paradox in that science at the macro scale of the cosmos entails an inescapable death while at the micro scale there is no death. Yet there is no paradox if we listen to what nature is really saying. Death occurs for large organized objects. Even the stars and galaxies will eventually over the eons of time dissipate into almost empty space. What will be left will be the void populated by the microscopic scale particle world where there is no death only a constant recycling of matter and anti-matter over vanishing small times. Out of this chaos of creation emerges the possibility of new universes, in fact untold numbers of universes. One of these may be right for the form of life, of existence that we presently experience, to emerge. Out of chaos comes eternal life.
Eternal life does not alas apply to the individual as most religions maintain. It applies to life itself. Life is something that can emerge from the chaos albeit very infrequently. The precise nature of the basic constants that define our existence means that life must be very rare indeed. Yet it does exist, of that we are certain - we humans are obviously proof of life existing. Yet this life is totally solipsistic, the lonely existential state of humanity. How wonderful if we could share our experience of life at the personal level. Maybe the future will bring technology and science to bring about a unification of minds and human existence. The concept already works for computers and may, ultimately, lead to all computers on the planet being linked and forming a massive supercomputing organism. 
In a certain way this is happening already. The individual life is embedded in a culture. This culture seeps into the very thinking of the individual and the individual in turn contributes to the development and change of the culture. Culture transcends the individual and time. It exists in the ether between vast composite minds united by social norms, art, music, religion and politics. Culture is more powerful than the individual and can unite dissimilar minds. Culture reflects the need for the isolated existential mind to communicate with fellow thinkers. Modern technology has revolutionized how this can be achieved more effectively. We now carry personal communication devices with us, permanently ready to engage with others. These devices can now link us continuously to the internet where our virtual worlds expose some of our private worlds. We subscribe to vast cultural movements based on art, theatre, literature and music. Association with these movements exposes our need to belong to a greater being. Our modern world has given us the capability to create this greater being. Future advances of science and technology may allow entering that greater being in a more substantive physiological and psychological reality. This may be our only hope of ever defying death of the individual. Life prolonging discoveries only deal in the marginal lengthening of lifetime. Sharing of our individuality may mean that we can survive, if humanity survives. 
Yet entropy will have the final say. The low entropy source of our beautiful star will eventually disappear. The sun will no longer shine and death will come knocking at humanity's door. The huge struggle for life will have been for naught. All will die.
But life does struggle heroically for survival at all levels. What is it that drives it to combat the forces of nature that insouciantly determine to make it extinct? Life even struggles against itself. The various life forms all are engaged in the struggle for survival. There is no privileged life form despite what many religions assert about humanity. Humanity has been around for a relatively short time in terms of the existence of life. There is no special indication that its reign will prevail - it has a long way to go to match the presence of the ill-fated dinosaurs. Insects have shown themselves much more adapted to survival on a planet such as ours. Bacteria are even better able to cope with what planet Earth can throw at them in terms of catastrophe. No one life form is wholly dependent on another. They can exist independently as long as they can get a proper energy source. Nature has no favorites and no design. Humans are special because they alone are aware of their existence in an existential way but this does not confer any special survival privilege. 
Where does this will to survive come from? Descartes' comment - ‘I think, therefore I am’, could be expanded by saying - ‘I am, therefore I must survive’. Everything living tries to survive. Suicide is not a natural association with existence. Death is not-surviving making in effect survival a definition of what life is. There is no life but survival. Survival is ‘being’ and ‘being’ underlies all science theory. Therefore scientific theory should have the origins of survival written into it. Survival means remaining in time. To remain in time you must travel at less than the speed of light. Because nothing travels faster than light there can be no measure of distance in a world traveling at that speed. Hence there can be no time as time is ultimately a measure of distance. So science implies that for survival to remain in time an entity must travel at less than the speed of light. This effectively means that an entity must have a rest mass. Mass is the being of life. Mass is the transformation of energy into time. Yet while there is a universal law for the conservation or survival of energy there is none for mass. What is conserved for mass is the quantity called momentum which is a mix of the mass and its motion through space-time. Motion of mass through space-time is what underlies being and therefore being must be conserved. Survival is indeed pre-coded into all entities. This model sees death as a transformation from one state to another. The ordered low entropy state of our human bodies transforms to the high entropy state of decay and release of all our atoms back to the cosmos.
This is an unhappy resolution to the analysis. We all know our bodies decay after death. This is not new. What may add enlightenment is to see our existence as ordered low entropy state in an otherwise high entropy universe. We are privileged matter created from energy and to energy we will eventually return. We are not dust which by definition is high entropy matter. We are highly ordered atoms arranged in very special arrangements the sum of which create our solipsistic world. We are returned to the dust of our planet earth and ultimately to the energy of the cosmos.
 

Six

Time



The sand squelched under my feet. The rain had stopped and a weak sun tried to break through the gray on the horizon. I stood for a moment to take in the beauty. It was inspiringly serene. It always is after the rain. The air has been purified. All the man-made pollutants have been washed away. Behind me the outline of the mountain against the skyline was crystal clear. The sun was now shining almost horizontally onto its peaty slopes and the chocolate browns and virgin greens condensed into a brilliant canvas. If I were a painter I would love to capture the intricate beauty of the  moment. Into my canvas I’d try to instill some of my calmness at that very moment. I’d try and impregnate it with my being. The scene would be a window into my world yet a world shared by others. Do they see the same beauty?
I walked on deep in thought. The sun while bright was not a warming sun and I needed to keep moving to generate heat. As the pace picked up I felt my temperature rise. My metabolism was converting some of the fatty breakfast into heat that spread throughout the body. The great irony about being outdoors is that we do not need central heating to keep our bodies warm. We move as nature intended and in doing so we burn up the excess fat that otherwise gets stored in embarrassing parts of our bodies. The indoor life is responsible for most of the obesity in western life. The ancient hunter gatherer was never going to suffer from a bulging tummy. Maybe we need to reconsider how we conduct our indoor life. So many hours are wasted going to the gym to work off excess calories from our poor lifestyles. If we determined never to sit down, to constantly busy ourselves at tasks of a physical nature, then the need not only for an expensive gym session but also for as much expensive heating would be obviated. 
I was thinking really of a return to nature. Get away from the sedentary life of television, computers and armchairs. Be a doer not a consumer. The modern paradigm has a fixation on consumption. The basis of economic life is one of personal greed. Advertising tells us we are worth it. We indulge and in our indulgence become less humane more self-consumed. Modern living forces us to become more inward looking. This introspection is a form of disease that consumes part of our humanity. Essential aspects of sociability are lost in succumbing to modern paraphernalia. The television or computer screens are some of the greatest threats to the norms of social convention. Children now associate meals, not with happy concourse around a table with chat about the events of the day, but with sitting passively on a sofa watching an inane sit-com that portrays a false virtual world full of senseless melodramatic themes. More and more the content of television programs descends to the level of the puerile. 
If not watching television the modern person must be hooked into a game, listening to music on earphones or maybe aimlessly surfing the internet. There is an avoidance of the quiet space of the personal in all these activities. The young person needs props to distract from the realities of life. As a result the level of self-awareness becomes diminished and the outcome is an individual who not only has problems with sociability but also with living with himself. 
This kind of thought shows that I am getting old - I chided myself. I am out of touch with the modern world. I don’t like what I see. I hanker after the old. I have become a conservative in my later years. How my younger self would have laughed in disbelief. I could never come to that. It seems to be part of growing older. I want the present to be like the past. Times change and so does the norm. If people want to watch ‘soaps’ while gulping down their dinner on the sofa - so what? The happy meals around the kitchen table are a lie. Life was never that rosy. Time has made them seem that way. I have filtered out the bad bits and maybe I am filtering out the good bits of modern life.
There is no book of life. The Bible and other sacred books were written for an ancient society. What is needed is a modern bible. Perhaps the United Nations should convene an international committee to write a modern book of life. The committee should not have politicians on it but should be made up of renowned artists, scientists, philosophers, musicians, poets and literary figures. The religious should not be left out even though they themselves practice exclusivity. The theme of the committee should be inclusiveness. The most important thing is that the book of life should be an open book, one that is subject to continual change reflecting the changing environment that the individual experiences. This committee should become a permanent review committee. It would be the most powerful group in the world. There-in might be its downfall. Arguments would arise about its composition and how members were elected. Groups of increasing diversity would want representation. The committee would enlarge and descend into ineffective chaos. The book of life would be doomed.
All great books have their discrete set of followers and the followers must blindly subscribe to the tenets of the book. There is no room for change. This lack of change is what has given the great religions of the world their longevity. To be conservative is to survive. Perhaps that is why we tend to be conservative as we get older. We know from experience what has worked for us and we are loath to experiment. The room for error or failure has greater consequences when our time is running out. There is less time to start over. That is why most people are most creative in their early years. The life ahead makes them unafraid of failure. There is plenty of time to try again. 
Time is always on my mind. I feel its constant ebb. As each moment passes I know the store of my life-force empties. At what point did I start to feel that the half way point was reached? There is no defined midway through a life. For most of my life I felt I was young and then unknowingly the paradigm had changed and I fell into the old category. There was no life event. I took the death of my parents in my stride - saddened but not threatened in my own existence. The divorce was a threshold but not one related to my age. At some stage I realized I had passed a tipping point and I fell over into old age. 
It was when I asked myself the question - ‘Is this all there is?’ - that I realized I had left youth behind. As a young man I ploughed my way through life without awareness of my existence. I just got on with it. I drank, played games, caroused, woke with a heavy head and then started all over again as if there was all the time in the world. Life was a playground in which to experience as much as possible. Work, career, were enablers. There were no longer term goals. Youth was decadent. But that is what youth should be. It should ignore the responsibilities of old age. There is no accountant weighing up the purpose of our actions. To live life you have to experience it. Thinking is for old men.
At some stage I started to think about life and that is when time revealed itself to me. Since then I have been jousting with time. Attacking it in forceful thrusts and retreating always from its insistent rebuffs. Time is like a monster that looms over us yet we can neither repulse it nor conquer it. It plays tricks on us - feigning friendship only inevitably to betray us by mockingly revealing the terror of death. No - I am no Socrates or Spinoza. I want to cling to life. I fear death.
My steps remained as imprints on the wet sand. They stretched backwards as a world line record of my errant path. Each imprint was a point in space but its position in time was not quite clear. The time had passed. The mark in the sand was in my present - it was the making of the imprint that was in my recent history. How could I see this in space-time? It was not intuitive or natural. The precise moment of footfall was gone yet space-time suggests that it still exists somewhere not accessible to me. I found this hard to believe. Maybe space-time was just a mathematical construct after all. The scientists who claim a reality for it could be deluding themselves. If space-time really exists then my moment of footfall must be forever repeated in the infinitely receding worlds of my past. This vision has no economy of content. 
So what if space-time doesn’t exist? Space certainly exists. I perceive it and I know of no human being who has not felt its presence. That could mean that space and time are separate quantities and not part of an integrated construct such as Minkowski space-time with its time cones of light past and future. Perhaps our understanding of time as a real phenomenon is incorrect. Space ‘is’ and is occupied by objects. These objects are in perpetual motion relative to one another and there relative positioning is what gives the illusion of a separate phenomenon called time. The movement of the objects in space is caused by forces that relate to the type of object interacting. At the level of planets, stars and galaxies, it is the gravitational force that operates. It is an extremely weak force and thus gives rise to a concept of time that is very long term. The resultant changes in space occur relatively slowly; the earth takes a day to rotate, a year to orbit the sun. The sun takes two hundred million years to orbit the galaxy. The Milky Way in turn moves in intergalactic space on even longer time scales. At each scale of time the yardstick is the rate of movement of some slower scale. It is as if the measure of time is correlated to our view of space. On earth the space is that of the daily spinning of the planet about its axis. It sweeps space around with it, the space of our atmosphere and biosphere. The movement causes changes in the weather systems causing winds and cloud movements that are the local markers of time. The constant rate of rise and fall of the sun across the sky makes out time as something continuous and even in its flow. 
The greatest mystery has to be what has happened to the immediate past. Has it disappeared into nothingness? Philosophically and scientifically if the past persists then the future also exists. What then of free will? Maybe the past does not exist, nor the future. What only is exists is the ‘now’. This is consistent with the view that time is just the relative position of objects in space. Now is just one layout of all the objects in the universe. Now, for me, is my visual and perceptual ability to see the nearest objects to me as they are currently moving. I am limited by my visual field to a limited subspace of the universe and as the objects therein, including my own body, change position I get the delusion of time passing. All that is happening is that the objects are changing position in space in accordance with the force laws. When I look at the skies and the heavens on a starry night it is the force of gravity that causes the movement of these large distant objects. When I look around me at the trees, birds, animals and indeed other human beings, it is the electromagnetic force that causes the movement of all these things. Compared to the force of gravity this is a far more powerful force - greater than gravity by a factor of ten to the power of forty! Luckily this powerful force always seeks an equilibrium state in which there is no net external effect. It settles down in neutral atoms which make up all the moving objects of our universe. The way it forms these atoms and their subsequent interaction gives rise to the chemistry of life. The more modest pace of chemical interaction as compared to the fast, speed of light pace of the electromagnetic force is what gives us our sense of human time flow. The changes in our bodies occur at this modest bio-chemical rate and our observance of these changes gives us our sense of psychological time. This psychological time is sometimes supplemented by electrochemical nerve cell changes that generate a keener sense of time in times of danger or excitement. 
As humans we should be unaffected by the changes generated by the electromagnetic force except in their subsidiary electrochemical instances. We do not see an atom losing or gaining an electron. While we experience the impact of millions of photons entering our eyes the single photon is outside our range. If we could sense these events happening as they do at the speed of light -some three hundred thousand kilometers a second - what we would experience is that, relative to our normal world, the world of electrons and atoms changed at an incredibly frantic pace. The sheer amount of change would make our sense of time go askew and we would sense time rapidly passing - a lifetime’s change could occur in one second. But this is nonsense - no human being can ever experience such rapid change. In less than a twelfth of a second an observed electron would be distant from the observer by a distance comparable to the circumference of the earth. To observe such an electron an observer would have to be sited in deep space with very special eyes. The ingenuity of humans has got round this obstacle by replacing human eyes with special instruments that can track the movement of the electron even at these great speeds. This can never add to the human paradigm of time as sensed by the body and time remains firmly rooted in the bio-chemical change rate. 
Quantum mechanics has opened up the world of the infinitesimal time scale. Scientists talk of incredibly tiny times such as ten to the power of minus thirty five seconds. In fact they have reconstructed the initial moments after the Big Bang at these very time scales. What that tells us about the world at that time is that changes were happening furiously. The more the universe changes the greater it can be dissected into smaller time increments. But the curious thing is that the ‘now’ for the world just milliseconds after the big bang is the same as the ‘now’ for the present époque with the only caveat that there was no conscious observer there to experience it. 
Time is change. For us here on earth we are lucky that for the present period we have the resources to record the changes that have occurred. We use these histories to generate theories about future changes and have managed to fabricate laws that at least in a local sense can foretell the future provided we do not require perfection. We can forecast the return of a comet or the eclipse of the moon. Newton’s Laws were sufficient and still are for most astronomical applications. Einstein changed the way we looked at space. The absolute space of Newton was replaced by the concept of a space-time manifold made up of events in space time. An event is another name for a change. The world is made up of events. Yet events must be the interaction of objects and for Einstein’s universe there must be a priori objects or matter. It is quantum mechanics that tries to gives an explanation of the origin of matter at least down to the singularity of the Big Bang. The origin of the initial energy of the universe is the greatest unsolved mystery of science and philosophy.
One of the greatest problems in unifying Einstein’s General Relativity and modern quantum theory is the carryover of the concept of time from one to the other. Wrapping up time in a new concept of space-time makes time a different concept to human time which is related to concepts of change of things. The general way of showing space-time for the scientist is to see it as a cone shape stretching from the point here and now into a diverging future view. For simplicity the space axes are reduced to a single horizontal x axis and time is seen as a perpendicular axis upwards towards the future. But what is sometimes missed in this representation is that the time axis is actually time multiplied by the speed of light ‘c’. Now a speed multiplied by time is distance but what is not realized is that this distance is very, very large. If the x scale is in meter units, a unit on the ct scale will be over three hundred thousand meters! The scale is incredibly skewed in the ct direction and is in effect swamped by the effect of the speed of light. Bringing this scale into the quantum world does not seem to be a practical proposition. Yet this is what is attempted in some cases. 
A more pressing problem with Einstein’s space-time is that it assumes the continued existence of the past and the real existence of the future. This is completely different from asserting that the laws of science are time symmetrical. If a process is reversible then the changes can be undone to recreate the present but the parallel existence of past and future is no more than a mathematical fantasy. This mathematical fantasy can be depicted on the space-time manifold but only in a heuristic sense. There is no objective space-time manifold. 
All that exists is the now. The now is in fervent change. Time is the concept that arises when the change is recorded. But what gives time its arrow - its sense of flowing into the future? Science gives the second law of thermodynamics as the answer - entropy. Entropy is directed change, change in the direction of increasing complexity. It doesn’t try to explain why all things must become increasingly complex - that is the law. If time is just change of objects in the universe should not the change be just random? It is the forces of nature - gravity, electromagnetism, weak and strong force- that cause the change so it must be an asymmetry in one or all of these forces that causes the asymmetry of time.
Change is caused. It doesn’t just happen. It is driven by forces that act between objects in the world. Science has identified only four separate forces at our current state of the cosmos. At earlier times, infinitesimally close to the Big Bang these four forces may have united into one original force. But in current times these forces have separated out and act independently. The force of gravity is the force that is ever present in our experienced world. It keeps us rooted to the surface of the earth and the earth warm in its proximity to the sun. It generates the heat at the core of the sun to enable the process of nuclear fusion that provides us with our photon energy for bio life on earth. Gravity is an attractive force bringing the objects of the world together. This is an ordered arrangement with a strict evolution from separateness to togetherness. While on the human scale change happens over long times, the resultant motional constraints on the objects have created periodic phenomena that can be translated into time motion - diurnal, seasonal and annual variations. We could set our time system to follow the phases of the moon if we had so felt the need. 
This gravitational sense of time comes from our being in the environment of the solar system. At any instant the objects in our local part of the world are fixed relative to each other and this relation together with the gravitational dynamic laws determine the change and the rate of change into the future. For the gross objects like planets and satellites this future is very determinate. We can predict very precisely where the planets will be in a thousand years time relative to one another. But the actual position in an absolute space of the solar system is less well determined. We know the sun rotates at a certain rate measured in hundreds of millions of years around the center of the Milky Way galaxy. Future prediction now becomes much less precise. Our knowledge of the relative positions of all the solar systems in the galaxy is very limited. Knowledge has now been introduced into our concept of time. To record change one needs knowledge of the current state of the system. At the level of galaxies and even broader still at the level of clusters of galaxies or even the greater expanses of large parts of the cosmos, our knowledge becomes very trivial and our ability to record change almost non-existent. We lose track of time. In fact time has no real meaning at this scale because it entails acquiring knowledge of possibly infinite systems in a possibly infinitely expanding universe. Even if the universe is finite in extent there is no likelihood of attaining complete knowledge of its composition and state changes to which would constitute time generation.
When there is great change, time intervals must be suitably small. The greater and more complex the system the greater the change that can be effected and the time scale required to capture that change must become infinitesimally small. When we look at the celestial sphere on a frosty night we stare in awe at the expanse of space before us. We know now that the light coming to us from the twinkling dots is coming to us after a journey of millions, even billions of years. We say we are looking into the past. It trivially makes us think that the past can be present. Yet all we are experiencing is photons that have traveled across the vast spaces of the cosmos without being absorbed by intervening objects. The past that they carry the record of is not there now - in the now of our local time. All that is left of the far distant past is the stream of photons. At best they give us information about the past but they do not allow reconstruction of the past. 
Einstein’s theory of General Relativity is a model for reconstructing the past. The dim and distant past of the cosmos appears to us in the form of photons traveling at great speed - the speed of light ‘c’. This world of great speed is far removed from our everyday experience and the space-time in which such speeds are possible must be on the grand scale of the cosmos. The genius of Einstein was to be able to take the information of all these incoming photons and trace them back through a space-time made up of objects changing in space. The key to the structure of space-time was that nothing could travel faster than the speed of light - change could not happen other than at the speed at which light could record it. This defined the network of nodes of space-time. Space-time was a grid where each node was an event or change. The physical spacing was determined by the limitation of the speed of light. This space-time was a construct - a model to recreate the past and create the future. Events in space-time were linked by the dynamic laws of gravitation. Objects being in the world and their mutual attraction made space-time curved unlike flat Euclidean space of which we are aware in our local part of the cosmos. The space-time of General Relativity is that of the grand scale of the universe. It does not have real relevance to our local parish of the sun and its planets. It cannot, as it deals with speeds close to the speed of light which by definition means that the distance scale is set to that of the universe as a whole or at least substantial portions of it. 
While the model attempts to recreate the past and determine the future it does so only at a very crude level. The information it delivers about the present is very limited. It tells us how the universe looks to us now in a very coarse grained way. We may map the galaxies and their clusters into broad groups such as spiral or spherical. We determine the mean density of matter visible yet know that there is substantial unknown matter that has eluded us. Not knowing the present very well means our change observations have to be very broad and fuzzy. The time presented by this lack of knowledge will be correspondingly very broad and will be on a scale of millions of years. 
The gravitational force gives a sense of direction to time. All matter is attracted to other matter and clumps together to form the structure of the universe. When sufficient mass is achieved then the process of nuclear fusion is initiated. The force spectrum is now increased to encompass the strong nuclear force and electromagnetism. These forces counter the force of gravity in its insatiable desire to clump things together even more densely. At the level of the star like object these new forces prevent the gravitational force completing its destiny and creating a black hole or point of infinite density - the singularity. If this were not the case local time would disappear or otherwise become disconnected from the universe. Unfettered gravity leads to the death of time. So while it gives time its direction or arrow, it also points in the direction of the end of time. The great savior is the emergence of the new role of strong and electromagnetic forces that have little or no relevance at the greater scale of the cosmos, being very local in their action. These forces only manifest at the scale of the atom.
Gravitational time is slowed down by the action of these new forces. The life of a sun can vary from tens of millions of years to thousands of millions of years. The nuclear force engages in a long battle to restrain the tide of invincible gravity. The sparks of the battle are the floods of radiation in the form of low entropy photons that suffuse the direct vicinity of the star providing the energy store for the chemical revolution that eventually led to the first stirrings of life on a rocklike planet caught in its gravitational wake. 
Time for the sun is a different concept to that on earth. The sun is sustained by constant nuclear reactions at its incredibly hot core. Change is chaotic and very rapid. To capture this change the time scale must be infinitesimally small. Yet a single photon can take thousands even millions of years to make its way from the core to the surface from where it can escape to space. While gravity still is felt on earth, its effect of the normal processes of the planet is minimal. Here the electromagnetic force takes pre-eminence. The main elements of matter have long ago being manufactured by suns and their eventual resting place is the rocky earth with its molten core of iron and silicate crust. It is the lucky presence of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and a host of other elements at or near this crust that has allowed the electromagnetic force to engage in chemical synthesis. 
Chemical synthesis like gravity is directional. Gravity looks to clump things whereas chemical synthesis seeks to find chemical equilibrium - a lowest energy stable state for any collection of elements in close contact. What drives this is the need for the exterior electrons in any element to attain a minimum quantum state. Left isolated such elements would settle down to a dormant state. There would be little change after the initial ‘kerfuffle’. Time would cease rather like it has for the moon - a timeless desert in the night sky. But the system is not allowed to settle into monotonous rigidity. The sun’s photons constantly bombard the planet. The energy imparted to the mix leads ultimately to an atmosphere that fortuitously doesn't evaporate off into cold space. Change is maintained by the sun’s low photon entropy. We take in these low entropy photons and re-radiate them back to space at higher entropy. The net energy remains constant - we export as much energy as we import but at a higher entropy. If we didn’t the earth would heat up. Unfortunately humanity has upset the delicate balance and the massive carbon dioxide released by modern society has prevented much photon escape and the earth is overheating accordingly. 
Time on earth is characterized by the pace of chemical change fuelled by the sun’s photons. The direction of this change is the constant quest for thermal equilibrium. The patterns of our weather are driven by attempts to equalize pressures and temperatures in the atmosphere. The state of thermal equilibrium is that of highest entropy. The scientific view of the arrow of time does seem to eventually reduce to that of the direction of entropy flow. The great paradox is that life is a state of very low entropy that has emerged spontaneously from this sea of elements being driven relentlessly in the opposite direction. Life is in effect anti-entropy. If entropy is increasing disorder, life is increasing order. Life is like a backward flowing stream in the great tidal flow. Each rivulet survives for a brief time but eventually like all others is swamped by the power of the greater flow.
More than just life, all structure in the cosmos is anti-entropy. Structure emerges from the sea of high entropy equilibrium. Structure is like an anti-entropy pushing up stars and galaxies from the clinging viscous ocean of equilibrium. Indeed structure may be likened to gravity but is anti-gravitational only in the sense that it operates in a reverse direction to the entropy arrow of time. Stars are like mountains in the flat plains of high entropy equilibrium. Time is, in essence, structure in the world and our human sensation of time is the perception of change in this structure. Time exists outside of human and living organisms because structure exists. The evolution of structure is the evolution of time. 

Time had passed unnoticed. I had reached the end of the beach and was standing still not looking at anything in particular. The dark interior of a cave faced me and the tide was sending wavelets forward to its entrance. The rain had stopped and I sucked the fresh air into my lungs. My mind had worked too much on theorizing and it needed a washout. By inhaling deeply I had the sensation that the air was infusing my body with its purity. I had a mild sense of euphoria and wanted the moment to last. Somewhere in my body endorphins were being released and the feel-good sensation took hold. 
I turned and began to retrace my steps already beginning to disappear in the coming tide. There was no noise only the musical rhythmic pulses of the water. This is happiness basking in the moment of pure calm. The release of my mind from the turmoil of search was revealing an inner dimension of peace where the current moment in itself was enough to savor. 
 

Seven

Modern Science and Philosophy



The small cottage was situated near a quiet strand. Facing south west, it overlooked the shingle beach and had the mountains sheltering it from the north. I loved it the moment I laid eyes on it. Simplicity was what I needed - two small bedrooms, a central living room with open fire surrounded by a large hearth and a small surprisingly well-equipped kitchenette. The bathroom didn’t have a bath but the shower was fine. All in all just perfect and cozy too. The owner was quite happy to get rental off-season and I had it as long as I wanted, at least until the high summer season. I had no intention of staying that long so it suited my requirements perfectly. 
The first thing I did was set the fire using the turf that was stacked under cover outback. The smoke rose reluctantly but after some vigorous fanning the flames took off. As I admired the warming fire, I felt peacefully at home. I pulled an armchair closer and, sinking in, closed my eyes and dozed.
Sleep is our release from reality. It loosens the strained strings that tie us to current worries. Life of the sleeper is not the now or the future but is a conglomeration of the past. Histories get mangled and reconstructed into improbable mixtures. Worries and desires feed off one another. Fear is a frequent visitor. Experiences that have been etched on the memory are brought forth in an unknown pattern. Dreams are voyages around a life. They travel backwards and forwards in an unconscious past. They pluck a fruit here and sow a seed there, always creating an enigmatic experience in the chaotic total. 
As I opened my eyes I was aware of having dreamt but as I blinked my eyes, focusing on the dying fire before me, the memory was already fading. I had a slight uncomfortable feeling and this made me want to let the dream go. I concentrated on the fire assessing the smoldering ash and wondering whether it would revive if I added a few more sods. This utilitarian thought succeeded in banishing all remnants of the dream. I strained to recall it but there was a mere blank. All that remained was that uncomfortable unease. I reached out to the turf basket and threw a dry sod onto the ashes. I waited. The first smoke rose and I knew the fire was saved. The simple relief was enough to banish my unease and once more I felt calm descend. 
After a while I added more turf and the fire was now warming and alive. Instinctively I placed my outstretched palms in front of the nascent flames and felt the added heat. There is a primitive fascination with fire. It was missing from my life when I lived in the city. My apartment never had that sense of heart that this fire presented to the cottage. Perhaps it’s because the fire is, in a sense, a living process that without nurture, feeding and care will eventually die. It is an extension of our own living, totally dependent on us much more so than a living pet or our inert environment. It is our creation and we can sustain it or let it perish at our will. 
The evening light had faded and there were shadows in the corners. The flames sent light dancing about the darkened room. I rose and pulled the curtains. I didn’t bother to put on the overhead light but lit the reading lamp in the corner. As I put on a kettle of water I stared in contentment at the homely scene framed by the kitchen door - armchair by fire in a flickering dimly lit room. This was just what I wanted to assist me in my quest. I needed peace and tranquility to allow my mind free itself of its former life. I wanted to forget the past and just dwell on the present or more importantly my present thoughts. I wanted to excise the personal experiences that had taken heretofore so much of my energies. Such negative strivings for personal happiness - a happiness that was always going to be unattainable and at best fleeting, creating confusions and frustrations!
Now I banished them all. I was going to dedicate my life to sifting through the myriad ways of the mind. I wanted to leave behind something that maybe would add to the sum of mankind’s journey to enlightenment. I had only a vague sense of what that contribution might be but I knew that at best it could only touch on the distant verges of understanding. I sat down and started to write.

The more I explored the world of knowledge and thought the more I saw it as a fractal like surface - increasingly complicated the closer one looked. Investigation, rather than solving the mystery, was only adding to it. This negative loop was frustrating initially but I had a faith in the ultimate meaning of reality. The search for it may be a Quixotic joust at a shifting target or, worse, inaccessible by the very fact that we are part of it. If we live inside a large box we can only know about the interior of the box and of that we can expect to know all. But of the exterior of the box we can know nothing nor can we guess or surmise or theorize on the infinities of exteriors. The box exterior may be painted in any of an infinity of colors. Its surface can assume any shape it wills. Each degree of freedom thus has an infinity of options none of which we can predict. In fact we can not even form the set of the degrees of freedom such as color, shape, texture and so on and on. There may be essences of the exterior that do not display themselves or are not present in the interior. There can be an infinity of such new or unknown essences. From within the box we are severely hampered. The cosmos is our box and we, as thinkers and explorers of meaning and understanding, are forever confined within.
Is this a hopeless cause then for the great thinkers of our age? The search for a Theory of Everything must rank as man’s greatest hubris. It is surely a misnomer to call a theory that may unify gravity and quantum theory a theory of everything. For one, it will not give a theory of life. Nothing in any of the current candidate theories even suggests why conscious life arises in our cosmos. The best theory is that so-called Anthropic principle that we are alive in a world such as ours because that is a world that facilitates life. This is deeply unsatisfactory and suggests that there are infinities of worlds out there where there is no life or where there are an infinity of lives different to our own. Occam’s razor should be used unscrupulously to excise all these superfluous worlds. A theory should be as simple as possible and that approach certainly fails miserably. That it is considered a potential theory shows how much we have become divorced from our personal realities by the unbounded efforts of theoretical scientists driven by mathematical frenzy and love for the esoteric. 
These ‘many worlds’ theories are not properly criticized by either their creators or by philosophers. Their creators are driven by increasingly complex mathematical structures that require additional dimensions to space and time to facilitate the creative ideas. String theory, on which the best minds in the world of science and maths are staking their professional lives, may be a theoretical cul de sac. It is so difficult to understand that philosophers, who should be concerned with the vague claims it makes about reality, are in no position to criticize it at all. What is the rationale for thinking that matter at its most basic is composed of bits of string-like existence? Is there evidence for this within the box or is this one of the infinity of theories about the exterior of the box that has for some reason gained credence?
In the last one hundred years science has made major advances in the deconstruction of nature. The original atomic ideas of the indivisibility of matter beyond a certain limit, so naively proposed by some ancient Greeks, lay dormant for over two millennia. But the evolution of the scientific method and the liberation of the Enlightenment allowed scientists to explore ideas of origin that did not coincide with extant religious dogmas. At the end of the nineteenth century and the early part of the twentieth century the greatest revolution in human thought took place. It can be traced back to Copernicus and Galileo breaking the earth-centric world view. Newton and Leibnitz added the science to the dynamical world of the planetary rotations. Maxwell and Einstein expanded the world to include electromagnetism and gravity. The founders of quantum theory, Planck, Schrodinger, Bohr, Dirac and a host of other great minds, along with the great sea of experimenters from Rutherford and colleagues at the famous Cavendish laboratory onwards, all contributed to the pushing back of the frontiers of the infinitesimal. The world they created of electrons, protons and neutrons gave way to even smaller and more exotic particles based on the theoretical work of great minds in the latter half of the century - their names are too many to mention. Now the world was composed of strange particles called quarks which in theory can never be seen in isolation. These quarks are held together by forces mediated by other particles called gluons. The force acts in exponential proportion to the distance of separation and thus an infinite force is required to cause two quarks to part. 
A strange world this is compared to the original atomic simplicity. But it is even stranger still. Dirac one of the greatest theorists of all, predicted the need for anti-matter when developing his famous equation for the electron field. There was and is a particle called a positron, identical to the electron but of opposite charge. When the two meet they annihilate and turn into photonic energy. This concept of anti-matter had never occurred in philosophical exploration before. It was hard to comprehend and moreover all the anti-matter had been annihilated and there remained an amount of ordinary matter of which our world is composed. 
What can philosophy take out of this modern scientific world view? It is difficult to get one’s head around the many developments in the rapidly evolving theories. When even that severe complexity for the average philosopher struggling to understand becomes even more convoluted by the development of string theory then most philosophers throw their hat at it. They consign it to what they call the philosophy of science and debate over things they are more comfortable with such as what constitutes a theory and how can a theory be contested, or how theories evolve. Many tomes have been produced on these aspects or on the more debatable areas of quantum theory. Schrodinger’s Cat became a very popular paradox. Young’s ‘Two Slit’ experiment was discussed in all the latest papers. The nature of the dual wave or particle entity was an intriguing paradox. Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle being simple to understand was tossed about in all the right debates. Scientists themselves were drawn into the debate. Bohm saw in quantum theory the potential for overlap with the ‘wholeness of nature’ idea of eastern religions.
In the view of many of today’s theorists all the foregoing developments were just the forerunners leading to a string theory of the world. The world comprises vibrating strings of infinitesimally small length in one dimension which can be open ended or looped and which move in world lines through space time mapping out complex multidimensional manifolds of equally complex topology. It was once said by an acclaimed quantum theorist that if anyone claimed they understood quantum theory fully then they really did not understand it at all. The same can be said even more forcefully about string theory. How are poor philosophers to enter this complex world without becoming accomplished theorists themselves which, assuming they had the mathematical capability, would in itself demand all of their time leaving none remaining for philosophical development?
This is one of the problems of all modern knowledge. It has expanded at the rate set by the increasing education of an ever increasing number of people involved in the enterprise. At the turn of the century it was possible to keep abreast of all areas, at least to a peripheral extent. That is nowadays impossible. Philosophy as a result will always lag behind scientific evolution. Its only hope is that, in so doing, it will be saved the wasted efforts in coming to terms with the seeming impacts of theories that ultimately have to be discarded. Philosophy is really only coming to grips with General Relativity and quantum theory even though the field has moved on, in its own view, into the world of strings.
The fact that Einstein’s great work and that of the subsequent quantum theorists may at some stage be subsumed or even replaced by a completely new and broader theory does not absolve philosophers from trying to draw out the implications for these areas. Historically it was the developments in science that were the precursors of new ideas in philosophic thought. The barrenness of philosophical evolution during the middle ages can be paralleled with the stasis of science and mathematics during this same period. This period was characterized by superstitious alchemy and the equally superstitious religious institutions. The search for truth and enlightenment almost disappeared from the human consciousness. The eventual rise of scientific enquiry led to the overturn of these powerful superstitions and the reopening of objective philosophical enquiry. 
The radical changes to the world view engendered by modern scientific exploration should be accompanied by a comparable revolution in human thinking. That this has not happened is partly due to the scientists themselves who too busily occupied in their complex work areas have no time to disseminate the wider implications of their ideas and discoveries. One only has to look at the success of the engineering take up of these ideas, and the resulting technological revolution that has transpired in the last decades, to see what impact similar take up of ideas into philosophy could deliver. One can argue that it is easier to translate scientific theory into technology than into sociology, politics or ethics but that is not necessarily the case. The impact of communications on all of these areas is enormous and has led to totally new paradigms such as internet and continuous mobile connectivity. These technological revolutions took huge human resources to bring about but nowhere was there a similar effort to mould the developments, except in a reactionary way, to the better good of mankind. This role should have been taken up by a philosophy that kept apace of developments and modified current thinking accordingly. 
So much of philosophy is just history of philosophy. Current practitioners are constantly referring back to the great thinkers of either antiquity or the post Renaissance periods. History shows us how incorrect actions have led to bad outcomes and we would be foolish to ignore such valuable hard-earned lessons. There is, however, a big difference between acknowledging these mistakes and being transfixed by them.  Development is preceded by error. Note the error and move on. Philosophy seems sometimes to get locked in debate over past errors. The thoughts of eighteenth century man or woman are not those of the modern era. Philosophy should be of its day. The day of the modern philosopher should encompass the current revolution in technology and science that is taking place without its input.
To have input, there has to be foreknowledge and this requires that philosophers become polymaths. Because this will take so much time and energy the necessary sacrificial lamb may have to be the overemphasis on the history of philosophy. This may mean remaking some of the mistakes of the past but this in itself is not catastrophic. Sometimes an error must be repeated many times before the correct approach becomes engrained. Errors made in new ways and in different contexts and time lead to new insights. Maybe the modern philosopher should approach the modern world with a blank slate and allow the philosophy develop organically. This is not to thrash the great thoughts of the past but rather it is to recognize that the present presents a totally new paradigm that requires an objective and maybe totally new approach. The values of the past may need to be jettisoned, or at least parked, to allow the new thinking to evolve. 
This is perhaps just wishful thinking because philosophy like religion is conservative. It has structures based in the learned universities that perpetuate the norms of philosophical behavior and discourse. It behaves as a professional elite that only allows the initiated to contribute. The naive are sometimes tolerated but rarely accepted into the fold, without having gone through the full process of initiation. They have to be accredited by their peers and by the establishment. This sets up a terrible inertia to creative thought. If literature and poetry were organized along similar lines the creative flow and innovation would be severely stymied. The poet would be excessively burdened by the necessity of having to study all the great poets of the past and his creative juices would wane in the gargantuan task. Luckily you do not have to go to university or sit exams to be creative in literature. All you need is pen and paper or nowadays a personal computer. 
Philosophy should be like this. Everyone should be encouraged to add their contribution or ideas to the pot. The fear of the brotherhood of philosophers might be a total dilution of the quality of the thought. This certainly would occur but it is not fatal, no more than the existence of pulp fiction is to literature in general. The great benefit of the approach is that more people become entangled in the philosophic enterprise. Philosophy could become mainstream rather than elitist. In the modern world,  with the demise in many cultures of the dogmas of religion which to their credit at least gave people a fixed if irrational belief structure on which to base their lives, there is a need and an opportunity for philosophy to fill that vacuum. 
If people have no fixed creeds they must develop their own personal creed. By creed I don’t mean religious belief but rather life belief. They develop ideas that they are happy with, as to why they find themselves alive, and with supposed free will to do as they please. They learn through social interaction to put constraints on that free will, as heretofore constraints were imposed by the religion of that society. But modern societies are diverse multi-cultural mixes and the intermixing of credos becomes the norm. Gradually in these multicultural societies the role of assigned religious belief and behavior dissipates but nothing has emerged to replace it. Yet it must be replaced. What replaces it has to be capable of assimilating the diversity of modern life and contact between differing peoples. In effect a philosophy of life based not on religious or irrational principles but on firm universal principles that allow maximum free will and minimum personal interference. 
Such general principles should emerge not from the current philosophical elite but from an ongoing debate amongst the whole community of the planet. People should be encouraged to enter the debate that ultimately could be conducted over the internet. Millions of people would toss out millions of ideas and a natural evolution of thought would emerge over time. This emergent philosophy of life would not be fixed but would be in continual incremental change reacting to the social, political and technological paradigms. 
Elements of this scenario are happening already. The increasing inroads of ‘bloggers’ into the overall internet activity has given a voice to the common person. The content of blogs is very diverse but more and more they are influencing the way people think in general. There is no censorship or direction to the content but organic evolution of content is taking place. The situation is at a very early stage as yet but after decades who knows what will evolve? There is an excellent opportunity to mould this new platform of communication to foster the greater penetration of philosophical discourse to a greater and more diverse audience.
But what philosophy says to this new audience must be rooted in the modern paradigm. The staid world of traditional philosophy with its own private almost impenetrable language, that references historical figures and their passed conceptual ideas and terms, must be dropped. The modern ideas of the universe in which we live must be the stage on which the future deliberations on philosophical thought are enacted. This world of a boundless perhaps infinite cosmos or many such, down to the strange world of the quantum infinitesimal with perhaps string-like structure along with its population of forces and matter types that give rise to symmetrical dynamical laws and time asymmetry, this is the world that must first be inculcated in the minds of the common person. Understanding where you are as an existential being is a necessary prerequisite to all understanding. Likewise the evolution of the cosmos and the consequent evolution of life on earth must be knowledge revealed to all, to give some idea on how our existential personal being came about. Having revealed the where and the how, the why is open to debate against the universally open background. This is the platform for modern philosophical discourse that will become relevant to the common person. 
To establish that universal open background philosophers must ensure that early education, so much currently given over to instilling superstition and myth, be open to dissemination of current knowledge. There is no problem to teaching myth and religion as long as the dogmatic element is eased and the historical aspect accentuated against the backdrop of current thinking. There is no point in denying the past - we instead study the past in order to learn from it. 
The question of why we are here transcends all areas of thought. It has aspects in science, in philosophy and, despite some modern dissenters, in religion. Science tries to work out causal laws that define the evolution of being. It has been remarkably successful in this endeavor in the last century and the explanations for existence from the moment of the Big Bang up to life on earth are coherent and persuasive. The two remaining big questions are what was before the moment of the Big Bang and what triggered life to come into existence at some point in the earth’s distant past. Philosophy has come up with no accepted coherent world view. It has focused from time to time on specific questions and approaches but there is no consensus or even trend towards a consensus of thought. The philosophy of the ancients stands on a par with modern thought if perhaps not nearly as convoluted. This is surely an indictment of where philosophy is at and where it is going. What religion brings to the table is the power of personal revelation and the way in which this revelation can strike empathetic chords in many others. It is this introspective personal journey that is of value in the seeking of meaning to existence. However the downside of the emergence of dogmatic ritual and belief makes religion unsuitable for the truly liberated modern psyche.
In a way philosophy must take over where religion recedes. Society cannot run in total free flow. There have to normative forces keeping it from imploding. Philosophy must engage with the current scientific paradigm and generate new ideas suitable for that new view of the world. Politics tends to be too parochial to develop ideas that can transcend borders and cultures. The only such ideas to date that have achieved a sense of universality or globalization are the methods and knowledge of science and the power and impact of economics. The latter has failed unexpectedly at the start of the twenty first century causing financial chaos and destruction, threatening the entire fabric of all global cultures. The former has spawned a level of industry and technology that worked initially very successfully but it too has been deemed a failure at the current time as the even greater threat of global warming destabilizes the delicate balance of the earth’s bio-sphere. Both these great endeavors delivered initially great growth and wealth. There is no doubt that the level of poverty in the world fell consistently over the twentieth century. But hidden in the complexity of their operations were the seeds of their demise. What was at fault was the overuse of the concept that free systems tend to self organize to optimum state. The role of philosophy was missing during this long century of supposed progress. Philosophy should be at the forefront of debate of just what progress is for humanity. 
 

Eight

Consciousness



Material progress by its very nature is just a reordering of things. Whatever humanity receives in terms of supposed wealth it must take from its environment - it is simply a reordering of the local spacetime. Humanity lost the connection with the environment. It forgot that it, too, was a part of the cosmos, not set apart as many religions claim. In taking from the environment we are taking from ourselves at some other remove that eventually will come back to impact us. This inevitable feedback was ignored or perhaps humanity was not aware of it. This arrogant stance has much to do with the common religious view that the individual is special, set apart from the world. The world is there for the individual and may be exploited at his will. This primacy of the individual was reflected in the philosophies of the times. Philosophers never talk of the individual’s responsibility to the earth and its biosphere; rather they debate at length on the issues of an individual’s responsibility to either himself or to others. The vast philosophy of ethics has little to say about the earth or its sensitive atmosphere. In fact the trend of philosophy has been to deny the actual existence of external reality. All that exists are mere precepts of the individual. This relegating of reality and as a consequence the environment made the individual a selfish solipsistic existence divorced from the reality he was ironically deeply rooted in. Such attitudes pervaded into the world of science and economics. 
Science rarely sits back and tries to look at itself objectively. It is too busy in the quest for the ‘how’ of things. There are too many new routes to follow, new discoveries to make, new ideas to fathom. The pace of scientific advance in the twentieth century and on into the twenty first has been staggering. To keep abreast of new ideas and developments takes all the time and energy of even the cleverest and most able in the various disciplines. How then can they be expected to have the time to stand back and look to the whole: see where it is all leading, examine what are its current impacts, check they on the right road. This disconnection with the overall view of the wholeness of our world, that we are simply part of a much larger system, is perhaps the most pressing issue facing science and indeed humanity. Unfettered science has already uncovered means to destroy humanity in its totality and perhaps even to destroy all life on this planet. The current nuclear arsenals are more than sufficient to do this. It has been left to the politicians of the world to ensure that buttons are not pressed to unleash this nightmarish Armageddon. The economic crash of the first decades of this century was not prevented by these same politicians. Can we be sure that they can avoid an even worse nuclear meltdown?
Philosophy and science must engage. They must learn from each other not as master and pupil but as equals in humanity’s endeavor to exist and to continue to exist. Science has been effective in dusting off some of the lazy metaphysics that has straitjacketed philosophy. It has described the stage on which we act out our lives from the grand scale of the cosmos to the tiny scale of the quantum. It has described ourselves, the actors, in fine biological and biochemical detail. It has revealed our evolutionary origins. Philosophy is the audience staring at the play and trying to decipher the plot, the interactions of the characters and the likely denouement. 
There are two seemingly contradictory viewpoints emerging from science. On the one hand homo sapiens has come into being at a point in space-time that is of no particular significance in the overall scheme of cosmological evolution. His world line may be of infinitesimal length in the long duration of a potentially infinite space-time. What significance can this tiny world line have compared to the trillions upon trillions of other world lines in the great manifold of space-time existence? Yet on the scale of the infinitesimal, quantum theory places homo sapiens in a very privileged position as the observer that causes the spectrum of possible world lines of a system to collapse into one definite world line as soon as he makes an observation. This places conscious thought on a higher level than all other processes in its impact on the world. It places humanity once again at the center, at least, of his universe. Each of these views is polar-opposite in its aspect of where we see ourselves. 
If we are a tiny droplet of life in the vast oceans of existence how can our being be of any value? The fate of humanity is a matter of indifference to the cosmos. It will hardly make even the most infinitesimal imprint in cosmic memory. Our legacy may the remnants of radio waves that have escaped into the vastness of space - a garbled legacy of indecipherable meaning and almost no chance of finding a receiver, least of all a conscious receiver. What we do matters not one whit to the cosmos. It is not for the sake of the cosmos that we must survive. In the short run our only impact is on our own home planet - the earth. Here we can certainly leave a more durable legacy. But we now realize through science that the life of the planet is finite just as is the life of our source of energy, the sun. So no matter what we do, we are ultimately doomed to disappear from the existence of the cosmos. Travel to other potentially habitable star systems is beyond even our future capability. We are designed by evolution for our own unique environment and even if we could gain access to other star systems, humanity as we currently know would have to evolve very quickly to survive the alien environments. Some futurists have dreamt up the idea of self replicating robots that could voyage forever in galactic space programmed for survival. Certainly these robots theoretically could survive but they survive as robots not as humanity no matter how advanced artificial intelligence becomes. Biological humanity is doomed over time. 
But each individual life is doomed as death is its final fate. Yet the individual doesn’t give up in depression at the existential pointlessness of it all. He makes the best of a life in which he finds himself. He struggles very hard to survive, to improve his material lot, to improve his psychological well-being, to increase his knowledge and wisdom. Why does the individual do this against such a negative backdrop? The selfish gene theory provides some light over why we struggle to reproduce and this can be extended into life, as all the aforementioned struggles assist in the main goal of passing on genes successfully. The gene theory suggests that life has an in-built desire to survive but has it? The actual survival of life is testimony only to the fact that it has actually survived. There are billions of extinct forms of life. It is more the norm that life becomes extinct. We too must expect that ultimately we will become extinct yet accept that we can fight extinction as best we can to put off the final moment. 
On a personal level the best way to attain longevity is to adopt healthy lifestyles. We eat a good diet, exercise well both mentally and physically. We look after our internal environment. But we also interact with our external environment, with other individuals and society, and most importantly with the earth. The external environment can equally impact on our longevity. If our affairs and dealings with our fellow man are fractious or poor then mental health can be affected or in extremis violence can occur. Our life can easily be fore-shortened. Likewise the condition of our physical environment has large effects on our longevity. Pollution affects our health. Poor management of resources leads to famine and poverty. Mis-use of energy leads to global warming with all its ills. What this asserts is that our striving for personal survival is very much tied in to the survival of societies and of the environment. What we do at all levels of action impacts on the whole and through a sometimes complicated feedback loop impacts on ourselves. We should thus be driven by our contacts with society and with our environment to behave in a certain way that doesn’t negatively affect our own survival. Yet that complicated feedback system has been lost in the modern world. It was there at the more primitive times of living when humanity lived from the land and off the land by farming and hunting. Excessive consumption was always followed by local decrease in resources - animals over hunted or land over-used. In a modern globalized economy such feedback is not available at the local level as the supply and demand centers are geographically distant. There is no centralized mind looking at the whole system which is the earth itself to establish a sustainable equilibrium. 
Philosophers and scientists have to put forth persuasive arguments to society and peoples to get them to behave in ways that though there is no seeming local positive feedback, and even though the actions may be difficult or personally unappealing, will deliver what might the called the common good. The individual must curb his sense of free will for the greater good of humanity. This must be done by volition so that even when unobserved he does the right thing. In order to realize that seemingly difficult actions can be ultimately for your own good, it is necessary for the individual to be enlightened on a very broad basis of who and what he is and how he is part not just of a locality or society but a part of the whole earth and with it the cosmos.
The starting point for a new philosophy may be the new dualism presented by the world of quantum theory. This places the objective world independently evolving according to strict determinate laws. This world contains humanity and all living things as well as inanimate objects. All are composed of the same basic ingredients - atoms and molecules that have been created in the stew of the solar fires. All parts of this universe and others potentially parallel to it are on the same determinate footing but like the molecules in a hot gas the individual particle motions are lost in the infinite complexity of the molecular interactions. The complexity denies the ultimate determinate fate of any tiny sub-set of the whole. This complexity is fractal and no matter how small a sub-set is taken there is a similar degree of complexity in the deterministic dynamics of the system. This can be taken to the infinitesimal where the sub-set becomes an electron. The possible world lines of this electron, each individually deterministic, fan out over a bell shape distribution curve, each point of which is a measure of amplitude which relates to the probability that the electron will take that particular world line. The complexity of the degrees of freedom denies the determinism. The dualism arises because there is also an entity in the world that is set apart from the objective world of particles and their world lines and that entity is consciousness. Consciousness is not deterministic and has infinite degrees of freedom. These degrees of freedom constitute free will. The exercise of free will to select a particular world line for the electron and to test whether it is on that world line gives a result. The result is all or nothing - the electron is on that world line or else it is not. If it is found to be on that selected world line then it continues deterministically on that world line in the conscious mind of the observer. It has entered the knowledge of the consciousness. If the observer could detect the world line of the electron without interfering in any way with it then the overall bell curve of world lines remains as before. But that is not possible. To measure is to interfere. The world line is disturbed by the measurement and a new bell curve of world lines is formed by necessity. The measurement changes the future of the electron, resetting it on a new spectrum of possible deterministic courses. 
The new duality is the existence of consciousness and the rest of the world. This is like a version of the old mind and matter paradigm but it is very different. There is no exclusivity between the two realms and neither is each on a par. The world of matter is on a scale incomparably greater than the world of consciousness. The level of interaction is infinitesimally tiny so much so as to have effectively no impact on the greater cosmos. Its impact though increasing all the time is purely local at the level of the planet that spawned the consciousness in the first place. 
Consciousness is top of the pyramid of life. Its origin was the first chance measurement that was recorded at molecular level where, in the primordial lifeless stew of a young planet, the world line of an individual molecule interacted in such a way with others that allowed it to be recorded into the memory of those others. The configuration of the others becomes the memory. All life is based on memory that is stored in configurations of molecules. If the world lines of the original molecules were not strictly deterministic then the memory molecules would have to encode an infinitude of outcomes and life could not appear. But the laws of nature are deterministic and thus restricted the amount of memory needed to capture the first seedling of life. Once the initial memory was established then the process was repeated and repeated, leading to increasing complexity of entities that could interact and form more complex memory. Life happened by chance encounters of bits of memory. It evolved not according to any strict law but according to the rules of chance. The components of life were however ruled by the laws that governed the rest of the universe and if the presence of memory were not there then they evolve in a purely deterministic manner. Paradoxically, it is memory that creates indeterminacy in the universe.
The course of evolution of life is increasingly being revealed by the fossil record. If there is a direction then it is in the increasing content of memory in more complex organisms. Eventually the memory starts to self organize and special areas are reserved for memory and for transmission of memory. The roles of DNA and that special organ we call the brain are, now in the modern era of knowledge, recognized as being at the apex of importance in biological life. The separation of memory into the brain eventually has led to complexities that allows the brain to look not only at all the functions of the biological body but to look at the brain itself and how it organizes the memory stored within it. By having access to memory of the past the brain develops a sense of itself and consciousness appears. Consciousness has evolved from memory and is totally dependent on memory. A person with no memory is barely conscious living in a permanent now. Gradually such a person loses their sense of self as is tragically demonstrated by the Alzheimer’s condition. 
Consciousness takes on more and more memory. Civilization is based on the social memory that is passed on from generation to generation. In the modern world, memory has expanded so much that the average youth spends up to a third of his life just acquiring memory. The store of memory has been revolutionized first by printing and much more massively by the advent of computers and now the internet. Consciousness has spread throughout the planet and is now beginning to impact at planetary level. Global warming is a direct consequence of consciousness. 
The old symmetric duality of mind and matter is now replaced by the very asymmetric consciousness and cosmos. The cosmos is the vast unperceiving background on which the tiny island of consciousness floats. The causal route is essentially one way. The deterministic laws of the cosmos give rise to the genesis of indeterminate consciousness. Consciousness, in its turn, can only affect the cosmos on the very local scale. That it has arisen at all is pure chance of circumstance and that it survives relates to how it controls its impact on that locality. The locale is a blind existence unaware of its visitor. That the locale was initially favorable to consciousness evolving does not mean that it will into the future. The laws of nature can throw up obstacles to survival quite unaided by the ignorant antics of humanity. The delicate troposphere may be unstable in a chaotic sense and may behave erratically to our conceived notions of possibility. These behaviors can certainly be expected over long geological time scales. Over the shorter human scales we expect stability but through our own actions have brought forward the risk of major change into not only human scales but into the scale of the now. 
Humanity may not be the hub of the cosmos but it has through its consciousness become the hub of the planet earth. Therefore philosophy must be displaced from its emphasis on the individual and transferred onto a greater consciousness, that of the earth organism. The earth is to this wider consciousness as the body is to the mind. If we do not care for our body we face ill-health and eventually die before our time. Likewise even though we know that consciousness is here on earth for a finite period, by not caring for the planet, this period may be seriously foreshortened.
 

Nine

Science and its Regulation



The experience of the individual must be placed within the experience of humanity as a whole from its fragile beginnings some hundreds of thousands of years ago to the present epoch of complex cultural mixing. The interaction of humanity and its environment has evolved from a benign passivity to a dangerous activity. Increasingly science molded that activity to greater and deeper extents. In the last hundred years there has been an exponential growth in impact of man’s activity on the planet that is his only home. The initial blindness of man to this impact was firstly a fault of science itself not having the systems to monitor this increasing threat. When the threat was eventually hailed to exist, based on the early scant information, both science and society chose to ignore the warnings. 
It is understandable if albeit inexcusable that science failed to self-regulate. It is a given that regulation from within is impossible except in an ideal world. The world of science of the last one hundred years was far from utopian. It was populated by very clever theoreticians each grappling with a rapidly changing theoretical world. The engineers and technologists were being fed a wealth of new theory leading to massive innovation and technical complexity growth. It was enough to keep apace of the ever-increasing rate in the growth of knowledge and the advance of technology. There was no time to study or even be aware of the impact on the environment. The great dirty pollutants of the earlier part of the century, the big belching coal fired power stations that turned Europe’s forests  into acid-rained devastation and blackened all the great municipal buildings, had been cleaned up or displaced by cleaner gas technology. There was seeming improvement in the swathes of environmental destruction that was the legacy of the industrial revolution. Rivers and other waterways had been cleaned. Even the old toxic dumps were dug up and the earth reconstituted. Aerosols were banned and the ozone hole problem was under control. Lurking all the while unseen behind all this real progress was the specter of the rise of carbon dioxide gas concentrations in the earth’s atmosphere. Here for the first time humanity’s activity was affecting things in the realm of the solar system. The delicate balance of heat in and heat out for the fragile earth atmosphere was being altered in a way that was almost irreversible in the shorter term.
If there were no internal regulators then regulation must come from without. Here the role of the world of philosophy missed a vital chance to make its deliberations of substance to the real world. If philosophy had been more concerned with the entity of the greater consciousness than with that of the personal and if it had been less inclined to deny external objective reality, it could have done greatest service to humanity. It could have been the external regulator. By examining and developing an understanding of humanity’s relations with its home in terms of a general consciousness, philosophy could give the guidance to all man’s activities so that they are aligned with mutual equilibrium, for humanity a sustainable growth of consciousness and for the earth a sustainable troposphere. This sounds like a utilitarian role for the noble science of philosophy that most of its adherents would scorn. Yet if something is not of use what value has it? Philosophy must have relevance to our everyday lives just as religion filled that role in the past. Religion was never going to save the planet. Its sphere was also the individual soul. The planet was there to be exploited. Religion never came to grips with technology or science. The fate of Galileo was just the tip of the iceberg. Religion was always anti-enlightenment and was suspicious of knowledge unless controlled by its own institutions. It was the legacy of religion in the sciences and philosophy that allowed the overemphasis on the individual to become the accepted paradigm. 
Realizing that all life is part of a great stream of evolution of memory from that long ago random moment of initiation, bonds us as humans to all around us, our fellow humans, all living creatures and all living plants, even to the humble virus or bacteria. That consciousness, the ability to self observe, developed in humans was a chance occurrence but chance would have it emerge anyway given enough time and change. We are the conservators of consciousness. In a sense we are the chosen ones, albeit a random choice. We have the destiny of preserving this great inheritance and growing it. We are the memory of our local patch of space-time and to that extent we are outside space-time with the ability to look back over its past. In the future if consciousness survives and further grows perhaps we will develop the ability to see our futures and then we will have attained true wisdom as we will be able to avoid those futures that will be to our detriment. Already we have elements of future vision. The warnings of those scientists who claim that we are creating a greenhouse of our planet are the cries of those who have future vision. Those monitoring the paths of rogue asteroids that may someday pass close to earth are future visionists. The realm of the future will become bigger and increasingly important as a survival strategy for consciousness. Unlike the past of which there is just one, there is an infinity of futures but when we observe the future and divine it we collapse the infinitude into one. But the one that transpires is the one of our choosing to the extent that we can interfere with its path or world line. Just as the act of measurement interferes with the wave function at the level of the quantum so observing the future at the macro scale interferes with what ultimately transpires. We can shape our own future.
Science and philosophy can work hand in hand in the epic task of shaping our future, in acquiring the wisdom that knowledge of future potentials will bring. Science develops the theory and the technology to make us far-seeing beyond the primitive daily return of the sun to our skies. We can now look out on the expanse of the galaxy and deep into the cosmos. Our past extends the billions of years to the point of singularity. The laws revealed by this past and our present show themselves to be time symmetrical and allow us to stare into possible futures, indeterminate only in the complexity of interaction. The lessons learned when applied to our home, the earth, help us to navigate in the near future of our own special patch of space-time. It is at this juncture that philosophy can help divine the correct course for humanity. Philosophy can act as the mind of consciousness. It is consciousness looking at itself. Philosophy is thus also ‘emergent’ and rides on the back of the greater emergent consciousness. It must evolve and change continually just as consciousness has changed with evolving life. The starting point has to be that philosophy sits outside consciousness even though it has been spawned by it. Science and the entire knowledge endeavors are the apparatus of the experiment that philosophy, the observer, uses to interact with consciousness. 
In this sense philosophy is at a very early stage of development. It has not yet even sensed its true role or being. It is still in the classical stage of development just as science for most of its history failed to recognize that the experimenter must of necessity disturb and be part of the experiment. When the experiments were on the macro scale this decidedly infinitesimal impact could be ignored and so classical science made much headway in describing our primitive sense of reality. There were big things out there that moved in ways determinate but essentially independent of us, the observer. The duality of mind and matter presented no paradoxes. The paradigm developed and took hold for hundreds of years of classical satisfaction. The philosophical paradigm that was seated deep in the ancient world of classical Greece had no problem with the scientific classicism. There were both subscribing to the same paradigm.
The events of the start of the twentieth century that caused a revolution in the world of science - general relativity and the theory of quantum mechanics - signaled the end of the classical era. In the minds of a select few individuals, the consciousness of humanity made vast strides forward. Windows were opened on strange new aspects of the reality of our local world. We were able, through the power of great intellects, to see well beyond the physical limitations of our biology. Our brains have become our eyes and much more powerful eyes at that. 
Despite the momentous import of these new ideas there were few who could come to terms with their seeming complexity. The ordinary person had to rely on the accounts of those who tried to translate the worlds, which had been revealed in mathematical complexity, into a language that had no words for the concepts concerned. It was this same difficulty that hampered philosophy from keeping up with the emergent birth of a totally different paradigm. Those that did became caught up in the revealed philosophical paradoxes of the new thinking. They chewed over problems that were readily apparent. How could a particle be a wave? How could a light wave be a photon? Is Schrodinger’s cat dead or alive or both? These paradoxes were real and complex but were not what the new revolution was all about for philosophy. It was a case of not seeing the wood for the trees.
What philosophy missed was the new advance that was being forged by consciousness. The individual, the highest level of memory in all life, had succeeded in tearing away a shroud that was hiding the reality of existence. The worlds of the infinitesimal and the infinite were opened up for the first time. The laws of these worlds were not the classical laws that humanity had become accustomed to. The laws were strange anti-intuitional contortions that ranged from the determinate infinite to the indeterminate infinitesimal. The laws were not describable in our normal languages but could only be enacted on a mathematical stage. They could predict things in our language and this they successfully did on all occasions. 
The newly born paradigm was by its strange complex nature restricted to the very few who were able to comprehend its theories. Spreading the word was left to scientists themselves -this some did very effectively given the limited access to the various media that pertained. But this was not their work; they were trained as theorists and experimenters not philosophers. The impact of this new emerging paradigm was for philosophy to decipher and embed in the thinking of society. The first real realization that this new paradigm was real and potent was when the world heard of the explosion of atomic bombs at Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The power had been unleashed uncontrollably. 
The frightening power of that unpublicized early twentieth century scientific revolution is such that today humanity has at the push of a single button the ability to destroy all life on the planet. Consciousness has the power to commit suicide. Nothing should more excite the need for all of philosophy to be aware of this potential future. There is now a greater need to shape our future. 
How has consciousness come to the sorry pass that it can self-annihilate? Is it coded into the laws of nature that consciousness cannot persist? These questions do not have apparent answers. The laws of nature are time symmetrical laws when viewed from the perspective of the overall cosmos. Space-time may be infinite giving a sense of anti-symmetry but this infinity can be like the unbounded infinity of the surface of a sphere. There is no sense of an inevitable end of time that can presage a corresponding end of consciousness either by external or internal hands. There is no law that says that consciousness must die. However, likewise, there is no law that says that it can’t die. Extinction of consciousness is just one of the infinity of potential futures. It is incumbent on humanity to discover the threats to life and forge a safer future. Humanity already has discovered the lethal power of nuclear weapons and this cannot be undone. In order to ensure survival this weapons technology must be neutered and made impotent. Relying on the disparate parts of humanity’s consciousness to exercise good citizenship is not enough to prevent the fateful day of Armageddon. Science and philosophy must play a very pro-active role. Even the individual pacific dogmas of the world’s great religions could not prevent wars in the past and in fact their dogmas are more likely to cause conflict than resolve it. So philosophy must transcend the role of religion in developing an ethics of conscious mind that takes its ground as the whole of our local space-time, particularly the patch we call the modern era on earth. This ground though local in space-time encompasses its placement in the infinite of the cosmos and its composition down to the infinitesimal world of the quark or string. 
Science has revealed much of the ontology of consciousness but little of its teleology. It is for philosophy to come up with teleological solutions to the enigma of consciousness. Yet these solutions must be based in the physical rather than the metaphysical world. It is too easy to come up with metaphysical quasi-religious teleology. Neither is it enough or satisfactory to say simply that consciousness has no real ontological or teleological status because the human psyche demands such points in its existence. The human being is after all an existence between two definite points - birth and death. The metaphysical afterlife of religion may be ignored as a primitive attempt at teleological explanation. 
The ontology of consciousness was a random chance event that occurred within an infinite spectrum of events. Memory was a chance occurrence amongst the complex behavior of molecules that, once it occurred, either survived or perished. Therefore survival is the result of a long sequence of unlikely events but that consciousness exists at all is proof that the string of unlikely events prevailed. What that says of the future is that survival is based on similar chance unless that future can be predicted and chance annihilation avoided. This gives a basic teleology where life exists to survive. To survive life must develop ability to predict the future to excise those futures where it succumbs to annihilation. This provides a higher level teleology of increasing knowledge so that the predictive mechanisms become more accurate and more comprehensive. Knowledge becomes a key player in survival. Yet there is the paradox that the increase in knowledge has created a greater threat to survival in the development of world-destroying nuclear weapons. The emergence of this deadly paradox shows that the key to the teleological dilemma is not contained in the sphere of scientific knowledge but rather in the highest level where consciousness observes its own consciousness - the world of philosophy. The lower teleology of knowledge acquisition by a survival seeking consciousness must be viewed from without by that same consciousness and a deeper teleology must emerge.
The first stirrings of life were embedded in the vast manifold of space-time. They occurred at least once in the outer regions of a galaxy with hundreds of billions of stars, itself one of hundreds of billions of other similar sized galaxies. Yet all these galaxies and stars can be traced back in the causal chain to a singular point where all the known laws of physics break down. This first cause may not be the real first cause but one of an infinitude of first causes each creating its own cosmos. This bubbling sea of space times embedded in the vast ocean of being is the real stage on which to place the emergence of consciousness. There is no necessity for this emergence but we know it has happened - we are here. Therefore it was possible to occur. Our present state of knowledge leads us to propose that the emergence was pure chance with no pre-ordination within the laws of physics. Yet this should not rule out pre-ordination being set within the world of the singularity or infinitude of singularities. There we have not the slightest idea of what reigns and what may be the causative laws if any. So in terms of ontology we can’t rule out a teleology. There may be a very definite reason for the existence of the cosmos and the eventual emergence of consciousness. 
The only sign-posts to the laws that preceded the singularity or Big Bang are the laws as revealed in our current space-time. The laws are time symmetrical and work equally well in the past as in the future. This counters our conscious experience of time which is decidedly asymmetric leading from birth to death. The consciousness that has developed in the universe is steeped in asymmetry in direct conflict with the laws of physics. Conscious time follows the second law of thermodynamics, that of ever increasing entropy or disorder because that is the phase of the space-time we are embedded in. The universe is expanding and the overall entropy is increasing with the increased volume of the phase-space. But the universe could just as well be contracting - the laws of physics would be working in reverse with time negative. We would perceive the passage of time as things coming together, as people aging less and less. For this to be possible there has to be infinite memory created at some point of turnover where the universe just starts to contract. This infinite memory can begin to reconstruct the past from the detritus of the present. This memory has to be embedded in the universe both locally and globally. The emergence of consciousness may be the early signs that the universe is developing a store of memory. Over the future billions of years other islands of consciousness may emerge and they may link up into a greater common consciousness of the universe - a universal memory that will hold trillions and trillions of times more knowledge, enough to be able to reverse time to stop the future that could eventually consume it and consign it to a possible extinction. 
Islands of consciousness are islands of negative entropy that stop the relentless spread of the cosmos to high entropy death. The laws of the universe force the overall level of entropy or disorder to increase but all life pulls in the opposite direction. Without consciousness or memory this struggle would be doomed to fail as each life form meets eventual death. With memory, or the conscious observance of the universe recorded by sentient beings, this death is avoided. Knowledge can survive death of the individual and can be accumulated over time. The acquired knowledge of humanity and that of any other pockets of life in the universe are the hope for the eventual increase in universal consciousness over the billions of years into the future. It represents the only hope of developing enough memory to be able at some point in the infinite future to recreate the past and avoid a future that may destroy it all. 
Consciousness may be the universe’s way of re-inventing itself and setting it on a repeating cycle of expansion and contraction over tens of hundreds of billions of years. If the current growth in knowledge over the last hundred years or so were extrapolated over billions over even trillions of years then the knowledge attained defies our present levels of comprehension. If we even go back one hundred years and said to the most advanced scientist in the world that you could stand anywhere, be it on a mountain top or the middle of a park, and talk to and see your friend instantaneously somewhere in a desert in far away Australia, the venerable scientist would laugh at you and suggest you be locked up as a madman. That progress was made in the space of decades of technology advance. Imagine this extrapolated into the future billions of years hence, if we survive that long.
 

Ten

Humanity and the Cosmos


Science is continually expanding the horizons of our knowledge. The growth in computing power is almost exponential and the brick wall of finite size of processing element may be tunneled through by the development of quantum computing. Our common consciousness is expanding at an incredible rate. Our awareness of this consciousness, our philosophy has lagged far behind. Now is the time to invest the resources of our greatest thinkers in the project of organizing and controlling this burgeoning library of knowledge. If not, rare nuggets of gold may be lost. The chance to engage large swathes of the populace in the project may equally be lost. There may be many very talented gold diggers out there not engaged in the enterprise. The aim is not to reach a goal faster but to ensure that humanity keeps a proper course. Finding that true course is the real aim of philosophy.
The true course of life remains hidden to humanity despite the many revelations of various religions. These revelations have played an important role in the evolution of societies but are now outmoded for a globally connected mobile society. The troubles at the interfaces of the pockets of set dogmas have led to most of the wars of mankind. There is need for dogma to be replaced by universal openness to the newly emerging paradigm of humanity in total as part of an island of consciousness in an otherwise lifeless cosmos. From this paradigm directions will emerge that lead in the direction of the true course. The directions won’t be from personal revelation but from myriad contributions of each part of the greater whole. In this way, if an individual develops a philosophy that is deviant or harmful to humanity in political, economic or social terms, then its impact will be diluted by the fact that it is only a small part or contribution to the whole. For substantial change in paradigm there will have to be very substantial change in the philosophies of the many as opposed to the few. 
The focus of the true course has to be on the continuous change that is the essential feature of the cosmos. Time is change. All matter is subject to change. Change is at the heart of everything in the cosmos. Nothing stays the same. An object at any point in space is ruled by the dynamical laws of change. If subject to no net force then it maintains its course for all eternity. This is the correct course for this object. It is attained when the forces acting on it reach a counterbalancing equilibrium. A rock in the earth’s gravity field will fall at an increasingly faster rate until it hits the ground where the reaction force then counters the gravity and it assumes equilibrium. We say it is at rest but it is in fact in motion in the earth’s inertial field - it is moving at a constant velocity made up of the addition of the earth rotation, the earth orbit, the sun’s orbit around the galaxy, the galaxy’s motion around a great cluster of more massive galaxies and other unknown combined cluster motions. It is not at rest. It is at rest only in its local inertial frame. Everything is moving along with it. It is in effect in harmony with its environment. 
On earth a rock, even after falling, does not stay in the same place but is subject to other forces such as water flow or wind pressure. These forces arise from the effect of the sun’s electromagnetic radiation on the earth. All macro objects in our local inertial frame- the earth, are subject to either the gravitational force or the electromagnetic force. Their state results from a balance of these forces. The normal state of a macro object in the inertial frame is relative rest which is the goal of the gravitational force. The electromagnetic radiation from without the system, from the sun’s rays, upsets this equilibrium and causes change. It is this change that is at the basis of all life on earth. It brings together objects that gravity would other wise have kept separated. The chance coming together of molecules with appropriate properties was the formation of the first memory unit that formed the basis of life. It was when the molecules were close enough that the electromagnetic force could have an even greater role in the sharing of electrons in various chemical bonds arising. 
The two forces that dominate our patch of space-time, the gravitational force and the electromagnetic force, are both trying to make matter come together but in different ways. When matter is far apart it is only gravity that is effective even though it is incredibly weaker than the electromagnetic force. Gravity is more than a trillion, trillion, trillion, trillion times weaker. Yet its impact, however infinitesimal, remains despite its decrease with the square of the separation distance. Left to its own devices over infinite time all matter would contract and form one gigantic ball. But nature has not left it to its own devices. When the ball of matter is large enough another counter force is unleashed, the nuclear force. This stops further contraction of the ball through the heat generated by nuclear fusion at the heart of what is now a sun. A new equilibrium is achieved between gravity and now the powerful nuclear force. The continuous battles release the waves of electromagnetic radiation that bathe the earth in warming glows and provide the local ammunition for negating gravity’s local impact. 
Out of all this a course for consciousness that emerged from the local space-time may be discerned eventually. Consciousness represents the state of creation of memory - a memory of the cosmos looking at its past in a local inertial frame or patch of space-time. Gravity by itself could never have created the circumstances for the evolution of memory except at the very crude scale of matter morphology. The necessary ingredient was the input from without of the sun’s radiation which was, in turn, the result of the temporary, albeit over a very long time, defeat of gravity at the hands of the mighty nuclear force. 
If these are the ingredients of consciousness - a sun created by nuclear forces generating electromagnetic radiation that falls on a gravity created object at a certain distance apart - then it is not only probable but likely that pockets of consciousness or memory will pop up throughout the universe. Humanity is not the only life in the cosmos. This is the new paradigm. This reveals a sense of course for consciousness in our small patch. We are part of the evolution of consciousness in the wider universe. Not more special than others yet very special because we are the universe looking at itself, aware of itself. This is a startling new paradigm that presents a challenge to all of existing philosophy and all religions. The individual is placed on a cosmic footing. His life is a small contribution to the evolution of cosmic memory. This elevates rather than demeans the individual. It places him in space-time where his existence though brief is captured forever because the increasing power of cosmic consciousness at some far, far distant eon, trillions of years from now, will be able to recreate the past as well as foretell the future. All the huge manifold of the space-time bubble that is our own universe will have been explored just as we initially set out to explore our planet and succeeded, and are tentatively setting our sights on the solar system and beyond. These are journeys in space but consciousness will explore in the realm of space-time.
The course of cosmic consciousness is one of increase in the store of knowledge, of memory of past and unfolding of future. It is the goal of all life. Humanity is at the top of the evolutionary tree on earth because it has, alone, developed self-awareness. All the other life forms are either necessary steps on the course of homo sapiens evolution or past or future evolutionary cul de sacs in terms of developing their own self-awareness. The sixty five million years of the dinosaur age was one long fruitless experiment. There were millions of others unrecorded by geological history. It was not a progressive ascent but merely a chance event in the millions of experiments that came to being in the flowering of life on the planet. Humanity is at the top by rare occurrence rather than by design. But there at the top it is and the significance of this can not be ignored. 
The laws of physics act blindly. They follow their own path unwaveringly and all inert matter follows accordingly in a docile manner. Only life can offer opposition to the fateful outcome of the laws. Life has the secret weapon of memory and this combined with inductive ability allows it to exercise a type of free will outside the overbearing power of the laws. Free will can sail within the laws but has the ability to choose a defined course. Lower life forms have a sense of free will based on the extent of their memory structure. All structure is by definition memory. The lowest life form has structure and can to a limited degree exercise free will. The ant chooses his path in accordance with the memory structure of his biology. There is little or no past element to this and his exercise of free will is thus very limited to instinctual response to his immediate environment. He moves around in space rather than in space-time from his own perspective. Humans move in space-time because they carry their past with them and by exercising inductive skills they sculpt their own future. They in effect live in time. Use of inductive skills based on accumulated knowledge or memory allows the individual to mould the forces constraining his being to match his own desires. By accumulating a vast store of knowledge he can extrapolate the past into his future and ensure a better chance of survival. If a baby places a hand on a hot object and feels pain, it has the inductive power to avoid re-placing his hand on the object. 
Such a skill presupposes the ability to control movement. All life forms have this ability to some extent. The energy for this movement comes ultimately from the sun’s electromagnetic radiation. Free will is thus an outcome of memory and movement both of which owe their origin to the sun’s radiation, the electromagnetic waste from the nuclear burning at its core. Free will is as such encoded into consciousness by the very fact of a common origin. Free will is consciousness’s weapon for survival. Free will allows the choice of a less dangerous future which is essential for survival. Individual freedom should thus be at the heart of all philosophies. Without it survival itself is threatened. Yet this freedom must be constrained in some way so as to ensure survival of consciousness as a whole. The exercise of these constraints has to be chosen by consciousness in a deliberate manner with the long term survival in mind. There is no reason to assume that local consciousness may not decide to kill itself by the exercise of its free will. There is no onus on humanity to survive. The cosmos will, and most probably has, thrown up millions and millions of local consciousness forms throughout the universe. Our untimely demise will not affect the overall survival which will persist by virtue of chance due to the vast size of space-time. Yet humanity’s desire for survival is implicit because without it we would not exist - that we are here at all demonstrates the will to survive. That we have survived demonstrates that we have free will over and above the constraining laws of nature. 
Knowing the ground of free will, philosophy has to relate the actions of the individual towards himself, to those of his fellow humans, to other life forms and ultimately to the local patch of space-time we call the earth. 
The actions of a small piece of consciousness towards itself should obviously be such as to promote chances of survival. Some actions automatically are not oriented towards that end. Self harm, in terms of bodily or mental abuse due to drugs, poor diet, lack of mental or physical exercise, is obviously not geared to survival. The ultimate self-harm is suicide. Self harm is minimized by the exercise of self restraint. The ability to control biological desires to eat, keep warm, to rest and sleep are the main determinants of how much an individual self-harms. We all self harm to some extent - the religious concept of sin comes to mind. The idea that we are all born with original sin has grounding in the fact that we are born with no constraints on our need to eat and sleep. These are our consuming desires. We demand their fulfillment without any scruples. As we get older we learn that there must be some control of these desires. The world is not a limitless store ready to satisfy our every need. We learn to reign in our desires. This is part of normalizing our world to that of the world outside. Some never manage to learn adequate control and become psychopathic or social misfits. Some few others make the control a lifelong habit and goal and become recluses or monks. Between these polar points there are many socially accepted norms depending on the society concerned. This is as it must be because to impose any one strict norm leads to survival fragility to changes in the environment. What societies try to engineer is a distribution of personal restraints that always has a peak nearer to the ascetic end of the scale. To achieve this, higher stress and value is accorded to monk-like behaviors. Self control is venerated and seen as something desirable. The sportsman, the adventurer or the artist, are all set on a pedestal by society because, to achieve their high aims, they must learn the strictest form of self restraint. They are the modern monks of the monasteries. 
But self restraint and prevention of self harm is not enough for a person embedded as a unit of a diverse society. Interpersonal relations, unless one is a hermit or a cloistered nun, are equally important for survival. All threat comes either from the physical environment or from our fellow human beings. The latter always present the greater threat. There are those who distrust their fellow man no matter what. As a strategy this ensures that they will never be caught unawares but it leads to a barren life. There are others who have total trust in others. This total trust that is the normal state for the young child is one from which we grow out of as we experience the small knocks of living. This necessary maturation is part of a healthy evolution of the individual. The total spectrum of trust goes from the childish total trust to that barren place of total skepticism. The central peak of the distribution in this case should be closer to the trust end of the spectrum. Society is ultimately based on trust. Philosophy must make the case for trust across the diverse societies of the planet. Each individual society with its own religious dogma has developed local trust but it is at the confluences of societies that the common trusts don’t translate and conflict results. Universal trust must emerge if wars and more importantly nuclear wars are to be ultimately avoided. Universal trust is founded on the broad acceptance of a wide variety of views. The world will never shrink to one single religion or political philosophy. It may, and perhaps must, shrink to a general philosophy that is broad enough to encompass all the creeds, nationalities, societal and political norms of a multi-cultured, globalized, mobile world.
Humanity’s relations with other life forms, once so pivotal for physical survival, have relegated them to that of food provision, leisure aids or mere pests. The hunter and prey relation that has formed so much of our evolution has long ago disappeared. We have lost the connection with our fellow life forms. Their continued existence is always under threat and thousands of species are extinct - never to be seen again on a planet that gave them life and existence. Many are extinct for reasons that are outside the influence of humanity but all the current survivors are subject to the power of homo sapiens. It is the great tragedy of life that one form has the capability to destroy all others. Man has systematically destroyed the habitats of living creatures. The western world is bereft of wildlife. The increasing development of the third world is continuing the process. Soon the only wildlife remaining will be in urban zoos and wildlife parks. Philosophy has been strangely silent on this mass extermination. The relationship of man and animal has not been a major theme on the philosophical agenda. Is this because the issue has no importance for the existence of humanity? The key to the survival of the remaining wildlife is to establish the value they bring to the human existence. Each life form is on a journey of evolution, one that may be summarily terminated at any arbitrary point. Like our own existence they are efforts of the cosmos to become aware of itself. They too have developed an, albeit limited, memory such that unlike a barren rock they can mould the laws of physics to suit their ends. They are the flowerings of the cosmos and they reveal something of its mystery. They are different from us mainly in terms of their memory capability but biologically are very similar. As yet we have no idea of the potential interconnection between the various life forms. Just as we failed to recognize the importance of forests for the stability of the troposphere before it was too late and we had chopped them all down for raw material for our human needs, so too we may destroy the last remaining wildlife only to later realize a value that we had ignorantly missed. The cosmos is speaking to us through the variety of life forms and we are as yet unaware of this. This potential value of wildlife alone should be enough to make us want to save them from extinction.
Mobile life forms such as humanity and animals represent only an infinitesimal fraction of the biological life on the planet. By far the greater mass or volume comes from trees and plants both terrestrial and aquatic. Humanity has already wreaked havoc on this legacy by destroying most of the natural forests on the planet. The increasing advance of agricultural land has wiped out whole ecosystems of diverse plant species. Plants like animals are messages from the cosmos. They are pockets of memory that have evolved and are evolving on a journey that has or will be tragically foreshortened. Unlike the case for animals there is a popular sense of loss associated with this widespread destruction. Many potential drugs and substances thrown up by the chemical lab of evolution have already been lost. The huge positive impact of the large swathes of forest on environmental equilibrium has only too late been discovered. Here too philosophy has sat on the fence. It has not developed an ethics of man’s interaction with his environment. It was there to exploit as a seeming endless resource. It had no intrinsic value other than an economic one. It was left to poets and landscape artists to explore the deeper values of our physical environment.
Maybe the starting point should be an awareness that humanity is living in a small patch of space-time called earth. Because it is a flowering of consciousness of the cosmos, it has a very special position in this local space-time. It has the ability to look at its own existence. This has allowed it over the last hundred years to stretch this view far beyond the solipsistic view to encompass the fellow man, fellow creatures and the living environment. One of the most sublime photographs has to be that of the planet earth taken from space. It allowed man for the first time see the blue rock that is his home. This image, more than any, has reset the paradigm of humanity. It gave us for the first time a sense that we are all in this together. The planet is our only place to live and our relationship with it as the only conscious life form was now the central relationship. This resetting of relationship has yet to seep into the philosophical norms. It can only do so when planet, humanity and all life forms are all considered as one whole, a tiny patch of space-time on the outer arm of a galaxy in a potentially infinite cosmos.
Humanity is the leading edge of consciousness, the cosmos looking at itself. From a tiny corner of the universe a ship has set sail just as the Beagle set sail in years gone by. It sets off to explore new worlds, to increasingly reveal more of itself to itself. Like the Beagle there is a determined crew to chart its course through unknown waters. The scientific community is that crew working with determination to chart the unknown. Yet the voyage of the Beagle would have passed un-remarked by history had not it on board a person called Darwin. Darwin was the person who stood back from the enterprise of geographical charting but instead just observed and drew conclusions. The voyage of consciousness through the universe has philosophy as its Darwin. Philosophy sits back and observes and extracts meaning. The philosopher although he must understand the terrain need not be a navigator but must be a keen observer constantly shaping the questions that the new discoveries reveal and drawing out the meaning of the ever increasingly strange landscape. 
This is a new model for the philosopher. To bring this about the training of the young apprentice has to change to enable him to be of use on the Beagle. He still needs the traditional philosophical baggage but he now needs another special trunk – a heavy trunk that is filled with the necessary apparatus to be able to observe and understand the new landscape. The use of this apparatus is complicated and will require many years training before the philosopher is readily equipped to start his observation. The young apprentice needs grounding in the areas of modern mathematics and physics not at the intensity of the science practitioner but at a level that enables him to understand the world he is about to enter. This is the new world in which a new philosophy will emerge. 
Many conservatives may balk at such a proposition. The turgid tomes of ancient philosophy should be the basis of all new entrants to the cult. If a philosopher does not know of the historical revelations of his predecessors then he is handicapped from the start. Maybe those conservatives should be allowed their views and consign their apostles to reading the history of philosophy. They will become historians rather than philosophers. Philosophers must live in the present and try and influence their own times using the best knowledge available to them. If the efforts to study the history of all the philosophy generated by the great pantheon of the past takes all the energies of a practitioner then there is little room left to take on board the even greater advances in the voluminous knowledge of the modern era. The school of modern philosophy will have classes in history but will be focused on the present. It too will have many classes in mathematics, physics, astrophysics, cosmology, cosmogony, and the great monsters of current knowledge quantum theory and string theory. These tools are necessary to enter the world of modern consciousness. This is where consciousness is pushing at boundaries. New revolutionary ideas are emerging constantly, changing the paradigm at rates that were never seen before. This world is couched in a language of its own. The current languages cannot describe it as it describes a world totally different from our everyday world yet one which is the basis of our normal realities. The philosopher has to learn the rudiments of this language. Having done so, he can explore this emerging new world and observe philosophically rather than scientifically. The scientist asks the mechanical ‘why’. The philosopher must ask the existential ‘why’.
In a way this is going full circle back to ancient times when Pythagoras was all of mathematician, scientist and philosopher. In classical Greece it was possible to be all three because the sum total of all human knowledge was very much within the grasp of the individual. This gave Greek philosophy its power that has never waned over the millennia. The slow development of philosophical thought, post the classical period, was paralleled by the barren period for science throughout the Middle Ages. When philosophy re-birthed after the dark period it was again the alliance with the great scientific thinkers such as Descartes and Leibnitz that it found its rejuvenation. The onset of the modern period, with first the work of Einstein and later the great quantum theorists, was a time marked by a separation of the historical partners. The pace of change and the complexity of the theoretical basis of science left its partner behind. Philosophy had not stood still but had of itself developed many great thinkers but the linkage with the ongoing development of consciousness had been broken. Philosophy began to look inward for its ideas. It began to cannibalize itself not realizing that its role was to eat the knowledge being provided by others. It found its own knowledge more appetizing. It developed a way of thinking and writing that became turgid to all except the initiated and the dedicated. It lost touch with the reality it was chasing. In a way it became solipsistic and fed off its own dialogue. Its relevance to the external world declined. Ask anybody to name a modern philosopher and you will get a blank look and a shrug. Philosophy! Who cares?
To become more relevant philosophers have to engage. This engagement cannot be at the level of current dialogue found in philosophical works where the over-reliance on logic and language lose the audience in resigned boredom. Certainly dialogue must be precise and strictly defined but to allow this constraint to smother the message undoes any gain. The primary goal of philosophers must be to communicate ideas to the populace, to effect an influence over their proceedings and deliberations. This is what made philosophy so relevant in ancient Greece. Socrates was not interested in writing down his thoughts. He spoke to the people. He taught his ideas to students. He influenced his society profoundly with his thoughts. Philosophy needs a modern Socrates. Philosophy needs its own Einstein.


Eleven

Interlude



I had been writing feverishly for days. The effort had taken a lot of my vigor away and I was feeling depleted. The weather had changed from the dull gray persistent rain and an early morning sun shone warmly on my face as I stretched my body towards it. I was standing in front of the cottage facing the mountains. The air was clear as only the Atlantic air can be after long spells of rain. The low light of the rising sun cast yellow hues on the shadowy greens of the mountain peat. All was calm, silent except for the gentle heave of the tide and the sound of a pigeon cooing in the far off trees. I stretched once more and felt a rising elation enter my being. It was great to be alive. I felt so lucky to be here in this beautiful place, basking in the early morning glow of mother sun. The veneration I felt was almost pious in its intensity and words almost like prayer flashed before me. I was giving silent thanks to whoever, that greater being, had contrived to allow me experience this special moment of elation. The elation subsided leaving me feeling calm and peaceful. There were no contortions in my mental state. My desires had dimmed and my fears had receded. I was in that state of equilibrium that is rarely felt in life. If I could have ceased life at that very moment I would readily have opted for it. I would be leaving with no sense of regret or loss. It would be a happy death.
In a way that was what I was really working towards. I was reconciling my life to its eventual demise. I wanted the occasion to be serene and free of pain, physical or emotional. Even though I had barely passed mid-life and was entering an older age I knew that I had to start the preparations now. Maybe that is why I had returned to the island where for a brief time long ago I had lived a life that was near to the life I wanted to live forever. Then for a few weeks I had lived in a tent on the edge of a cliff overlooking the majesty of the ocean. On that retreat from life I had forged the future channels of my efforts in life. I had had all the time in the world to sit back and review my existence and try and place it meaningfully in the overall existence of humanity and of the world. 
Definite answers were not apparent but I had found many questions that needed attention. I had spent the last decades trying to tease out the questions, amassing as much knowledge as possible in subject areas that were often quite foreign to me. To enter the world of modern scientific thinking I had to come to grips with that level of mathematical and physical knowledge that underpinned the revolution of thought. There was no point in trying to look in from a position of ignorance or to accept a second hand explanation. I had to understand the theory myself from the very basics right to the pinnacle of insight. This gargantuan task consumed my years. I struggled with the seeming impossibility of the complexity of thought and its mathematical representations. I tried to enter the minds of the great figures of science to see reality through their privileged eyes. 
At the same time it was imperative not to get drawn too much into the scientific paradigm. The goal was not to become a scientist but to understand the scientific world. My main interest was philosophical. Here too I had to put in massive effort to survey a historical swathe of humanity’s thinking up to the modern era. Again the size of the task was equally daunting. The sometimes turgid volumes of words seemed to be a device only to subvert comprehension and extend patience to its limit. 
But slowly I found I was getting an entry into the cloistered worlds that had been heretofore forbidden to me. My self-imposed and regulated apprenticeship allowed me to dabble at a basic level in both spheres. This was the playground that was to be the creative sand-pit of my thoughts. Here I could muscle up to the great ideas of humanity and joust with them and push and tug at them. I wanted to shake them up and stir them about. I wanted to look at them with new eyes, eyes that are not clouded by the shroud of a single paradigm as powerful as that of the scientist or the philosopher. I wanted in a sense to view them naively as would a child but as a child endowed with the wisdom of complete knowledge.
For quite some time I had felt that I had arrived at a point near that level of naive wisdom that might allow some creative questioning and answering. I needed the space and the time to generate the mental acrobatics necessary. The thought occurred one day that I should return to the island. 
This journey fed into the foundations of the well-being I was now enjoying in the morning air. I had made a successful return and the first glimmerings of creativity had been achieved. I suddenly felt a great surge of energy. There was no time to waste. 
 

Twelve

Big Questions



There are endless questions to be asked. Children continually ask questions because they live in a world full of strange occurrences. A young child has no inductive experience. He hasn’t seen the sun rise often enough to realize that it rises everyday without fail. As the baby’s world extends outward from its cradle to its room, it may see the window as an opening from which light enters or leaves. The sub-conscious recording of the cycle of day and night becomes one of the many accepted facts of the child’s environment. There are so many and he can ask only so many questions. The questions must have explanations and the concept of cause and effect is rapidly embedded in the sub-conscious. Soon the child recognizes that all things are subject to cause and effect and the questions subside. Thereafter the child only asks questions that have a particular interest and the general inquisitiveness recedes into a mild apathy for knowledge of the happenings of the environment. 
Yet a child can always startle an adult with a naive question. It is because the child is still looking at the world with the eyes of the innocently wise. The adult has long accepted the environment and all its wonders as something that is just there. If a child asks why the blue sky doesn’t fall to the ground, the adult will look uneasily upwards and struggle for an answer. The child is wiser than the adult in terms of the questions posed. 
It is this childish wisdom that is necessary to question the relevance of modern science and philosophy. It is the fear of sounding naive that prevents people from asking the correct questions of some of the more radical theories that infest both areas of human thinking. More lateral thinking or being outside the box is required to place our theories in new and challenging contexts. This type of approach may lead to the revelation of the foundational questions of our existence.
In order to answer the question of life, the questions must first be properly posed. What quantum theory teaches us is that the answer and the question form a totality. They cannot be separated and are meaningless by themselves. To ask a question of reality you must set up a specific apparatus that will interfere with that reality and the interference observed is the answer to the question. What this means in effect is that two elements of reality interfere with each other to give a third element which is recorded in consciousness. If it is not recorded by a consciousness is it still a question? Most certainly, as the act of recording by consciousness is merely the positing of another question to the experimental set-up. In this respect questions are just parts of reality that come in contact and interfere with each other. The answer is the outcome of the interference. In the macro world this coming together of pieces of reality is governed by Newtonian mechanics and the dynamical laws. If two billiard balls meet the question is how they rebound. The answer is the vector summation of their momentums. There is only one answer as the dynamical laws are very precise. The world at this level is precisely deterministic. The answers to questions are fixed and eternal. 
Applying the same question to two electrons meeting does not give the same answer. The ways in which they rebound vary and the best we can do is predict the rebound to a probabilistic degree. The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle means that even if we know their momenta very precisely we can only know their position to a limited degree. Momentum and position are complementary properties of the electron - they do not commute. Yet in a way the question is still the same as for the billiard balls. In the case of the balls we know the path of each ball before contact and this allows us to know it after contact to an equal level of precision. In the case of the electron, the original paths are known only to an approximation as is the resulting outcome. 
In each case the question as to the outcome of the contact reduces to the level of knowledge we can have of the original paths of the balls or electrons. The question throws up more basic deeper questions. The question now concerns the path of the ball or the electron. The ontology of the ball is a traditional cause and effect - a cue hit the ball in a certain direction. That of the electron is different because quantum theory gives a dual reality to the entity - a wave and a particle reality. There is no obvious cause and effect to the motion of the electron. Certainly we can ask questions of it - how does it interfere with an imposed electric field and a cloud chamber. The answer we get is specific to the question and tells us little if anything about the nature of the electron itself. We can never know the electron in itself. We can only set up various experimental devices to interfere with it and record the outcomes. This we do with macro items and get reasonable results because the scale of the macro item is such that the interfering experimental apparatus (say a photon) is so small that it doesn’t change the reality of the item being questioned. But in the case of the electron the interference of a photon has very great impact on its position and its momentum. It is rather like firing a cannonball at a billiard ball. It tends to destroy the essence of the billiard ball. 
So we can ask many questions of reality at the microscopic level but they reveal little of the underlying reality at this small scale. At best we can piece together the shattered pieces of the jigsaw and try to assemble a reasonable picture of reality. We can know the electric charge, the mass or a strange concept called spin, of the electron. But maybe the electron has many more properties that we just haven’t got around to measuring because we haven’t formulated the proper questions. We don’t even have an intuitive knowledge of what electron spin is. Some like to think of it as the spherical electron spinning like a top but a strange top that takes two revolutions to return to the same point instead of the conventional single revolution. That such revolution would entail speeds greater than the relativistic light speed limit is conveniently ignored. Scientists take a pragmatic view and just use the concept which arose experimentally and fitted nicely with theory. Philosophically this is a cop out. If the questions we ask of reality throw up concepts like spin then we should do our best to incorporate them into our paradigm of reality. There may be deep messages lurking there.
If questions are two elements of reality coming into contact then the smaller the one element of reality the comparably much smaller the other questioning part needs to be. This means that we can ask less and less about the micro scale reality and in effect more and more about the cosmos. In terms of questioning productivity the cosmos provides the better market place. Yet there is a limit there too, in that the distances involved mean that our questioning is time constrained. We need an eternity to pose some questions to the cosmos. Instead we are led back into theory which has brought us back to the scale of the infinitesimal and the problems of uncertainty. This is because our theory tends to be reductionist - leading to a cause and effect ontology that inevitably leads to the decomposition of reality to an area where we cannot ask proper questions. Could this be a major flaw in our thinking?
We have become enthralled by the theory of the Big Bang and the confluence with the broad spectrum of quantum theory and cosmology. There are strong theoretical reasons for this. There is even some physical reasoning for this in the discovery of the cosmic background microwave radiation that permeates the entire universe. The low temperature of this residual radiation from the Big Bang event was theoretically predicted to be of the order of several degrees above absolute zero. The precise value of the temperature of this radiation and its homogeneity over the entire celestial sphere is a strong feature of our current reality at the cosmic level. It and the configuration of the galaxies across our night sky are the signals from our distant past. Yet to leap from two such perceived facts to the origin of time in a gigantic explosion or big bang is an incredible leap of theory. If a question is two realities coming into contact and revealing their mutual interference, then the Big Bang idea has its origins in the coming into contact of the present observed state of the cosmos and the present state of knowledge represented by quantum theory. While the former is deeply rooted to an observed reality, the latter is tenuously linked to reality by what can at best be described as an incomplete theory. 
While the Big Bang is the best fit theory at present, it would be wrong to consider it in any way a final theory just as it is wrong to consider quantum theory a final theory - which clearly it isn’t as it doesn’t incorporate general relativity and gravity. The questions we ask of reality must not be confined to an existing paradigm. Childlike naivety is required to open up new domains or new perspectives and test and possibly replace existing theory. It is only right that science should be the sphere in which all theories are put to the test but it is not the sole preserve of science to generate theory. The problem becomes that science invests so much effort in creating complexity in theory that it simply reproduces itself as a model of the exterior world. Science creates apparatus that asks the questions it wants answers to, answers it already has designed in theory. Science becomes the engineering of answers to these postulated theoretical questions. An apparatus can always be so engineered to give a required output. This is the danger of science leading humanity up a scientific garden path. It has done so before. In the last century the Newtonian theory was seen as the deterministic basis of all reality - all you needed was to define the initial boundary conditions and the future would emerge. The paradigm lasted several hundred years but now has been cast aside in its totality being but a very specific case of a more general theory. Then that general theory of relativity was joined by a totally separate theory of quantum mechanics describing reality at the micro level. The long sought-after union of these theories is still as elusive as ever yet the Big Bang theory has taken hold even though it is a brute cobbling-together of the theories of the day. 
Because of the cause and effect drilled into our psyche since we were first born, our human disposition is to interpolate between points. We naturally think in terms of a starting point and a finishing point with a continuous path of causality between the two. Crucially the continuous path of causality extends into time both before starting point and after ending point. The continuous paths of causality are the laws of nature, the dynamical laws that control existence at all levels. In all our experience, beginnings are just end points of previous paths. When we look at the cosmos we see no sign of the initial singularity where the laws of nature disappear or suddenly appear out of nothing. Even the postulated black holes are entities that change over the long eons of time eventually decaying by radiation emission. Despite this world of perception that informs us, science has opted for a theory of the cosmos that links our known present to a point of singularity before which there was no causal path. Out of this singularity some fourteen billions years ago the entire cosmos and all its laws emerged as if by complete chance - the only example of a non-causal beginning in the entire space-time. 
While the Big Bang Theory may be correct or near to the actual origins of the universe, until it is absolutely verified if ever it can be, then it is wrong to give up asking the many other questions of the cosmos that a naive child might ask. Because it’s the biggest shot in town shouldn’t mean it’s the only shot in town. There should be room for any number more and we should even be encouraging more. No matter that they be wacky or zany or trite, someday someone will hit on an idea that may fit the evidence more seamlessly. Perhaps we should start by declaring that a beginning point or endpoint is beyond our immediate ken and search for the laws of the continuous path. Perhaps the laws as we see them are true just for our space-time and that they change over eons too big for the latter-day homo sapiens to decipher. After all, all our laws are inductive, based on the combined perception of all our species. Something that is inductive on one scale of space-time may appear chaotic on another - like vortices in a whirling flowing river. 
We need theories and good theories, like the Big Bang Theory that has yielded some physical corroboration. Yet a good theory should not be a blinker to the wider terrain to which it could possibly lead. A good theory may be like a break in a mountain range that reveals a vast plateau of discovery. The difficulty is to reach the open expanse of the plateau and not get caught in the pass blinded by the high walls on either side. It is a long time since another counter theory such as a continuously regenerating universe was postulated. Despite the gaping holes in the Big Bang Theory - the ultimate expansion or contraction of space, the acceleration of expansion rate, the mystery of dark energy and matter, and the enigma of the initial singularity - there has been no attempt to critically challenge its legitimacy. Society itself is happy with the idea of a beginning of space-time as it concurs with most major religions which have a creation metaphysic. This perhaps, more than most issues, has led to a somewhat premature acceptance of the theory. Indeed its origins as a theory may have emanated from such religious imprints in the minds of scientists. It may be a classic example of engineering a desired outcome to the great question of reality.
 

Thirteen

Real Life Intervenes



Exhausted and mentally fatigued, I let my head slump onto the table. I had traveled to the brink and was overwhelmed by the intensity of thought necessary to survive. I had to escape. My eyes closed and my mind sought peace.
I found myself in a graveyard, standing silently before the grave of my father. I stared at the ground, at the weeds that had invaded the small plot and at the gray, old stone that was the only mark of his existence. His name had not been put on the stone and only a few survivors knew that this was his final resting place. I felt sad that a whole life had come to this, yet I knew that the life he had had was not the worst. He had hardships but nothing as bad as it could have been.
I had once visited the old town of Rhodes in the Dodecanese islands of the Aegean. On the walls of the mediaeval fortress I had met an eccentric Englishman who was spending his retirement in the sun charting the history of the battlements. He excitedly pointed out the great moat that protected the walls. He wanted me to imagine the plight of the poor Ottoman soldiers who vainly over the course of a year-long siege tried to attack the impenetrable defenses of the city. He painted a picture of a horrific reality for the hapless attacker who was subject to the threat of a rain of arrows, catapulted stones, cannon fire and the showers of Greek fire. The moat became a space of the universe where there was the terrible stench of death. The cries of pain and despair drenched the bloody air through the long days of battle and all through the moonlit night. Men howled in pain and desperation as they slowly died of their wounds. They had time left only to fill their lungs with the stench of decay and rotting bodies. The slight hope of escape was snuffed out by the sweeping disease borne by the swarms of flies hovering over the rotting corpses. I despaired at the thought that a life should end so futilely and in such terror. 
As I thought of my father’s life and of my own, I realized that for all our sorrows we had lived in privileged times. A wave of love for him engulfed me and I wanted to see him again. I wanted to hold his hand and tell him of my life. I bent down and started to pull up weeds, one by one and place them in a pile in the center of the plot. They lay there like a mound of dead bodies in the moat. 
A hand touched my shoulder. I looked around and saw a face that I should have recognized. She was much older now and the lines marking her eyes gave her dignity. She smiled calmly and her hand extended. I took it and recalled the decades of years that had passed since last I had touched this soft flesh. She withdrew her hand immediately as if the contact was too shocking. I left my hand, still reverberating from the touch, in mid-air then stretched it out and touched her shoulder and then her hair. She recoiled but not in fear. 
‘Sorry!’ I said.
‘Don’t be!’ she replied.
 She lent forward her face and I gently kissed her on each cheek as if we were a French couple just meeting on a Parisian boulevard. She still had that stately elegance that I admired. Her hair was still long but was coiled up in a bun that gave her head a sculpted look. 
‘How are you?’ she asked simply, not expecting an answer. 
I could have told her my life story. I wanted to retrace the past back to the days when we were young and carefree. Our bodies knew only the faint scent of longing and desire. We had only a mysterious wonderful future to look forward to. Such very special days were to be etched on our souls; times that were destined never to be repeated. We both knew that such bliss was lost in the past but the first touch and the passing kiss on her cheeks transported me there for the briefest of instants. She too had been taken back as she blushed with the intimacy of the experience.
‘You’ve changed from the boy I knew long ago.’ 
This was not a reproof rather a statement of fact. I could not lead her from the present moment all the way back to the speckled times of our youth. She had not voyaged with me on my troubled seas nor I on hers. Too much had transpired to even try to go there. We took up where we had left off. 
‘Do you still have those romantic views of life?’ she asked. 
I inwardly grieved for the life I had led. The expectations of a wildly positive youth had given way to the trials of a life not fulfilled. The toils of a life, spent surviving, was not a story I wanted to recount. I simply shook my head.
‘And you,’ I countered, ‘have you reached all those great goals that you always insisted were achievable. You chided me for my lack of ambition. Maybe that’s why I lost you. I was not adventurous.’
‘We were young. It was only a first love. We had to move on. And the answer to your question is no. I didn’t get to my goals.’
‘I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot. I’m sure you have achieved much more than me. I am still searching. That’s why I am here at my father’s grave. I don’t know what I want to find here but I feel that the past has some answers. Meeting you here convinces me of that.’
‘It is a curious coincidence.’ 
Her eyes caught mine and searched them for something. I looked away fearing she could see the barren world within. 
‘I don’t normally hang out in graveyards, you know.’ 
She smiled at her own humor and I felt a smile break across my face. It was like a wave washing back the despair. 
‘You do a spot of gardening,’ she said, pointing to the small pile of weeds. 
‘Yes, but it’s more passive gardening than the active sort. I can pull weeds but I don’t seem capable of planting things that grow. That is the kind of gardening that I’d like to do. I’d love to sow seeds here that would bloom into a grand display of flowers. I’d like his resting place to be a small patch of Eden.’
‘To get things to grow,’ she reprimanded me, ‘you have to tend them. Love and desire are not enough. The best gardeners are those who work hard on their plots. Toil and sweat are what create a nice garden, not romantic yearnings.’
‘You continue to reprove me of my romantic yearnings.’ 
‘Life has not taught you that they are not enough, yet?’ she said in surprise. ‘You are still the naive youth you were. Head lost in the clouds and crazy expectations of what life has to offer. You must have had  a lot of knocks along the way with that attitude. I learnt to cut my cloth from an early stage. It leads to a simpler if less exciting life. I found excitement was always accompanied by pain. Better the simple life. I settled for less. I became a pragmatist.’
I was disappointed at her admission. She had such potential and she sold it for the quiet life. How could she sell so cheaply?
‘I too was pragmatic for a while but I found I was dying on my feet,’ I said truthfully. ‘I had settled for a job and a family. I was to coast into middle age and have children and grandchildren. Become gray and die. But luckily I escaped. I left and started to search anew. The desires I had as a youth were not misplaced. There has to be more to a life than domesticity. I have set my course. It is a lonely course but at least it has a taint of some nobility about it.’
‘You were always seeking to be different,’ she said. ‘Different from others. You in ways despised the norm, despised others. That haughtiness was not attractive in you. At least not to me. I liked the romantic airs as they were harmless, even charming. But the dislike of others I couldn’t take.’
‘I tried always to set myself apart.’ I admitted. ‘I wanted to be more than the common man. I had set my sights on being a special existence. The routine of normal life bored me - even made me nauseous. I can remember retching once after being forced to endure some simple company for an excessive period. How awful is that?’
‘Indeed I can recall,’ she said with a small nod of her head. ‘It used to frighten me how easily you took a dislike to simple things and simple people. You were never destined to fit in. Most people felt you were pompous but I was one of the few who understood that it was more than simple pomposity but a driving force that led you to avoid the banal as if it were a contagious disease.’
‘I had to escape for my own good,’ I said. ‘The world was closing in on me. I found that I could hardly breathe. No-one understood me - perhaps not even you.’
‘And you never returned.’ she said simply.
‘No, only when I had to. For my father’s funeral. And then my mother’s. To return was a further death. Each visit sucked the remaining life blood from me. I yearned for the past yet it was leaving me further and further behind. The past was dying and I felt that I too was dying.’
Our conversation continued in an aimless way for some time until she said she had to go. We parted awkwardly not going through that dangerous cheek-kissing routine. Alone again, I wept silently from deep within as my hands tugged at the remaining weeds on the anonymous grave.
 

Fourteen

Humanity’s Place in Reality



Days passed in complete solitude. The remote parts of the island were my sanctuaries. I had places where I could sit and stare out at the gray sea and sky, content that no other conscious being was sharing my precious piece of space-time. This was surely my solipsistic universe. The volume of space was no more than a few miles in dimension but the time dimension stretched back over half a century. This time dimension was sited solely in my mind - more particularly in my store of memory. It was not an ordered dimension in that events were not stored linearly. Rather there was a chaos to the storage whose order was deeply hidden. Thoughts could pop into existence without cause or antecedent. It was like a dream world where the memory banks were sampled arbitrarily and the results had no meaning. To generate meaning meant to formulate a plan and to use this plan as a way of organized sampling of memory. This was too much like studying for an exam which is in effect an exercise of labeling order onto memory and being able to tap into this discrete ordered area of the mind to pull out structured data. This requires much training and long hours of study. Even then the mechanism is only good for the short present. The structure is not indelibly written in the mind structure but disappears quickly after exams or when the need dissipates. 
Even concert pianists must practice incessantly to keep up their artistry otherwise the chaotic order will once again take over. The mind is not designed for order. It operates on the principle of chaos. It is this chaos that gives it its creativity, allowing it to sample the recorded world of experience in an evolutionary manner. Arbitrary thoughts can impregnate others and the result may or may not be fruitful. If thought only operated like an algorithm that knew precisely where to get its required inputs then there could be no new creation. Life would be mechanical and purely deterministic. Because life is not like that the brain has evolved to reflect the lack of order in the nature surrounding it. The brain has evolved from nature and its working reflects the underlying laws of the natural world. 
Too often the brain is compared to a computer. This way of seeing the human mind has hampered the understanding of consciousness. The computer is an output of the human brain. It certainly reflects how the brain operates at some level. To go further and say that the mind is a super biochemical quantum computer is to miss the blatantly obvious. Computers have been designed to compute - not to think. Human minds have evolved to think not to compute. That is why computers are immensely better, faster and more reliable at doing computations. On that score they win hands down. Yet not even the fastest, biggest, most technologically advanced computer can produce anything remotely like a simple thought. There is no fear of computers becoming human. 
The brain has evolved to handle the inputs from the senses and to use them to enhance the survivability of the life form in the environment in which it finds itself. We share this aspect of brain with our animal cousins but where we are totally different from them is where we have used our brain to see things beyond our sense range. Our eyes see light and this allows us to discriminate the color spectrum from red to blue. Yet the vast range of the now known electromagnetic spectrum - from  infra-red, microwaves or radio waves, to ultraviolet, x-rays or gamma rays - is not accessible to our eyes. They have been revealed to us by our minds. Minds such as Maxwell who used the mathematics developed over centuries to conceive of equations whose solutions foretold of the existence of these new radiations. The mind saw with the tool of mathematical formalism and revealed a part of our world that cannot be seen by the naked eye. Very soon these creative discoveries were made physical by their manifestation in experiments. In a similar manner, P M Dirac, one of the great founders of quantum theory, used mathematical formalisms to predict a new type of matter - the positron. Once again it was found to exist by experiment. These are the ultimate achievements of the far-seeing human brain. They followed in a long stream of explorers of the world of science and mathematics whose experimental and theoretical exploits far outweigh the explorations of the great geographers who mapped out the contours of the planet on which we live. 
In order to expand on the human view of reality of the universe, the brain developed new stratagems to escape the confines of human bodily perceptive ability. The development of the telescope and the microscope allowed the boundaries of the big and the small to be pushed back well beyond the feeble eye. When the limits of technology are reached the brain developed models using the language of mathematics to predict what reality should look like to an all-seeing demon. These models became more and more complex and the computations required took an excessive time to compute. The brain responded by developing the computer to carry out these tedious exercises more efficiently and with less human cost. 
The most up to date and successful model of reality that accounts for nearly all of the visible matter in the universe - the Standard Model of Particles - is a complex model requiring huge amounts of computation to derive its solutions. Its outputs provide us with the mass of the proton and the neutron and predict a host of other hadrons as part of the mathematical formalism. With the aid of modern supercomputing running continuously for literally months, the fit of the model has been proven to correlate with the known reality. This has led to the discovery of scores of new particles that, without the power of the model and its subsequent testing by the computer power, would be forever off-limits to human perception. They are the extended senses of the human body that will allow exploration of new uncharted realms of reality.
The computer is a tool of the brain just as the telescope and the microscope are tools for the eye. Yet to say that some day they may become comparable is to deny our solipsistic knowledge of how our own brain works. The computer is basically a simple tool. Its building blocks are binary bits - on or off, open or closed. There is no room for the in-between, the continuous which is the norm of our everyday experience. One could argue that quantum theory tells us that the world at its basic is made up of quantum bits of Planck magnitude but to treat the world at that level would require models of such complexity that computers as large as the known universe itself would not suffice. In reality, models like the Standard Model look only at a small discrete number of particles and even in this infinitely truncated reality the computation required stretches our modern capability. To extend it to the bio world could not be achieved with current technology in the lifetime of the universe. Only the future development of quantum computing may change this outlook but even then the principle of irreducible complexity - whereby the complexity is such that it can only be recreated by going through each step individually with no short-circuiting laws to reduce the computations - will be a barrier to modeling real life. 
Is human striving to model reality thus doomed to failure? The answer has to be no. There are and have been pockets of reality whereby simple laws have been utilized to predict results of evolution. The laws of gravity as devised by Newton are such. They operate well for a specific domain and the fact that they are not general or universal does not affect their efficacy in local space travel and astronomy. The pragmatic approach to science is very necessary for progress. It is only by using models and delineating their effective boundaries that new and better models are developed. That is how science progresses and how technology arises as a side-effect. 
In using models mankind is reacting to the environment in which he finds himself at this particular point in space-time. They are a form of evolution at least as powerful as the eye or the nose. The sense of smell that was once very necessary for survival now has a very subsidiary place in our existence. The eye became the dominant sense and its dominance led to the evolution of the brain. Modern language is based on visual sense. Words denote objects of reality by visual recognition. If someone says the word tree I immediately picture a tree even though there may be none in my immediate presence. A new language not based on the visual has been developed and it is the language of mathematics. It is a more complex language where the individual words are variables and the meaning is in the values given to the variables within the confines of the formulas or equations. This new language allows us to see parts of reality that we can’t visualize. Like all languages it has to be learned by tedious rote and example. If a baby has been denied social contact for its formative years it becomes socially retarded in later life with poor verbal skills. Most of us are currently mathematically retarded and are unable to see the new emerging layers of reality. Maybe teaching basic maths is too late by the time a child enters the educational system. His innate language acquiring skills from birth are wasted. To create the evolution of the new brain that will be capable of exploring the outer bounds of reality and the universe we live in, generation after generation must become conversant in the language that allows us to see the un-seeable.
All the great religions realized this from a very early stage. It is religious education that makes faith such a powerful paradigm - so powerful that it hypnotizes the believer to carry out tasks that few ordinary mortals would undertake - such as, tragically, suicide bombings. Setting aside such extreme negative effects, the continuous exposure of children to the language of religion gives them the ability to see the spiritual side of life that cannot be expressed in mere spoken tongue. This spiritual access is similar to that experienced by the person steeped in science who glimpses the hidden nature of reality. Unfortunately religious revelation is a primitive phenomenon that has a nature to exclude change of the basic tenets of its theory - the original book or act of revelation. It is curious that all religions that are practiced by the majority of the world’s populations have their origin in old tribal texts that objectively are more notable for their errors and myth than for any specific truths. Yet children are trained to overlook these defects by rote of early learning. Religion is an acquired other language that the child uses for looking at the immaterial side of life. 
Science and more particularly mathematical thought can displace the role of religious education in the development of the person. The general thrust of religion to look beyond the material is aligned with the stages to which science and the philosophy of science have reached. Scientific theories of reality deal with Platonic ideals of mathematical structures that cannot be translated directly into the real world as we currently sense it. Our minds must evolve so that we see mathematically and then the vastness of the immaterial world will reveal itself to us. No longer will we have to rely on the tribal stories, those old mythical allegories, for a basic representation of our place in the world. To understand our place in the world we first have to know what it is that the world consists of. The ancients saw their world as a very local space determined by the speed at which they could move on foot and the constraints of expanding into unsafe territory. Overhead was a mysterious shroud that changed color and hue and alternated between light and dark. A magnificent fire patrolled the periods of light and a changing orb the fearful darkness. The Greeks put more order on this world. Aristotle saw layers of order going from the earthbound to the skies and then the immutable heavens. It took more than a thousand years for the understanding of our place to take on the seeds of modernity. Copernicus and Galileo opened up the skies. Newton showed that the sun was the focus of all the planetary movement and described precise laws for that movement. The development of the telescope let mankind in on the secret of the heavens. The universe was revealed in all its magnificence and glory. Mankind saw that it occupied a totally insignificant place in the greater picture of reality. 
In modern times the revelation of aspects of the universe has gone into overdrive. First there was the theory proposed by the young Einstein that the universe was not a spatially flat Euclidian space but was curved by the presence of matter in the form of stars and galaxies. Then Hubble discovered that the universe was not stationary but was expanding. The development of quantum theory in the early part of the twentieth century was shedding new light on reality at its smallest dimension. Both realms were linked by the theory of the Big Bang. If the universe is expanding then a replay of time in the reverse direction would see the matter coming together in a big crunch. The temperatures of such a big crunch leads to matter breaking down to its primal components - protons, neutrons and electrons and then ultimately to quarks, anti-quarks and gluons and then who knows the ultimate particle or wavelet. 
Mankind now saw his place in a reality that extended from fiery birth some thirteen billions of years ago to the present era when the size of the known universe is dictated by the distance traveled at the speed of light in that time. He looked at the firmament and wondered at the stars and the Milky Way and the billions of distant galaxies. Yet his vision provided by eyes that evolved for a very localized environment failed him once again. The matter he sees twinkling overhead in the crisp night air is only five per cent of all the substance of the universe. Gravitational analysis of the stars and galaxies has revealed that about twenty per cent of the universe is made up of dark matter that is distributed in clumps in and around galaxies. The balance, some seventy per cent of all that there is, is uniformly distributed throughout the whole universe as dark energy. We know nothing about this dark matter or energy. It’s only trace is the gravitational effect and perhaps the reason behind the expansion of the universe. 
Man lives in a shadowy world where what he sees is only a tiny fraction of what is around him. He is at a similar stage to ancient hunter-gatherer man in that his view of the world is highly blinkered. The universe may not even begin at a Big Bang. This universe may be part of a universe of universes. Ancients thought that the earth was all there was and that the firmament was a decorous roof to their abode. Then the world view expanded and the earth was just one of many planets around a sun of many suns in a galaxy of many galaxies in a universe of many universes?
Does it actually matter to humanity if it has a blinkered view of its place in the cosmos? This is tantamount to asking if it matters if a man remains ignorant. That knowledge has a value is at the kernel of all human activity. The person with knowledge is ahead in the game of survival and in all societies is revered for his intellectual abilities. The essence of humanity is its desire to attain more knowledge. 
Placing mankind in the greater vista of an expanding universe, perhaps in a sea of expanding universes, has great existential implications. The ‘purpose’ of life, always a mysterious question, now takes on greater impenetrability. In a closed society where knowledge is constrained by ignorance and confinement, the purpose of life took on simple clothing. Life was created by God for his own godly purposes and mere man should not question his intent. Obedience to the will of a mysterious God was the fulcrum of all religious observance. Questions based on emerging rationality had to remain underground. As the laws of science stubbornly emerged from their imprisonment of the middle ages, the new paradigm was of God, the celestial designer, who set these laws in motion towards his mysterious ends. The Enlightenment helped humanity break free from this stranglehold and the enlightened countries of western Europe led a new phase of economic and general prosperity that has spread over increasing swathes of the world. 
It is only in recent times that the God-centered answer to the purpose of life has become questioned by society at large. The increased levels of education and the permeation of knowledge through modern computer technology have empowered the individual to address this important question. No consensus has emerged but the debates remain healthy in that questioning is both tolerated and promoted in a world where the power of ancient beliefs and myths has been diluted by the rationality of critical thinking and scientific enquiry.
Where science, and perhaps philosophy, has failed is in not encouraging and placing center-stage these difficult questions. Science for much of the twentieth century took refuge in Positivism and Instrumentalism where the pragmatic approach of just accepting and using the mathematical formalisms to provide answers and solutions to limited questions and problems was the norm for most practitioners. Philosophy took refuge in language and avoided the questions that it could not answer. Contemporary analytic philosophy has become a form of metaphysics divorced from the emerging scientific rationale of the quantum and the cosmos. It is based on the mere intuition of a set of philosophers accepted by a nepotistic academia.
The question of the purpose and meaning of life is at the core of human activities. Each individual must of necessity address the question and come up with satisfactory answers that at least will allow him to get out of bed in the morning. When he wakes up, his first thoughts are focused on plans for the day. Life is structured such that most days the necessity to go to work, to earn money, to feed and support a lifestyle is the main purpose. These ‘local’ purposes can be so demanding that there is no room for deeper questioning. Life is the pursuit of pleasure for most. The larger questions may sometimes be most conveniently answered quite categorically by religious belief and the person can function adequately from day to day without being troubled by deeper questions of purpose. 
These ‘local’ purposes are provided by the environment and lead to physical and mental reward or pain. It is the interaction with society that provides the bulk of purposeful drive. The individual is involved in a lifelong struggle with his solipsistic environment whose stimuli drive him back and forth along life’s short path. Coping with the seeming chaos and mayhem of this personal world leaves no room for the bigger picture. The individual leads a reactive life by necessity of the lack of control he has over his environment. He is like a cork bobbling on a sea of waves, seeking always to stay afloat but never having time to see distant shores or passing ships. In times past, the way to overcome this tumultuous environment was to retreat from life. Hermits and monks in secluded monasteries were able to absent themselves from the frenzies of everyday life to contemplate the distant shores. Through the lens of then current knowledge, they divined an ascetic, metaphysical, religious shore shining gloriously in the reflection of a resplendent God. Where are the modern monks who, armed with the vastly changed view of our place in the cosmos, scan the distance for sight of shore? 
Life started on this rocky planet over four billion years ago not long after its very formation. Darwin’s theory of evolution has helped us understand how life has changed and evolved from its bacterial beginnings to the fecund planet we enjoy today. That theory instructs us that all life tries to survive from generation to generation. Most life forms failed and disappeared from the planet. This tells us that we, as a life form, are not protected from extinction. We must strive, like all other life forms, to cling to life. It is the species that strives, with each individual unit readily expendable without significant threat to the overall. The individual reflects the desire of the species to survive. He has been selected by the species over long periods of time as the best fit to survive in the environment of the time. Each individual’s effort is rolled up into the sum of the species’ survival effort - a contribution though statistically insignificant still a part of the overall. The behavior of the individual however marginal can in summation have large impact on the survival of the species. Also modern chaos theory suggests that infinitesimal actions can have major outcomes. This theory places increasing burden on the actions of the individual in relation to the human race as a whole. 
The realization of this individual power gives increased self-worth to all human life because it is only human life that has developed the capacity to look at itself and to act freely. All other life follows strict laws of physical and biological science. Animals for all their mobility are bio-automatons and do not freely decide to act. Humanity alone has that capacity. The action of one person -when taken in the context of chaos theory and seeing the cosmos as one in a chaotic sea of worlds - can impact potentially catastrophically on the broader realities of the planet, the galaxy and the universe in a sea of universes. In fact modern quantum theory of measurement suggests this, as evidenced by Everett's theory of many worlds. Such a view places an undue burden on the individual and probably represents an extreme end of the hypothetical spectrum. 
If even the impact were restricted to the local domain of the chaotic life journey on our planet Earth, it still places a strong onus on the individual to consider seriously his every action in terms of its resonance with the vibrations of life and the planet. If the system is truly chaotic then it is irrelevant what action may be taken because the essence of chaos is lack of predictability. Yet our intuition tells us that our actions should derive from the example that nature has already given us. We need to study nature to understand how it behaves and follow courses that enhance or preserve its existing systems. This is why an increased focus on science from an early age helps place the individual in a truer context with the world. The person who understands how delicately the biosphere is poised will be less likely to pollute or abuse it. The child who has respect for the environment will never throw litter on the pavement. 
 

Fifteen

Ethics from Science



How nature instructs us in conditioning our own behaviors is not easily ascertained. To learn from nature one must firstly understand nature’s laws and ways. The universality of the laws of science reveals that what applies on earth applies in the heavens. This universality or equality introduces the concept of justice or right. The same laws will be enacted on each and every one. Most modern democracies are working towards that social ideal but where there is most strife in the world is where such equality is most often flouted. The greatest strength of this example of universality is that the only laws that can be enacted are those that can be equally applied to all. Another outcome of universality is that our actions must be holistic rather than locally convenient. 
That the individual must correlate his actions with those of nature so as to help maintain the existence of life provides a purpose to his life, a step above his own individual survival. Yet what might be called the real purpose of all life remains obscure. I have already examined how life is like the universe getting to know itself - developing memory. That provides scant existential impulse to the individual in his lonely journey through life. Not alone does he not understand why the universe might want to get to know itself but the connection of that exalted fact to his solipsistic world is very hazy. 
The fact remains that we are stardust. Atoms that were synthesized in star formation and death billions of years ago. The laws that determined the form of these atoms are the same laws that govern our cosmos today. The laws of science are invariant in time. Because the earth was formed from such stellar residue, the basic imprint of the laws of the cosmos is written into the being of the earth. As biological life emerged from this planet with the energy supplied by the sun, it too must carry these ‘genes’ of the greater cosmos and its unchanging laws. In the Newtonian view of things, these laws were physically deterministic and implied strict cause and effect. This Newtonian world view meant that questions of purpose were totally rational and built into our human psyche. The advent of the quantum theoretical world changed this outlook radically. The world when not observed or left to its own devices is strictly deterministic according to the Schrodinger equation of wave function evolution. This is determinism in a Newtonian sense but the whole range of options for reality progress in tandem in a determinate fashion. It is as if all possible worlds progress according to set deterministic laws. Yet when life enters the drama, the collection of worlds suddenly contracts to a single one in the act of observation or measurement. That selected world is now fixed and its wave function progresses into the time future in a solidly deterministic fashion. 
This analysis is unsatisfactory. It is a re-statement of the Anthropic principle - in that we find ourselves in a world that has led to our being, with all its various laws that encode our being, purely because we are looking at that world from within. We are part of the world and cannot escape it to really understand our place in it. In this sense questions of purpose become pointless. We can never see our ultimate purpose as only an external viewer with an appropriate ex-cosmic view can work out any potential purpose or meaning to our world. We are limited by the constraints of our four dimensional world. The answer to any possible purpose to our being must reside in the extra dimensions in which our cosmos is floating. With our limited physical senses this extra-dimensional world is forever lost to us. Yet there is hope and this perhaps is the real purpose of our existence - we can develop our thinking through the language of mathematics and science to ‘see’ beyond our world. Already modern theories of reality, such as string theory or the mysterious ‘M’ theory, are exploring the multi-dimensional world with its ten or perhaps twenty six dimensions that could be the birthplace of our own ‘tiny’ cosmos. This is, in a way, a continuation of the religious and mystic efforts of our forebears who through revelation felt glimpses of that other world beyond the materiality of our own. Their journey was internal and their example led to the foundations of religions whose teachings focused on the intuitive understanding of the extra-cosmic. The modern voyage of discovery takes a more difficult path. It is following rationality which, in its extreme, is leading to a potential irrational world. Yet the only tool to explore this world has to be the rationality built up by science over the centuries. It defines the point of embarkation and sets out a map that shows locations that can be revisited with verity every time. It has mapped our local reality with exemplary precision. Yet the bounds of this map become hazy. The laws of navigation begin to fail in these extremes. Ships that could navigate the nearer waters sink without trace. Mariners and explorers get lost in the theoretical storms that typify these distant oceans. Bravely new explorers, armed with the latest theoretical armory set off from the known world to battle the demons of the unknown. 
Our purpose is to forever seek out our purpose. We seek, from the enclosure of our world, for a key that lies external to our world. The destiny of humanity is to explore its environment. It wants to place itself in the bigger picture where the existential being will have meaning that it can comprehend and make good sense of. It wants its existence to be exalted above the being of matter, plants or other bio-life. It is because it can place itself in its environment and be aware, that it seeks a reason for life. It is because it can perceive the concept of cause and effect that it must apply it to existence. So the explorer charted the shores of the land over the whole globe, driven by this impulse to set boundaries to his world. The more he sought the more the boundaries shifted. First the earth was no longer flat, then no longer the center of the world, then no longer a special place in the firmament and now potentially no longer a special world within an infinity of worlds.
The shifting of the boundaries to ever greater extents tells us that whatever the purpose of our being is, it has to be very special. We are the only known thinking life in all this expanse of space-time and the potential dimensions beyond. The Anthropic principle does not provide the answer to our dilemma - saying that we just happen to be here because we find ourselves here. It is more likely that the laws we have divined in our own universe are special cases of laws that exist in the multi-dimensionality of a multiverse. We can, using our developed scientific eyes, see into this world to decipher the laws of the ‘multicosm’. It is this potential ability that makes the human species very special. We know that the conditions necessary for life are likely to be extremely rare in our galaxy and perhaps in the whole universe. At the very least we are a very rare tribe in the life of the overall universe. Our goal is to search out our world to the very limits. Only then will the question of our ultimate purpose become meaningful. 
 

Sixteen

Another Interlude



The days and nights passed without notice. I scribbled away furiously, losing myself to my thoughts. My personal life had disappeared. Food  went unnoticed. I took no delight in my surroundings. Life was draining from me. I needed to get out.
I looked in the small mirror over the bathroom sink. The stubble face was not like my own. It was tired and bedraggled. The eyes had no twinkle. I shaved away the stubble to reveal the white skin underneath. I shuddered to think I had let my person go to such an extent. I took my first shower in days. The water, flowing in small rivulets from the old rusted showerhead, was like a baptism. It washed away the pain of the last few days. The mental effort had left me defeated.
It was only when I went out into the dying light that the idea of time and the need to know it returned. It was nearly twilight. The sky over the sea was between red and violet. The sea was peacefully calm. I inhaled the damp air. It was great to be alive again.
I made my way to the village and bought as much food as I could carry. I avoided contact with the eyes that stared in curiosity. They knew I was on the island but had no idea of what I was actually doing there. I didn’t want to have to explain as I wasn’t sure myself. I still needed seclusion and space to conduct my thinking. The shopkeeper’s eyes had a knowing look as she handed over the bottle of whiskey. I felt guilty tucking it out of sight into the plastic bag. I mumbled a brief thanks and left quickly.
It was almost dark when I returned to the cottage. The last light glimmered faintly over the sea. I took out a chair and sat with a glass of whiskey staring at the vista. Calmness descended. I was alone again for as long as I wanted. The air was warmly still and gray shadows dressed the landscape. The moon appeared over the hillside and shone brightly on the still water. There was no sound but the distant ripple of waves on shingle. I took a sip of the whiskey and let it mingle in my mouth before swallowing it satisfyingly. 
I was happy for a moment. This moment had allowed all my worries and concerns to disappear. I was transfixed in the here and now and it was relaxing. I felt my body soften as I sat back languorously in the chair. If I had a divan I would have lain out and fallen asleep. I was drifting in the aura of peace, mildly sedated by the alcohol. I had neither plan nor desires. My mind while not on strike was taking a break. It refused to deliberate on my being. It accepted that I was simply part of this coherent scene with no confusions or distortions to violate the peace. I closed my eyes and let the world disappear.

I was conscious again. The pain in my head was intense. It was a pressure trying to break forth through my eyes. I opened them and the daylight through the cottage window was dazzling and frightful. The throbbing became more intense and I felt a wave of nausea well up inside. My stomach muscles seemed to clinch internally and I struggled to breathe. I was lying fully clothed on the still-made bed. The air in the room had that tepid odor of sweat and exhaled alcoholic breath. I struggled to open the window. The fresh air helped but the throbbing was persistent. I made my way to the bathroom. The Paracetamol would take time to have effect. I gulped down as much water as I could force myself to. 
On the kitchen table was the half-empty bottle of whiskey. At least I hadn’t finished the whole bottle. I put it away scornfully. I opened all the doors and windows and let the air flow through the space. After a cold shower I began to feel a bit better or perhaps it was the pills kicking in. I was feeling well enough to put on a big fry-up for breakfast. The stodgy food seemed to do the trick because as I wandered about the garden after breakfast my mood lightened and the pains eased. 
I was angry with myself for allowing such excessive indulgence but even more so for having to endure the consequences. Life continually taught me that lesson and yet I continued to repeat my mistakes. The value of the present pleasure far outweighs the future pain. We try to ignore pain but at our peril. It is the messenger of danger. The body only knows what is harmful by the reaction of nerves that create the conscious feeling of pain. The brain is wired for both pleasure and pain. They are the feedback mechanisms that keep the organism safe in its habitat or environment. 
 

Seventeen

Pain in the Cosmos



Pleasure and pain are the central feelings of human life. They have evolved from the survival instincts of our species. Pleasure is felt when the organism’s systems are at equilibrium one with another. No one system is to excess and thus putting pressure on others. It is the normative mode of the many systems that make up the organism. What humans sometimes call pleasure is mistaken for a kind of extreme pleasure closer to ecstasy where the individual system or process is over-fulfilled leading to excessive feedback to the brain which delivers the good feeling or sensation. This ecstasy can only persist for a short time else it impacts on other systems whose eventual reports to the brain cause the sensations of pain. In extreme cases the local pleasure centers can cancel the pain feedback. A person experiencing orgasm momentarily negates the pain of headache but for it to return even more painfully after the event subsides. 
Pain tells the brain that the body systems are not all in equilibrium. It alerts the reactive systems to start their work to bring the system back to its normal state. Pain is part of life and indeed essential to it. Disregard pain at your peril. The message should be heeded. 
Theologians struggled trying to explain how a good God could introduce such pain into the world. They saw pain, like evil, to be a disembodied essence. Evil was pain inflicted by the machinations of free will. It was intentional infliction of pain without the concomitant feedback utility. It was senseless pain. Nature accepts pain as part of its reality. The tiger hunts the young fawn and tears its body apart. The fawn dies a horrible death. It feels the pain as the tiger’s teeth sink into its flesh and pulls apart its skin. For many minutes it lives a terrifying death. Where is the feedback for all this senseless Godly pain? Surely an all powerful designer would design out this pointless agony. The terrible pain felt by the fawn serves no purpose as the poor creature dies- too late to learn from any experience. Yet there is feedback but not to the poor fawn. The rest of the herd hear its cries of agony and learn a very strong lesson - avoid tigers like the plague! There is also the lesser feedback to the fawn on the small probability that it survives or escapes. This experience passes into the nature of the animal to impact upon survivability. Those that escape are generally fast enough to only receive a graze from the tiger’s paw and live to pass on their fast genes to future generations.
It is only the pain caused by free will that causes a moral dilemma. The feedback from such pain is not apparent. The origins of such pain infliction go back to the origins of humanity as hunter-gatherers roaming the plains in search of food. The basic unit was the tribe and survival of the tribe was not just dependent on the finding of sufficient food but of competing for it with adjacent tribes. War was the outcome and the free willed infliction of pain. The feedback mechanism from wars is similar to that from the more natural tiger and fawn situation. It meant that to survive the tribe had to be good at war and to breed good warriors. War is part of our evolutionary development. The development of agriculture and the static tribe reduced the incidence of these wars which otherwise may have destroyed the evolution of humanity. Many ancestors of homo sapiens may have died out before this reprieve came along. 
It is easy to sanitize war in this way and give it purpose. The reality of war is only known to those who have experienced it. War is about the willful infliction of pain and in a modern sense is morally avoidable. It has developed with the aid of science to a point where pain can be inflicted on the entire human race at the push of a nuclear button. It is still the tribal way of resolving conflict. The message of the potential feedback of such generalized pain is one targeted at the entire human life on the planet and the consequences are dire if it is ignored.
War is not evil. It is the accepted way that human groupings resolve their conflicts. War is avoidable. The modern level of education and knowledge lets leaders see beyond the local impact of war to the greater world of the human race as a common entity. Democracy curbs the powers of rogue leaders to enter into wars without due authority. Wars persist but the proliferation of wars will over time decline as they are seen as primitive responses to conflict situations that are best treated by prolonged negotiation. The realization that there is an ultimate nuclear war in the background has helped to rationalize the minds of modern leaders and governments. 
Pain inflicted by free will is not confined to the field of war. It arises in all areas of conflict. It is hot wired into the minds of men in particular. Violence is often a response to threat. Mindless violence is the extreme expression of that inbred desire to inflict pain. Societal violence of this kind is an illness. Society is sick where there is acceptance of high levels of physical violence. There is no feedback mechanism either for the individual or for society. Society no longer places value on the ability to be a great warrior. Pain infliction has long been mechanized and has displaced that value on warrior mentality that underlies most societal violence. That mentality relates back to the tribe where the leader asserts himself violently to prove that he is worthy of being leader as the best warrior. This in-tribe violence did once have a feedback in that the warring abilities helped the survival of the clan. It has been programmed into each of us from our evolutionary development. It is still a major impact on society even in the modern world where being a violent man is not in any way esteemed by the rational. It is an ugly reminder of our primitive past.
This mindless infliction of pain is what we are accustomed to call ‘evil’. Evil exists if we circumscribe its existence with the remnant driving forces of our ancient and primitive selves. It is a driving force without a purpose in the great roll-out of our evolutionary journey. The initial feedback benefits to survival are no longer there. It is the appendix attached to the body of society and, if it gives trouble, must be surgically removed. For most of us it lies dormant, a useless relic of a distant past.
But there is another sort of pain in the world that is purely a human pain - pain of the mind. Very little of the unhappiness in the world is caused by physical pain. Mental turmoil far exceeds the bounds of the physical. The fact that it is purely a human trait suggests that it comes from the pressures of society living. Animals can live in close knit groups and there are tensions between members but these are usually related to leadership roles and mating and are resolved by physical violence that is the forebear of our own physical violent inclinations. There is no evidence that animals have sufficient memory or cognitive ability to bear grudges. Only humans possess this unwholesome trait. It is the ability to have a memory that allows humans to develop the broad spectrum of emotions that ultimately lead to unhappiness and discontent. Humans are not inclined to be happy. Happiness is an oasis seldom visited in the desert of discontent. 
Memory allowed our primitive forebears to remember which member of the group was a potential threat to his position within the group. He was able to place himself relatively in the group and set up comparisons that led to envy and jealousy. The parable in the Book of Genesis where Adam takes the apple offered by Eve is very powerful. That apple conveyed on the first couple the ability to remember and they moved from the blissful existence of the ever-now to the realm of time. Past became a player in the equilibrium of the emotions. The Original Sin in taking that apple allowed all the sins of human destiny to flood into reality: envy, lust, hate, deceit, greed and violence. Without the benefit of memory man would not be able to sin. 
Memory was an evolutionary step of the greatest importance. It led originally to the conception of all life. In humans its complex development in the brain allowed the development of language which allowed complex human interaction to take place and it is this interaction that is the basis of all our anxieties and mental pain. For the small amount of pleasure gained from social intercourse the balance has to be the overload of social tensions: within families, neighbors, communities and ultimately society. These tensions are only resolved by physical violence in exceptional circumstances and less so as societies develop and advance. The unresolved tensions remain, however, to ferment in the solipsistic nightmare of vexations, hang-ups, hates and envies. 
Freud was right to the extent that repressing these capacities to sin only leads to mental un-health and ultimately possible insanity. Learning to deal with them and accept them as part of nature, but a part that must be controlled, is what makes an individual mentally healthy. Much of society represses on an organized basis. The religions of the world refuse to talk of these gray areas of human nature shoving them all into the category of sin and ascribing to them an external un-godlike body, the devil. This externalizing them in effect externalizes a part of one’s own nature and leads to life-long conflict and internal dishonesty and in severe cases insanity. Understanding them as part of our make-up removes the sense of guilt that so often is the mark of the faithful. The Freudian route to mental health was to expose our inner demons and get the patient to accept them yet control them, as he controls so many other areas of his being. A lot of the mental turmoil and pain in the world is self-induced in this way.
Philosophy can teach us that there is nothing in human nature that should be shunned as we shun the concept of sin as defined by religions. Sin is a primitive response to the way our ancestors developed their societal structures. It was of use to have envy of the leader. That envy was the driving force that drove challenges to the leader and led to successful and on-going change. A stasis would have led to the leader becoming feeble and putting the group under threat or perhaps passing on bad genes to future generations. These negative emotions were the driving forces of group dynamics of our ancient forebears. They are still the forces that drive change in the modern society of the twenty first century. A politician would not last very long in the maelstrom of modern life if he did not possess a modicum of all these negatives that we abhor on a personal basis.
Both religion and philosophy fail us by not placing us in our context as a form of life that developed by chance on a rocky planet in an inauspicious part of the universe. Moreover the context of our evolutionary past is crucial to our understanding of our present and how we relate to ourselves and to each other. Modern man needs to be educated to this awareness and the process should start at the earliest point. The child who is aware of the extent of the cosmos and the evolutionary path of life will not be prone to develop phobias about guilt, will not be dishonest with himself and will be open to accepting life as it is - not as an ideal, as promoted by religions and some philosophy. A modern Utopia is one that sets the standard to be attained as one well short of old Utopian goals. The human is not made in the image of God. Homo sapiens is a very imperfect result of four billions years plus of evolution on this particular piece of rock. He is neither good nor bad but just is, as is the swallow or the elephant or the kangaroo. The development of memory has allowed him to conquer his environment and has led unfortunately to much damage to this environment and to other living species. In that, homo sapiens is different to other life. He is the only life that is self -aware and empathetic to the existence of others in a full communicative sense. This has led to complex social interactions against the background of which the primitive emotions can play havoc. The world as we see it is in a state of constant havoc both at the level of the individual and the state. This comes from failing to recognize that these primitive emotions are innate and knowing this and their contextual existence the individual can control them, leading to healthier people and ultimately healthier societies. Education is the key tool to effect this realization but the paradigm that this education reflects has to be different from the current religious paradigm. God and the Devil retire gracefully. Existential man arises.
There is hope that the levels of violence in our lives will steadily decrease. It was felt that the First World War would be the war to end all wars but while that was certainly true for the millions slain, it was not true for those remaining. The twentieth century saw a level of violence on a scale never before seen in the world. The political outcome led to the Cold War that was fought between the two superpowers on successive fronts. It was the development of nuclear weapons and their availability on both sides of the conflict that prevented what, for humanity, would have been an inconceivable Third World War. The tide was turning. The number of democracies in the world was growing and negotiation became a substitute for violence. The huge increase in communications generated by the development of the free internet led to a globalization that removed much of the tribal ignorance and fears of society. Globalization of trade has also been key to reducing conflicts across the globe. States that trade a lot with each other prefer a stable economic climate. The wars that now plague the planet are those related to religious fundamentalism and the struggle to control access to ever decreasing energy supplies. It is possible that the future will see a world without major conflicts as these issues become resolved. The fear of global warming is already shifting the balance away from fossil fuels towards renewable technologies. The rise of fundamentalism can be stemmed by increasing access to free communication whereby isolated societies can see and understand that difference with others is not a threat. 
For nearly two million years hominoids lived as hunter gatherers roaming the grasslands of the central continent. For this period the only response to conflict was violence. To run away from violence was to send a message that you were weak and vulnerable. Retreat was not a viable strategy. The conflict had to be met head on. The sparse distribution of tribes meant that geographical isolation was a natural limit to such conflict. The advent of agriculture meant that populations increased and the proximity of potential enemies increased. Full scale wars are a very recent arrival in the human story as agricultural practice is less than twenty thousand years old. While war on this scale is recent, violent conflict has always been a part of human existence and must in some sense be hardwired into our evolutionary development. This is particularly so for the male of the species who is considerably more violent than his female counterpart. If violence were not in some way innate, the levels of male and female violence tendencies should be somewhat equal. The increasing profile of women in world political life should reflect this lack of propensity to act violently and is another source of positive change particularly in western societies. It is interesting to note that in fundamentalist societies the female is allowed little or no role in the world of men. These societies are among the most bellicose on the planet. 
While humanity may yet win the war on war, the inner wars waged at the level of the individual cannot be vanquished. Human anxiety is part of being. All response generates some anxiety. It is programmed into the individual from the moment of birth where it takes the sole form of food anxiety. The human baby is born defenseless. It cannot do anything for itself other than think. The ability to think and be aware of himself and his environment is unique to humans and sows the seeds of constant anxiety towards the world. The extent of our anxieties is formed as babies and is shaped during childhood. They remain with us throughout our long life to haunt us whenever we are in situations where we perceive we have little or no control. Our dream world reveals our chaotic anxieties. Anxiety is part of our existential being - for some it becomes a catastrophic part and they pass over the boundaries of sanity. 
Anxiety casts us as a social being. It is a response to others in terms of their relation to us. A baby clings to its mother, because of food. It develops a special relation with its parents because it gets un-compromized love. The sibling relations are very tenuous because there is little or nothing to be gained from them. Sibling relations are never very strong compared to the primary relations of parent and child. In fact sibling relations are more likely to be the subject of negative emotions such as envy or rivalry. As Freud well theorized, the parental relations are the main generators of anxiety complexes. 
That anxiety exists suggests that it has an evolutionary purpose. The purpose is relatively clear for the defenseless baby whose anxiety forces him to cry for help, which is his only possible response to need. When a child learns to communicate and becomes more independent, the levels of anxiety should recede. Healthy children are those who are independent and can freely communicate. Hang-ups that impede communication are the main cause of anxiety. To be able to verbalize the problem and if needed to ask for help is a sign of a healthy child. The early resorts for assistance are initially to parents. If there are problems in these relationships, the child has no place to turn. The anxiety builds up and can lead to illness or emerges as behavioral problems.  
The child first learns to communicate. This is a slow process and the development of complete trust in its parents is essential. Independence is even slower to arrive. It is built up incrementally as the child learns to cope with the minor anxieties of life, always having the safety valve of parental communication if necessary. The child learns to cope with life. The anxieties are still there but they are under control. The child recognizes them as normal and learns how to deal with them without increasing them. The progress to adulthood leads to the fabled normal well-balanced person. There is no such person. Each person struggles with his anxieties on a continuous basis but has learned that they are conquerable. Just as the person who becomes a good public speaker will still admit to nerves before taking the podium, we all have to overcome petty anxieties as part of living. In a healthy mind the anxiety acts as a spur to alert the body or the mind for action. Without it, the blasé approach may lead to danger. Anxiety and alertness go hand in hand. The fawn that is constantly alert may appear anxious but is well-primed to deal with the appearance of the tiger. Humans too are constantly on the alert for danger and anxiety fulfils that role. Certain levels of anxiety are essential. Too much and the mind becomes unhealthy and possibly deranged.
It appears that we humans can thank evolution for making our world painful both physically and emotionally. Pain and anxiety are important tools in our survival both at a primitive level and in the modern world. It is their control or lack of control that leads to wars and emotional conflict. The modern human has learned to control his physical pain to a greater extent than his emotional pain. Yet from that same emotional pain has emerged most of the great works of art, literature and music. Creativity seems to need that emotional imbalance to release other energies that form structures of great beauty. Nothing comes out of equilibrium. Science has taught us that. The heat pump the basis of our biological being needs the dis-equilibrium of a heat source and a heat sink. Hot and cold are essential to life. Temperature both defines and separates them. Anxiety is the temperature difference which drives creativity.
In a life, the vast bulk of pain is not the physical pain of the body but the emotional pain of the mind. It is true our life starts in pain - that of the mother who brings us into this world through violent bodily exertion. We usually end our lives in the pain of a body that is overcome with its physical inadequacies. Between these extremes, unless unlucky, the human generally spends most of life in a state of physical non-pain. The emotional pain - that deeply seated existential pain of being alone in a non-caring world - is there as a constant background that is at best negated by moments of ‘high’. The calm, serene person is that rare being who has come to an acceptance of life and all that it throws up. The rest of us rail at the disregard and unfairness of it all. We rue our lost opportunities and grieve for lost relationships. We live in a constant state of unrequited desire. This leads to a need to search for that nefarious peace. We find it only occasionally and in unexpected places. It visits us briefly then departs leaving a sense of loss and void that makes our real life almost pointless and vacuous. The meaning that we seek is the answer to that great existential question - who am I? The lack of answers is the well of our discontent. Even the simple answers of religion provide only partial solace and ultimately confuse us with their attendant myths and rituals. The voyage through life is truly a personal and verily solipsistic journey. Fellow travelers come and go but our own journey is always with us. The human being is a blind traveler who clumsily knocks about in the unseen background world of his existence. 
It is easy for the human to fall into despair. The negatives of life are too many and too frequent. Yet he survives and overcomes the existential drama. Life is composed of the successes over the attempts by nature to defeat it. That is the essential of life. It is what is not defeated and killed by the environment or the cosmos. The cosmos is not friendly to life. In fact it seems to want to kill it at every juncture. There are few places in the known cosmos that life can prosper and survive. One of them, perhaps the only one, is our blue planet. Even on this fecund rock that orbits a suitably long lived sun, the threats to life are immense. The threats are even compounded by life itself. Other life forms eventually overwhelm their neighbors in the quest for the source of energy - food. That life exists at all is an amazing miracle in the story of the physical world. Its brief appearance, a mere microsecond in the day of the cosmos, may just be a tiny flicker of no more relative significance than a grain of sand in the totality of beaches of the world. Life is not the essence of the cosmos but a very parochial phenomenon with no cosmological significance. 
The extent of the cosmos in time and in space places the brief existence of cognitive life in a very different philosophical position than that attributed to it by religion or some philosophical streams. Far from being the center of the world, we are not even a bit player. We are a player that must fight constantly with the local scene to allow us deliver our brief lines. The world construes to hurt us with disease, bodily imperfections and mental instability. Our struggle for life is not symmetrical in its impact on the cosmos. The small efforts, that while certainly in modern times have had major impact on our homely planet, have to date had no effect outside our tiny remote solar system and absolutely none on the vast expanse of the universe. Even the frenzied mix of telecommunication waves that escape into space will take billions of years of travel to even cover the nearer parts of our world. The vastness of the space-time means that we are forever doomed to be alone in our struggle to survive. 
What is it about the cosmos that makes it want to destroy life as we know it? The question seems odd when one looks at the wild diversity of life on earth. Nature on earth has delivered a visually resplendent world. Where there is water the landscape is lush and green. The wild flowers of the hedgerow deliver colors that any painter can only dream of. The sky at evening is more wonderful a screen than seen in any cinema. Life seems to be flourishing here in this small space of the cosmos. This makes this place very special. The laws of nature must be very propitious in this space. The moon, our sister satellite is totally barren. So also we suspect are all the other planets and their respective moons. Life has flourished here as if by chance. The cosmos that is so anti-life has relaxed its vigilance in this infinitesimal patch of space time. The battle of life is to survive against the incredible odds that are stacked against it. It is these odds that are the origin of pain in life. To struggle is to endure pain. There can be no heaven on earth. In death the struggle is over. The pain is no more. 
Yet there is hope in human nature. We do not live to die. The constant featuring of pain in our lives does not defeat us and throw us into a depressive quagmire. Somehow there is always a glimmer of hope that keeps us alive in a positive sense. What is that sense of hope and where does it spring from? Less advanced societies are happy to prescribe belief in a god myth that provides a simple paradigm of a patriarchal figure that watches over us and cares for our destiny. This transplants the familial sense of comfort and protection into the world of adulthood. The hope in life is not the death of pain but the death of death. Immortality seems to give humanity a reason to exist. Enduring presence is justification enough for being. If we accept death we accept pointlessness of life. Religion also gives a sense of respite to the ever present pain and suffering of life. Heaven will be a place where there is no pain - the soul, the disembodied person, will dwell in the aura of love emanating from the patriarchal divine presence. A contrary existence of much increased pain was contrived for those who do not live according to the prescribed rules. Here the stick, as opposed to the carrot of peace in heaven, is the lack of hope of escape from an unbearable pain. This idea harks back to early beliefs that catastrophes and disasters were the work of a punishing god who judges his people to have transgressed his law. The origin of pain in life becomes a divine retribution. The eternal retribution of hell can only be avoided by following the laws as prescribed. 
This divorced the origins of pain from the direct physical causes which were seen as mere instruments of a higher will. This paradigm has transfixed the human race for all of its short history. In many ways it has led to a stoic acceptance of pain as part of the unavoidable essence of being. This stoicism runs counter to the survival instincts of the species on the level of the individual but may have advantages at the level of society. The prevalence of religious belief in almost all societies would suggest it has. The decline in the basic paradigms of the various religions particularly in the western world leaves a certain vacuum. How does the post-religionist come to terms with the unceasing pain in the world? Whence springs his hope? 
 

Eighteen

Into the Cosmic Future



The post Darwinian world has had to come to terms with a story of life that sees it in a continual struggle for survival against the odds of the cosmos. The new paradigm has settled in slowly into the modern psyche. In many respects it is still in its infancy. The creationist movements in the conservative churches hope to block its emergence as the paradigm on which humanity must construct its sense of hope. Evolution teaches us that there is hope for those who struggle hardest. This in terms of the modern world of human thought means increasing the basic store of knowledge of how our small patch of space-time works. Knowing the laws that dictate the complexity of life and our environment allows humanity to predict its behavior and meet its uncertainties with a measured preparedness. The modern hope is the hope of increasing knowledge. This knowledge has led to massive improvements in human health-care and longevity. Food production capacity of the world has seen exponential increases and allows the feeding of ever increasing populations. Natural energy resources of the world are being supplemented by new technologies that capture more of the parent source energy from our friendly sun. Science has unlocked the limitless energy of the nucleus and this undoubtedly will be the fountain of our future energy requirements. Knowledge has led to greater sense of cultural difference and communication between all peoples that ultimately will lead to less war and political strife. The self expression of art, literature and music has never being more widespread and part of the existence of the common man. No longer is it the province of the elite. The human species is creating more and more things of beauty. The aesthetic quotient of humanity is increasing.
Can the quest for more knowledge of the world in which we find ourselves be part of the hope of the common man? To buy into this hope, the foundations must be laid in an education system that places knowledge, and the open pursuit of it, on a very high pedestal. It has to become the ultimate goal of the person to continually increase knowledge and to put this knowledge to good use for the betterment of all. Participation in the voyage of discovery can be seen as the privilege of everyone not just the expert, the academic or the professional. Open-source knowledge is the future opened up by the communications revolution of the internet. People of similar interests can readily find fertile ground on which to set their ideas. The fences erected by august institutions no longer keep out the uninitiated. The death of the closed institution is well nigh. It was a legacy of a gentleman’s world where knowledge and education set them above the plebeian world of the average man. The function of maintaining standards, that once had good intentions in defining what was truly scientific or academic, is no longer relevant where the pace of knowledge spreads so quickly both laterally and vertically. Knowledge can no longer be corralled into a discrete compound to the exclusion of all but near relations. The unseen quantum entanglement-like associations of different areas of knowledge are inhibited by the hierarchal and isolationist approaches of most institutions. Left to themselves they continue to plough a furrow in the same old direction lacking the cross fertilization of ideas that can suddenly make it obvious that the direction is a scientific or epistemological cul de sac. 
The organization of knowledge, into multifarious closed institutions that continually raise the barrier to entry to an ever higher level, is the main obstacle to the growth of real knowledge of our objective reality. If we perceive the world only with strict mathematical eyes we lose the sense of wonder and energy provided by that of our emotional eyes that see the beauty of all nature, or that of our ears that appreciate its sounds and the sounds that we ourselves create in music, or that of our taste buds that define sensations that cannot be expressed in either adequate words or equations. Such a treasure-trove of knowledge is lost to the over-specialized. It is necessary to have specialists but it is equally necessary to have generalists. The old idea of a liberal arts degree can be replaced by a degree that covers all the areas of knowledge with the express aim at giving some individuals a broad view of the world of knowledge as it now stands. These people become the free-thinkers whose job is to add spice to the sometimes bland thinking of the specialist. The need for naive questioning and challenging has never been more necessary than in the current times. The long accepted theory of free market economics was left to the experts whose myopic faith in their risk strategies overlooked the obvious  that any unprofessional would ask; how can you have continuous uninhibited growth in wealth? The laws of continuity and conservation of energy imply that at best the resources of the earth are just being redistributed. Humanity has being exploiting the planet on a grand scale since the advent of industrialism. Some nations got incredibly rich at the cost of other weaker nations. The beautiful architecture of the city of London is built on the stolen wealth of the poor colonies. History abounds in potential lessons yet the inbuilt inertia of institutions denies these lessons an airing. The world banking systems based on the false paradigm of uninhibited growth had a sudden crash. The closed world of finance and economics was blind to impending doom that any group of naive observers could foretell. Institutions become obsessed with the verity of their own knowledge and become vulnerable. 
Recognizing that the hope of the modern world rests in the increasing knowledge of our local space-time patch, thus allowing us to better our chance to survive is not enough. The organization of this process of knowledge acquisition into an open-source model where inputs are freely given and taken and where flexible self-regulation allows organic growth is equally crucial. This organization should reflect the joys of exploration, discovery and creativity, as being a central part and point of human existence. The public relations of the knowledge industry have been dismally lacking. 
My thoughts have degenerated into a polemic against the organization of society. I have trouble with the role of religion in education. I see the parochialism of academic and professional institutions as corrosive to the very aims they strive to attain. I advocate a new type of education that transcends these limitations, training the young from the very start that knowledge is the most valuable jewel in the crown of human existence. It is valuable because unlike wealth it is not subject to conservation laws and can grow infinitely. It is never ending. Despite the hubris of some physicists there will never be a theory of everything. There will be theories without limit because the depths of knowledge are unfathomable. There is always more to be discerned. Therein lies the hope of humanity. The well of knowledge will never run dry. There will always be an infinity more to draw up from the dark depths. The challenge to humanity will always be there but, while it can never be overwhelmed, it always allows progress towards the goal of ever increasing wisdom. The great integration of human knowledge leads to the acquired wisdom of the human species. This wisdom makes us better suited to the trials and tribulations presented to us by the planet on which we live alongside all other life forms. 


The End

 

Bibliography

AUTHOR       Feynman, Richard Phillips.
TITLE        Six not-so-easy pieces : Einstein's relativity, symmetry, and 
               space-time / Richard P. Feynman ; originally prepared for 
               publication by Robert B. Leighton and Matthew Sands ; new 
               introduction by Roger Penrose.
IMPRINT      Reading, Mass. : Addison-Wesley Pub., 1997.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Literary theory, an anthology / edited by Julie Rivkin and 
               Michael Ryan.
IMPRINT      Malden, Mass. : Blackwell, 1998.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Whitaker, Andrew.
TITLE        Einstein, Bohr and the Quantum Dilemma: From Quantum Theory      to Quantum Information.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, UK ; New York : Cambridge University Press, 2006.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Penrose, Roger.
TITLE        The emperor's new mind : concerning computers, minds, and the 
               laws of physics / Roger Penrose.
IMPRINT      New York  Oxford U.P. 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Penrose, Roger.
TITLE        Shadows of the mind : a search for the missing science of 
               consciousness / Roger Penrose.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Oxford U.P. 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bohm, David.
TITLE        The undivided universe : an ontological interpretation of quantum
               theory / D. Bohm and B.J. Hiley.
IMPRINT      London  Routledge 1993.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bohm, David.
TITLE        Wholeness and the implicate order / David Bohm.
IMPRINT      London : Ark, 1983.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bohm, David.
TITLE        Quantum theory / by David Bohm.
IMPRINT      Englewood Cliffs, N.J.  Prentice-Hall 1951.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Rae, Alastair I. M.
TITLE        Quantum physics : illusion or reality? / Alastair I.M. Rae.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1986.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Philosophical consequences of quantum theory : reflections on 
               Bell's Theorem / James T. Cushing and Ernan McMullin, editors.
IMPRINT      Notre Dame, Ind. : University of Notre Dame, 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Russell, Bertrand, 1872-1970.
TITLE        Human knowledge : its scope and limits / Bertrand Russell.
IMPRINT      London  Allen & Unwin 1948.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Forrest, Peter.
TITLE        Quantum metaphysics / Peter Forrest.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Blackwell 1988.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Moore, Alan William.
TITLE        The problems of philosophy : their past and present.
TITLE        The infinite / A.W. Moore.
IMPRINT      London  Routledge & Kegan Paul 1991.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Silk, Joseph.
TITLE        the big bang / Joseph Silk.
EDITION      Revised and updated ed.
IMPRINT      New York  Freeman 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Mehra, Jagdish.
TITLE        The beat of a different drum : the life and science of Richard 
               Feynman / Jagdish Mehra.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Clarendon 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Heisenberg, Werner, 1901-1976.
TITLE        Across the frontiers / Werner Heisenberg translated from the 
               French by Peter Heath.
IMPRINT      New York  Harper Torchbooks 1975.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Heisenberg, Werner, 1901-1976.
TITLE        Physics and philosophy : the revolution in modern science / 
               Werner Heisenberg.
IMPRINT      London  Allen & Unwin 1958.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Carroll, Noël, 1947-
TITLE        Philosophy of art : a contemporary introduction / Nöel Carroll.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Routledge, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Gane, Laurence.
TITLE        Nietzsche for beginners / Laurence Gane and Kitty Chan : edited 
               by Richard Appignanesi.
IMPRINT      Cambridge : Icon Books, 1998.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Nietzsche, Friedrich Wilhelm, 1844-1900.
TITLE        Beyond good and evil : prelude to a philosophy of the future / 
               Friedrich Nietzsche ; translated with commentary by Walter 
               Kaufmann.
IMPRINT      New York : Vintage Books, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Polt, Richard.
TITLE        Heidegger : an introduction / Richard Polt.
IMPRINT      London : UCL Press, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Jammer, Max.
TITLE        The philosophy of quantum mechanics : the interpretations of 
               quantum mechanics in historical perspective / Max Jammer.
IMPRINT      New York  Wiley-Interscience 1974.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Hawking, S. W. (Stephen W.)
TITLE        The universe in a nutshell / Stephen Hawking.
IMPRINT      London : Bantam, 2001.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Novikov, Igor.
TITLE        Black holes and the universe / Igor Novikov.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1990.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Hey, Anthony J. G.
TITLE        The quantum universe / Tony Hey, Patrick Walters.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       McEvoy, J. P. (Joseph P.)
TITLE        Quantum theory for beginners / J.P. McEvoy and Oscar Zarate ; 
               edited by Richard Appignanesi.
IMPRINT      Cambridge : Icon Books, 1996.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Chester, Marvin.
TITLE        Primer of quantum mechanics / Marvin Chester.
IMPRINT      New York : Wiley, 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Gibbins, Peter.
TITLE        Particles and paradoxes : the limits of quantum logic / Peter 
               Gibbins.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Schiff, Leonard I.
TITLE        Quantum mechanics / Leonard I. Schiff.
EDITION      3rd ed.
IMPRINT      New York : McGraw-Hill, 1968.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Krips, Henry.
TITLE        The metaphysics of quantum theory / Henry Krips.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Clarendon 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Feynman, Richard Phillips.
TITLE        Quantum mechanics and path integrals / R.P. Feynman, A.R. Hibbs.
IMPRINT      New York  MaGraw-Hill 1965.
**********************************************************
TITLE        The problems of modernity : Adorno and Benjamin / edited by 
               Andrew Benjamin.
IMPRINT      London  Routledge & Kegan Paul 1991.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Buber, Martin, 1878-1965.
TITLE        Between man and man / Martin Buber ; translated by Ronald Gregor-
               Smith ; with an introduction by Maurice Friedman.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Routledge, 2002.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Goodman, Nelson.
TITLE        Of mind and other matters / Nelson Goodman.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass. : Harvard University Press, 1984.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Wilczek, Frank.
TITLE        Looking for the harmonies : themes and variations from modern 
               physics / Frank Wilczek and Betsy Devine.
IMPRINT      New York  Norton 1988.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Gribbin, John R.
TITLE        Q is for quantum : particle physics from A-Z / John Gribbin ; 
               edited by Mary Gribbin ; illustrations by Jonathan Gribbin ; 
               timelines by Benjamin Gribbin.
IMPRINT      London : Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1998.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Habermas and the unfinished project of modernity : critical 
               essays on The philosophical discourse of modernity / edited by 
               Maurizio Passerin d'Entrèves and Seyla Benhabib.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, UK : Polity Press, 1996.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Habermas, Jürgen.
TITLE        The past as future / Jurgen Habermas interviewed by Michael 
               Haller ;  translated and edited by Max Pensky ;  foreword by 
               Peter Hohendahl.
IMPRINT      Cambridge : Polity, 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Marks, John, 1964-
TITLE        Gilles Deleuze : vitalism and multiplicity / John Marks.
IMPRINT      London ; Sterling, Va. : Pluto Press, 1998.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Weisskopf, Victor Frederick.
TITLE        The privilege of being a physicist / Victor F. Weisskopf.
IMPRINT      New York  Freeman 1988.
**********************************************************
TITLE        The New scientist guide to chaos / edited by Nina Hall.
IMPRINT      Penguin, 1991.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Stenger, Victor J., 1935-
TITLE        Not by design : the origin of the universe / Victor J. Stenger.
IMPRINT      Buffalo, N.Y.  Prometheus Books 1988.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Popper, Karl Raimund, Sir, 1902-1994.
TITLE        The open universe : an argument for indeterminism / Karl R. 
               Popper.
IMPRINT      London : Hutchinson, 1982.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bell, J. S.
TITLE        Speakable and unspeakable in quantum mechanics / J.S. Bell.
IMPRINT      Cambridge : Cambridge U.P., 1988.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Peterson, Aage.
TITLE        Quantum physics and the philosophical tradition / by Aage 
               Peterson.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass.  MIT 1968.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Weinberg, Steven.
TITLE        Dreams of a final theory / Steven Weinberg.
IMPRINT      New York : Pantheon, 1992.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Selleri, Franco.
TITLE        Quantum paradoxes and physical reality / by Franco Selleri edited by Alwyn van der Merwe.
IMPRINT      Dordrecht  Kluwer Academic 1990.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Barrow, John D., 1952-
TITLE        The artful universe / John D. Barrow.
IMPRINT      Oxford : Clarendon Press ; Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, 1995.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Thought as a system / edited by David Bohm.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Routledge, 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Crick, Francis.
TITLE        The astonishing hypothesis : the scientific search for the soul /
               Francis Crick.
IMPRINT      London  Simon & Schuster 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Davies, P. C. W.
TITLE        The physics of time asymmetry / P.C.W. Davies.
IMPRINT      Leighton Buzzard  Surrey U.P. 1974.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Brand, Stewart.
TITLE        The clock of the long now : time and responsibility.
IMPRINT      London : Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1999.
**********************************************************
TITLE        The nature of time / edited by Raymond Flood and Michael
               Lockwood.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Blackwell 1986.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bohm, David.
TITLE        Science, order, and creativity / David Bohm, F. David Peat.
IMPRINT      London  Science Paperbacks 1987.
DESCRIPT     280p.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Cassirer, Ernst.
TITLE        Substance and function ; and, Einstein's theory and relativity / 
               Ernst Cassirer authorized translation by William Curtis Swabey 
               and Marie Collins Swakey.
IMPRINT      New York  Dover 1923.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Connes, Alain.
TITLE        Triangle of thoughts / Alain Connes, André Lichnerowicz, Marcel Paul Schützenberger ; translated by Jennifer Gage.
IMPRINT      Providence, R.I. : American Mathematical Society, 2001.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bransden, B. H., 1926-
TITLE        Introduction to quantum mechanics / B.H. Bransden and C.J. 
               Joachain.
IMPRINT      New York  Longman Scientific & Technical 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Schutz, Bernard F.
TITLE        A first course in general relativity / Bernard F. Schutz.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1985.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Espagnat, Bernard d'
TITLE        Reality and the physicist : knowledge, duration and the quantum 
               world / Bernard D'Espagnat edited by J.C. Whitehouse.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Fine, Arthur.
TITLE        The shaky game : Einstein, realism and the quantum theory / 
               Arthur Fine.
TITLE        Science and its conceptual foundations.
IMPRINT      Chicago  University of Chicago Press 1986.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Friedman, Norman, 1926-
TITLE        Bridging science and spirit : common elements in David Bohm's 
               physics, the perennial philosophy and Seth / Norman Friedman.
IMPRINT      St. Louis, MO : Living Lake Books, 1990.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Prigogine, I. (Ilya)
TITLE        Order out of chaos : man's new dialogue with nature / Ilya 
               Prigogine and Isabelle Stengers ; foreword by Alvin Toffler.
IMPRINT      Toronto ; New York, N.Y. : Bantam Books, 1984.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Sciama, D W.
TITLE        Modern cosmology and the dark matter problem / D.W. Sciama.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1993.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Nicolis, Gregoire.
TITLE        Exploring complexity : an introduction / Gregoire Nicolis, Ilya 
               Prigogine.
IMPRINT      San Francisco  Freeman 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Rees, Martin J., 1942-
TITLE        Our cosmic habitat / Martin Rees.
IMPRINT      London : Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 2002.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Weinberg, Steven.
TITLE        The first three minutes : a modern view of the origin of the 
               Universe / Steven Weinberg.
IMPRINT      London : Deutsch, 1977.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Barrow, John D.
TITLE        Pi in the sky : counting, thinking, being / John D. Barrow.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Clarendon 1992.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Lorrain, Paul.
TITLE        Electromagnetic fields and waves / Paul Lorrain, Dale R. Corson.
EDITION      2nd ed.
IMPRINT      San Francisco  Freeman 1970.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Friedman, Michael.
TITLE        Foundations of space-time theories : relativistic physics and 
               philosophy of science / Michael Friedman.
IMPRINT      Princeton, N.J.  Princeton U.P. 1986.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Schwinger, Julian.
TITLE        Einstein's legacy : the unity of space and time.
IMPRINT      New York  Freeman 1986.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Barrow, John D.
TITLE        Theories of everything : the quest for ultimate explanation / 
               John D. Barrow.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Clarendon 1991.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Brockman, John, 1941-
TITLE        The third culture / by John Brockman.
EDITION      1st Touchstone ed.
IMPRINT      New York : Simon & Schuster, 1996.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Badiou, Alain.
TITLE        Being and event.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Continuum, 2005.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Gruska, Jozef.
TITLE        Quantum computing / Jozef Gruska.
IMPRINT      London ; Burr Ridge, IL : McGraw-Hill Companies, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Pais, Abraham.
TITLE        Inward bound : of matter and forces in the physical world / 
               Abraham Pais.
IMPRINT      New York  Doubleday 1986.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Kourany, Janet A.
TITLE        Scientific knowledge : basic issues in the philosophy of
               science / Janet A. Kourany.
IMPRINT      Belmont, Calif.  Wadsworth 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Feyerabend, Paul K., 1924-
TITLE        Philosophical papers / P.K. Feyerabend.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1981.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Horwich, Paul.
TITLE        Asymmetries in time : problems in the philosophy of science / 
               Paul Horwich.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass.  M.I.T. Press 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Merricks, Trenton.
TITLE        Objects and persons / Trenton Merricks.
IMPRINT      Oxford : Clarendon Press ; New York : Oxford University Press
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Morton, Adam.
TITLE        Philosophy in practice : an introduction to the main questions / 
               Adam Morton.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass., USA : Blackwell Publishers, 1996.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Rees, Martin J., 1942-
TITLE        Black holes, gravitational waves and cosmology : an introduction 
               to current research / Martin Rees, Remo Ruffini and John 
               Archibald Wheeler.
IMPRINT      New York : Gordon and Breach, 1974.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Clark, Stuart (Stuart G.)
TITLE        Towards the edge of the universe : a review of modern cosmology /
               Stuart Clark.
IMPRINT      Chichester ; New York : Wiley, 1997.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Ricœur, Paul.
TITLE        Husserl : an analysis of his phenomenology / Paul Ricoeur ; 
               translated from the French by Edward G. Ballard and Lester E. 
               Embree ; foreword to the new edition by David Carr.
IMPRINT      Evanston, Ill. : Northwestern University Press, 2007.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Husserl, Edmund, 1859-1938.
TITLE        Phenomenology and the crisis of philosophy : philosophy as 
               rigorous science and philosophy and the crisis of European
               man / Edmund Husserl translated ... by Quentin Lauer.
IMPRINT      New York  Harper & Row 1965.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Hill, Claire Ortiz.
TITLE        Word and object in Husserl, Frege, and Russell : the roots of 
               twentieth-century philosophy / by Claire Ortiz Hill.
IMPRINT      Athens, Ohio : Ohio University Press, 2001, c1991.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Whitmore, Jon.
TITLE        Directing postmodern theater : shaping signification in 
               performance / Jon Whitmore.
IMPRINT      Ann Arbor : University of Michigan Press, 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Fortier, Mark, 1953-
TITLE        Theory/theatre : an introduction / Mark Fortier.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Routledge, 1997.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Govan, Emma.
TITLE        Making a performance : devising histories and contemporary 
               practices / Emma Govan, Helen Nicholson, Katie Normington.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Routledge, 2007.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Time in quantum mechanics / J.G. Muga, R. Sala Mayato, Í.L. 
               Egusquiza, eds.
IMPRINT      Berlin ; New York : Springer-Verlag, 2008-
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Wolf, Fred Alan.
TITLE        Taking the quantum leap : the new physics for non scientists / 
               Fred Alan Wolf.
IMPRINT      San Francisco  Harper & Row 1981.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Zee, A.
TITLE        Fearful symmetry : the search for beauty in modern physics / A. 
               Zee.
IMPRINT      Princeton, N.J. : Princeton University Press, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Whitehead, Alfred North.
TITLE        Adventures of ideas / Alfred North Whitehead.
IMPRINT      New York  Free Press 1967.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Malachowski, Alan R.
TITLE        Richard Rorty / Alan Malachowski.
IMPRINT      Chesham : Acumen, 2002.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Sarup, Madan.
TITLE        Identity, culture and the postmodern world / Madan Sarup ; edited
               by Tasneem Raja ; with a foreword by Peter Brooker.
IMPRINT      Edinburgh : Edinburgh University Press, c1996.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Gamow, George.
TITLE        The creation of the universe / George Gamow.
IMPRINT      New York  Viking Press 1952.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Auletta, Gennaro.
TITLE        Foundations and interpretation of quantum mechanics : in the 
               light of a critical-historical analysis of the problems and of 
               a synthesis of the results / Gennaro Auletta ; with a foreword 
               by Giorgio Parisi.
IMPRINT      Singapore [etc.] : World Scientific, 2001.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       May, Todd, 1955-
TITLE        Gilles Deleuze : an introduction / Todd May.
IMPRINT      Cambridge : Cambridge University Press, 2005.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       McGilvray, James A. (James Alasdair), 1942-
TITLE        Chomsky : language, mind, and politics / James McGilvray.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, UK ; Malden, MA : Polity Press, 1999.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Kierkegaard and Japanese thought / edited by James Giles.
IMPRINT      Houndmills, Basingstoke, Hampshire ; New York : Palgrave 
               Macmillan, 2008.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Scharff, Morten.
TITLE        Elementary quantum mechanics / Morten Scharff.
IMPRINT      London : Wiley-Interscience, 1969.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Redhead, Michael.
TITLE        Incompleteness, nonlocality, and realism : a prolegomenon to the 
               philosophy of quantum mechanics / Michael Redhead.
IMPRINT      Oxford : Clarendon, 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Israel, Jonathan I. (Jonathan Irvine), 1946-
TITLE        Enlightenment contested : philosophy, modernity, and the 
               emancipation of man, 1670-1752 / Jonathan I. Israel.
IMPRINT      Oxford : Oxford University Press, 2008.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Harré, Rom.
TITLE        Varieties of realism : a rationale for the natural sciences / Rom
               Harre.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Blackwell 1986.
**********************************************************
TITLE        The flight from science and reason / edited by Paul R. Gross, 
               Norman Levitt, and Martin W. Lewis.
IMPRINT      New York : New York Academy of Sciences ; Baltimore : Distributed by Johns Hopkins University Press, 1996.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Continental philosophy of science / edited by Gary Gutting.
IMPRINT      Malden, MA : Blackwell Pub., 2005.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Deutscher, Guy, Dr.
TITLE        The unfolding of language / Guy Deutscher.
IMPRINT      London : William Heinemann, 2005.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Janson, Tore, 1936-
TITLE        Speak : a short history of languages / Tore Janson.
IMPRINT      Oxford : Oxford University Press, 2003.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Reichenbach, Hans.
TITLE        The philosophy of space and time / by Hans Reichenbach translated by Maria Reichenbach and John Freund.
IMPRINT      New York  Dover 1958.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Johnson, F. Neil (Frederick Neil)
AUTHOR       Johnson, Neil F., 1961-
TITLE        Simple complexity : a clear guide to complexity theory / Neil F. 
               Johnson.
IMPRINT      Oxford : Oneworld, 2009.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Érdi, Péter.
TITLE        Complexity explained / Péter Érdi.
IMPRINT      Berlin : Springer, 2008.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Worldviews, science and us : philosophy and complexity : 
               University of Liverpool, UK, 11-14 September 2005 / editors, 
               Carlos Gershenson, Diederik Aerts, Bruce Edmonds.
IMPRINT      New Jersey : World Scientific, 2007.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Geras, Norman, 1943-
TITLE        Solidarity in the conversation of humankind : the ungroundable 
               liberalism of Richard Rorty / Norman Geras.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Verso, 1995.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Rorty, Richard.
TITLE        Philosophy and the mirror of nature / Richard Rorty.
IMPRINT      Oxford  Basil Blackwell 1980.
**********************************************************
TITLE        An introduction to the Earth-life system / authors, Charles 
               Cockell ... [et al.].
IMPRINT      Cambridge, UK ; New York : Cambridge University Press ; Milton Keynes, UK : In association with The Open University, 2008.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Rees, Martin J., 1942-
TITLE        Just six numbers : the deep forces that shape the universe.
IMPRINT      London : Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bernecker, Sven.
TITLE        Memory : a philosophical study / Sven Bernecker.
IMPRINT      Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, 2010.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       De Sousa, Ronald.
TITLE        Emotional truth / Ronald de Sousa.
IMPRINT      New York : Oxford University Press, 2011.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Thompson, Evan.
TITLE        Mind in life : biology, phenomenology, and the sciences of mind /Evan Thompson.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass. : Belknap Press of Harvard University Press
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Prigogine, Ilya.
TITLE        The end of certainty : time, chaos, and the new laws of nature / 
               Ilya Prigogine ; in collaboration with Isabelle Stengers.
IMPRINT      New York : Free Press, 1997.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Sklar, Lawrence.
TITLE        Philosophy and spacetime physics / Lawrence Sklar.
IMPRINT      Berkeley  University of California Press 1985.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Emergence : contemporary readings in philosophy and science / 
               edited by Mark A. Bedau and Paul Humphreys.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass. : MIT Press, 2008.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Cohen, Jack.
TITLE        The collapse of chaos : discovering simplicity in a complex world
               / Jack Cohen and Ian Stewart.
IMPRINT      London  Viking 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Mitchell, Melanie.
TITLE        Complexity : a guided tour / Melanie Mitchell.
IMPRINT      Oxford [England] ; New York : Oxford University Press, 2009.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Canguilhem, Georges.
TITLE        A vital rationalist : selected writings from Georges Canguilhem /
               edited by Francois Delaporte translated by Arthur Goldhammer.
IMPRINT      New York : Zone Books, 1994.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Hooker, C A.
TITLE        A realistic theory of science / C.A. Hooker.
IMPRINT      Albany  State Univ. of New York 1987.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Riehl, James P.
TITLE        Mirror-image asymmetry : an introduction to the origin and 
               consequences of chirality / James P. Riehl.
IMPRINT      Hoboken, N.J. : Wiley, 2010.
AUTHOR       Eisenbud, Leonard.
TITLE        The conceptual foundations of quantum mechanics / Leonard 
               Eisenbud.
IMPRINT      New York  Van Nostrand Reinhold 1971.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Espagnat, Bernard d'
TITLE        Conceptual foundations of quantum mechanics / Bernard d'Espagnat.
IMPRINT      Menlo Park, Calif.  Benjamin 1971.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Hughes, R. I. G.
TITLE        The structure and interpretation of quantum mechanics / R.I.G. 
               Hughes.
IMPRINT      Cambridge, Mass.  Harvard U.P. 1989.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Singh, Simon.
TITLE        Big bang : the most important scientific discovery of all time 
               and why you need to know about it / Simon Singh.
IMPRINT      London : Harper Perennial,  2005.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Liddle, Andrew R.
TITLE        An introduction to modern cosmology / Andrew Liddle.
IMPRINT      Chichester : Wiley, 1999.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Nozick, Robert.
TITLE        Philosophical explanations / Robert Nozick.
IMPRINT      New York  Doubleday 1981.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Midgley, Mary, 1919-
TITLE        The myths we live by / Mary Midgley.
IMPRINT      London ; New York : Routledge, 2003.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Bergmann, Peter G.
TITLE        The riddle of gravitation / Peter G. Bergmann.
IMPRINT      Herts.  Oahspe 1969.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Davies, P. C. W.
TITLE        Space and time in the modern universe / P.C.W. Davies.
IMPRINT      Cambridge  Cambridge U.P. 1977.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Kivy, Peter.
TITLE        Introduction to a philosophy of music / Peter Kivy.
IMPRINT      Oxford ; New York : Clarendon Press, 2002.
**********************************************************
TITLE        Rebirth of rhetoric : essays in language, culture and education /
               Richard Andrews.
IMPRINT      London  Routledge 
**********************************************************
TITLE        The Oxford book of modern science writing / [edited by] Richard 
               Dawkins.
IMPRINT      Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press, 2008.
**********************************************************
AUTHOR       Roederer, Juan G.
TITLE        Introduction to the physics and psychophysics of music / Juan G. 
               Roederer.
IMPRINT      London  English Universities Press 1973.
**********************************************************
 

Other works by Author – go to www.desgreene.com

©D P Greene 2013

If you'd like to comment on this work -
Email:      des@desgreene.com


Also by Des Greene:

About Time
Couples
Poems From a Life
A Boy
The Island

All are available as ebooks:

www.desgreene.com

www.ibookstore.com

www.amazon.co.uk

www.amazon.com

 
