

Given the chance

by  G. Lusby



Published by Gary Lusby at Smashwords

Copyright 2010 Gary Lusby


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Dedication

This book is dedicated to Michele, with one L, who not only faithfully reads all my books but continues to be my top salesperson.  We spent five wonderful fun-filled years together as photography partners working for Lifetouch National School Studios in Maryland.  I couldn’t have asked for a better partner or a truer friend and continually look back on those five years remembering the car rides, laughter, and fun times we made for each other at each school we visited.  With our strong friendship, professionalism, and wit, we persevered the early mornings, long rides, unorganized schools, and hideous teammates.  This book is dedicated to her and I thank her for all her support and memories.


Chapter 1 -- Kaylee


Kaylee Johanssen can remember how she grew up always loving her boy friends much more than her girl friends.  While all the other little girls were standing in circles on the blacktop playground watching the boys and giggling at their awkward moves, she sat by herself and watched with interest and intensity marveling at their athletic skills.  This of course intrigued the boys who would always wander over to talk with her rather than the more popular giggly girls.
She was probably twelve years old when she really fell head over heels for Jason Thompson who was by far the best looking and most popular boy in their seventh grade class.  All the girls used to get in their clickish groups and chatter about him and what they could do to lure him into their circle of friends, but he wouldn’t fall for it.  First off he was the oldest boy in the class, thirteen going on eighteen, or so he thought, but above that he was by far the most conceited boy in the school, walking the hallways knowing all the girls were looking his way.  Whether it was her uninterested casual glances or the fact that she didn’t hang out with all the giggly girls who were swooning over him, he always seemed to go out of his way to walk past her and say hello.
“Hey Kaylee,” he would always say, never stopping or waiting for an answer, just being his own cool self.
Sometimes she’d respond with a hello of her own but gradually she learned his casual habit and just looked up and smiled without saying a word which seemed to intrigue him even more.  This went on for months with nothing ever materializing between the two of them because she was so shy and he was so wrapped up in himself, but strangely it did lay the groundwork of her personality for years to come.
Kaylee had always been an attractive girl of average height with bright shiny auburn hair that glistened red in the sunshine of the day.  Her large beautiful green eyes mesmerized anyone that talked to her and her glowing smile welcomed everyone she came into contact with, but her cautious and shy nature left her alone most of the time, always on the outside looking in.
Through her growing up years she continually heard comments from her parents and grandparents as to how she was the spitting image of her great-grandmother Kathleen that she was named after.  From her hair color to her bright smile to the completion of her skin, the comments followed her at every family gathering that she participated in.  ‘Kaylee you look so much like your great-grandmother Kathleen’ and ‘Kaylee your personally and characteristics are exactly that of Kathleen’s’, is what they would always say.
Through her high school years she was an extremely popular girl both with the guys and the girls.  She wasn’t athletic enough to join a sport but her rhythm and likeability landed her a spot on the cheerleading squad for three of the four years, a spot that put her into contact with a lot of the jocks both in basketball and football, the two sports she cheered for. 
Kaylee’s big problem though seemed to be getting close to people, allowing her girlfriends and boyfriends to get to know her and letting them inside the four walls she seemed to build around herself.   It wasn’t that she was conceited or unfriendly, it was just that she constantly carried a fear of failure, a fear that any relationships she formed would be short-lived and she would be left alone and disappointed.  This inner fear not only kept her from being invited out with the girls but kept most of her dating relationships short and sweet.
As seems to be the case with most high school guys, especially high maintenance jocks, they’re ultimate goal is to get intimate as quickly as possible to satisfy their surging male hormones, but with Kaylee they found out rather quickly that she wouldn’t stand for the long nights of roving hands and heavy breathing; it was just something she wanted to experience with that special someone that she had ultimate feelings for, not a high school date.  It was because of these lacking relationships that she welcomed the end of high school with its immature boys and airhead girls, welcoming her entrance into college where hopefully the people that surrounded her would be ready for relationships rather than hot dates.
She entered college determined to concentrate on her career aspirations of becoming a public speaker of some sort.  She had always been good with words and even though speaking in front of people made her a little nervous at first, she knew that was perfectly normal and would quickly settle into her speech without skipping a beat.  Even though Kaylee’s strong point was speaking on stage or to a group, her major weakness was being one-on-one with anyone that she wasn’t extremely close to.  Her fear of dejection and of being hurt kept her overly cautious and hesitant to get into the simplest relationship leaving her with a reputation of being shy, withdrawn, or conceited.  But this didn’t bother her because she wasn’t in college to form relationships, she was in college to study and earn her degree; something that no one in her family had ever accomplished.




Chapter 2 -- Brandon


She didn’t like the bar scene, in fact she hated it, but her neighborhood friend Sarah had talked her into joining her at what she called her favorite hangout place and after many demanding phone calls she gave in and joined her.  They were best friends, had been for ten years or so, but were exactly polar opposites in personality.  Sarah was outgoing and vivacious and would think nothing of approaching a guy and hitting on him if she was interested; but Kaylee was different, totally different, she was shy and quiet and could never imagine walking up to a guy and talking before he had approached her first.  It was amazing that they were best friends because of their personality differences, but after years in public school together they had become inseparable regardless of their incompatibilities.  Hardly a day went by that Sarah wouldn’t suggest a place for them to go, someone she should meet, or the perfect guy for her; but Kaylee always held her ground, refusing to give in to her demands, refusing to change her social habits just for Sarah’s sake.
But it was on this one night, after a long evening of studying, a long day of tests, and a quiet restful afternoon, that Kaylee gave in to joining Sarah at one of the local pubs.  One of the reasons she didn’t go out more with Sarah was that she knew within minutes she would be left stranded as Sarah pounced on the first guy that she caught flirting in her direction, and this night was no different.  As usually happened, Sarah said I’ll be right back, I’ve just got to meet this guy, and away she would go.  Kaylee didn’t mind sitting alone to finish her Rum & Coke, it gave her a chance to absorb the surroundings without the constant chatter of Sarah in her left ear.  She loved Sarah to death but she really was a chatterbox that hardly took a breath.
She hated sitting at a bar, it just felt like the kind of thing that guys do or girls that are looking for guys; so she preferred to sit at a table or booth off to the side and out of the mainstream.  Tonight it was a booth and the pub was fairly crowded with students who were also celebrating rigorous days of studies and tests.
Kaylee looked across the room at Sarah and watched as she wiggled into a seat between two guys whose eyes were all over her.  She was amazed at the brashness of Sarah’s personality and wondered how any of her dates amounted to anything more than a romp in the sack with a drunken over-zealous guy.  But, that was Sarah and she loved her regardless.
Everyone was laughing and smiling as their arms were continuously bringing drinks to their mouths to quench their insatiable appetites.  She felt almost out of place yet rather enjoyed having a calming drink by herself and watching the sights of an ordinary college crowd.
Her eyes suddenly focused on a booth across the room that wasn’t overcrowded with laughing drinking students but by a lone guy slowly sipping a drink just like her.  He was gorgeous.  He looked so out of place because he looked like a jock that would naturally be having a roaring good time with his fellow players and the girls that cheered them on.  But then again she thought of herself and how she must look the same from his side of the room.  She was mesmerized and couldn’t take her eyes off of him.  It was the first time since arriving at college that her heart pounded with excitement and the thought of wanting to meet this person entered her mind.
His eyes rose from his glass of beer and caught her looking.  She quickly focused on her drink and knew she dare not look his way again for fear he would catch her and be able to read her mind.  She stared straight down as she wondered if his eyes were looking her way or had it just been a casual moment that their eyes met in a fleeting glance. 
Now she knew if Sarah was sitting beside her she would tell her to immediately get up out of the booth, poise her drink in her hand, and walk right over to his booth and slip in beside him, introducing herself as she drooled over his manliness.  But that wasn’t her and she was content for now just to sit staring at her drink and recalling in her mind exactly what he looked like.  His vision brought a smile to her face and she knew she had to look up again and re-introduce this intriguing stranger to her inner thoughts again.
She slowly looked up from her glass but casually glanced around the bar so as not to look too obvious as she worked her eyes towards his booth.  This time he was not alone.  Two girls were now sitting across from him and the joy of the moment seemed to dim slightly.  The two girls were talking and smiling but he seemed uninterested as he turned and again he glanced over in her direction, this time with a slight smile of approval on his face.  She could feel her face flush red as she again looked down at her glass as she raised it to her mouth to quell the fire inside.
She knew it was time for her to leave, so quickly she finished her drink and looked over towards the booth seeing that Sarah was still sandwiched between two guys who each had their arm around her.  She quickly walked over to the booth, which was about four down from where her eyes so desperately wanted to venture and told Sarah she was heading back to the dorm.  Sarah, and both of the guys, tried to talk her out of leaving but she told them she had a slight headache and just wanted to get out away from the noise and bustle of the pub.
She smiled and turned towards the door keeping her eyes straight ahead as she passed the booth without even a small glance in his direction.  As the door closed behind her she thought to herself how very pitiful she was for not pursuing in some way this guy who made her heart dance the two times she looked his way.  She was probably three steps from the pub when she heard the door open behind her and a voice broke the silence of the outside evening.
“Excuse me, could I talk with you a second.”
She turned ever so slightly looking over her shoulder in the direction of the question to find it was him and his question was directed at her; again she felt her face turn red as she felt the adrenalin in her body begin to pump.  Without saying a word she stopped, turned and faced him as he took two steps towards her.
“Hi, I don’t mean to sound forward and please don’t take this as a flirtatious line, but I just had to tell you that I think you have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen.”
Her heart was pounding so loudly she feared that he could hear it.
“Well thank you,” she said as she smiled, adding the glow of her beautiful white teeth to accentuate her large green eyes.
He held out his hand.
“I’m Brandon, Brandon Curtiss, and it is truly a pleasure to meet the beautiful girl in the booth across the pub.”
“Nice to meet you Brandon,” she answered as she placed her hand in his.  “My name is Kaylee Johanssen and it’s so nice of you to leave your friends just to introduce yourself to me.”
“Well Kaylee Johanssen I just couldn’t let you walk out of the pub and out of my life without at least telling you about those gorgeous eyes.  I was so embarrassed sitting in my booth starring at you but as soon as I saw your eyes I was just fixated on them, like they drew me towards you.  So I just couldn’t let you walk out of my life.”
“I take it we’re both students at the same college so I certainly don’t think I’d be walking out of your life,” she said with a smile as she glanced upward into his deep blue eyes.  There were so many things she wanted to say to him but she knew she couldn’t because she just couldn’t move the words from her heart to her mouth, so she hoped that her eyes would do the talking for her.
“Do you have to leave so soon?  The night is young yet,” he questioned as he cocked his arm for her to grab onto to lead her back into the pub.
“I’m sorry but the pub is just not my scene so I was just heading back to my dorm, but maybe some other time.”
“Then let’s get a coffee down at the Starbucks around the corner.  It’s nice and quiet and we can get to know each other a little better,” he said in his most determined voice.  “Please Kaylee.”
She hesitated because she knew it was against her better judgment, she just knew her heart would be broken at some point in time, but surprisingly she nodded okay as she grabbed his arm.  He led her down the sidewalk and around the corner to a small quaint college Starbucks that was usually bustling with activity during the day but was ever so deserted now.
“I’ve never seen this place so empty,” she said as he held the door open for her to enter.
“It’ll be packed later tonight when everyone leaves the pub and comes here to sober up,” he said with a grin.
They sat down at a small table for two and she was determined to overcome all of her previous self-taught habits of withdrawal and open up to this beautiful guy whom she herself had wanted to meet from the moment she looked his way.
They both ordered lattes and he took the lead introducing himself and encouraging her to do the same.  They enjoyed a pleasant conversation and she was surprised to find out that he was a star quarterback in high school and had been offered a football scholarship to play football, which meant he was probably just another jock with a load of lines to feed her so he could get her into bed, but again she decided to just give him the benefit of the doubt which was totally uncharacteristic of her.  He was amazed at her football knowledge which she derived from her cheerleading experience and invited her to the upcoming game on Saturday as his guest, which she accepted.  He had been a perfect gentleman up to this point and the fact that he was drop-dead gorgeous just helped her in her quick decision.
After about an hour of fabulous conversation he walked her to the door of the shop and they parted ways until Saturday.  She loved the fact that he didn’t try anything, even a small kiss on the cheek, which gave her hope that they could get to know each other and this was someone she could trust and open herself up to.  The walls she kept up around herself were still there and she hesitated with every decision she made, but at least he was someone that she was finally ready to open the gate and let in.




Chapter 3 – The Lodge


Sarah was ecstatic when she found out about Kaylee’s secret admirer and wanted every detail of their first meeting.  It wasn’t long before she was nagging Kaylee to line up a double-date so she could meet this dreamboat and give her final approval, a thought that Kaylee quickly rejected.
Over the next few weeks Kaylee and Brandon saw quite a bit of each other both at the football games and in the evenings over dinner.  He remained the perfect gentleman with every date and it wasn’t until their third dinner date that he suggested a late night drink to end the evening.  They went to a small out of the way tavern on the outskirts of town that was about a four block walk from the campus and sat outside at a small iron table for two on a small patio on the side of the building.  The patio was draped in outdoor canvas with five small candlelit tables on a stone terrace overlooking a small park, quite quaint and romantic.
The first drink went well as the conversation centered on the previous football game and how great the team was playing, but as the second drink arrived Kaylee saw a change coming that brought out her underlying fears.  They were alone on the patio and as they talked she felt his hand drift down as he rested it on her knee and slowly started to progress upward.  She tried to let her heart override her fears as she just moved his hand off of her leg, said no, and continued with the conversation they were having.  But as he leaned over and kissed her on the neck and again put his hand on her leg she knew she was in the exact situation she had always protected herself from.  She abruptly ended the night and never saw him again. 
This was exactly why Kaylee had built walls around her own little world and refused to let anyone inside, the fear of allowing herself to become too close to someone who would ultimately hurt her in the end.  She again let her heart take control of her emotions and again she was led down a path of heartbreak.
The remainder of that semester she kept to herself, kept to her studies, and stayed away from all forms of social life around campus.  Sarah continually begged her to accompany her to the bars, to the parties, to the athletic events, but Kaylee held her ground and stayed within her four walls to study; she had let her guard down for Brandon and she refused to be pulled into that trap again.  She realized that as relationships progress things become more intimate but there was a time and place for everything and she didn’t want a relationship rushed along just to get to the intimate part.
The fall semester ended on a happy note with Kaylee making the Dean’s list accumulating a grade point average of 3.6 which made all of her hard work more than worth it.  After spending a week at home with her family she returned to school and began to prepare for the upcoming winter semester.  
It would be another week before classes started and both she and Sarah had registered for all the classes they wanted and decided to take a little mini-vacation together for three days.  There was a small mountain lodge about three hours west of school that they had read about in the local papers so they called ahead and reserved two rooms.  Kaylee thought it would be better to book two rooms since she and Sarah had vastly different ideas about a quiet getaway.
They started out early the next morning and by ten o’clock were pulling into the driveway of the lodge.  Their travels took them down a long narrow dirt road that swerved and twisted through the giant surrounding evergreen trees.  They both laughed as they wondered what they would possibly do if they ran into another car on this road that was barely wide enough for one car.  As they steered around a large group of oak trees the area opened up and there in front of them was a paved oval driveway that led up to the magnificent lodge.
It was a majestic site and looked just like it was plucked out of a Swiss Alps location and plopped down in the middle of the woods.  It sat high as both sides of the long white and brown building formed round towers that bolted into the pointed roof at the top.
“Do you believe this place,” said Kaylee as they slowly approached the entrance.
“I hope our rooms are in those high towers, I bet the view is breathtaking,” answered Sarah as she pulled the car over in front of the large brown canopy that led to the double-doored entrance.
They were greeted by a doorman who took both of their bags and led them into the lobby that was just as majestic as the outside.
“If I could have your car keys I’ll park your car just outside your room entrance,” he said as he laid both of their bags at the check-in desk.
Sarah gave him the keys, they registered at the desk, and within minutes he returned her keys and picked up their bags to show them to their rooms.
They were led across the stone covered floor to the elevator and whisked up to the fourth floor tower.  Sitting their bags outside each of the rooms he welcomed them to the lodge and told them to not hesitate calling if they needed anything at all.
As he disappeared from site they giggled at his suave sexy accent and decided to investigate each room together.
Opening the door to Kaylee’s room, number 4T, they walked in and were taken with the size of each room.  They entered into a large sitting room with a mammoth fifteen-foot ceiling that rose up to an all wooden planked ceiling.  That led to a small kitchen area with a window-filled sitting area that overlooked the entire wooded valley below.
“Oh my god Sarah, look at this view.”
The entire place was filled with beautiful decorations and paintings that fit perfectly in with the theme of this quaint Swiss getaway.  They walked down a short hallway to a round bedroom filled with Victorian furniture including a king-size four poster bed.  Opposite the bed was a set of double doors that opened to a balcony with a small table and two chairs.  They opened the doors and walked out.
“Kaylee this is just unbelievable.  Look at this view.  I’m almost afraid to look down we’re so high up above those trees.”
The entire place was magnificent beyond belief and seemed the perfect place to just get away for a few days before the grueling new semester started.
They raced over to Sarah’s room, number 5T, to find the exact layout that Kaylee had which made them both happy that one room wasn’t better than the other.  As they separated to unpack they were both full of excitement that this place was far beyond their wildest dream, especially for the off-season price that they paid.
Unpacking and freshening up only took a short time as they met again in the hallway to go down to the restaurant for a nice brunch.  The small dimly lit room was filled with about twenty dark wooden tables covered in red table cloths with Swiss Alp paintings lining the walls.  There were two other couples seated at tables off to the left so they sat at a table on the right side.  A young handsome waiter dressed in his best Swiss outfit and offering his best European accent took their orders for breakfast as they both sighed with delight as they watched him walk away.
To Kaylee’s delight, the next two days were filled with healthy walks thru the paths of the surrounding woods, restful afternoons laying in bed with the double doors open and the cool breeze filling the room, and evenings of a few drinks at the small European pub complete with a three-man band who played a ukulele, an accordion, and a small piano, not the kind of bands they were used to but perfect for the moment.  But it was a relaxing time which is what she feared she wouldn’t have with Sarah accompanying her.
Sarah was the only person that Kaylee allowed to get close to her which was so unusual given her habits and personality which were the total opposite of Kaylee’s.  But they do say that opposites get along much better so their friendship was a close one and most importantly they both understood the other’s likes and dislikes and respected that.  By the end of the second day they were both so mellow and comfortable that they dreaded the thought of ever leaving and getting back to their previous life as college freshman.




Chapter 4 – The Letter


Sarah and Kaylee ended their second evening with a European massage and stone treatment followed by two drinks in the pub.  It was the perfect ending to a day filled with horseback riding, a swim in the indoor pool, and a hilarious game of horseshoes that had them laughing so much their sides hurt.
They retired early to their rooms to call home and just relax while reading and watching television.  They each called home a number of times since they arrived just to relay to their parents and friends what this magnificent place was like and promising to bring them along the next time to experience this wonderful hideaway in the mountains.
Kaylee relaxed on her bed with the doors to the balcony open and the cool gentle breeze of the night whisking through her room.  Being four stories up and overlooking the thick forest below was what made this room so wonderful, knowing that she could open the doors and windows without fearing someone could get in or look in as she traveled through the room in just her under garments.
She decided she was just too tired to watch television so she lay on the bed reading a book she had started while at the pool earlier that day.  It didn’t take long for her to drift off sound asleep, the book falling off to her side.
After a few hours she sat up in bed pushing herself off to one side of the king-size bed.  The moonlight of the evening lit up her room but she reached over and clicked on the small light on the nightstand beside her bed.  She hadn’t remembered falling asleep while reading but she knew she was awakened by someone or something in bed beside her.  She knew she must have been dreaming and smiled to herself as she saw the book lying beside her and figured that’s what she felt beside her while asleep.   She was slightly out of breath though and her heart was pounding just as it had when she first saw Brandon, a heartbeat of excitement that echoed inside her body.  Her body was filled inside with the heat of the moment as she shook her head and smiled thinking she must have had a fabulous dream.  She decided to get up and get a drink of water before trying to go back to sleep and slightly close the doors since the room was a little chilly from the outside breeze.
As she pushed the doors a little closer together and turned for the kitchen she noticed a piece of paper pushed under her door from the brightly lit hallway.  Reaching down she pulled it all the way in and walked over to the kitchen to get a glass and have a small sip of wine which she knew would help her go back to sleep.  She assumed the note was from Sarah who probably had knocked lightly but didn’t want to wake her up so had just left a note.
Unfolding the letter she started to read.

My Beautiful Kate,
My dreams have finally come true and you have returned to Wisteria to cast your beauty upon my eyes once more.  I have waited so very long to be with you again as my fear that you would never return has been cast aside.  Seeing you these past few nights has rekindled the flame within me that burns throughout my body when I think only of you.

Kaylee stopped reading and lowered the letter as a puzzled look masked her face.  Who the hell is Kate and what is this all about, she thought; what is this person talking about, it must be a joke of some sort.  It just has to be!  She smiled and shook her head as she continued to read.

When I first saw you enter the room my heart skipped a beat because I had given up hope that we would be together like this again.  But here you are.  You’ve taken the time to drive here to spend these days with me and you can’t imagine how very much this means to me, to us.  Thinking how far away you are in Madison Springs I was devastated and thought it might be the end of our relationship that you’d move on and forget we ever fell in love.

Again she stopped reading and looked out into the moonlit room.  What is going on she thought, this isn’t the kind of joke Sarah would take the time to write and no one here knows I go to college and used to live in Madison Springs; but it just has to be Sarah, she’s the only one who knows those things.  Again she smiled and shook her head as she sipped her wine and continued with the letter.

Just seeing you here in our room and being next to you and feeling the flutter of your heart sends shivers down my spine just as it used to.  I’ve never stopped loving you and feared so many times that we would never be together again, that you would forget me and forget our love and passion.  When you spoke of Brandon my heart sunk to an all time low.

Now wait a minute, she thought, Sarah is the only one who knows about Brandon, I didn’t tell her the details of how I felt when I first saw him.  And no one in this entire place knows where I live or that I ever met a guy named Brandon.  This is unreal.  She read on.

I will end this letter for now knowing in my heart that you have returned to me because you love me as you always have.  Our love is undeniable and my only request is that you return to my side as soon as you can.  I will be here waiting for you as I always have, in love with only you Kate.
All my love forever and a day,  Austin

“Austin, who the hell is Austin?  This is a joke for sure but I just can’t imagine how Sarah found out all these things about me.  Oh well, I’ll solve the mystery in the morning, I’ve got to get some sleep.”
Kaylee folded the letter, finished her wine, and returned to the bedroom.  She moved the book off the bed so as not to disturb her again and pulled the sheets up around her shoulders as she flipped the light off and closed her eyes.  She knew she had a mystery to figure out but also knew it was a wild joke and Sarah would confess the next day.  She smiled and drifted off to sleep.




Chapter 5 – A Mystery


Kaylee was up bright and early, showered, dressed and tapping on Sarah’s door before eight o’clock.
“What in the world are you doing up and about this early in the morning,” asked Sarah as she moved back from the door to let Kaylee in.  “This is our last day here and I thought we’d sleep in some since we’ll be getting up early tomorrow morning to head back to school.”
“I just wanted to let you know that your little gimmick last night didn’t work,” replied Kaylee as she strolled in the room shutting the door behind her.
“What are you talking about,” Sarah asked as she looked into the wall mirror while wiping sleep from her eyes.
“I’m talking about this stupid letter you shoved under my door last night.  The letter from my long lost lover Austin, it wasn’t too cute and it didn’t fool me for a minute into thinking I had a secret admirer waiting in the hallway.”
“Kaylee sweetheart I don’t have the foggiest idea what you’re talking about.  Someone shoved a letter under your door last night?”
Kaylee shook her head as she held out the letter for Sarah to see.
Reading the letter without hesitation Sarah was astounded at its content.
“Kaylee this was not from me, I couldn’t make this up or write like this if I tried, and besides, it must be some mistake, it probably was meant for another room for a girl named Kate,” she said as she sat down on the sofa and re-read the letter out loud.  “Sweetheart this is a beautifully written letter and I would definitely want to meet the guy who wrote this…wouldn’t you?”
“You’re not teasing me, you didn’t do this Sarah?”
Sarah shook her head as she passed the letter back to Kaylee and continued to defend herself from the accusation.
“No, I didn’t, and like I said it probably wasn’t even meant for you, it was meant for some girl named Kate that is probably in the same room number but on a different floor somewhere.  Has anyone ever called you Kate before?”
“A few of my older relatives always call me that, like my grandmother.”
“Why does she call you Kate instead of Kaylee?”
“I think my mom said it was my great-grandmothers nickname.  Her real name was Katherine but everyone called her Kate for short.  Anyway, she always says how much I look like her mother, so she always calls me Kate, and that’s okay.”
“Well since no one else calls you that I think it’s probably a mistake and the letter was meant for someone else,” she said shrugging her shoulders.
“No but wait Sarah,” Kaylee said as she looked down at the letter again scanning its contents, “it mentions me living in Madison Springs which is where my grandparents live; that’s just too coincidental don’t you think?”
“Sure is but I still think it’s a coincidence.”   
“I guess you’re right,” Kaylee answered as she folded the letter and set it in her lap.  “But if you didn’t do it then who did?  I mean the only guys we’ve run into around here in two days has been the guy who brought our bags up to our room, the waiter in the lounge, and the guy who saddled up our horses, and none of them even so much as flirted with us.”
“I know,” said Sarah smugly, “and I really wouldn’t have given any of them the time of day.  I mean the waiter was kind of cute with his accent and cute little booty, but you know if I didn’t flirt with him then he wasn’t too interesting,” she said as she laughed about herself.
Kaylee thought for a moment and then just about screamed a reply.
“But Sarah, the letter mentioned Brandon and no one here would know anything about Brandon except you.  I mean I’m not accusing you again, I believe you, but there’s absolutely no way anyone knew about him or even that we were from college, and I know you didn’t talk to anyone else because we were together night and day the whole time, plus I know you wouldn’t do that.”
“My god you’re right.  How would anyone know that stuff about you?”
“I don’t know,” said Kaylee as she scrunched up in her chair pulling her legs up close to her and wrapping her arms tightly around them, “but just thinking about it all gives me the creeps.  You know I actually woke up in the middle of the night feeling like someone was in bed with me; that’s when I got up to get a drink and saw the letter under the door.”
“How in the world could you go back to sleep after finding that letter,” Sarah asked as she went back to the mirror primping again.
“I just laughed when I read it because I thought it was a joke from you.  I thought maybe you couldn’t sleep so you came to my door and tried to wake me and when you couldn’t you just concocted this letter for a joke.”
“Boy you must think I’m a sick puppy?”
They both laughed as Kaylee left the room so they could both get ready for breakfast and the last day of their stay before heading back to school the next morning.
They had a full day planned for themselves as they played two rounds of miniature golf and once again went for a horseback ride through the yellow meadows beside the lake.
“After lunch we’ve got to get one of those canoes at the boathouse and paddle around that lake for a while.  I’ve never been in a canoe before,” yelled Sarah as she trotted swiftly past Kaylee.
The two of them raced towards the stables arriving in a virtual tie before heading towards the lodge to eat lunch.  They briefly ran up to their rooms, freshened up, did a quick change of clothes and met back down at the entrance to the restaurant.  There they were greeted by the familiar face of the cute waiter who briskly seated them by the windows overlooking the lake they planned to canoe on in the afternoon.
“He is kind of cute ya’ know,” snapped Sarah as she watched him walk away after giving them their menus.
Kaylee just rolled her eyes as she closed her menu and stared out over the lake.  Her eyes were fixated on the clear still sheet of water as she thought about the letter and who could have written it.
“Hello, earth to Kaylee,” said Sarah as she snapped her fingers in front of Kaylee’s face.
Kaylee snapped out of her trance and turned to find the waiter standing beside her waiting for her order.
“May I take your order,” he asked as he smiled while slowly shifting his eyes from her face to her blouse and back again.
“Yes I’ll have the club sandwich,” she answered as she shyly looked away and glanced towards Sarah.
“Thank you both,” he said, “I’ll bring your drinks right out.”
“Did you see the way he looked you up and down,” asked Sarah as she reached for her purse and took out a small mirror to primp herself.
“He looked you over the same way.”
“I know but he stared at you longer because you’re showing more cleavage than I am,” she said with a giggly snicker.
“Maybe he’s just getting back at us because we stared at his cute little tush so much the other night,” she laughed back.
They finished their meal and headed out to lakeside where they took a canoe and paddled out to the center of the huge lake that was nestled between the lodge and a large wooded mountain.  It was ridiculous the amount of time it took them to reach the middle since Sarah knew absolutely nothing about paddling a canoe.  They roared in laughter as they headed in a zigzag path towards the center as Kaylee constantly yelled at Sarah to row on the other side so they could stay in a straight line.  Finally reaching the center they laid their paddles in the boat and just relaxed while they glided around fueled by the warm gentle breeze of the afternoon.
“Ya’ know, it’s really scary to me thinking about this letter and knowing someone was just outside my room with me asleep inside; and on top of that, it’s driving me crazy knowing that they know all about me.”
“I know,” answered Sarah, “its creepy just thinking about someone lurking out in the hallway late at night.  Would you feel better if we both slept in the same room tonight?”
“No I don’t think we need to do that,” she replied as she stared out over the quiet serene lake.  “I probably won’t sleep real well tonight but it’ll probably be because I’m thinking about the letter more than thinking someone may be lurking around.  I’ll be okay, but thanks anyway.”
They drifted around the lake for the better part of the afternoon just talking about their classes, their professors, what they were had planned for the semester break, and guys of course; although throughout the afternoon the letter came up again and again as they both tried to solve the mystery of the enchanted stranger.




Chapter 6 – A Visitor


Kaylee and Sarah returned to classes and spent the better part of the next month discussing the letter as they tried desperately to come up with an explanation for its contents.  In fact, the letter became such a popular part of their everyday lives that Kaylee framed the letter in a gold frame and hung it on her dormitory wall for all to see.  Every guest that entered her room was drawn to the letter and the eerie story of how it came to be and the lingering unsolved mystery behind it.
Three weekends would go by before Kaylee decided she had to go back to the lodge to see if another clue could be added to her enchanting puzzle.  Sarah had some pretty heavy tests coming up that next week so against her better judgment she decided to stay at the dorms and study.  Travelling to the lodge alone didn’t faze Kaylee in the least so as soon as her Friday afternoon class was over she hopped in her car and headed out on the three hour trip.
She drove nonstop arriving at the lodge just after six in the evening and after checking in to her same room, 4T in the tower, she headed down to the restaurant to reward her starving stomach.  Her eyes were definitely bigger than her belly as she could barely finish half of the steak dinner and asked that the remainder be wrapped up for her to take back to the room to snack on later.  She just knew she’d be up half the night pondering the mystery and trying to catch a glimpse of some shadowy footprints passing in front of her closed door.
It was almost one in the morning that she finally put her book down, stared intently at the crack of light beneath her door, and decided she had enough of the waiting game and needed her sleep.  She quickly jumped out of bed to make sure the windows and doors were locked then snuggled up under the sheets for what she hoped to be a good night’s rest.
It was about three-thirty when she jerked herself up in the bed and reached over to quickly turn on the nightstand light.  Her body was shaking and sweaty as she gained control of her consciousness and rationalized what her inner body was feeling.  She was breathing heavy, almost out of breath, as she looked around the room searching for a figure in the night because she just knew for a fact that someone had been beside her in bed.  Someone had their arm around her shoulders and awakened her by kissing her on the neck.  She reached up with her hand and rubbed her neck in the exact spot that she knew she had felt someone’s warm lips touching her.  She again searched the room with her eyes as she clicked the nightlight a notch higher to provide more light in the room.  She was without a doubt alone in the room.
Her hands were shaking as she continued to breathe fast as she glanced over at the pillow beside her that was puffy when she went to sleep but was now sunk in from the imprint of someone’s head lying on it.  She quickly got out of bed and walked over to the door checking the lock to make sure it was still secure, which it was.  She walked over to the soft plush oversize chair that sat beside the double doors and curled up in it staring intently at the empty bed that she had just left.  
It must have been a dream but she just knew that it wasn’t.  She knew that no dream could feel that real and cause her body to react the way it had reacted to the warmness of another body pressed against hers.  She pulled her legs closer towards her body as she wrapped herself up tightly in the chair, her security blanket for the moment.
It took her almost an hour to calm her mind and body down before she felt comfortable enough to climb back under the sheets and turn the lights out, convinced that she had just had the most realistic dream of her life.
Sleeping in the next morning was automatic for Kaylee as it wasn’t until almost ten o’clock before she rolled over and looked at the clock for the first time.  The morning sun that usually enters her room early in the dawn of the morning and wakes her up was filtered from her eyes by the curtains she had drawn to mask any ideas of peering eyes even though she was on the fourth floor; she was taking no chances when it came to her privacy this time.
As she yawned, stretched, and rolled out of bed, it only took a brief second for the reality of her revisit to the lodge to again come to the forefront.  As her feet hit the floor and she rose to walk to the bathroom she immediately noticed a white piece of folded paper laying half under her door and half in the room; another note had been delivered during the night.
After hesitating in place for what seemed like minutes she walked to the door, gathered the note, and retired to her favorite soft chair to read its contents.  She looked intently at the folded letter which seemed to be the same size and structure as the first note she had received.  She whisked it past her nose to see if she could detect any familiar scents but the smell of paper was the only scent.  She tapped it on her finger for a second somehow pondering whether she should open and read it or just discard it in the waste can and be done with this ridiculous mystery; yet she knew she wouldn’t be able to get through the day without knowing what this added to the ensuing list of strange occurrences.  And so, she opened it.

My Dearest Kate,
I am so very happy and intrigued by your return to Wisteria which proves to me that just as I can’t live without you, you in turn cannot live without me.  Each time you leave whether it’s just to get a club sandwich at the restaurant, paddle in the lake, or take a horseback ride, I miss you so terribly and cannot wait for your return to our room.  My heart is broken every time you leave to return to college, yet I know you will soon return to rekindle our love and energize the spark in my heart.  A heart that melts with your beauty and yearns to lie beside you each night we are together.

She paused from her reading and looked back towards the bed that had awakened her last night.  She shuttered to think that it wasn’t a dream, that someone really did kiss her on the neck and woke her, but she knew in her own realistic mind that there was no one there; it was a dream and that was that.  She shook her head again and continued.

There are times throughout the night that I can’t believe you’re really lying there beside me, but then I lean over and kiss you on the neck and the warmth of your smooth skin reassures me that you are truly there.

Again Kaylee paused in disbelief at what she was reading as she again reached up and rubbed her hand against her neck.  This proves that her awakening last night was not a dream but reality; someone was in fact in her room in her bed and kissed her on the neck.  The fear of the realization terrified her as she finished the letter.

I think about you constantly while you are away and know that you think of me also.  Just the fact that you have my first letter framed on the wall in your room at college assures me that I am in your thoughts throughout your day.
I patiently wait for the day that the two of us can be together forever, you and I as one, for eternity.
All my love forever and a day, Austin

Her heart skipped a beat as she read the end of the letter adding to the mystery of how this person knew about the framed letter on her wall at college.  She was now completely baffled by the whole thing and eager to just get out of her room and out of the lodge.  She swiftly threw her belongings into her duffle bag, checked the room to make sure she didn’t leave anything, and headed down to the lobby.  Stopping by the front desk she informed them that she suspected she had an intruder in her room last night and inquired about other keys that were available.  They assured her that the key cards used for every room were changed with ever guest and that other than her key card there was only one master card that could be used for any room and that was held by them and the cleaning person.  They asked her to wait while they checked their computer system which shows all access times to each room every time a key card is swiped.  After a few minutes they produced a printout which showed her swiping her card to get into the room at six-ten when she initially arrived and then again at seven forty-five when she returned to her room after dinner.  There were no other swipes of the card the rest of the night.
They apologized to her for what she thought might have been an intruder but were very satisfied that no one had entered her room except her.  They said the system is foolproof and no one could enter the room without using a key card specifically coded for her room which would have shown on the computer.
Kaylee didn’t argue with them but left the lodge more confused than ever as to what happened the night before.  She just knew she had felt someone beside her and knew that someone touched her on the neck waking her up.  She had convinced herself that it was all a dream but the letter proved that wrong, it proved that this person did in fact get into her room and lay beside her.
The entire drive back to college she went over the facts in her mind time and time again.  This person knows what she does at college, knows what she does when she’s up at the lodge, and has left her two notes to prove those facts.  But she wondered why the notes were left under the door as if pushed under from the hallway instead of just left in her room on the nightstand if this person did in fact get into the room.  Maybe it’s just a coincidence that she felt like someone kissed her and he mentioned it in a letter; maybe it’s just something he would have liked to have done so he wrote that.  But that’s just too weird, she thought…but that just has to be true.  How could someone have kissed her on the neck and then disappeared out of the room without her seeing him.  She woke up startled as soon as she felt the kiss, so how anyone could have jumped out of bed, open and closed the door that quickly without her seeing is impossible!  It just had to be a dream.




Chapter 7 – The Plan


Sarah greeted her when she arrived back at the dorm and Kaylee immediately filled her in on her new adventure.  Sarah couldn’t shed any light on the mystery as the two of them together pondered the strange letters from the admirer that seemed to know everything.
The story of Kaylee and her admirer spread rapidly through her network of friends, especially with Sarah as the lead gossiper, and before long it was the topic of conversation wherever she went.  Hey Kaylee, how’s Austin doing, or Hey Kaylee, when do you plan on getting together with dreamboat Austin again soon, were the popular questions thrown at her each and every day.  It didn’t really bother her a lot because she knew it was all said in jest, but it kept the situation at the forefront of her mind with everyone bringing it up constantly.  People that she didn’t even know were knocking on her dorm door to see the famous letters that they had heard so much about; it was nerve-racking but then again very funny, especially to Sarah.
There were many theories brought forth by her friends, from an admirer at the college following her to the lodge and hiding out in her room, to someone at the lodge taking a liking to her and investigating her every move, to Sarah planning the whole thing, to a ghost from the past haunting the room and falling in love with her.  Kaylee got a laugh out of most of the suggestions, but deep inside it scared her to think that any of the ideas were true.  To think that someone could be lurking around and following her made her crazy as she looked over her shoulder everywhere she went.  She laughed to herself as she caught herself because she just didn’t believe any of the ideas people were coming up with.  Who would possibly go through all that trouble just to get her attention, especially traveling three hours away to do it when they could just approach her on campus?  And she definitely didn’t believe that anyone was hiding in her room because she felt she would know that immediately, she had that hidden sense of knowing that someone is watching her.
She had made up her mind that since the letters were tucked under her door from the hallway that someone was obviously aware of her travels and had found out numerous personal things about her; but she didn’t believe that anyone was in her room, she just chalked that off to a dream sequence.
So, her next plan was to go up to the lodge the following weekend, unannounced to anyone, and stay in another room other than 4T in the tower.  She didn’t even plan on telling Sarah, she just told her she was visiting a friend for the weekend in Cooperstown and she would call and check in when she arrived.  She didn’t want to just disappear and scare everyone, especially if her mom called the room and Sarah didn’t know where she was.
As she finished her last class Friday, she jumped into her car that she had packed the night before, and headed out, repeatedly looking in her rearview mirror to see if anyone was following her.  She was afraid she had become paranoid with these someone’s following you suggestions, but didn’t want to take any speculations for granted; she just felt she couldn’t be too careful.
She arrived at the lodge fearful that without a reservation she might not be able to get the room she wanted which was Sarah’s room 5T; but her fears were quelled as she was given her room of choice and carried her own bag upstairs.  Entering the room, which was exactly like 4T only a mirror image with everything being reversed, she laughed to herself again as she took the time to check every nook and cranny of the room for that hidden person or unknown visitor.  The room was clear and after unpacking a little bit and making sure all the windows and balcony doors were locked tight from the inside, she proceeded down to the restaurant to get dinner.
The cute little waiter recognized her immediately and asked where her friend was this time.
“She’s not hungry, so I’m eating alone tonight,” was her answer since she didn’t want anyone to know she was alone this time.  She was determined not to take any chances in her plan to disprove many of the suggestions from her college friends.
She ordered her favorite club sandwich and glass of white zinfandel wine and slowly ate as she watched every move of everyone in sight.  She again chuckled to herself as she felt like Sherlock Holmes breaking down every movement of anyone around her; but again, that was her purpose in the visit and she didn’t want to leave anything in question.
She finished her meal and a second glass of wine before buying a magazine at the desk and heading back up to her room for the night.  Once there, she again did a thorough investigation of the room and the locks just to make sure nothing had changed since her last look.  Everything remained the same as before.
Her evening was a boring one filled with lying in bed looking through her new magazine and watching her favorite reality shows on TV.  While lying there she gazed around the room just taking in every inch of the medium sized room and thinking to herself that there wouldn’t be many places for a person to hide anyway.  Inside the closet was one place, under the bed was another, and besides hiding in the bathroom that was about it except for hiding on the balcony or wrapping yourself up in the curtains.  
She tried again to stay up as late as she could so she could keep an eye on the front door and spot any notes being shoved under the door, but as midnight approached she drifted off and before long was sound asleep.  
She had a restful night and didn’t wake up once for any reason, especially a kiss on the neck or sweaty heavy-breathing episodes.  As she awoke she immediately set her sights on the front door seeing that there was nothing at all under it this time.  Looking around the room she saw nothing out of the ordinary but still proceeded to check every inch of the room to make sure nothing had changed from the evening before.
Her plans were to spend the entire day in her room studying for midterm exams that she would have to face once she returned.  Besides just one change of clothes, her duffel bag was filled with books that would fill her mind with all the details she needed to absorb for those grueling tests.
Once Kaylee showered and dressed for the day, she went down to the restaurant for a big breakfast to start her day off right.  Once finished she grabbed a couple of pieces of fruit to get her through the long day of studying and headed back up to the room for the day.  It was a beautiful spring day outside with plenty of sunshine, temperatures in the seventies, and a nice little breeze to make it even more perfect.  She hated to be inside and miss such a beautiful day so she did most of her studying on the balcony where she could get as much sunshine as she possibly could.  She took frequent breaks from the drudgery of the books to call home, call Sarah, and watch a little bit of sports on the TV.  Her extra-curricular activities in high school as a cheerleader got her hooked on football and even though she didn’t cheer in college, she followed the football games of all of her favorite teams either in person or on television.
Early in the evening she took a break to get dinner, a hot meal this time, her favorite was hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy smothering the whole thing.  She usually tried to watch her diet and eat sensibly but every now and then she splurged and treated herself to something really special and after a full day trapped inside studying she figured she deserved a treat.  After dinner she decided that if nothing happened in the room that night then she would stay one more night and switch to her original room, 4T, to see if anything materialized there.  Asking at the desk, she was told that another couple was currently in 4T but they would be checking out by nine in the morning and that she could have the room for one night after it was cleaned and prepped for her.  They were curious as to why she wanted to switch but she just told them it was her usual room, that she liked the view from the balcony better and it wasn’t available when she checked in on Friday, which she knew now was probably true.
Retiring to her room with yet another magazine to pass the evening away, she spent as much time out on the balcony as she could before she locked everything up tight and this time just went to bed early since she was dead tired from a long day in the books.
She slept soundly again but this time was awakened at about two in the morning by a loud sound from the hallway.  Jumping out of bed she went to the locked door and unlocking it peered out to see a waiter taking a tray of dirty plates from outside the room beside her, probably room service she thought.  Pouring herself a drink of water she climbed back into bed but this time had a hard time getting back to sleep, finally dozing off for the rest of the night.
Even with the curtains fully closed the morning sun shone through and right into her eyes waking her up.  As she did the morning before, she sat up in bed and looked around the room to make there were no surprises to greet her, and there wasn’t, no notes, nothing.
She took a nice long hot shower and after dressing went down for a big breakfast.  She really looked forward to a big breakfast when she was away from school because even though it was one of her favorite meals, she hardly ever had time to walk over to the cafeteria at school which was a good two blocks away; so eggs and pancakes were a welcome treat.
While eating she contemplated the entire situation and wondered if maybe this whole letter thing was a bad joke gone wrong by Sarah or some of her friends and they just didn’t have the guts to admit the truth to her.  Nothing had happened since she came up here by herself and maybe not telling anyone else was what she needed to prove what she really believed in the first place, that Sarah was at least behind most of the trick.  Anyway, she’d switch rooms tonight just to prove to herself that it wasn’t just room 4T.




Chapter 8 – Dan


Kaylee finished breakfast and decided to use the rest of the morning to take a nice long walk through the wooded trails to pass the time  until her new room was ready.  It was a breath of fresh air to be out on this gorgeous day just getting some much needed exercise after pigging out on two of her favorite meals and just sitting around on her butt studying the day before.
Casually strolling the walking path, she first ran into a young couple walking the opposite direction.  They said hello and as she passed she turned around and watched as they glided hand-in-hand down the path obviously so much in love with not a care in the world.  She wondered if maybe they were on their honeymoon or maybe just a couple that ran away for the weekend just to be alone and away from the hustle and bustle of the daily world.  After watching them drift out of sight she turned back around and was startled as she was walking directly into the path of a guy jogging towards her.
“Oops, sorry,” she said as she side-stepped out of the way.
“Not a problem,” the young man said as he slowed his pace down and stopped beside her.  “Do you always walk these paths backwards?”
“No I’m sorry, I just wasn’t watching where I was going,” she answered with a smile and a giggle.
“Well it’s just not every day that I run these paths and almost bump into a beautiful woman such as you.”
She felt her face flush red with embarrassment.
“Well thank you very much for the nice compliment.”
“I can’t imagine a beautiful girl like you being up here at the lodge alone and especially walking unaccompanied on a beautiful day like today.  Would you mind if I joined you for the rest of your walk?  You never know when some large furry animal might dart out of the woods and pounce down on you, so you do need some protection.”
She laughed and figured, why not.
“Sure you can protect me from the ravages of the jungle.”
He turned and joined her in her leisurely stride.
“My name is Dan Franklin and I’m happy to meet you……”
“Kaylee,” she answered.
“Well nice to meet you Kaylee and thank you for letting me join you on your walk.”
“Well you’re welcome Dan Franklin, but only because I may need some protection, nothing more.”
“I guess that means maybe you are up here with someone, right?”
“Well yes, but it’s my girl friend Sarah.  She’s back at the room studying and I’m just out here walking off some of the big breakfast I had earlier.”
“I thought I saw you night before last leaving the restaurant by yourself,” he asked as he jumped in front of her and walked backwards looking at her.
“Now you just criticized me for walking backwards on the path and now you’re doing the same thing.  Anyway, yes that was me.  My girlfriend isn’t much of an eater or walker so she leaves all of those activities to me.”
“Well maybe that means that she won’t be having dinner with you tonight so maybe, just maybe, I could talk you into having dinner with me tonight?”
She hesitated as she laughed watching him walk backwards in front of her.
“Aahh, now hesitation means maybe I have a chance.  Please Kaylee?  Why spend another night eating alone at a table by yourself when you could have the company of a very nice guy to talk to?  Please?”
“Okay I tell you what.  No promises but if she doesn’t want to have dinner again tonight then I’ll meet you down at the restaurant at, say six?”
“Fantastic and I promise I won’t bore you with stories about myself and how I saved another girl from the furry creatures of the walking path or pulled them to safety from the jaws of a savage beast.”
She laughed as they made the turn towards the lodge, walked in the entrance, and she bid him farewell for the afternoon.
She walked straight to the desk to get the key to her new room and pointed towards the guy as he walked down another hallway away from them.
“Can I ask you if he is in fact a guest here?” she asked the clerk.
“Yes ma’am he is.”
“May I ask what his first name is?”
“Yes ma’am it’s Daniel, he’s a frequent visitor here at the lodge.”
She thanked him and went up to her room watching ever so carefully that no one, including Dan, was watching her.  She didn’t want to take any chances that he had anything whatsoever to do with what had been happening to her at the lodge.  She gathered her belongings and went from room 5T to room 4T, going through the same routines in her new room that she had done the previous two nights.  The new room was in fact clear and her mind was again at ease.
After turning in her old key card at the desk she returned to her room and retired to the new balcony to continue her studying as she had the day before.  She had only one subject left to study and spent the entire afternoon reading and quizzing herself on her final subject matter.  It was important for her to do great on these midterm tests so that she could relax a little and try to enjoy the second half of the term even though her mind was constantly being pulled in the direction of the lodge.
She found her mind wandering back to Dan and trying to fit him into the puzzle that had surrounded her for so many weeks now.  Was meeting him just a coincidence or had someone planned it that way?  Her mind drifted back and forth as she thought hard about all the details of their meeting and wondered if maybe it was a mistake to even talk to him in the first place.  But as the afternoon dwindled away she convinced herself that it was a coincidence and having dinner with him was not a big deal.  In fact she was looking forward to having someone to talk with after two lonely nights of just talking to herself.
She changed back into the other set of clothes that Dan hadn’t seen and went down to the restaurant to meet him.  He was already seated at a table for two in the back corner of the room overlooking the lake in the back.  He smiled when he looked up and spotted her approaching the table.
“Fantastic,” he said as he got up from his chair while she sat down, “I’m really glad your friend didn’t decide to join you for dinner and you took me up on my invitation.”
“Only because of your charming smile and the fact that I’m getting tired of just talking to my food instead of a real person.”
He laughed with delight as the waiter approached their table with two menus in hand.
“I’ll take a Coors Light bottle with a cold glass and the lady will have a chilled glass of white zinfandel.”
His statement almost froze Kaylee in her tracks as she paused surprisingly and stared him straight in the eyes.  How could he know what she drinks?
Before she could say a word he answered her question.
“Before you got here I asked the waiter what you had to drink the last two nights you were in here, so no, I don’t have ESP.”
“Okay,” she answered as the startled look disappeared from her face, “I thought maybe you had been spying on me or something.”
“No I don’t spy on people, I just wanted to be able to order what you like, nothing more.  By the look on your face I thought maybe a ghost was standing behind me,” he said with a laugh.
“It just startled me, that’s all.  Anyway, thank you for the invitation and for once I’m happy that Sarah wasn’t hungry again tonight.”
“Well thank you, I’ll take that as a compliment,” he responded as the waiter brought their two drinks.
“Well cheers to Sarah for being a party-pooper again,” Dan said as he raised his glass in a toast.
“Cheers to Sarah,” she said with a smile as they clinked their glasses together.
Kaylee’s biggest fear was that he would start delving into her past and want to know information about her or why she was at the lodge in the first place, but to her surprise so far it was a very pleasant two-hour dinner filled with laughter and just plain one-on-one talk.
“So Kaylee, why are you and your girlfriend Sarah up here at the lodge by yourselves on this beautiful weekend,” he asked, to re-initiate her fears.
“We’re both from college and are up here studying for our midterm finals next week.  We wanted to get away from campus and just relax in a totally different atmosphere and some friends of ours knew about this place so we figured we’d give it a try.”
“And are you glad you did?”
“Sure, it’s really peaceful up here and that’s just what we needed before we go back and hit the exams.  So what brings you to this part of the country,” she asked to shift the talk away from her and onto him.
“I live about two hours north of here and come here whenever I can to relax, get some much needed exercise, and enjoy the peaceful countryside.  I’m a computer software analyst with a large firm and spend the better part of my life cooped up in front of a desk in the middle of the corporate world so this is the outlet that I need to keep my sanity.”
“So obviously you’re up here by yourself?”
“Yes, it’s my way of escaping from everything back home.  I’m single and I’m not really seeing anyone at this time…well, I should say I’m addicted to my work schedule so I rarely have time to date and when I do have spare time I’m ready to just get away by myself.  So here I am, a workaholic spending what little time I have out of the office up here by myself.  Pretty stupid huh?”
“We all have our priorities and our own little ways of escaping from reality, so I can’t really blame you for that.”
“Now I can say its perfect coming up here to escape because I get to bump into beautiful women on the pathway,” he said in his flirtiest voice.
“Well I don’t know about that but thank you so much for the compliments, the dinner, and a perfect evening of not having to have dinner while talking to myself again,” she said with a smile as she pushed back her chair and held out her hand to bid him a goodnight.
He took her hand and pulled her a little closer as he kissed her hand, kissed her wrist, and leaned over and kissed her gently on the cheek.
“Thank you so much for having dinner with me Kaylee, I enjoyed every moment of it and I enjoyed meeting you.  I come up here about once a month so maybe someday we’ll bump into each other again as we both walk the pathway backwards,” he said with a smile.
Kaylee smiled back as she took his three little kisses and strolled happily up to her room via the wrong stairway so as not to give him a hint as to where she was staying.  What a perfect evening with a perfect gentleman, she thought, as the smile didn’t leave her face for another hour.




Chapter 9 – The Picture


Kaylee seemed mesmerized lying on the bed with the TV playing while her mind was elsewhere recapping the evening with Dan.  He had been a perfect gentleman and she loved that about him.  So many of the college guys just wanted to drink a beer and jump in the sack; their immaturity turned her off completely which is why she rarely dated in the first place.
He was a handsome guy; about six-feet tall with dark black hair that was just long enough to stick straight up and lay ever so gently back on his head, the kind of hair you comb with your hands.  He had a muscular build but yet not the jock type, just the manly kind of physique.  She liked him, she thought, and really wouldn’t mind running into him again up here.
She finally focused her thoughts away from Dan and on her room and the reason she had come up here in the first place.  She was back in her original room and ready to lock up for the night after making sure she was truly alone in the room.  Securing the room and turning out the lights she fell fast asleep as soon as her face hit the pillow, the completion of a tiring yet exciting day.
She awoke early in the morning, not to the sun coming in her window as it did in the other room, but to the sound of music playing on the clock radio beside her bed.  She had forgotten to check it and it must have been set to go off to music at eight in the morning, which it did.  She rolled over and looked at it and thought to herself that at least the people before her had good taste in radio stations.
She leaned over and clicked off the music while taking a quick glance towards the front door to see if she had any surprise letters during the night.  The doorway was clear, no letters.  She breathed a sigh of relief as she got out of bed and pulled open the curtains to the balcony to let the light of the day inside her room.
Stretching as she walked she headed towards the bathroom to begin getting ready for the new day which included an early exit of the lodge so she could get back to school and settle in before early classes the next morning.
Just as she finished her morning yawn and was about to enter the bathroom she caught a glimpse of something out of the corner of eye which stopped her in her tracks.  Taking a step back and looking to her left she spotted something lying on the other nightstand that she knew wasn’t in the room when she went to bed.  She immediately turned quickly around and marched over to the front door and checked the locks, they were both secured from the inside.  She then walked over to the two doors leading out to the balcony that she had just opened the curtains to; they were both locked tight just as she had left them.
Turning, she went back to her bedside and sat down beside the nightstand that had the new item of interest.  She reached over and picked it up finding it to be a very old picture frame made of cherry or mahogany wood that looked to be extremely old.  Inside the frame was a picture of a young man that looked to be in his early to mid-twenties with a handwritten inscription at the bottom of the photograph reading ‘To my beautiful Kate, All my love Austin’.  Kaylee was stunned at the discovery and couldn’t take her eyes away from the picture of this handsome man.  He was extremely good-looking with dark black hair, beautiful large blue eyes, and a small pencil mustache just above his lips; just so striking that she was mesmerized by this photograph.
She lowered the frame to her lap and spun around on the bed looking throughout the room amazed at what she had found.  How could this photograph have gotten into her room with everything locked tight from the inside and the fact that she was sure no one was in the room when she went to bed.  Even if someone had a key card to the room they would not have been able to get past the two locks she had on the door, it was bolted shut from the inside along with the door to the balcony also; she had made absolutely sure of that before going to sleep.
But here was the evidence, an item inside the room just as the notes were but this time not just passed under a door but fully inside and beside the bed she was sleeping in.  She couldn’t explain it and she just didn’t understand it.
After studying the photograph again for several minutes she took the frame apart to see if there were any clues on the back of the picture or hidden inside the frame itself but there were none to be found; it was just a simple photograph of a handsome man inside an old wooden frame with an inscription specifically to her by name.  The one thing she did notice was that the photograph seemed to be not a full color photograph but an old black and white picture that was colorized; a maneuver they performed back in the early days of photography before color prints were produced to make an image appear to be in color.  She had seen this done before and knew it was a technique used by many people to restore old pictures and bring their images an up-to-date look or to give them the effect of being an oil painting.  To her this meant that the picture was very old just like the frame; a clue that maybe would help her later.
With no time to waste in the day she quickly decided to pass on her shower and just brushed her teeth and threw her clothes on from yesterday so she could get on with her trip back to the college.  Her mind wandered from one extreme to another as she spent the better part of the trip with the radio off and her mind creating scenarios of how the picture could have possibly gotten into her room.  She played funny mind games with herself as she questioned whether the picture could have been lying on the nightstand when she got into the room but because it was lying down flat she just missed seeing it.  Back and forth she went as she knew she checked every inch of the room before going to bed but did she really check the top of that nightstand.  If it had been on the radio side she knows she would have seen it, but the other nightstand had nothing on it but a lamp that she didn’t use, so she wasn’t sure.  She knows if the picture would have been standing up she would definitely have seen it but since it was lying flat she might have missed it, and if that’s the case then it could have been put there by anyone prior to her going back in the room and locking up.  She convinced herself that that must be the answer.
She next had to figure out if she was going to tell Sarah the truth about her trip to the lodge or if she was going to just continue her lie about spending the weekend with a friend.  She would hate to keep her lie going, only to slip and say something about the framed picture or even something about meeting Dan.  She decided to tell the truth since she didn’t want to spend every waking moment filtering what she was saying to all her friends; besides, she wanted to add her current happenings to her friends list of things that had happened so hopefully they could come up with an explanation for all of this because she certainly couldn’t.
It was no surprise to her that Sarah was angry and upset to think that Kaylee didn’t trust her and would lie about where she was for the whole weekend; yet her anger soon subsided when Kaylee produced the picture of Austin that she found in the room.
“My god he’s the most handsome man I’ve ever seen,” Sarah said as she too became mesmerized with his face.  “He looks just like a young Clark Gable, you know the guy from the Gone with the Wind movie?”
“Sarah, I think I know who Clark Gable is…and yes I agree, he does remind me of a young Rhett Butler from the movie.  My god maybe Clark Gable is haunting my room and is madly in love with me.  Do you think he has me mixed up with Scarlett O’Hara?” Kaylee joked as she laughed out loud at herself.
“Seriously though, everything that happened has happened to me in room 4T.  I purposely stayed in your room, 5T, for the first two nights and not one thing happened out of the ordinary, but as soon as I changed rooms I find the picture the next morning,” Kaylee explained to Sarah.
“Well it sounds like you’ve got two choices then; don’t stay in room 4T any more or stay there and try and figure out the mystery, it’s as simple as that.  Now if it was me,” Sarah continued, “I’d definitely stay in room 4T again and again until I figured the whole thing out.”
Kaylee agreed with her assessment and knew deep inside that the choice was easy, there was no way she could just drop this whole thing, she had to find out who is behind this attack on her sanity.  She now had three things on her wall of fame for all her friends to see, two framed letters and a framed picture; she knew with the addition of the picture her room would be a popular gathering place again for everyone to peer at the photo and just as before, offer endless opinions on what was happening.




Chapter 10 – The Exchange


Kaylee was overwhelmed with all her college friends stopping by the dorm room to get a glimpse of the ‘letter guy’ as he was so appropriately called on campus.  Sarah had spread the word through her gossip chain and it seems all the girls just came out of the woodwork to put a face on the romantic stranger.  The positive outcome of this gathering of girls was that once the story was told, there was a virtual agreement that the picture was in the room when she first came in and she just failed to see it.  Everyone believed without a doubt that she had fully locked up the room thereby preventing anyone from getting in once she went to sleep; and best of all, Kaylee agreed.
The ‘picture guy’ finally had a name on campus which touched every base from Don Juan to Romeo to Clark Gable.  Every girl that laid eyes on his picture just immediately fell in love with him…including Sarah and Kaylee.  Yes even Kaylee had given her heart to this suave debonair stranger whose written words were music to her ears.  The prevalent fear that someone was stalking her had suddenly taken a backseat when the picture was introduced into the scenario; her heart won out over her fears.  
It seemed that this picture had the hidden ability to tug at her eyes and send her into a trance that had her hypnotized, a trance that she couldn’t break as she laid in bed for hours staring intently at his face.  She had never reacted to anyone like this before; she had never let herself be so self-absorbed in a single person through her whole life.  That’s why she had built those walls around herself, so she wouldn’t be pulled into some false hope that she had met someone who would make the rest of her life happy and filled with love and devotion.  Yet as she stared at this face she knew that he was the one person that could break through those walls and make her happy and content.
She knew she couldn’t let another weekend go by without heading back up to the lodge to re-acquaint herself with the mystery in hand.  Now Sarah, along with every other girl in her classes, volunteered to join her at the lodge, but Kaylee felt this was something she not only had to do herself but knew she didn’t want to take the chance that if someone else were with her she wouldn’t be contacted.
She called the lodge and booked her room for two nights and as her Friday morning class finished she was in the car and headed north towards the lodge.  The trip that had seemed so long when they first went was now a breeze and the three hours flew by, especially with her mind so focused on Austin.  In no time she was pulling into the circular driveway and carrying her duffel bag up the tower steps to the same old room to repeat the same old routine.
This time she did a more thorough search of the room than ever before; there were no hidden people, no letters or notes, no framed pictures; nothing that didn’t belong as part of the decorations.  She was convinced this time that if anything else appeared in this room, then it was put there by someone.
Kaylee had her usual dinner alone at the restaurant, although she did look around to see if Dan was anywhere in sight, but he wasn’t.  Afterwards she again bought a magazine and retired to her room to read and watch TV.  She had brought the framed picture with her and propped it up on the nightstand where she had found it last weekend and continually glanced towards it as its powers drew her eyes to his.  
“You’re driving me crazy staring at me Austin,” she said as she put her magazine down and rolled over just staring at his face.  “How could one man be so gorgeously handsome yet I can’t talk to you or see you in person?  This is so frustrating!”
Wait, she thought, he wrote me a letter so maybe I’ll write him a letter and see what happens.  She jumped up and rifling through her duffel bag came up with a writing tablet and pen.  The top of the pen went to her mouth as she thought of what she should write to this mystery person.


My Dear Austin,
I’m not sure what to say since I’m a little baffled after receiving your first two letters.   I want to thank you for the all the kind words and the wonderful picture, but I am puzzled by your words because you speak to me as if we have met before and been in love before, yet I know nothing of this love.  Please explain to me the details of our other meetings and tell me a little bit about yourself.
Will I get the chance to meet you in person or is our relationship to be kept a secret?
  
Yours truly, Kaylee, not Kate

She didn’t know what else to say since she didn’t have any expectation that the letter would go any further than her nightstand where she folded it and placed it beside the picture.
She closed up the magazine that she had placed on the bed and grabbed the clicker turning on the TV.  She tried watching one of her favorite shows but found herself continuously yawning while at the same time sneaking a glance in the direction of the picture to see if the note was still there.  She laughed to herself as she thought, what, is the letter just going to magically vanish in thin air.  Finally, she just gave up and after checking all the doors to make sure they were locked she retired for the night.
Very early in the morning, around 5am, she was awakened by the sudden coolness of a breeze running across the top of the bed.  Half asleep she shivered from the draft and reached down to put up the sheets which she had kicked off of herself during the night.  Turning over as she pulled the sheets up under her chin she suddenly realized what she had felt and popped up in the bed wondering where the breeze had suddenly come from.  She looked towards the closed bolted door and over towards the balcony doors which were also closed tight with the draperies drawn as she reached over and clicked on the light to illuminate the room even more.  Everything was fine with no sign of anything opened to the outside that would create such a sudden draft.  As she shrugged her shoulders and reached over to click the light back off she turned to see that her letter that was on the other nightstand was gone.  The space next to the framed picture was now empty.
She got up out of bed and began to search her room thinking the letter had been blown off the nightstand by the unexplained breeze but after checking the floor around and under the bed the letter was nowhere to be found.
Still half asleep, she went over to her favorite comfortable chair and sat down curling her legs around her as she contemplated her sudden awakening and tried to reason out the cause.  Could the air conditioning suddenly have come on in a bust and sent a rush of cool air into the room, or maybe she was again just dreaming of being outside and having a puff of cool air breeze by her?  Regardless of where the breeze came from, where was her letter to Austin?  Great, she thought, another unanswered question to add to the mix.
Realizing that it was still only a little past 5am she decided to try and go back to sleep and tackle the questions again in the morning.  She knew everything was still locked up tight so she had nothing to fear.
Surprisingly she fell back asleep quickly and this time there was no premature alarm to wake her up like last week.  With the drapes pulled tight over the balcony doors the sunlight of the new day was filtered from the room thereby allowing Kaylee to sleep well past ten o’clock before the sounds of movement in the hallway woke her up.  She jerked up in bed at the sound of dishes and quickly realized that room service was again picking up trays of dishes left outside the other rooms on the tower floor.  She rubbed her eyes and stretched as she looked at the clock radio and realized just how long she had been asleep.
“Wow I can’t believe I slept until ten in the morning,” she said to herself as she again stretched and yawned.  “I’ve got to hurry downstairs if I want to get breakfast before they stop serving at eleven.”
Knowing that she didn’t want to miss her favorite meal of the day she quickly jumped into the shower, dried off, and threw on the same clothes as yesterday to hurry downstairs to the restaurant.  As she raced through the room and was closing the door she noticed that her letter was still on the nightstand beside the picture.
She was halfway through her breakfast before she started thinking about what she had seen and remembered that she woke up during the night and the letter was missing, so either it re-appeared or it’s a new letter.  Puzzled yet excited, she finished her meal and headed up to her room to answer the question.
As soon as she sat on the edge of the bed and looked down at the letter she knew by the paper that it was another note from Austin and not her letter she had written him.  She reached over and unfolded the letter.

My Dearest Kate,
I am so glad you wrote me a note elated that we are finally communicating again after all of these years.  As I said before, I have missed you so very much and had feared that you would never return to Wisteria to be with me again.
As far as our history together, I can only imagine that you have blocked that out of your mind to forget the tragedy of what happened.  I know it was a very painful part of your life and a painful way for us to part ways, but I am here again for you and can only hope that you will forget the awful happenings of the past and only remember the good times we spent together and the wonderful love we shared with each other.




Chapter 11 – The Revelation


Kaylee was so happy that she had established communication with this stranger but still fearful of how the communication was taking place.  She had thoroughly convinced herself that there was no possible way anyone was getting into her room yet the notes were now being exchanged off of her nightstand instead of under the door which meant someone had to be in her room.  The framed picture and two letters just couldn’t have magically floated into the room and on top of that, how did this person know that she even wrote a letter to him leaving it on the nightstand.  The whole thing was just baffling to her; she just couldn’t come up with any explanation at all.
Sarah greeted her when she returned to the dorm anxiously waiting to hear all the details of her latest visit.
“First,” Sarah questioned, “did you see Dan this time?”
“No, no Dan,” she answered as she sat her bag on the bed and plopped down.
“So details girl, I need details,” begged Sarah.
Kaylee spent the next fifteen minutes explaining every detail of her visit and ended with the frustration she was experiencing over the whole mystery.
“It just doesn’t make any sense to me,” she admitted.  “I don’t know how he’s getting into the room, I don’t know why he thinks we’ve met before, I don’t know why he keeps calling me Kate, but I am convinced that the letters are for me and no one else.  I’m just really stumped with the whole thing.”
“You know what I think,” asked Sarah.
“What?”
“I think you should do some investigation and see what you can dig up?”
“What kind of investigation?”
“Everything,” Sarah replied.  “I think you should question your mom and grandparents and see if any of this rings a bell with them.  I also think you should ask around the lodge to see if they know any of the names, like Austin or Kate, and see what you find.  Can’t hurt anything and it might just open up some clues.”
“I guess you’re right; what else do I have to lose other than my sanity, and I think I’m already losing that.”
Kaylee had planned on going home the coming weekend anyway but since she had Friday off because her Psychology class was cancelled due to the professor being ill, she decided to sidetrack her trip home and stop by the state capital to see if she could dig up some information on the lodge.
Once she found the records building it didn’t take her long to find out that the name of the lodge up until 1944 was Wisteria Lodge.  It had changed its name right after the war to its current name due to some past history that the new owners wanted left behind.  According to the newspapers, there were a few incidents at Wisteria that didn’t set right with the new owners, one of which was a tragic accident that happened on their grounds in 1925 that caused quite an uproar in the community.  It seems a young naval officer was tragically killed by his mistress while staying at the lodge and the press was all over the place covering the story.  The article says that they met at the local USO in town and after several months of intimate meetings they began secretly meeting at the lodge.  She was the daughter of a state official and had a reputation of being somewhat on the wild side but was immediately sweep off her feet by this handsome young officer in his white uniform.  The story goes on that he fell madly in love with her and wanted to get married but she didn’t want to give up the wild lifestyle she led when he wasn’t around.  He began making life miserable for her and threatening to tell her father what kind of girl she really was until she eventually hit him in the head with a large vase and threw his body in the pond behind the lodge.  The whole incident caused quite a media stir with the father finally resigning from his state position and the lodge losing so much of its quiet charm and needless to say, it’s customers.
The second incident talked about in the article was a freak accident the occurred in 1927 when a young horseback rider was thrown from his horse and sustained a broken neck that eventually killed him.  According to the article, twenty-four year old Austin Somerset was staying at the lodge with his fiancée Kate Johanssen when an afternoon of horseback riding turned tragic.  As they were riding behind the lodge his horse apparently became spooked by a flock of birds that flew out of the bushes causing the horse to buck him off.  He fell to the ground hitting his head on a large rock that subsequently broke his neck at the top of his vertebrae.  Being too delicate to move, he was taken to his room at the lodge where after two days of medical treatment succumbed to his injury and passed away in the room. 
The article concluded that due to these unforeseen accidents the new owners felt it best to change the name of the lodge and try to recapture its quaint charm with a new name and a new beginning.
Kaylee was taken back by the whole story and at that moment realized that Austin was in fact a real person and was involved romantically with her great-grandmother Katherine back in the 1920’s.  But if that is true, she thought, then how is he communicating with her now by leaving her letters and pictures?  This has to be a setup by someone who knows the whole story but who and why would someone go to such lengths to do this?  Impossible, she thought, no one but my family would know all these details so it has to be Austin himself who is behind this whole thing.  Up to this point she hadn’t believed in ghosts or spirits but it seemed the only explanation to her continuing mystery.  She knew she just had to talk to her mom and grandparents to see if they could shed some light on the tragic story.




Chapter 12 – The Family Story


Kaylee met with her mom the next weekend and spent over two hours on the back porch explaining everything that had happened each time she visited the lodge.  Her mother was just as mesmerized by the whole story and couldn’t believe what had happened to her and that it indeed was a story of characters she was familiar with.
“I definitely remember your grandmother telling me a story about her mother and a tall handsome stranger that she dated for a couple of years before she met your great-grandfather,” she recalled as she sat on the edge of her rocking chair listening to the story.  “I don’t recall all of the details or even if I knew all of the details but I do remember hearing about them.  Let’s give your grandmother a call and see if we can stop over and talk to her.”
Kaylee was excited at the thought of getting to the bottom of this true-life story and eager to get as close to the characters as she possibly could.  She hoped by talking with her grandmother that she could shed some light on Austin and maybe explain how this whole thing could be happening to her.  The thought of communicating with a ghost just wasn’t the explanation that she could accept at this point.
Her grandmother Laverne was excited for the two of them to come right over for the afternoon so they hopped in Kaylee’s car and were at her grandmother’s house in Madison Springs within twenty minutes.
After some idle chit-chat Kaylee again told her tale to her grandmother as she sat intently on her favorite chair listening to every detail of the story.  When Kaylee finished, her and her mom sat back in their chairs and waited for her response.
“Okay grandma,” said Kaylee, “can you fill in the blanks for us?  Do you know of Austin and what happened?”
“Yes I do dear,” her grandmother replied as she sipped a small amount of her hot tea.  “My mother Katherine was a wonderful person and gave a lot of herself and her time to help in the community whenever she could.  As a young girl she would spend her weekends down at the local USO trying to do whatever she could to give the local servicemen a place to go when they were home on a break from the war.  That girl would spend hours down there just fixing drinks and desserts for those young men even though she had no idea who any of them were since most were just passing through on their way home or just waiting for orders to go back overseas.”
“On one particular night, I remember her telling me that she saw this handsome young man walk in and just immediately sit down in a wooden chair without saying a word to anyone.  A few of the other girls were swooning over the thought of meeting him but he was so good-looking they just didn’t have the nerve to go over to him, so she did.  She was immediately taken with him, he was so handsome and clean looking and his personality melted her heart.  I should say that your great-grandmother was a fabulous looking girl in her younger days, in fact the spitting image of you.”
“I know, that’s what everyone has told me for years,” answered Kaylee.
Her grandmother got up from her chair and disappeared into her bedroom without saying a word.  Kaylee and her mom looked at each other wondering if something was wrong, but before they could utter a sound she was back in her chair handing an old photograph to Kaylee.
“This is your great-grandmother Katherine when she was eighteen years old.”
Kaylee looked at the picture and was astounded at the resemblance she had to her; it was like she was looking in a mirror except it was black and white.  She held the picture up beside her face and looked towards the two of them.
“It’s absolutely amazing,” her mom said as she stared at the picture.  “If I didn’t know better I’d swear it was a picture of you Kaylee but just taken in black and white instead of color.”
“This is an amazing picture,” Kaylee said as she moved the picture from beside her face to her lap again.  “It’s like we’re twins.”
“You can keep the picture sweetie,” her grandmother said as she again sipped on her cup of tea.
“Thanks so much grandma, can you go on with the story?” 
“Sure sweetie, now where was I?”
“At the USO grandma, she had just met Austin at the USO.”
“Yes that’s right…okay, now let me see.  Your great-grandmother was really taken with this Austin guy, so much so that she spent the entire night just sitting in the chair talking with him.  She told me it was love at first sight.  She had never been so taken with a man that way before and she certainly didn’t believe in love at first sight yet here is was happening to her; and truthfully she suspected that he felt the same way, at least that’s what he told her later,” she paused and took another sip of her hot tea.
“She told me they again met at the same place the next night and spent almost the entire night dancing to the music while he serenaded in her ear.  She loved it.  He walked her home that evening and she introduced him to her mom who thought he was a fine young man who was serving his country.  They continued to see each other over the next couple of weeks before he shipped back overseas to….well I can’t remember what she told me, some place in Europe and he’d be gone for three months and then he would be getting his papers and getting out of the service for good.  They wrote each other every day and by the time the three months was up and he was back home they had learned everything there was to know about each other.”
Again she sipped her tea.
“He moved into a small cabin on the north side of town, right on the edge of the mountains, and they continued to see each other exclusively for the next two years.  They were absolutely inseparable and just so much in love.  Halfway through their third year of dating he asked for her hand in marriage and she accepted.  She said she was so on cloud nine she couldn’t help but smile all the time; she had truly met the man of her dreams.  With a ring on her finger and a date for the wedding set for the following year, they took a lot of short weekend trips and spent a lot of time up at the Wisteria lodge.  It had become their favorite retreat, a place to go where they could not only be alone but with so many romantic settings, they both just loved it.  I remember her quote was that they were spending so much time there that everyone knew them by name and since they always stayed in the same room, the lodge was considering naming the room after them.  She laughed so much when she told me that story,” her grandma said as she blankly stared into space just remembering her mom telling her all of this.
“Did he always call her Katherine grandma,” Kaylee asked.
“No dear as I remember he always called her Kate, that was his special name for her and no one else called her that but him,” she answered as Kaylee looked over at her mom and smiled at that answer.
“So what happened to him,” Kaylee asked.
“Oh it was just so awful that my mom could hardly tell me about it,” she said as she just shook her head back and forth remembering that moment with her mother.  “She just cried and cried and could hardly finish the story; I was so upset listening to her that I cried with her.  They had taken another of their trips up to the lodge as they had just about every other weekend and on this particular afternoon had saddled up a couple of horses and gone out horseback riding as they so often had.  She said Austin just loved to ride and they would always take a long ride out to the edge of the mountains and then end up on the far side of the pond just behind the lodge where he would always have a picnic basket hidden somewhere nearby and surprise her with it.  I remember her laughing as she told me the story because it became so commonplace for him to bring out a basket of food and she would always act surprised and throw up her hands which made them both burst out laughing; and him, he wanted so much to make every moment special that he began hiding the picnic blanket, and then a set of candles, and then a bouquet of flowers, and then two chairs to sit on, she said it was just hilarious and she loved it because he just had to make every moment special.”
She paused and offered every one another cup of tea.  Kaylee and her mom refused but Kaylee went to the kitchen and made her grandmother another cup before the stories continued.
“Speaking of special, I can remember her telling me about the evening he proposed to her.   Like I said he was the kind of man that wanted to make every moment special and wanted to do it his own way.  On one particular night they went to the state fair with another couple and spent the whole night just laughing, carrying on, and both men spending a ton of money trying to win prizes for their ladies.  As the night progressed he went to the men’s room and disappeared for the longest time before returning just as the rides were closing down and people were being asked to leave for the night.  As the two couples were about to leave he asked Kate for one more ferris wheel ride and offered the operator money to give them one more big spin on the ride.  The operator gladly accepted the money and loaded them aboard as the other couple watched from the ground.  As the Ferris wheel started to turn it arrived at the very top and stopped with the two of them seated squarely on the top overlooking the entire park.  It was at that moment that Austin carefully got up out of his seat and kneeled down in that small bucket and asked her to marry him.  She was so excited that she didn’t even give him a chance to put the ring on her finger, she grabbed it and just kissed it several times saying yes, yes, yes I’d love to be your wife.  At that instant she dropped the ring and it sprung out of her hand and out into the darkness of the night.  The four of them and the ride operator spent almost an hour searching the darkness for that ring before Kate finally found it in the operator’s soda cup that was on a bench beside the ride.  They were so happy, especially Austin who paid a ton of money for that little diamond that meant so much to his sweetheart Kate.  She didn’t find out until later that when he disappeared to go to the bathroom he was really bribing the ride operator to give them one more ride and to stop them at the top so he could propose.”
“That’s really a funny story Mom,” laughed Kaylee’s mom.  “She no doubt was truly in love with him.”
“So back to the pond that day grandma, what happened?”
“Oh yes the pond on that dreadful day.  They had finished their picnic lunch and were just lying on the blanket staring up at the sky and being romantic as always when they started to feel a few rain drops and decided to head back to the lodge.  They didn’t have far to go because the pond was directly behind the lodge but it was large a pond that it really did take ten minutes on horseback to go all the way around it and get back to the livery stables.  They were halfway back when the rain stopped but just as they passed a small wooded area to one side a large flock of birds suddenly sprung out of the brush right in their path.  She said she was riding slightly behind him to one side and saw the birds; probably fifteen of them just appear out of nowhere.  The sudden unexpected flight of the birds just spooked his horse so much that it immediately reared up in fear and bucked him right off the back of the horse onto the ground.  Kathleen jumped off her horse and immediately ran over to him as he lay motionless on the ground but couldn’t wake him.  When she realized that his head had come directly down on a small rock she jumped back on her horse and went to the lodge to get help.  A doctor arrived within minutes and they carefully transported him to their room where the doctor stayed for the entire night monitoring him as he lay in a comatose state.  It wasn’t until two days later that he passed away from a broken neck.”
“Why didn’t they transport him to a hospital for treatment?” Kaylee asked.
“Well you have to remember dear this was back in 1927 and they just didn’t have the modes of transportation and the medical knowledge that we have nowadays, so they felt it better not to move him but just treat him in the room and give him the best medicine they could.  Medical treatments have come a long way since then and nowadays they would have just flown in a helicopter to the hospital but back then they didn’t do that.”
“How awful,” said Kaylee as she wiped a tear from her eye.  “I’ll bet she was just devastated.”
“She was absolutely heartbroken and cried for months after that.  I had the hardest time getting her to tell me the story because she just couldn’t tell it without getting so upset that she had to lie down.  I’ve never seen a person who was so much in love with one man in my entire life; she just loved him so much that she got permission from the caretaker to spend his final night on earth with her in the mortuary before burial, it was the least she do for her lover.”
It was truly a miraculous story and Kaylee and her mom left her grandma’s house that day with a thorough understanding of who Austin was and the relationship that he and Katherine shared together.




Chapter 13 – The Questions


Kaylee and her mom talked on the way home, both full of information yet confused over the truth behind Kaylee’s strange visitor.  The idea of a ghost contacting her never came up in the conversations since neither of them wanted to voice their thoughts about that out loud.  Talking ghosts and spirits is not the conversation most parents have with their college-aged daughters.
Kaylee quizzed her mom on the rest of her great-grandmother’s history, not knowing exactly how the great-grandfather that she had briefly known worked into the story.  Her mom filled in the blanks telling her that her great-grandmother and great-grandfather married in 1930, about three years after Austin’s death, and spent fifty-one happy years together before he passed away in 1981.  She lived another eleven years after him, passing away in 1992.  Her mom had little explanation of the things happening to Kaylee but encouraged her to be careful and cautious as she revisited the lodge and got to the bottom of the mystery.
She returned to college for the next semester and immediately added her great-grandmother’s picture to her wall of framed letters and beside the picture of Austin.  Sarah was amazed at the picture, at first thinking it was a picture of her that her family had taken to one of those shops that give it that old-time look; she couldn’t believe it was really her great-grandmother Katherine.  Now, even while she was at school, she was being constantly reminded of the mystery by Sarah calling her Kate all the time; a nickname she didn’t really mind because it brought good thoughts of Austin to mind.
Austin was in her thoughts constantly now as she spent hours just gazing at his picture and wondering how this mystery of hers would unfold.  She decided to spend her next weekend back up at the lodge trying to investigate a little more into his death.
Most of the workers at the lodge now were unfamiliar with what happened over eighty years ago so she decided to go into town and check more newspapers to see if she could uncover any additional facts.
Most of what she found in the papers was repetitious information about his accident at the lodge and the death a few days later.  There were obviously no scandals or shady characters behind the death at the lodge so the newspapers didn’t devote much of their time to the articles or Austin’s prior history, but as she checked the obituaries she found that he had no apparent next of kin so his burial was under the direction of Kathleen Johanssen, his fiancée.  The burial plot was located in a small cemetery just down the road from the lodge overlooking the valley which she remembered her grandmother saying Katherine wanted.
She left town and traveled to the cemetery which she had remembered passing every time she went to the lodge.  There was a small rickety sign posted along the main highway that led you down a one-lane dirt road and into a wooded area where you had to park your car and travel by foot.  Reaching the back of the sparsely populated woods, a large clearing led to the cemetery plots of about fifty graves.  One by one she walked the plots until she finally came to a stone marker that had almost turned black from the years of weather.  She knelt down and wiped the face of it with her hand and read the inscription out loud.
“Austin G. Somerset, 1903 to 1927, My heart belongs to Katherine,” she quoted as she wiped a small tear from her eye.  “Such a fitting inscription Austin, I’m sorry you’re life was cut so short and you didn’t get to follow your dream of marrying Katherine.”
She placed a single red rose on the grave that she had purchased before she left town and stood silently looking at the cold stone marker wondering what might have been different in her life had he not died so suddenly and he had married her great-grandmother.
She returned to her car and did a lot of thinking on her short trip back to the lodge.  She had all the pieces of the story in place and it seemed clear to her now that she was in fact dealing with the spirit of Austin, but she couldn’t understand why his spirit was still at the lodge.  From the little she knew about the subject, spirits remain only because they have unresolved business here on earth that they cannot leave, so what was Austin’s problem.  She only assumed that his spirit was there waiting for Katherine to return to him, but surely he realizes that Katherine is now dead and Kaylee is not her, or does he?
She arrived at the lodge, went straight in the restaurant for dinner, and then grabbed a magazine to retire to her room for the night.  The realization that she had about Austin’s spirit made her uneasy in the room as if she just knew she wasn’t alone, but her closeness to him and now knowing the history of his story pushed aside her fears.  She knew she had close ties with this man but didn’t know if she was crazy for staying in this room knowing a spirit was haunting it and waiting just for her.  She convinced herself that she still had to prove she was dealing with a spirit so she decided to barricade the entrances to her room and sleep in her favorite chair to make sure no real person entered during the night.  She wrote Austin another note, this time telling him she had investigated his accident and the love affair he had with Katherine and that she was not Katherine but her great-granddaughter Kaylee.
After leafing through just a few pages of her magazine she quickly dozed off and slept undisturbed for the rest of the night.  The morning sun awoke her early as it usually did this time of year as it burst through her closed curtains lighting up the room.  It took a minute for her to orient herself, slowly realizing she was in her chair and not her bed, but then immediately focused her attention to the dresser where she placed her letter.  The note was gone but she focused on the center of her undisturbed bed where a new note was placed.  She walked over and sat on the edge of the bed and read the new letter.

My Lovely Kate,
I have remained here at the Wisteria all these years just waiting for your return.  Given the love that we experienced together in the past and the passion we have been sharing now, I don’t understand why you are claiming not to be my Katherine.  I can see by your beauty and unmistakable features that you are my long lost love and my biggest fear is that you are just upset with me for leaving you so suddenly and cutting our lifelong adventure so short.
Please believe me when I say that my love for you has never died, never diminished, never failed through all of these years.  I have missed you so terribly and want to spend every moment I can with you but know the circumstances that we now face.  I know we are in different places in the scheme of life but I feel that through time we can adjust to our situation and enjoy the time we have together as difficult as it may be.
Please let our love for each other continue.

Always and Forever, Austin

Kaylee put the letter down and wondered what she should do next.
“Austin my dear Austin, I wish I knew if you could hear me,” she asked as she looked around the empty room and then back down at the letter.  “I have to find out how to deal with our situation here.   I’ve never dealt with a spirit or ghost before, in fact I never really believed in them before now.   I don’t know the rules on communicating with a ghost; I’ve just never done that before so where do I go to find out; who do I ask?  This is just overwhelming to me.”
She went about her morning routine and dressed for breakfast where she could ponder her dilemma over a hot meal.  It was there that she decided her only course of action was to deal directly with Austin and find out what their limitations were and exactly how she could communicate and where.  It wasn’t too tough a decision since she certainly couldn’t ask around to see if anyone knew how to communicate with a ghost, so the decision was simple.
She returned to her room and gathered her things to spend a quiet afternoon on the lake figuring out exactly how she wanted to deal with the situation.  It was a beautiful day and the lake was as still as a piece of glass as she took a small rowboat from the dock and paddled out to the middle.  The lodge was such a scenic place to visit, so quiet and serene and full of wildlife.  As she floated she watched two cranes on the other end of the lake slowly walking in the shallow water at the edge just waiting for a small fish to swim by.  She could hear the birds nestled in the trees and the squirrels scurrying over the limbs from the woods that surrounded two sides of the still water.  It was a perfect place to just float along and clear your mind of whatever problems clogged your mind.
She pulled in the oars, set them in the boat and just settled back with her feet propped up on the middle seat.  Her thoughts then focused on her ghost as her mind told her how stupid this whole thing was while her heart told her she had to find out what he wanted.  
Opening her purse she got out a pad and paper and started a letter to see if he could shed some light on the situation.

My Dear Austin,
I want to begin by answering your last note that you left on my bed this morning.  I am not Katherine; I am her great-granddaughter Kaylee.  I have been told for many years that I am the spitting image of Katherine and was given a picture by my grandmother showing me the striking resemblance.  I have left that picture on my dresser in the room for you to see.  The love of your life Katherine passed away eleven years after your death and would probably be standing beside you if you weren’t trapped here at Wisteria waiting for her return.
I do not understand this whole situation with you still being here at the lodge as a spirit that never left, I can only assume that you have been trapped here for years waiting for her return as you stated to me in a letter.
My problem Austin is that I’ve never believed in ghosts before and I’m not sure why you are here communicating with me except maybe to get information on Katherine, therefore I need a few questions answered.  First, can I only communicate with you through these letters and only in this room?  Second, can you hear me when I talk to you, and again, just here in the room?  Third, how is it possible that I feel your presence and can feel what I think is your presence around me?  I have so many questions for you; I hope we can communicate some other way.
I hope you can answer these questions for me and I hope you accept the fact that I am not Kate even though we look like twins.

Always, Kaylee

She re-read the letter and was happy with what she wrote.  The reality of the situation still could not set in with her as she laughed a little thinking about communicating with someone she couldn’t possibly ever come face-to-face with, but her heart told her for her great-grandmothers sake it was the right thing to do and it was something she had to continue with.


Chapter 14 – The Gifts


Kaylee laid back in the boat staring up at the blue cloudless sky just enjoying being alone and shifted her thoughts to Dan and how much she enjoyed their first meeting and how connected she felt to him already.  She had always dreamt of meeting her prince charming, as every little girl has, but never dreamed it would be under these circumstances.  He was the tall handsome man she had often envisioned for herself and even though at this point she knew little about him, he made her heart melt and he gave her exciting feelings that she hadn’t experienced up to this point in her life.
As the lazy day drifted by, her stomach let her know it was getting to be dinner time so she reattached the oars and paddled back to the dock tying the boat to the pier.  She went up to her room to freshen up, left the note to Austin on her bed, and took the elevator down to the restaurant where she decided to treat herself and order a prime rib dinner.  She usually didn’t eat so big a meal but every once in a while just wanted to pig out which she usually only did at home over her Mom’s home cooked meals.
Grabbing an after dinner mint, she headed back to her room and was not only delighted to see the note missing from the bed but in its place was a beautiful gold necklace with a large ruby red pendant.  She closed the door without taking her eyes off of the gift on her bed and sat down to examine the beautiful piece of jewelry that Austin had apparently left her.  Turning the pendant over she could see an inscription on the back that read ‘To Kate, All My Love Austin ’27’.  
“This must have been given to my great-grandmother by Austin in 1927,” she said out loud.  “I wonder if my grandmother knew anything about this.  Austin this is so beautiful, I bet Katherine really loved this necklace when you gave it to her.” 
“I’m talking again as if he can hear me,” she said with a laugh.
Just as she had put the necklace around her neck and was admiring it in the mirror, her cell phone rang.  Sarah was calling from college to tell her that her public speaking midterm exam had been moved up from Tuesday to Monday and they needed to get together to rehearse for it beforehand.  Kaylee agreed and decided to cut her weekend trip a day short and head back to school in the morning so her and Sarah could get together to practice their speech.
Kaylee woke bright and early the next morning and was disappointed to find there was no letter to greet her.  She had hoped to have some answers to all of her questions but knew it would just have to wait until her next visit.
Gulping down a quick breakfast she headed out towards school but planned a slightly out of the way detour to swing by her mom’s house to show her the necklace and see if she knew anything about it.  The extra trip only took her about a half an hour out of the way and when she called to tell her she was stopping by Kaylee was delighted to find out that she was having lunch with her grandmother and she could just stop by there; perfect, Kaylee thought, now I can show them both the necklace.
When Kaylee arrived at her grandmother’s house it didn’t take long for her to immediately recognize the necklace. 
“My goodness Kaylee, where in the world did you get this,” she asked as she held the ruby pendant in her hand.  
“So you know about this,” Kaylee asked.
“Oh my yes sweetie, this is the necklace that Austin bought for Katherine on their one-year anniversary.  It was such a big surprise and he wanted to give it to her in a very special place that just the two of them knew about.  On a hill overlooking a valley near the lodge is a large meadow that Austin had taken Katherine to many times for their private picnics.  She said they would travel there on horseback and it’s there that Austin carved their names in a large tree and told her that was where he was going to build their dream house.  It was in that meadow that Austin gave her that anniversary necklace because that is where they were going to spend the rest of their lives.”
“That is just so romantic,” Kaylee said with a sigh.
“But how did you get the necklace dear,” asked her grandmother.
“Remember a few weeks ago I told you the story about the lodge and what had been happening to me, well this was lying on my bed one morning when I returned from breakfast and I can only assume that it was left there by Austin, or Austin’s spirit I guess I should say.”
“Oh my then I guess your theory about his spirit in that room is really true.  Well that’s downright scary if you ask me.”
“But how did he come to have the necklace grandma if he had given it to Katherine as a gift?”
“Just before their last trip to the lodge he had taken it back from her to have it inscribed.  That weekend is when the tragic accident happened and in all of the sorrow she forgot all about it.  Finally, just before her last night with him she found the receipt and went to the jeweler to retrieve the necklace that meant so very much to her.  It was the last gift that Austin gave her and she wanted him to have it forever to remember her and their time together, so on her final night with him she placed the necklace in his hands before the casket was closed.”
“That is an unbelievable story grandmother, I’m so happy she shared that story with you.”
“Something else she shared with me dear,” her grandmother said as she trotted off to her bedroom and returned with a small box in her hand.  Opening the box lid she held it out to Kaylee.  “This is the engagement ring that Austin gave to her.”
Sparkling in front of her was a small diamond ring set in a gold Florentine finish with two tiny rubies on each side of the diamond.
“Oh it’s beautiful grandma.  The rubies look like they match the ruby in the necklace.”
“Well a ruby is a ruby,” she said as she pulled the ring out of its case and handed it to Kaylee.
“Can I try it on grandma?”
“You may not only try it on sweetie you can keep it.  It’s something my mother passed on to me before she died because it just meant so much to her since it was all that she had left from Austin.  Now you can have it since you’ve become a part of the story.”
Kaylee took the ring and slowly slid it on her ring finger and it fit perfectly.  A tear ran down her face as she looked at the ring on her finger knowing the history and love story behind it.
“Oh grandma this is so beautiful,” she said going over to hug her grandmother.  “Are you sure you want me to have this?  It just means so much since it was your mother’s.”
“She would want you to have it dear.”
“It’s so beautiful and knowing the story behind it makes it even more special.  I promise I’ll always wear it to remember her.”
“She would be so happy that you are wearing it.  She loved him so very much and was just devastated when he passed away.  She met your great-grandfather about a year after the accident and it took him nearly a year to get her to just go out with him and nearly three years before she finally agreed to marry him.  He was so very patient with her; knowing about Austin and their romance he gave her all the time she needed to get over his tragic death and move on with her life.  She wore the engagement ring for two years before finally taking it off and allowing your great-granddad to buy her one from him.  She put Austin’s ring in a box and gave it to me right before they were married and said to keep and do whatever I saw fit, and I think it is now fitting that you keep it since you now know the whole story.”
Kaylee thanked her with a big hug and a few additional tears.




Chapter 15 – The Mirror


Returning to school later that day, she could hardly pay attention to their midterm practice session for looking down at her new ring.  Sarah continually tried to focus her on their task at hand but Kaylee was just focused on one thing, Austin and the ring.  She kept thinking how she couldn’t wait to get back to the lodge and show him she was wearing his ring and get his reaction.  Regardless of the distraction she finally buckled down with Sarah’s insistence and the next day they made their duel-speech performance and got an A- which made it all worthwhile.
Knowing that she would finish all of her midterms by late Thursday she decided to call the lodge and book her room for the entire week so that she could really spend the time deciding what to do about Austin and their strange relationship.
She arrived at the lodge late in the afternoon and after taking her bag up to her room and freshening up she headed down to the restaurant to have dinner since she hasn’t eaten a good meal all week.  As soon as she enters she sees Dan sitting at a table for two near the back of the restaurant and walks over to see if he’d like her to join him, which he does.
After reacquainting themselves with some idle chatter he tells her he is just there for the weekend, returning home on Sunday morning, and asks if she would like to spend a few days together doing some activities.  Thinking that she will have the rest of the week after he leaves to do her thinking, she accepts his offer and they plan on meeting for breakfast Friday morning to plan their day.
When she returns to her room she notices that she had no letters from Austin so she writes a note to him asking him for some answers to her previous letter and tells him about the ring she is now wearing.  Exhausted, she goes to bed early to get a good night’s rest from her tiring week filled with exams and studying.
Going to bed early had her waking up at the break of dawn ready for a good breakfast but not before noticing a new letter from Austin poised on her nightstand.

My Dearest Kaylee,
You have made me so very happy seeing you back at Wisteria and wearing the ring that meant so very much to Kate and I.  I find it hard to believe that you are not my Katherine but seeing you and the picture you now have of her shows me just how alike the two of you are.  I am writing you as Kaylee but I still see you as Kate, the love of my life, and now you have taken her place and have taken her place in my heart.
I can only imagine how difficult it is for you to communicate with me and accept a relationship that has such limitations and impossibilities, but I beg of you to follow your heart and let it continue to lead you towards my heart that is beating just for you.  I do understand your questions and will try and do my best to answer them.
I have never left Wisteria because of my heartache for Kate and my willingness to stay here rather than moving towards the light.  Many times I have been tempted to go into the light and complete my life here on earth but my heart tells me otherwise and I have always followed my heart waiting for you and now my dreams have come true and my heart is full again.
I too would like to forgo our communication through the written word and talk to you in person, face-to-face, so that I can see you and speak to you as if we were there together.  In order for this to happen you just need stand in front of the gold-laced mirror on the wall and ask to talk with me.  In seconds my image will appear and we will finally be face-to-face.
I promise to you that will do everything within the powers I have to bring our lives closer together and prove to you that my love for you is as strong and as true as it was with my Katherine.  
My Kate has gone from me for now, but you are here and you are a part of her and for that I am truly grateful.

All My Love to you Kaylee, Austin

Kaylee was shocked as she put the letter down and thought about what he had said.  She didn’t want to replace Katherine she just wanted to help Austin accept the fact that Katherine wasn’t here anymore and she was just her great-granddaughter.   She breathed a deep sigh of discontent as she put the letter down and raced over to the mirror that he had mentioned.  Looking into the mirror and knowing that she had a full day planned with Dan she talked to Austin as she had done so many times.
“I believe every word you wrote to me Austin and I can’t tell you how much it means to me that you have waited all these years for your Kate and how disappointed you must be to find out that I am not her.  But now that you have given me the chance to actually speak with you and see you, makes me so very happy.  Knowing that you were such a huge part of her life makes you also very important to me, her great-granddaughter.  I hope that you can hear everything that I am saying.  I know this may sound stupid but I want this special moment to be just right and I want my mind clear of anything else, so since I have plans and I don’t want to rush through this, I’m going to wait until I return to the room tonight to really, really meet with you.”
She looked around the room as if waiting for a sign or something to tell her that he was there and listening to her every word, but nothing happened.  Even though he wasn’t there at that moment, or so she thought, she smiled knowing that he would be there that night and she could talk with him.
She showered, dressed for breakfast and scurried down to meet Dan as promised.  He was already at their designated table waiting, having already ordered their breakfast which immediately followed her as she sat down.
“How nice,” she said with her morning smile, “you’ve already ordered for us.”
“Yes, I know what I like and I know what you like, so why not have it ready as soon as you arrive.  I know you’re always starving in the morning so why prolong the agony of waiting for it to be cooked,” he replied as he hoisted his glass of orange juice towards her in a toast.  “To a beautiful day with a beautiful girl.”
“Well thank you sir,” as she raised her glass to bump against his, “you are a gentleman and here’s to a great day.”




Chapter 16 – The Friendship


They spent the entire day canoeing on the lake and then horseback riding through the countryside.  It was a welcome relief for Kaylee from the drudgery of having her face plastered to a book all day long studying for exams.  They got a lot of time to just talk quietly one-on-one while gliding across the pond in the canoe, and a chance to laugh and have a lot of fun chasing each other on horseback through the fields.  It was a day she really needed.
Dan was a perfect gentleman and she was enjoying every minute they spent together.  She learned that he was five years older than her, lived alone in a condominium two and half hours north of there, and was not in a serious relationship with anyone.  She was surprised to hear that since he was so handsome and buff-looking that he wasn’t attached to anyone but she already knew he was still recovering from a two-year relationship three years ago and just didn’t want any attachments right now.  This made her feel safe and carefree being with him since she wasn’t looking for romance at this time, just someone to enjoy the day with.
Their travels on horseback led them unintentionally to a large yellow meadow overlooking a valley that seemed familiar to Kaylee although she knew she had never been there before.  Dan had gotten off his horse and tied it to a fallen limb and was holding her horse for her to do the same.
“Let’s stop for a while here if it’s okay with you and just enjoy the view,” said Dan as he helped her dismount.
He tied her horse to the same limb and the two of them walked through the field to a point where they could see over the whole valley below.
“It’s so beautiful here,” said Kaylee, “just looking down at the treetops with everything so peaceful and serene.
After a few minutes of just taking in the view they turned and walked towards the tree line that lined the back of the meadow; it was then that she spotted the tree and this place became totally familiar to her.  This was the meadow that her grandmother told her about that Austin had chosen to build a dream home for Katherine.  She realized that as soon as she looked up and saw the large tree with an inscription carved into it.
Dan had started to sit down in the middle of the field when Kaylee took his hand and led him towards the tree.
“Look here,” she said as they approached the tree.  “Someone’s carved something into this tree.
She read the inscription out loud.
“Kate & Austin, Always & Forever.”
“Wow,” Dan said when she finished, “looks like this is a special place for someone.
She hesitated telling him some of the story but decided she would tell a little and hold back a lot.
“I know those people,” she told him.
“You do? From where?”
“Kate is my great-grandmother and Austin was her fiancé back in the 1920’s.”
“Wow, that’s neat,” he said with a surprised look on his face.  “Did you know about this place or have you been here before?”
“No, I’ve never been here but I heard about it from my grandmother and knew this was the place as soon as I saw the meadow and the tree.  She told me about the inscription so then I knew this was definitely the place.”
“That is so wild.  Did they end up getting married and living near here?”
“No, they used to come up here all the time.  Back then the lodge was known as Wisteria and they spent a lot of time up here getting to really know each other.  So much time in fact that this is where they were going to build their dream home, right in this meadow overlooking the valley.  Unfortunately there was an accident and he was killed in 1927, so no, they never married.”
They turned and sat down side-by-side against the tree looking out over the meadow.
“I’m so sorry to hear that.  So he wasn’t your great-grandfather?”
“No my great-grandfather was a wonderful man that she met three years after Austin’s death and they really had a happy life and raised my grandparents filled with love and caring.”
“That’s so nice that you know about your family history that’s been passed down over the generations.  My family was never that close and once everyone grew up and moved away they hardly ever kept in contact so I really don’t know very much about my family at all except my parents that raised me.”
“But looking at you and getting to know you’re personality, I’d say you were a popular kid in school and had your share of the ladies gathering around,” Kaylee said with a smile.
“I had a good time,” he smiled back.  “I never really had any problems with the ladies through high school and college, just as I bet you haven’t had much problem either.”
“Well surprisingly I’ve led a sheltered life,” she answered.
“Yeah sure, sheltered but full of guys drooling over your beauty.”
“Well I’ve had a relationship or two but nothing that I let get too serious,” she confided in him.  “I’ve always had guys interested in me but I’ve always kept them at an arm’s length away because I was too afraid of getting close and ultimately getting hurt.”
“But you can’t go through life being too overly cautious,” he pleaded.  “My philosophy is that there’s a soul mate out there for each of us, and how we go through life waiting to meet that soul mate is the important thing.  We’ve got to get our feet wet with each person we meet but we’ve got to save our best for last.”
“I know, I know,” she answered.  “You sound like my roommate at college Sarah, who’s the most outgoing person I’ve ever met.  She can’t be in a room for ten minutes without approaching a guy to have a conversation.”
“And what’s her number,” he asked with a smile.
Kaylee slapped him on the arm for the remark.
“I just can’t be like that,” she continued.  “I have to be real sure about someone before I let them into my little world.  It’s just the way I am and what I have to do to protect my heart.”
“How come you’re letting me in your little world,” was his next question.
She looked at him and smiled as she took his hand in hers.
“Because you’re a nice guy who isn’t trying to force himself on me like so many of the guys instantly try to do.  I feel comfortable with you and it’s been a pleasure so far getting to know you and spending time together, that’s all.”
“But if I remember right, a few weeks ago you told me you were in a relationship with someone, so I backed off.”
She lowered her head and stared at her lap contemplating the answer.
“I know, and I’m sorry for that little white lie.  I just needed time because we seemed to be spending so much time together and my inner fears just forced me to back off.  I’m sorry.”
“That’s okay, I understand what you did and I respect you for that.  But now that you’ve let me back in, so to speak, does that mean you’re open to a relationship?”
She kept looking into her lap as she hesitated with an answer.
“I just don’t know Dan.  I really, really like you and we have such a great time together and its wonderful coming up here every few weeks knowing you might be here and we can hang out together, but a relationship…I’m just not sure yet.”
She raised her head and their eyes met and locked in place.  He had beautiful blue eyes that just had a sparkling gleam to them that made her melt a little bit; so much so that her heart beat a little faster in her chest.
It was at that instant that an apple fell from the tree above and hit Dan squarely on top of the head with a thud.
“Ouch,” he said as he grabbed his head and looked up into the tree.
“Are you okay,” she asked as she rolled to her knees and rubbed the top of his head to soothe the pain.
He looked into her large green eyes and leaning over slightly kissed her gently on the lips.  She quickly pulled away and sat back down against the tree.
“Kaylee I’m sorry, I apologize for that instant reaction,” he said with a caring concerned voice.  “I reacted on instinct when I saw your beautiful eyes looking back at me and just had to kiss your soft lips.  Again I’m sorry; I wouldn’t want to do anything to jeopardize our relationship…or friendship that we have.  I don’t want to have you fear me being inside your comfort zone.”
She could tell he was sincere about the random kiss and accepted his apology knowing deep down inside that she loved every minute of the kiss, but a relationship…she just wasn’t sure.




Chapter 17 – The Meeting


They spent another hour talking about their lives and what they hoped was in their individual future, with no other incidents to mar the moment.
As the sun lowered in the sky they mounted their horses and headed back to the stable to call it a day.  He asked her to join him for dinner but she refused saying she was tired and wanted to make a few calls before relaxing for the night.
She grabbed a sandwich and some small nighttime snacks from the restaurant and went up to the room to be greeted by a note in the center of her bed.  A smile came to her face as the anticipation of another note from Austin aroused her curiosity.  As she opened it she was surprised at the contents.
“Just say the words and our meeting will become reality!” was the entire note.
She laughed as she walked over to the mirror and again went through her primping routine. With her hair fixed she took a deep breath and said the words to the mirror.
“Austin I’d like to talk to you.”
She took a few steps backward never taking her eyes off of the mirror.  Looking intently she could see an image forming and within a few seconds that image was the one in the photograph that she had, it was Austin.
“Hello Austin, it’s Kaylee,” she said without hesitation.
“My dearest Kaylee, it is so nice to speak to you in person instead of having to leave notes for you on your bed.  You are as beautiful in person as you are in my spiritual life.”
“Well thank you sir, and you are as handsome as the one picture I have of you.  You haven’t aged at all,” she blurted out without thinking.  She didn’t know if he had a sense of humor or how he would take the remark.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t say that to be smart.”
“You do not have to apologize my dear.  It is true I am the same age now as when I passed away in this very room.  And please Kaylee, relax and feel free to say anything you would like, I will not take offense to anything.  I am just so happy to be able to talk to you like this.”
She felt her body quivering at the thought of talking to someone who had died years earlier; someone who her great-grandmother had been in love with and planned on marrying.  She took a deep breath as she looked intently at the image in the mirror.  He was so clear and handsome and it seemed like she was watching a movie rather than speaking with a real person, or was he?
“I am happy too.  It gives me a chance to ask you a lot of questions, and boy do I have a lot of questions to ask.”
“That is fine, I know this is very strange for you and I apologize for that but it is what it is and just the fact that we are together talking brings joy to my heart.  I will answer any questions you have and when you want to go just say goodnight and I will disappear for the night.”
“Thank you so much for understanding my nervousness and hesitation with this whole thing.  I guess my first question is, can you go anywhere as a spirit?”
“My spirit is confined to this room that I passed away in, my gravesite where my body lies, and throughout the lodge grounds that I frequented so very much.  I cannot go anywhere outside of those areas.”
“Can you see me all the time whether I’m on the grounds, in the restaurant downstairs, or in this room?”
“Yes.”
“So you can see me taking a shower and changing clothes,” she asked in a somewhat embarrassed voice as her face turned beet red.
“Yes I can but as a gentleman I choose not to.  I do not go into your bathroom or other rooms; I generally stay in your bedroom area because I do not want to intrude on your privacy as a woman.  Now, I will warn you that on many occasions you have left the shower area and come out into your bedroom to dress, which I would advise you not to do from now on.”
She put her hands over her face as she thought of the many times she did just that.
“I am so sorry that I embarrassed you and furthermore I apologize for looking when you did come into this room.  But I will say that you are so beautiful from head to toe just as Katherine was and my eyes enjoyed every minute they looked at you.”
“Well I can truly understand why Katherine was so infatuated with you because you are one of the most handsome men I have ever seen in my short life.”
“Thank you,” he responded.
“Now back to the questions.  If you cannot travel outside of those areas that you mentioned, then how did you know I was a college student, how did you know I had your letter and picture on my wall at the dorm, and how did you know about Brandon?”
“I can sum all those questions up in one word…Sarah.  The first time you came back here to Wisteria you came with Sarah and you two talked about college and your dorm.  The next time you came up with her the two of you talked about those things on the wall and your date with Brandon.  That’s how I knew.”
“Can you touch me,” she asked as she intently looked into his eyes.
“My spirit allows me to move freely in this room that I passed away in and it allows me to get close to you.  I cannot grasp anything so therefore I cannot hold you or touch you but I can use my spiritual awareness to caress you and be near you which is what I have done many times.”
“Were you lying in bed next to me one night and you kissed me on the neck?”
“Yes.”
“I felt you do that, so how was that possible?”
“My spirit can sometimes project an aura that is picked up by things around me.  You were there, you were beautiful, and to me you were my Katherine who had returned to be with me again.  I wanted so badly to be close to you and to hold you and kiss you the way I always had.  That is what you felt.  I am sorry if I frightened you at that time but I have waited so long for the woman I love to return to me and in you I see her.”
“It was beautiful.  I just woke up and sensed that you were there and you had kissed me on the neck and I loved it.”
“That is why I believe we should be together forever.  I know that you are not my Katherine but you are her reincarnation to me.  In you I have a second chance to be with her forever and to do everything in my power to show you how much I love you.”
“But that’s not possible Austin.  We’re in two different places.  You are in your life and I’m here in mine.  The two lines just can’t cross.”
“And I know there must be a way for them to cross.  I know how strong my love is for you and I can feel that you have strong feelings within your body for me too.”
“I do have feelings for you Austin but I believe those feelings are generated by the thoughts of Katherine inside of me, not Kaylee.  I know now everything that happened between you and Kate and I feel a part of that because she is my family and I am in a way part of her.”
“To me you are my Kaylee and I want us to be together forever.”
At that moment she knew she needed to end the meeting and absorb in her mind what had just taken place.
“I need to think about this and say goodnight Austin.”
Kaylee didn’t have to say another word, the image on the mirror faded and she was again looking directly at herself.  As she turned for the bathroom her thoughts told her that he was determined to be with the love of his life forever, and at this moment that person was Kaylee.




Chapter 18 – The Kiss


As she finished in the bathroom she turned the light out and sat in the middle of the bed with her legs crossed. “Now I know you can hear me and I want you to know that I thoroughly enjoyed meeting you face-to-face today.  It was so much better than passing notes back and forth, and most of all I got to see your handsome face in person.  I can see why Kate was so in love with you and I’m so sorry that your relationship was cut short by such a tragic accident.  I can’t wait until tomorrow so that we can talk again and I can find out more about you.  I travelled out to the meadow today, which you probably already know, and I saw the tree that you carved your name into with Kate.  That place is such a beautiful spot and I can see why the two of chose that meadow to be the place you would build your home together.
“Well, goodnight for now and we will talk tomorrow.”
She yawned as she spoke and lazily fell over into the bed pulling the sheets up and puffing up her pillow for a good night’s rest.  Within a matter of minutes she was fast asleep.
It was in the middle of the night that she suddenly sat up in bed focusing her eyes on the empty bed beside her.  She was breathing heavily and her nightwear was soaked with sweat as her heart raced with emotion.  Her dream had her in Austin’s arms making passionate love as he kissed her body from head to foot.  Her breathing echoed through the empty room as she could feel her wet underpants from an apparent orgasm.
“Austin, is that you,” she asked as her breathing slowed down.  “Was it all a dream or was that you beside me?”
She fell back onto the pillow letting the patter of her heart slow to a normal pace while realizing that she had just experienced the most sexual encounter she had ever felt before.  It was wonderful, she thought, as she lay still rethinking every moment of the encounter.  Passion filled her entire body as she tingled with excitement.  She closed her eyes smiling at the joy within her as she fell back asleep for the remainder of the night.
She slept late the next morning, missing breakfast, and decided to just lounge on the balcony until lunchtime.  She composed another note for Austin that was short and to the point like his was to her.
“Were you responsible for my sexual fantasy last night?”
She took a long hot bath and after dressing headed down to the restaurant for lunch.  As soon as the elevator doors opened she ran directly into Dan who was heading for the elevator.
“Well hello stranger, I missed you for breakfast this morning,” he said as he grabbed the elevator door and kept it from shutting.
“I know, I was up late last night reading and just decided to sleep in and take a long hot bath to wake me up.”
“When I didn’t see you this morning I was afraid I had really upset you yesterday with my kiss and hoped I hadn’t ruined everything for myself with that impulse reaction.”
“No you’re fine, or we’re fine,” she said as she rubbed her hand on the side of his arm.  “I was just tired that’s all.”
“Would you still like to do something later today,” he asked.  “I assume you’re getting some lunch now.”
“Sure,” she answered with a smile.  “I’m just going to have half a sandwich and a cup of soup and then we can do something if you like.  What did you have in mind?”
“I thought maybe we’d give the horses and canoes a rest and just take a nice long exercising walk along the trails.”
“Sounds good to me, just give me about half an hour and I’ll meet you out front by the fountain.”
He agreed as he stepped into the elevator and let the door shut.
Kaylee sat eating her soup and sandwich just spending half her time thinking about Dan and half her time thinking about last night and how she woke up so joyous and satisfied.  She had sexual experiences about four other times; the first time being in the eighth grade when she was just gaining the attention of many of the guys and wanted so much to be with this guy named Garrett.  He turned out to be just a normal eighth grade boy full of first time adventures and raging hormones that he just wanted to satisfy.  She was so unhappy that she gave in and gave up her virginity to a sleaze-ball guy just because he was nice looking, so popular with the girls, and talked sweet nothings in her ear.  It would be four years and her junior year in high school before she let that happen again.
This time it was Billy and she just plain fell for him and his flirtatious ways.  She’d pass him in the hallways every day on her way to science class and he just had this unique way of making her feel like she was the only girl in the hallway that mattered.  He didn’t have a reputation in school of being the ladies man so she trusted that he was sincere and accepted a date with him right after he got his license and new car.  She was so surprised when on their first date he sweet-talked her into the back seat and his mesmerizing eye contact made her oblivious to the fact that his hands were all over her.  Before she knew it her panties were off and her second encounter was history.  She never got a look in the hallway from him again.
The next two times were with Jason, the high school quarterback and love of her life, or so she thought.  She knew she would never make the same mistake that she had made with the first two boys so Jason had a much harder time breaking through the ever-growing walls around her.  He wined her, he dined her, and he slowly fell in love with her.  It took her six months to trust him and fall head-over-heels in love with him before she decided to go all the way with him.  It was really the first pleasurable sexual experience she had but was so much more pleasurable for him than her; she seemed to be there solely for his gratification.
After that was over she decided that immaturity on her part and the ‘boys’ she was seeing were not relationships but just physical contact that she was a part of but not pleasured by.  By now the walls were fully built and no one had broken through to this point.
But now there was this physical encounter she experienced overnight, something that hadn’t happened in a long, long time; she couldn’t help but wonder if it was part of a fantastic dream sequence that she had put together in her sleep, or was there really someone there making it all happen.
She looked at the clock on the wall and finishing her last drop of soup, patted her mouth dry and motioned for the bill from the waiter.  After paying she walked out front to find Dan sitting on the edge of the water fountain throwing pennies into the water.
“What are you wishing for,” she asked as she approached him from the rear.
“Oh nothing,” was his only answer.
“Now really, you can’t toss pennies into a fountain without wishing for something,” she insisted.
“Okay,” he finally admitted, “I’m hoping that before I leave tomorrow morning I get another kiss, but this time from you.”
His face turned a beet red as he embarrassed himself with the answer.
“Well we’ll just have to see how the day goes,” she casually said to make him feel a little more at ease.  She knew that he still felt badly about the stolen kiss the other day, so she wanted to inadvertently let him know that all was forgiven.
Their afternoon stroll led them through the entangled wooded terrain and up and down the small quiet valleys surrounding the lodge.  They continued their talk of learning about each other but this time covered more of the present and future rather than the past.  Dan’s life as a computer analyst for so many years had started to bore him so he quit and was currently working as a freelance photographer trying to build a business around weddings, reunions, and special events, more so than individual portraits.
“I took many photography classes throughout school and was really gung-ho to be a portrait photographer when I finished my training; but after the first year of doing that it just wasn’t challenging enough for me.  Still photography only has the challenge of good lighting and a great pose, while candid photography challenges you to get the right shot at the precise moment you need to in order to capture the detail of the situation.”
“Wow, I never heard simple picture taking described with such elegant detail, I’m impressed,” Kaylee said with a flirting smile.
“Now you I’d love to take pictures of,” he said as he stopped walking and faced her holding his two hands in the shape of a square framing her face.  “That luscious inviting smile of yours is so intriguing that it would just pull the camera right in and melt anyone who looked at it.  That is what photography is all about and you my dear would be a great subject.”
“No, no!” she emphasized, “I am not a good subject and besides I hate pictures of myself.”
“Everyone hates pictures of themselves,” he snapped back.
“Well I am just not a good subject.  I just hate the camera pointed at me; it just embarrasses me because I really don’t think I’m photogenic at all.”
“You hate the camera pointed at you because the person taking the picture is just pointing a camera and expecting you to just smile and that’s all you are thinking about.  A real photographer will talk to you and get you involved in the moment; take your mind off of the camera pointing at you and get you to just concentrate on yourself and what you’re doing to make the picture.  It’s not about you; it’s about the end result.”
“Wow, very well said Mr. Photographer man,” she laughed.
“After dinner tonight just let me bring my camera and take a few shots of you before the sun goes down, okay?  Just for the fun of it so I can show you what I mean by taking your mind off of yourself and more so what we’re doing.”
“We’ll see,” she answered as she started walking again.
“So that is your future; your destiny in life?”
“Well I’m not sure if that is my sole purpose in life,” he answered.  “There are probably more important things I’d rather do in life, but right now while I’m young and enjoying my life alone, I do enjoy what I’m doing.  I’m my own boss and completely control my daily activities and I like that.”
“What about when you settle down with someone and start a family?”
“Now that’s different,” he said as he plopped himself down on a large boulder sitting alongside the path.  “Right now I’m just responsible for myself and that’s it; but once I settle down with the woman I love then I want to do whatever is necessary to take care of her.  If I have a great business going and the money is rolling in taking pictures, then I’ll continue to do what I enjoy most; but if I don’t make enough to provide the kind of lifestyle that we want then I’ll look into something else.  Now enough about me what about you; what are your plans once college is behind you?”
“I’m not really sure at this point,” she answered as she strolled around the rock ending up behind him.  “I haven’t declared a degree yet since I’m just in my sophomore year, so I’ll have to decide in the next few months; but I’d like to work with children, young children, like maybe as an elementary school teacher or something like that.”
“So you like kids huh?  Do you plan on having your own kids?”
“Yes I like kids and yes I plan on having my own one day,” she replied as she stood behind him and leaned over wrapping her arms around his shoulders.  “I’m not sure when and I’m definitely not sure how many, I just know it’ll happen when the right man comes along.”
With that statement he shifted his body slightly so he could turn his head facing hers.  They looked into each other’s eyes as they had done the other night when he stole a kiss from her; but now it was her turn.  She leaned over and pressed her lips against his and stayed there savoring the moisture of his soft but manly lips against hers.  Their kiss remained for what seemed like a full minute before she pulled back slightly and just looked into his eyes.
“There, that fulfills your water fountain wish,” she said with yet another flirtatious smile.
“Kaylee, you’ve made my day,” he said as he arose off of the rock and grabbed her hand leading her down the path.




Chapter 19 – The Truth


They spent the next half-hour strolling along the dirt tree-lined path hand-in-hand swinging their adjoined arms as the conversation continued.
After walking and walking without knowing really where they were going, they rounded a bend in the path and approached a bright opening just ahead.  Before they knew it they found themselves in the same meadow they were in yesterday overlooking the valley.
“I can’t believe we’re back at the meadow again,” she said as she let go of his hand and went running into the field of knee-high yellow grass.  “This is where you stole that kiss from me yesterday you sly young man.”
He laughed as he trotted after her and turned her body towards his once they stopped.
“And this is where I’ll steal my next kiss,” he said as he pulled her close to him and pressed gently against her moist lips.  She laid her arms on his shoulders and caressed the back of his neck as his hands moved from her shoulders to around her slender waist.  The kiss was enjoyed by both of them as their combined breathing could now be heard.  She was the first to pull away.
“Wow,” she panted as she turned away.  “That was a kiss and a half.”
“I enjoyed that one too,” he answered.  “It was much better than the one yesterday because yesterday I got plunked in the head with an apple for kissing you over by that tree.”
He pointed in the direction of the tree as they both looked across the meadow.
Kaylee’s eyes squinted as she looked over towards the tree noticing something different about the carving that was inscribed.
“Wait a minute,” she said as she started walking towards the tree, “There’s more carving there today than there was yesterday.
Before Dan could even focus on what she was talking about he started walking to catch up with her as she moved across the meadow.  He heard her still talking as he followed her.
“It’s different than it was yesterday,” she was still saying.
They both arrived at the tree to find a second carving right below the first.  She read the second one out loud.
“Kaylee & Austin, Always & Forever.” 
“Now how did that get there overnight,” she said as she just stared at the new inscription.
“You didn’t sneak back here last night and cave that into the tree just to play with my mind,” asked Dan as he too stared at the tree.
“No, and if you didn’t and I didn’t, then who did?”
Kaylee said those words out loud but she knew in her heart who put the new words on the tree, it was Austin; and she knew he did it to make a point.
“This is creepy, let’s just get out of here and head back to the lodge, I’m getting hungry anyway.  It’s got to be close to dinner time,” she said to end the mystery and get Dan’s mind on something else.  She started running away from the tree and towards the path leading back into the woods towards the lodge.  He chased after her and before long they had slowed their pace to a casual walk and the mystery subject had been put behind them, much to her delight.
They continued their talks about their future plans and as they looked down the long straight pathway they could see the edge of the lodge beginning to appear in the distance.
“You may be hungry but I’m starving,” Dan said as he took off and ran ahead of her down the path acting crazy as he ran.
She continued to walk for a moment as she laughed and watched his antics before suddenly jumping back and freezing in place.  There in front of her was a large rattlesnake that had withered out of the brush and was coiled at her feet ready to strike.  She screamed in horror as she put her hands to her mouth while never taking her eyes off the attacking snake.
Dan heard her scream and immediately stopped his playfulness and ran full speed back towards where she was standing.  He was about ten feet from her when he saw the snake fly through the air and land about ten feet in the brush of the woods.
“Are you alright Kaylee,” he asked as he reached her and cupped his hands around both of her arms.  “Did it strike you?”
“She let out a sigh of relief as she put her arms around his neck and hugged him tight.  “No it didn’t bite me but it was about to.  I was so scared I just froze and couldn’t do anything.”
“Did you see that snake just fly through the air as if something or someone picked it up and threw it into the woods,” he asked as he held her close and looked over towards the spot that the snake had disappeared in the bushes.
“I did,” she answered.  “I can’t explain how that crazy snake went flying through the air but I’m sure glad it was a flying snake and not a biting snake.”
They both kind of snickered at her comment as they released each other and left the scene.
“Let’s just get out of here before he comes back and makes a meal out of my leg,” she said as they both started a fast-paced walk towards the lodge.  Again Kaylee knew what had happened back on the path; she knew that she was probably saved by Austin who picked up the snake and saved her from its poison fangs.
Just about the whole dinner conversation between Kaylee and Dan and their waiter was centered on the snake that almost bit her.  She was glad when they finished and walked away from that conversation which now changed to their parting ways with Dan going back home in the morning.
“It’s been a great two days and I really do hate to see it end Kaylee,” he said as they walked out of the lodge and stood by the now quiet fountain of water.
“Me too,” she replied as she looked down into the still water of the fountain.  “I had a real good time and want to thank you for spending time with me.  It was a real treat getting to learn a little about this guy I’ve been talking to on my other visits to this place, so I feel like I at least know a little about who you are now.”
He walked over directly behind her and put his hands around her waist and rested his chin on her shoulder as he too looked into the water.
“I do feel closer to you now than I ever have before,” he repeated as he noticed the reflection of the moon in the water.
She felt so safe and warm in his arms and enjoyed the moment as they watched the reflection of the moon moving ever so slowly across the water.  She wanted to just spin around and embrace him and seal the night with another wonderful kiss from this man she was beginning to get closer and closer to, but her heart said this was not the moment, that she needed to make some decisions regarding Austin.
“I’m a little chilled so I think I’ll head in now.  Thanks again for a great few days and I’ll be looking forward to our next meeting whenever that may be,” she said as she pulled away and walked towards the lodge entrance.
Reaching the front door he turned her towards him and kissed her on the tip of her nose and then her lips.  Pulling her body close to his they embraced tightly as their lips pressed hard and their bodies were tight against each other.  She felt her heart pounding with excitement as their kiss was strong and sent a meaningful message throughout her body.
They parted and said their goodbyes as she entered the elevator and headed up to her room; her heart pounding as she felt the adrenalin flowing hot through her body from their goodnight kiss.  She went into her room and just fell on the bed thinking of the kiss and the great weekend she had with Dan.  She also thought about the new carvings on the tree and the incident with the snake which told her that Austin was with her all the time she was with Dan.  She knew she had to talk to him again.
She walked over to the mirror, asked to speak with him and within seconds Austin appeared.  
“Good evening my love,” he said even before his image had fully surfaced.
“Good evening Austin.  I see you were with me a few times today,” she said as pulled her favorite chair over in front of the mirror.  “You not only saved me from the rattlesnake but you carved a new etching into the tree.”
“That is true my love.”
“But I thought you couldn’t touch things.  You touched the snake and you touched the tree.  How is that possible?”
“I did not lie to you Kaylee, I cannot touch things, but I can project my spiritual image to do things that are truly important to me.  I cannot do anything and everything, but when I sense that something needs to be done then I have the powers to do it.  The snake was a danger to the woman I love and the inscription was to show my love for you to the world.”
“But Austin, you don’t love me, you love Kate.  I am not Kate; I am Kaylee a descendant two generations past her, her great-granddaughter.  It is not me that you love but the image of her that I resemble.”
“It sounds as if your heart is not with me but with your friend Daniel,” he responded.
“Dan is a very new and very dear friend of mine that I have just recently met up here…..but why am I telling you this, you already know!”
“Yes I know of Daniel, but I don’t know what is in your heart.”
Kaylee at this point knew that she had to be very careful with her words so as not to upset him or give him the wrong impression.
“Austin I care for you deeply.  I have had this inner feeling about you ever since I got your first note and ever since I got your picture.  I didn’t know at that moment where those things came from but I had a tingling in my heart that told me that I had to find out where these things came from.  When I left here I talked to my mother and my grandmother about what had happened and through them I came to know the story that is your story, the story of Katherine and you.  So as you can see, you are deep within me because of who you are and who you were in love with before your awful accident that changed your lives forever.  I cannot be Kate but I can be a very close and good friend of yours.  Is that good enough for you?”
There was silence for a minute as she watched a visibly upset Austin gain his composure.
“I will say this to you Kaylee.  I have waited patiently all these years with the hope that my Katherine would return to the place that we both came to love and we would together continue to share our life of love.  Now I feel that all of my years of waiting have paid off.  I did not give up and go to the light, I remained here and now you have come to me.  You may not be Kate but you are a part of her and the part that I truly love.  If you do not love me in the same way or you cannot love me at this moment, than I will be patient and I will win your love back, just as I won Kate’s heart many years ago.  I beg of you to please give me that chance.  Give me the chance to show you what feelings I have for you and what I have to offer.  Please!”
She saw the seriousness in his face and she was frightened at what he was proposing.  She had to think but she had one last question.
“Austin I need an answer to what I asked you earlier…did you make love to me in bed last night?”
“Yes, it was wonderful.”
“Austin I must go for now, I promise I will think about what you have said and we’ll talk again tomorrow.  Goodnight for now.”
With that his image disappeared as she went over to the balcony to lock up for the night.  She still had tons of information running through her mind as she gathered her nightclothes and headed for the bathroom.  She stood at the bathroom sink just staring into the mirror; one she knew wouldn’t talk back to her, and looked intently at her face.  She felt like she had aged the last week or so with so many issues and decisions facing her.  She came up to this place to relax and get away from it all but it had turned out to be the exact opposite of her intention.  
This man that was a part of her family history wanted to be with her forever and the consequences of that frightened her.  She loved talking to him and completing the puzzle of their history but she knew a relationship with a ghost wasn’t what she wanted in life.  Staring into the mirror she couldn’t help but smile and quiver as she thought of what she had experienced the night before, a passion that was beyond her wildest dream.  But it was that, just a dream, nothing more, she thought to herself as she closed the door, undressed, and ran a bath before dressing for dinner.
The whole thing was just exhausting.




Chapter 20 – The Surprise


Tired from the long exciting day she decided to take a nice hot bath instead of a shower so she could relax and contemplate her feelings.  It felt so good to get in a hot tub of water for a change since her frantic days at school were filled with quick showers and little enjoyment.  
Steam rose from the bathtub as she tested it with her foot and slithered into the water letting out a sigh of relief as she settled her body into place.  She didn’t bother to wash herself or attempt to do anything except enjoy the hot soothing water as it covered every inch of her body.  Closing her eyes she breathed in the hot steam and began to run through her mind the day with Dan and how exciting his kisses made her feel.  It was then that she drifted off into a world of her own just fantasizing what might have happened if she were to continue in the direction this relationship with Dan seemed to be headed.
As she lay in the tub she could feel a warmth with her body as her mind drifted to Dan and the thoughts of a relationship that she had always dreamed about.  She envisioned the two of them together in an embrace that sent chills through her warm body as she shivered involuntarily below the hot water.  As her mind continued to dream of the possibilities she became excited at the thought of Dan beside her and the touch of his hands on her soft body.  
Suddenly she snapped out of her dream as she felt a cold puff of wind interrupt the warmness of her hot bathroom.  Her eyes popped open as she looked towards the closed door bewildered at first at the sudden blast of cold air.  She knew what it was.  It was Austin.
She immediately threw her hands and arms over herself covering up at the thought of someone looking at her naked in the bathtub.
“Austin is that you?” she asked and paused as if expecting an answer.
“I don’t like the thought of you seeing me and everything I do,” she continued as she talked to the room.  “I’m a women and I need my privacy, please leave the room.  I thought you promised you wouldn’t come in here?” 
She knew her question and demand would not be acknowledged but she needed the satisfaction of telling him she wasn’t crazy about not having her privacy.
She gave up just talking to herself as she finished her bath and changed into something comfortable to relax on the balcony until dinner time.  Upon entering her bedroom she noticed a note lying in the middle of the bed that she knew wasn’t there before her bath.  She opened it and read Austin’s words.

Kaylee my dear,
In answer to your question, yes that was me interrupting your bath.  When I’m there with you, your body is so exciting and beautiful that I just can’t control myself and feel compelled to look at every inch of you.  I have missed seeing you so very much that my memory had begun to fade before you entered my life again.  Now I must use the valuable time that I have with you to be close to you.  I only wish I could touch you.  I tried while you were in the bath but I just cannot communicate in that form.  I am so sorry that I cannot communicate with you in any other way except by the written word.  It is as frustrating to me as it is to you but I know that I would much rather enjoy the pleasures that we have together than to have no time with you as I have had for so many years now.  The waiting over these years has been excruciating and something I never want to go through again which is why I try and spend as much time with you as I can.  I am with you whenever you are in this room and this is the only place I can communicate with you.  I can see you when you are on the grounds to the lodge or at my gravesite but I cannot communicate directly with you as I can in the room.
I do have one surprise for you though, tomorrow, if you travel to my gravesite, you’ll be delighted to see I’ve visited there.

Loving every minute of being with you, Austin

“Well, that explains a lot of things Austin, and thank you for the note explaining everything to me,” Kaylee said as she looked around the empty room.  “I’m excited about finding out what the surprise is tomorrow, but really, it does freak me out and totally embarrass me that you can see everything I do and I can’t see you at all.  That is just not fair.”
Going over to the balcony entrance and opening the french doors, she breathed in the cool brisk air as she arranged the chair to face the setting sun.  She ran over in her mind the things Austin had said in the note and continued her comments to him as she sat with her feet propped up on the surrounding railing.  
“Austin I can’t get over how I feel inside when I read one of your wonderful notes to me and I get shivers all over my body when I feel a cool breeze that tells me you are near; I’m just amazed that I can feel your presence and it’s like you’re right there with me, which I assume you are.   I do treasure the time we have together so I’m not going to complain about it, I just want to enjoy what we have while I’m up here visiting.  It’s wonderful that we can speak face-to-face now and I hope that we can be honest with each other.”
Kaylee was getting comfortable now talking to Austin as if he were there in the room with her.  At first it seemed awkward or stupid, but now that she knew he was always there, she could have the one-way conversation and hoped that anything she asked him he would reply via a note or during their talks.  Their talks and notes made her feel good inside because she felt as if she was helping to fulfill his dream that had been crushed by the terrible accident.  She wanted so much to see him happy after all these years of waiting for the love of his life to return and she just couldn’t crush his dream by walking away in silence.
She enjoyed a short dinner and retired early that night, eager to get up early the next morning, have a quick breakfast, and travel out to the gravesite to investigate her surprise.  She had no idea what it would be, but spent most of her idle time thinking about it.
The next morning she was up bright and early, had breakfast, and was over at the stables getting a horse by eight in the morning.  Saddled up, she rode down the long pathway that led out of the main entrance and down a short distance to the dirt road that led to the graveyard.  She had wondered how Austin could do anything at the gravesite since he seemed to only be actively present on the grounds to the lodge, but not knowing much about ghosts or spirits she just wasn’t sure about anything except what he told her.
Arriving at the graveyard she tied her horse to the entrance gate and walked back about 100 yards to where she knew his resting place was located.  Her eyes scanned the whole area and the gravestone to see if there was anything there that he may have placed there for her but there was nothing.  She reread the inscription and could see that it had been changed and now read “My heart belongs to Kaylee”, he had changed the inscription from Katherine to Kaylee.  She knelt down in front of the gray granite stone and rubbed her fingers along her inscribed name as a tear ran down her cheek.
“Austin that is so wonderful, I can’t believe you did that for me; but please don’t forgo your love for Katherine just for me.  She is your first and one true love and you just don’t realize that you can still be with her,” she said as she looked intently at the words written on the stone.  She knew deep in her heart that this wonderful man was devastated by his loss and looked at her as the fulfillment of that dream, but also knew that even though she looked like her great-grandmother Katherine she couldn’t take the place of his one true love and she knew she had to convince him of that.
Spirits remain at their earthly location because they are trapped their because of unfinished business and she knew if she could convince him that if he went into the light he could be with her again.  It was just something she had to do for her great-grandmother’s sake.




Chapter 21 – The Confession


Thrilled at her new discovery yet disheartened at what she knew she must do, Kaylee bid his gravesite a tearful farewell and headed back to the lodge.  She took the long way deciding to enjoy the warm sunny morning sun and contemplate her strategy in convincing Austin the right thing to do.
As she rode she could hear another horse trotting in the distance and was surprised to see Dan riding around the next turn towards her.
“Surprise, surprise,” he yelled as he approached and brought his horse to a stop besides hers.  “You never know what pleasantries you’re going to run into on a morning ride through the woods.”
Kaylee smiled as they both leaned towards each other with a welcome kiss.
“Yes this is quite a welcome surprise,” she answered as she dismounted her horse.  “What brings you out on this fantastic morning?”
“Just had breakfast and wanted to get out in the fresh air and enjoy the day,” was his answer as he too dismounted and came to her side.  “How about you?”
“The same,” she replied as they both took their reins and walked down the path side-by-side.  “I thought you were going home this morning.”
“I was but I decided to stay an extra day and was hoping I would run into you so we could do something together.”
She smiled and looked into his eyes as their free hands came together as one.  Kaylee really had strong feelings for Dan and she knew deep in her heart that this was something she didn’t want to let go of.  The few men she let into her life were disappointing to her but there was the strong chance that this was the one for her, she just had to figure out whether to let her heart fall for this man or should she put caution to the wind and keep up her guard.  Her mind always referred back to her past experiences with relationships and there was no way she wanted to put her heart out there only to get stepped on again.  But her heart told her Dan was different, a man not a boy, a person who showed her respect, true emotions. 
“What were you doing way up this way,” Dan asked as they walked together leading the horses.
“I came up here to visit the old cemetery down that dirt road,” she answered as she turned and pointed back towards the road.  “An old friend of my great-grandmother is buried there and I told my Mom I’d pay him a visit while I was up here.”
“Oh that’s nice,” he replied back, “did you find his gravesite okay?”
“Yep, no problem,” she answered as she momentarily contemplated whether to tell him any more of the story or just leave it at that.  “So what did you have in mind for today?”
“I thought maybe we’d take the shuttle bus into town this morning and just walk around and maybe have lunch there, and then this afternoon maybe we could just paddle around the lake and relax.  How’s that sound?”
“Sounds like a great day,” she agreed as she looked at her watch.  “The shuttle bus leaves on the hour so let’s saddle up and turn the horses in and we can probably make the ten o’clock bus.”
He agreed as they got on their horses and raced off towards the stables.  Every time they rode together it always turned out to be just a casual ride, side-by-side, enjoying the ride as well as staying close to each other; but this time she raced off ahead of him challenging him to beat her to their destination which he immediately picked up on.
Whether by chance or on purpose, he let her arrive at the stables first, complaining that her fast head start did him in.
“Okay, you beat me this time but I demand a rematch,” he laughed as he dismounted and took the reins of both horses and led them into the stable area.
Kaylee just smiled back at him as she brushed the few strands of horse hair off her jeans while she waited.
They were in plenty of time to catch the next bus and spent the whole twenty-minute trip just casually talking about his job and future plans.  Before they knew it, the bus pulled up in town, letting them off at the corner post office where the driver said he would return to pick up passengers at eleven-thirty and one-thirty.
They gave him a thumbs-up and headed down the brick-paved sidewalk towards the storefronts.
Millville was a small quaint town that was just at the outskirts of the mountain range where the lodge resided.  It was the kind of small town that if you blinked when driving through, you would miss the bulk of the town since there were no traffic lights to impede your trip.  There were probably fifteen stores, shops, and businesses on each side of the two-lane street, each with that authentic old-time look of yesteryear.
“Have you ever been here before,” Dan asked as they walked along hand-in-hand.
“Nope, never really ventured away from the lodge because every time I came up here all I wanted to do was just relax and do nothing; and then you came along and ruined all that!”
“Oh ruining your time to yourself, I guess I am guilty of that,” he admitted as he wrapped his arm around her shoulder and pulled her close.  “But look on the bright side, now you don’t have to listen to yourself talk all day…I’m here to listen…and I love every minute of it.”
She just looked over and smiled as she let her eyes talk to his eyes. 
They spent the better part of the morning just roaming the shops and having a good time getting acquainted with each other.  A few times she came close to telling him more about her great-grandmother’s friend but decided against it because she was afraid she’d get to a point where she would have to lie to cover up the fact that she was now communicating with a spirit.
By the time they were ready for lunch they both were tired from walking and ready to sit down for a while.  They chose a small deli in the middle of town that they had noticed was full of patrons earlier, so they thought it must be good.
As they ate Kaylee could feel the conversation shift from casual talk to more serious talk about the two of them and their growing relationship.  She wasn’t sure how to reply to a lot of his suggestions; she just knew she felt very attracted to him and definitely wanted to continue their relationship in hopes that it would lead to something more, but at this point in time she was so unsure how to handle her other relationship, or whatever you would call it.  It was the perfect time for her to explain things to Dan but how do you explain that you have feelings for a ghost; she knew it was better just to wait.
“Dan, my life, as casual as it seems to you, is busy with quite a few things right now which include school and personal items but hopefully those things will be resolved soon so just give me a little time to unclutter my life then we’ll continue this talk, okay,” she asked as she tried to pacify his questions with some kind of explanation.
“It will be resolved soon,” he asked in a puzzled confused voice.
“All I’m asking is that you give me a little space and time to get back to normal and get things resolved because I want nothing more than to continue our relationship.  I have enjoyed our time together so much and just feel so good when we’re together that I never want it to end.  I promise that I will explain everything to you as soon as I can, all I ask is that you give me a little time, okay?”
“You got it,” Dan replied as he reached over and wrapped both his hands around hers, assuring her that he understood and would comply with her wishes.
They dropped the subject as they finished their lunch and returned to the street to visit a few more shops before the transit bus arrived to return them to the lodge.
Their afternoon continued on the lake where they took a canoe and paddled out to the middle where the conversation surprisingly went back to Kaylee’s comments.
“I’m just curious,” Dan asked as they stopped paddling and drifted on the still water.  “When you say personal items are you referring to another relationship with someone?  I suspect you weren’t lying to me before and you really are involved in another relationship.”
Kaylee wasn’t angry at him for bringing up the subject again because she knew that it was her fault for letting it go this long before saying something to him, so she tested the waters.
“Yes Dan this is a fairly new personal matter that I formed shortly before I met you.  Whenever I made trips to the lodge it was always to relax and get away from school life, there was never any intention of meeting someone; and then you came along.  Because of other things in my life I didn’t really want to get involved with you but as you can see, you’ve stolen my heart enough that here we are.”
Dan leaned over towards her and putting his hand behind her neck pulled her towards him.  Their lips met in a warm tender kiss that lasted until her breathing became quite pronounced.
“See what I mean,” she exclaimed as she pretended to wipe the sweat from her brow.  “You just get my heart going pitter-patter and I am just out of control.  How come you have that effect on me Mr. Dan Franklin?”
“Because you’re a sucker for a handsome debonair young man, that’s why,” he answered with a smile as he threw both hands out to each side as if to present himself to her.
“Oh and where is this handsome debonair young man that you would like me to meet,” she replied with a laugh.
He couldn’t resist leaning back over and kissing her again on the neck, the cheek, and the tip of her nose.  She caught his lips as he was pulling away and they again embraced in a long kiss.
Finally separating he asked, “So does this other guy still mean a lot to you at this point?”
“I’ll be perfectly honest with you Dan; I just don’t know what to do.  I certainly am not the type of girl to lead you on, that’s just not me.  I’ve always been so cautious and protective of myself that rarely do I let many guys into my personal life, I’ve always been that way since I got hurt many times back in my school days, so to have someone that I feel strongly about really blows my mind, but I will tell you this, and I’m being perfectly honest with you.  This personal matter and I use the word personal very loosely because it is not really what you would call a problem…” she stopped as she just didn’t know how to explain to him the circumstances without sounding like an idiot.
“It’s okay Kaylee, I think I understand what you’re trying to tell me and I can see you’re having a really tough time explaining it, so just let it go, I understand.”
“I just really want this to work between us Dan, so just trust me and give me a little time to figure things out and I promise I’ll be honest with you, okay?”
He agreed as they spent the remainder of the afternoon gliding around the lake enjoying the day and most definitely enjoying each other’s company. 




Chapter 22 – The History


They returned the boat and decided to have a final dinner together before Dan hit the road to return home.  It was an interesting dinner because they both spent the time getting to know each other’s past, the good parts and the bad.  Kaylee really enjoyed the conversation because knowing how she felt about Dan she wanted him to know everything about her, her strong points as well as her weaknesses.  His life was fairly simple since he was admittedly a workaholic which allowed him little time to socialize with the ladies.  But he did admit to two serious relationships over the years, both of which ended primarily due to his rigid work schedule.  He didn’t want to scare Kaylee away with this admission so he assured her that is why he quit his computer analyst job and started a new career working for himself as a professional photographer.  On her part, Kaylee tried to explain the shortcomings of her dating-life by playing both on her lack of self-esteem and the absence of a father figure during her later years of growing up.  Her dad had past away from cancer when she was fourteen years old and her mom never remarried.  It was a difficult time in their lives and one that took her mother many, many years to accept.  That difficult time added immensely to Kaylee’s image problem as well as her fear of being left alone in a relationship like her mother.
“I’m so very sorry to hear about your father,” Dan said as he placed his hand on her forearm.  “I knew you only mentioned your mom when we were talking so I didn’t know if he was a part of your life or not.”
“He was a wonderful man and made my childhood years exciting and full of many happy memories.  I remember he used to always refer to me as Daddy’s Little Girl and that always brought a tear to my eye in later years, especially when he called me that in his last few days.”
Kaylee stopped to wipe a small tear from her eye as Dan gave her a tissue and continued to comfort her.
“That’s the most important part for you to remember is the memories your dad created for you.  My dad is still alive but to this day I can’t be around him without laughing about all the good times we had when I was growing up, he made my life just so fulfilling and it sounds like your dad did the same.”
“He did, and it’s the most memorable part of my childhood is him always being there whenever I needed help or needed a laugh.  I always loved sports and he was more than enthusiastic when I wanted to participate since he didn’t have a son to cheer on.  But mom always put a halt to me taking part in sports, especially the rough and tough ones, so he would always try to pacify her and stand up for what his little girl wanted.  I would eventually give in and take part on the sidelines either as an assistant to the coach or as a cheerleader, which is what got me into cheerleading in high school.  He taught me everything I needed to know in life, except of course how to handle my relationships,” she said with a snicker.
“Oh so you were a cheerleader…wow, I can just picture you now jumping up and down cheering on your team.  That’s funny because for some reason I always pictured you as a cheerleader; I guess you just have that standard cheerleader look.”
“And what is the standard cheerleader look,” she asked.
“Oh you know, beautiful hair, a bright smile, a great figure…the kind of girl guys like to look at.”
“I think you’re trying to make brownie points with me on that statement,” she laughed.
“Well I think your parents did a fantastic job at bringing up a fine young woman and I’m sure they are both proud of you.  I just thank them both, your mom for protecting you for the perils of sports and your dad for leading you into cheerleading,” he said with a smile.
She smiled as she finished her glass of wine and rubbed the top of his hand in appreciation.  
They finished their fact-filled dinner and parted ways agreeing that he would give her some space to clear her mind and solve her problems.   Dan decided to leave immediately after dinner and gave her his cell phone number to call at any time if she wanted to talk or to let him know when she would be returning to the lodge.
Each time they parted now is tugged a little harder on her heart strings just saying goodbye and not knowing when they would see each other again.  Their relationship to this point had been no more than holding hands, snuggling, and a few good passionate kisses; but her heart told her she was beginning to care deeply for him and her body told her she wanted more and more out of this relationship.




Chapter 23 – The Request


The sun was just starting to drift behind the treetops as she decided to take a short stroll outside before retiring to her room for the night.  Her mind was just racing thinking about Dan and how much they seemed right for each other and how he finally seemed like someone she could believe and trust in.  It was so difficult for her to let anyone into her boundaries and at first he was no exception; but as time had passed he just melted her heart and slowly the walls seemed to be coming down for him.
Her biggest problem now was Austin.  
She sat down on the fountain wall facing the setting sun as she contemplated what exactly to do about her ghost.  It would be so easy just to walk away from the lodge and be done with her spiritual friend forever; just meet Dan somewhere else and the problem would be solved.  But it wasn’t that simple for her because she knew deep inside that Austin was in her family past and just ignoring him would be ignoring her family.  She felt as if she owed it to her great-grandmother to see this thing through regardless of where it ended up.
As the sun set below the trees and the darkness of the night began to fill the air she got up off the wall and took one more stroll around the secluded circle.  It was quiet and peaceful and she was alone except for a small delivery truck that had just pulled into the lodge entranceway.  The entire lodge was just so peaceful and calming that she was sorry to see the sun disappear and force her into her room for the night even though she knew she would end up out on her balcony to continue breathing in the nighttime air.
Her mind wandered back and forth as the start of the van engine interrupted her wandering mind and she headed for the entrance for the night.  Grabbing an apple from the reception desk she took the elevator up to the fourth floor and down to her room where she did her usual checking of the room before locking up.  She didn’t quite go through the ritual she used to since she now knew of Austin and his spiritual existence, but she still checked all the rooms to ensure she was indeed alone.
Just as she finished changing into her favorite nighttime clothes there was a knock on the door.
Kaylee slowly cracked the door open to see one of the hotel attendants standing with a bouquet of flowers in his hands.
“Delivery for you ma’am,” he said with a smile.
“Thank you so much, what a surprise this is,” she responded as she took the flowers with a puzzled look on her face.
Closing the door she went over to her favorite chair, sat cross-legged and opened the small white envelope that was attached to the delivery.

‘To Kaylee, Thank you for a wonderful three days.  When you feel your problems are resolved, I’ll be patiently waiting for your call.
Fondly thinking of you, Dan.’

She leaned back in the chair with a huge smile on her face as she laid the note on the table beside her chair and admired the beautiful pink roses that he had sent.  It was probably only the third or fourth time in her life that someone had sent her roses so she took her time admiring them and their wonderful aroma.
Placing the vase in the center of the table in front of the balcony doors she walked backwards staring at them as she sat on the edge of the bed.  The other two times she had received roses were from her dad, once when she graduated from high school and once for Valentine’s Day right after she had broken off a relationship with one of her few boyfriends.  One was a happy day and the other a sad day, but Dad always knew how to make her smile by treating her special.  She was truly his little girl always.
It was as thoughts of her dad were dancing through her mind that she felt a swift cool breeze glide past her face and knew instantly what that meant.
“Well hello Austin, I didn’t know if you were here or not,” she said as she looked around the empty room.  “As you can see Dan sent me some flowers as a thank you for a wonderful couple of days we spent together.  Now I know that probably makes you mad but you have to back off a little bit and realize, like I said before, that I have to live some kind of life here.  Surely you understand that?  He is a fine man and he treats me very special, so you should be happy that he is such a gentleman to me.  I am not Kate I am Kaylee and she is extremely happy to have met someone who finally treats her with respect and is a gentleman, just as I am sure you were with Katherine when the two of you met.  I do not mean to make you sad or jealous but as I have said before I want to be truthful with you and make you understand we are in two different worlds.  It’s just so tough for me Austin because this is just so much for me to comprehend.  I usually can talk to my mom or my best friend Sarah about everything, but how do I explain a ghost?”
She fell back on the bed frustrated about talking to an empty room.  The entire situation just made her more aware of the fact that Dan was real and Austin was not.  How could she possibly continue this absurd association with a ghost while someone she truly cared about was on-hold waiting for her to make some decisions.  There was no decision to be made, she had to rationalize the situation with Austin and make him realize that he had to go into the light and look for Kate, his one true love.
Exasperated with it all, she got up off the bed and walked out onto the balcony leaning over to smell her roses as she walked by.
Resting her arms on the railing she knew she had to confront Austin in some way but drew a blank trying to figure out how to go about it.  She didn’t want to just brush him off since his roots were so deep into her family but she also didn’t want to spend a lot of time dragging things along with Dan patiently waiting in the wings.  She wanted to move ahead with her relationship with Dan so she knew she had to do something other than just talking to an empty room.
She turned to reenter the room and saw a note lying on the bed.
Sitting down she began to read.

My dearest Kaylee,
I am only with you in spirit but I still sense your frustration at our different places in life.  You are young and beautiful and have your whole life ahead of you while I am in a life-hereafter, having experienced much more of what life has to offer than you have.  I have spent the better part of my life in love with Kate and have spent many, many years waiting for her to reenter my life so that we can fulfill our dreams and be together always.
I know that you are not Kate.  But you are alive with the beauty of her and are to me the reincarnation of the woman I love.  You have her looks, her smell, her personality, and I sense that you do have a desire to be with me as she did.  I am frustrated also.  I have waited a long time to be rejoined with the one I love and with you now in sight I hate the fact that I cannot touch you, hold you, or whisper words in your ear that describe my love for you.
I know that Dan is there and he, as you say, is real and I am not.  But I am real.  I am here, I do communicate with you, and I am ready to continue giving you the love that I gave to Kate.
I ask that you please don’t make a hasty decision.  That you let us figure out a way for the two of us to be together forever, in love, for eternity.  Please don’t kill my dream.
Always and Forever, Austin

Kaylee again collapsed backwards on the bed engulfed in the words of the letter with her decision that seemed so logical and straightforward now more complicated than ever.  Austin was aware of everything happening in her life and was more devoted to her love than ever, more determined to win her love and have them spend eternity together.  Kaylee closed her eyes as she mulled over what to do next; how does she convince Austin that she cannot come into his world and be with him forever.  She fell sound asleep in thought.




Chapter 24 – The Temptation


Waking up early to the sound of birds chirping through her open balcony doors, she was surprised to find herself still in her loungewear yet curled up in the covers on her bed.
Quickly remembering the happenings of the evening before, she rolled over burying her head in the sheets.  The total frustration with the entire situation was so fresh in her mind and still vivid in her memory.  She needed something to eat and glancing at the clock she could see she still had plenty of time to make it downstairs for breakfast.  Changing out of her loungewear she caught a sniff of her beautiful flowers as she locked the room and went down to the restaurant for her favorite meal of the day.
She usually enjoyed a big breakfast of scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, toast, and a hot cup of decaf coffee and this morning was no exception; in fact she even asked for two eggs instead of one.  It seemed all of her thinking and contemplating from the night before had rendered her quite hungry to start the day.
“Will you be having breakfast alone this morning ma’am,” the waiter asked with his friendliest morning smile.
“Yes, thank you,” she answered, wishing her reply to that question would have been no, make that breakfast for two.
She knew in her mind that breakfast for two meant Dan certainly not Austin because of the reality of the situation.  Her mind seemed made up as she paid for her meal and went up to her room.  She felt good about her decision and decided her first order of business would be calling Dan to see if maybe he could come back to the lodge for one or two of her last four days.
Opening the door to her room she was astonished at the scene before her.  Her entire room, the floor, the bed, and everything around were covered with red rose pedals.  It was simply amazing to see and the aroma in the room was absolutely heavenly.  On her bed was a note.

My dearest Kaylee,
I realize in your mind right now I am no competition to Dan, your real, right-there-now, friend, but I want you to realize that I have much more to offer than you can imagine.
With Dan there are no guarantees, you take your chances that his love is true and will be there whenever you want it, but with me you have the guarantee that my love will be forever.  If you join me you will be rewarded with an eternity of love and devotion that no man on earth can equal.
On top of that you will be surrounded by all the people who love you in the most tranquil environment imaginable.  One of those people is your dad Jonathan.  Yes he is here and I have spoken to him.  He misses you deeply and cherishes the moment that he will be reunited with you forever.
I wait patiently for your decision,
Yours forever, Austin

Kaylee dropped the note on the bed as a tear ran down the side of her cheek.
“My dad,” she asked, “you have spoken with my dad?”
She was absolutely flabbergasted by the thought of seeing or speaking with her dad again, but just didn’t see how that was possible.
“I’m sorry Austin, I just don’t believe you.  My dad is the most important man in my life and the thought of you speaking with him sends shivers down my spine.  Prove it to me!  Prove to me that you have spoken with my father,” she demanded as she locked all the doors and went in to take a hot shower before changing.
It was one thing to ensure her of love forever, especially with someone who was so important in her family history and whose mere presence meant so much to her, but to bring her dad into the scenario was just too overwhelming to think about.
She dried off, changed, and went out into the bedroom to find all of the rose pedals gone and a single note in the center of her pillow.  She walked hesitantly towards the head of the bed and slowly sat down staring directly at the small piece of folded paper.  She was afraid to pick it up.
After what seemed like hours, she reached over and opened the note.
Inside was a single written word, that’s all, one single word that caused her to drop the note on the bed and break down crying.  Tears flowed freely from her eyes and she put both hands up to her face and cried like a baby.  It wasn’t real, it just couldn’t be, she thought, but in fact it was.  She again picked up the note and looked inside to see the word ‘snookles’…the name her dad called her when she was growing up.  It was his pet-name for her as a child and he was the only one who called her that when he was tucking her into bed at night.  She had her doubts that even her mother knew of that pet-name.  It was theirs and theirs alone.
She wiped the tears from her eyes knowing that Austin had in fact talked with her dad which to her meant everything he said was true.  She could be with her dad again if she chose to be with Austin.
I have to get out of this room she thought to herself as she grabbed her sneakers and keys and closed the door behind her.  She knew she needed to get in another environment so she could think with a clear head.  Walking down to the lobby in her stocking feet, she stopped at a small loveseat and put on her shoes to go for a much needed walk alone.
She knew a nice long walk alone was what she needed and decided to walk around the lake and into the woods towards the meadow.  It was a beautiful sunlit day with just a few white puffy clouds in the blue sky, a perfect day to walk and think.




Chapter 25 – The Memories


This just changes everything, she thought to herself.  I have been with Dan and ever moment we are together has been wonderful.  There hasn’t been any intimacy in our relationship to this point but I have these huge feelings for him and want nothing more than to be together with him constantly; yet I know the circumstances with Austin too.  A man that has proven his character before in my family and wants nothing more than to make me happy forever, guaranteed.  Plus my dad is there!  I’m certainly not going to end my life and join Austin forever but if I agree to continue our meetings and let his love for me continue then maybe I can see my dad and actually speak with him.  How could I turn down a chance to see my dad again!
A smile came to her face as she thought of her childhood and how she would run down the hallway to her room and jump in her white four-poster bed every night quickly getting her whole body under the covers.  She would hear his giant stomping footsteps coming slowly down the hallway as her dad marched his way towards her room with his hands extended over his head.
“Where is my snookles,” he would say in a low voice as he entered the room.
She would throw her head under the covers and begin giggling as she shivered with excitement waiting for her dad to finally get to the bed and grab her through the covers.
“There’s my snookles,” he would say as he pulled the covers down and proceeded to smother her face and neck in kisses.
She laughed out loud as she thought of that repetitive sequence that went on every night of her childhood life; a precious moment that she shared only with her dad.
She couldn’t remember when those moments of snookles and her dad ended but she was sure it was probably a moment when she felt she had outgrown it, and now she thought of her dad and how sad he must have been when he lost his little snookles to maturity.
She had reached the edge of the woods overlooking the meadow of yellow grass that swayed side to side in the gentle breeze.  She leaned against a tree as she again wiped the small tears from her eyes; tears that were caused by the memories of her dad and his little girl.
Glancing over at the inscribed tree, she walked to the edge of the meadow where a large boulder protruded from the ground overlooking the valley below.  It was a beautiful sight looking out over the forest and she knew instantly why Austin and Kate had chosen this spot to be their future home.  Looking down over the vast valley, you felt on top of the world with all of nature below you.  Even the birds were flying below you.  It was just magnificent!
“What do I do,” she said out loud as she looked out over the valley.  “What do I do with the rest of my life?  I’ve wanted love for so very long and now I am at the doorstep of two relationships that both mean so very much to me.  One seems so simple because all I have to do is pick up my cell phone and make a call; and the other seems so complicated and unrealistic that it seems too big a challenge to tackle.”
She reached in her pocket and pulled out her cell phone, staring down at it as if it would make a decision for her.
“So simple yet so hard,” she repeated as she continued to talk with herself.  “My life has been so simple to this point.  I’ve had a good life with a few meaningful relationships and a few meaningless relationships.  But the bottom line is that they all ended up bad!  All I‘ve ever wanted out of my short adult life is a meaningful relationship built around trust and love; just being with someone who really, really loves me and wants to dedicate his life and love to me and me alone..  That path leads me to Dan.”
“But eternal love is something far bigger than that.  That’s a guarantee that I’ll spend the rest of my days with someone who will love me forever regardless of…anything, regardless of anything!  That would have to be every girls dream, to have eternal love from someone you cherish.  And now you throw on top of that the fact that I get to spend that time with the most important person to ever be in my life, my dad.  That’s the path to Austin!”
It was a heart rendering decision that she just couldn’t make on the spur of the moment; she couldn’t make up her mind alone.  She had weighed in her mind all the pros and cons of both and to her it was a simple choice, go with Dan.  Dan was real and even though it may never work out down the road she felt it was worth the risk.  She hadn’t learned a lot in her life from past relationships because they were few and far between; she learned to shut relationships out of her life because of the fear of failure.  But she felt she knew Dan better than anyone she had been close to.  Maybe she was more mature and maybe because he was more mature but whatever the reason she knew in her mind that he was the real deal and she wanted to move forward with their relationship.
The very hard part of finalizing that choice is Austin and the history he has within her family.  She didn’t want to do anything that may break her grandmother’s heart and smear the memories of Kate and Austin within the family.  But the overbearing fact that rose above all others was the thought of her dad being so close to her again.
She knew from the start that she would never really be with Austin forever because that would mean her life here on earth would have to end.  By ending her life she would spend eternity with Austin, and her dad, and all the other relatives in her family that had passed away, but she loved life, she loved her mom, and she wanted to live her life to its fullest.  She had a special warmth within her body when she was with Austin and he gave her a strong passion for life that she hadn’t had since her dad passed away.  Somehow Austin made her feel inside the way her dad used to, safe and warm and comforting; a strong male figure that made her feel good inside.  Now Austin certainly made her feel a little warmer inside when she dreamt of his manliness and how he made her body shiver with excitement, but overall he gave her a comforting feeling the way she remembered her dad doing.  Her dad was such a strong influence in her childhood.
She was fourteen when he passed away from cancer and even though we tend to easily lose our memories of our childhood years, those memories of her dad remained vivid in her mind.  Maybe it was the fact that she knew those memories were all she had to hang on to; that he wouldn’t be around to witness her high school graduation, college graduation, her first job, and he wouldn’t be there to walk her down the aisle.  But she held his memories close to her heart and would often talk things over with him when she was alone in her room.  He wasn’t there to give her the advice she so desperately needed sometimes, but he was there to listen.  Sure she could always talk to her mom because even though the two of them were always close, they became so much closer when her father passed away.  They leaned heavily on each other to get through the trauma and it made the two of them stronger, together.
She loved her mother immensely but there is just something about the bond between a father and daughter, just as many people talk about the special bond between a mother and son.  I think the reason for the father/daughter strong bond is that he is the first male figure to be present in her life.  They build their ideas of the male figure around their father and this influence stays with the daughter when she begins to see other males in her life; males that she wants to see emulate her dad.  Her dad is the strong nurturing security figure that she feels protects her from all harm and just having him around makes her always feel wanted.
She always felt extremely close to her dad because even though he held a demanding job he always spent so much time with her during his hours at home.  It didn’t matter if he was tired or wanted to do something with his buddies, he always had time for his little girl and the things that kept them together.  Whether it was having a tea party with her dolls, taking her bowling for the first time, going on her class trip to the zoo, sharing an afternoon at the ballpark, or just laying on a hammock out back in the shade looking up at the sky, the time they spent together was precious.  As she grew older he became her chauffeur to the school events, to the mall, and to the slumber parties.  Her dad used to say that he was such a lucky man because he had something that no other dad had, he was Kaylee’s father and she made every day Father’s day for him.




Chapter 26 – The Trip Home


The thought of just seeing her dad and being able to talk with him was something she would cherish forever.  She didn’t know if that was possible or if Austin could make that happen but to think that it may be possible was just too much to bear.  Turning down a chance to be with her dad every day was just unimaginable but there was no way she would even consider ending her life for that.  Her dad would be mortified at her even thinking that so that never even entered her mind, but of course that is truly what Austin had in mind in his offer to be together forever.  She needed to come up with a way to make Austin happy without committing to ending her own life.  The entire dilemma was a decision she just couldn’t make alone, she just had to talk to someone and she knew that someone was her mom.  
She decided then and there to go back to her room and pack her bag, cutting her vacation at the lodge short so she could spend a few days with her mom; a few days of relaxing at home and bringing her mom up-to-date on what had happened and just where she stood with the two new men in her life.  The difficult part would be trying to convey her feelings for Dan since no one had ever met him, but she knew that her mom trusted her decision making and if she was ecstatic over Dan then her mom would be too.
She decided to forego the process of speaking with Austin in person since she already knew he would spend more time trying to convince her to be with him forever, so she jotted down a quick note telling him of her visit home and left it in the middle of the bed.  She knew he would retrieve it before someone else could enter the room after her.
She hit the road right away and called ahead to her mom to tell her of her unexpected visit.  The trip home was perfect because it gave her over two hours to plan what she wanted to say and just how she wanted to approach her mom about the whole thing.  Her mom knew of Dan, just as Sarah did, but no one had an idea that the chance meeting had led to a few other meetings at the lodge and had developed into a blossoming relationship.  The one thing she thought about the most was how to bring up the fact that Austin had contact with Dad because she knew that would upset her mom terribly.
She arrived home and entered to find the house filled with the aroma of a roast beef dinner, her favorite home cooked meal.
“Uumm I can tell you’re out to spoil my on my visit home,” she yelled as she entered the door and walked down the hallway to the kitchen.
“Kaylee you’re home,” came a reply from the kitchen as her mom ran out to the end of the hallway to meet her.
“Mom it’s so nice to be home and I can’t believe you’re making my favorite meal, I smelled it as soon as opened the front door.”
“Well I knew you’d only be here for two dinners and I wanted you to have your favorite dinner for one of them, and I knew you’d probably be starving after your trip from the lodge,” replied her mom as they finished their hug and headed into the kitchen.  “So have a seat and tell me why you cut your vacation short at the lodge.  I was concerned that something was wrong because I know how you love that place and go there every chance you get.”
Kaylee settled into her old chair at the table and watched as her mom went back to preparing all the little things that were her favorites.  Her mom was a great cook and at this point in life Kaylee had wished she had paid more attention to her mom’s cooking so that she too could prepare these kinds of meals.
“I sure wish I would have helped you around the kitchen more when I was growing up,” she said conveying her thoughts out loud.  “When it’s my turn to make the meals for my family I’m really going to be lacking when it comes to old family recipes.”
“Oh you’ll figure it all out sweetie when that time comes, we all do.  As far as old recipes, I have a small cookbook that your great-grandmother passed down to your grandmother, who added her dishes and passed it on down to me.  I’ve added mine and will pass it on to you whenever you’re ready.”
“Wow that’s great mom, I never knew about that.”
“It’s one of many things that have been passed down through our generations, so you’ll have quite a few little surprises.  But enough of that, answer my question about the lodge.”
“Oh yeah,” Kaylee remarked as she grabbed a few grapes from the bowl on the table.  “No there’s nothing wrong, I would have warned you if I had some major problem or something; just wanted to spend a day or two with you before heading back to the books.  I thought a week at the lodge would be nice, and it was, but I got kind of lonely and you’re the first one I thought of.”
“Well that’s nice dear, I’m so glad you’re here and I can’t wait to hear all your news since the last time we spoke.”
Thinking maybe the time wasn’t right to get into the specifics of Dan and her pending problem, she just changed the subject and decided to wait until after dinner was cleaned up and they relaxed on the back porch.
As usual, the 3-course meal was fantastic and she filled herself to the brim with everything her mom had prepared.
“Whew, I can’t eat another bite,” which always seemed to be her statement when her mom fixed her delicious roast beef dinner.  Roast beef, mashed potatoes and gravy, fresh garden string beans, candied yams, and those great home-baked biscuits that she always ate too many of.
Even though her mom’s kitchen had a dishwasher, they always ended up doing the dishes by hand.  Kaylee knew that’s what her mom always did when she was alone so she just always pitched in and they had them done in no time.
As was there custom, they finished up and headed to the back screened porch to rock in the rocking chairs and enjoy the end of the day, and a good meal.  Her mom always finished the meal off with a glass of red wine while Kaylee enjoyed a glass of her homemade iced tea with lots of lemon slices.
“I sure wish I had this iced tea at school, the junk they serve is so watery and pre-sweetened but it’s all I have so I grin and bear it.”
They rocked, sipped their drinks and talked about the weather, the neighborhood and trivial things that cause them up on the everyday happenings.  As that talk ended Kaylee thought it was time to shift gears and get to the point of her visit.
“So, guess what’s new in my life,” she asked as she looked at her mom with a gleam in her eyes.
“Let me guess, you’ve met someone new?”
“Well yes and no,” was her answer as she shuffled her rocker a little closer and more facing her mom.  “I’ve been seeing Dan regularly at the lodge.  You remember me telling you about meeting him right?”
“Dan, of course I remember…but I didn’t know you had seen him again.  I remember you telling me about meeting him at the lodge a few months ago but you never mentioned him after that.”
“I know.  Well it was kind of unexpected running into him again but we did and spent quite a bit of time together my last few times up there.  He’s really a great guy mom and I know you would just love him.”
“Oh my, this sounds serious Kaylee, is it?”
“Well I wouldn’t say serious at this point but we really do enjoy each other’s company and he just has every quality that has been lacking in all the other guys I’ve ever been with.”
“So tell me about him.  Where is he from and why does he go to the lodge?”
“He’s from a small town about two hours north of the lodge, I really can’t remember the name of the town, but he just goes there for the same reason as me, to get away from his everyday life.”
“What does he do for a living,” she asked as the questioning continued.
“He has been a computer software guy for a long time working with a corporation, which I also can’t think of at the moment, but he quit that job and is now starting a career as a freelance photographer.”
“Why would he quit a perfectly good job to take pictures for a living,” she asked as a concerned parent.
“The way he put it is that he just needed more out of life.  He was just tired of the corporate world and saved enough money that he didn’t need to worry about that; he just wanted to do something that he really enjoyed doing for a change, so photography it is.”
“Does he take great pictures?”
“I don’t really know yet, I haven’t seen any.  He wants to do a little portfolio of me but you know how I hate pictures of myself, so I said no.”
“Oh Kaylee you take beautiful pictures, you’re just shy in front of the camera that’s all.  You tell him I said to go ahead and take that portfolio that I want to see it,” she said as she sipped the last of her wine.
They laughed as they both returned to the kitchen for a refill and then back to the porch.  Kaylee was ready to spring the rest of the story on her.




Chapter 27 – The Story


With the story of Dan out in the open she continued to tell her mom about their few meetings and how much she was enjoying his company.  Kaylee assured her that their relationship wasn’t in a serious or intimate stage at this point although she wondered by her mother’s reaction if she really believed that.
“Mom he’s just so wonderful.  He’s always a gentleman and just does all those little things that a girl hopes a guy will do.  I really do like him a lot.”
“Does he know how you feel about him?”
“Well, maybe, but we really haven’t said those words to each other at this point.”
“So when do I get to meet him,” she asked, as a parent would.
“I hadn’t thought about that yet but I really do want you and Sarah to meet him.  Maybe I can pick a time and he can come down to the college for a weekend and you can come up and we can all go out to dinner.  That would work out perfect.”
“Well you just let me know sweetie and I’ll be there.  I want to meet this guy that seems to be sweeping you off your feet.”
They rocked for a while and enjoyed the setting sun in the distance as it turned the sky to a bright red drifting lower on the horizon.  Their home was situated close to the shoreline of the Chesapeake Bay which presented many exciting sunsets from their porch.  They had always wanted a shorefront home, right on the water where they could enjoy the gentle breezes and scenic views right from their windows.  But with waterfront property so expensive and hard to find in the area, they settled for a lot a few houses back which made it less expensive but with only a partial view of the water.
Kaylee finally broke the momentary silence as she went on with the rest of her story.
“Mom, remember the story about Austin, the man who great-grandma dated before the terrible accident?”
“Sure dear, don’t tell me you’re dealing with that spirit or ghost or whatever again?”
“Well yes mom, I am.  Whenever I go to the lodge and stay in that one room, Room 4T, I hear from the ghost of Austin, but when I stay in other rooms I don’t hear anything from him, so I assume that is the room he passed away in and that is the room he haunts.”
“Now that is scary Kaylee,” her mother said shaking her head in a negative fashion.  “No way would I go back to that room.”
“But I did mom because I wanted to know the story of Katherine and Austin and find out why his ghost was contacting me.  So anyway, he kept leaving me notes in my room telling me he was so happy that I had come back to him and he had waited all these years for me to return.”
“You?”
“I know, that’s what I said to…”
“You talked to him,” she interrupted.
“Let me finish,” Kaylee continued.  “We left each notes and I asked him what I had to do with Kate, remember that’s what he called her instead of Katherine.  At first he thought I was Kate until I finally explained to him, after talking to you and Grandma, that I wasn’t Kate but her great-granddaughter Kaylee and since we look so much alike, he was mistaken.”
“I would think that either he would leave you alone at that point or try to find out what happened to Katherine, or Kate.”
“I told him about my visit with you and Grandma and that I knew the history of the story, and also the necklace he left for me on the bed, and also showed him Katherine’s engagement ring that Grandma gave me, remember that?”
Her mom sipped her second glass of wine and said, “So then what happened?”
“Well here’s where it gets really scary,” she answered as she moved the chair a little closer and folded her legs up in the chair to get comfortable.  “He accepted the fact that Kate passed away and that I am Kaylee, her great-granddaughter, but now has switched his love from her to me because I am the spitting image of Kate, the woman he loves.  So he wants me to fall in love with him so that the two of us can be together forever.”
Her mother had just finished a sip of her wine and started lowering the glass to the table but stopped in mid-air with the glass, frozen at the words that she heard her daughter say.  “He wants you two to be together forever.  Does he know that means you have to die, like him?”
“I guess he doesn’t think about it that way, he just wants us together forever, so he’s pleading for my love.”
“Well Kaylee I’d be scared to death to go back to that room.  You have to stay away from that place before he causes something drastic to happen so that he could be with you forever.  Don’t you dare go to that place again!”
Kaylee took a sip of her iced tea to give her mom a minute to calm down.
“Mom I’m not afraid to go up there and I’m not afraid of Austin.  He loves me and he’s as gentle as a kitten.  He wouldn’t harm me or force me to do anything; it would be like harming his Kate and he wouldn’t do that.”
“I still think you should stay away from that lodge.  Or just sleep in some other room, you said he only haunts that one room, so stay somewhere else.”
“Well, now there’s a little more to it Mom.”
“Oh my god, now what?”
Kaylee paused before continuing.
“Let me first say this Mom.  My whole purpose in continuing with this whole thing was out of respect for Katherine and what the two of them had together.  I mean it was a tragic accident and this poor man has been in limbo for all these years just waiting for the love of his life to return.  Don’t you feel sorry for him and understand why I just didn’t walk away?  I want to do what is right for my great-grandmother.”
“Well yes, that sounds very respectable Kaylee, but you can’t let things go to the point where you may be in danger.  You don’t know anything about ghosts.  I didn’t think you even believed in them.  But if he wants you forever, how do you know that he won’t do something to cause that to happen?”
“I thought about it too and just decided to try and rationalize with him about the whole situation.”
“Rationalize with a ghost,” her mom sneered.
“I know that sounds crazy Mom but when we talk it’s as if I’m talking to a real live person, not really a ghost.”
“Oh so the letters are gone, now you talk to him?”
“Yes.  He gave me a way that we could talk face-to-face and not have to send letters back and forth.  I just stand in front of this gold mirror in my room and ask to speak to him and he appears and we talk.  It’s that simple.”
“Kaylee, do you hear what you’re saying?  You’re talking as if this is normal; a common occurrence that happens every day; just stand in front of a mirror and speak to a ghost.”
“Mom it’s okay! You’re getting away from the gist of the story.”
“How do you know he’s around when you ask to talk to him?  Maybe he’s not there; maybe he’s in ghost limbo somewhere.”
“He’s usually always in the room with me.  If he’s not, I can feel a cold draft of air when he enters, but usually he’s always there.”
“So he sees everything that you do?  Oh my god he sees everything that you do in that room.  He sees you undress, take a shower, go to the bathroom.”
“Mom, calm down, please!  Let me finish the story before you have a cow.”
Her mom reached for her glass of wine and took a big gulp.
“Yes he can see me but he said the gentleman in him doesn’t watch me in the bathroom or other rooms, only the bedroom.”
“Oh great, so he’s only in your bedroom!  What a nice room for him to watch you in.  Before you know it he’ll be crawling in bed with you!”
Kaylee thought twice about telling her mom the bedtime stories, so she just kept that to herself and tried to get her mother to focus on the story rather than her fears.  She knew she could do that with one sentence.
“Mom, Austin told me he contacted Dad.”




Chapter 28 – Mom


With that statement the porch went silent.  Kaylee looked at her mom while she just stared back at her, not reaching for her glass, not uttering a sound, not even rocking in the chair, just staring back at her and the words that had come out of her mouth.  At that point Kaylee was afraid to say anything else.
“Are you telling me that this ghost told you he contacted your father and spoke to him?”
“Yes mom.”
There was another moment of silence before the next question.
“And you believed him?”
“No, not at first.  I asked him to prove it to me and he came back later and told me something that only Daddy would know.”
“And what is that,” she asked in a low unsure voice.
“He told me something that I don’t think you would even recognize Mom.  It’s a word name that Dad used to call me whenever he tucked me into bed at night.  In thinking about it I had my doubts that you even knew about it.”
“What did the ghost say?”
“He said snookles.”
Kaylee watched as her mother’s face lost all of its color and flushed completely white.  Her hands went up to her mouth as tears began to trickle down her face.  It was obvious to Kaylee that her mom did in fact know about that pet-name and was well aware of what that word meant coming from a ghost.
She waited a few minutes to let her mom gain her composure before saying a word.
“Are you okay Mom?”
“Yes dear but I can’t believe what you’re telling me.”
“You still don’t believe that Austin contacted Dad?”
“No I have to believe that because no one in this world would know about that word except you, me, and your father.  I mean I just can’t believe this is happening.  You are speaking to a ghost and that ghost is in love with you and now he is talking to your father.”
“Well that’s why I came home here to talk to you.  I just don’t know what to do at this point.  I mean I’m not debating about whether to go and be with Austin, I’d never do that, but I mean I don’t know where to go with this thing, so I just needed someone to talk to about it.”
Her mother was still silent in disbelief.
Kaylee continued.  “I didn’t want to stop going back to the room and just forget about Room 4T at first because I didn’t want to do anything to hurt Austin and his memory of Katherine, but then I got trapped into the story as I replaced Kate and became a part of the story.  Now I don’t want to walk away because of the thought of Dad being there and thinking I may have the opportunity to see him or talk with him.”
“You can do that?”
“No I don’t know that Mom.  I’m just thinking that maybe Austin could make that happen.  I haven’t asked him yet.”
She watched as her mother’s face and thoughts seem to drift off into space as wiped away the tears from her cheeks.  She knew that she was probably thinking about seeing him again and what she would say to him if she got the chance.  She finally seemed to come back to reality.
“I’m not sure what to tell you now Kaylee.”
“I mean I can’t pass up the chance to talk with Dad or see him again.  I know it just doesn’t seem realistic or like something that could ever happen but Mom I really think there’s a strong possibility that I could get that chance.  I can’t pass that up.”
“No dear, I know you’re father meant the world to you and we were both devastated when he passed away, and to think that after five or six years you could have the chance to be with him again, if only for a few minutes or seconds, that would be unbelievable.”
So let me guess what your answer is.  You think I should take the chance of seeing Dad again and go back to the room, but if I can’t see Dad again you think I should just never go back and let the whole thing go away.  Am I right?”
Her mother thought for a few seconds before answering.
‘Kaylee I know that your grandmother, who you know cherishes the story of Austin and her mom, would listen to your story and never want you going back to that room for her mother’s sake.  She values your life too much and is just like the rest of us when it comes to ghosts; she doesn’t believe in them.  But she wouldn’t want you putting your life on the line for Katherine or anybody else; it’s just something she wouldn’t want.  So knowing that, I would say to walk away from this situation and be on the safe side; you won’t be hurting anybody in the family by doing that, believe me.  But now with this thing with your father…well that sheds a whole new light on things.”
“So you think I should go back and try and hook up with Dad?”
Again her mother hesitated with her answer.
“Kaylee I just don’t believe in ghosts.  I’m sorry but I just can’t bring myself to believe that human spirits inhabit this earth and the power to do things like you’re telling me.  I believe that we all spend our life here on God’s earth then when it’s our time we all go to the great beyond and who knows what happens after that.  But I’m telling you this.  If you feel safe in that room and you think you have a one in a lifetime chance of meeting your father again even if it’s for just a few seconds, then I say do it.”
“I’m so glad to hear you say that Mom because that’s the way I feel.  I do feel safe in that room, I’ve never feared for my life or anything else when it comes to being in that room with Austin.  And I keep thinking that if I walk away from this and don’t take the chance of being with Dad, then think how Dad will feel if he knows what’s happening and I walk away.”
“No Kaylee, you can’t think that way.  Your father wouldn’t dare want you to do anything that wasn’t safe and in your best interest.  He would want you to walk away and he would feel good about the fact that you did that.  So don’t let that sway your decision.”
Kaylee thought for a minute and then answered.  “Okay I think I’ll do it then.  I’ll go to the lodge again and see if Austin will let me talk with Dad.”
“What will you say to your father?”
“Is there something you’d want me to say to him Mom?”
She watched as another tear trailed down her mom’s cheek as she thought of how to answer that question.  What do you say to your loved one who passed away a few years ago when you are given a few seconds with them again?  Do you just say I love you?  Do you say something you wish you had said before they passed?  Do you say something that you’ve felt guilty about all these years but never had the chance to clarify?  What do you say for that couple of seconds if given the chance?
“No dear, you don’t know how much time you’ll have with your father so use the time to say whatever you want.”
“Suppose I do have a lot of time.”
“Then tell him I love him and always will.”




Chapter 29 – The Dream


We finished our evening on the porch by just letting ourselves glide into another subject so as not to both end up a bundle of nerves.  I could see that she was visibly shaken and so was I, a real basket case just thinking of the possibility of facing my dad and talking with him again.
I’m sure we’ve all thought about having a chance to say something to someone who passed away, especially a loved one who passed away unexpectedly.
Her dad’s cancer was something that came up unexpectedly and without warning.  She was fourteen and they were as close as a father and daughter can be.  The two of them were inseparable as he took part in every single activity that presented itself.  
By the time he started having pains in his abdominal area and admitted it to her mom there was little hope that much could be done.  The prostate cancer had already spread to tissues next to the prostrate, into the bladder, rectum, and the walls of the pelvis.  It was in the final and worse stage described by doctors and there was little that can be done with radiation, surgery, or any kind of hormonal therapy.  It is the most common non-skin malignancy in men and responsible for more deaths than any other cancer except lung cancer, but it must be detected early and treated aggressively.  Her dad had just waited too long to admit something was wrong and in the end that was his fatal mistake.
Kaylee was never sure how long her dad knew and how long he waited to tell her mom but by the time she was told he only had weeks to live.  It was an excruciating few weeks as he tried to fit everything into that short time as possible and Kaylee and her mom suffered immensely from the sorrow that was betaking their lives.
She left her mom’s house and headed back to college spending the entire trip playing and re-playing in her mind what she should say to her dad if given the chance.  It just wasn’t something that you could come up with immediately with no hesitation; this was something that would take some thought on her part.  Knowing her time with him would be very minimal; does she talk about the past or the future?  Maybe she should just spend the time telling him she loves him and he was the best dad ever, or maybe she should ask if he is aware of Dan and what his thought are.  His opinion was always the most important thing in the world to her and it would make her feel at ease knowing she had his approval.  Maybe she should just let him talk; he probably has a lot to say to her also.  It was just impossible to know what to do.
As she pulled into the college road and headed for her dorm she knew she was giving herself a migraine headache thinking about what was the right thing to do.  She decided to just sit down with Sarah and get a second opinion.  Sometimes two head are better than one and besides, Sarah may come up with something that she didn’t think of that would be much more appropriate.
She locked her car and went straight to her dorm room to find Sarah sitting at the desk with her books open which was a surprising observation at the least.
“Wow, hitting the books this late,” Kaylee remarked as she walked into the room and dropped her bag to the floor.
“Good your back, the perfect time to close these books and take a well deserved break.  I’ve had my face plastered in these books all day and it’s to the point that I’m burned out and need to close them for the day.”
“Can we talk about an issue I have,” asked Kaylee as she went straight for her bed.
“I’m all ears,” Sarah answered as she plopped on her bed waiting for the conversation to start.




Chapter 30 – Dad


Kaylee made herself comfortable on the bed as she crossed her legs and placed a pillow in her lap.  As her mind drifted into thoughts of her dad and the memories they had shared, she spoke freely as Sarah listened intently.
“Growing up was a joy for me because my dad was by my side constantly.  It didn’t matter if I had a teacher’s conference, a school play, a chorus presentation, a brownie meeting, or just wanted to wander the mall, he had the car keys ready and was there to shuttle me anywhere.  I never had the impression that he did it because he felt obligated or because it’s what a parent should do, I always knew he just wanted to.  As I got as little older and sports entered the picture he encouraged me to participate in anything I wanted and not to worry if it was a boys sport or a sport he felt maybe I couldn’t handle, he was right there practicing with me in the front yard as long as my desire continued.  He never gave me the impression that he did these things because he missed having a son to coach or to take to the ball game, he always seemed perfectly happy to share all of his fatherly deeds with me.”
She paused as her mind seemed to wander to another place.
“We were just about as close as a father and daughter can get.  I remember when I was little and we watched TV together we would take turns rubbing and scratching each other’s back; that became a tradition with us for as long as I can remember.  He would massage my shoulders and then glide his fingertips down the small of my back ever so gently that it made me shiver with excitement it felt so good.  As I grew older and boys started coming into the picture he would have talks with me, never probing into my personal feelings, but just letting me know that he was always there if I needed any guidance.  No matter what I wanted to do or what decision I made he was there to back me up and lend his support.  If he didn’t agree he would tell me, but assure me that he would support me in any decision I made, and he did just that.  Every time I fell for a boy and my heart was ultimately broken, his was broken too, but he let me cry on his shoulder and wiped the tears while assuring me that it wasn’t the end of the world and it was all part of life’s lesson.”
She leaned over and grabbed her bottle of water, taking a sip and again letting her mind wander.
“I was a freshman in high school and had just come back from a date with a guy that I was crazy about who finally had asked me out.  I was so excited as we sat and scratched backs talking about my wonderful night.  His fatherly instincts always came out as he warned me not to get too involved or let my heart get too smitten over this guy, yet at the same time he enjoyed my moment with me and loved seeing the gleam in my eye.”
She paused as the smile left her face.
“He was rubbing my back when he started telling me how proud he was of me and how much I had matured over the past year.  I wasn’t a child anymore even though I would always be his little girl…and then he told me the truth.”
“Kaylee sweetie,” her dad said as he continued rubbing her back with her facing away from him, “you’ve grown up so much and you are on the doorstep of being a woman.  A woman who knows life’s struggles and that things happen in life that we can’t always control.  I have raised you to be a kind loving person that I am proud of and I know that as you move on in life you will take my guidance with you always.  But unfortunately dear I cannot always be there to give you the support you’ve grown accustomed to because that’s what growing up is all about; taking charge of your life and making rational decisions on your own.”
He stopped scratching and spun me around to face him.
“From the moment I held you in my arms when you were minutes old, I knew that you were my little girl and I would do everything in my power to make your life a joyous one.  I’ve tried to always be there for you and you have to admit, we’ve been pretty inseparable through your entire childhood.  But Kaylee, there comes a time when life catches up with you and it looks like that time has finally caught up with me.”
He took my chin in his hand as he brushed my hair back with the other hand and stared deep into my eyes.
“I’ve just found out that I won’t be able to stay here and be your coach much longer because the man above has let me know that it’s my time to visit with him.  I only have a little bit of time left so I want to ask you to do your dad a favor and enjoy these last days with me and give me your wonderful smile to remember, not your tears.”
Sarah leaned over and grabbed Kaylee’s hands in hers as she watched the tears stream down her face.
“It was just so hard Sarah to hear him say that and to live those last few days smiling for him when my heart was breaking inside.  I had lived my entire life with this man beside me always, and now I was expected to continue on without him, never to see him again; never to have him guide me through my problems, never to listen to my joys and sorrows, never to see me through the rest of my life….. never to rub backs again.”
Sarah got up out of her chair and positioned herself cross-legged on the bed facing Kaylee and pulled a pillow in her lap also.
“It so sad when we lose a parent,” Sarah said in a sympathetic caring voice.  “We all hate it but it happens to all of us.  It sounds like you and your dad were as close as you could possibly be and he idolized you from the day you were born.  But you have to believe that he has looked down on you and watched you graduate from high school and start college, and he is still so proud of you for staying on the path he led you to.”
I know,” Kaylee admitted as she wiped her tears.  “I have always felt that he is right by my side.  Watching everything that I do and shaking his head with approval as I make some of the decisions I do.  But now I have to make a big decision.  I may have the chance to see him and talk to him again, maybe for a few seconds, maybe for a few minutes, I don’t know; but if so, what do I say?  How do I decide what I’m going to say to this man that has spent most of his adult life caring for me and guiding me?”
“Is there maybe something that you didn’t say to him that you wished you had,” Sarah asked.
Kaylee thought for a minute as she again wiped her face a tissue.
“The morning he passed away was an awful day.  I remember as each day approached and Mom and I made the trip to the hospital we both had the hope that when we arrived they would tell us he had taken a turn for the better and the whole trauma was just a big mistake.  But of course that never happened.  As we came in that last morning we immediately saw that his breathing was more labored and he barely could hold his eyes open.  They had an oxygen mask over his nose and mouth but it wasn’t helping and Dad knew that his time had come.  He ever so slowly moved his hand up and removed the mask.  We both watched in anguish as his heart rate slowed and his blood pressure declined.  Standing beside the bed we leaned in on opposite sides to get as close to his face as we possibly could as he looked at Mom and said I love you and always have.  She leaned over and kissed him on the lips.  His eyes shifted to me and he used all his energy to smile as he told me he loved me.  His dying words to me were to make him proud.”
She moved the tissue up to her eyes as she was lost in the emotional moment.
“We both continually whispered I love you in his ears as his breathing stopped and his eyes shut for good.  As he took his last breath, with every ounce of energy he had in him, he slightly reached up and put his hand on my back and gave me a final scratch.”
Kaylee took a minute and gained her composure.
“I think we all get caught up in that moment and are so wrapped up in what is happening that we don’t say the things we wish we had said.  During those last few days in the hospital he spent some time alone with Mom and some time alone with me.  During that time he said in so many words that he hoped he had been a good father and he wished he could have done more for me.  I wanted so much to tell him on that last day that he was the best father ever and I couldn’t have wished for a more perfect Dad…but I didn’t.  I just got caught up in the final moments and all I could do was tell him I love him.”
“So maybe that’s what you should say to him.  Tell him what you wish you had said; that he was a perfect Dad and you feel blessed to have had him as a father.  Tell him every day of your life was perfect because of him and his guidance and support.”
“I agree,” Kaylee said as they both leaned over and hugged a nice long hug, best friend to best friend.




Chapter 31 –Homecoming


They spent the next few days both reminiscing about their childhoods and just enjoying the time together before classes started back up.  Sarah was a pre-med major who said she had always dreamed of being a nurse and wasn’t sure exactly what she wanted to do with her life at this point.  She just knew that her dad had instilled in her the drive and determination to do her best in whatever she tried so right now school was very important to her.
Classes began and the two of them hit the books hard trying to concentrate on the task at hand rather than their personal lives.  Sarah was extremely hard to live with because she was so easily tempted to scrape the books for the night and hit the bars in town.  But Kaylee was good for her because she held her back and kept reminding her that if she wanted to fulfill her dream of becoming a nurse, then now was the time to buckle down and do her best; the guys would always be there when the time comes.
Kaylee finally called Dan and they talked on the phone just about every other night or so.  She knew she wouldn’t be able to leave school and head up to the lodge for a few more weeks so she wanted him to know that she was thinking of him and wanted to see him again as soon as she could.
The homecoming football game was approaching in four weeks and Sarah thought it would be a great time to for Kaylee to ask her mother to come up for the game and for Dan to come down for the game and they could all meet for dinner afterwards.
“It’ll be fantastic,” Sarah pleaded.  “Your mom and I will get to meet Dan to see if he really is as great a guy as you say, and he’ll get to meet us which will be the highlight of his trip.”
“Very funny,” Kaylee answered back as they took a break from their studies to grab something to eat.  “But I guess you’re right, it would be a great time for everyone to meet, and I’m just dying to see him again, it’s been over three weeks now.”
“Perfect, then get on the phone and make it all happen.  I’ve got to meet this guy and give my approval.  We’ll all go to the football game and watch us win, and then we’ll have a great Italian dinner at Liberatore’s down by the waterfront.  It’ll be fabulous, just take my word for it.”
Kaylee gave her that usual look of disgust as she finished her slice of pizza and opened her books back up.  It did sound like a wonderful idea even though it was suggested by Sarah, so by the end of the night she had arranged everything and the four of them would spend the weekend together in four weeks.
But Kaylee’s classes were just going awful since her mind was always places other than the classroom; her mind was settled in Room 4T and talking to Austin about whether she could communicate with her dad.  She knew until that was settled she wouldn’t be able to give her full attention to anything else, so she decided to finish up classes on Thursday and head up to the lodge that night to spend the a long weekend.  She just had to get her mind clear so that when she did see Dan again she wouldn’t have to make more excuses for moving their relationship ahead.
After calling ahead and reserving the room for three nights, she spent the better part of Wednesday night convincing Sarah that it wouldn’t be a good idea for her to tag along on the trip.  Kaylee’s biggest fear was that if someone else were around it could change things with Austin and she didn’t want any distractions on this trip; she wanted it to go perfect in hopes that Austin would cooperate with her wishes.
She had packed her car the night before and within minutes of the professor dismissing class she was in her car and headed towards the lodge.  Her mind was racing, just as it had in classes all week, with thoughts of what she would say to Austin to convince him to let her speak with her dad.  She didn’t want to have to make any promises to him about being with him forever, but she knew she had to be convincing enough that he would agree.  Then, if it did happen, what would she say to her dad or what would she tell Austin to say to him if she couldn’t communicate with him directly.  It was just mind-boggling!
She pulled into the parking area, parked her car, checked in, and decided to go right to the restaurant since she hadn’t had anything to eat all day except for a banana.  It was nearly five in the evening when she entered the near-empty café as the waiter recognized her and seated her at her usual table.
“Just get in ma’am,” he asked as he pulled the chair out for her.
“Yep, just arrived; haven’t even been to my room yet, I’m so hungry,” she answered as she opened the menu.
“What’s good tonight,” she asked.
“We have your favorite on special tonight, hot roast beef with mashed potatoes and gravy and a side of cole slaw.”
“How perfect is that,” she said with a smile as she handed the menu back to him.  “And I think I’ll have a glass of white zinfandel.”
“I’ll be right back with that.”
She watched the cute little guy walk away and then caught herself as she glanced around to see if anyone was watching her.  There were only two other couples in the room and they were both mesmerized with each other so her playful glance was safe.  She thought to herself how much she had changed since she started college and she was sure she owed it all to Sarah, who guided her out of her shell and tried desperately to bring more femininity out into the open.  It’s not that she wasn’t feminine, just that she didn’t flaunt it to the world the way Sarah did.
She sipped on her second glass of wine after finishing her hot delicious meal, turned down an offer for dessert, and let her mind wander to her parents and how very happy they were when she was growing up.  She could never remember how they always held hand, no matter where they went or what they did; when they were together they were joined at the hands.  They always projected a happiness about them and she never remembered spousal fights or nights when Dad would sleep on the couch.  Now there were plenty of nights that Dad slept on the couch with her as they curled up and snuggled for a long television movie that found them both sound asleep before the movie had even reached its midway point.  They use to always joke with each other about who had fallen asleep first as they quizzed each other with questions about the movie.  
She smiled as remembered how great Dad was to snuggle up to as he wrapped those big arms completely around her tiny body and just pulled her in close to his warm tummy.  She always felt so safe and secure in his arms, something she wished she had in later years.
Once he passed away there was a just a huge hole in her life that she never really got used to.  Without that big male teddy bear to snuggle up to she just curled up in a chair by herself and was left with only the memories of how nice it was always having him around.  She knew for a fact that absence surely makes the heart grow fonder.




Chapter 32 – The Plea


The third glass of wine went down way to quickly as she snapped out of her memory trance, paid her bill, and headed up to her room for the night.  Opening the door she immediately felt a chill in the air, wondering if the balcony doors were open or was it just that Austin was there waiting for her.
Seeing that the doors were in fact shut tight, she threw her bag off to the side and stretched out flat on the bed looking up at the ceiling.
“I’ve taken a break from classes and come back to speak with you Austin,” she said to the ceiling above.  She didn’t know where she was going to go with this conversation but she knew she had to get this out in the open and now, with three glasses of wine to help, was the perfect time.
She rose off the bed and standing in front of the gold mirror asked to speak with him.  His image immediately appeared in the mirror.
“Good evening my sweet Kaylee, you have made my day by coming to visit with me again, and so unexpectedly.”
She pulled her favorite chair over into full view of the mirror and sat down in her comfortable cross-legged style curling her feet up under her.
“I know, it is unexpected, but I have my reasons,” she slowly answered.
“And what might those reasons be,” he again questioned.
Her hesitation was dramatic as she fought for the right words in her mind; the words that would convey her sympathy for his situation yet preserve his willingness to continue their spiritual relationship for her benefit.
“Austin, my dear Austin,” she started.  “I am twenty-one years old, a mere toddler in life and so new to the game of love.  I have spent my entire life loving one man and one man alone, my dad.  He has been my inspiration in life, my companion, my decision-maker, and the person that I have leaned on to make all my tough decisions.  But he is gone.  Taken from me when I was just fourteen at a time when I was just starting to tackle the difficult part of growing up, the time I really needed his guidance the most.”
She paused, grabbed a tissue and dabbed it to the corners of her eyes.
“I am so sorry my dear.  Death is so hard to take when it is sudden and unexpected.  We plan our whole life out in our minds where we fulfill all of our dreams and live happily ever-after with the person of our dreams; only to have it all interrupted by an accident or invasive disease.  We both have suffered such losses in life.”
“I know Austin,” she said with her most caring voice.  “You were young and so in love with Katherine and in an instant it was all taken away from you both.  And me, well, cancer robbed me of the most important thing in my life.  Don’t get me wrong, I love my mom with all my heart and would be lost now without her, but I just had this very special relationship with him and we were just a team.  We did everything together and life was just so wonderful.”
“I know just how you feel my dear.  But now both of our lives can be changed for the better because now we have found each other.  Kaylee, our love could rule the universe and be undeniably the guiding light to true love everlasting.  We must take advantage of this opportunity and give each other what we long for most in life, a love partner to share every waking moment with.”
Kaylee knew now was the time to enter her plea.
“Austin, I just can’t commit my true love to you at this point because our relationship is so new.  Sure you have been in love for many years but that love is for Katherine not me, and now that I am here you simply want to replace me for her.  It’s just not that simple.  In some ways I guess we do have a history together, but that history is nothing I’ve known about and now you want me to just give up my life and spend eternity with you.”
She took another deep breath as she continued her plea.
“I can’t just say goodbye to my mom, she’s already lost her husband and now you want me to just abruptly leave her with no one; I can’t do that.  And I will admit to you that I do have feelings for Dan now and it is a fresh love and a new relationship for me that is exciting and I am eager to continue with it.  Just as your relationship with Kate was new and exciting and blossomed through the years, mine could possibly do the same if I give it a chance.  I haven’t had many true relationships in my short life but I this one makes me happy, very happy, and I want to explore that and enjoy it.  Do you understand what I’m saying?”
She looked deep into the figure in the mirror and could see the ever-present smile on his face slowly diminishing as his head lowered looking not at her but at the ground.
“I don’t mean to make you sad or to deprive you of what you’ve spent so many years waiting for, your Kate to return, but again, I’m not her, I’m her granddaughter and you can still be with her if you try.”
His head raised in the mirror as Kaylee again looked into his eyes.
“I do not know what to say Kaylee; I am so disappointed at what you are saying.  I thought you would want to be with me forever.”
“Austin I’m not saying it won’t happen.  I can’t predict the future, but I’m just saying give me time to think things out.  Give me time to sort things out in my young life so I can make a rational decision and not a hurried one.  I’m not saying no…I’m just saying give me some time, okay?”
“Time is what I have my dear.  I do understand your rational and I do feel badly that I have sprung this love into your life so hastily.   It was not my purpose to confuse you and ask you to give up everything for me.  I was just so sure you were my Kate that I have waited so long to return to me.”
“Thank you Austin for being so understanding.  I can only hope that as we continue to see each other in this room that the feelings that are present will grow and we will both be happy and content.  Now I must ask one favor of you.”
“Anything my love, what is it I can do for you?”
“You mentioned that you had spoken with my dad and that is how you knew about snookles.   You can’t imagine Austin, how much it would mean to me to be able to talk with my dad again.  He left me so suddenly, just as your Kate left you, and I’m sure you’ve thought a hundred times of things you wished you had said.  I was wondering if I could have that chance…the chance to talk with him again.  Can you do that for me?”



Chapter 33 – The Dream


The silence in the room could be cut with a knife.  Kaylee’s eyes were glued to the mirror as she waited for his answer.
“Kaylee, when I spoke with your dad, I didn’t really speak with him as in a conversation, but through mental telepathy.  I can communicate with people that have passed through a process of thinking about that person and if they can receive my though pattern they will send a message to me through that same process.  I asked to speak with your dad and in doing so asked for a word that would let you know we had communicated, and snookles was the word he mentally sent to me.  I do not know if I can actually get that person to appear to you and be able to converse the way you and I have since that person has already crossed over.  Do you understand?”
“I do understand,” Kaylee answered in a disappointed voice.  “I just saw this as an opportunity of a lifetime to actually be able to talk to him again and I was just so excited thinking about it, but I do understand.”
“Now that’s not to say I can’t get it to happen,” he quickly responded.  “I just don’t know, I’ve never tried to get someone who has crossed over to do anything like that.  I promise I will see what I can do.”
“That would be wonderful Austin.  I would be eternally grateful to you for at least trying.”
They continued their talks as the evening went on and before long Kaylee’s yawns continually interrupted the conversation, so they decided to call it a night.  She went through her usual nighttime ritual and before long returned to the bedroom and crawled under the covers to end a long tiring day.
She went asleep quickly taken to another place within her dreams.  At first she was talking with her dad saying all of the things she could possibly think of saying in a short amount of time, but before long her dreams were taken to the golden field overlooking the valley.  She envisioned herself walking through the yellow waist-high field of wheat as it gently swayed back and forth in the breeze.  She sat down and fell backwards as she looked high up into the clear blue sky thinking of Dan and how he made her heart flutter whenever they were close together.  She turned at the sound of the moving wheat to see him joining her in the field as he lay down beside her pressing his body tightly against hers.  They embraced and kissed a long meaningful kiss as their hands caressed each other.  She could feel the electricity exciting her body as the warmth of his hands slowly removed her clothes as she did the same until they were both embracing as one under the open sky.  Within minutes their bodies were in unison as their shared passion was communicated to each other through the miracle of love.  She felt herself go limp as the moment of ecstasy engulfed her whole body and she suddenly was awakened from her dream.
Her naked body was hot and sweaty as she looked down at the covers thrown aside on the bed and her underpants tossed off to the floor as she felt the cold frigid breeze of air beside her in bed.
“Austin is that you,” she questioned as she pulled the covers back up over her cold but hot body.  “Are you here beside me and was that you that making love to me?”
She looked around and shrugged her shoulders wondering why she would expect an answer to her out loud question.
“I know that was you Austin because I know that’s the way you’ve made me feel a few other times that I’ve been in this bed in this room.  You’ve got to stop doing that, it’s just not right.”
She again looked around for some type of movement or sign that he was nearby and hearing every word she said, but to no avail, the room was silent.
As she finished cleaning up and drifted back off to sleep she smiled to herself as she thought of the passionate dream and how fulfilled she again felt.  Every time this had happened she felt more excited and fulfilled than she had ever felt in her life and it frightened her to think that a ghost could cause so much passion in her dreams.
She awoke bright and early, quickly dressed, and headed down for breakfast.  As she entered the restaurant she was shocked to see Dan at their table raising a glass to her as she looked his way.
“What in the world are you doing here,” she asked as she walked over and pulled aside the chair across from him.
“I called your dorm last night when I didn’t get an answer all day on your cell phone and Sarah told me you came up here for the weekend…so I figured I wasn’t going to pass up the chance to spend a little time with you.  I hope that’s okay?”
“Oh that’s fine with me,” she replied with a smile.  She didn’t really have any plans for the day so seeing him was a big plus to her schedule.
“How come you came up without saying anything to me,” he asked with a puzzled look on his face.  “I’m sorry, I say that like you have to run everything by me; it’s really none of my business.”
“No, no,” she said as she laid her hand on his arm to comfort his uneasiness.  “It was a last minute decision because I just needed to get away from the books for a little bit and the opportunity just popped up so I took it.  That’s all.”
“Did you order yet,” she asked to quickly change the subject.
“No, I wasn’t sure you were coming down for breakfast so I just took the chance and waited.”  He motioned for the waiter and they both ordered.
They both talked casually about the last few weeks that they hadn’t seen each other as they ate their breakfast.  As they both ordered a second cup of coffee he changed the subject with a question.
“Do you have any plans or would you like to spend the day together?  I don’t want to intrude on what you originally came up here for, just peace and quiet.” 
“No Dan I’d love to spend the day with you.  I really didn’t make any plans for today so spending it with you would be fantastic; I’ve missed seeing you these last few weeks.”
She could sense the relief showing on his face as he felt uncomfortable just popping into her plans unannounced.
“Did you have anything in mind?”
“Yes, two things,” he said as he took her hand.  “First, once we go back to our rooms and freshen up, I’d like to get my camera and take some really nice pictures of you if you’ll let me.”  He didn’t hesitate a second for fear of getting a no.  “Second, I’d like to spend some quiet alone time with you in a nice secluded spot and talk about some issues that I need to talk to you about.”
“Issues,” she questioned.
“Well not really issues, just some things I wanted to make you aware of that you don’t know about me at this point,” he said as he watched the worried look appear on her face.  “Now don’t get all freaky on me, I’ll explain later, okay?”
She agreed as they finished their coffee and planned on meeting again in an hour.  She returned to her room eager to spend the day with him yet puzzled at what he could be telling her.




Chapter 34 – The Tragedy


Taking the time to curl her hair and dab on some makeup caused her to be running down to the lobby late hoping that he wasn’t mad for her taking so long.
“And don’t you look beautiful with your colorful outfit and freshly combed hair,” he commented as she approached his chair.
“A girl has to look her best for her favorite photographer,” she snapped back as they left the lobby and headed out the front doors.  “Sorry I was late but I wanted to look my best.”
“And you succeeded in doing that,” he said with a wink.
They spent the better part of the morning walking around the grounds of the lodge as he posed her for some pictures and took candid’s for the rest.  The whole ordeal embarrassed the hell out of her because she hated having her picture taken anyway, but as the day went on she found the whole thing to be fun with him assuring her the pictures would go no further than the two of them.
“You are quite the beautiful subject,” he commented as he posed her leaning against a tree brushing her long auburn hair back to one side.  He leaned over and kissed her on the lips and expecting to pull back was taken by surprise when she pulled him in against her to lengthen the kiss.  “Now that was an unexpected pleasure,” he said approvingly.
“You just have this irresistible smile that makes me do things I don’t usually do,” she joked as she pushed him away and struck the pose he wanted.
He snapped three or four pictures from different angles as he put the camera strap around his neck and said that was enough pictures for the day.
“Let’s head over to that clearing overlooking the water and relax a while,” he said as he pointed towards the lake.
They walked about five minutes to a secluded spot on the east side of the lake that was a small clearing in the woods at the edge of a large lake.  Four or five geese were quietly paddling their way around the waters as they both arrived at this scenic spot that seemed perfect for the two of them to relax and talk.  She picked a spot and started to sit down on the ground when he stopped her and said wait.  He walked over to a large tree at the edge of the clearing and reaching behind it brought out a grey blanket for them to sit on.
“Now how did that get there,” she said jokingly with a surprised look on her face.
He didn’t answer but just spread the blanket out flat and helped her sit down in the middle.  Walking back to the tree he again appeared, this time with a bottle of white zinfandel and two wine glasses.  Tossing a white linen napkin over his forearm he approached her, knelt down, and said, “May I pour the lady a glass of her favorite wine?”
She loved the surprise and appreciated all the trouble he went through to plant the items before they ventured out for the day.
They laughed and talked casually for a while before Dan settled into a more serious subject.
“Kaylee we seem to be getting closer and closer and I want you to know my feelings for you grow larger every time we’re together.”
“Well mine do too Dan,” she answered as she leaned over and gave him a soft kiss on the lips.  “As you know it’s always been hard for me to get close to a guy; I just have this defense mechanism that pops up and says no, slow down and don’t let him in, you’ll end up hurt.”
“I know, you’ve told me that before and it really makes me feel good to know that you’re comfortable enough with me to let that guard down and let me get close to you.  That part makes me feel really good,” he said as he filled both of their glasses up again and looked into her eyes.  “Since we have been getting closer and possibly our relationship could blossom into something more, I don’t know…but I want to be honest with you and tell you something that I you’re not aware of.”
“Okay, you’re scaring me now and the edges of the walls are starting to rise…what is it?”
“I have a little girl.”
Kaylee was completely taken by surprise and so speechless she could only repeat his statement.
“You have a little girl?”
“Yes, she’s four years old and her name is Kate.”
Kaylee again was silent as she just stared into his eyes thinking how strange it was that her name was Kate, such a familiar name lately!
“I didn’t know you were married before, you never told me that.”
“Oh I’ve never been married.  The relationship that I told you about four years ago was just that, a relationship that ended; it just ended with a child between us.  Let me explain, okay?”
She shook her head yes.
“I met Kristen about six years ago at a college frat party up at NYU where I attended school.  We only dated for about three weeks before we just fell in love and at that point were completely inseparable spending every waking moment together.  It was shortly after that when she told me she was pregnant with our child and at that point I committed to her and offered to marry her so we could raise the child together.  She refused to get married simply because she had gotten pregnant so we just got a place together and went on with finishing college and building a life together, hoping one day to tie the knot and make it official.  After about three years together we finally decided that we wanted to spend the rest of our lives together with Kate and went ahead planning our wedding day.  I remember Katie was so excited because she was going to be the flower girl and she just loved dressing up in fancy clothes, the fancier the better.  Two weeks before the wedding she was returning from the hairdresser late in the afternoon when a drunk driver ran a stop sign about three blocks from our house hitting the driver side door and killing her instantly.”
“Oh Dan I’m so sorry for you and Katie, that’s so tragic,” she said with a small tear in her eye.
He just nodded and smiled as he also wiped his eye as he continued.
“It was a real tough time in my life because I just didn’t want to go on without her.  We had grown together just so nicely and our love was blossoming fully, it was just a devastating time for me; but then I had Katie to think about because she was three at the time and just beginning to idolize her mother.  They just did everything together, whether they were at home having a tea party and playing dress-up, or out shopping for clothes and makeup, they spent every waking minute together.  So when the accident happened I just didn’t know what to say to her.  What do you say to a three year old who wonders where her mommy is; where is the person who wakes me up every morning tickling her, who sprinkles jimmies on her vegetables to make everything taste wonderful, and takes her everywhere she goes because they are best friends and that’s what best friends do?  I was absolutely lost wondering what to say to this little girl.  I was her daddy, the person she looked up to for all the answers in life and I didn’t know what to say.”
Kaylee leaned over and gently kissed him on the forehead.




Chapter 35 – The Relationship


They both laid flat on the blanket looking up at the sky. “How have things gone with Katie since the accident,” she asked.
“Pretty good,” he replied as he put his arm under her neck and pulled her close.  “Little Katie is the apple of my eye and I love her to death.  Luckily my parents live close to me and have supported me fully in this and watch their granddaughter whenever they can, so that makes it real easy.”
“Well it sounds like you have provided a great environment for her and she is surrounded now by people who love her.”
He sipped on his wine as he struggled to ask the next question.
“So what does that do for our relationship, or the future of one?”
“Well what it really does Mister Franklin is show me just how sweet and caring you are, which just makes more points with me,” she said with a smile as she leaned over again and kissed him on the cheek.  “You’re a caring Dad who got caught in a tragic situation where you lost your love partner and cared enough about your little girl to be more worried about her than yourself and that’s very commendable if you ask me.”
“Whew,” he said as he wiped his brow.  “I’ve spent the last month worried to death that if I told you about this it would end our relationship.  Not that you’re that kind of person but I just didn’t know how you would feel about seeing a guy who had excess baggage.”
“Don’t call that precious little girl excess baggage,” she said as she slapped him on the arm.  “I bet she is a beautiful little thing that just idolizes her daddy.  Am I right?”
He agreed but rolled over on his side facing her as she too faced him.
“We’re okay but she doesn’t seem like a happy little girl to me.  I’ve never been a dad before but I would think a four year old would always be happy and want to go outside and play with the other kids in the neighborhood, but she just sits in her room most days and plays with her dolls and has her own little tea parties.  I’ll pop in and ask her if I can have tea with her but she always says mommy always says tea is for ladies and goes back to what she was doing.  Now don’t get me wrong, I don’t want it to sound like she is a basket case and shuts me out of everything, but she just seems to be lost in her own little world and she just looks so lonely.”
“Well even though it’s been a year I’m sure she’s still grieving inside herself for her mommy and is holding it in like a big girl.  You’d be surprised how bright a four year old can be.”
“I just don’t know what to do anymore.  I’ve sat down on many occasions and just tried to talk to her to try and get a feeling for what she is going through but she just won’t open up to me.  She always refers to her mom in the present form as if she’s still around and that scares me.”
“Well I would just love to meet her and talk to her someday and maybe she’ll open up a little to a stranger.”
“That would just be fantastic, I’m sure she’d love to have you at her tea party,” he said with a smile.
They were silent for a few minutes as they hugged and looked into each other’s eyes.
“So I now know how Katie has weathered the storm, what about you, how have you survived the tragedy?”
“Pretty good I guess.  It was so difficult at first because I was just lost in a haze, I didn’t know where to turn or what to do, especially for Katie.  But as time went on I think she became so much of my focus that I didn’t have time to really grieve and as awful as that sounds I think it helped me.  I think if I would have had time to just sit and think about what had happened I would have been a basket case and that would have been devastating for Kate.  She needed sympathy and parental guidance immediately and that’s where my focus was.”
“Have you dated since then?”
“No not really.  I mean friends have tried to hook me up and I’ve gone out on some dinner dates and stuff like that but as far as getting into a relationship, no, you’re the first.”
“Are we in a relationship?”
“Well I’d like to think that this could develop into something meaningful.  I mean I haven’t felt this way about anyone since Kristen passed away so that has to mean something.”
He paused and then said, “Are you in a relationship?”
“I am now,” she answered.




Chapter 36 – The Ghost


They relaxed on the blanket just staring up at the sky, him talking about Kate and Kaylee asking a ton of questions.  He was all too eager to answer anything she wanted to know, feeling that he was getting his whole life out there on the table so there were no secrets between them.  It was then that she took her turn.
“Dan, since we’re getting everything out there and discussing what’s going on in our lives, I want to be honest with you and tell you what’s been happening in my life since we first met.”
“Is this the other guy thing, or the personal problem you’ve talked about?”
“Yes,” she answered as she took a swallow of wine and sat up on the blanket crossing her legs in front of her.  “Let me start by asking you a strange question, okay?”
“Okay,” he replied as he rolled over on his side and propped his head in his hand.
“Do you believe in ghosts?”
“Ghosts,” he replied back.  “Like spiritual type ghosts.”
“Yes, whatever you want to call them.  Someone’s ghost that is still in a house or someone’s spirit that is still in a room.”
“Well no I’ve never really thought a whole lot about it, but I’d have to say no I don’t really think ghosts exist except in our mind or the minds of scared little kids.”
“Have you ever wondered if Kristen’s ghost is watching you or watching over Katie?”
“No I really can’t say that I’ve really ever thought about it.  Why?”
“Because ghosts do exist and their spirits can exist around us.  I didn’t believe in ghosts either but I’ll tell you they do exist and I’ve seen them.”
Dan sat up and gave her a funny but serious look.
“Now you think I’m wacko right,” she asked.
“No I don’t think you’re wacko, I’m just curious to hear your story.  Is that the personal problem that you’ve been talking about?”
“Yes,” she answered as he too sat up and taking his hand she began her story.  “Remember I told you about my great-grandmother dating this guy up here and there was this tragic accident and he was killed.  I was at his grave, remember?”
“Sure I remember that.”
“Well he died by falling off a horse and hitting his head and two days later he passed away in the lodge in room 4T, the room I always stay in.”
“And he contacted you in the room?”
“He not only contacted me but I’ve seen him and talked to him and he is in love with me.”
“The ghost is in love with you?”
“Yes, at first he thought I was his long lost Katherine that had finally returned to the lodge to be with him again, but after much persuasion I finally convinced him that I was her great-granddaughter and just looked remarkably like her.  Once I convinced him of that he starting falling in love with me.”
“Do you actually talk to him?”
“Well at first he left me notes and I wrote him notes back.  They would just appear in the room, notes, pictures, a necklace; they all just showed up on my bed.”
“So you talk to him through notes.”
“I did and now a live image of him appears on a mirror in the room and we talk.”
“Aren’t you scared?”
“No not really.  I was scared at first when these things started happening and I thought someone was breaking into my room, but now I guess I’ve gotten kind of used to him.”
“Are the two of you in love?  I mean, do you love his ghost?”
“No I don’t love him but I am infatuated with his story and saddened by the fact that he lost his true love to an awful freak accident and he has stayed in this room all these years waiting and hoping that she will return to him.  Plus the fact that it hits home to me because it all happened to my great-grandmother and I guess I feel obligated to follow through on it for her sake.”
“So what does he want from you?”
“Well I guess he’d like me to spend the rest of my life with him, replacing Katherine.”
“That means you’d have to die right?”
“I guess so, which I’m not going to do so don’t worry about that.  I just don’t know how to go about letting him down gently without hurting him; I’d feel like I was letting my great-grandmother down.”
“His real love, Katherine, is dead right?”
“Yes she died about eleven years after him.”
“Well can’t he just join her in the afterlife?  I mean does he know she’s dead and he can find her?”
“Now he knows she is dead and I was about to try and convince him to go to the light and meet her there, wherever that is, but things have gotten more complicated.”
“Like how,” he asked.
“He mentioned one time that he had spoken with my dad,” she said as he could see her start to get visibly upset.  “I asked him to prove it to me and he came back and told me something that only my dad would know, which proved to me he did in fact speak with him.  Now, I’m thinking that he may be able to let me talk to my dad again and that is something I wouldn’t pass up for a million dollars.  Right now I’m waiting for him to let me know if I can see my dad.”
“And if you can?”
“Oh God, that’s all I’ve thought about the past two weeks is what I’d say to him if I got the chance.  I mean just think if you were given the opportunity to speak with Kristen again.  I’m sure you’ve thought back a hundred times at things you wish you would have said or things you want her to know.  Wouldn’t you just die at the chance of doing that?”
“Absolutely, that would just be incredible.  I see what you mean, what do you say if given the chance?”
“It’s a once in a lifetime thing,” she agreed.
“I just don’t know what I’d say.  You said you’ve thought about it, so what will you say to him?  Or maybe that’s a private thing, forget I asked.”
“No it’s not that it’s private, it’s just that I don’t know.  I just need to find out so I can stop racking my brain over it.  Anyway, that’s the dilemma I’m in and I’m glad I finally had the chance to tell you about it.  I was afraid because I thought you’d think I was crazy for talking about ghosts in my room.”
“That’s just unbelievable; I mean are there spirits all around us?  I wonder if Kristen is still here and watching over me and Katie.”
“I guess we’ll never know for sure,” she answered as she rolled back off her side and stared at the sky again.  “I just know I would give anything to have the chance to talk with my dad again.  He was the most important thing in my life and there is just so much I’d like to say to him if given the chance.  If it doesn’t happen it doesn’t happen, but I have to see it through if there’s the slightest chance.  You understand don’t you?”
He nodded in approval as they both stopped talking and let their minds wander thinking of the possibilities.




Chapter 37 – The Talk


They completed their afternoon picnic filled with talk, kisses, and the enjoyment of a peaceful afternoon.  It was obvious that their affection for each other was blossoming with every moment they had together as their hands and lips continually pursued each other.
They returned to the lodge and after a quick freshen up met for an early dinner at the restaurant.  The tables are mostly empty as usual this time of year but their favorite has been saved for them as they order and talk over a cocktail.
“I’d just love to meet Katie,” she says trying to reassure him that his daughter presented no problem to their relationship.
“You don’t know how happy that makes me feel,” he replied as he caressed her hand across the tabletop.  “Katie is such a fantastic little girl and I know she would just love you.  I’ve tried to be both mother and father to her since Kristen’s death but it’s just not the same.”
“I’m sure you do the best you can, you seem like that kind of guy but you’re right, you just can’t be both parents to her when she really needs both a mother and father to help her in her growing years.  I know that having both my mom and dad for my first fourteen years was a blessing because they both did their own thing to make my life as perfect as possible.  Then when my dad passed away it became really hard for my mom because she just couldn’t provide that closeness that Dad and I had.  It was just a special father/daughter relationship that no one can replicate.”
“Did you and your mom get closer after his death?”
“Well yes we definitely got closer,” she answered as she played with the end of her hair, curling it with two fingers.  Her mind wandered back to those younger days as she talked but stared into space.  “Mom and I were always close, but we did have that mother daughter stand-off as I got into my preteen years.  We definitely loved each other but between all the love there was this mish-mash of all those girly decisions that sent us both reeling in different directions.  I think it’s just that mothers are so much more critical of their daughters because they are the same gender and they expect certain decisions out of them whereas my dad just told me to be myself and let things in life happen and if I was true to myself then everything would turn out for the good.  I just loved that philosophy as opposed to my mom always criticizing the little things and more or less trying to model my life after her mistakes.   But I guess as it came down to just having each other we were forced to form a closer bond and tackle decisions in a different way.  Instead of spending the afternoon playing in the yard with Dad or walking through the neighborhood as we bounced the basketball around, Mom and I would do girly things like shopping or doing our nails.  Things that we hadn’t really done a whole lot of before because Dad’s activities always took priority with me, we were that close.”
“That’s so funny because I can see exactly what you’re saying in my daily life.  Kristen and Kate would always do those girly things together and I seemed to always take a backseat to her mom, but that was always fine with me because I didn’t know how to do those things with a little girl.  Now I’m being forced to do those things and I just don’t see it being the same for her as it was with her mom.  She seems buried within herself and just not the bubbly little girl that was always smiling and giggling around the house all day.  It really bugs me to death to see her that way.”
“I know and it’s so hard when you try to be both mother and father and you just can’t.  There are certain characteristics that they both have and as much as we try we can’t replicate both sides.  My mom tried desperately to protect me from all the people in life that were her nemesis and it wasn’t until my dad was gone that she realized that we each are a different person within ourselves.  I have to make my own mistakes in life just as she did and once she realized that she backed off and watched me grow with her guidance not her forcefulness.  My dad just knew right away that I would find my way in life and he was always willing to just stand on the side and wait for me to ask for his help and that’s what I loved about him.”
The waiter interrupted her thoughts as he refilled their cocktail glasses for a third time.  They were now the only couple in the restaurant as they looked around at their surroundings.
“Looks like we’ve talked ourselves right through the evening,” Dan said as he knew she wanted to retire early to her room.  “We’ll finish this drink and then you can get some of that much needed sleep you talked about.  But I do want you to know that I can’t wait for you to meet Katie and hopefully you can get her to open up to you a little bit.  I just fear so much that this is affecting her personality and I feel like I may be damaging her in some way.”
“Well it’s no fault of your own that she lost her mom so you can’t blame yourself for that,” Kaylee said reassuringly.
“I know, I don’t blame myself, I just want this little girl of mine to grow up knowing she’s loved and having everything in life that she needs to go from a little girl to big girl.  I’m just afraid I can’t give her all that information as a Dad.”
“You’ll be fine Dan; you’re underestimating what you can give her as a father.  Why don’t we make a date to meet back here in two weeks and this time you can bring Katie with you so I can meet her and we can spend a little time together.”
“That would be fabulous.  See, this is why I love you.”
Kaylee heard the words come out of his mouth and it was the first time that had been said between them.  They had often conveyed the expression with their eyes as they not only communicated sincerity and trust but an inner feeling of passion for each other.  The little necessary behaviors of holding hands and gentle kisses had been the foundations of their feelings to this point but now he was expressing his love through words, words that she felt compelled to repeat because of her feelings also.
“I’m so happy to hear you say those words because I too have those feelings.  I’ve been afraid to say anything because I just wanted things to happen naturally and didn’t want to be premature in assuming you felt the same way but it makes me so happy to hear those words from you.”
They leaned over the table and kissed, letting that say it all.




Chapter 38 – The Realization


Kaylee returned to her room feeling joyous over what had just transpired at the restaurant and happy she had set something up to meet his daughter which she fully looked forward to.
She took a quick shower for the evening and dressed into her usual relaxation clothes for the night.  The room was aglow with the beams of a near full moon that she could see sitting on her bed.  She hadn’t felt the chill of Austin’s presence but she hoped he was there so they could talk.
“Austin can we talk,” she said looking into the mirror from her bed.
“Yes I am here my dear Kaylee,” said the voice as his image took hold in the mirror.  “You’ve had a great day with your friend Dan I would assume?”
“Yes I was surprised that he came up here and we went ahead and spent the day together,” she answered hoping that he wouldn’t dwell on the fact that she was spending so much time with Dan.  “But now I am here to talk with you and I am excited about that.”
“Yes I am too and I have some good news and some bad news for you,” Austin replied as he got right to the point.  “This may seem odd to you but as a spirit caught between two worlds I have never been aware of what I can do and can’t do within my realm of abilities.  In my quest to reunite with my Kate I have just been here, waiting for that moment in time to happen, so I am not familiar with the powers that I have, if any.  As I said before, when I talked to your father I simply communicated with him via the thought process and if he can hear me, which he did, he responds the same way.”
“Yes I remember you saying that,” she interjected as she patiently waited to hear the news.
“I have found out that I can request that one person visit with me from the other side, which is the good news.  The bad news is that it can only happen one time and that’s it.”
“Austin that is fantastic, that means I could possibly talk with my dad again at some point in the future?”
“Yes my dear that is true as long as the person on the other side agrees to that visit, which I’m sure your dad will.”
“Oh Austin how can I possibly thank you if this does indeed happen.  You don’t know what that means to me to be able to speak just one more time with him.  It’s not that he died so quickly and suddenly but just the fact that when the time comes you don’t rationally think of all the things you would like to say to this person, so another chance would be a once in a lifetime opportunity.”
“Well I am so happy to see you excited and just the fact that you are here with me is thank you enough.  I have waited so long for Kate to come back to me that when you arrived I was ecstatic because I thought for sure she had returned to me.  Finding out that you were not her was something that was hard to accept but knowing that you were in fact a part of her made my wait worthwhile.  Now all I want is to be close to you and savor the moments.”
Kaylee cringed as she heard what he was saying knowing that her only reason for being there now was first not to disappoint her great-grandmother but also now to see her dad.  The last thing she wanted to do was to keep his hopes up purely for her own benefit.
“Austin, can I be perfectly honest with you?”
“That is the only way to be my dear; I would have it no other way.”
“Austin I am here on earth and have only been here for twenty-one years so I am very young to life.  I have many, many things to look forward to and to live for, one of which is true love with a partner that I know and cherish.  Right now I’m hoping that person is Dan.  With you I am part of a love affair that existed a long, long time ago between you and my great-grandmother Katherine, it doesn’t involve me, it involves you and her.  You’re only infatuated with me because I look exactly like her and I’m here and she’s not, that’s the only reason.  You have waited a long time for the love of your life to reappear in this room so you could continue the love affair that you started before the tragic accident cut it short; but I’m not her and she’s not here.  You are caught in a world that exists between my real world and the world on the other side of the light and you need to correct that and let yourself go to the light; and you should do that because the love of your life Katherine is on the other side waiting for you, she’s been waiting there for the last five years.  I assume you cannot connect with each other because you are here and she is there and you really haven’t tried to communicate with her mentally like you did with my dad.  Can’t you give it a try and see if in fact she is there waiting for you to join her?”
There was a pause of silence as he seemed to be thinking.
“Kaylee do you really think that my Kate is there waiting for me?”
“Austin I know she is.  She was as in love with you as you were with her and your death was tragic to her.  She spent eleven years mourning your loss and almost took pleasure in her own life ending because she could be with you again.  She’s waiting for you, I know she is.”
“I will give it a try tonight, I promise.”
“You won’t go into the light tonight if you contact her will you?”
“No I promise I’ll talk with you again before I do anything.  I promise that to you my dear Kaylee.”
With that his image disappeared and Kaylee breathed a sigh of relief feeling she had handled the entire situation perfectly.  She had been afraid that he had spent all these years since his death reliving all the experiences that he and Kate had together that his confused and aching heart had truly led him to believe that Kaylee was in fact Kate returning.  He spent years and years rebuilding their relationship in his mind to the point that the instant he saw Kaylee he went into the mode of his life returning to normalcy because she was back in his life again.
She was startled by the ringing of the phone.




Chapter 39– The Image


Kaylee was surprised to hear Dan on the other end. “Kaylee I’m sorry to call you this late but I just have to show you something.  Is it okay if I just slip over to your room for a few minutes?”
“Sure,” she answered, knowing she wouldn’t be able to sleep anyway if she told him no.
Within minutes there was a knock at the door.
Seeing it was Dan she unlatched the door and let him in as she fiddled with her hair to make it look presentable.
“What is it,” she immediately asked as she closed and locked the door behind him.
“When I left you after dinner I was so excited about our conversation that I just couldn’t even begin to think about settling in for the night.  I jumped in my car and rode into town and went to a one-hour photo place to get the pictures developed that I had taken of you this afternoon.  Take a look at these,” he insisted as he spread a few of them out in front of her on the bed where they were sitting.
“Oh wow they turned out great,” she said as she leaned closer and squinted struggling to see some of the details.  “What is that on these pictures,” she questioned as she pointed to them.
“Exactly,” he quickly replied.  “Each of these pictures has that funny glow or image directly behind you and I think it’s your ghost friend.”
Kaylee looked closer at each picture and each one was the same, it had this faint blurred outline of something white standing behind her in each picture.
“Austin said he’s usually with me when I’m in or around the lodge so I guess maybe that is him, but I didn’t know that images of ghosts showed up on pictures.”
“I think I remember reading that somewhere,” Dan said.  “I guess it’s true though, here’s proof of that.”
They both studied them again before Dan scooped them up and put them back in his pocket.  He looked over at Kaylee who was sitting on the bed in her sweat pants and flimsy night top as he leaned over and kissed her on the lips.  It only took a few seconds before they were lying down on the bed and very much into each other before Kaylee popped back up.
“Dan I can’t do anything here.”
“What do you mean,” he asked as he caught his breath.
“I just can’t do anything in this room.  I mean I know Austin is probably here right now and as much as I love being with you I just couldn’t.”
“What are you afraid of,” he asked as sat upright on the edge of the bed.  “It’s just a ghost, a spirit that is following you, it doesn’t have feelings or anything.”
“But Dan it does.  I know this whole thing is hard for you to understand, it’s hard for me too and I think I’d dismiss the whole thing in an instant if it wasn’t for my family who is wrapped around the history of this man.  I’ve gotten to know this man, who yes is a spirit, but he’s real to me and we’ve developed a relationship over these past few months that seems to have transcended reality.  Does that make sense?”
“I guess if you put it that way it makes sense to you.  Are you in love with this Austin guy?”
“In a way I am.  I mean I’m in love with the whole history of what happened and that now I’m a part of that story.  I feel that if I hurt Austin by telling him to go away that I’ll be letting my family down, letting down everyone that came before me.  I just can’t do that.”
So what’s your plan now,” Dan asked as he took her hand in his.  “I’m here now Kaylee and I do believe I’m in love with you.  I’m picking up Katie tomorrow and bringing her here to meet you so we can take our relationship to the next step, but I don’t want to base our decisions on what happens with a ghost.”
“I know Dan, believe me I know exactly what you mean and my plans are to persuade Austin to go back where he belongs, to go back to the woman he really loves.  I too want our relationship to go forward, more than you can imagine.  I want to meet your daughter tomorrow and make her a huge part of this relationship by gaining her trust and confidence.  Just give me a chance to talk to Austin and we’ll be able to move on with our life together, okay?”




Chapter 40 – Katie


Kaylee’s stomach was in knots as she patiently waited to see Dan’s car pull up in the circle.  She had been down in the lobby for almost forty-five minutes anticipating their arrival, excited yet nervous about meeting Dan’s daughter for the first time.  She finally walked over to the left side of the restaurant and ordered a glass of wine to sip on while she waited, hoping it would calm her nerves.  They wouldn’t let her take the glass out to the lobby so she sat a stool right on the perimeter of the lobby looking straight out the front window.
She had only taken a few sips when she spotted his silver convertible pulling up the driveway leading to the entrance.  He had the top down and could see Katie’s long blonde hair sweeping back in the breeze as the car pulled up to the double doors and stopped.
“I’m finished,” she said to the bartender as she took a big gulp and set the glass down.  “Put it on my room tab.”
She glanced at the mirror behind the bar as she fluffed her hair and turned walking towards the lobby while smoothing out her outfit.  She didn’t know why she was fussing so much over meeting a four-year-old little girl.
Reaching the doors she swung them open and walked out as Dan was coming around the car to unbuckle Katie.
“Well hello you two,” Kaylee said as she held the car door open as Dan lifted Katie out.  He set her on the ground as Kaylee knelt down in front of her.
“Hi there Katie, my name is Kaylee and I’m really glad to meet you today,” she said with her biggest smile.
Katie leaned back and wrapped both her arms around her dad’s leg as she buried her face in his pants leg.
“Now don’t be shy Katie,” said Dan as he too knelt down to Katie’s level.  “This is my friend Kaylee the girl I was telling you about.  Say hello sweetie.”
“Hello,” came faintly out of the little girl’s mouth as she looked at Kaylee.
“Hello Katie, can I have a little hug just to show that we’re friends,” Kaylee offered as she held her arms out for the shy little girl.
With some hesitation Katie let go of her dad’s leg and walked three steps over to Kaylee and with a small forced smile on her face wrapped her little arms around Kaylee’s neck.
“Oh boy what a great big hug you have.  There,” Kaylee said as she pulled away with her hands on Katie’s shoulders, “that means we’re good friends now.  And you are such a big girl, look at this beautiful outfit you’re wearing, I just love the colors.  Did you pick it out to wear today?”
Katie shook her head yes as her smile grew bigger.
“You clothes are pretty too,” she said to Kaylee.
“Well thank you, I wore it just for you today because I wanted to look special for my new friend.  I’ll bet you’re hungry after that long trip in the car with Dad, how about we go inside and while Dad checks in at the desk, you and I can get a table in the restaurant and wait for him, okay?”
Katie looked up at her dad for approval.
“Okay,” she said as she saw her dad smile and shake his head yes.
The three of them walked inside as Dan went to check them into their room and the two girls, hand-in-hand, walked into the restaurant.  Kaylee asked for her usual table by the window that overlooked the lake out back and helped Katie get situated in the child seat opposite her.
As they talked she could tell that Katie was opening up to her a little bit and becoming more comfortable the more they talked.  She could still sense the indecision in some of her answers and the awkwardness as she kept looking over her shoulder for her dad to join them.
“Dad will be here in just a minute sweetie.  See that big lake out back, do you like the water?”
Katie shook her head yes.
“Well maybe if it’s okay with Dad and you want to, we can get a little boat tomorrow and go out on the lake just the two of us like big girls, how about that?”
Katie again shook her head yes as she again looked over her shoulder as Dan approached behind her.
“How’s it going there with my two girls,” he asked as he pulled up his chair.
“Daddy, she wants to know if I can go out on the lake in a boat with her tomorrow, is that okay if I do that?”
“Well sure it is honey, that way you and Kaylee can really talk girl to girl and get to know each other.  I think that would be great.”
Dan and Kaylee looked at each other as he winked his approval of how things were going so far.  The three of them had a nice dinner and just talked casually keeping the conversation at Katie’s level to make her feel more comfortable.
They finished their dinner and walked up to their new room to drop off their bags.
“Are you staying in here with us too,” Katie said as they entered the room and plopped the bags on the bed.
“No Katie I have my own room, this room is just for you and your dad,” she laughed as she looked at Dan as he shrugged his shoulders and laughed too.
They each took turns using the bathroom and then decided to go down to the lobby and watch television together until it was Katie’s bedtime.  Halfway through the first program Kaylee motioned to Dan that Katie was already sound asleep in his arms so they called it a night and set a time to meet for breakfast in the morning.




Chapter 41 – The Boat Ride


Kaylee set her alarm so that she could get up bright and early and get a few things done before she was due to meet them in the restaurant for breakfast.  She knew that she wanted this day to be special with Katie so she planned out everything she wanted to do to make sure it went perfectly.
“Ready for a nice day, just you and me,” Kaylee said with a big smile on her face as she joined them at the table for breakfast.
She watched as Katie sadly looked away and buried her face in her dad’s shirt.
“Oh now come on,” Kaylee continued, “it’ll be fun, just you and I out in a boat on the water, just getting to know each other, girl to girl.”
“You’ll have a great time,” Dan insisted as he pulled her face out from his body and looked her in the eyes, “just like we talked about last night, you two girls getting to know each other, okay?”
Katie kept her face buried in her dad’s lap but gave a little reluctant nod of approval as breakfast arrived for the three of them.  Kaylee, who usually didn’t eat a big breakfast, decided to chow down and get a plate of silver dollar pancakes with a scrambled egg.  Dan had eggs and two giant Belgian waffles while Katie chose a bowl of Rice Krispies with a banana sliced on them.
“Okay Katie, eat up, so you and Miss Kaylee can get started on your boat ride,” pleaded Dan as he poured milk over the cereal creating that ever-famous sound.  “Snap, Crackle, Pop!” he said as he watched her put her ear to the bowl and giggle.
As they ate and talked Kaylee tried to continually include Katie in the conversation just to break the morning ice and make her feel more at ease.  After finishing the meal and paying the check the three of them walked hand-in-hand out the door where Dan knelt down beside Katie and asked for a big promise.
“Now I know my little girl is going to be a perfect little angel for Miss Kaylee and show her what a big girl you are.  Okay?”
Katie shook her head yes with a big smile on her face as she wrapped both arms around his neck and gave him a big kiss on the cheek.
Taking Katie’s hand in hers, Kaylee strolled off towards the boat landing as Katie continually looked back at her father with every few steps she took.  Kaylee couldn’t help but feel sad as she watched Katie’s smile turn to a frown as her dad disappeared inside the building.
“Okay sweetie-pie,” Kaylee said as she swung their arms strongly back and forth in rhythm with their walking, “let’s get down to this boat dock and see if our boat is ready to be launched.”
Once at the boathouse Kaylee loaded a few bags she had brought down earlier and they both boarded the boat.  She had Katie put on a little life preserver for safety as they sat facing each other and Kaylee began to paddle out towards the middle of the lake. 
It was just a perfect day with soft white clouds in the blue sky, the birds chirping in the surrounding woods, and water so calm it looked as if they were gliding on a mirror.
It took only a few minutes to reach the middle where Kaylee pulled in the oars and reached for three of the four bags she had brought aboard.  Katie watched her every move as she pulled square colorful pillows out of each bag and laid they side-by-side in the bottom of the boat until the entire surface was covered. 
Seeing the big smile on Katie’s face, Kaylee reached over for her hand saying, “Okay, let’s both lay down in the bottom of the boat and just talk as we float around on the lake.”
They both spread out on top of the pillows giggling as they stared straight up at the blue sky above.
“Now look at that big white cloud over there,” Kaylee said as she pointed off towards a cloud.  “That cloud looks just like a big Mickey Mouse with the two ears on each side of its head.”
Katie giggled out loud as she also pointed at it and repeated “Mickey Mouse.”
“Now you try and find something in the clouds,” encouraged Kaylee.
She looked over as Katie’s big blue eyes search the sky for something as she giggled out loud.
“There,” she said as she pointed off to one side, “it’s Pluto the dog.”
Kaylee giggled with delight as she pointed with her.
“I see…you’re right, it looks just like Pluto the dog.  Maybe he’s looking around in the sky for his friend Mickey Mouse.”
“Over there Pluto, Mickey Mouse is right over there,” Katie said as she continued to laugh.
They both searched the sky for other figures as the boat glided and turned ever so gently on the clear lake.  After a while they laid silently just staring into the sky above as their laughter stopped.
“It’s so nice to hear you laugh,” Kaylee said as she continued to look towards the sky.  “It always seems as if you’re so sad whenever we meet.  I was beginning to think that maybe you didn’t like me or something.”
The silence continued as they floated but Kaylee didn’t press the conversation any more as she waited to see if Katie would be at ease enough to have a talk.  Finally, she broke the silence.
“No, I like you.”
“Well I’m really glad to hear that,” Kaylee reassured her.  “I just thought you were always sad to see me.”
“No, it’s not you, it’s just….well….I guess I just miss my mommy.”
“Well I can understand that.  We all miss our mommies when they’re not with us and that makes me sad sometimes too.”
After another moment of silence Katie spoke again.
“But I’m sad because my mommy is gone away and I’ll never see her again.  Is that why you’re sad for your mommy?”
“No, my mommy lives not far from where I live and we get to see each other a lot, but it still makes me sad when a long time goes by and I don’t get to see her.  Where did your mommy go?”
“My mommy went to visit the angels and is staying there with them.”
Kaylee felt a tear form in the corner of her eye as she carefully thought out her words.
“Well that happens sometimes.  You see the angels live way up in heaven and sometimes they invite very special people to come up and visit with them, but only very, very special people.  I guess when they invited your mommy they loved her so much that they asked her to stay with them which they don’t just do with everyone that visits them in heaven.”
“My mommy was a very special person because she was my mommy and I loved her and my daddy loved her…but I guess she didn’t love us as much as we loved her because she just left and didn’t even say goodbye.”
“Now I didn’t know your mommy but from what your daddy tells me, your mommy loved you more than anything in this world.  You know, sometimes when the angels see someone that they really think is special, they just fly that person right up to heaven without even giving the person any warning that they’re going to do that.  So I would say that if your mommy didn’t have a chance to say goodbye, if she just left without saying anything to you or your dad, then she must have really, really been a special person.”
“I guess,” Katie said in a sad voice.
Kaylee let the moment go silent again as she thought carefully about where to take the conversation next.
Katie again broke the silence.
“My daddy said he really likes you a lot and you’re really a special person in his life now.”  There was a long pause.  “Does that mean that you’re special enough for the angels to call you too?”
The teardrop puddle in the corner of her eye now formed a stream that ran down the side of her face as she thought of this little girl’s grief.  She gently rolled over on the pillows until she was facing Katie.  Katie did the same.
“From everything I’ve heard, the angels don’t have a whole lot of room in heaven so that’s why they just take very special people, like your mommy.  I may be special to your daddy but I don’t think I’m special enough to visit with the angels.  I’m sure that your mommy would have loved to have time to talk with you and tell you how much she loves you and your dad, but she really didn’t get the chance and I know she’s probably very sad about that.”
“Do you think she knows I’m sad about it?”
“Well sure she does sweetie.  Your mommy can still see you and I’m sure she knows you’re real sad.  I’m sure she wishes she could just tell you she loves you and give you a big giant hug.”
“I don’t believe that,” Katie snapped as she stared straight at Kaylee.  “If she wanted to she could just ask the angels for a few minutes and they’d let her do it, I know they would because they can see how sad I am without my mommy.”
“Oh I’m sure the angels know how sad you are Katie but knowing how special your mommy is to them, I’m sure they have her doing some very important things for them and they just don’t know how they could ever let her go long enough without missing her terribly.”
“I guess they’re just more important than me and daddy are,” she said as she folded her hands in front of her mouth.
“I didn’t know your mom but I can tell you Katie that you and your dad were the most important two people in her life.  She didn’t choose to leave and go with the angels to live but knowing that the two of you are safe and happy I’m sure brings her joy every day.  Believe me, I know she looks down on your each day and watches everything that you do, so it’s always important to remember her everyday and just give her a few minutes of your time to let her know you’re thinking about her too,” said Kaylee as she folded Katie’s hands in hers.
Katie forced a smile as a small tear ran down her cheeks.




Chapter 42 – The Lunch


The two girls continued to float around the lake just smiling, talking, and looking up at the clouds.  The lake was so peaceful and quiet and the perfect setting for an afternoon of talking and getting to know each other.
“I’m so happy to spend this time with you Katie and really get to know you.  I know a little girl likes a mommy to talk to as she’s growing up because there’s just so many questions that you need answers for, but I want you to know that anytime you need to talk with another girl about anything at all you just ask your dad to dial my number and we’ll talk about anything you want too.  Is that okay with you?”
“Yes I’d like that very much.  I know my daddy really likes you a lot because he talks about you all the time and I know he really, really misses my mommy and it’s nice to see him smiling and talking again instead of just being sad in his favorite chair.  You’ve brought a smile back to his face and now a smile to mine, and I like that a lot.”
“Well I like your dad a lot too and I’m happy to hear us getting to know each other has made both of you’re a little happier.  Having someone you love taken away from you is a hard and difficult thing and sometimes people just drive themselves sick over it, but if you just step back and try to remember all the good memories and know she is  looking down on you, it makes each day a little easier.  So, I’m glad I helped you with that.”
“I really do like you Miss Kaylee and I’m so glad we had this boat ride today to get to know each other.  I miss my mommy terribly and think about her all the time and really wish we could have had the chance to at least say goodbye, but knowing that I have someone to talk to now besides daddy is really nice.  He’s a great help with my questions but he’s a dad not a mom.  You’re a girl friend that I can talk to since my mommy doesn’t have time for me anymore.”
On that note they both got up and embraced in a nice tight hug that lasted a few seconds.  Kaylee felt so wonderful that she had bonded with Katie and possibly helped her in her day to day struggle with the loss of her mommy, but felt sad knowing that Katie couldn’t get over the fact that her mommy had left her without saying goodbye.
As the day progressed and their talks continued they slowly drifted back to the edge of the lake and turned in the boat.  Dan had promised to meet them for lunch in the lodge and they were both hungry and eager to see him.
“There are my two favorite girls,” he said with a smile as Katie ran straight into his arms.  “I’ve already got a table for the three of us overlooking the back garden in a nice quiet spot so I can hear all about your morning trip.”
They both followed him as he led them to the secluded spot.
“Wow you’ve even ordered us drinks, how thoughtful,” Kaylee said as she looked at him and winked with an approving smile.
They had no sooner settled into their seats and taken a sip of their drinks when the waiter brought their lunch.  Dan had ordered each one of them their favorites.  A hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes for Kaylee, a grilled cheese sandwich and curly fries for Katie, and a steak and cheese sandwich for himself.
“Now this is perfect,” Kaylee quickly said as she grabbed her knife and fork and began to dig in.
“Yeah Daddy, this is perfect.  You got all of our favorite things and you must have known how hungry we were because you had it all ready for us.”
“I sure did,” Dan answered as he rubbed Katie on the top of her head.  “So how was your morning with Miss Kaylee sweetie, did you two get to know each other?”
“We sure did Dad, we talked and talked and drifted all around the lake.  It was so cool because Miss Kaylee had all these different color pillows and she spread them out all over the bottom of the boat and we just laid on them and looked up at the sky while we talked.  Miss Kaylee said that way we would be facing mommy and she could hear everything we were saying.  Isn’t that great?”
“Wow that sounds wonderful,” Dan answered as he stole a quick glance over towards Kaylee and mouthed the words thank you to her.
“You’re welcome,” she mouthed back with another flirtatious wink.
The talk went silent at that point as they all dove into their lunch, proving they were all starving and eating would take precedence over conversation.
Once finished they walked outside to the front of the lodge and Dan and Katie headed for their car to spend the afternoon together downtown.  Knowing that Katie was spending the morning with Kaylee he made plans for just the two of them to go out in the afternoon for a father-daughter day.  Besides, he knew it would give him a chance to talk with Katie and find out about her morning adventure.
Kaylee’s plans were to go up to her room and relax on the balcony with a good book.  There were so few times that she had a chance to just read and think so it was a welcome plan for the rest of her day.  She promised Dan they would get back together for a late dinner around 7pm.  
It was a beautiful afternoon with a cool gentle breeze melding with the sun making it perfect for sitting out on the balcony; something she was really looking forward to.




Chapter 43 – The Surprise Image


She had no more changed into something extremely comfortable and settled onto her porch chair with her book when she heard a voice inside her room.  Knowing it was Austin, she covered up a little and strolled in glancing immediately over at the mirror expecting his image to be there.  To her surprise, she jolted back as she looked to the left and saw him sitting full-bodied in the chair by the window.
“My God Austin, what is going on,” she asked as she retained the startled and surprised look on her face.  “How are you possibly here in the room with me, I thought that wasn’t possible?”
He rose out of his chair and with dazzling flirtatious eyes walked over to her and put his hands on her shoulders.
“My beautiful Kaylee, if you only knew how long I have waited for this moment.  A moment that I could stand beside you, touch you, look directly into your beautiful eyes and tell you what you mean to me.  This is that moment.”
He pulled her body close to his as she melted with each word that came out of his lips.  She wasn’t afraid, only startled.  Her feelings for this man had progressed with time and she knew deep in her heart that she was attracted to him for the gentleman and debonair person that he was.  She felt like she was being held by Clark Gable and she was Scarlet O’Hara.
They separated from their embrace and his hand went immediately to her chin lifting it up towards his face.  Slowly he lowered his lips onto hers and the full impact of what was happening finally hit her.  She kissed him back as their arms wrapped around each other and they pulled even closer together.  His kiss was soft but strong yet tender and moist.  She melted.
Another embrace followed with nothing but silence filling the room except for their combined breathing.
“Oh Austin, I am so caught up in this moment but I have to stop and find out how this is happening.  I don’t understand.”
He took her by the hand and they went out on the balcony and sat facing each other, his hands still wrapped around hers.
“I just couldn’t stand not being near you.  I couldn’t stand looking through the mirror at your image while you looked at mine.  I could only hold you and touch you in our dreams and that just wasn’t good enough for me.  When a man becomes desperate he finds information he needs by whatever means possible, so that’s what I did.  I found out that besides projecting a voice and image in the mirror, the way I was or the way I was going to let you talk with your father, was just the tip of the possibilities.  So, I found out that if there were other spirits close by, I could project my body into theirs and inhabit them giving me a full-body life experience…and here I am with my lovely Kaylee in person.”
“I don’t fully understand all of that but I guess my question is can you stay?  I mean are you here for good?”
“No unfortunately that is not a possibility at all, there are limitations to everything in my world, but I will say that I do have hours instead of minutes.”
“Can you only come to be with me once or can you do it every day?”
“I’m not sure of that my love, but I do know that I do not want to waste a single moment of this precious time just talking about me.  I want to hold you again as I have dreamed of doing for so long.”
He pulled her up out of her chair and sat her into his lap where they could be face to face.
Her lips immediately went right to his without hesitation.  It was so nice to hold this man and be held tight by him instead of living their emotions through a dream sequence.  It was so nice to have him there with her instead of talking to an image in the mirror that solidified the fact that he wasn’t real.  Her mind was racing as she enjoyed the sweetness of his kiss and the gentleness of his hands.  His moist lips moved to her cheeks, her neck, and back gently against her lips.
“This is so nice,” he whispered.
“It sure is a lot more real and meaningful than seeing you in a mirror.”
“Yes it is and I’m so elated to have this opportunity to actually show you how much you mean to me and how I feel about you.  Just writing or speaking to you is not the way to show true emotions and feelings to someone you dearly love.  I’m not sure at this point how much time I have or if I may be allowed to return again but I do know that I had to take this rare opportunity to convince you that I am real and you are the love of my life.”
“But Austin, you have to realize that we are in two different worlds now and on top of that I am not the love of your life, Kate is.”
“Kate was, but now you are my sweet Kaylee,” he answered as he raised her off his lap and stood up beside her.  “You are vibrant and beautiful and full of life and Kate is someone I’ve lost forever.  You are her reincarnation for me and I love you now as I did her then.  Please realize that and tell me that you’ll be with me forever.”
Kaylee looked intently into his eyes as he spoke those words to her.  She was mesmerized by the striking color of his blue eyes and how she seemed to drift off in a trance every time he spoke to her.  She knew the truth and she knew what she must do to lead him in the right direction, the direction back to his world and his Kate; but her emotions again got in the way as her lips closed in on his lips as he finished speaking.  She knew deep in her heart how she felt about this man and how long she had waited to finally pour her true emotions out to a man.
She was lost in the sensuality of his kiss as she tried desperately to enjoy all the emotion and joy of the moment she had, but she knew it was wrong and knew she had to put her feelings aside and be honest with him.  She pulled away and again looked deeply into his eyes as her hands rested on the sides of his face.
“Austin, my dear, listen to me and listen closely to what I am saying…please just listen to these words.  Your true love Kate is waiting for you and wants to be with you forever, you just have to go to her.  By going back to her and leaving this world that you do not belong in, you will once again be able to cradle and embrace the woman that you have always loved.  The woman you have waited for all these years and the woman that yearns for you to return to her so the two of you can rekindle your love and be together forever.  You must do this!”
“I do not understand why you are saying these things as we sit here together in each other’s arms.  Do you not love me?” 
“Austin I love you deeply, believe me, but our love is not a love that was ever meant to be.  Our love is the shadow of the love that you and Kate once shared and you have waited all these years to be with Kate once more.  Why would you turn down the chance to be with the woman you truly love, the woman that is yearning to be with you forever.”
She continued as he sat with sad eyes listening to her.
“This is not meant to be.  I am someone who looks like Kate that entered your room by chance.  You yourself thought I was Kate and I had returned to you, so it is she that you really wanted to be with, not me.  I’m a look-a-like Kate, the real Kate is waiting for you.  All you have to do is get out of this world and let yourself pass on to the world beyond; the world where she is waiting and longing to be by your side, the two of you as one, forever.”
He let out a deep breath as the words finally hit home with him.  He finally listened to the words instead of his heart and finally realized what she was saying.




Chapter 44 – The Promise


She too breathed a sigh of relief as she realized he finally heard the words for the first time.  
“Is it really true,” he questioned as he leaned back in the chair opposite her.  “Can you be sure that she is truly waiting for me?”
“Austin when you died in that room Kate’s heart was broken forever.  She spent countless years just thinking about you and the life the two of could have had together.  My grandmother told me that when Kate passed away she died with a smile on her face because she knew she was going to be reunited with the man she loved, the man she had lost to a tragic accident.  I promise you that Kate is waiting for you and when the time comes that you are both reunited, you will look back on this moment and thank me for guiding you back to her.  Go to her.  Your love is with her, not with me.”
He was silent as he looked straight into her eyes not knowing exactly what to say.  A tear formed at the corner of his eye and ran down the side of his cheek.
“Go to her Austin, she’s waiting for you.”
“I will go to her and I will think of you when that glorious moment comes that I rush into her arms forever.  I will thank you for sending me back to her after all these years of waiting and I will tell her all about you.  But before I go I have a promise that I want to keep to you.  I promised you that I would reconnect with your father and let you speak with him again and I will first keep my promise.  Tomorrow evening at this same time, I will have your father appear in your mirror and you will have that chance that you’ve always wanted to speak with him and say the things you were never able to say.”
Now it was her time to cry.  Tears ran down her cheeks as she thought of speaking with her dad after all this time.  She reached over and pulled him in close to her for the last time as she kissed his cheek and thanked him for the opportunity of being with her dad again, but her voice quivered as she asked for more.
“Austin can I ask one last favor of you before you go?”
He nodded yes as he curiously looked into her tear-soaked eyes.  “What is it Kaylee?”
“As much as I want to talk with my dad and tell him the many things that I never got a chance to say, there is something just as important to me right now that I must ask of you.  The man that I have been seeing, Dan, well as you probably know by now, I am in love with him.  My life has always been a struggle as I waited to meet a man that truly loved me and would treat me with respect and love.  As quirky as life is, after all these years of waiting I’ve suddenly met two men that I love, both you and him.  But he is here in my world and the love of your life waits for you in your world, so each of our destinies are planned out for us.  Dan means the world to me and I want so very much for our life together to work out.  The problem right now is that his little girl Katie lost her mom and is having a really hard time moving on in her life without her.  She has accepted the fact that her mom has gone to visit with the angels and will not be coming back, but she never really got to say goodbye to her and she blames herself for that.  If I could I would like to give up my time with my dad and let Katie speak with her mom if that is possible.  I know it’s asking for a lot but hopefully you understand how much that also means to me.”
Austin took her hands in his as he again teared up listening to her words.
“I can’t believe you Kaylee Johanssen.  Given the chance of a lifetime to fulfill a dream of your own and instead you choose to give that up to fulfill someone else’s dream.  You are quite a remarkable woman.”
They joined together in a hug as tears continued down both of their faces.
“I would be happy to fulfill your new wish.  Have her here in your room tomorrow at this same time and she can speak with her mother.”
They held their embrace for the longest time as they both knew it was their last.  They kissed goodbye forever.



Chapter 45 – The Explanation


Kaylee’s biggest challenge was explaining to Dan what was going to take place the following day and hope that he was agreeable with the circumstances.  It had taken him so long to explain to Katie what had happened to her mom and that she would never see her again because she was with the angels.  On top of that she had to first explain to him what had transpired with Austin and how this was a once in a lifetime chance.
She called Dan and he agreed to pick up a bottle of wine at the bar and she would stop by in the late evening once Katie was asleep.  
She arrived at his room at about ten o’clock that evening and they settled out on the balcony overlooking the forest below.  The view from his room was just as spectacular as hers with panoramic scenes of the landscape below.
“This is so perfect,” she said as she settled in with her glass of white zinfandel wine.  “It’s so peaceful and quiet and a perfect night to be outside.”
“Especially with a beautiful woman by your side,” he answered with a smile as he held his glass up for a toast.
She smiled with approval as she tapped her glass against his.
“Dan I have something I want to talk with you about,” she said with a twisted smile on her face.
“This sounds serious,” he asked worriedly.
“No it’s not serious but it is something that will take a lot of thought on your part so just listen to what I have to say before you comment, okay?”
He nodded in approval and settled back in his chair to listen.
“I’ve told you all about Austin with his notes to me and his images in the mirror but today I had a new encounter with him in my room.  This time he was actually there with me.”
“He was beside you in the room in person?”
“Yes.”
“Not a spirit that you could see through or wave your arm through but a real solid person that you could touch?”
“Yes, a live person that I could touch and hold and even kiss.”
“The two of you kissed?”
“Yes we did and let me explain.  I’ve told you all about this man and the history he has with my family and how he thinks I’m the twin or reincarnation of his fiancée Kate.  And I have told you that I have feelings for this man and that’s because I was swept up in the story and my heart was mesmerized by his voice and his words.  I’ll be honest with you, this is a man that I could spend the rest of my life with but the reality of it is that he is not real.  We are in two different worlds and I do not choose to join his world and give up mine.  He swept me off my feet when I came up here to the lodge because I yearned to have a real relationship with a man who loved me for all the right reasons; not a relationship wrapped around false claims and hot nights.  It had seemed that every boy and man that I had been with through my teen and college years was after one thing and that was to get to bed.  That’s why I constructed this self-preserving wall around me and refused to let anyone into it until I was really sure of their intentions.  When Austin came along he was everything I had been dreaming about and regardless of the fact that he was a spirit and not real, he knew what to say and how to say it and I knew he was for real because he couldn’t go to bed with me, he was a ghost.”
“So why...,” Dan said but I interrupted him.
“Let me finish.  Then, after a few visits with him up here at the lodge, you walked into my life; man with a gorgeous smile and a way with words that swept me off my feet.  I loved you from the instant I saw you walking down the path towards me.  As soon as you opened your mouth and introduced yourself to me I knew we would somehow be together either in friendship or more; I just knew it, my heart knew it.  So now I was faced with a dilemma, two men in my life, one a spirit and one for real.  The logical answer was simple, right, one is real and one is a fake, so what’s the decision?  It was a decision I thought I could easily make too because as our relationship progressed, more and more of my heart went to you and I told Austin that I wasn’t going with him to his world, I was staying here.  Then, this morning, he greets me in person.”
Dan sat motionless as he listened intently to her story, not daring to interrupt again.
“One thing I did fail to tell you was that along the way in our time together, Austin promised me that he would grant me one wish and that wish was to allow me to speak with my father again.  He knew that my father had died suddenly and that I had always felt that there were many things I wanted to say to him but never got the chance, his death was too quickly upon us and then he was gone.  So I didn’t want to do anything to hurt Austin because I wanted so desperately to visit with my dad.  Now don’t get me wrong, I didn’t lead Austin on just so I could fulfill that wish, my heart told me otherwise, I knew he was a man I enjoyed being with so I just let our relationship continue.”
She stopped and took a drink of wine to moisten her dry mouth.
“This morning as we were holding each other and kissing, I told him to go to Kate, the real Kate, that she was waiting for him and he could be with his true love forever; that I was staying here in my world, a place that he didn’t belong.  He finally accepted that fact and was elated to think of joining his true love for eternity.  But before going he would grant me my wish, tomorrow, and let me talk with my dad.”
“In person, just as Austin was?” asked Dan.
“No, just as an image in the mirror.”
“That’s wonderful Kaylee; you must be thrilled to know that you have this time with your father again?”
“Well,” she stuttered as she took another drink of wine, “that’s what I need to talk with you about.”
“I don’t understand,” he questioned.
“This morning I asked Austin if he would arrange something else for me instead of seeing my dad.  I asked him if he would let Katie speak with her mom.”
Dan was silent.  The expression on his white blood-drained face had him looking like a ghost.
“Kaylee, what are you doing?  This is a once in a lifetime chance to speak to your dad, how can you possibly even think about giving up that opportunity?”
She settled back in her chair, set the glass of wine on a nearby wicker table and reaching for a napkin wiped the tears from the corner of her eyes.
“I can do that Dan because I love you; because I love you and everything in your life, including your little girl.  When we were out on that boat together yesterday, lying on those pillows looking up at the sky just saying what was on our mind, she opened up as if I wasn’t there, as if she were speaking straight up to the clouds to her mom.  She asked her mom why the angels were more important than she was; why she had to leave so quickly without saying a word.  She told those clouds that she couldn’t understand why the angels meant so much more to her mom than to her and her dad.  She cried asking why.”
She again wiped tears from her face.
“I love you and I love Katie.  I want to give her this chance to see her mommy and ask her those questions so that her mom can answer them.  If she never gets that chance, she’ll be like me and go through life with those lingering questions always inside her heart, why did they leave without saying goodbye.  So that’s why I can so easily give up this opportunity for myself, so I can give Katie the chance of a lifetime.  My question to you is, will you let me do that?  Do you believe that Katie can understand what is happening and accept the fact that her mom is talking to her but she’s not real and she’s not going to come back?  Can she handle that, or would you rather not put her through that experience?”
Dan reached across for the napkin to wipe his face and sat back in the chair in silence.




Chapter 46 – The Wish


Dan didn’t know what to say in response to Kaylee’s gesture.  He knew deep within his heart that her love for him and his daughter was pure and true, knowing that she would give up this memorable opportunity of speaking with her dad for Katie’s sake.
“Kaylee I just don’t know what to say.  I want to say no because I want you to use this once in a lifetime opportunity for yourself, but knowing you and the person that you are, I can understand what you’re doing.  You’re giving up your own opportunity to give my daughter a gift that she will remember for the rest of her life.  You don’t want her to go through what you have all these years and I want to thank you for that.”
“Thank you for understanding Dan.  I want Katie to heal from the tragedy in her young life and know that her mom didn’t forget her; that her mom loves her and will always be in her heart.”
“I will sleep on this tonight and talk with Katie in the morning after breakfast.  If you don’t mind we’ll have breakfast alone and that will give me an undistracted chance to talk to her and see how she feels about the whole thing.  I don’t want to do it if I get any sense that she is frightened or confused by the whole situation.  Do you understand?”
Kaylee agreed that was the best way to handle it and they agreed to talk again after breakfast in the morning.

It was close to nine in the morning when Kaylee was awakened by the ringing telephone.
“Hello,” she said trying not to sound asleep or groggy.
“Did I wake you,” Dan asked.
“Well I must admit I was sleeping in a bit.  I came back from your room last night and went back out to my balcony for hours just thinking of the whole situation and hoping that the two of you would make the right and best decision.  I just couldn’t get to sleep until early this morning.”
“Well I’ve talked to Katie and explained the a situation in the simplest and most detailed way I know how; explaining a ghost is no easy task you know?”
“Oh I know that.  I’m an adult and it took me weeks before I could grasp the idea of seeing or talking with a human spirit, I can only imagine how difficult it is for a little girl.”
“It took me a long time to explain things to her in a way that she would understand.  I didn’t want her to think that her mommy was still alive somewhere and came back just to say these things; I wanted her to understand the concept of a spirit and why they are here and can talk to us.  It wasn’t easy, believe me.”
“I can only imagine how difficult that was but I’m happy to hear that she’s agreed to the meeting.”
“Me too, and I wanted her to also understand what you were doing in giving her this opportunity, so she knows what you had to give up allowing her to visit with her mom again and she wants to talk with you about that.  Now, my next question is how do we do this?  Will I be allowed in the room too?”
“No I’m afraid not.  I’ll be there with Katie so she isn’t in the room alone, but I’m afraid you can’t be there.  It would probably be a distraction for her anyway, and I want this to be just about Katie and her mom.”
“That’s fine with me, I thoroughly understand.  What time should we be there?”
“How about we meet at the restaurant for lunch at one o’clock and then Katie and I will go back up to my room at two-thirty.  It’s supposed to happen at three.”
Dan agreed and I rolled back over in bed just thinking of the day ahead.  For so many nights I laid in bed just thinking and thinking of what I would say to my dad in the short time we would have together.  I just really wanted to tell him how much I loved him and how he had made my first fourteen years the best of my life.  It was my chance to tell my dad what a perfect dad I thought he was.  It brought a tear to my eye to think of the opportunity I had sacrificed but in my heart I knew it was the right thing to do.  It was a chance to change a little girl’s life forever.
I spent an extra amount of time getting ready, so much so that I was ten minutes late meeting them in the lobby.  Katie was dressed in the prettiest little pink and white dress that I’ve ever seen but I knew from our talks that pink was her mommy’s favorite color on her.  We sat at our favorite table and again ordered our favorite foods.  Katie held my hand for almost the entire meal as she thanked me time and time again for what I was doing.  It was so wonderful seeing the smile on this little girl’s face, a smile that I hadn’t seen much of in the short time we’ve been together.
Dan and I had such a good time going over with her the things she should say to her mom and reassuring her that this would be the last chance she had to visit with her mom, so she needed to say all the things she wanted to.
Finally the time arrived and Katie and I left hand-in-hand after a kiss for both of us from Dan.
We arrived at the room and I must admit that I seemed much more nervous than she was.  Katie was relaxed in her chair on the balcony just singing a little tune as she looked out over the treetops of the forest below.
I sat with her as we looked down into the trees spotting a group of deer grazing in the field.  They were so small and innocent as I looked at Katie and thought the same thing.  This young child is on the verge of experiencing something that most adults would give an arm and a leg to experience, yet she was going about the day as if it was just another normal one.
As I pointed again at the baby deer following her mommy, I heard a voice come from the room inside.  I knew it was time and grabbed Katie by the hand as we nervously entered the bedroom with our eyes focusing on the mirror on the wall.  To my surprise it was the image of Austin.
“Hello Kaylee, and this must be Katie.  Hello Katie, my name is Mr. Austin.”
I could see she was nervous as she moved closer to me but pushed her fears aside to say hello.  I could sense that her father’s talk with her about what was to happen and not to be nervous was setting in.
“Yes sir, hello Mr. Austin and thank you for letting me speak with my mommy today.  I really love you for that.  If I could give you a big hug I would.”
“Well I wish that I were there with you so that I too could hug you, and you are very welcome my dear.  Stay there one second and you’re mommy will be right here to visit with you.”
Katie looked up at me and smiled the biggest smile I have seen on her face in the short time I have known her.  I could even spot a small tear already forming in the corner of her eye as she turned and again focused on the mirror.
As we sat waiting for what seemed like an eternity I began to fear that this miracle wouldn’t happen and I began to think out my response to Katie as to why her dream visit wouldn’t be coming true.  At that moment a blurred image began to form in the mirror.  We both stared intently at the image as it began to focus and I could feel Katie’s hold on my leg become stronger.  She nervously glanced up at me again and then immediately back at the mirror.
The image was complete.  She was a beautiful young-looking woman who I immediately knew was Kristen by the undeniable resemblance to Katie. 
“Katie my love, I can’t believe I’m here able to talk with you again,” said Kristen as a tear ran down the side of her cheek and her hands covered her mouth.  “It’s mommy sweetie.”
The tight grip on my leg was suddenly released as Katie ran over to the edge of the table and looked up in the mirror sobbing.  “Mommy it’s really you,” she said as she held tightly onto the table, never letting her eyes leave the image in the mirror.
“Yes it’s me my sweet love.  I’m really here talking to you and our dream for this moment has finally come true.”
“You’ve hoped for this moment too,” Katie asked.
“I’ve prayed every day Katie that I could just have one single moment with you again to speak with you and unbelievably here we are face to face talking.  My prayers have been answered.”




Chapter 47 – The Visit


Kaylee sat down gently in the chair against the wall as she too covered her mouth to keep from sobbing out loud.  Watching the two of them staring intently into each other’s eyes, never losing sight of each other for a single moment, made her smile, yet cry with joy.
“Katie, I know we only have a few minutes together so I want to say a few things to you that I have longed to say since I left,” Kristen said as she wiped a tear from her cheek and composed herself.
“Okay mommy,” said Katie as she too wiped the tears from her cheek.  “I’ve wanted to talk to you too and ask you why you left me and daddy without saying goodbye.  I’ve been so sad since you left and so has daddy.  Miss Kaylee told me that since you are such a very special person the angels came down and took you away real quick and you didn’t really have a chance to say goodbye to us.  Is that true?”
“Yes that’s so true sweetie.  Mommy left so suddenly because the angels just took me away to go to heaven and be with God.  They had a very special place for me in heaven and wanted to get me there right away so that I didn’t disappoint God and the plans He had for me.  Even though I was with Him and loved the chance to be by His side, I was sad because I know that you and daddy were so devastated that I left so suddenly.  So every day I prayed that I could have the chance to be with you and tell you that.  I’m just so grateful to Miss Kaylee and Mister Austin for giving you and I this unbelievable opportunity.”
Kristen’s eyes looked away from Katie for the first time as she glanced across the room towards Kaylee with a grateful smile.
“I was afraid you left us because you didn’t love us anymore and was happier in heaven with the angels,” said Katie with a sad look on her face.
“Oh Katie, I love you and daddy very, very much and would never have left without saying goodbye if I didn’t have to.  In fact I would never have left you both if this special request from the angels hadn’t happened.  You two mean the world to me and always will.  I want you to know Katie that even though I am in heaven with God I am looking down on you every single day and watch over everything that you do.  I won’t be able to be there beside you like I want to, but I’ll be with you in heart and I want you to always remember that.  No matter where you are or what you do in your life, mommy will be there for you to talk to.  When you are in your room and want to talk to me just start talking and I’ll listen to everything you have to say.  My answer will be in your heart, I promise.”
“I just wish you could be here with me always mommy,” said Katie as she began to cry.
Kaylee walked over behind her and rubbed her back and wiped away the flowing tears.
“Oh Katie I wish I could be there too but I have a lot to do up here with the angels so they’ve taken me away from you and asked Miss Kaylee to be there for you whenever you need to talk to someone, whenever you need to hug and hold someone, and whenever you need help with anything.  Miss Kaylee is God’s answer to me not being there with you, so just trust her and confide in here just as you would with me, okay sweetie?”
“I will mommy, I promise.”
Kaylee could see a cloudiness to Kristen’s image in the mirror so she held Katie tight and told her to say goodbye.
“Mommy I love you so very much and I promise I’ll be a good girl for you and make you proud of me.  I’ll never forget you mommy.”
“I love you too Katie and I know you’ll make me proud, just don’t forget me and don’t forget my love is always in your heart.”
The image on the mirror blurred and began fading away quickly as they both stared intently in the last few seconds.
Katie turned towards Kaylee and wrapped her arms tightly around her neck as she sobbed uncontrollably.  Her grip conveyed to Kaylee the importance of what had just happened and the awareness that Katie now looked at her as the person her mom wanted her to be with.  She hugged her back and as they pulled away they both had huge smiles on their faces and a new closeness that would keep them inseparable in the future.
As they began to turn away Kaylee glanced up at the mirror one last time and saw another image forming.  She guessed it was Austin appearing to say his goodbye to her so she stopped and focused on the mirror.
The image quickly became clear and it was her dad.
Her hands went up to her mouth as she whispered to the mirror, “Dad!”
“My lovely Kaylee,” her dad responded.  “Austin has given me just a minute with you to tell you how very much I miss you and how very much my love for you has never left your heart.  Kaylee you are a wonderful young woman and I am so very proud of who you are and what you have done with your life.”
“Oh Dad I miss you so very much and never stop thinking about you.”
“And I am with you always, never forget that my love.  I was taken back by this gesture of unselfish kindness that you showed this little girl.  Only you could pass up a once in a lifetime chance just to better someone else’s life.  You truly make me very proud of you.”
The image began to fade away slowly.
“Kaylee my time is up dear, but tell your mom I miss her and both of you remember me as we were in your younger days, happy and full of love and life.  I’m always with you both and always will be.”
“We love you too dad,” Kaylee said as she reached her hand out towards the mirror hoping to touch him.  “Promise you’ll walk me down the aisle dad?”
The image was gone.
Kaylee and Katie again embraced knowing both of their dreams came true and knowing that this moment in time would be in their hearts forever.

####



Discover other titles by Gary Lusby at Smashwords.com:

Thanks for Caring
Ryan and the Cave of Secret Passages
The Girl Across the Street
Ryan and the Wizard of Rocks
A Messenger from Heaven
Family Secrets
Serial


