Word of Pia
By Elizabeth Brown
Copyright 2013 Elizabeth Brown
Smashwords Edition


 
PART I
 
25 Cool Spring Drive
The dreams return.
Nettling whispers, lyrics, images she can’t decipher, fading in and out, spilling over into her conscious state.
She drives back to the Zimmermann property, back to the place she escaped from three years ago.
She hears it. 
A melodic drone in her head.
Piping down the valleys wild…Piping songs of peasant glee…On a cloud I saw a child…And he laughing said to me…”
“Jesus this driveway is endless,” Maggie mutters to herself, attempting to control her thoughts. No time for distractions. She fears she is losing her mind.
What does it mean? 
The lyrics haunt her day and night.
The four mile long dirt road drags. 
Maggie’s mind drifts to nothing.
The ride evokes blankness, a numb calmness envelops her.
But then she turns her car onto Cool Spring Drive, and she remembers.
Margaret Lawrence becomes unhinged.
Keep going. Keep going, she tells herself.
She drives past corn husks, abandoned barns, shanty houses and sheds spotting the landscape; brown fields, a small girl and boy, barefoot, clad in bathing suits, standing idly on the side of the road, holding sticks, muddied knees and feet…Pipe a song about a lamb… So I piped with merry cheer…Piper, pipe that song again…So I piped: he wept to hear. 
She considers slowing down, but the odd girl looks up and her eyes are sharp and knowing. 
Did I see them?
Shortly after, to her left, she hears the rush of water, recalls the sign for Caney Fork River a few miles back.
Yes, it’s here. Caney Fork River is still here.
The smell of mud and mire makes it real.
She slows.
She notes a yellow glow of water from a small swimming hole where the river snakes along, mindless, seeming to have lost its way, diminishing in grandness, futile and wasted, to finally pool in obscurity--rarely viewed—visible beyond the patch of sugar maples and pines.
And here Maggie espies a thick knotted rope.
A long boy attached— nude, pale white flesh beaming against the bark of trees, swinging out, drops into the brackish water below. 
She stops the car.
She hears the splash, the high pitched scream of boys and cracking voices.
She is witness to it as if it was portended and all prior happenings were merely a precursor to this one scene. 
Mommy said we could go swimming. 
A memory resurfaces like the white flesh of the long boned boy, gleaming, fresh, skimming the murky waters of Caney Fork River. 
A purple bottle filled with water and colored stones on the bottom, a Cheshire cat, aquamarine, menacingly perched on the mantle, Mommy’s hands on the piano, back and forth, creeping across pearl white keys like the crabs across the sand, smells of black-eyed bean soup—simmering, Mommy laughing, nice Mommy, throwing her head back, her hair cascading like a fountain over dark stones, down her back. Stop Maggie…get back on track…focus, Damn it. Focus! 
She panics, accelerates past sounds of the river and a weeping willow arching, rustling, past a red Chevy truck with a mottled dog barking in the bed of it, past a rotting tree with severed limbs, and one surprisingly intact where a swollen black crow perches. 
The Zimmermann house looms ahead.
The air stills like a malevolent sign. 
She had little time to preview the entire case, but she had enough—Pia Zimmermann—mute ten-year old girl, and her brother, Markel, fifteen-years old; he made the phone call. Markel was neutral, unaffected when he spoke. Granddaddy and Hazel never came home. Strange thing about squirrels, rabid squirrels attacking. No records of school for Pia. But her brother was enrolled in the Cedar Hill Public Schools. 
The car thumps along the drive leading to the Zimmermann home.
The dilapidated farm house encroaches.
A raw foreboding materializes.
She parks about twenty feet from the front porch; pauses, sees it—the debris—wrappers and plastic containers littering the yard, black garbage bags in a heap, old tires, discarded tools and machinery, two rusted trucks stripped, propped up against a decaying barn with the sides heaving from the rot. 
Maggie turns the car off, takes a deep breath, opens the car door and steps out. 
She breathes it in—the old dusty earth, decay, the rotting boards in the distance.
A mangy cat, rawboned, struts in front of her meowing hoarsely, abrasively. 
The cat pauses and then darts away, escaping a pack of squirrels. 
Maggie looks on, perplexed, as the squirrels (at least five or six) chase the cat. Charlie comes to mind, her old tired tabby, the way he hunts squirrels. 
The cat disappears in an opening in the barn. The squirrels don’t enter. They stop there. Maggie looks away, to the house. When she looks back, they're gone. 
Maggie’s mouth droops, eyes pop in anxiety as if she is being assaulted by a recollection.
Mommy, can Kitty come to the beach? No Darling. Cats loathe water. Mommy what does loathe mean? Stop…Lord, please stop. 
As she approaches the door, she is met by a tall bald man with long hands and gangly stature. He is hunched somewhat so as to appear interested or eager for her.
"You the social worker assigned?" 
His eyes are deep pools, familiar, dark orbs of intensity; his voice is abrupt, jarring. 
“I’m Detective Maurice Barnard.” 
"Yes, I’m Margaret Lawrence. Call me Maggie. Sorry I'm late. It took me awhile to get down this road—mostly impassable if you didn’t notice.”
 "I’m sure you glanced at the report. But just to review, we got a young fellow in there by the name of Markel and his sister, Pia. Apparently, she’s locked herself in the closet so I've yet to see her. Pia is mute. Our guy, Markel, too, isn't the brightest tool in the shed. Follow me.” He gestures with a wave of the hand. “Let me warn you, it's pretty bad. Housekeeping obviously wasn't a priority for Hazel or Granddaddy." 
"Believe me. I've seen everything," Maggie insists. 
Yet, nothing prepares her for the assaultive stench—a mixture of raw sewage and dead carcasses. The smell is pungent. Maggie gags. 
"This young man here is Markel.”
The fair boy is silent, stoic. His blue eyes dart back and forth warily, blonde hair hangs down around his eyes and ears. He dons a red t-shirt and his hands are shoved into the pockets of a pair of stained jeans frayed at the hems, which hang on his body as if they are two sizes too big.
“Markel, your sister, Pia, is pretty darn scared right now, and is hiding in the closet down the hall. You know that, right son? We need your help.”
Maggie turns to the boy, assesses him, concludes that he is, most likely, abused mentally and possibly physically, and although he is fifteen-years old, he has a below average IQ due more to a bad upbringing than a genetic factor. 
“Markel, what do you think? Could you help us get your sister out of the closet?"
"No, I kept at her all morning, but she’s tenacious; she ain’t budging."
Maggie surprised by the boy’s vocabulary, decides all is not what it seems; 
“Markel, can you tell us why she might not want to come out of the closet?"
"She is petrified. Those weird squirrels attacked Hazel and Granddaddy. You see them things? Those squirrels were rabid—must have been. What else? They ripped up Hazel and Granddaddy in the woods. Pia knows. She saw it happen. She said the squirrels got fat man Beers too. She said the squirrels helped her. I don’t know why she said that.”
Detective Maurice turns to Maggie, unflinchingly.
“We got a backup team should be arriving any time now.” His voice is hushed, urgent. Then he returns to Markel: "Squirrels, eh?" He gives Maggie a look and she nods in agreement, takes his cue. 
"Well, Markel. How about I try to talk to Pia?” 
Markel glances at her. He is bewildered. "She is not going to talk to you. Pia is stubborn. She never wastes her words. She never talks to anyone but me."
"Okay, well then how about you help me and we can both try together to get your sister out of the closet?"
The serious boy nods his head and his unkempt hair flops.
 "Come this way,” he says.
 Maggie notes that the boy’s eyes are severe and he possesses a mysterious intellect not so easily discerned.
Drop thy pipe… Thy happy pipe…Sing thy songs of happy cheer…So I sang the same again…While he wept with joy to hear. 
Maggie follows the boy past grimy walls with holes and peeling wall paper, past a sitting room with an analog television and neglected spider and ivy plants hanging from macramé rope above a mottled couch with a faded lime green floral pattern, a knitted afghan, purple, red, and blue, is flung over it and propped in the corner are two soiled bed pillows; adjacent to the couch is a worn brown recliner with batting bursting out of the arms, a half-emptied bottle of Jack Daniel’s on the coffee table and magazines donning nude women. 
Mommy said we could go for a midnight swim, Daddy. Playboy on the coffee table, Daddy’s glass tinkling, perfect clear cubes inside. Come here darling. I want to show you something. 
Maurice puts a warm hand on her shoulder. Strange heat, Maggie thinks. 
"You okay? You look pale. I can take care of this if you need some air.”
“No, I’m fine. Really, I’m fine.” Pull it together. He can tell. Pull it together. No one cares that Mommy drowned. No one cares. It is the past. The past doesn’t matter.
Markel stops midway down the hallway and points to a wooden door with an antique crystal knob and a crack down the middle.
Someone wanted to get in, Maggie decides, someone violent. 
Maggie knocks. No response. She knocks again and calls out Pia’s name but still no response. 
Dead silence.
Then, she hears it--a whimpering like a small kitten. 
“Does she have any animals?” 
“I bet she has her squirrel,” Markel says. “She came home with it. I thought it was dead. I bet that’s it.”
“Pia, honey, my name is Maggie and I’m here with my friend, Maurice. We want to help you. I know you must be really scared. But we can’t help you if you don’t open the door.” 
A quiet ensues—the kind that harbors wanton entities.  
“I know what to do.” Markel dashes out of the room, manic. A few minutes later, he returns with a metal bat stained with blood. Before anyone can stop him, he swings it at the door.
“You get your ass out of there, Pia!” 
Maurice grabs it away before Markel has a second chance. 
“Hold it there boy! That’s not the way to do it!” 
“She’s not coming out. She’s not. She already told me. She is incorrigible. She never listens to anyone but me.”
“Markel, how’d this blood get on here?” Maurice is studying the top of the bat.
“That’s squirrel blood. Hazel uses it to kill squirrels for stew.” 
“Okay, well, we don’t want to use this okay? Your sister is already scared enough as it is. There must be another way.”
“What other way? Pia got a mind of her own; she never gets scared. She tells me they’re all dead and she doesn’t care. But she doesn’t know a thing. She’s dumb like Hazel and Granddaddy say. That’s why she can’t go to school because she is so simple-minded. And maybe that’s why she got hit so much by Granddaddy and Hazel because she never listens! Not even to me! Tell them Pia! Why don’t you come out and tell them the truth! And then that fat slob Beers. She let him have his way with her. Do you know she didn’t even scream? He got her in that barn. She could have got away. Maybe she liked it! He got her because maybe she’s too dumb to say no! Right, Pia? Isn’t that right?”
“It’s okay, Markel.” Maggie senses the escalating agitation, attempts to diffuse it. But then she realizes Markel’s plan. 
Pia emerges.
You dumb boy. I’m not simple. You’re the one that’s dumb. I had to teach you everything! 
Pia.
She is stunning--her face is beautiful and ferocious, smeared with mud and grime. Slung under her arm is a squirrel; its fur is matted with blood. She stares at her brother but never opens her mouth.
“At least I got you out.”
I don’t care. Get these people away. I don’t want them here. They’ll die. I know it. 
“No, Pia. They’re here to help you. We need help. Granddaddy and Hazel—they’re dead now. Remember? We need help, Pia. Let’s let them…”
 NO! I didn’t do it. They’ll think it was me. I didn’t do it, brother.
“Pia is mad. She’s extremely mad. I think you both should leave now.”
“How do you know? What is she saying Markel?” Maurice asks. His voice shakes.
Maggie is dumbfounded. How could Maurice have not heard Pia? He must have heard her. 
“How about you come and sit down now and we can talk,” Maggie suggests, shaken by the sight of the girl, by the notion that somehow she talks to her without words. 
But more than that—Pia is uniquely beautiful even with dirt and snarled hair; she is dressed in a light blue fairy costume, blood stained, torn wings--a macabre version of a Disney character. She has scratches up and down her arms and legs and her feet are soiled.
But her eyes are something else. 
Pia’s eyes are dark spots that beam.
“Is that squirrel alive?” 
And the squirrel, as if in response, leaps out of the girl’s grasp and lunges at Maggie’s neck. 
“Oh, God!” she screams. “Get it off! Get this damn thing off of me!” 
The squirrel, missing her neck, sinks its teeth into Maggie’s shoulder. She feels her flesh ripping; 
Maurice grabs it by the backside in a manic frenzy and tears it off her and throws it. The squirrel’s body hits the wall with a deadening thump and then falls to the ground, limp, lifeless. 
“Dead, damn thing is dead now,” he says, breathless, quivering. He rushes over to Maggie, ripping his sleeve. “Keep pressure on it.” He places a hand over hers, pulls out his radio with his free hand and calls for medical assistance. 
Meanwhile, Pia kneels next to the squirrel, humming, cradling the grey creature on her lap, brushing its blood crusted fur. 
“She talks to him.” Maurice says.
“What do you mean?” Maurice moves towards Pia, warily. “Let me help you, dear.”
“No! Stay away from her. Stay away!” Markel shields his sister.
 “What is she saying, Markel?”
“She says the squirrels saved her from the evil. It’s Beers. He came out to the woods looking for her. He put a gun to her head, tried to do things to her. Granddaddy aimed. But Beers shot him and then Hazel too—one in the back and the other in the head. Then he turned the gun back to Pia. He was getting ready to shoot her. The squirrels jumped on him. They saved her.
 Maggie’s moans lure him back. But as he walks towards the pale figure, he hears a strange poem in his head. 
Piper, sit thee down and write...In a book, that all may read…So he vanished from my sight…And I plucked a hollow reed.
“Jesus Christ,” he whispers. 
The sun moves behind a rogue cloud. 
Life settles like dust on the husks of corn after a storm.
****
THE WOODS
Officer Braxton and his partner Officer White receive the call around 5: a.m. and are warned about the possibility of rabid squirrels on the Zimmermann property, 25 Cool Spring Drive; they chuckle, imagining a manic squirrel roaming the woods. “I bet it has yellow eyes …I wonder if it talks?”  
They aren’t in any hurry and even stop last minute at Stan’s Diner for some coffee and pancakes; neither one is prepared for the carnage they find an hour later in the woods.
An overweight man is face down, his shirt torn apart and bloodied as if wolves had gotten to him, a 9 millimeter pistol in his hand. Ten feet away, an elderly man and a woman lay side by side. The man’s face is shot off. The woman, too, is so bloody she is indistinguishable. A 22 barrel shot gun lay a foot or so away from the man, empty. 
“He must have tried like hell to get that animal, whatever it was…can’t imagine.”
 Officer Braxton hears a high pitched chattering noise in the trees.
“What the heck is that?”
“I think those are the squirrels… rabid.” White mutters, warily.
“Seem to be quite a few of them. Look up there. Jesus Christ, I’ve never seen that many squirrels together on one branch—birds maybe but not squirrels. Yeah, birds maybe.”
I don’t know maybe they’re hungry?” 
“Squirrels aren’t scavengers, are they?” Braxton asks.
“How do I know? Jesus, this is a horror show. How much longer before the medical team arrives?” 
“They’re taking their God damn time that’s for sure.”
 Chattering grows louder. Branches and debris from the trees rain down on White.
Tony White only recently graduated from the police academy. White had wanted this since he was a boy. His best friend died. He changed. He had needed to feel like a hero, like he could save someone. Finally, the moment arrived. 
But it isn’t right. Not this time. There is something sinister, a feeling he struggles to dismiss along with the whispering, the strange lyrics of a song he can’t decipher; his heart races; a stick cracks; he panics, puts a hand on his gun.
“You ain’t gonna shoot em are you? Jesus, they’re just some damn squirrels,” Braxton chuckles. “You’re a God damn wimp, ‘fraid of some squirrels. You better toughen up.”
“If you haven’t noticed we got some chewed up people here and some animal or animals are responsible. I’m not taking any chances.” 
“You’re a damn coward boy. You better toughen up.”
White loathed his partner, Braxton; the disgust had been building up for some time; now it hit him full force. Maybe it is the carnage, he decides, the dark woods, the inkling that something evil, inhuman, is afoot. Braxton talked too much, admitting to cheating on his wife. He forgave him somewhat for that. But then after a few too many beers after work, he mentioned a relationship with his stepdaughter’s niece: “What the hell she’s not a blood relative. And holy shit, this girl is a sixteen-year old hottie. She was coming onto me for a long time. Let me tell you. Hey, I’m an old man. I get whatever I can,” he had said. 
The gall of him calling me a wimp, White fumes. White’s fear turns to anger, rage. It wells up inside of him; he gets an odd desire, like a tic, to shoot Braxton  
“What the hell you doing, White? You look like you shit your pants, dude.”
White is motionless, pondering the idea of shooting his partner. He is an evil bastard. 
And then the lyrics return: Bring me my bow of burning gold! Bring me my arrows of desire! 
The lyrics continue as a squirrel leaps down onto Braxton’s shoulder. And then another on his back and one more on his head. They chew him and gnaw on him. That’s all that’s left, White considers. He watches his partner writhe and thrash and it is surreal like a dream; and then one gets his partner’s face and the high pitched chattering increases, reverberates off the trees until it is an echo in his head. 
White is paralyzed. 
The squirrels chatter.
Braxton screams.
The song in his head intensifies.
Bring me my bow of burning gold! Bring me my arrows of desire! Bring me my spear! O clouds, unfold! Bring me my chariot of fire! 
“Shoot em! God damn it, White, shoot em!” Braxton yells, repeatedly, until he has no more mouth and no more voice. 
The shouting dims and fades, muffled by a poem he recognizes from some distant past. 
White is ready to die, waits for the squirrels to eat him.
He thinks of her: Tiny Minnie’s big eyes, wide, accepting, the way she grips the bottle with chubby fingers, the sounds of sucking, the way the nipple squeaks when she bites down with new teeth, her mouth forming into a slow smile, eyes piercing, knowing.
He waits. 
The air becomes thin, barely breathable. 
A small girl appears.
She drops from the sky.
White sees her. 
The girl is wearing a light blue dress, stained in the front, dark stains like old blood. She holds a squirrel in her arms. 
He watches her bend down, easing it gently to the ground. 
He watches it scurry, climb the tree. 
“Look,” White utters, gesturing to the still bodies.
They did it for me. 
“Did what?”  
Destroyed the evil.
 
***
He was pedaling home, pedaling fast into a storm, away from White’s house.
And the Mercedes hit him hard.
His small ten-year old prepubescent body flew twenty feet. 
He never had a chance.
His bike was mangled. That’s what they said “mangled.”
So White forgot all about the Holy Spirit.
God abandoned him. 
When the metal hit Bernie's bones there was nothing but darkness.
And God looked on.
Now, in the woods, White decides he’d rather die.
He’d rather die by his own hand than be shot by a little girl or eaten by squirrels.
It is a moral decision.
So while Maura White checks the meat loaf in the oven and tiny Minnie watches unicorns flying across the screen, Anthony Patrick White puts the gun to his head and pulls the trigger. 
If anyone were there to look at Anthony White, someone who knew him well enough to know his eye color, they’d notice his hazel eyes turn a light green, the color of Minnie’s, just before he closed them for the last time. 
Pia is there, sees him, his eyes, kneels over him and weeps, bows her head in absolution for this sad man who lost his faith. 
That’s all she knows.
The man who lost his faith had free will
That’s all that matters.
***
25 Cool Spring Drive Three Years Later 
“I have a recorder that will pick up your voice.
“Okay, then, that’s fine.”
“I’ll be typing into my laptop too. Is that okay with you, Markel?”
“Sure, I don’t care how you do it.”
“My first question is how did Pia communicate with you?” 
Maggie Lawrence sits across from Markel Zimmermann on the porch of his home in Cedar Hill, Tennessee. 
It is three years later.
Markel is taller, hunched over; he stares back furtively, as if on the defense. In three years, Markel has lost his naiveté and looks pained like a war vet, not an eighteen-year old. Granted, he had been through a lot, Maggie decides.
Maggie knows too well. 
The last time she was standing on this same porch, three years ago, she was being wheeled out on a gurney, a deep gash in her right shoulder. She still had trouble moving her arm. The cut was so deep she suffered nerve damage.
She saw the carnage that day.
She witnessed the blank stare of a small girl covered in blood.
It was the day of death and of massacre.
It was the day a Granddaddy and Hazel were shot multiple times.
It was the day two men got torn up by squirrels.
It was the day a young police officer committed suicide. 
She tried hard to forget.
And now on the Zimmermann porch, it returns sharply. 
All the more reason, she decides, to get the truth. End the nightmare, finally.
Pia Zimmermann was a small, troubled girl--nothing more. 
Maggie felt compelled to prove it.
It started last week, the same day she made the decision to file for divorce. Detective Maurice Barnard called: “Just to give you a heads up,” he had said, “They’re placing the girl in a less restrictive facility—an assisted living residence—so she’ll be monitored but able to come and go. I wanted to be the one to tell you.” 
Maggie froze. 
Up until a year ago, Pia Zimmermann had been the bane of her existence. It had taken close to a year before she was able to sleep a full night without waking up trembling, soaked. She couldn’t sleep or eat. She rarely left the house. Ron sought out comfort in a new girlfriend. “I think I love this one,” he sobbed. Maggie was disgusted, then indifferent “Just go,” she had said. So he did.
He left. Nothing mattered but Pia and the squirrels—the macabre happenings of that day haunted her. Then, he returned, begged to be taken back, and she pretended to piece her life back together. But she never told Ron her feelings for Maurice, how he gave her company, comfort, how he helped her move on. She did it too. She had moved on.
Maurice Barnard. She hadn’t seen him in two years. The sound of his voice reminded her of a safe, happier time. She was tempted. The nights following the phone call, she started waking again, every couple of hours, imagined sounds of a small girl singing, laughing. 
Then one night she saw Pia standing in the doorway of her bedroom. That was it. She called Maurice the next day. 
“When is she getting released?”
“Not until next week.”
“Are you sure she’s not already released?”
“Yes, I’m positive. Why? What’s going on with you, Maggie? You don’t sound right.”
“Maurice, I miss you and…and, yes, I’ve been having dreams lately. And last night, I thought I saw her in my bedroom.”
“Maggie, come on; you know that’s not possible, right?”
“I don’t know anymore. Those lyrics are back in my head; and then I hear laughing. I know it sounds crazy. I know. But I think it’s her. I can’t sleep anymore.”
“Maggie did you tell Ron or anyone else about this? You need to talk to someone.”
“No, Ron is gone for a few weeks—business. I can’t tell anyone. They’ll have me committed. I need to do something. I need to find Markel Zimmermann.”
Maggie never felt more alone.
“Maggie, do not go there. You need to move on. You can’t get wrapped up in that nightmare again.”
“There’s something missing, some more to the story. I need to get it. Once I get the story, I’ll be able to move on, live a normal life once and for all.”
“Maggie, I’m begging you--don’t do it.”
“I have to, Maurice. I have no choice.”
“Jesus, you’ve always been so God damn stubborn. Please call me. If you need anything at all, I’m here, okay? Please call me.”
Maggie held the warm phone up against her cheek, even after Maurice hung up. She imagined his arms, his soothing voice. He was tempting. She wanted so badly to confess how she and Ron were not intimate, how they both agreed you could never go back, after the affairs, after Pia Zimmermann—the passion couldn’t be rekindled; it was never the same. 
She knew she had to confront her past before she could ever move on. Now, with Pia free, she had no options left. 
She reviewed new files before heading out to the Zimmermann home and discovered that Pia and her brother Markel Linden Wolff were both born in Germany to Wendy and Thomas Linden Wolff in Wildflecken—the German army’s Battle Exercises Simulation System Center. No surprise, the Linden Wolff’s home was burned in a fiery explosion listed as accidental and three-year old Mary Linden Wolff and her parents died. The two survivors, Markel and his younger sister, Pia, were sent to America to live with Wendy’s sister, Hazel Zimmermann, and the father, Adelmar Zimmermann, whom they called Granddaddy. As a result of the uprooting, Pia, four-years old at the time, suffered a possible Post Traumatic Stress which caused her voluntary muteness; she also had and an unusually high I.Q. in the 140’s. Maggie knew these issues could cause complex behaviors. But that wasn’t enough. There was something else, something missing. There was only one person who knew Pia Zimmermann well enough to shed some light, who could give her what she needed—her older brother—Markel. 
***
 An odd wind swirls dust and dead leaves in the middle of the yard. 
“You know there’s still blood stains here…see?” 
Markel rubs his hand along the railing of the porch, back and forth over a dark mark.
“I see. Markel, that’s not healthy for you to….maybe you can paint it? I know a painter who might do it for you for free, Markel.” He’s not making sense. Why would he say that? Maybe he’s unstable. Stay away, Maurice told her. Maybe he knows something about Markel—something he forgot to mention. Stay focused. 
 “Nah—I don’t mind it. You can’t forget that stuff, right? You know my sister is smart. I told you she talked. She just faked it to everyone else. You could say she’s an imposter, I suppose.”
“Why would she do that, Markel?” 
“Ms.—what’s your name?”
“Just call me Maggie.”
“Well, Maggie, Pia was smart, you know, but I guess she wasn’t smart enough to get out of being locked up. It changed, you know, when she brought that squirrel home from the woods. Those damn squirrels. I remember Hazel was irate. She was always chastising her. ‘That girl got her another squirrel!’ she said. ‘Lord Almighty that dumb girl can’t do anything but play with squirrels.’ I remember it like it was yesterday. Hazel never spoke too well. She wasn’t so smart, so it was ironic the way she believed Pia was dumb. And I knew a secret about Pia. But I couldn’t tell.” 
“What, Markel, what did you know?”
“I knew Pia could talk in two ways—with words and another way.”
“What was the other way?” Maggie knew the answer even before he said it. 
“Telepathy—you hear of it? She talked to me with her mind, Margaret. I heard her words in my head.” 
No one ever calls me Margaret, I need you. Margaret. You were you a naughty girl today. Did you break Mother’s dish?
“Yes, I’ve heard of telepathy. Was that the secret?”
“Yes and she used her words too. Pia wasn’t dumb. But Ma never knew Pia. Not like I knew Pia. Ma was too busy in the kitchen stirring bones in her big pot like a witch. She boiled anything that moved. One time she boiled up my Blackie.” 
“Who was Blackie, Markel?” Keep him on track. 
“He was my pet bunny. He used to hang around our yard. I couldn’t wait to see him after school. He was so fluffy and cute. I hated school so I looked forward to it, you know? But one day Blackie wasn’t there. And when I went into the kitchen to ask Ma, I found his paws sticking out of Ma’s pot. I almost screamed. I’ll never forgive her for that. She knew I loved Blackie. That was my pet. The way I see it, bunnies have no business in no pot of boiling water and potatoes. You ever eat rabbit, Margaret?
“I can’t say that I have, Markel.” Get him back on track. Forget the name. Forget it. Get the story. Get the story.
“I wanted so badly to pull him out of that pot but Hazel always said she’d skin me alive if I ever messed with her pot. I wasn’t scared of Hazel because she was so big and moved so slow and I could get away. Granddaddy—of course he did whatever Hazel said.”
“How did you feel about your Granddaddy?”
“Oh, I loathed him. He was mean as shit--and old; he yelled and smelled bad, but he wasn’t too old to get us. And Granddaddy he had this long switch. It left puffy red marks that looked like red licorice and stayed for like a month. Teachers never asked me about it though because I wore long sleeve shirts.”
“What about Pia?’ Get him back somehow.
“Pia never went to school because Hazel said she was too dumb and it wasn’t right for her. And like I said, I was smart enough to keep mine covered up.”
Show sympathy to the interviewee. Always acknowledge their feelings. Who told me that?  Maurice did. Maurice told me to stay away. Don’t do it, Maggie. 
“I’m sorry about that Markel. It must have been hard for you to not tell anyone.”
 “Oh, it was nothing. Everyone gets a beating. Probably we deserved it too. Did you ever get a beating Margaret? Spare the rod, spoil the child, right?”
“Are you religious, Markel?”
“Of course, I believe in God. Pia…she knows. I listen to her. I’m blessed, she tells me. I’m blessed to have her. Some people have no faith. Do you believe in God, Margaret?” 
Margaret, honey, I need you. No Daddy. Please don’t Daddy. I’m sorry. I’m sorry Please don’t hurt me. 
“How do you know my name, Markel?”
“You told me—right?”
“No—I don’t think I did. Well, maybe—yes, maybe I did.” 
Forget the name. Stay focused. “Let’s get back on track, okay? Tell me some more about Pia.”
“Pia—let’s see--she had this special way with squirrels. I think it was Granddaddy. Granddaddy loved those squirrels, especially after drinking his Jack Daniel’s. I swear he’d kiss one if he got close enough. I thought it was gross. And he was drinking that bottle too much, so all the squirrels started coming all the time. It’s like they told their friends and relatives about us. Every night it was a few more, packs of them, crowding around the porch. Pretty soon, they were climbing up the porch stairs, on my leg, trying to get on my lap. It got to be too much, so I could never sit outside. I didn’t want them rotten squirrels nipping me. And I worried about the rabies. Granddaddy said if squirrels have rabies they foam at the mouth and don’t move. But I still wasn’t so sure. And besides, Hazel didn’t like Granddaddy feeding peanuts to the squirrels. She’d be screaming bloody murder, chasing them off the porch with her broom. She was crazy, that Hazel. She was a real crazy lady. One time she even let off some firecrackers. Granddaddy nearly fell off his chair. It’s the only time I remember him calling Hazel a bad word. I didn’t know what it meant so I asked him: ‘What’s a whore?’ That old man slapped me right across the mouth, split my lip. I decided it was something bad. I never thought I’d be sleeping with one a few years later. But anyways, Hazel, she’d scream and scream holy hell. And Pia she didn’t care. She was oblivious. She just kept on peeling the shells and tossing peanuts over the railing No one ever got too mad at Pia.” 
“Why do you think no one got mad at Pia?” 
Margaret, dear, I need you, immediately. I promise. Daddy is not mad at you.
“Because they said Pia was special. Everyone knew it. Now that I think back, maybe they were afraid of her too.”
“Why would they be afraid of her?” Maggie remembered Pia-- round faced, pointy chin, her light blue dress torn, bloodied, her eyes dark spots with something inside she couldn’t place—a sort of familiarity, a blending of compassion and humility.
“You okay, Margaret? You look white as a sheet.”
“Oh, yes, of course. I forgot breakfast this morning that’s all. Please, Markel, if you could call me Maggie? I don’t like the name Margaret. Pull it together or you’ll never get the story. “So where were we? Oh, I know. Why don’t you tell me why you were so afraid of Pia?”
“I wasn’t afraid of her. We were connected. She said she’d always protect me no matter what. It was the adults she hated—Hazel, Granddaddy and Mr. Beers. But she didn’t really hate them; after she was yelled at or whipped, I’d say how much I hated them; she always told me to forgive my enemies. I remember the last time Granddaddy whipped her. She looked at him funny. I knew what she was thinking because her words transferred into my head. ‘I forgive you’ she said. He dropped the switch. And he never whipped her again. Never."
“Did she actually say it?”
“No she didn’t talk at all. Like I said she sent words to his head.”
“How do you know she sent words to his head?”
“Because I got those words too—Pia’s words came to my head.”
“Did she ever talk out loud?”
“No, only to me; she pretended she was mute.”
“Why would she pretend?” Are you deaf girl? Get over here young lady, right now!
“She told me words were better in your mind than spoken. She said most words never needed to be spoken and that people wasted words. Plus, she wanted Granddaddy and Hazel to leave her alone. Shoot, I might have tried that trick if I was as smart as Pia. But, no one was smart as Pia, the way I see it. She was brilliant, smarter than most people I ever met. She liked to use words I never heard of before and still can’t think of now. She read lots of poetry too. Her favorite is right in there on the shelf.”
“Could you get it for me?”
“Sure.” Markel walks into the house, still talking. “I think Pia could have been a teacher if she hadn’t flipped out. No one wants a crazy teacher. Although, come to think of it, I’ve had a few. But Pia was better than a teacher. I learned mostly everything from Pia. She helped me all the time. I’m smart—but not so book smart. Not like Pia. She always tried to help me with my words” Markel returns, holding the book out like an offering. “Here it is. This is her book. She carried it everywhere." 
Maggie takes it, gingerly, turning it in her hands like a gem. 
“It’s old. Where did she get this?”
“I guess she found it in the attic. Hazel was planting mouse traps and Pia had followed her up to see. She tried to get me to go up too but I don’t much care for mice. Pia came down from the attic with it. She picked it up and never put it down.”
Maggie runs her fingers over the embossed title: The Complete Poetry and Prose of William Blake. She remembers—the lyrics assaulting her day and night…And I made a rural pen…And I stain'd the water clear…And I wrote my happy songs…Every child may joy to hear. She opened the book to Songs of Innocence. Maggie’s hand trembled. She closed the book. 
Markel stares at her, curiously. 
“Well, this is what she liked to read. I guess she must be missing this book. I’d like to bring it to her, you know? But I never get to see her. I went twice and they sent me away. They said ‘Not a good time.’ I had to catch two buses and a cab to get back home. I kept missing the bus so that’s why it took me close to six hours to make it home. You okay, Marg, I mean Maggie? You seem sick or something.”
“Markel, did Pia ever send you these poems?”
“I’m not sure I know what you mean.”
“I mean did you ever hear these verses in your head like telepathy?”
“Hm. Now that I think of it, yes. But I just thought Pia was singing to me. Honestly, I never really thought much about it at all.”
“It isn’t making sense to me, Markel, how a little girl can send words and thoughts to someone else. I am having a hard time comprehending it all. You understand, right?”
“I guess it might seem weird. But, that’s Pia. That’s how she is and I’m just used to Pia.”
Silence. Wind. Dust. A cat rubs up against Maggie's leg. She reaches down to pet it. The cat hisses, runs away. 
 “Markel, I have an idea. How about I take you to Pia and we can bring her the book. How does that sound?”
“I don’t know if Pia wants that.”
“Why not, Markel? Wouldn’t she like to have her book?”
“She says you need to stay away. You can’t be trusted right now because you’re a disbeliever.”
“What does that mean…disbeliever?”
“You have no faith in Pia. She says you are using her to get a story. All you want is the story.”
“Is she telling you this right now, Markel?”
Markel stared back, dazed: “Yes, she tells me these things right now. I hear her words.”
Yes, tell him you want the story. Get the story. Stay focused. You need to get the story so you can move forward, live your life. “Markel, how about we continue with the interview, okay? I think we are getting way off track.”
“I don’t know if I should now. I think Pia is mad.”
“Well, Pia needs to understand that we want to help her. She is going to be free soon and if she isn’t properly understood, there can be lots of problems for her. I can’t help her if I don’t know the whole story, okay?”
“I guess so. We can do that. I mean if it’s helping her then why not. What else do you want to know?”
“Why don’t you tell me more about Mr. Beers and his visits, okay?”
“Mr. Beers the fat neighbor (he’s dead now like Hazel and Granddaddy) but Beers always stopped by and he always bothered me. He’d say ‘Stop mocking your sister, boy.’” He was dumb as a stump!”
“Did you tease your sister?”
“She teased me more. Like one time, fat Beers caught me yanking Pia’s hair because she took my pack of gum I was so foolish back then. But, as I was saying, I earned this candy from doing my work at school. Usually I never cared much, but I wanted that stupid gum. I never got candy and I was looking forward to it. So Pia grabbed it out of my hand; she ran and hid in the barn. When I asked for it back, she said she buried it, told me to find it. Well, she didn’t actually say it out loud. But I heard it in my head. She knew I’d forgive her. Everyone loved Pia. You couldn’t stay mad at her for too long.”
“Why is that Markel? You’ve said that a few times. What was it about Pia that was so special?”
“It’s hard to articulate. Pia, the way I recall, was so delicate and soft like a butterfly. I swear when she walked she floated. And she always wore this old fairy costume with wings that she found in the attic. She refused to take it off. Hazel was always yelling at her about it. But if she tried to get it off her, Pia pitched such a fit, that Hazel always gave in.”
“Did Beers like Pia?” 
Daddy needs to talk to you, Margaret Come on out of there. I’m not going to hurt you. I promise.
“Fat Beers liked her too. Oh, sure. Everyone liked Pia. I guess maybe they were too afraid not to like her. But Pia didn’t like Beers; I can see why. He was always after her, and he had this big belly hanging and lots of sweat pouring off him, and he always wanted Hazel’s food. He’d try to pet Pia like she was some dumb dog."
"Why did you hate him so much, Markel? What else did he do?"
"He was an ass. He never wanted me around. Like this one time, when he caught me yanking Pia's hair, he said ‘There you go again, boy. Why you got to be mocking your sweet little sister?’ I told him to leave us alone. My heart was pounding like a jack hammer. I felt it all the way in my legs. But I hated him. And I didn’t care. I thought for sure he’d hit me. But Beers started laughing. That fat pig bastard laughed and coughed and turned all red-faced and I prayed he might keel over and just die on the spot; but he kept laughing and once he could talk he said ‘You ain’t even a man yet, boy. You go on .Get out of here.’ He talked to me like I was disgusting vermin. 
“So, what happened?” Careful—slow down. 
You’re messing up again, Margaret. You can be so damn stubborn Margaret. It’s your own fault. You are an obstinate little girl. Come here immediately. I need to discuss this with you. Margaret, are you listening to me? Margaret, I know you can hear me. Get over here now!
“Are you sure you’re okay, Marg…sorry, I mean, Maggie? You seem scared of something.”
“Oh, no…please, please continue.”
“Fat Beers left us then. I watched him to go to his car. I thought he was going to leave. We stayed in the barn hoping he’d get in his car and drive away; but he came back and it seemed like he was mad; he was smoking a cigar, a fat one like him, and blowing it out angry and he said ‘Get over here and say hello to Mr. Beers like respectable kids do.’ So poor Pia she came out from behind the stall where our old horse Packer that died last year used to be. Pia loved that horse, Packer. She used to sneak out into the stall and sleep there for months after he died. Poor little Pia--makes me sad to think of it. Her tiny body curled up. One night it was so cold, I saw her breath…poor little Pia.” 
Too quiet—he’s teary-eyed. Easy…easy does it. Acknowledge his feelings.  “I’m so sorry Markel. You really loved your sister. I can tell.”
“Yes, I did. I do.”
Maggie reaches down into her bag and pulls out a tissue. “Here you go.” Give him a minute. He’s crying. Give him some time. “So what happened in the barn, Markel?”
“I don’t like talking out this.” 
I’m losing him. Damn it. “Markel, do you need a break? We can go get a soda, something to eat. It’s up to you.”
“No, I’m not hungry. Pia never ate anything. She hated food. She only ate greens and berries. She was just like Blackie. That’s all he ate.”
“I see.” Maggie stops typing. Shit, he’s getting off track again. Damn it. This kid can’t stay on one topic. “Pia was a vegetarian then?”
“I guess. But Granddaddy and Hazel don’t allow that vegan crap in their house, so they used to make her eat. She’d pretend. But if they caught her she’d have to eat. And then she’d vomit. I saw her do it on the side of the barn. Then she’d cover it up with dirt. 
I can’t lose him. I can’t. I got to get the story. “So, Markel, did Mr. Beers ever stay for dinner?”
“That pig Beers used to come over for dinner all the time. He came for two things—Pia and Hazel’s cooking. He’d eat like a fat slob. He had no manners. He made me sick. People like Beers shouldn’t even eat at a table. He licked his fat greasy fingers. He always took seconds for the potatoes and vegetables, the only foods Pia actually ate. But this one time, when Pia buried my gum, he left in a hurry. That Beers never missed one of Hazel’s meals.”
“Why didn’t he stay, Markel?” Shit, that’s not what I meant to say. Damn! I keep messing up. 
“I know why. Whatever he did in that barn with Pia made him scared, that’s why.”
“What do you think he did, Markel?” 
What did you do to her, Daddy? Why did you dunk Mommy?
“He called her like she was some dog and she went to him and then he grabbed her on the wing right before she was about to go for the door. I tried to stay, but Beers looked at me, straight on, and he said ‘Go on boy, you just mock this poor dumb girl. You go on now.’ And he opened his coat partway and that’s when I saw it.”
“What did you see?” 
I saw her. I saw Mommy waving in the ocean. She waved to me. And then she swam some more. And then Daddy went in. Why are you going in Daddy? Never mind, Margaret. Good girls don’t pry. Mommy has a cramp. I need to help her. 
“He had a gun in his pants. I don’t know what kind. It was a black pistol. So, that’s why I figured I better get the hell out of there. Otherwise, I’d have stayed. I was a coward. I know. I should have stayed. But I didn’t want to get shot. I didn’t know. I was a damn coward. Pia even said it. She looked at me and sent the word. She was right.”
“You did the right thing, Markel. Don’t be so hard on yourself.” 
You did all you could do. That’s what the officer said to Daddy. You did all you could do. She’s gone. The undertow most likely.
“The gun scared me. I mean maybe I could have taken on Beers. He was so fat and old. Going right through me. But I felt that bullet getting me right in the back. I swear I did. I felt it in my back like a dream. Did you ever dream of getting shot, Marg—shit, sorry, I mean Maggie?”
“No, I can’t say I remember that, Markel.”
“Well, it was just like that. I imagined him shooting that thing at me, and I felt it like he already did it. So I moved fast. But I’ll never forget Pia. I saw her face when I ran past. She didn’t look scared. I wanted her to be. I wanted her to be mad, something I could understand. But, no, she had her head down and she looked up at me and she was disappointed like I betrayed her. Then I heard it. ‘I forgive you, brother.’ And that made me feel even worse.” 
“I know this is hard for you Markel. But you have to consider that the voice you heard in your head was your own voice, your conscience, not Pia’s. You have to try to forgive yourself. You did the right thing. If he had shot you, then you’d never have been able to see Pia again.” Quiet, don’t say anymore. He’s shutting down. I said too much. She was sent away. His sister was sent away and he could never see her anyway. Shit, rubbing his head, hands on face. This is it. I’m done. I blew it. 
You did a bad thing, Margaret. You should know better. 
“I want to talk. I want to tell you.”
“Okay, Markel.” Thank God. Stay focused. It’s not about you. Get the story. Get the story. 
“So, that day, I waited on the side of the barn. It was hot. It was so hot. And I wanted a drink. But I waited anyway. I put my ear up to the side of it to figure out why it was taking so long for Pia to come out because I wanted my gum. I wasn’t even thinking she might be getting hurt. I just wanted my gum. But then I started feeling like something wasn’t right. Words kept coming into my head from Pia but I couldn’t make them out. I put my head up against the door of the barn. I never expected to hear crying. I swear I never expected that. Pia was crying. And Mr. Beers was talking in a soft way like I never heard him talk before. I didn’t know why she’d be crying if he was being so nice to her. It was hard to make out the words but I thought I heard him say ‘No, you don’t’ and something like ’hold still girl.’ It sounded like Granddaddy when Packer was in pain and trying to get up on his feet, right before Granddaddy shot him. After some more time, Beers came out fixing his belt and sweating. He looked around the place like he was scared then he walked to his car faster than I ever saw fat Beers move. I called out to Pia but she didn’t answer. I said it again, louder, and she that’s when she came out of the barn with a new look, more mean or serious. I couldn’t really tell. So I tried to act normal and asked about my gum. She ran just like a squirrel. And she acted like that all day--hiding up in trees. Just like a squirrel.”
“So did you ever get to talk to her that day?”
“I saw her at night, after dinner. She was sitting on the porch feeding squirrels like she usually does. So I figured she was okay. I sat down next to her and said ‘Mr. Beers, he is evil, huh? He looked like he wanted to eat me. Did you see his face?’ Pia said she forgave me. I might have hugged her. But she jumped up and ran off.”
“So when did she finally talk to you about what happened with Beers?”
“She never did. Fat Beers scared the words right out of her. But I figured out what he did. I know he yanked her wings off ‘cause I found them in the barn. Then he pulled her gown up and made her do things to him. I know it. She didn’t have to say. She was never the same after that. But no one bothered to ask her what was wrong because they thought she couldn’t talk.”
“Why do you think she only talked to you, Markel?”
 “I used to take care of her when she was small. Hazel didn’t really want us. She was too old. I figure she just felt she should because it was family. She was always sick, always limping around, saying her hip hurt or crying because she couldn’t pay a bill or Granddaddy yelled at her.” 
I work hard for my family, for you and Mother. I work very hard, Margaret. And then you have to ruin things. It’s not fair, Margaret. It’s not fair at all. Stay on topic. Keep going.  
“Pia was born too early so she had to stay in the hospital until her lungs developed. She came out Blue. Doc said she died for a few minutes. ‘Praise the Lord she’s with us now,’ Hazel said. ‘You were sent to us for a reason.’ And then she started taking us to church. She must have figured it was a miracle how Pia survived birth and how we both survived the fire. She started praying with her eyes closed, swaying back and forth. ‘Praise the Lord’ she’d say. All these older women did it too. I couldn’t take my eyes off of them. I thought it was fun to watch. But sometimes it got scary. I know it was supposed to be heavenly, and I should have been bowing my head, praying, inviting some Holy Spirit, but it was just weird. And then a couple of times Karina, my babysitter, showed up. This one time she stood in front of me. She was wearing a flowery pink dress, not her usual ripped jeans. I never saw Karina in a dress; I thought she looked nice until she raised her arms; her dress lifted and a light purple slip showed. I felt embarrassed for her. She moved her head back and forth and her hair was up in a ponytail so it flipped back and forth like Packer’s tail when he was swatting a fly. When the Pastor Rick told us to make peace with each other, she turned to me and shook my hand as if she didn’t even know me. Her hand was ice cold and her eyes seemed wide like she was scared except she was smiling. Another time, she brought her new boyfriend, Jerry. He had red hair and freckles all over his face. While Pastor Rick was going on and on about obedience, Jerry kept flipping his hair to the side, putting his hand on Karina’s back and then her butt; she kept swatting it away. I thought he was a real pig for doing that.”
Markel is silent. His countenance takes on a look of astonishment and his mouth parts as if he has more to say but can’t get it out. 
Careful—easy does it. “What is it, Markel?”
“I’m not going to hell for this am I?”
“Oh, my… of course you’re not going to hell. 
Bad girls go to hell, Margaret. Do you want to burn in hell for eternity? Daddy never said that. No, I’m getting confused. Someone is planting thoughts in my head. 
“You are telling the truth. Honesty is not a sin, Markel. I promise.” 
“But you look like you’re in pain.”
“Who are you talking about Markel? You mean I look like I’m in pain?” He knows. 
“Hazel, I mean. She’d even fall over like she couldn’t stand anymore. Then she’d lay there on the ground with her arms spread. At first, it was funny. But then it scared me. Granddaddy said she was praying, getting the Holy Spirit into her. And then Pastor Rick started coming around and bringing all kinds of food and things for Pia and Hazel. But he hated Granddaddy and me. He always had this flashy smile but then he’d look over at me or Granddaddy and his face changed. After he left, Granddaddy said things like ‘You fool woman. That man is getting into your pants.’ I was only like six-years old so I had no idea. I used to wonder how Pastor Rick could fit inside Hazel’s pants.”
Get back on track. This is taking too much time. Did Pia always talk to squirrels?”
“I think Pastor Rick was getting into Hazel’s pants for real.”
“Why do you say that, Markel?”
“Because one time, when Granddaddy wasn’t home, I heard them in the bedroom and Hazel was loud like she was laughing and screaming at the same time. So I opened the door and saw Pastor Rick on Hazel’s bottom parts. Now I know what they were doing. Back then, no.”
“Did you ever say anything to anyone, Markel?”
“No, I just kept it inside. I didn’t know what I saw at the time. Pia was too little. She was just a baby.”
Hold me now, Margaret. Hold your Daddy. I had a long, long day at the office. Mother doesn’t understand. Focus—get the story. Move on—next question. “When did Pia start talking to you?”
“She was talking by the time she was like five-years old. She said, ‘Markel, I have a zillion ways of speaking and I am never going to tell anyone how I do it...no one but you.’  Those were the first words she ever spoke to me. Then she didn’t speak again for weeks. I never did get her. I used to think she was an alien or some creature sent from God like a miniature saint except she never tried to help anyone. If she were a real angel she could have helped Granddaddy stop drinking and Hazel with her bad hip. But she was just Pia, I guess. But, even if she was average, she still didn’t deserve to be sent away to Tennessee Mental Health Center. I tried to visit. I tried a couple of times and I was sent away. I wanted to die. I wanted to die so many times without Pia. You ever feel so sad, Margaret?”
“I don’t think so, Markel.” Forget the name. Forget it. She felt it then, the gut wrenching depression she had after that day. She couldn’t see straight. She was trapped in a dark abyss. 
Margaret, dear, your mother is gone. You did it. You did it to her. Father did it. He killed Mommy. He held her down in the wave.
“You okay, Marg—I mean Maggie? God, I can’t get that right. You look kind of pale.”
 Stop. Get the story. “I’m fine. I’m fine, really. Tell me more about Pia and the squirrels, Markel.”
“Well, Pia believed the squirrels had powers and knew her mind. Pia wasn't always that way. I think it just crept up on her like one of those bad dreams you have that turns out to be real. She used to love the squirrels. And they seemed to love her back. ‘These squirrels are my friends, Markel,’ she'd tell me. ‘I have no friends. But these squirrels like me. I hold my hand out just like this, see, and they kiss it.’ And Pia showed me how. She held out her pretty little soft hand. I loved Pia’s hands. Her hands were like perfectly shaped pearls—not too long and not too short, straight, no crooked parts—just like Pia. You can tell a lot about someone based on their hands. Did you know that?”
“I never thought of that, no.” Jesus, this kid gets off track so easily. 
“What’d you say?”
“Huh? Oh, nothing---Does he know? How could he know what I just thought? Maybe I said it aloud? No, cut it out. Stop-- you’re losing a grip. 
“I guess I get off the topic too much.”
“I don’t know. Did I say that?”
“I think so. I’m not sure. I thought I heard it. But like I was saying Pia liked to pet the squirrels and I swear those squirrels purred like cats. I bet no one knew a squirrel purred. Pia, she used to sit right here, on this very porch step, and toss bread crumbs or crackers or just about anything. ‘Look, Markel, This one likes chocolate cake!’ or ‘Look how he licks my hand!’ And then Hazel might come out and start screaming at poor Pia because Hazel worried that Pia lost her mind and she’d say ‘You’re acting insane, girl! You ought to have some friends. Those squirrels are like rats. And you just keep on feeding them nasty vermin.’ Pia never even flinched. She just kept right on feeding her squirrels. Then one time Hazel went inside and Pia turned to me and said ‘Hazel is ignorant you know. I bet this squirrel knows more than Hazel. But I forgive her.’ But she didn’t say it out loud. She sent the words to my head. And I told her she should never speak that way about Hazel. And then I thought to myself that Pia is not so perfect. She calls people names and she never even went to school. And that’s when Pia grabbed my arm and stared right into my eyes. I swear she stared into my soul. She read my thoughts. And she looked like she might set me on fire. ‘Don’t ever say that about me again, brother. I know more than you. I teach you.’”
“So what happened next?” Maggie’s pulse quickens as she struggled to control her thoughts. Each one that comes to her head, she erases. 
“One day she was just doing her thing, feeding squirrels, and she let out some scream like she was burning alive. Hazel was peeling potatoes in the kitchen and I was sitting at the table sharpening a pencil for my homework. And then we heard it. Hazel looked at me as if I caused it somehow. ‘What’s wrong with that child? I swear to the Lord she’s going to put me in an early grave. Go on now Markel and see what’s got that strange girl’. First, I rolled my eyes. I was tired of taking care of her. I thought to myself, why do I always have to be the one? But then I heard Pia yelling in my head. I thought my brain would burst with her screams. So I jumped up and ran out to her. At first, I didn’t see her. But then she told me where she was and I so I went on the side of the house, to the big fat oak tree; and there she was crouched down on the roots, real low. And she was just rocking back and forth. Her hands, her pretty hands, they were up against her face like she was trying to protect her cheeks. Pia what are you doing? I asked. She didn’t answer. I waited to hear her in my head—nothing. So, I said it louder. Pia, talk to me now! Why are you screaming like some banshee? And that’s when she looked up at me and her big eyes got real wide and she said, ‘Markel, it’s happening. It’s happening just like I said.’ And course I didn’t know what she the hell she was talking about so I just looked at her as if she really was crazy. And then she started talking more. Her words were so soft, I could barely hear her. But she said it in my head.”
“What did she say in your head, Markel?”
“She said, ‘They’re coming for us. The squirrels are coming Markel.’ I started to get real scared then. Shit, I’m scared now just remembering it.”
“You believed her then?” 
“No, I was scared because Pia was going to be sent away if she kept talking nonsense. But, thinking back, yes, I think I was scared maybe it could be true. I told her to stop. But she just kept on saying ‘I heard it Markel. The squirrels...last night...I was sleeping—they told me in words I know…just one word, dead, Markel…dead.’ Pia, no, I told her. You need to stop! Don’t do this! They’ll send you away or whip you! It was supper and Hazel was screaming for us at the front door. So I tried to pull Pia away, off the tree, but then she started yelling louder. And that’s when I saw it."
“Saw what, Markel?” 
Daddy, please! Help her! Help Mommy—she’s all blue. See her? Don’t you see her? She needs help! Mommy knows how to swim. She swims all the time. She didn’t drown. She didn’t. Don’t let her die. Don’t let her die. Why did you kill her? Why did you kill my mother?
“I saw the dead squirrel; it was a couple feet or so from Pia, and it was bloody like it had been in Granddaddy’s wood chipper. What did you do, Pia? I asked her. What did you do to that squirrel?"
What did you do Daddy? Why did you drown Mommy? Help me God. Help me stay focused. “What did she say?” 
“She said ‘It came at me. It came at me, Markel. It was going to rip me apart’ and I almost believed her. It was her eyes—there was something I had never seen...something like just before Granddaddy made me shoot my dog, Tad. Granddaddy said Tad had some rabies because he was gone a few days and came back dirty and growling at him. But he was always growling at Granddaddy because he was protective and Granddaddy was always hitting on us. But I had to shoot my Tad. It was either me or Tad. That’s what Granddaddy said. I don’t think he really would have shot me. But who knows. He was so drunk, not right in the head. I’ll never forget Tad’s eyes--big and scared like he knew--and Pia’s eyes, too, except no one was holding a shot gun at Pia’s face. She was just lost in her head. The only one who made sense to me was lost in her head. No way I’d let Granddaddy beat it out of her. So I shook her hard and yelled at her to get up. And I thanked God it worked that time.” 
“Did she follow you inside?”
“Yes, she started to. I had her by the arm, holding her up. She seemed really weak. But then Granddaddy caught us before we got inside. ‘What the hell you doing out here? I got a mind to whip your hide girl,’ he said. Granddaddy must have felt powerful because he was drunk and holding a 22 inch barrel shot gun, the same one I shot at Tad.”
Bad girls get a whipping, you know Gertrude. That’s what happens. Stop—focus.
 “Go on, Markel--you’re doing great.”
“So, I told Granddaddy Pia was bit by that squirrel and I so I had to beat him to death.” I pointed to the bloody squirrel and he saw it and said ‘Well, okay then. Okay. You did good, boy,’ and then told us both to get our asses inside for dinner. So I dragged Pia in with me. The whole time she was shouting in my head words like ‘No!’ and ‘help me, Markel!’ I ignored all her words. I had to get her inside. I didn’t want to lose my Pia. It was awful. I felt her bones—she was like a rag doll. I was worried she might die or that she’d start screaming again. So I whispered real soft in her ear that she better eat or Hazel is going to send you to your room and those squirrels will get you. She looked at me like she was going to start wailing; but instead, she made a sick whimpering noise and it sounded just like this cat after I shot it by accident with my bee bee gun and it lay on the porch all night moaning until the morning when Granddaddy kicked it with his big boot into the woods. I never saw a cat fly so far.”
I hear her. She’s alive. Hear that sound? She’s alive. I know it!  Help her Daddy. Hurry! Get the story. It’s not about you. No time for this. No time. 
“You sure you okay, Marg? You look kind of pale.”
“Well, maybe I could use a short break. Why don’t we take a few minutes? You can use the bathroom, get yourself a drink. I’ll freshen up a bit myself.”
“Okay sounds good. I’m going to get inside with the AC for a bit.”
Maggie doesn’t hear Markel’s response. She walks to her car, assaulted by the images of her mother.
Myrtle Beach, a crock pot filled with black bean soup she’d never eat, her body sprawled out on the sand, waves breaking on her hands, feet, in her mouth. Daddy dragged her to shore. She didn’t look right. That’s why I went in after her, he told the officers. That’s why. He did it. He killed her. Stop Margaret. Why do I keep thinking these horrible thoughts? He was never accused. Daddy wouldn’t do that. Get the story.  
Maggie leans up against her car, her legs are heavy, weak. She manages to crawl inside. Get some water. That’s all. I need a drink. Get my thoughts straight.
 One more swim before dinner. Just one more, sweetheart—one more swim--Mommy’s last words. Don’t look at the woods. Don’t look at the woods. She is out there waiting for me Pia. It’s her. It’s her words.  She is here now. Maggie felt a sudden urge to lock the doors. What’s wrong with me? Pull it together. Get the story that’s all you need to do. The story—just get the story.
Markel knocks on the passenger’s window and Maggie screams.
“Sorry to scare you! You okay in there? Kind of hot to be all cooped up in your car. Why don’t you come inside the house? I got the AC going.”
Maggie stares at Markel for a few minutes as if to convince herself he is not someone else. 
“No, no. I’m okay, really. You startled me.”
They walk back together. Dust kicks up under their feet. The sun blazes in one final moment of fury. 
“I think Pia is here.” Markel said. 
“What do you mean?”
“I think she is with us right now. I feel her.” 
Markel lowers himself, slowly, as if his body might fall apart if he moves too quickly. 
Maggie sat too, settles her fingers on the keyboard, imbibing a certain comfort in the smoothness of the keyboard.
“We can go inside if you like—it’s cooler in there.”
The idea of stepping back into that house is unfathomable. 
“No, I can’t. The AC gives me a headache.”
“Okay, that’s fine.”
Markel leans forward, hands folded, as if he wants to get inside her. 
“So what happened next?”
“It was the worse time. I tried real hard to stop shaking but I couldn’t. Pia shoved food into her mouth; she never spoke, so no one noticed, usually. But Hazel must have noticed something because she hit the back of Pia’s head and said ‘Hey, knock that off girl.’ And poor Pia’s head went forward a bit and her fork poked her lip and it started bleeding. But she didn’t care about that and she kept shoveling food in her mouth like she was in a trance.”
“So when did she tell you about the squirrels?”
“It was after dinner, that same night; she told me all about the squirrels in the woods. ‘Markel, I’m scared. I think they are evil. I’m not sure. I can’t tell anymore,’ she said. I had her in my room even though if Granddaddy caught us he would skin our hide. I knew she wasn’t going to go into her own room because she was convinced the squirrels were waiting for her. I said Pia, no squirrel is going to get you. Squirrels can’t talk. I tried to explain. But she kept staring out the window like she was waiting for them, and I had my bee bee gun waiting for them too—just in case. So we waited. The moon was bright and glowing, mad bright. And Pia fell asleep on the floor, and I heard a scratching noise outside my window. I looked and saw the squirrel pressed up against the window like it wanted to get inside. I started thinking maybe Pia was right, maybe she knew something about the squirrels wanting to get us and maybe we were cursed. But I knew that didn’t make rational sense, no way. So I opened the window and that damn squirrel jumped right onto the branch next to it. Damn squirrel—so I took my bee bee gun and aimed and shot at it. But it just kept sitting there like it had never been shot even though it had a spot of blood where I got it. I saw it then, what Pia must have seen-- the beady eyes looked like a rat and it was doing something with its mouth like it was talking to me. I felt like I was losing my own sense. So I tried to shoot it one more time and this time it fell. It stared back at me with those eyes and they were black as coal, dark black buttons with nothing inside, and glowing like a cat’s, and I felt a chill on my spine. I couldn’t stop wondering why that squirrel didn’t fall right away. I couldn’t think any more about it so I just shot and then it fell. But I never did sleep that night thinking about how many shots that one squirrel took, you know? Next morning, Pia was sitting out on the porch wearing the same clothes she slept in and her hair was knotty and dry like a bird’s nest and she glanced up at me with her wide eyes like she knew I shot the squirrel. I told her I did. But she didn’t flinch. She just kept peeling the shells off like she didn’t care. I decided that squirrel got her mind, somehow. I thought, Pia is gone.”
And did those feet in ancient time…walk upon England's mountains green?..And was the holy Lamb of God…On England's pleasant pastures seen? What do you want from me? What do you want, Pia?
“Your Mom still alive, Marg…damn it…I mean Maggie?”
“No, she’s not. My Mom drowned.”
“How?”
“I guess she was tired, too tired. She got a cramp and went under.” 
You did it, Daddy. You hated her. You hated Mommy. I saw you push her under. I saw you.
“Pia says your Daddy did it. She says he drowned your Mommy. You know it, don’t you?”
“I don’t. I don’t know that. Who said that to you? Pia is wrong. She’s wrong, Markel. She is tricking you.” 
And did the Countenance Divine…Shine forth upon our clouded hills?...And was Jerusalem builded here…Among these dark Satanic Mills? 
“It’s the truth, Maggie. I know it. Pia knows it too.”
“If you don’t stop this, I will end the interview right now. Do you understand? I’ve had just about enough of this.”
“Don’t be mad. Pia says the truth is hard to accept. She says you need to accept the truth and that’s the only way you will be saved. She says it’s not her that’s holding you back. She says it’s your fear. She says you need faith.”
“What the hell do you know about faith?”
Maggie sees him then, the inkling of an arm, two arms, big, tanned, pushing her down. It could have been that or something else. She had decided it was Daddy playing a game with Mommy, dunking. Reggie Smith liked to try to dunk her when she was swimming. He did it once at the pool at camp, and then told his Aunt ‘I was just dunking her’ as if it were a game. Maggie choked, coughed out water from her throat and nose. The chlorine burned. 
Mommy was dead. Daddy dunked her for too long. Why Daddy? Why did you murder Mommy?
“I’m sorry, Maggie. I’m really sorry. You must be sad right now.”
“I’m trying to get a story. I need to know how a little girl can manipulate us both.”
Markel is silent. He bows his head, folds his hands on his lap. Then, unexpectedly, he starts talking as if he had never stopped. 
“Later on, I walked over to the side of the house to find the squirrel. I looked right below my window where I shot squirrel. But nothing was there. Where did it go? I asked Hazel. She told me that Pia took it. I asked Hazel why she took it. She said ‘Markel, there ain’t no reason behind what Pia does. She a simple girl and there is no rational reason. She had a shovel so maybe that dumb girl wants to bury her squirrel out there in the woods.’ Hazel laughed when she said it but I felt like fat Beers or someone just as heavy was sitting on my chest and I could hardly breathe.” 
Bring me my bow of burning gold!...Bring me my arrows of desire!...Bring me my spear! O clouds, unfold!...Bring me my chariot of  fire! “
Markel, what did you do next?” Maggie struggles to breathe, to keep her voice from shaking. She feels the weight on her chest too like she is being held under water—just like Mommy. Just like Mommy. How does he know? 
“I walked far, really far into the woods I walked and walked looking for Pia. I knew once I found her she was going to be okay. I had to tell her how that she was right, how that squirrel was evil, how it looked at me and I knew it was trying to curse me. I guess I lost my own sense on that walk in the woods; but I didn’t know anything else. It was hot, steamy hot, and the woods had a different smell—one I had never smelled before--so I decided that was part of the squirrel’s curse. I heard it squeaking, mocking me. I can’t explain; I guess I was spooked and some part of me felt the squirrels up in the trees mocking me. I yelled for Pia a few times. Nothing. And then I heard a sound like no other and that sound shook me to the core…right to the core. I don’t usually get afraid of anything. But I started to suspect evil squirrels were plotting revenge for all those times we boiled their brothers and sisters in Hazel’s big pot and shot them down out of trees with bee bee guns. “I never ate you!” I yelled. “I never did anything to you squirrels!” I know. It sounds crazy, right? And then she appeared out of nowhere—Pia. ‘What are you doing, Markel?’ she said to me. I asked her the same question and she said ‘I’m not afraid anymore, Markel. I came out here to be safe. We are friends again—the squirrels—they are my friends.’ She was crazy. I told her that. I told her we needed to go back home, to Hazel and Granddaddy. I told her she needed some help, that we could get her some help. I was afraid for her then. I didn’t want to lose Pia. I said no one is going to hurt you Pia. You need to come with me. I’m your brother. I want to help you. But she just looked at me in a sad way and sent these words to my head: ‘Forgive them, for they know not what they do.’”
I will not cease from mental fight… Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand…Till we have built Jerusalem…In England's green and pleasant land…Where does evil come from Daddy? Why are you evil? Am I evil too? Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani?
“I left her in the woods, and I went home and I never told Hazel and Granddaddy about Pia in the woods. Granddaddy passed out in his chair from his Jack Daniel’s. And Hazel knitted and then dozed off. She said she was going to wait up for Pia ‘Damn girl is going to get a whipping for this one,’ she said. But I couldn’t sleep. I stayed up thinking about Pia alone in the woods with the evil and wild animals. I decided to tell. But when I went to Hazel’s bedroom, I saw she wasn’t in her bed. I found them in the kitchen. Hazel was sitting at the table and she had her hands on her face with Granddaddy and his bottle leaning over her like he had her trapped. ‘We got to call the police, Markel. Pia is still not home.’ I told her then. And Ma was madder than hell that I didn’t tell her earlier. She ran out of the kitchen and Granddaddy followed with a shot gun. He always brought it with him to the woods but this time I was afraid, sensed something was wrong, real wrong. And when the sun started coming up and I saw Pia walking towards the house, moving slow, stained with blood, that squirrel in her arms, I wanted to die. I knew then. I knew. Pia never moved that slow. I knew Granddaddy and Hazel weren’t coming out of those woods.”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Markel.” 
The quiet is palpable, bounces off the dry earth like pebbles of hollowness.
“And I’m sorry for you, knowing your Daddy killed your Mommy. I’m real sorry for you too.”
“He’s dead now. My father is dead, Markel. They are both dead. It doesn’t matter anymore.”
“It always matters—the truth always matters. Pia says it always matters.”
Maggie closes her computer. Seconds later, she hears it--the sound of gravel crunching, dust swirling, a swish of air that could be a breeze or a shifting of corn husks or wheat in a field. 
“Here she comes,” Markel said. He stands then, and put his hand up to his forehead as if to block a sun that had already begun its descent. 
“Not yet. It can’t be her. She hasn’t been released yet.”
“That’s Pia,” Markel said. He grabs the book of William Blake’s poetry that has been on his lap and clutches it to his chest. 
“Here she comes.”
Far off Maggie sees it, the glimmer of chrome, perhaps, or a spot of light reflected off of some object, and the light encroaches, naturally, like a rising tide—salient and expected like a birth or a death.
 
PART II
 
Paw Bo
Paw Bo feels neither light nor heavy but sinks to the lowest degree of matter like me. All I touch, do, think has morphed into a ritual of sorts; but if I were asked to explain what, I could not. How do I say it? I see shapes, slender, ghastly visages, marauders infesting my mind. I see her too—Pia. And I hear her-a cacophony of sounds, primal, new, forming. I think she is close.
Annie is late today. She is committed to her patients—the mentally ill, the scared, the delusional, the paranoid--like me; I pretend that it is not the truth, that I am like one of her patients. I know it is something else, something unfathomable, an external entity, inexplicable—Pia Zimmermann. Annie would never believe me. Only Maggie believes me. Only Maggie knows. 
I watch Paw Bo crawl across the floor. She prefers crawling, a primal mode of transport, even though she can walk. I think if I could be infantile I might; it is a time when life is bliss, raw and real, a time when all faculties are heightened. If Annie wants to leave, I won’t argue. I’ll say fine, just go then. I have had it with your bullshit. I have played it out, the various scenarios. Maybe not profanity...too much not like me and she will suspect. 
I almost took a shower today but couldn’t do it. Annie will ask me if I took a shower. The thought of water on my skin makes me cringe. I can’t tell. She is starting to suspect. She knows the signs of a deteriorating mind—hygiene goes first. I think she told me that. Someone did.
“No no,” I say, gently. She startles, looks at me oddly as if she can see the words exiting my mouth. “What do you see?” I ask her and she turns away from me. “You want some lunch?” I open the cupboard and see the empty shelves, remember I was supposed to go to the store. The idea of shopping feels burdensome. “You can’t keep eating out. It’s not healthy,” Annie had said. I know all that already. But it’s easier. I'm weak, heavy feeling. I quickly slip on Paw Bo’s white Hush Puppy sandals; “Chick a chick a boom boom,” I say, and she smiles. I should say it again and she’ll laugh. I’m too tired for it all; she stares down at my hands whenever I buckle her shoe; I know she will do these things and it feels, somehow, safe. “One two buckle my shoe,” more smiles and a small giggle. “More?” she says. I swing her up to my side and her thin downy hair sweeps my cheek, smells like peaches; I could cry from the sweetness. 
We walk outside. The air is thick and morose. Someone could easily die in this air. A spate of dark clouds encroaches. Just take each moment as it comes. Moment to moment—Maggie, she said it. It was after the Zimmermann incident on 25 Cool Spring Drive, the time when we clung to each other, to our sanity, hearing Pia’s voice in our heads, hallucinating; it was the time when I wanted to die and Maggie saved me with her kisses, both of us saving each other with flesh and lust and next Paw Bo, her teeny face, eager, reaching arms. 
I walk quickly to the safety of the car. Paw Bo says “We go now?” repeatedly. She will keep saying it until she gets a response. “Yes, going.” I finally answer. When I buckle her into her seat she squirms and then makes sounds like “NOAP!” which could be a combination of no and stop. Annie might tickle her and make her giggle, distract her. I’m inept. 
The drive settles her and me. I glance out the window at the neatly painted houses, too neat, too neat, the dolor rows of taupe, steel-grey, white, and then the repeated pattern that has evolved into a searing dullness. I try to recall the days when it may have evoked a comfortable feeling of predictability; but now I find it too obscure a memory, too distant and tainted; I stare at it in an attempt to make it real--the sharp green hedges and sleek white fences marking boundaries, lush and blossoming fruit trees dropping petals and spotting well-manicured lawns, tall stemmed dahlias top heavy and leaning against sides of chimneys like frail birds, miniature roses thorny and blood-red languishing on trellises, sharp gleaming metal of bikes and scooters and pogo sticks tipped onto their sides, stray balls adrift, rolling along like tumbleweeds in some phantom breeze. I imagine the neighborhood evacuated, leaving behind a hollow vacancy. It is more alive if I imagine it this way. It is more alive. I glance upwards and see dark clouds gathering, plotting, as if in secret concession. I mistrust everything.
"Storm, Da Da." I tighten my grip on the wheel. "No, no," I say, gently. I fix my eyes on the road, resolute, readying for some battle...Pia Zimmermann is here—the idea snakes itself into my mind like an unwavering melancholy. 
The market is convenient, only a few miles away. I smell Black Water Creek, the sludge, see the tiny gnats like dark spotted air. I consider the silence and attempt to resist the surge of panic, convinced I’ve forgotten Paw Bo. Once, I even pull over to the side because I’m so shaken by the idea of it.  
By the time I reach the market, I’m depleted.  Paw Bo is asleep. My mouth is parched. I feel dizziness, the sense that if I try to stand, I’ll faint. I pull into a parking space and notice three elderly ladies hobbling and remember Tuesday is senior discount day. I consider leaving, sit a moment, enjoying the silence, Paw Bo’s small breaths in and out, the drone of the car engine idling and Annie’s expression when she found out about Maggie, the severity of it. “You love her?” she asked. “I love you, Annie.” I blubbered. I was pathetic, vulnerable. I couldn’t leave her. I loved the safety of Annie. But I loved the essence of Maggie. How strange. She would never understand that. I can’t even explain it.  If I had said “I love the essence of Maggie,” she’d think I was crazy. It was far from a rationale argument. It made no sense. 
Two weeks later we received the call about Paw Bo. “She’s ready for you,” the adoption agent said. We had waited a long time, over a year for this day. But everything had changed. And a day before, I had decided I loved Maggie the way I wanted to love. I was going to tell Annie, confess my love for Maggie, skipping the essence part. Our trip to Thailand to get our new daughter, Paw Bo, changed everything. We made love that night after a dinner and drinks at Blue Elephant; the next morning, I awoke with Annie’s bare arm draped over me, sun flanking the room, a new vision; but I didn’t completely dismiss Maggie until Paw Bo’s frail arms moved around my neck; this one simple moment. And I forgot about confessing. My life was Annie and Paw Bo. It was not Maggie. It was never Maggie.
 “No Maggie,” Paw Bo utters, a faint, audible sound, clearly stated from the back seat. Initially, I consider that Pia is back, putting words in my head. But then I see Paw Bo, smiling. Her brown eyes glow from the backseat. “What was that?” A horn jars me back. A black van with painted windows barely misses a feeble lady in a walker. I’m thinking aloud. Paw Bo repeated me. Yes, that must be it. I can’t even consider the other—that Paw Bo is in my head, read my thoughts.  I am in a tailspin and decide to return home; I put the car in reverse. I crane my neck, searching for short old people hiding behind. But Paw Bo whimpers and her eyes pop. She knows I’m leaving. She starts to writhe in her car seat and yank at the belts that fasten her in. She cries, her shrieks building like a crescendo. “Okay, okay,” I say gently. I lift her out. I am a hero. I imagine one horrific moment, freeing her from a collapsed building. The office where her parents worked collapsed. The day care in the basement too. Paw Bo was pulled to safety—the only one of eight children that survived. I recreate it often, how it must have felt to pull her to safety—the one surviving child—dusty, unconscious. She’s alive! This one’s alive! I love that moment, when her cheek is up against mine, the salty feel of it, warm blush tenderness evoking a myriad of emotions. I am her savior. I will give her life.
We walk inside. I bounce her and she giggles. I love Paw Bo. Of all the things I don’t know, I know that. She is, literally, light as a feather. I whisper it in her ear and she giggles. The market is wall to wall elderly—the old rattling bones shuffle slowly, morbidly. Ghostly faces are garishly made up in caked make-up, bright pink rouge and deep red smeared on thin withered lips. Paw Bo is not afraid of them; maybe because she is closer to where they are going soon. She is not repulsed. On the contrary, she is enchanted by these ancient gems. She stares at them, awestruck, her eyes wide like saucers. I decided, at some point, that I never want to grow that old; I want to be immortal. And if through some unfortunate circumstance, I live to be arthritic and hobbling, I will know enough to stay home, avoid limping down the aisles of Cedar Hill Market. I will have my groceries delivered once a month. I will eat the bare minimum of what I need, busy myself with the television all day, dozing off periodically to reruns of Law and Order or I Love Lucy or some crass reality show so I can pretend I am part of the pop culture. Paw Bo will marry a doctor, become one like Annie --water seeks its own level; she will bring my favorite cookies (even if I can’t chew them anymore); instead, I’ll hold pieces in my mouth until they melt. Then she will argue incessantly with her husband about how it is not right to put me in a home. She may sneer and scowl and roll her pretty brown eyes like all wives do and give him the silent treatment like her mother did to me. “Why aren’t you talking?” I asked her a week after she found out about Maggie. “I can’t find the words,” she had said. I liked the way she said it, how it sounded like poetry, the drama, the flair; I imagined us on stage, on a movie set, and I wanted to grab her and do things to her—make it all better like in the movies. But I knew she was off limits. I had broken our vows, committed adultery. 
All the world’s a stage—Shakespeare. It was Shakespeare. He was right. Yes, I know now that indeed all the world is a stage, a false portrayal of each moment—yes I believe it.  Moment by moment we carry on playing our roles—a life minus drama is a dead pulse. We’d all just collapse onto each other—wither away like dispensable weeds. 
Paw Bo is reaching for something. “Give me!” I think she is shouting. “No, no,” I say, gently. I try to move her hand down. She tears it away from me and resumes her posturing. I disgust her. She is stubborn just like Maggie. Don’t go, I told her. Please don’t return to that place. She went anyway, back to the Zimmermann home. It got her. Now, she is in a nowhere land, trapped inside herself, drowning in images and voices of Pia Zimmermann—all of it has seeped into her like an incarnated creature. And maybe it’s getting me too. “What happened?” I had asked. Her voice was shaky, soft. “She’s here now,” she mumbled, her words like a paranoid schizophrenic fearful the government had bugged her phone or that aliens had deposited receivers in her home and were waiting to invade. I can’t go near her. I love Maggie, but I can’t go near her. Already it is spreading. I feel it. Pia is here; she is invading our thoughts.
“Pia,” Paw Bo says, leaning over the side of the carriage. I stare at her in disbelief. “Pia, ”she repeats, smiling. Get her. She will fall over the side, crack her head open. Stop her. I drop the jar of pickles. It crashes to the ground. “Pia did it,” she says, pointing to the broken glass, the green liquid seeps outwards, slow, sinuously. I grab her tiny shoulders roughly, too roughly, and put her back upright. “No!” I shout. I never shout. But it’s what she said that has me rattled. Two ladies stare at me, reproachfully, shake their wobbling heads back and forth and then turn away. The young man comes to clean the floor. I apologize. He is silent, gets to the task right away, unaffected. I envy his indifference, his attention to detail, his small mind that allows him the detached numbness to ignore all external stimuli no matter how intriguing. I am a monster, I know. My mind is my enemy. It plays tricks on me. It is layered with trickery. Paw Bo is weeping now, her head bowed, pouting. “All broken,” she mumbles. I try to conjure up the right words. Patrons are staring at me, judging, waiting to move in for the kill. I consider what Annie might do: “Oh, you little faker you” she’d say and tickle her belly. 
Not me. I devour her sadness; 
I latch onto it as if it were a porthole to emotion. 
Do something! Move! 
I touch her dampened cheek; rub my hand up and down her tiny limbs. She glances up a bit, waiting for something or someone else. 
She knows I’m inept. She sees it. 
She reaches out to the store clerk, seeking normalcy, the store clerk who is done with his task, smiling at her. His eyes are bright and kind. “Are you okay, buddy?” the gangly store clerk is staring at me, full of youthful arrogance, brows furrowed, as if he is somehow bigger than me, wiser, smarter. Never mind my awards for detective work, years on the force, all my promotions. 
He knows something.
He knows.
I am a pseudo-father, husband, detective. I am barely living. 
I am sand in a sieve. 
“Yes, I’m fine.” I hear my voice but am not sure it’s me. 
Paw Bo is quiet, sucking her two front fingers. She only does that under extreme duress. She did it when we first brought her home from Thailand. She kept her fingers in her mouth so much that she never spoke. Eventually, she only did it before she fell asleep. 
“Let me help you with these,” he says. 
She sees it, the absence of purity.
I am devoid of devotion. 
She is confused, waiting.
Waiting…waiting for unconditional love.
I am a bloodsucker, ravaging, seeking some emotive passion before I vanish, before Pia Zimmermann returns and suckles the last bit of life out of me. Already her voice is etching itself into my head and maybe into Paw Bo’s head. 
And meanwhile, the storm is coming. I hear the rumbling, the steady unearthing tremble.
I lift Paw Bo out of the carriage and pull her into me. I am not surprised. I knew she was close. The knowing unsettles me, fastens to my psyche like a leech. I keep seeing the letters, black letters against a white plastic --Markel.  I freeze. My knees shake. Pia Zimmermann. He’s not real, I tell myself. He is a prop, a forewarning, a portent of disaster. 
I am doomed. 
“Dark, Daddy. Dark, Daddy.” Paw Bo is pointing, her tiny wet fingers aimed at the front window.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
“Smart little girl you got there. You must know about the tornado watch. No worries little one.”
“Oh, yes. We get lots of those.” So why am I shaking? Calm down. God Damn coward—I’m a coward. 
Po Baw stares, dazed, at a dark sky, as if she remembers her first home-- the tropical typhoon that stole her parents, her little friends, her teacher.
The storm is coming.
A tall girl with an overbite and acne is checking out our groceries. She is silent, shy, avoiding eye contact. 
“Me help!” Paw Bo reaches for a can of sliced pears. 
“No no.” I tell her. I feel normal when I say it. She draws me back to sanity. She starts to squirm as if she might get out of my arms. I lean down and let her grab the can. Her tiny fingers latch on. She holds it out to the girl with the acne. 
“Oh, sweet…thank you honey. She’s so cute. $45.00 please, Mr. Barnard.” 
How does she know my name? I look over to my left and see Markel staring at me. He is lurking, in front of the store, by the door; he is waiting for something to occur—maybe another broken item, maybe a tornado. An old couple has closed in behind me, holding hands as if they are holding each other up. I imagine when one dies the other will soon follow. Their leather skin is laden with moles and dark blotches. The man’s mouth never closes. He is hunched over and so shaky he is barely able to get the groceries onto the belt. The woman’s eyes are blue and searing. 
“What a darling little girl you have there. Are you helping your Daddy?” 
Paw Bo smiles at the couple, holds up a small can of corn, excitedly, as if her life depends on it. The can slips from her grip and falls back into the carriage. She stares down at it and pauses there as if she can will it to rise back up into her hand. 
“Oh no!” the lady laughs. Her voice cracks as if she doesn’t use it much. She is sweet, grandmother sweet. I start to feel an unfamiliar comfort from some past life, when my own grandmother gave me a can of coke, showed me how to tap trees for syrup. 
But it’s short lived.
Paw Bo points outside “Dark. Storm. Pia.” 
“Oh yes. You better get home now.” The old man’s voice is jarring, clear and confident, the voice of a young man unaware of any odd happenings, his own encroaching death, that this little girl uttered Pia’s name. 
Maybe they know. 
They hear her too. They are part of Pia’s world. 
The woman with the searing eyes nods her head in agreement. Her expression changes and her lips are pursed as if she has a secret, senses danger. 
“Say bye bye, Paw Bo.” I ache to get outside, to see it, touch it, hear it—as if I will have some control if I am immersed in it. 
I am weary of fear. 
I want to battle something.
I am weary. 
Once outside, surprisingly, the air is still. A mild breeze moves Paw Bo’s hair. The sky, too, is not quite as dark as it appeared in the tinted window. I slow my gait, calm. I try to forget that Paw Bo mentioned Pia. Maybe she heard me. She must have heard me use her name. That’s it. I’m thinking aloud again. I give her a tickle and she cuddles in to the crook of my neck. I sing row row row your boat---her favorite. A plastic grocery bag whips past me, shoots up into the air.
I startle, glued to the bag; it gains height. 
I see it then—the darker clouds in the east moving rapidly.
The plastic bag twists and turns, manic, buoyed, only to descend and land at Markel’s feet.
The boy stands in front of the store holding onto a carriage. 
I stare.
The boy stares back at me.  
I’m convinced he’s an omen. 
I feel it like a wrenching sickness that twists my insides.
And one more fear.
Maggie is in trouble.
 
***
PIA
I can see him now, moving towards the woods. 
Leaning forward, he is sopped in desperation. “She’s coming. I know she’s in there.” 
I want to tell him to stop, but some part of me feels it too, Pia— her presence. 
The wind whistles, moans.  
Once a dream did weave a shade…O’er my angel guarded bed…That an emmet lost its way…Where on grass methought I lay. 
I hear her. I hear her now. I don’t see her. 
The wind eddies at my feet. 
The sun is a canary yellow, jetties its last rays outward—spindly fingers groping, grasping.
I am not here. I will come for you soon. I will tell you what I know. Look to the sky an you will see the signs. See the clouds, brother. They speak in words no one knows.
 “Here she comes. She says she’s not. But I feel her. She likes to trick."
You know nothing, brother; you are weary, trapped in your small world. The storm is coming. It is big. It will destroy those who have turned away. It is a storm like no other. It is a storm like no other. No rain. No lightening. No wind. A different storm.
She is a silhouette on the edge of the woods. 
She is taller.
Light emanates off of her. 
She is here. 
“Markel, don’t get too close. Come back!” 
Maybe it’s a tree or a shadow. 
A blustery wind screams. My voice is lost. I watch him fall to his knees.
The woods are an altar, and Pia a halo around him, pulsating like a bright beam preparing to dim. 
I want to go home, return to a normalcy, my cat Charlie, Ron—no, not Ron. None of that is normal. He isn’t there anymore. He’s gone. Maurice. I love him. That’s all there is to it. He must love me too. I feel it now more than ever. I need him. Daddy loved Mommy, before she drowned. And then she did something bad and he called her a slut. Every time he said slut, I thought he said slug. I panicked, imagined a gigantic slug invaded Mommy’s body, the real Mommy. I was afraid to go to sleep. I imagined her coming into my room to suck my blood. One day I asked Mommy if she liked blood. “What does that mean?” she asked.  And then she laughed. After that, I wasn’t afraid. But then she drowned.
 “Markel!”  I walk towards my car parked on the edge of the woods and Markel and the light. At black and white cat follows me at my heels meowing loudly, pained. “What is it?” I bend down to pet it as if it might save me. 
“Watch it. He bites!” Markel screams. The boy stands a few feet away from me now. 
Maurice, where are you Maurice. I need you. You’re calling me. I hear you. I need to go, Markel. I need to go home. I need Maurice. I don’t say that. “Will you be okay?”
“I’m always okay,” he says, dazed. The cat lopes towards him. I see Markel pull the cat to him.  Go now. Get out. I reach for the door handle. A wind assaults my hair. Debris flies by. The trees bend, limbs crack. A black shelf forms overhead.
Markel is coming towards me, fast.
I freeze. 
He is holding the cat.
Something is different. 
It’s not the black and white one. It’s an orange one. “Where did you…?” My words trail off. “I need to go, Markel.” 
“Pia is here. My sister is close. The storm is coming. The storm is gaining speed.” He points to the sky. 
I don’t know what you mean. Pia is not here, Markel. It’s a storm, that’s all. Maybe you should come with me. Put down the cat.”
“Why? Why would I? She’s a sweet one, not like the other.”
“Something is wrong, that’s why. Where’s the black and white one?”
“What do you mean?”
“Markel, I don’t feel right. I need to go. Please don’t stay here alone. Come with me, away from here.”
“How could you even suggest I leave? Pia needs me here.”
Troubled wildered and forlorn…Dark, benighted, travel-worn…Over many a tangle spray…All heart-broke, I heard her say. “STOP! I grab at my head as if I can physically pull the lyrics out of it.
“Are you okay?” He’s near, touching my arm. His fingers are long and pale, groping like talons. The cat’s eyes are glowing. Brush blows past us. 
The cat hisses. Markel throws it to the ground, blood dripping from his ear. “He got me,” he says. His voice peals, piercing the air till the ground trembles.
***
Paw Bo
Paw Bo sits on the patchwork quilt, stiff, chubby feet jut in front, toes wiggle, swaying periodically as if her tiny body might fall over. 
Outside, the wind is gusting, mad wind, swirling brush, clattering Annie’s chimes. God damn chimes...I like my chimes, she had said. 
What is wrong with you anyway? 
What is wrong with me anyway? 
I know. 
I won’t tell.
It’s the dark sky, wind, ghosts. 
How do I say it? 
How do I say I see them out there hiding behind trees, peeking out thin luminescent shapes three, maybe four, maybe more. Memories are sharp, vivid, supplanted in my current state, replay like I am back in the past, in a moment:
Terror.
I am ten-years old, pedaling—manic.
The purple sky is horror--lurid, lecherous, licking my legs, face, arms.
The gusts of wind taunt.
Lilly! Help me please Lilly! 
I pretend.
I like it that way. 
Lilly—red-haired Lilly.
Lilly with green doleful eyes. 
Why are your eyes so doleful? I want to ask. But she’s gone.  
Then I consider maybe I remembered it wrong. 
Lilly is safe. Not now though. She’s gone and my legs are numb from the pedaling. 
Tornado, maybe one, two, maybe more …take immediate cover. The real thing, they said. No joking…cluster tornadoes in Cedar Hill. No joking.
Lilly is not real you jerk. You have no sister. 
The tornado is real. 
Weirdo they call me. 
Maggie. Something is amiss, Maggie. Can you hear me? Help me. I am not right. You can make me right. What did I know back then? I was only five or six when three tornadoes tore the roof off our neighbor’s home. Lilly help me, I screamed—but only in my head. She never came. No, she was getting sucked up in it. Lilly’s ears were turned off. I cowered in the closet under the staircase. And Ma had a couch cushion pressed against us. “Hold it there!” she yelled. The rough pattern scratched my nose. It smelled like mildew and sour milk and fear. Lilly is nowhere, swirling in a dark twirling mass, an abyss of nothingness. Ma is never scared. “Pop is at the store. Let’s pray for Pop,” Ma whispered  and her voice quivered. She held my face and her hands shook, smelled like onions.
Cluster tornadoes took five lives, two from the center of Cedar Hill—four year old Maize Burns and her older sister Lilly. She was not my older sister. I only pretended it. I hated God for bringing a storm that took my Lilly and my Pop...he never returned. “Pop died?” I asked and Ma sobbed, said no, of course not...pray for Poppy. Weeks went by and months and they still didn’t find him. And I didn’t ask. Then one time I did: “Pop died?” And Ma said “I suppose he did. Don’t mention him anymore.” Her face was stern, not sad. I found out later, saw his picture with his new family on the cover of a magazine at the Cedar Hill Market. He never died just the old one, the one I remember that read me Moby Dick “Call me Ishmael.”  The new one had two new kids and a new wife and a new house in San Francisco, a big house with a wrap-around porch and purple flowers hanging and columns overlooking the bay. He sent a post card: The bay smells delicious, he wrote. Miss you so much. I’m not delicious like the bay, I had thought. I’m just an idiot, a coward, a weirdo that imagines he has a sister named Lilly. He wasn’t part of me or Mom or Cedar Hill Tennessee anymore; he was rich and famous now. He quit his job, stayed home to be a writer …so maybe I’ll become famous too like Herman Melville and write a book like Moby Dick. That’s what I read in one of those postcards he sent me. One day, I took all ten of those post cards out to the woods behind our house. I dug out a hole with my bare hands. I was crying and muddy, digging like a rabid wolf, and it rained and rained on me. When I thought the hole was deep enough I put those shitty postcards inside, took out my green lighter and lit them on fire. I sat there until the very last ember was snuffed. Then I spit in the hole and covered the ashes up; I buried that bastard. Buried you bastard, I said in my head. That was that. So, I thought. But I couldn’t get over it, how he was going to be a famous author one day, how I might not even know it. I decided I needed to become famous first, before him. 
“I want to be an author,” I told Ma. 
“No you don’t. You got to make a living. No one is going to support you.” 
“I’ll be a bestselling author. I’ll be rich, support myself.” 
“Stop talking foolish,” she said. And she convinced me, because I didn’t have anyone else to convince me otherwise. So, I became a detective so I could solve crimes, with the one moral crime haunting, spurring me to action—the unsolvable—the disappearance of my Pop.
*** 
You are a disciple. A voice, some tangential thought pops into my head. Po Baw is sitting on her bottom, eating graham crackers, smiling. The top is mush. She stops chewing, glances over at me, knowingly. “Messy?” I say. She stares back and smiles more.
Disciple—you are one too. 
When did I hear it? 
At the brook, Salmon Brook. I’m with Lilly. She is standing next to me. “Can you skip a rock?” She smiles wide. I like her profile, the way her eyelashes curl and flutter. Her hair smells sweet like Gardenias; it is shiny, long and smooth I want to run my hands through it. She may yell at me. So, I don’t. I love you Lilly. I want to say it. I can’t. The words are stuck in my throat. She stares at something, a beam of light moving in the distance. 
“What is it?” 
“It’s for me… the messenger.” 
“Oh, sure,” I say. I think she’s teasing. “Are there salmon in here?” 
The beam of light gets closer. It’s hot and blinding. I think it’s the sun, a piece of the sun falling from the sky. 
“What is it?”
“I’m a disciple.” 
That’s what I hear. I try to remember the word disciple from catechism, the scriptures, the ten disciples, or eleven or twelve--John, Matthew, Luke, Peter, Bartholomew, Andrew…a few more…can’t recall. But there was never a girl. 
“Girls can’t be disciples.” I say. 
“I am. You will be too when she comes to you one day, Maurice.” 
“Lilly, you’re weird,” I say.
But I wonder. I watch. 
Lilly is in a trance, walking towards the sphere of light. She kneels down, raises her hands up, reaching upwards. It is Lilly but not Lilly. She collapses, and her hair splays out around her face, on the dusty ground.
Lilly is the disciple. 
But I don’t know what that means. 
Then she dies in the storm. Lilly is called and she returns, back to heaven. She is a sacrifice for us, for our sins. I don’t want to die. I miss Lilly, but I don’t want to die, I thought at the time. She said I was a disciple too. I don’t want to be a disciple ever.
That’s what I believed, back then.
***
“Storm Da Da,” and I see it—the blackness that had been forming in the sky converges overhead. 
Where there is good, evil lurks. The more pure and divine the good, the more powerful the evil. 
The air is still. 
Soon, she will come for you, too. 
But she is not here now. 
An ominous shape takes form, clops down the sidewalk outside. 
It is a tall dark man. 
That is what I see.
But he is no man. 
He is not human.
It is a thing, an evil interloper. 
He will harm those who try to stop him. 
He is Pia Zimmermann’s nemesis, Judas. He is dressed in a long trench coat. His face is long, hidden. I hear his heels clicking. He is gaining, getting closer. 
“More graham, Pa Pa. More graham crackers, Pa Pa”  
He will consume her, all good. 
I need to take her far away. She is not safe here. 
Thunder claps in the distance, pelting rain on the pavement; Paw Bo cries out, the chimes blare, the shoes click louder and louder.
I sit down on the blanket next to Paw Bo.
As if she can save us both.
“What is going on here, Maurice?” Annie demands. She is suddenly there, standing over us both like a sentinel. 
“It’s the storm. It has me on edge, that’s all.”
“What storm? The sky is clear, Maurice. I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
I look back outside the window, fearing what I suspect will be the truth, confirmation of my own madness projected outwards into the environment. But, no, Paw Bo, she saw it too. And Markel, the store clerk, he talked about it. So it is real. It has to be. The tall dark thing is gone. The sky is clear and blue with a few cirrus clouds snaking along. 
“Jesus Christ, Annie. I don’t know.”
“Don’t know what Maurice?”
She picks up Paw Bo, rocks her back and forth “Sh. Okay now, Mommy is here. Okay now.” 
“I’m fine, Annie. I’m fine.” I say it but I’m lying. There are no words for it. I won’t tell. “Let’s go for pizza. You want some pizza?” I tickle Paw Bo’s belly and she giggles and Annie smiles and I know the darkness, or whatever it was out there, is kept at bay—for the moment. 
***
The drive is silent. I sense Annie is afraid, maybe of me. I can tell in the way she is so silent. When we first met, she never stopped talking. Now, she is mostly reticent—wary.  
“I need to know what’s going on, Maurice.” 
“What do you mean?” I feel the words stick in my throat. I know there is something more I should say. 
But I can’t.
“Paw Bo needs stability. You know that, right?”
“Of course, I know. Yes, she needs a stable home.”
“You are too fearful lately. What’s scaring you? If you’re scared, she will be too.” 
“I don’t know what you mean. I am tired, that’s all. My job is stressful, Annie.”
“Okay, I understand. But you’ve been home with Paw Bo. You agreed to stay home to take care of her and work part time. But you haven’t returned to work at all. You need to get out more, take a break from Paw Bo. It’s best.” 
“What are you insinuating?” 
“Don’t get defensive. It’s just that, well, I need Paw Bo to be safe.”
“Are you saying I’m not safe?” I asked the question even though I knew the answer. Nothing was safe anymore. How could I tell her that I was hearing Pia Zimmermann in my head, seeing dark shapes, imagining a tornado from my childhood killing an imaginary sister? It was best not to say anything. Just say normal words, use a normal tone, one that Annie expected. “I’m fine, Annie. Really, I love being home with Paw Bo. We have a good time, right?” I turn to look at her and notice that her eyes are closed. “Look at that. She’s sound asleep.” When I turn back, a flash of lightening illuminates the sky. “Jesus, when will this storm begin?”
“What storm, Maurice?”
“You didn’t see that?”
“See what? Maurice, you need to tell me everything you’re seeing and hearing. I’m worried about you.”
“That I’m losing my mind, right? Well, of course. That’s what all you head doctors think. You just assume someone has gone mad. It’s easier that way. Let me tell you, I am perfectly sane. No one is locking me up!” I felt rage. The gall of this woman thinking she could diagnose me with all her fancy tricks. 
A deep pause of silence pounds the air inside the car; we wear it like a thick skin. 
Dark clouds return and block out the sun. The blue sky is gone. Bolts of lightning flash around us. 
“I don’t get it. That storm moved in pretty quickly.”
“Yes, I told you.”
“Listen, I’m sorry Maurice. It’s just that I feel as if you’re keeping something from me. I’m sure part of it has to do with Maggie. But, then again, sometimes, I just feel like I’m paranoid, imagining that you’re going to leave me. It’s exhausting, honestly.”
I heard it in her voice, the broken intonation, a deep sadness. It is more than I can handle. 
Another lightning bolt startles Paw Bo. Her eyes pop open. She screams. I imagine this is the one she used when she was buried underneath the rubble, the one that saved her. Some part of me loves the energy, a sacred cry, divinity spilling forth, crushing the evil that buried her, a warrior’s cry, self-preservation, someone once said “Call out God but row away from the rocks,”….that same scream drawing rescue workers to her.  
My brave Paw Bo. 
You are a fighter. 
I pick her up, cradle her. 
She’s mine.
You can’t own me. Pia told me. She is my savior.
****
Minnie White
Maura White didn’t give a damn who liked her. She slapped the hamburger, forming it in nice round balls, enjoying the feel of raw meat. She thought about Tony at these times, when she was forming the meat into neat balls, how he taught her to make sauce, meatballs, how he told her to trick to cooking meatballs just right is to cook them slowly, partially, not all the way until they are in the sauce. Minnie was there too, just like now, busying herself with a wooden spoon and an imaginary soup in a pan at her feet. “And this one…and salt…and then some of this one too…” Maura missed her son’s company, his cooking, the way he finished his shifts and couldn’t wait to come home and cook a nice hot meal. “No way, Ma, you did enough today taking care of Minnie,” he’d say. You sit down and I’ll do the cooking.” He got mad if she resisted. He had become accustomed to doing things for himself and for Minnie, after Trudy left him. “How could she do it?” he had said to Maura. She recalled that moment frequently-- his big brown eyes, wide, menacing, beholden of some unknown depth—her sweet baby boy looking up at her after he hurt his knee, or lost his favorite dog, or his best friend—those brown eyes never changed. No sir, thought Maura. But this time was different. He lost his heart, the woman who gave him his faith back. They even got married at Saint Thomas’s. And then one day, she told him she was going to see her brother in Chicago and she never returned. “I got it,” my poor Tony said to me, standing on the front step, rain pouring on him, papers in hand, eyes glazed and puffy from crying. “Come in. For God’s sake, get in here.” When Maura took the papers and started to read, she realized that the rain had smeared the wording.
 “Jesus, I can’t even read it now.”
“Divorce papers, that’s what they are Mother.”
His words stung. He never used the word mother before. When he was little she was Mommy. Then, suddenly, after middle school, it became Ma. But Maura had never heard her son refer to her as Mother. She didn’t like it one bit. It sounded impersonal…sterile. She knew then she had lost a part of her son.
“'Oh my children! Do they cry? Do they hear their father sigh? Now they look abroad to see. Now return and weep for me.” 
Minnie was singing a song Maura had never heard. It sounded like an old poem, or maybe a hymn. It was familiar. She had been singing this for a few days now and Maura ignored it, initially. But it started to crawl under her skin. Maybe it was the storm, or maybe it was the way she sang it. Something was off.
“Please, what is it doll? What is that song you keep singing?” 
Minnie looked up from her stirring. She pressed the wood stick up against her forehead, held it there, pressing, as if she were trying to hide behind it.”
“Darling, stop that. You’ll hurt yourself. Now tell me where you learned that song.”
“Stick Grammy. Stick, please!” she bellowed. Maura had taught her to say please. Maura couldn’t resist her now or ever when she made that Tony face— the way her nose scrunched up just like Daddy's when he was the sad or scared; the resemblance was uncanny. Even the freckle under her right eyebrow. Maura saw her son in these moments and then recalled it like yesterday, the breaking news, smells of meatloaf baking, the news reporter’s voice blaring out the speaker of her pink commodore radio: Young officer of Robertson county killed in the line of duty, Cool Spring Drive...the Zimmermann property. Gunshot wound to the head looks to be self-inflicted. The details as of yet are unclear. The mug’s weight was enormous. Maura’s legs wobbled as she walked over to Minnie—little Minnie on the couch, snuggled into her furry teddy bear blanket, waiting for Daddy, pink horses galloping across the screen with songs and merry children smiling and laughing. It was all over. Maura knew it was gone, that any semblance of the old life was no more for Minnie or for herself. First, she loses a mother and now...Maura couldn’t consider it. She knew like a mother knows. When the phone rang she rushed into the kitchen to retrieve it, put the cup down, missed the counter. The sound was calamitous. Broken shards littered the floor. I Love My Grammy shattered. Broken pieces gleamed.
Maura shrieked. 
Minnie crawled over to her. 
“Boo-Boo, Grammy?”
*** 
She lost him. But she had lost him even before he died. After his wife left him, he disappeared; it was her fault—it was as if that lady ripped out his soul. As if he hadn’t suffered enough. One more was too much for him. It began with the Donahue boy, little Bernie Donahue with the big blue eyes, who was shot straight up into the air by Sal Bancroft’s black Mercedes Benz. It wasn’t his fault, exactly. He had a couple rums in him, but not enough to be legally drunk. It was the torrent of rain and wind pounding down on his car that took him by surprise. “I was pulling over. God damn it. Sandy is always telling me to pull over when it’s bad like this. I was pulling over. Jesus, the one time I take her advice. I was just pulling over to the side of the road.” He had pleaded. As if there were no other words to define the moment. Sandy left him shortly after and Sal Bancroft moved away. Neighbors exchanged somber utterances long after the incident. All of it changed the neighborhood irreparably. It was as if Hillside Avenue had been tainted, cursed. Bad things started happening from that day forward, the day little Bernie Donahue died on Hillside Avenue. Tony felt guilty too. I remember plain as day the way he broke down, admitted that he told Bernie to get out, that he didn’t feel good. “I just wanted him gone. I don’t know why. I didn’t want him to sleep over. Why did I do that? I made him leave in a storm. I hated him. He said Janis was going to call him. He knew I liked Janis. He knew it. I hated him.” Poor Tony…he never forgave himself. 
Yet, Maura White was a stringent woman, never accepted it; the idea that her obedient boy, raised with the Sacraments, an altar boy no less, the same one who read scriptures and memorized hymns, could commit a mortal sin was incomprehensible. So she decided, despite the coroner’s report that listed his death as a suicide, that Tony was forced, somehow, to put that gun to his head and fire. Some abhorrence of evil was in the woods that day and took her boy’s life—but not his soul. 
***
Maura watches them sizzle—balls of meat, perfectly round and browned just the way Tony liked them. 
Minnie was spinning now, round and round, singing the lyrics:  "Oh my children! Do they cry? Do they hear their father sigh? Now they look abroad to see. Now return and weep for me."
Minnie, darling, tell me, where did you hear that?” Maura grabs her arm to get her attention. She's too young to be singing that, she decides.
 The small girl pulls away from her grandmother and repeats it, louder:  “Oh my children! Do they cry? Do they hear their father sigh? Now they look abroad to see… Now return and weep for me.”  
"Young lady, I asked you a question." 
Maura felt an odd sense of foreboding, even before the grease caught fire and her granddaughter responds.
"I don’t know, Grammy. I don’t know. It is in my head. I hear it."
“What do you mean in your head? “ 
Smoke billows out of the pan.
“Lord! What the heck is going on here?” 
The woman grabs a mitt and takes the pan off the burner, covering it with the top of the pan. 
Not this time, she gloats. Not this time. Ha! 
Minnie stops spinning, glances over at the woman with smoke languishing about her like ribbons of sadness. 
“Grammy, you okay?”
“Grammy is just fine.” 
Maura salvages the meatballs, forgets about the song, concluding Minnie must have heard it at church or even preschool. It sounded like an older style poem she’d heard herself before but it was becoming increasingly harder to retrieve a memory. At least it’s not cussing. She chuckles to herself, breaking into a coughing jag. Minnie pauses, stares up at Grammy, returns to her pots and pans and stirring; an old tired tabby saunters in and flops itself down next to Minnie, in the center of the kitchen. 
Maura looks on, menacingly.
“You stay out of my way, cat.”
“Let him stay, Grammy. I love Patches.”
“You keep him far away from Grammy. You know how that cat makes me wheezy, right?”
“I know. I know, Grammy. But I love Patches.” 
She reached out her pudgy fingers and ran them through his fur. The fat listless cat rolled onto its side and purred, loudly. 
“Gross old fat thing,” the woman jeers and then turns back to her meatballs. “These are perfection, honey pie. We are going to feast tonight.”
Minnie hears the bad words her Grammy uses. She knows the words are bad. She isn't hungry for anything now; instead, she feels a sadness and something else, anger. She doesn't like the anger part because it gets her in trouble. One time she yelled at Grammy and she had to stay in her room all day until it was dark outside. She didn’t get any food. Her stomach hurt all the way until the next day. 
She lies on the ground next to Patches, stretching her legs out and meows.
“When is Daddy coming home, Grammy? I want my Daddy.”
“Why would you ask me that question? How could you say such a thing?”
She felt it then, her psyche careening out of control, the urge to take a swing at her, the way she was hit as a child; she even imagined it, the feel of her hand across Minnie’s soft flesh, and how it might look afterwards— raw and marring. 
“What do you mean by that?”
“I love my Daddy. I want to see him, Grammy. Patches says he’s next to me.”
“That is a God damn cat. A cat does not talk. How many times do I have to tell you that? It’s unhealthy. You need some friends, real friends. Honestly, I think I might need to find that thing a new home.”
“No! I’m sorry. Okay, I’m sorry. Please Grammy don’t take Patches! Please don’t take my Patches!”
“Oh for God’s sake Minnie, stop you’re fussing. Just get off the floor and let’s go have some dinner. Our meatballs will get cold. You don’t want Grammy’s meatballs to get cold do you? Daddy loved meatballs, you know. He hated when they got cold.”
Minnie follows behind her grandmother, hesitantly, holding Patches against her chest, her face buried in his orange fur. “I love you Patches,” she whispers, worried he may have heard what her Grammy said and that maybe his feelings were hurt. Grammy is mean sometimes. Daddy was never mean until Mommy left. And then he yelled and then cried and said he was sorry all the time. 
“Why are those two seats there?” Minnie pointed to the two empty seats.
“Oh, for God’s sake, Minnie.” 
Lightening flashes outside, once, twice, and then again. The bellow of thunder follows—it strikes hard, shakes the ground beneath them.
“Feel it, Grammy? Did you feel that?”
Patches seeks out the adult for reassurance; he rubs up against Maura’s legs, weaving in and out, and Maura White reaches down to shoo him away. She grabs at his fur. He hisses and growls. She mistakenly put her hands to her nose to sneeze. A minute later, she feels her chest wheeze and her eyes burn.
 “Get your cat, Minnie. Grammy is not feeling so well right now. Get that damn cat!”
“Just a storm, Grammy,” Minnie holds a meatball up to her mouth. Daddy showed her how to bite the meatball right off the fork. “Just like that,” he had said. And Grammy laughed. “Look at me, Grammy--just like that.” And she chomps down on the ball just as another flash lights up the dining room. The tiffany light above them rattles and sways. 
“Lord, give me the strength to protect this little girl,” 
Maura prays under her breath. 
Her chest tightens. 
The cat moans in the distance. 
The lights flicker on and off. 
Minnie screams.
Maura White falls to the ground.
***
` Paw Bo
 “I’ve never seen her eat this much pizza." Annie takes her glasses off, sips a glass of Merlot. 
She is calm now, Maurice notices. 
The restaurant is dimly lit with oversized terra cotta planters and a white marble fountain in the center. 
“Fishy…I want to see fishy!” 
“After pizza, lovey. Eat your pizza first. Drink your milk too like a good girl.” 
Annie ran her fingers through her hair, adoringly. 
I watch. I felt it then, a forlorn sense of loss ruminating. 
“I love you Annie,” I whisper to her.  She looks at me, seductive, alluring. She gives me that look, the one before everything happened, before the Zimmermann’s, before Maggie Lawrence, before all of it. Even before Paw Bo. I am inept. It is not her fault.
 She locks onto me. 
But I’m distracted. 
I see beyond her gaze, beyond the booth, over to the other side of the restaurant.
“What is it?” I hear her say.
I see a man and woman, touching each other with adoration. It is more than that. She has dark hair, dark wavy hair. 
Maggie. 
I think it’s her and so I keep watching. Annie is singing a song with Paw Bo and I pretend to listen. But I can’t take my eyes off the lady sitting with someone who might be her husband except his figure is too diminutive, too undeveloped to be a grown man. He has dark blonde hair, long like a teenager or young adult. He flips it every so often to the side.
“Where did you hear that song?” Annie is asking Paw Bo now. 
It’s the old song, the one she has been singing. I should listen, but I’m not interested anymore. 
I focus on the two people—one I’m convinced is Maggie and the other—I’m not sure. It’s not Ron. That should be reassuring. But it’s not. I decide, for sure, it is someone I know. 
“Maurice, damn it, look at me.  I’m asking you a question.” 
Annie is irritated. She looks at me, knowingly. 
“I’m sorry. I think I see someone I know that’s all.”
“Who might that be? Who could be more important than me and your daughter right now?”
Her eyes see inside me.  I am hypnotized by her gaze. She has me. 
My family—they are mine.
I am part of them. 
We are one flesh.
I try to imagine how it used to be, to relive that moment with my wife. 
She’s my wife.
Most men like to say that—my wife.
I hold her hand in mine. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” 
The waitress returns with another glass of wine for Annie. She places it down, clumsily, a bit spills out onto the table.
The spill—it pools like a droplet of blood next to her plate. 
The server is jittery, apologetic, cute and young.
I notice a tip of a tattoo underneath her white blouse. I try to imagine the symbol—an ivy plant encircling shapes and words in the middle. 
“Oh, my gosh. I am so sorry. Let me get that for you.” 
Her soft arm bumps Paw Bo’s milk. 
Her skin is the color of milk-- pure, creamy.
The silence is palpable. 
I watch the milk seep forward, creeping to the edge of the table.
 “Get a napkin!” I hear it.
But I’m distracted again.
The woman across the restaurant is standing now.
The woman walks towards me.
I know it is Maggie. I can tell by her mannerisms, the way she moves her hair out of her eyes, her gait, everything about her. 
I think she sees me.
No, please not now. 
“Get it, Maurice!” I hear again. 
She is only a few tables away. She is walking towards us.
 “Milk! Milk!”  Paw Bo screams.
I wonder what I’ll say to her. What does she want from me? I need to get out. I’ll say I have to use the bathroom. I can’t stay here. I can’t do it. 
“Milk!” Paw Bo shouts again. 
Just as I ready myself, she turns, heads toward the exit.
 Thank God, I mutter under my breath. 
“What is wrong with you, Maurice? For God’s sake, you let the milk spill all over our daughter.” 
“I’m so sorry. It’s just…I can’t really explain. I’m feeling awful now.”
 I reach for a napkin.
 Now the boy stands too. He turns. I see his face and remember. I freeze.
 “We have to go. I don’t feel well.”
“Milk on me! Milk on me!” Paw screeches. 
Now, she is crying. None of it matters. I can’t help her. I can’t help anyone. 
I only know I have to get out before I’m sucked back into the nightmare. 
I can’t go back. I can’t. 
I watch as if I’m standing outside myself: Annie’s disgusted face, dabbing Paw Bo with a napkin, digging into her wallet for cash, flagging down the server, handing her the money. We have to leave…emergency. 
Now Annie is walking out with Paw Bo on her hip….and me, or someone that is me, an imposter, a physical entity, stands, looks one more time at Markel. 
Go to the car. Go and get your family. 
I am moving, slowly, addled, as if the air is holding me back. 
Go, go! 
And then I hear it, the voice behind me… “Maurice? Oh my God. Is that you?”
Pitying I dropped a tear…But I saw a glow-worm near…Who replied, What wailing wight…Calls the watchman of the night? 
 
Minnie White
No, it’s too dark. I can’t see. I can’t see you, Minnie. Is that you? Grammy can’t see you. Walk over to me. Over here darling…come now. Please. I can’t see.” 
The old woman feels the ache in her chest, the pressure, the suffocating magnitude of a heart that’s stretched to capacity. 
“I can’t breathe, Minnie.”  
“Grammy dying?”  
Minnie grabs her Grammy’s shirt and tugs.
“No, no, please stop. Please stay here now.” 
The dying woman clutches the child in her arms as if she might reverse what was happening, make it all go away. 
The lights flicker again and she sees Minnie’s face, the small pouting lips, eyes mad with fear and confusion—Tony’s eyes, and someone else…another person she doesn't recognize starts to form around her cheeks as if she is evolving into a new person. I’m hallucinating, this is what happens. 
It’s over. My time is up. 
Maura listed.
She went down slow, breathless. 
“It’s okay sweetie. You go to the phone. You call 911. Grammy needs to sleep now. Grammy is tired, that’s all. It’s okay.” 
She hears Minnie gasp, the sobs, her warm breath, her hand on her cheek. So hot, so alive, she thinks. 
The lights blink.
The old lady opens her eyes, expecting to catch one more look at Minnie, her beautiful little Minnie.
 But instead it's the other face, the one she thought she recognized from a dream…somewhere. A pretty girl…peaceful…sad…dressed in blue, satin blue…wings…an angel. 
She’s come for me. 
“No Grammy!” 
The small wail is lost in muffled air ripe with death.
 
*** 
 “Pitying, I dropped a tear…But I saw glow worm near…Who replied…What wailing wight…Calls the watchman of the night?”
“She keeps repeating that. Not sure what the heck it means. Must be some poem her grandmother taught her. Shitty luck, huh? First, she loses her Mom, then her Dad and now this? Jesus, makes you appreciate what you have, you know?” 
Donald Sumner was not always so empathetic but something about this little girl when they found her—clutching her grandmother’s hand, repeating some strange poem, enunciating perfectly. 
“We called the mother—left a few messages. I’m not sure why she’s not responding. Such a cute kid…can’t imagine leaving like that." Abigail has one hand in the little girl’s hair smoothing it down. 
She knew. She had three girls herself, one about this one’s age. 
“Mommy didn’t leave me. She’s gone to the other side.”
“What do you mean, sweetie?”
“She’s taken the wrong path and now she’s on the dark side.”
Abigail feels a chill forming at the base of her spine, moving upward to the top of her head. 
Minnie swings her legs back and forth, tucks her small hands underneath her lap. 
“Is her mother dead?” She whispers to Donald.
Donald adjusts his belt, brushes the dandruff off his shoulder, unaffected. 
“Why do you say that?”
“Well, she said her mother is on the dark side? What the hell does that mean?”
“She was reciting all that poetry shit. Sounds to me like she’s thinking about it all in some abstract way, you know?”
“I guess. I mean, she is kind of young. She’s been through quite a bit too. Has she seen her mother since Tony died?”
“I doubt it. She was damn whore that woman. I hear she moved to Alaska with her new boyfriend. She didn’t want anything to do with Tony or her daughter. Tony was so ruined when she left. I know that much. He talked a few times about ending it all. I mean, I didn’t think he would actually do it. He loved that little girl too damn much. Still can’t see how he did it.”
“Did what?”
“Shot himself in the head. You must know what happened at the Zimmermann property, right?”
I know some of it. I never did get the full story though. I know Braxton was eaten by some rabid animals—squirrels—something like that. And that’s about all I know.”
“Mommy is not dead. That’s not what I said. You didn’t hear me well.”
Abigail glances over at Donald for assistance, affirmation, something---and then back to the girl. She is stymied by this little girl. And something about her seems  impenetrable, ambiguous, as if her gender is undefined and she is an imposter, an alien planted in Minnie White’s body. The idea of it made Abigail tremble with an overwhelming panic, fear that she is losing her mind. 
“Okay, sweetie, we are doing our best to get in touch with your Mommy.”
“I know that. You said it already. But Grammy is dead. She’s never coming back again.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Pia took her.”
“Pia? Who is Pia, Minnie?”
“Pia is a savior don’t you know that?”
“No, I don’t know that.” 
Abigail turns to Donald. He is suddenly alert, eyes popped as if he heard something of interest. 
“Hm. That’s odd.”
“What’s odd?  What’s going on Donald?” Abigail's throat tightens, her saliva dries up.
“Well, it’s just that the incident took place on Pia Zimmermann’s property. She was found guilty but got off by reason of insanity and she’s been at the Tennessee Mental Health Facility for the past three years or so.”
“Jesus, Donald. That’s kind of weird, huh?”
“Okay, let’s not get all crazy, Abby.  She’s just a kid, remember, who lost all the adults in her life. 
“How would she even know Pia? I’m sorry Donald it just isn’t making sense.”
Minnie stands, looks upwards as if someone is there and begins whispering indecipherable words
“Enough. You hear me? Pull it together. You’re making her worse.” 
Donald tries hard to keep the edge out of his own voice, imagines the feel of an ice cold beer running down his throat, the peacefulness afterwards. 
It was six months to the day of his sobriety. He promised his wife, his family. But they just didn’t get it, how he had to handle so much stress. What did any of them know? He felt himself becoming unhinged. First his buddy offs himself and now this. It was like he was back in a war zone. He could feel it, the way the little girl was becoming lost inside herself. He’d seen it before, the post-traumatic stress, how it crept up into a person’s life and stole their mind. He experienced it firsthand, after he came home from Iraq. He saw the images night after the night, the blood and dismemberments, the small faces peering up at him after he’d shot their parents. It was all about the mission. Casualties were expected. But no one prepared you for the mental anguish afterwards. Drinking was the only solace. Not even Tammy, his beautiful dark-eyed Tammy with her jarring smile and inviting arms, not even she could quell the pain. He retreated inside himself. Leaving the home became unbearable. The sounds of daily life, the cars, the horns, the sirens—all of it felt like an assault and made him shudder. Eventually, he couldn’t step outside. He’d start drinking at noon and continue until he passed out. Tammy would find him in a fetal position on the floor or in the closet. Some part of him could hear her sobbing and yelling but most of it was lost in a foggy delirium. Then one day she said “I’m leaving you, Donald, unless you get help.” These words reverberated deep inside him, penetrated his psyche, compelled him to walk to the car and drive the 45 miles with her to the Institute of Living where he’d remain for three months, sober up, receive medications and therapy; he learned how to cook, he played checkers, chess, cards, and he healed. After he was released, he chose a job that was closest to his previous job—he became a police officer. He wanted to protect. He made a vow that no matter what he’d never take the life of another civilian. 
“I’m looking for Margaret Lawrence. This is Sergeant Sumner—Donald Sumner.”
***
Paw Bo
I see her now. I recall a time when we are in bed, she is sweaty, her eyes are closed, mouth slightly parted, sounds of pleasure. We are embraced—arms, legs, fingers. We are one. 
“Maggie… it is you.”
“I’m sorry. I have to take this. Please don’t leave.” 
No, not now, please, let me have you.
I watch her reach for her phone, put it to her hear. 
Paw Bo—I think of her now looking for me, calling out to me, sucking her fingers, wondering if she will ever see me again. I am the only thing that is real to her. She must imagine people disappearing after her trauma, seeing the blood, little heads crushed--the horror. She cried for Ma for three months. “The good news is that Paw Bo is an intelligent little girl and that means she will adapt much better.” That’s what the woman said, the caseworker; she had a low cut blouse—teal colored, and she smelled like a mix of musk and sweet lilacs. I wanted to kiss her chest and move my mouth downwards to her breasts. They were perfect, just peeking out in subtle ways, not bulging. She had a silver charm bracelet that jingled every time she moved. I was entranced. “What’s wrong with you?” Annie nudged me back into reality. She always did that, forced back to the world of bondage, of responsibility. No, of course the caseworker was not interested in me, nor would she ever consider my advances. Yet, she did possess that lingering gaze, that demure smile, a sort of taunting that young girls adopt when they are intrigued or desirous or both. “So, I want you two to know that I am your caseworker and anything you need, you contact me immediately. I will be visiting your home periodically to make sure everything is okay.”  I felt a sick pleasure in the words, considering maybe I had a chance, maybe we could feed off each other for a moment without anyone finding out. I was adopting a small abandoned child from another country and all I could think about was the feel of the caseworker’s flesh against mine, pressing, the heat, the passion. 
I feel it now, in Maggie. I am numb, addled by my own lust. I move from one moment to the next without any regard for accountability as if I were privy to a dire prediction, the end of the world. I am revolting. My actions click like the second hand of a clock, devoid of any emotion or attachment. I am lured by flesh and passion, a primitive baseness—that is me.
“I don’t think I can make it now.”
I watch her face turn pale, ashen. I know now she has a foreboding, a residual fear that has latched onto her, making her feel as if she were controlled by some external force. 
“What is it?” I ask her. My voice is distant, foreign.
“I don’t know. I think that I have to go and help out with a case. It’s a little girl, Minnie White.”
“You mean Anthony White’s daughter--the police officer who shot himself on the Zimmermann’s property?”
“Yes—her grandmother just died—heart attack. She is alone. They can’t get a hold of the mother. Horrible situation and now I need to go. Markel is here. I don’t know what to do. Please could you take him home with you? I don’t want him going back home. We…well, he, had an odd experience. I don’t think he’s stable right now. Anything is possible with him.”
"Maggie, God, I don’t know. I don’t know. I mean… I want to help, but he doesn’t even remember me does he? What will I do with him?”
“Please, Maurice. Do it for me. It’s important. If you don’t take him, he’ll go back home. He can’t do that. Not now.”
“I have Annie, Maggie. I have Annie and my daughter, Paw Bo. There out in the car waiting.”
I recall the caseworker, Lara, the way she held Paw Bo, how I felt a shrill of excitement, the way she put Paw Bo in my arms and I wanted them both, badly. But I could only have one. So I embraced her, put her cheek up against mine, cried at the softness, the naiveté, the subtlety of vulnerability pressed up against me in a raw sort of intimacy. 
And now, Maggie, staring—and her eyes are dark, despairing, greedy for me like stones--solid, impenetrable, rock hard. I couldn’t say no.
“Okay, I’ll take him.” My words float forward like chorus of cicadas after a long hiatus, erupting from the ground, ready for action—a bold pronouncement of arrival. 
We are here. 
***
Margaret Lawrence
 
Maggie clutches the wheel. When did the sun set, she wonders. The road is infested with potholes that send her body lurching forward. “Damn it,” she shouts. She feels the sharp ache in her shoulder, the same one where she sustained the injury on Cool Spring Drive, that day two years ago, that day when the squirrel tore at her. Maurice. He isn’t well. He’s thinner too. He doesn’t want me, she decides, he has settled on his wife and baby. She saw it in the way he looked at her, that aloof air, the indifference, as if he were disappointed to see her. How could it be? He said he loved me.. Rain pelts the roof of the car. Maurice is not yours. He is gone—just like Mommy. 
That last night… 
Daddy put the marinade on the steak, brushes it on in broad strokes; the bottle is a dark rich color, rich with syrupy darkness oozing.
The brush moves back and forth. 
Daddy is an artist. 
A swim might be nice. 
A swim, eh?
Where’s my little angel anyway? Where is she?
I’m here Mommy. Right here behind the French doors spying.
Mommy leans over the railing—pretty Mommy’s hair blows.
The waves are rushing sounds in and out.
The blue night, the moon is so big.  I think I can touch it.
 Look at that moon, darling, it’s beckoning to me. 
Beckoning, I repeat under my breath. 
Mommy swings her hair back, long black hair. 
Daddy closes the big black cover. 
Smoke seeps out on the sides. 
I see orange flames inside, hear the sizzling.
You smell good. He grabs her. 
Mommy arches back, sighs. 
Daddy moves his hand in her hair like a comb. 
Oh, you smell so good. 
She takes off her blouse and then steps out of her shorts. 
Her toes are pointed like a ballerina. She is delicate. 
I point my toes too.
I want to be just like her. 
Mommy is naked.
Daddy slides down his shorts. 
I cover my eyes. I don’t want to see him.
I peek. I have to peek.
I see him. I see him take Mommy’s legs around him.
He pushes her up against the railing.
 He moves against her, rocking.
I think I see his bottom. 
I keep my hands over my face. 
I don’t want to see.
I want to see.
I do love you. I promise. Forgive me.
Why is she sorry?
Why is she sorry?
It’s over.
He lifts the cover. Smoke comes out, mad, swirling smoke.
Midnight swim!  Lovey where are you? Come lovely. 
She calls me lovey not him. 
I have no suit and I’m afraid to be naked. 
But I see her running away and I want to be with Mommy, so I take off my shirt and shorts. I run outside. Cool air on my skin. Smoke burns my nose. Mommy is already down there, I see her going in—first her legs, then, body, then a dive.
 Mommy is gone. 
Daddy watches. 
Where is she? 
 Get to bed.” 
Mommy said I could.
She did no such thing.
She called me. I heard her.
He hits me hard and both my feet come off the ground. 
He hits me again and again until my bottom is numb.
I pull away and run, fast, back to the house, my feet slipping in the sand. My face is hot, blushed, I am not sad. I am mad. I want to kill him. I hate my Daddy. He is bad. I stand inside the living room, behind the French doors. I see my breath fog the glass and when I wipe it, I see him standing there. I wonder why he doesn’t go in the water. I watch and wait. My belly moves in and out because I’m so angry I can barely breathe right. I couldn’t save Mommy.
A pothole jars her back.
Maggie is frantic, struggles to see, eyes blurring over with tears.
He killed her. He killed Mommy. She feels the swerve of the car, the headlights in front of her, decides it is true, that the will to live is strong but not as powerful as the will to die. 
She succumbs to the crash, allows herself to splinter, break into pieces, punctured by metal shards, burned by the heat; she feels the coolness run down her cheek, down her arms, blood, oil, fluids, indelible marks which she decides are symbols of impending death; and then lastly a voice, a small voice, a whisper, but clear and concise—
“You are my disciple. Follow me.” 
She recognizes it well. 
It is the girl peering out from behind the French doors.
The one who ran after Mommy to try to save her.
 
Minnie White
A week later the call—Minnie’s foster family. 
“Thank God for Minnie. That child has been through so much…thank God,” Abigail says.
Donald looks on, dazed, beaten down, hung over from his latest binge. 
After getting the news about Margaret Lawrence, he couldn’t bear it anymore, the last straw. He walked the three blocks to Sully’s and ordered a Heineken in a frosted mug. He stayed until closing and barely made it home. When Tammy found him the next morning, on the front lawn, she told him to leave. “Get the fuck out,” was how she said it. He got a room at Advantage Motel, 5 miles up the road, but walking distance to the nearest bar. 
“How’d you find them?”
“I found them through a friend of a friend. They live in Connecticut. And with Maggie in a coma, her mother in Alaska or God knows where, there is no one else that can help her right now. 
***
I don't want to go to Connecticut. Pia wants to save me. I don’t want you to save me. The man is tall like timber tall. He is blue like Daddy. Daddy always wore blue. He had a gun on his waist. Let me shoot it Daddy. Please let me. Daddy yelled. Red faced Daddy was sad all the time after Mommy left. I don’t know Mommy. I don’t know her anymore. Pia said she will save me. What does save mean? I don’t want to die like Daddy and Grammy. I want to stay here. I want to be alive.
 
Letters from Connecticut
Victoria,
It has been too long. I’m so sorry we lost touch. I’m so sorry. I can't even recall why we stopped talking. But I have so much to tell you. First, I have a little girl. Her name is Minnie White. And second, I’m married to a man who has evolved into a monster. Let me start from the beginning. He wasn’t always like that. He used to be a great husband until he lost his job and became a drunk. And when he held our new foster baby, he was so emotional about it all. And for some reason, it disgusted me. Man up, I wanted to say. Minnie came to us unexpectedly. But she came at a time when he was so vile, so cruel to me. We had two more before her. Fostering kids brought in an income. I convinced him, and he agreed to try it. I thought it might rekindle something, a passion, a time before he lost his job and I could get around without hobbling. That’s the next thing. I am pretty much crippled right now. Remember how I worked at Pet Supplies? Well, I was walking home, sun setting, twilight (weirdest time for me, remember?) and I got to the center of town, almost home, and I missed a step and rolled, literally, down four flights of stairs and landed hard. I couldn’t move for a few months. He visited every night. The good husband. Oh, sure. He wouldn’t sleep there though, said it was too risky, that hospitals were breeding grounds for bacteria and if I get sick, he had said, who is going to pay the bills? Still, he drove the twenty miles to St. Raphael’s Hospital every day after work; and he fed me dinner, read to me, sang to me, holding my hands the whole time. He was devoted, what any wife might desire. But Victoria it all changed drastically when he lost his job. They fired him just like that, after twenty-five years as a Senior Actuary making six figures. He never told me why. But then I bumped into Dexter Rowland, one of his coworkers, at the corner store, and he said “Sorry to hear what happened. You know I always trusted him. You tell him I said that, okay?” He tried to find more work. Weeks went by. Initially he had three interviews in one week, and then they became few and far between. One interview after another devoured his soul until all that was left was piece of what I married, just a morsel. No sex, no hugs, no kind words. He muttered profanity under his breath. He stopped biking, gardening, reading, bathing. He watched television all day and never moved from the couch. At first it was a joke and we’d both laugh about how he was becoming a couch potato. But then it wasn’t funny anymore. 
And the day he said ‘You barren bitch—look at you. You think you’re better than me don’t you?’ I was coming down the stairs, feeling good, wearing my green dress. I wanted to surprise him, take him out to dinner, convince him we could foster children. 
We barely spoke after that. It was the pivotal moment, when everything changed irreparably for us. It could have been a stranger sitting on my couch that day, and those days thereafter. The next time I spoke to him, I begged him to try fostering kids. He never responded, so I took it as a yes. All I needed was his signature, really. I never expected him to be an actual father. 
It didn’t work out for us. It was horrific. I had no idea. First was Ralph, short little Ralph with the red hair and freckles, who spit at me and threw a rock at my head. I had to get eight staples. I hate you, he chanted repeatedly when I came home bandaged up. We sent him back. The monster was drinking more and more. Each night he’d drink one more than the previous night. Still, I tried again and got Dennis with the curly mop of hair. Dennis laughed at everything. Dennis loved curly fries and seemed fine until he tried to jump out of the car on the freeway. No more. I don’t want any more of these freaks. That’s what He said, slurring his words, on his third bourbon. But then my best friend told me about Abigail and a little girl named Minnie White. She begged me to help her. I showed the picture to him of Minnie White. He was drunk when I showed him, but not too drunk. Tiny Minnie White was a temptation he couldn’t resist. And he agreed. We moved—to a small white cape, (you’d love it Victoria) built circa 1857. And that’s when he said it. He told me to clean up the fucking attic or he’d burn it down, I went up there, with Minnie, and I found these letters. They were inside an old hatbox and tied with a red satin bow. Imagine?  I’ve lost a husband, Victoria. But the letters have become my life force, the bane of my existence. I fell in love with Benjamin Wright from the first letter. By the last, I was too afraid to fall asleep. We want to come and visit soon! Please write back or call or text. I included my contact information. I'm mailing this today. He said he’d mail it. 
 
***
September 9th, 1933
Dear Tina
I feel as though my world has shrunk in grand proportions. I must find a way back to you somehow. I miss Ranger horribly and imagine him growing, breathing, laughing without me to witness it. I tried to broil fish today and almost burned down the apartment. I ate nothing. I’ve decided I’d rather starve than go without my family. Forgive me. I tried praying, but even the Lord is no solace right now. Did he lose that tooth yet? I can’t even write to him. I am too sad and fear what I might say could be detrimental to him. Please give him my love.
Benjamin.
***
September 3,  2012
 
Victoria,
I haven't heard from you yet. He said he’d mail the letter. He probably threw it out. I have no computer or phone. He said we can't afford those luxuries. I could try to get to the library, but I'd have to take the city bus and walk the five miles for the bus stop. I’m so horribly cold. I loathe this frigid damp weather. Minnie is always shivering. I think she is cold and afraid. He won’t let us turn up the heat. If he finds out I did, he said he will break my bones. I know it’s the alcohol. Granted, he has always been a tad bit moody, but the drinking makes him unbearable. Poor little Minnie is tiny and unaccustomed to this cold. I want to go home. She chants repeatedly. She has found a moving box and sits inside it. I can’t get her out so I place her meals in there. He is no help at all. When I told him about it, he grunted, said I was a dim wit but then laughed. He has a strange maniacal laugh lately. Honestly, he scares me. I think he moved us out here to keep us from escaping. No buses, no money for taxies. We are so isolated. I'll try to get this mailed soon.
***
September 30, 2012
Hi sissy,
I wish I could leave right now. But my back is healing, and I just can’t make it to the bus stop. He is in a slightly better mood and promised to mail this to you. He is at an interview and Minnie is busying herself with her baby doll. I think I will read another letter. I like to write to you every day. It makes me feel better like you’re right here, next to me. This might just be a book by the time I’m done. 
Hugs from sissy
***
September 28, 1933
Dear Tina:
I was thought of you today. I think about you every moment. I wonder if Ranger received his card from me. Did he? And the roses I sent you. I imagine you, holding them up to your nose, eyes halfway closed, and sensuous beauty. You are like a rose to me. Forgive my triteness. I am adrift, a lone man with a lack of meaning. Please write back. I am drowning in sorrow. I can’t work, concentrate, I am too full of melancholy. 
Benjamin
***
October 10, 2012
Sissy, 
7:00 pm. Missy is sound asleep, small red lips parted, laying across my lap in bed...her hair smells like berries, the smell wafts upwards (love it!); she is wearing a white frilly nightgown with tiny daisies (like we used to wear) and it rides up her stomach. She has an outie button too!  Oh, I love her to death. She is you. She is me. The smell, the touch, it is us. I see us in her. I remember so well now, the feel of softness, sheets, your warm hand on my side, a knee, a foot. I can’t wait to see you. I don’t know how to say it, but I’m feeling so incredibly unsafe right now. I want to crawl into your bed like I used to when we were little, like Missy does with me.  He is passed out once again on the couch. I don’t dare go near that room. If I have to then I tip toe by it. I’m sure he didn’t mail my letter. I would have heard from you.
Hugs.
***
November 10, 2012
Victoria,
I have so much to tell you. It has gotten much worse here. He is deteriorating. I no longer know him. He is like some dark sinister creature. I can’t even say his name. He is repulsive and vile. He caught me reading Benjamin’s letter and he came up behind me, startled the hell out of me and said “What the fuck are you reading? Is that your lover?” He has never talked to me like that, Victoria. I am so afraid of him now. I know he’s drinking more, but maybe he’s taking drugs too. Anyway, I told him it’s not of his damn business and that he needed to get some help. Well, he ripped the letter out of my hand and started reading it. Missy was playing about five feet away and so I didn’t want to escalate the situation. The weird part is I looked over to make sure she was okay, and I saw her standing with her back to us reaching up like she was grabbing hold of someone’s hand. I yelled to her. She startled and knelt down and buried her head in her knees and started crying. So, he’s ranting over the letter, and I rush over to Missy who is on the ground sobbing copiously, not sure what the hell to make of any of it. I held her in my arms and she just looked up at me and said “I want my savior.” And I said “You want your what?” and she just kept crying, repeating that over and over again “I want my savior.” I asked “Who is your savior?” And she wiped her face and looked at me and said, very clearly, “Pia is my savior. I go home with her. I go home soon with Pia.” Oh my God, Victoria. I just grabbed her so tightly. I didn’t know what the heck to do or say. I just held her. Meanwhile, that ass was staring at us with this dumb expression (his usual countenance since he’s been drinking); and then he crumpled the letter, tossed it and walked out of the room. I was thankful he was gone. But still feeling weird about what Missy said. I heard the door slam. Missy sat straight up and looked in the direction of the sound and said “He fell from grace.” As I write this, my hand shakes. I am so afraid I can barely breathe. What did she mean? He fell from grace? I don’t understand what is going on. I think her grandmother did take her to church. But come on she’s three-years old. I need help. Abigail should be visiting soon. I need to get more information. I need to confess, tell her my situation. But I realize now, I'd die without Minnie. I’m feeling so alone right now. Who is Pia? The name sounds familiar. I don’t know who it is but it sounds like a name I’ve heard before. I need to sleep now….I am weak, unbearably tired, shaking. 
Hugs
It is the middle of the night, Victoria, and he is pacing. He has been doing that lately. I hear him downstairs. He used to just pass out but now it’s as if he can’t sleep. Maybe he’s taking drugs. If he continues, I may try to escape with Minnie. We will have to go on foot. I think I can do it. I’m so afraid he will kill us. I sleep in Minnie’s room. I feel safer here.
***
November 20, 2012
Victoria,
I feel so scared. I wish you were here with me. No, I wish I was away from here. I need to get to you. He has taken all my money, everything, and it’s in his bank account. I have no access to it at all. I found out last week when I tried to take money out of the bank!  It’s getting so bad now. And the pain in my back is excruciating but I don’t want to take pain pills. He pushed me so hard I fell to the ground. I need to be alert. I can barely walk. He likes it that way. I’m afraid to stay here with him. We need to escape.
It’s the middle of the night, Victoria. He hasn’t come home. Missy is asleep. I just finished reading the crumpled letter and I know now we are in trouble. We need to get away. I feel like it’s an omen that I found these letters, that I am living a parallel existence, that poor Tina is reaching out to me it sounds insane. But Benjamin is insane, a lunatic. 
November 10, 1933
Dearest Tina
I can barely move. I am frozen with sadness. I hear him all the time now. I hear my beautiful little boy, Ranger. He cries out to me. His voice is in my head. I hear him singing, humming. I know it is him. It must be. If I didn’t miss him so much, I’d believe I was going mad. I’d commit myself. But I know the connection between us is so powerful, that Ranger is reaching out to me. He calls me his savior, tells me the time has come, that I must not fall from grace like the others. He tells me about a storm, the storm of fury, that I must find a way to him or else. But how do I tell him it’s you, that you are the responsible party the guilty one, the heathen keeping us apart. I try to communicate that to him. But I fear it’s for naught. I have not heard from you. Tina, I remember you, before you took to immoral ways, and I know you were once so Godly and sensitive and if you care for your son, you will do what is morally right and at the bare minimum, allow Ranger to speak to his father. It is unfair for you to keep him from me. Pia tells me these things. She tells me. I know she is helping me. Each moment, each second, he is growing and changing without me. If I imagine that it makes my chest ache, my heart break, thinking that he might cry himself to sleep at night, believing his daddy abandoned him. I beg of you, Tina, take me back before it’s too late. 
Benjamin
***
 December 1, 2012
God, Victoria. Benjamin’s letter paralyzed me. I can’t think straight. Benjamin mentions Pia. That's who Minnie always talks about. What is going on? How could Benjamin know anything about Pia? Who is Pia?  Maybe Missy read the letter? Maybe she can read and I never knew it. No, it’s not that. I know she can’t read. I read to her every night. I sense it—an ominous feeling that something is wrong. I can’t breathe. I pray I get these letters to you in time. I will go to the police tomorrow. I'll walk if I have to, damn it.
My last entry:  He came home. I don’t know what to do. Missy and I are hiding in the bedroom. Minnie is so stressed and doing odd things spinning and singing some weird song. I love her so much. I have to get her out of here. The final letter from Benjamin is frightening. I feel like I'm reading and sealing our fate. I know for sure he did something horrific to Tina and Ranger. I can't imagine what's in store for us. I'm going to hide this journal on the top shelf in the closet, just in case we don't make it. I have to take Minnie out of here tonight. I’ll wait until he passes out. We might be able to make it out the window. It is not too high. I can make a rope out of sheets. I can't believe I'm in this predicament. I love you, Victoria. I will see you soon. Promise.
***
January 25, 1933
Dear Tina,
I fear the worst for your soul. You have done the unthinkable. Taking our son and keeping him from his father is unforgivable. You are the cause for everything bad in my life. I have come to a decision and it has been a difficult one. I will be visiting you soon. If you refuse to return my son, I’m afraid I will have to take drastic actions. I have lost all sense of what is rationale. I hear voices, a small voice, and I believe it is Ranger. But then there is another one. Her name is Pia. She has warned me about a storm. Initially, she scared me and I prayed for forgiveness. But now I know she is my adversary, she is against me and siding with you. Ranger is the voice I hear. And he is calling to me. I must take him back. I will do whatever it takes. And if I can't have him, no one can. See what you've done to our family. It is all your fault. I loathe you. I am coming to take what is mine.
Benjamin
***
PIA
I am the savior. The earth will tremble soon. For now, as the time draws near, I am a small girl. I want to play, to sing, to dance. Yet, dirt and toil smears my legs, my soul. I feel a rush of life, like morning air, crisp, heavy with divine, birds chirping, brooks gurgling, purity. Still, I know it is fleeting. Markel. I need you. Voices hit me like hammers, pounding me. I have no escape. Lord, help me. I cry out. No one replies. My feet are blistered,  burn from a hot earth. I feel the boiling beneath me. I feel the pain of everyone and everything. My prayers are unanswered. I suffer for all and no one cares. If only they knew how much I suffered, how much pain I feel. I am assaulted by the sins of many. My hands bleed. My eyes burn from hatred and greed and I wear the burdens of others on my back. I am young and old, ancient. Thousands of years of bondage and abuse is branded on my chest, burns like molten earth. My God, why hast thou forsaken me?
***
Paw Bo
“Where are you taking me?”
“I’m bringing you home with me.”
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea. There’s a storm.”
“Skies are clear, Markel. I don’t want to hear it, okay? Look up. See the stars?”
“Look down. See the earth tremble?” 
“God damn it boy. Follow me. No more of that.”
I see him now. The boy is older. His arms and legs are longer. And something about his eyes are strange, deep set. His face, too, is gaunt as if he were pained, suffering.
“You eating okay lately?”
“What does that mean?”
“I just wonder if you are well. I mean, you look tired.”
“Pia is my savior. She will come for me and I will feast.”
“I don’t get you. Why do you insist on talking as if you’re crazy? It will do you no good.”
I say it but don’t believe it. 
The car looms ahead. I can see Annie and Paw Bo—my life waiting for me. I yearn for comfort, reality. Instead, I get a foggy awareness as if I were planted in an artificial world, one that is shrouded in a sheath, concealed in a web of deceit and mirages. 
“Annie?” I yell.
"Maurice? What are you doing? We’ve been waiting for you. Paw Bo needs to go home and sleep.”
I love her. God, I love this woman, every morsel of her. I want to take her then, sweep her up into my arms and lay her flat down on the hood of the car and break her in two. 
“I’m sorry. I ran into an old friend. This is Markel Zimmermann.”
“Oh, I see.” 
She is wary, scared even. She twists her pretty mouth. Don’t worry, I want to say. I will protect you. I want to cover her lips with mine. I feel a desire within me that pulsates. And somewhere, within the depths of my soul, I know that her reactions are right on the mark, and that Markel is an omen, a carrier of an ancient plague, a malignant force of nature. 
“What does he want?”
“He will stay with us for a little bit, that’s all.”
“Isn’t he that girl’s brother?” She leans in close, whispers. Her soft breath sends a shrill of electricity down my spine. I pull her in close, grab the nape of her neck, kiss her there. She arches backwards. Breathes heavily and then pulls away.
“Stop. Not now. What are you doing?”
“I want you.”
“You are crazy, Maurice. We have to go home. Paw Bo is in the car.”
“I’m sorry. Did I interrupt?” 
Markel moves in closer, stands a couple feet away. His eyes glow like a cat.
“It’s been a long night. Let’s head home.” My words are hollow.
“You sure it’s not a bother?”
 “We have plenty of room,” I assure him. I watch his lanky body bend into the car. He will give us information, I decide. Markel Zimmermann is useful. I need to know more. But first, I will put Paw Bo to sleep and then take my wife and do what she has wanted for so long, what is overdue, what we both need. I love her. That’s all there is to it. We will make love and all will be right in the world. Love conquers all. I am sure of it. So sure that I feel myself aroused and ready to burst with passion that can barely be contained when she touches my leg. 
But I am startled.
First I hear her—Maurice, help me. Save me. 
Then I see her—I see Maggie, bloodied, torn, on the side of the road.
“We have to go back,” I say.
“You are out your mind, Maurice. I’ve had just about enough.”
“What is it?” the boy asks. 
“Maggie, she’s hurt. I know it. I need to go find her.”
“Jesus, even if she is hurt, you can’t find her.”
“I can. I can. I saw her in the restaurant. She got a call about Minnie White. She was going to the station to help out with the little girl. She lost her mother. I need to go back, Annie. I’m sorry.”
“Minnie,” Paw Bo starts chanting from the back seat. 
Markel chuckles. 
***
Margaret Lawrence is still under a harvest moon. The tires spin. The steam hisses in horror, lifts like a dull swath of dimness, rapt with indifference to one soul seeking redemption, a mending of wanton ways.
***
 I am driving. Maggie is gone. She is in a coma, lost in her head. 
I want to see her. 
I imagine she is with me now, that I am inside her head. 
I see what she sees. 
Paw Bo is floating. I see her oblong eyes, brown, smiling, divine. But that’s all. I know I can never touch her again. I reach out anyway. 
Annie too. She is out there, buoyant, fleeting.
The air is still. 
The clock says 9:07. 
Minnie White is running, slipping, muddy, escaping from someone bad.
The clock again—9:07 and I know it is significant.
I don’t know how.
I feel a shudder, a sway of unexpected energy, waves, vibrations, a cacophony of sounds, movement—human beings laughing, eating, swinging hair, reaching, holding, itching arms, noses. A man with in green shorts walking, a short haired dog barking, a woman and man wearing sneakers that flash with each step, married for half their lives, walk straight and forward, and then back, and then straight and forward again. They clutch each other’s hands. A child with the long hair, androgynous, looks over at me. It is a hint of the wild, the uncivilized parts of us; the wild child is clothed in cotton. It undresses and darts away.
They see me now. They see me. They notice something is amiss, a spark, an ember.
Not me. I didn’t do it. I am just human like you. 
It’s time. 
I want to say. 
I want to say. 
The clock says 9:07. The darkness settles. But it is not dark. It is neutral air. It is sepia, an old air, an ancient air. It freezes all of us like an icy wave. 
I can move. I am out of the car. I stand. I sit. I spin. My head turns in circles as if I am gyrating onto a wide stoned disc. Limestone.
I know it. 
I don’t know how.
The voice says it’s a disc, an oval disc that floats, magnifies earth, stops all movement and then restarts it. 
I don’t know the voice. I am hopeful.
At 9:10 the clock stops completely. 
Movement ceases. We are encapsulated. 
No cars. No walks. No chatter. 
And there I am. 
The ghastly bones and ravaged meat someone tore off and discarded sits in random heaps on the streets, mangled and bloody. 
It isn’t me. I want to cry. It is a sadness unmeasured, unrivaled. 
Ribbons of melancholy shroud the air with lines, fuzzy lines, infinite lines. 
Who taught us to tear at meat? We have teeth. Who knew? Forgiveness is not part of it. 
I know I’m here. I know I’m seeing. I think it is the end.
Pia. 
What do you want? My voice echoes in a white fog.
Pia, What have you done?
I didn’t do it.
You did.
No, it is the way. I am merely a messenger.
This isn’t the way. It is unfair. It’s wrong.
You are not seeing it all.
I don’t want to know. I don’t want to see it. 
You will see. You will see. Time is done. There is no more time. 
Damn it. You tricked us. You tricked us all. It’s not right. It’s not right. 
You are not you. No more. Why can’t we still live?
You are no more.
But you’re wrong. You see? I can talk. I am me. I am still me.
How? 
Quiet.
I asked you how?
I don’t know that.  I have no answer.
Am I dead? Are we all dead then? No chances for anyone? What was the point? God damn it. What was the point of it all?
Dead is not the word. It is reborn. 
So who am I?
I can’t tell.
Where are you? 
Quiet. Quiet. Quiet.
I am no longer in a car. I don’t know how. I walk the streets. Objects float upwards like butterflies and then dissipate like mist. Physical entities dissolve. People too. Bodies fade like moths to dust. I watch it all. I watch. I am me. I am still me. Moving, watching. I put my hands to my face, my eyes, my cheeks. I feel it all. God, help me. 
I am everywhere.  
We are gone. 
I am here. I say it to no one. My mouth never moves. No reason anymore to speak. I have never spoken. I know that. I don’t know how. Our minds converge. I feel her hand in mine yet she is miles away. She is satin blue like an ocean or a sky. I walk beside her. 
Your hand is warm. You must be alive.
I am heat.
You are alive?
No one lives. It is mere perception.
This was a dream? My life was a dream?
No response.
The world bends. The trees, the buildings, the steel, it folds into itself and dissipates like butter melting in a pan.
Where do we go now?
You will see. 
I hear it then, the slight quiver of sound, the human knocking of tongue and lips. Paw Bo. I know she is near. I know I can find her.
But for now…
A beam of light spreads and sears the earth.
And I succumb.
 
 
 
