Spirit of a Place
Published by RossLamond.com at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 by Ross Lamond
All rights reserved.
This work is owned by Ross Lamond and may not be reproduced in whole or in part in any manner without the exclusive permission of the owner. All materials including photos, illustrations, diagrams and character names are subject to copyright.
Cover design by Jannette Tibbs
Photographs by Ross Lamond
For information regarding other books by Ross Lamond, please contact
rosspalm7@hotmail.com
ISBN: 978-0-9807588-7-0
About the Author

Ross Lamond is the youngest member of a well-known and respected dairy farming family of the South Coast of New South Wales. He was educated at Sydney Grammar School and upon leaving returned to the family dairy farm at Nowra.
Over a forty year period, Ross gained extensive experience in dairying, beef cattle production, sugar cane, small crop cultivation and horticulture. A continued interest in the garden materialised into that of a nurseryman, landscape gardener and grower of in ground trees. Concern about environmental issues such as tree decline, dry land salinity and habitat degradation led Ross into external studies in Environment followed by a Post Graduate in Urban and Regional Planning gained through QUT, Brisbane in Queensland.
A chance spiritual reading in 1998 introduced Ross to Feng Shui and Chi energy. Sustainable Feng Shui Gardening is the compilation of extensive experiences and hopefully introduces a unique vision towards sustainability in our lives and surroundings.
Contents
Istanbul
Gallipoli
Ephesus
On the Road to Kas
Cappadocia
Amasya / Ankara
Back to Istanbul
Parting of the Ways
First Conversation
Beginnings of a Journey
Laos
Cambodia
Vietnam
Woopy
Pam
Kyoto
Woopy Revisited
Currarong
Myanmar
Inle
Bagan
Second Conversation
Sri Lanka
The Bawa’s gardens
Third Conversation
Sandakan
Java
Bali
Pai
Spirit of a Place
Spirit of a Place
Istanbul
“Not too far now, Betty”.
“You and your ‘let’s travel as the backpackers do’” replied Betty.  “Why couldn’t we like most people, just get someone to work out our trip before we leave home?”
Betty was fuming to herself as she pulled her suitcase, with its two plastic wheels, across cobblestones which formed a roadway coming up a hill separating the Blue Mosque and the Aya Sofya Mosque of Istanbul.
“Nice morning though hey, Betty?”
No reply. They slowly worked their way from the cobblestones, up some steps and across a small patch of grass, which like whatever lies underneath their feet near the Mosques have incredible stories to tell about the past. They kept walking through the small park onto a bitumen path beside a tramline.  Wil changing their Turkish lira for tokens and waiting with a host of Turkish people for the next tram to some place with a name he couldn’t pronounce or remember.  A ‘nothing meaning’ location to Wil and Betty, whose only quest was to reach a tram stop somewhere up ahead and walk to a rail station.
This little adventure on a sunny morning was part of a bigger journey; a journey for Wil and Betty that began with a flight from Brisbane, Australia.  For them now, this is the beginning of a journey to Turkey and the Gallipoli Peninsula, Ephesus, Cappadocia and places in between.  A journey into history and culture enmeshed in the present day homes and places of Turkish people who witness and arbitrate over their past and accept change and the legacies of time.
But also a journey to save a failing marriage; a marriage lost in transition rather than deceit.
This journey offering so much to that which may be so little.
“Come on Betty, I think it's this way.”  Wil didn't have a clue where he was walking because all the street signs they could see were in Turkish.  Fortunately, a Turkish man told them where to get off their tram, and as Wil and Betty alighted they were faced with a profusion of Turkish names but no sign of a train station.  Had they been misled?  Why wasn't a train station there to stare back at them and looking like one, you know train lines and things like that?
Luckily, a Frenchman got off the tram with them.  Wil asked about the train station and the Frenchman in perfect English replied, “It's about two blocks away, accompany me.”  As they walked he talked, and said he represented a perfume and cologne manufacturer and was attending a seminar or conference of some kind and Istanbul was this year's choice of location.  Like so many organisations, the conference organisers picked some faraway exotic destination for the wives or partners as much as for the participants.  A tax-deductible holiday and possibly a couple of organised tours tossed in.
The train station was found and tokens exchanged for lira again; the station’s name to be immediately forgotten, and Wil and Betty were onwards moving further into a sunny October morning in Istanbul.
Their journey today hopefully is to board a public bus to a town they picked from a Lonely Planet travel guide, a ferry ride across the Bosphorus to a guesthouse and then tomorrow, hopefully a tour to Gallipoli to step onto the soil, shingles and beaches where Australian and New Zealand soldiers stepped, and for many, their steps led to a place of final resting.
The train trip was uneventful, the Frenchman courteously telling them where to depart.  But the Otogar, as they say in Turkey for a bus terminal, was huge and the bus they were looking for was lost within an entanglement of buses and transit offices scattered beside football fields of bitumen surrounded by patchwork of buildings.  Luckily for Wil an American this time showed them the direction for buses to the place Wil had written on a piece of paper.
Wil silently thought to himself, ‘You don't need a language, a smile will do, and people will respect that simple gesture’.  Wherever you are in the world, the smile is magic when travelling in strange places.
“Don't you worry about those, Betty” said Wil taking the tickets to whatever location as they walked away from a ticket office to wait for their bus on that sunny morning.
Wil Sinclair is a landscape architect, middle-aged, does not want to accept he is 58 years of age.  He is married to Betty, his wife of 33 years, and they are the parents of two children already left home. They call Brisbane their home, and live in a Queenslander style house on the slopes of St Lucia, an affluent suburb of Brisbane.  They have a comfortable lifestyle, mundane and entrenched in mediocrity.  Their lives were going nowhere of interest to each other.
Wil was born and bred in Brisbane and he spent his entire life in most ways, locked into an area of 20 square kilometres or twelve square miles.  But he is content, secure, and nowadays his imagination has left him and it shows in his work.  His landscape architecture practice is located in Toowong Village about a kilometre or two from the central business district of Brisbane and located up the street from a railway station.
Wil resembles the conservative side of a person to become a landscape architect.  He’s not ‘out there’ in flashy clothes with beard or lengthy hair.  Nothing flashy about Wil, just neat and tidy white shirt, slacks generally fawn and content in dark tan shoes.  He wears his shirts loose and generally open at the collar with ample pocket for pencils and things, never has on a necktie and his hair is greying and parted on the left, his face is clean, honest and always shaven.  Not a tall person, he’s just an average, fit-the-mould-to-be-anyone, person.
Wil’s client base comes from the surrounding suburbia to Toowong.  Middle-class, educated, mostly professional work habits his commissions, using Wil’s skills to refurbish mostly tired or neglected landscapes.
Wil resembles a landscape architect model of a person, slightly greying and thinning hair, not too tall or short, paunchy stomach, angulated body on squat legs, slightly rounded and bloated face, perfect teeth and always clean shaved.  He was clean cut and conservative to his bootlaces.
Betty, is another story, for Betty is a couple of years younger than Wil.  Betty is also a product of Brisbane and the pocket of suburbs stitching their way from the Brisbane CBD along the North bank of the Brisbane River, running into the slopes and hills of Mount Coot-tha.  These are settled suburbs, leafy and hilly.  Queenslander style of homes of timber set onto stumps with a galvanised roof, verandas along three sides, and room for a garden with a big tree somewhere.
Betty and Wil met at a dancing class at Woolloongabba one night.  It was love at first sight, their first loves and the union has hold them so long, but maybe it’s fraying at the edges.
Ironically, Betty is slightly taller than Wil.  She always had a firm body, proportioned well at the bust and hips.  Bottom just about right.  Hair brownish and now tinted as per fashion of the day.  Betty dresses conservatively in plain colours and loose fitting to hide her endowments, her shoes are always flat heeled, and prefers a shoulder bag than handbag, with never a hat to hide her freely flowing hair.  Betty was an attractive lady but wasn’t game to express it.
Betty and Wil lived together for awhile before marrying and Betty spent her early married life as a housewife and mother, becoming involved in school things for the children and playing social tennis.  It was an easy to live life, unobtrusive, and led around traditional things.  But recent years saw change.  The children had left home and tennis is no longer an option because of an elbow and niggling lower back pain, her weight was now catching up with her and tugging at her beauty.  Menstruation passed by, and with it Betty was feeling life starting to pass her by in a meaningless fashion.
So Betty got a job after training herself in bookkeeping through a technical education school, and found new friends, made money of her own, no longer relying on a husband who wasn't into money. She had recently moved jobs before their trip to Turkey.
And the need to continually make money was probably where their problems began.  Wil was clever and imaginative, but he was also a dreamer, idealistic, introverted and a prophet of change.  Fat chance to make money with that make up.  He found himself moving into landscape architecture by chance, rather than as a goal in early life.  Instead he was found after leaving school training as a draughtsman in an architect's office.  Wil did his work enthusiastically and efficiently, remaining neat and punctual.  He was reliable, and collectively these were a good combination of skills for mediocrity.
Wil’s drifting into landscape architecture took time and virtually followed a pathway of doing the landscaping details for architectural drawings.  His curiosity to name and use plants in landscape led him to enrol in a certificate of landscape design at a technical college close by his place of work.  His continuing and enthralling interest in landscape design saw Wil apply and be accepted into a Graduate Diploma course at Queensland University of Technology studying part-time over four years.
Wil had a flair for landscape architecture.  Plant uses and garden profiles came naturally to him.  He was sensible enough to wander the streets to identify plant species and note where they were best suited.  He drew up lists and guides for hundreds of plants and impressed his lecturers with names, their uses and significance in landscape.  But, Wil was content where he lived, his surroundings, its gardens and didn't make full use of this natural flair.  Betty…, she just was there as some sort of attachment.
Wil and Betty boarded that bus to its destination, spent the day looking at countryside, not realising they were on European soil and enthralled at the numbers of apartment buildings reaching away from Istanbul.
Why were they there on a sunny day in Istanbul, Turkey?  It came about by chance for Wil and Betty one Sunday morning after Church.  They were sitting at a timber slatted table on the back veranda of their Queenslander, reading the Queensland Sunday papers and Betty glancing up from a travel section about Turkey said, “Wil, let’s go to Turkey.”
It may have been the sun filtering through the backyard tree or ambience of contentment weather and its settled feeling.  A harmonious thing, that feeling, and Wil, content and purified replied without thinking, “Yes, I’d like to do that.”
Betty replied, “I’m going to hold you to your word, Wil.”  
“That’s fine” was all Wil could muster.
Betty organised the airfares and purchased a Lonely Planet guidebook for their Turkey trip.  There was no turning back.  The book became their guide and history, and in some way, they were completely naive to the complexities of history and time within the places they were now within and about to see.
A ferry ride across the Bosphorus was included in the bus ticket price.  So it was taken, back onto Asian soil and the township of Canakkale with a guesthouse said to be run by an Aussie.  They inspected and booked a room, asked about touring Gallipoli and within a half an hour after arrival, they had a guided tour organised the next day, and the guide was the same person who introduced Gallipoli to many Australians and New Zealanders including Australia's Defence Minister and the group surrounding him.
Wil wasn’t spiritual to say the least.  When he and Betty left Australia for Turkey they were Church of England in the old days or Anglican as it’s now known, but only attended Church as a necessity for social friendship and business contacts or for marriage or funerals.  Both had once been interested in the teachings of Christ and that of God and the Christian faith, but not any longer.  Church became a duty thing.
Spiritualism to both of them was obscure.  Sure, they read about Buddhism and that of Zen, and read books attesting to something of Hinduism.  They understood the workings of Zionism and that of the Muslim faith.
Here in Turkey and the home of Muslim people, Wil and Betty quickly realised ‘they’ are the same as ‘us’.  These were peaceful, gentle, caring people, and presumably the same the world over to those comfortable in their faith, and to their God or spirit.
Wil, about three for four years ago went through a change.  He discovered Feng Shui for it was a fad at that time.  He purchased books including that of Gill Hale and the Feng Shui Garden, realising the landscape had another meaning.  It was a place of Yin and Yang, Five Element Balance, and that of Chi, a place where auspicious energies react with inauspicious energies, and a place of spiritual attachment if the garden was in visualised as that of Chi.
He also discovered Taoism and its relationship to Feng Shui, accepting Feng Shui origins come from ancient Chinese Taoists, and the many interpretations of Zen in Japan evolving from a mixture of Taoist principles and spiritualisation.  He introduced these exciting ideas into his practice, but didn't promote himself.
It was something his fellows and peers would not accept.
Wil and Betty that evening had a leisurely walk in the streets of Canakkale.  They found a place for a pleasant meal and made love that night, something that was deluding them and maybe driving a reason for them to come to Turkey together and reigniting a failing marriage.
A lovemaking following past practices, he touching and kissing Betty, gently arousing her, moving his hands over her body and encouraging her to receive him, for 33 years of marriage had long extinguished the excitement of discovery.  The mutual passion and art of lovemaking for them had become something of a chore, a bit like making the bed in the morning.  This time it was pleasant for them to be in an unfamiliar place and would, if they could have, expand it to reward themselves.  Next morning, they walked to a cafe and chatted while waiting for the tour to Gallipoli to commence.
Gallipoli
Gallipoli in recent years has become something of a Mecca for Australians, and part of the European thing, especially timing the visit for 25th April and the Anzac Memorial dawn service.  But it was also to be present within a landscape that witnessed the absurdity of man's infliction upon each other and death.
Gallipoli, it’s a location of spirits and history, and histories introducing the place to its spirits and of men from two opposing forces.  One force invading and the other force defending.  The defenders, the Turks, doing what is being asked of them with the unknowns, hardship and sacrifices made without dissent, a duty and loyalty unknown to exactly who, but finding themselves in military dress with a rifle and few bullets, there to defend their land, and they as children to their mothers, willing to stay there and become part of the soil.
Wil and Betty with a small band of fellow tourists were able to transfer this image of Gallipoli into their minds through their guide who respected the sacrifices made from both sides.  He, a Turk and proud of his countrymen’s sacrifice while respectful of the courage and absurdity of the invaders, they being unknown and yet their willingness to sacrifice themselves so easily for a cause they had no inkling for what it was about, or for whom.  The guide willing to postulate the British General’s encampment on an island not very far from the entrance to the Bosphorus Straits and Gallipoli Peninsula.  The British Generals were unwilling to visit and as such showed their ignorance and ease to sacrifice those under them.
Wil and Betty’s guide took the small group to a cemetery located beside a small beach, identified with marble plaques with names on them such as Simpson, the man with the donkey who gave his life to save others, and also the names of soldiers whose feats and daring will remain unknown, and untold.
Yet, the landscape is now so different to that of 1915, its vegetation cover, erosion of the gullies, the beach itself and the obliquitous bitumen roadway now cuts across the sacred ground to support ease of transport for tourist coaches.  The innocent tourist of similar eke to Wil and Betty, are incrementally, and collectively altering and potentially destroying the histories and spirits of so many places around the world.  Wil, thinking to himself, ‘who are the villains in this parade, and are we as tourists, the innocent perpetuators?’.
Wil and his small group, included a specialist doctor from Brisbane of all places, he was middle aged and greying, joining the tour as an aside to a conference he was attending in Ankara.  The group complimented by a couple from Korea and someone-else-from-somewhere-else.  Gathered together as any group, they visiting the Gallipoli battlefields in their air conditioned minibus, and it separated them from a cold afternoon unfolding within misty rain.
  
They stopped at Lone Pine and its pine tree, and beside it, a Memorial and the scrubby landscape folded across hillsides and slopes, falling towards the Dardanelles and Sea of Marmara; this landscape now silent.  But underneath the same earth, Turkish forces once lived their lives and held their positions, giving some then taking it back.  A place where two forces faced each other with the ferocity and determination continuance of life demanded.
The little tour paused on a dirt track located exactly where it acted to separate the two opposing forces and a place where a can of baked beans could be tossed to the other side, and the pausing of rifle fire to bring back the dead and wounded.  And a place where Christmas was respected, the two forces both human and so similar in a way.
Nearby was a memorial for the Turks and a moving salute to all who fought and sacrificed over the nine month Gallipoli campaign.  On the memorial was inscribed a message from Lieutenant Colonel Mustafa Kemal who headed the Turkish armies of Gallipoli.  Wil and Betty paused and read the message, respectful for all who were sent to Gallipoli and Ataturk’s words there to stay in their minds.
Those words alone were enough to stir the emotions of all who visit Gallipoli, Ataturk’s word so precious, emotional and fulfilling.
Wil was silently moved by it all and didn't convey his feelings to Betty.  No doubt, she had her feelings about the words and what they meant.
But Wil was feeling something different, a deeper feeling of being within the Gallipoli Peninsula.  Maybe it's in the plants or the landscapes, the slopes and hills themselves, the trenches or whatever remains of them or possibly thoughts of people once occupying them.
They visited a small clearing about the size of a grass tennis court, located on a hillside not far from where Ataturk commanded his forces.  The tour group listened to their guide explaining the courage and sacrifice of New Zealand soldiers who were ordered to leave their trenches and charge the lines on the other side of this clearing only to be machine gunned down as platoon after platoon of men moved onto that place.  Wil wondered what thoughts could have been on the minds of those waiting for the order to charge over the bodies of those laying in front of them.
Wil and Betty were silent tourists out of place. These were places to keep thoughts within the inner mind.  The misty rain coming off the Dardanelles mixing with the scene made them aware of what those who were part of the Gallipoli campaign had to endure; bitter cold, searing heat, dust, dysentery and mud.
It was a quiet trip back to the ferry point and back to their hotel.  Gallipoli had touched on both of them, and maybe brought something of themselves back to earth and their lives being pretty meaningless, and without sacrifice.  They had not known suffering or how to suffer.
Ephesus
That evening, Wil and Betty had their first disagreement of the trip.  It was over Wil’s careful planning, for he was the one to study Lonely Planet and work out places to visit, places to stay, transport and places to eat.  Forever the meticulous planner so used to preparing specifications for a landscape.
Wil had his mind set to leave their hotel, the one he had pencilled into his Lonely Planet back in Istanbul, and travel by public bus to the Acropolis and Troy and visit for one day this ancient wonder, the nearby mud springs and continue on to Ephesus the following day.
“No, I’m not doing that”, said Betty, “This is my trip as much as yours and Troy can wait for another time.  I want to go to the coast and Kas.”
Wil said, “When are we likely to return to its history, Bet?”
But Betty replied, “No I'm going by bus tomorrow to Selcuk and Ephesus, you please yourself.”
Wil sulked, knowing he had to give in.  Betty in no way was equipped to use public transport in this strange country.  She had no knowledge of places to stay, the towns to visit and all those details he had put together.
So they took a public bus to Izmir.
Coming into Izmir on their public bus, they witnessed this large and busy city of Turkey, the city becoming well-known for its electronic and manufacturing industries, and having ready access to central Turkey, Ankara and the Mediterranean Sea.  Wil looking out of the buses window noticed huge concentrations of apartment buildings clustered onto the hillsides.  Same size, design and elevation, and the numbers of these buildings were mindboggling, seeing them stretch deep into the valleys.  Where did the people come from to use them, and why did they come here?
Wil was aware that urbanisation and its relentless growth around the globe were being fed by rural people immigrating into cities, and a job.  These people were becoming instruments of another birth, that of city growth, consumption of natural resources, benefiting from technological innovation, and in doing so, the loss of individual identity; their families and forebears somewhere else, and probably, a rural place.  Older people’s baby sons and daughters having left those places and the earth under their feet in some way to join an artificial world, one created from steel, concrete, glass and bitumen.
Wil’s interest in Feng Shui suggested to him these processes were Yang and the surging determination and strength of Yang energies were dissipating those of Yin, nature, and connectedness to the Earth.  Wil knew Yang’s infiltration on Yin was behind climate change and global warming.  Nature and the natural environment were under threat and change was inevitable as Yang was taking people into the unknown, including that unknown of ‘mass global urbanisation’.
Wil was silently thinking about this dilemma as they wound their way past the apartment complexes and into the city itself, reaching an Otogar and boarding another public bus to Selcuk, and from there, the famous Roman ruins of Ephesus.  At least this was worth it, and for Betty, it's up to her.
Wil and Betty had noticed another thing about Turkey.  Its bus systems and their organisation through the Otogar’s were incredibly efficient, and huge numbers of Turkish people were able to get around the country so easily and affordably.  The buses were modern, clean, air conditioned and staffed with someone who came around with a bottle of water and some moisturisers for hands and face.  The roadways they passed along were tidy, not potholed and constructed with a determination from those who constructed them to cross mountains irrespective of any barrier placed in front of them.  Turks were aware their roads linked their cities and encouraged economy of transport, allowing manufacturing and rural enterprises to prosper in places where they normally couldn’t.
Turkey has a lot of lessons for other democracies to look at and take from, including good transportation systems and giving access of rural people to cities and towns.  The country was being interwoven by a rail and road network that Wil and Betty thought was so desperately needed in Australia.
‘How could a wealthy country like Australia’, thought Wil, ‘be so neglectful of the need for dual lane expressways to join cities, and fast efficient rail networks to ensure ease of transportation for goods and rural produce?’  Why do we waste so much of the country’s wealth, propping up social programs and giving in to minority influences?’   He knew Australian politicians only thought about the next election and getting returned to Government.  Politicians are not statesmen in Australia, and probably in Wil’s mind, scarcely anywhere else.
After alighting from their bus at the Izmir Otogar, Wil and Betty boarded another for Selcuk where they trudged around on a hot and quiet Saturday afternoon looking at hotels until they found one to Betty’s satisfaction.
The hotel thing was something else that Wil was coming to terms with, because Betty had made her mind up about the quality of the room she wanted to stay in, and the hotels on offer had to be found to provide that.  Wil, the conscientious budget seeker had been pencilling in hotels which he thought they could afford, and thought Betty felt the same.
But Betty would say, “No, I'm not staying here” and Wil would have to walk and find another, then asking Betty to inspect the room and wait for her acceptance.  He wasn't too sure whether he was going to enjoy this trip being subjected to her whims.  But, he was a passive man not used to rocking the boat and so silently responded to her demands.
The Mediterranean coastline was something Betty wanted to see and experience.  Wil thought this destination was foremost in her mind, this, and her only other pleasure, shopping; both seemingly as important as any monument and historical place.
Wil relented, but didn't harbour any ill feeling to Betty, for after 33 years of marriage, he could tolerate anything and no doubt she had done the same.
Ephesus, the ancient Greek and Roman ruins were worth the journey in itself, thought Wil.  He was enthralled to be in the physical presence of history and architecture he’d only read about.  It was under his feet, so real and now he was able to look at the real grandeurs of place, authority and order, and the majesty of Roman occupation for the privileged able to live within this place. Wil and Betty were visiting the ruins and walking steadily along a walk that had been trodden for two thousand years or longer.  A walk one could take the visitor an hour or a week.  Wil marvelled at the processes of construction, the reticulation of water including that of the aqueduct and disposal of sewage, and intriguingly, looking at the quality of finish to the building facades themselves.  Wil was in heaven.  This was something of order, command and place, an architect’s dream.
  
Tourists, bloody tourists swarming over the ruins, groups with their placards held aloft by someone at the front of them, “This way, this way.”  Being asked to follow, led by someone who has done it all before.
Wil immediately thought of those caught up following the placard bearers.  They wouldn’t be able to connect with the spirits of Ephesus because they were being hassled from one place to another.  No time to linger or pause, having to follow and pretend to listen, possibly more interested in chatting, getting left behind or remaining close to someone within the group.
Connecting to spirits is a personal thing.  Could those in the groups go, “Aah” and be satisfied with what they saw as they captured an image through a camera’s lens?  Are spirits captured on a camera’s lens, or when the photograph is taken, do spirits just dissolve?
Wil pondered, ‘is there was another way to look at things of man's endeavours and maybe that of nature?’
Wow, he felt he was getting close to those Romans who would have used the great theatre or the baths and brothel.  The remains of a library which he understood became the grandest of its day, and its facade still preserved.  Wil could imagine scrolls and parchments stored within, and people in their flowing robes, standing over a table, reading.
Visiting a bath he noticed stone slabs with holes cut for people’s bottoms, the toilet pans of two thousand years, and whatever fell underneath, washed away with running water.  They were still intact and no different in design to one's we use today.  The stone slabs with their curved holes connected to a continuous flushing system beneath them.  His architectural know-how (and landscape work) seemed so insignificant when compared to the wonders and creations of people who perfected and practiced living in luxury, security and comfort as a way of life.
Betty too was impressed by its grandeur, walking along Curetes Way as it worked its way down the hill, the columns, the remaining statues and colonnade they were walking along.  Yet she didn't try to find the site of the brothel as Wil did.  Maybe that's a man’s thing.
They reached the library, then passed it to a promenade leading down to no doubt what was once a harbour where in those ancient times boats of a couple of millennium before moored to be unloaded and reloaded with goods, eagerly sought by Rome and elsewhere.  Then walking across to a grand theatre, and places underneath the stage area where slaves would have been corralled along with wild animals, both set into play as entertainment for those seated above.  The savagery of it all and the theatre paraded beside the grandeur played in the architecture of construction located a few hundred feet away.  The Roman people to Wil were blessed by organisation and constructional finesse, but they also deployed brutality and no consideration for those under them.
“A Roman theatre, now Betty that has to be the greatest thing I've ever seen,” said Wil and meaning it.
“Well, it's an example of people who crushed and exploited all those who had a use for them. They set lions onto people and cheered until their victims were no more.  What type of people are those?”
Betty had seen something so different to Wil.  For Wil felt what they saw was a reflection of a society advanced in technical know-how and display of a society where its elite had full command over their surroundings.
That night a casual remark about nothing became something, and Betty erupted, accusing Wil of being selfish, a drifter and non-achiever, not providing for her needs and so different to her.
Betty said, “You were awe-struck by being in a place where lion’s tore people apart.  What type of person are you?”
Then she warmed to herself and said, “I want someone in my life who’ll give me what I want, someone who will be a partner and share things in common.”  Continuing as Betty moved with the task. “Wil, you have become a nothing person.  All you think about is your plants and gardens that belong to other people, where do I fit into this?  Why did I have to marry you of all people, thirty three years of my life, for what?”
Wil remain silent through all this, and to finish off the conversation before their meal came out, Betty said “You can eat on your own.  I'm going back to my room.”
He felt embarrassed to be left at a table in a restaurant on his own and aware of the people who had overheard Betty.  He had had enough and decided he was going to leave her when they return to Australia, and this was the excuse in some way, he hoped would come.  They're rekindling of marriage no more and he in truth was relieved by it all.
He knew they had to continue this trip together and finish it, and Betty's eruptions were getting so vivid and sounding so final.  Maybe she'll get over it and they can take up being together again.
Ironically, Wil glanced up and noticed the remains of a Roman aqueduct which wound its way through the town.  He forgot about Betty and marvelled at the majesty of Roman civilisation.
Betty opened the door to the room and said nothing.  Wil had arranged to have her meal wrapped in foil with a fork and spoon, which he handed to Betty suggesting she may feel hungry.
Betty said, “Thanks Wil, but you sometimes get me where I don't want to go.  I'm sorry it was a silly thing to do, but you have a lot to think about and a lot of changes to make.”  Wil remained silent.
On the Road to Kas
Back on the bus again and they were on a journey to the coast and a beach someone had suggested to Betty, “You must visit Didyma.”
Betty looked across to Wil pointing at a place in the Lonely Planet book, and said, “This is where we're going tonight Wil, maybe there’s a ruin for you there.”  But that wasn’t to be and the bus dropped them off at an intersection on the highway, and they were hopelessly lost.  A connecting bus they were waiting for never came.
Wil was angry with Betty for forcing him into another place not marked on his journey plans.  Blast her, thinking, ‘We'll just sit it out at this intersection until she comes to her senses.’
But no, there is a taxi, and Betty is quick to say, “Wil stand out there and wave it down!”
Wil did what he was asked and got the taxi to stop, turn around and come back to them.  Wil showed the driver the Lonely Planet and the township of Didyma.  It was a few kilometres away and the bus driver had dropped them off in the wrong place.
Time was getting away so Wil said, “Can you take us to the bus stop so we can catch a bus into the town?”
The taxi drivers English was a very poor, but enough to offer them his taxi and a ride back along the highway they came from, driving back to a town they had just passed through on the bus. Wil’s alarm signals went off.  This taxi driver was taking them on a wild goose chase and going to fleece them of their money.  He sat quietly fuming against Betty for the mess they were in.
The taxi driver turned off the road and crossed over to the other side so he could go over a bridge to commence the drive back to where they came from. Wil asked the driver why had they come so far and the driver replied he couldn’t turn around until he reached the bridge.  Wil embarrassed by inferring the driver was fleecing them and before long, they reached the town by a river and adjacent to the Mediterranean.  It was the destination that Betty was seeking.
The taxi driver was very helpful and only charged them for what he thought was good. Wil found Turkish people where ever he met to be the same.  They are friendly and courteous and none of that bigoted imaging that was fed to the Australian public back home.
Wil took great pride in telling Betty, “You got us here, you find the accommodation.  I'm sitting here with the bags.”
So Betty spent the next 45 minutes or so walking up a hill far enough so Wil could no longer see her.  After a long while Betty came back down the hill rather red faced and tuckered out, then said, “The only place I found was just around the corner, we'd better take that.”
Wil thought, ‘I finally got you at your own game’, and felt vindicated.
They settled into the guesthouse then took an uneventful walk to the shoreline, a pebbly beach and long jetty, a meal and non-descript evening.  Tomorrow would bring another ride on a public bus for Wil and Betty, and a journey which would eventually get them to the place of Betty's choice, Kas.
Kas is a place they both liked, who wouldn't? An elevated town beside the Mediterranean, views out to sea and Greek Islands, an active and diverse fishing and boating fleet, numerous cafes and restaurants, a welcoming place for Europeans as much as Turkish people, and a place many Europeans call their home.
“You could live in Kas”, said Betty.
“It is very you” Wil replied, “I think it would suit you Betty, maybe you could move here and tie yourself up with one of those Turkish men.”
Betty didn't say too much about that, but only she knows her thoughts.
Wil thought how was he going to leave her when they returned back home in Australia, and was planning in his head how to go about it.  His landscape architecture practice, he'll try to sell or just close it down.  The house, he'll sign that over to Betty, that’s her share and contribution to the marriage of 33 years.  He just wanted out and he had a saving grace, his father.
For Wil's father, Harry Sinclair had worked most of his life for the Queensland Government in Treasury (or finance or whatever), and Harry Sinclair was responsible for ensuring the Queensland Government's books were balanced, and in Joh Bjelke-Petersen’s days, they were never in the red.  Construction programs were always funded by revenues and handouts from the Federal Government.  Queensland was traditionally a rural based economy, but mining was starting to show its head as something of the future and revenue to the State was constant, diverse and growing.  Harry had an easy job balancing the books.
Wil's father, Harry, gave Wil an investment.  Harry invested purely in the stock market and blue chips such as BHP and the Commonwealth Bank.  He took up their entitlements and reinvested any dividends and upon his death, Wil inherited his father’s entire share portfolio and income stream.  It was something of Wil’s, and Wil’s alone.  Betty accepted that.
Harry and his wife, Ethel had been conservative people and justly proud to be Queenslanders.  Wil's sister, upon his father's death, got the family home and whatever money Ethel had bequeathed to her. Wil had always been fond of his mother, and remained so of her memory. She’d succumbed to a sudden death only three years preceding his father's.
Kas is a romantic place of sorts.  Something for Betty, she heard about it as a place for late breakfasts and coffee, talking in cafes and shopping.  Late lunches that drifted well into the afternoon and a sleep, then a leisurely walk back down the hills for a romantic dinner somewhere in the villages many restaurants.  Kas’s food was fresh, diverse and its restaurants, cosy and welcoming.  They were places to linger in.

Wil thought something about its Feng Shui, Kas was ideal in its symbolism.  It faced South more than East or North, and an envelope of hills protected Kas from cold winter winds, the Mediterranean Sea sweeping away to the horizon, dotted with small islands.  It’s azure and shiny surface broken by the wake of boats plying their ways to from the village pier.  Kas’s Chi protected and harnessed by mankind's quest for a gentle and restful place to live.
‘There’s symmetry in a place and its people’, thought Wil.  ‘If the people are happy and content, in all likelihood, the place had harmonious Chi’.  Progressive and abundant auspicious Chi not hampered by excesses of ‘sha’, or inauspicious Chi influences which disrupt and detract.  ‘Sha’ Chi created impositions to places of harmony.  Kas was a place of Yin and harmony.  Wil thought that Kas was alive and well and sympathetic to Yin; the bosom and beholder.  The relationships between Yin and its complimentary energy Yang, suggesting when in harmony, they are at peace with each other.  And people are beginning to understand it’s more healthy and harmonious to live within a place where it’s Yin and Yang are in harmony with each other.  He thoughts on his observations pleased him.
If they have another argument Wil would become deeply concerned about Betty, he was now more sympathetic to her rather than angry.  ‘Why is she behaving this way?’  He and Betty seem to be on a collision course with destiny and to welcome, somewhere in their future, a disillusionment of marriage.  He had the discipline and strength, and he would be no longer the follower, but now a protagonist, and independent of her demands, now he had decided his future.
Before their arrival at Kas, another town was visited.  One recommended by fellow travellers and noted by Wil in his travel plans as a place to visit, for its Arian tombs and a couple of thousand years of history, and to add to its charm, a gently flowing river running through the town for a boat ride, and to top it off, in the evening, the Arian tombs cut into a bare cliff face became floodlit, readily viewed from a restaurant table set over the semi-tidal inlet.
The village of Dalyan was definitely a place for Europeans to live, holiday and pass time visiting rural countryside, a boat ride on the river to a beach for a swim, restaurants and shops galore, plenty of rooms to sleep in of good quality.  No hills to walk up and the village nestled where it has been for centuries.
The Arian and Roman ruins of Kaunos were on offer and Wil was in his element.  Betty wanted to shop for something to take back home for the kids, and Wil on his own in a small boat heading to a landing, then a long walk up some hill to a panorama of the sea and remnants of Roman and Arian settlements waiting all that time for his inspection.  Their spirits were waiting for someone like Wil to discover and bring them to life.  But, Wil wasn’t ready to receive those spirits, so they continue to wait for that special person to come and connect with them.
Kaunos was originally settled about the ninth century BC, and over 2000 years of history lay before Wil’s eyes and yet there were no people, not one person to be seen.  Access is only by small boats and a long walk.  No bloody tourist coaches or placards held high with a bearer waiving for a group to follow.  Only decaying ruins and walkways used by the Romans, and whatever forms of civilisations that settled and used the land before were there.

A theatre for 5000 people is still intact and elevated enough to offer commanding views towards a marshland and once open water, now filled with marshes and woody shrubs of some sort; the landscape now replaces a harbour which, in its day, would have wooden boats with sails or oarsmen.  This area was a major centre for trade and seafarers coming into the harbour for fresh drinking water as they moved up and down the Mediterranean coast from Egypt or North Africa, Syria, Lebanon and those exotic places through to Greece and beyond.
No people and Wil was able to walk on dusty paths to places including a bath house and down a tumbling slope to a colonnade and remains of buildings including the Basilica, some of its columns still intact, stonemasonry so exact, fitting together without a gap and the cutting of each piece, so precise.  To Wil it was wonderment to the majesty of civilisation.  The residents of the city were truly civilised and Masters of the urban form, advanced enough to construct an aqueduct 30 or so kilometres around hills and over gullies carrying fresh water continuously for bathing and flushing of the cities sewerage, its terracotta piping still present and visible at an excavation.  Extraordinary feats of construction and for Wil, and an architect’s mind, it was heaven.
Back to town, and he was enthused for a meal beside the river and maybe rekindling of love, but to no avail, for Betty had other plans, again something trivial while sipping a cool drink beside the stream viewing the Arian tombs lit up in the background.  It was no place for dissent but yet, it was.  Betty lashed out at Wil once more, highlighting his adequacies, lack of ambition, they having no money to do good things, the selfishness of him and her complaints those of emptiness and non-fulfilment.  Betty traumatised by her anger, finally got up and walked away.  Wil, left with his beer, alone by the highlighted crypts of the Arians.
Wil went to find Betty but couldn't find her at all, and ended up wandering the streets of Dalyan, not stopping anywhere for some dinner.  He had the keys to their room so he went back time and again up into town and it’s slowly empting streets, but still no Betty.
Morning, Wil alone in their room and a knock on the door, it was Betty and she behaved as if nothing had happened, suggesting they had better get ready to catch the bus to Kas.  Wil didn't ask where she spent the night, with whom if anyone, or why.  He just felt alone and satisfied his quest in life was without Betty.
Cappadocia
After Kas, another Greek and Roman ruin, by the sea with its erect columns symbolising Greek or Roman occupation, and behind the harbour ruins scattered amongst the rambling shrubs and grasses.
The builders of Side were masters of settlement and this was 2000 years ago.  Wil couldn't help think modern mankind is also reaching some sort of pinnacle in urban settlement and settlement patterns.  The horizon for modern mankind is so different with its competition for space and hierarchy of uses, it’s separating and splitting society in classes of settlement that image that of Roman history.  The privileged and wealthy and powerful occupy the most ornate and pretentious, and through price, keep out those who would like to join with them.  What’s happening today has happened throughout settlement histories as people separated themselves from others to reflect their power, wealth or influence.
Wil’s relationship with Betty after Dalyan seemed distant, but it wasn't strained.  They shared a bed, a room, a table at a restaurant, shared the buses, streets and sightseeing, probably more as strangers or travellers who choose to do so together, and nothing more.
Their five weeks away now more than half over, and another bus trip coming, this time to Goreme and Cappadocia.  But Betty had other ideas.  Why would she always talk to people in shops and restaurants?  ‘They’ had talked to her, and said that she should go further down the coast to a mountain near Syria and then north to the Black Sea.  Wil looked on in anguish as he thought about it, but on this occasion, he heard one of the ‘they’ say, “You have to see the dance of the Dancing Dervishes.  Why don't you go on a bus to Konya and home of the Dancing Dervishes?”
Wil didn't object to that and there they were in the countryside again, on another comfortable bus and comfortable seat, able to glance out of the huge windows to gaze at landscapes profound in their harshness, no trees visible and Wil was comfortable in his knowledge that these hillsides and valley floors carried Romans and conquerors, traders and village people, camels, oxen and donkeys.  He was chuffed to notice an ancient roadway caress its way along the slopes of hills beside the highway they travelled upon.  He kept his observations to himself.
They started talking to man at Konya on the bus to Otogar, city of the Dancing Dervishes. “No” he said, “they don't perform daily, only on ceremony and not today or tomorrow.”
“Is there a bus to Goreme?”  Wil asked.
“Over there, if you hurry,” and 10 minutes later Wil and Betty were once again sitting in a bus, clean and tidy ready for another journey, and hopefully shorter than the 6 to 8 hours they had alighted from just fifteen minutes ago.  Betty was getting excited about Cappadocia and the thought of going up in a hot air balloon, seeing fairy castles jutting into the skies and staying in Goreme in a hotel whose rooms were cut into a hillside and furnished with festoons of Turkish carpets.
Cappadocia and a land of dreams, yes within Goreme, and the carpets do hang off walls in their multitude of sizes, colours and fabrics; these carpets in themselves harbouring the history of their place and time.  A town where the diner can sit and be served with a clay pot broken at the table to lay bare the offering inside.  So many walks to be taken into the countryside along dusty tracks marvelling at the landscapes, on offer nowhere else.  The fairy chimneys prodding their way towards the sky, stunted trees and remnants of habitation of some lost period, and of whom no one seems to know.  Walking to villages past vines with ripe grapes still hanging, waiting to be plucked to quench the thirst of the wanderer.   The hot air balloon ride over the countryside worth the heavy price being asked.
  
A land steeped in history of settlement so different to the Romans.  These people live within the land and forged their footprint disguised over the centuries of traffic by donkey, goat, and camel or on foot.  A landscape of poor maligned people forced into non caring surroundings as they merged with the land underneath.  No water visible as they passed, and probably just as scarce or infrequent, lost within a landscape, found deep within a well, and below a land burnt harsh and hot by summer sun, and frozen in time by cold and blistery winter extremes.
Betty purchased a carpet, a floor rug of ancient places and history, and attached with it came a certificate confirming its eastern Turkey or Syrian origins.  Ancient looking and cleverly textured and pattern, a good buy and good price.  Wil was sure Betty’s charm and appeal to Turkish men helped lower the price and Wil pondered that Betty wasn’t beautiful in any sense, but pretty in some way.  He observed her physique…she still had a full figure, slightly overweight around the belly and ample breasts, a small bum tucked away over tidy legs.
Betty’s conservative upbringing and her parent’s being churchgoers probably ensuring Betty remained well preserved and not one to flout her charms.  Wil was thinking she rarely or never had encouraged him to do things he did not want to do.  Wil was an acceptable person and in Betty he felt she was acceptable, and maybe his love for her was acceptable rather than passionate.  Maybe she had another side to her personality Wil was unable to find.
Wil thought about Betty and their relationship while they hiked down a valley bare of trees and dominated by bare earthen hills.  They slowly moved down its slopes to a valley floor and criss-crossed their way through dry stream beds, picking some grapes off vines which seem to naturally occur, and viewed the openings of windows cut into the bare hillside as a reminder to those who lived within those hills.  This valley was its residents only means of connection to the outside world, and possibly still intact as it was when those windows cut into bare clay walls shielded those living inside.
Betty’s extremes of behaviour were coming from something deep inside her.  Maybe it was resentment at realising life was passing her by and her feeling inadequately prepared for the future.  She was questioning herself and reacting partially at Wil in anger and frustration for something else she was hiding from him or unaware of.  He felt it was something other than personal vindictiveness towards himself and their life together. He felt that Betty was hiding something from him.
It had been a good life.  Thirty-three years had to have good times. There were the holidays and children, a home and garden, the sharing of a bed and table, togetherness; but possibly unfulfilled and remote.  He felt sorry for Betty and hoped she would somehow find herself a new life after they returned.
Turkey is a land of many parts, many histories and many peoples.  It was ambushed from the East and the West and from the sea to the south.  Its people over the centuries becoming part of that mixture of genes and blood of a millennium or two, fused from intervention of others who were just passing through.
Turkish people possessing a kind face to Islam and its origins next to its eastern borders, a passive form of Islam and tolerance to others who pass their way.  They were tolerant to attend the mosques as required, and complied in their duty to women and to each other.  Wil felt privileged to be in Turkey with the people and their landscapes and the tolerance that Turkish people have to live in these landscapes.  They are acceptable people, probably brought up so, from the interaction from those who once invaded their lands.
While sitting on another bus, this time from Goreme heading north towards the Black Sea, Wil is looking out his window and thinking of Alexander the Great and his armies who moved through valleys and settled within them to ensure his armies were fed and clothed.
Wil and Betty were now being driven through those valleys and river plains. Wil thought they possibly look as similar today as they were in Alexander’s time, with the families of his armies following, their movements slow and deliberate.  These same valleys he was passing through were once held by Alexander's armies and maybe the man himself rode on these pathways.  There was something mysterious and spiritual about it all and it was carried in the vision of the landscape and visions of those armies still present in the landscape, because the valley physically would have to remain similar to those days of Alexander the Great.
Similarly in Cappadocia, Wil could sense the spiritual empathy coming from the land.  It was coming to him as he walked those valleys and it was something between him alone and the landscape itself.  It was communicating with him, and this, stirring within him creating something new.  Something so personal, it was his alone.  Betty was walking only a few steps in front of him and yet Wil felt she was not part of the landscape.  Wil wondered, ‘Why were his feelings for it so alone?’  It, the land, was in his mind, and the spirits of that place were coming to him through his mind, and so it was about connectedness.
There was nothing of these feelings addressed in the teachings of landscape architecture.  Landscape architecture is such a clinical practice, the dissertation of the land to suit an intended use for it, an intending use imprinted from above as the drawer of the plan stands over the drawing on the table, sketching and etching changes to its use, and imaging its future, but doing so not to connect to it in any other way than some version of the place in their mind.
Wil was reminded of someone talking to him suggesting architects and planners think rigidly and vertically because they stand over a plan and the sketch changes or slots in beside each other.  While someone who is spiritually connected to the land needs to stand beside the table, looking at the drawing from a horizontal perspective, and in doing so, becomes naturally connected to the land.  The drawing then becomes part of the landscape.  They draw the lines because the land is talking with them, and the plan comes together as the two parts marry into one.
There was something so profound in that suggestion for Wil that he had to realise what that person was saying back in his lecture days was true.  So much of our landscapes and cities planning are done from the vertical orientation.  Information and data transported from a computer terminal onto a piece of paper and from that paper, lines formed as justification for the written word.  The people who use the land, the native creatures and plants who once owned the land, are abandoned for practicality and logic.
Amasya / Ankara
This Turkey he was visiting came from the horizontal, created over centuries of time and people living within the landscapes and being part of them, a fusion between what the landscape could offer to support them and what they could take out of the landscape without destroying it.  Wil wondered if exploitation of the landscape destroyed the settlement or maybe it was just a change in climate or security needs.  The origin of his thoughts unknown and Wil preferred that it stayed that way.
Over the next couple of days Wil and Betty took a different bus from Sivas to Amasya and it was getting too cold and wet for them to go all the way to the Black Sea, or ‘some-other-place’ someone had told Betty they ‘must visit’.  Wil by now had discarded his carefully planned itinerary for the randomness of Betty's whims.
Wil wanted to finish the trip before finding a place in time for their fateful discussion.  The discussion was being held in his mind and he was unsure what her mind maybe thinking, and what her reaction will be, and in some way now, he couldn't care.
But Betty's instincts to travel were interesting.  He would have chosen a more conservative route to travel.  Tried and tested means of transport, to places where hotels were present and cheap enough for them.  His training as a landscape architect coming to the fore and all bases covered along with a contingency plan if needed.
Yet he was enjoying his trip for its unknown quality.  He was finding something in the journey rather than the destination, and maybe it's the journey that gives excitement and meaning to a trip.  His trip to Turkey was opening his mind to possibilities he felt determined to explore.  His time in life was coming and it was exciting.  Betty for her failings to Wil, was now teaching him to take risks and explore the unknowns for what they held and yielded.
Amasya is a city immersed in history, going back four to five thousand years was a city strung along the banks of a river set within a narrow and bare walled valley.  Wil enjoyed walking along the riverbank on a sunny Saturday afternoon, crossing historic bridges and working his way towards and up the steps to visit the Pontis ruins cut into the mountainside.  Betty and he found a place to have some dinner and look at them after dusk when they were floodlit.  No argument from Betty, she seemed very demure for some reason.  A city of bridges and histories, although when Wil visited the Archaeological Museum the next morning he found it was closed.

Amasya was also the location where Atatürk announced the establishment of the Turkish Republic to replace the Ottoman Empire.  A monument of him stands in a pleasant park adjoining narrow streets winding their way along the hills, aligned by three story narrow stone and timber trading houses with shop out front, warehouse to rear, and family living above  Their timber balconies hanging from their facades and looking so ancient and as if they were going to fall off.  Wil thought ‘These places have been here for centuries and seem to mark time, the place and its people’.  Amasya was a place to get lost in and enjoy it.
Ankara and Turkey’s administrative capital, a busy city and coming into it well into the evening.  The Lonely Planet as guide and another Otogar to be explored once they alighted from the bus.  Wil and Betty arrived in misty, cold rain, and no one seemed to understand a word of English.  Wil felt uncomfortable and Betty was becoming irritable because he was unable to find the bus to take them to the anticipated destination for that night.
Luckily, someone came to their rescue and was able to help them onto a bus, telling the driver something about the destination and they were on another little adventure, this time in the cold rain of Ankara and different Turkish people; people who were content living in a boisterous city and staying indoors on this cold, wet evening.
The driver said, “This is your stop”, or words that sounded like it.  They alighted completely unsure of directions or location of the hotel that he had noted.  Wil was sure he was coming down with the flu and his head was aching.  Betty seemed confident and assured that Wil will find their hotel or lodging.
Wil did as he was supposed to and started traversing along a street slowly getting steeper the further he walked, while Betty waited under an awning with the bags.  Wil walking into and past plenty of hotel sorts of places, but was a bit dubious about the people using them.  Nowhere was his hotel to be seen or was heard of by any name he asked.  It was getting late and his cold was taking over, so finally he selected one hotel closest to where Betty waited with the bags.
They booked in and were given a room number and floor to get out the elevator at.  They reached it and the room was very basic, but clean, and Wil was glad to be somewhere out of the wet and cold.  He turned on the television and searched through the channels coming onto one with unadulterated pornography, Turkish style or whatever, but interesting and wondering whether to leave it on after Betty had taken her shower to see her reaction.  No, Wil changed the channel as she came out of the bathroom, yet he was wondering if sex could take over or rekindle a marriage if nothing else.
Would he try to engage Betty in this extension to their marriage?  The thoughts of the images on the television screen going through his mind gave him a sense of excitement and bravado in trying to emulate the feats on display!
They realised that they had no dinner that night and before Wil could take a shower, Betty asked him to go down to the reception and find something to bring back to the room.  Wil complied, but the group of men at the reception seemed to have something else on their mind and not one of them understood a word of English.  Tonight was going to be the first evening of their trip and possibly the first night in his life where an evening meal was not available to him.
Returning to the room, Betty said, “You would have to pick this one.  The water is cold, and those people in the elevator! I'm sure that man had a hooker with him.”
Wil remembered his promise to himself, and the thought of entrapping Betty to sex Turkish-style quickly left his mind.
Ankara was full with its history and museums, displaying the occupations stepping back a couple of millenniums, of conquests and transition.  Turkey, a home to change and a constant sense of unsettledness as it was forced from one transition to another,  the Turkish people accepting and complying with it.  They were tolerant people.
An overnight train ride formed the next part of their Turkish adventure.  Wil’s cold manifested into flu and they were unwilling to spend another night in Ankara, finding a more convenient or less dubious hotel to the one they stayed in the previous night.  Ironically, just up the hill from their hotel and along a side street were numerous places to eat, and the hotel he was looking for.
Luck was with them and they were able to secure a sleeper compartment for the overnight trip back to Istanbul.  To Wil's amazement the train would rival Australia's best in terms of comfort, cleanliness, friendliness of staff, running efficiently on time, and Turkish people happy in the knowledge their public transport system could take them across their land anytime, on time, and in comfort.
Wil’s dose of flu was climbing towards misery while waiting for their midnight train out of Ankara on this wet and windy night, waiting for ten hours with nowhere to wait other that in a huge open seating area.
His introverted character was coming to the fore, and he tolerated his position to accept and comply.  Wil knew his shortcomings, they were probably there since childhood, he’s sure they were, his Mum had always doted on him, sharing him with his older sister and his sister somewhat doting on him too, they both helped to provide Wil with an easy passage into life.  Sure, he spent his childhood at home, school in the same suburb, and got a job in the suburb next door, trained at the technical College and University not really far from where he was born.  He met and married a girl from the same area, purchased a home and started a business practice in the next suburb and realising here, on a cold wet platform in Ankara, his whole life had been ensconced and protected by surroundings no more than 20 square kilometres or 12 square miles.
He remained a weak spirited person because he vacillated rather than challenge, he stepped around issues and problems, knowingly.  Before marriage and Betty, his father and mother were always there for support.  Betty and the children, they somehow got in the way.  Maybe he was content to remain as he was; he and Betty like passengers on the same train to life, winding their way across a mundane and tranquil landscape, content with each other, but not wanting to provoke or offer change.  Wil had never been challenged.
Back to Istanbul
The train trip ending with both of them refreshed after a cosy night sleep in the train compartment; another ferry boat ride across the Bosphorus, then back to the European side of the straight between the two parts of Istanbul, that would be their home for a week or so.
Wil, dedicated to his duty of organisation, had quietly walked the streets near the Side Hotel and Pension where they stayed their first night in Turkey, and quietly found a new, tidy guesthouse, Yakamoz, at a fraction of the price they paid for the first night in Turkey.
Wil confirmed the reservation by e-mail and changed the date of arrival from that regulated and boring timetable he had set for Betty and himself.  For now it’s going to be eight days in Istanbul with its history.  Betty would be able to take her time and shop and get her teeth checked, again because someone told her of a dentist who was so professional; so modern in dentistry, his surgery displayed the best of technology, and was cheap, so that it became a necessity rather than some off-the-cuff thing to do.
Betty could wander aimlessly around places of centuries in the making, absorb their culture and presence, while Wil, he didn't know what else he would do because he hadn't planned for a long stay, only thinking of the 3 to 4 days worked out in his timetable to see the Palace, Ataturk’s home, a boat ride on the Bosphorus, a crowded elevator ride up the Galata Tower, the two mosques of course, a museum or two, and the Grand Bazaar.
He could have done it all on his own, but no, he spent the entire eight days beside Betty, even the dentistry, and pondered over the decision he was to make and the words he was yet to find to explain to Betty that he was leaving her.
They did Istanbul as the millions of visitors before them.  Istanbul definitely one of the world's great cities displayed through its history, presence, culture, lifestyle, and they were able to experience Turkish life with the Turkish people, as they do every day.  Sharing with them, tram rides, walking streets and market places including the immensity of the Grand Bazaar, sharing ferry rides taken daily by Turkish people, and for Wil and Betty, pleasure being within the scenery on offer.
They breakfasted in a traditional Turkish way with strong Turkish coffee, a boiled egg and couple slices of toast, maybe some jam, and a juice of some sort.  They lunched in strange places with Turkish people, places found along the streets and alleyways, ate from a menu only written in Turkish, and saved some of their appetite for an evening meal somewhere, normally down the hill a bit from the guesthouse they were staying in, and shared a drink with the tourists in one of the cafes.
They were impressed with the grandeur of Blue Mosque and the Aya Sofya just up the road from their guesthouse, and at night, they came to marvel at the reflection of light upon their spirals and domes.  In the daytime the parks between the mosques were busy with so many people from so many different places, just watching and mingling with them was something in itself.  Time was spent sitting on a bench absorbing the sun, if it was around, and watching and listening to people.  This to Wil and Betty seemed to be the real Turkey, for it was the mingling of people from so many backgrounds, and the commonality presented to them by the mosques themselves.
Wil was very impressed with the landscapes between the two mosques and felt they symbolised Turkey's acceptance and tolerance to visitors or others coming into their land and its many parts.  The park being a place to view and ponder one's own past, and Wil did just that.  He took a bench whenever he had the opportunity to watch and think thoughts only to himself.
Wil thought about his schooling, parents, meeting Betty, their children, home and garden, his landscape architectural practice and that of contentment.  Did he want to push it away and chance himself for another life?
It was something of Turkey that decided it for him.  The spirits of Gallipoli came to him that day and he felt so privileged to be waiting for them, to receive them and offer respect to those who came and left and for those who remain in those soils.  Wil pondered over the spirits of Ephesus and its statues and columns etching their way down a hill that provided an image of a past of grandeur and purity in civilisation.  The spirits of Ephesus offered different feelings and ones he had no attachment or willingness to be part of.  They were selfish, uncaring and destructive spirits.
Then again at Cappadocia, wandering through a valley along a dry creek bed and being witness to a past civilisation that lived within the hills, under the soils and within the earth, literally, they dug into them for their homes and protection from adversity.  These were spirits of unsettledness, transition, unknowns to them, survival and hardship and the people who lived within those places; simple but pure.
Then onto the valleys seen from a bus, and his thoughts that these valleys are the same valleys which carried Alexander the Great and his armies.  These valleys and their plains sheltering a running stream were spirits of the land itself, of nature and silent witness to all that has passed.  The valleys in their imagery still carry those spirits, and the people still farming them were protecting them, and Wil thought, respecting them.

It was while he was sitting on a bench, one of many benches facing the blue Mosque, that Wil knew he had to find his destiny and that destiny was asking him to search and find the spirits of the land and of a place. Betty and her life with him were there no longer, those spirits vanquished or extinguished over time and memories, or spirits not wanting to be connected with again.
“Wil, there you are, I'm starting to wonder about you.  I hope you're enjoying this trip,” asked Betty.
“Yes, sure am,” Wil replied.
“Wil you don't seem to be, let's go down to the Spice Bazaar.  I want to look for some ceramic tiles.  A lady from Brazil said they were the best she’s ever seen.”
Another excursion and the tram down the hill to the river and the Galata Bridge.  Wil didn't mind and enjoyed the experience.  They alighted and walked across a square that witnessed invaders and kings and people of centuries, ambled past a 16th century mosque and into the Spice Bazaar, another market which has been trading for about four to five hundred years.  Its stalls still run by the same members of families who had ran the stalls before them, and before them, generations and generations of traders who virtually honed and practiced their craft as no other.
A tradition handed down over centuries of trading and display of their goods, and as such, became highly skilled at finding an unknowledgeable tourist to pay more than what the goods are worth.  ‘But, that’s unkind’, thought Wil, they did so with a smile on their face for everyone and most that traded with them would come back for that same smile.  Besides he enjoyed being on the sidelines watching their skill in action.
Betty found her tiles, glazed in an antique Turkish style, highly decorative in their whites and reds, they filled Wil’s bag because Betty’s was full already, weighed down by a few thousand kilometres of Turkey’s shops, markets and stalls.  Wil thought her purchases were very enterprising, she was a natural bargain hunter, and on this occasion within the Spice Bazaar, she got exceptional value.
While Betty continued to browse, Wil said he'd meet her outside on the steps to the adjoining mosque.  Prayers were being held and he felt unsure to intrude, but it was very soothing to listen to the call from outside.
Wil walked over to the bridge and the fishermen with their bamboo poles and fishing rods, casting into the water underneath, a tributary to the Bosphorus, hardly a few boats to interfere with their lines.  Wil walked the length of the bridge and came back, talking to some fishermen and getting the same answer, “No, no, not too many fish today.”

Wil realised they weren’t there to catch fish for their evening meal, they were fishing to connect with nature through their fishing poles, the fish were secondary.  A meditation of some sort was being carried out by 100 or more fishermen who stood along the edge to that bridge.  It was about connectedness to nature, possibly something most people accept as common, and so much sought after by people locked and leading their lives within the confines of a city.  This was the way they choose to do so, hanging a fishing pole off a bridge, and elsewhere, no doubt, this ritual is carried out in a myriad of ways, wherever, it's a global thing.
The days passed and Istanbul’s mysteries were found and explored.  Histories and the spirits of that place locked in place, the physical presence of each place and the stories behind each, hidden or forgotten, a sense of reverence and place to be part of those energies, they being settled and time being still, a homage to them as they are cared for and respected by those who visit with them.
The Istanbul Archaeological Museum is close by the Topkapi Palace, and the museum offers physical reminders of ancient Troy, back before the Bronze Age, knowing their spirits were replaced by others laid down above them as Troy evolved.  A museum where Roman or Greek statues could be viewed as their makers wished to display them, of burial caskets which possibly contain remains of men who fought wars and forged kingdoms.  He visited a museum where a number of sarcophagi were displayed including that of Alexander, a Greek masterpiece from the third or fourth century BC.
Istanbul, with its waterways, makes it so easy to catch a ferry all the way to where the Bosphorus tips into the Red Sea, or across to islands where Turkish people live with donkeys as their means of transportation.  Massive disjointed homes attach to green hills looking across waterways towards Istanbul.  The experience of wandering around the Grand Bazaar and it’s never ending trading stores set under stone arches and lit by a festooned array of lighting.  People and traders and any product available for a price, then walking into sunlight and having ice cream or maybe a dona-kebab, perhaps some pastries washed down with Turkish tea.
It was their last night in Istanbul before a long journey back to Australia, and after dinner, Betty showered and invited Wil to join her in her bed.  Wil feigned illness and said he wasn't feeling well, making an excuse to ensure their connection remained broken, and not reignited to be held under her spell, as one.
‘Was this the time to say, “I'm leaving you”?’ thought Wil.  Possible anger and a scene from Betty prevented him going along those steps he’d rehearsed in his mind, and the action of opening his mouth to say something so final and permanent failed him.  He'd wait until just before they got home and felt gratefully relieved to have a place and plan.
Parting of the Ways
They did arrive home after a couple of days in Seoul, South Korea, spending some time in the city, a modern and bustling place, with people on their way in life to better themselves.  Wil and Betty liked the bustle of Seoul and its unique food and again, smiling faces.  Wil had maintained the smile approach and it worked wherever.  Yet he realised a difference in the way Asians people presented themselves to those of Turkey, for Turkish people were so traditional, permanent and tolerant, while Seoul people, so modern, transparent and willing to shed their past.  Their Buddhist nature somewhat buried in progress and change.
The final leg of their flight back to Australia and Wil was drumming up the courage to say he was leaving her, and over a long part of their Turkey trip, Wil had been thinking of the Led Zeppelin song, ‘Babe, I'm Gonna Leave You’ and its haunting melody and rising and falling symphony of drum and bass guitar.  But he just couldn't step across that boundary and wondered how many others had reached this point in their lives and retreated, or didn't, or lacked the courage to leave something as secure as marriage, behind.
The emptiness, loneliness and unsettledness ahead and future darkened with unknowns, pushed away knowing the positives at home forcing the negatives to retreat and nothing coming from it.  A marriage locked into its permanence and perpetuity by the unwillingness or courage of one to open his or her mouth and say, “I'm going to leave you.”
Wil did nothing and instead quietly wrote a note to leave on the kitchen table.  A coward's way out, but something that suited him and had carried him through in life.  The note on the table and closing the door was the hardest thing he had done in his life, and in doing so, he instantly joined the world of the lonely, their emotional and sometimes tortured journeys.
The emptiness of being alone hit Wil hard on that fateful day in November.  A note on the table. Just how stupid was it, to end a marriage with a note? 
He thought to immediately turn around and retrieve it. Cover it up.  But instead he was just sitting in his Toyota RAV 4 outside his now closed office in Toowong, with files and unfinished work and client lists he had yet to phone, bank accounts, rental agreement and a collection of sundry items stacked up into the RAV 4 alongside his only suitcase and some personal items from his, and from now on, Betty's home.
Wil’s life in a Toyota RAV 4 and nowhere to go.  Emptiness and loneliness and feelings of stupid guilt about it all.  His mobile phone turned off, and at one stage Wil had thrown it into a garbage bin, but retrieved it just in case he needed or wanted to make a phone call to Betty for forgiveness and a future returning to a previous life.  But, the thought of Turkey and the decisions taken there strengthened Wil’s resolve.
No good sitting outside his Toowong office.  ‘Where I should go?’, thought Wil.  ‘Do I go north to the Sunshine Coast or faraway Cairns and the summer rain of tropical Queensland?’ or remain in his residential state.  Or does he go south into New South Wales and places he had driven through on their trips along the Pacific Highway to Sydney?  He got a coin from his pocket and decided to flick it up into the air; heads Queensland, tails New South Wales.
The coin spiralled upwards, turning in the confined spaces of a RAV 4 and came back to his outstretched hand.  Wil flicked it onto the back of his other hand and uncovered it.  It was tails and New South Wales.  The time of Wil’s adventure or change in life had taken only four hours.  The note, the office, his worldly possessions and onto a Street in Toowong had taken an eventful four hours.
In some way Wil felt good about it once he was moving along Coronation Drive back into the Brisbane CBD and over the Queen Elizabeth Bridge onto the Gold Coast Freeway.  And out into the early afternoon sun to Helensvale, stopping for a big Mac, some fuel, his last from Queensland, and then he was heading south passing by Surfers Paradise and the glitter and glass facade of the Gold Coast, onto Tweed Heads and into New South Wales.  Wil had absolutely no idea where to stop or what to do other than drive.
About three o'clock he made sure his mobile was switched off because Betty would get home sometime between three and four PM and no doubt read the note placed on the kitchen table pinned down in place by a small potted shrub which she always left there.
He travelled past Grafton and towards the coast.  A pleasant and hot November afternoon, passing the Corindi turnoff and onto the town of Woolgoolga, and home of Australia’s largest Indian Sikh community, a temple located beside the highway, now abandoned for a larger one up the Hill.
Wil turned left at the roundabout and went into town.  No reason to do so.  He knew no one here,  he just did so on impulse.  The Woolgoolga Beach Caravan Park opposite the shops beckoned and Wil asked about a cabin or on-site van for the night.  He was shown one right on the edge to the beach, the beach and its surf, and Wil said, “Yes, I'll take that one tonight.”
Settling in about 5 PM, the air still warm if not hot and Wil sauntered over to a shop and bought a pair of beach swimmers, another whim, and had a swim in the surf.
Thoughts of guilt and Betty were now behind him.  Keeping busy kept him from being alone too much.  The mobile phone still switched off.  Wil knew Betty would have rung the kids, they no doubt panicking about their Dad.  Possibly getting the police involved and no doubt going to his office in Toowong and finding it closed, and knowing, he had left Betty, and their Mum.
About six o'clock Wil hesitantly turned on his mobile and waited for the beeps to count the expected messages.  There were only two.  Should he risk it and leave the mobile phone on for Betty's call, or had she been the sender of the two or were they from the kids?  He had to know and retrieved the messages.
They were from his kids, none from Betty and retrieving the messages from his two children, not one of them had any anger to him, but of curiosity and worrying about his health and whereabouts.  Simon, Wil’s eldest son, asked just to contact him and say he's okay, nothing more and Wil pressed the call return button.
Simon answered immediately saying, “Dad we’re worried about you.  Mum told us about the letter and for some reason Mum seemed to understand and was very calm about it.  Dad, just keep in touch and keep well.  You know what you're doing and we’ll always be there for you.  What you did is between you and your mother.”
Wil apologise to Simon about the letter, the cowardice of it all, his weakness to confront their mother and just running away.  Wil said to Simon, “I'll ring Sally and tell her where I am.”
“Don't tell Sally just yet where you are.  You just settle somewhere where you feel comfortable and then tell us” Simon replied.
“Thanks Simon, I miss you a lot,” replied Wil, and feeling the emotion coming through into his voice, “I'd better go now and ring Sal.”
It was typical Wil.  When a situation arose to test his mental strength and resolve; he weakened and made an excuse.  He wasn't going to survive all this.
“Sal, its Dad.  Yes I know Mum isn't too happy about it all. I know, I know, I should have told her face-to-face, but I'd couldn't bear too.  I know I've left everyone in a mess.  I'm sorry Sal, but it's something I had to do. Ok, don’t get angry, Sal.  I decided when we were in Turkey, I was going to leave your mother, but I didn't have the courage to tell her.  I kept putting it off and after I got back home, I just didn't see any other way.  I think she would have talked me out of it. Don't worry Sally, I love you and Simon and I’m doing something for myself, the first time in my life.  I'm testing myself and taken myself from my cocoon of home and work. Sal, I’ve been a nothing man.  I've done nothing, been nowhere.  I’ve spent my life within 20 square kilometres, and I’m spineless and weak.  But, I'm going to try to change all that. Maybe I'll come back to your Mum and say I’m sorry.  But let me do my own thing at present.  Please be supportive of me and don't think I just deserted Mum.  She’s pretty strong, and something I don't know about is happening in her life.  She's changed and has become bitter about me.  And Sal, your Mum hasn’t even tried to ring me.”
Sally had not really said anything, and had just let her Dad get things off his chest.  Wil explained to Sally some details about Betty’s behaviour in Turkey, about the night her mother disappeared, the sniping at his inadequacies and lack of ambition.
Sally said, “Dad you do what you have to do.  Just let me know every now and then where you are and if you are okay.  I think you've done the right thing in a way.  And in a way, I think you've got a lot of courage to do it.  Just let us know how and where you are.”  Then she disconnected the call.
About 7 PM on that fateful day in Wil's life, Wil was found sitting on a bench beside the ocean feeling somewhat better now the kids knew, and for some reason thinking his leaving Betty was right for him.  The sounds of the ocean, a mobile phone that doesn't ring, and emptiness surrounded Wil, for he found himself sitting beside the ocean on his very own.
On his own for the first time in his married life and Wil reached for his phone dialled his home number and pressed to send.  He was going back to Betty.  But fate played its game, no answer and the memory bank reminded, “Do you want to leave a message.”  Wil knew Betty would have looked at the dial pad and seen the number and name of the incoming call.  But, she didn't answer.  It was what Wil wanted and expected.
He just said into the memory bank, “I’m Ok, goodbye Betty.  I hope you have a good life,” and ended the call.
He then turned the phone off and walked down to the sea and threw the phone into it, the ending of one life and beginning of another.
First Conversation
Woolgoolga grew on Wil.  He walked its streets, visited its shops, visited a park and walking trail behind the town and felt something holistic about being so close to nature.  He enjoyed chatting with fellow campers and permanents living in the caravan park.  Everyone had a story to tell about themselves and Wil’s seemed pretty boring, that's for sure.
He enjoyed a beer and red wine.  Wil bought fresh fruit and cooked for himself on a small gas burner in his caravan, and searched around the caravan park, and the caravan park down the street, for some accommodation more comfortable.
Wil made sure his late father's investment income was continually available and adequate enough for his daily needs and a reasonable amount of cash was tucked away from unspent dividend cheques were there for a rainy day.
On the kitchen table note to Betty, he told her of his wishes for their disillusionment.  She was to get the house and he only wanting his father’s investments and balance within his business account.  Wil called the family solicitor before placing the note on the table and asked their solicitor to prepare disillusionment papers and hold them until Betty notified him to proceed or tear them up.  He asked the solicitor to write to Betty for her instructions.
Wil was looking at a relocatable home with annex in the caravan park just down the road, and it was the one he had admired since arriving two weeks ago.  How fortuitous it was that the owner placed it on the market just after Wil arrived.  “How much do you want for it?” said Wil.  
“Mate, that's the price.  It's the bare minimum I can go down to.  Take it or leave it,” said the relocatable owner, and Wil nonchalantly replied, “I’ll take it”, and from that moment he owned a relocatable home in Woolgoolga or ‘Woopy’, as it's known to the locals.
Another fateful day and this one was going to change Wil’s life forever.
It came about while having a coffee in a little Plaza located in the main street and Wil got talking to a bloke called John who gave massage and remedial treatments for people's ailments, aches and pains.
John was different to most people.  He lived in the bush and originally set up his home in a cave under a rock shelf.  No telephone or power, and the only water supply brought up in a bucket from a stream beneath his home.  John is tall and extremely supple, mouse coloured long hair, lean face and perfect teeth.  He took a lean profile and skin is olive tone.  He wore immaculately clean clothes, clean and tidy footwear, didn't smoke or drink alcohol, was vegetarian and brought herbs into town for his clients.
John was very good at what he did.  Wil didn't know too much about any of this, but they discussed Wil’s profession as a landscape architect and coming to terms with the land.
“Come over for a chat”, said John.  “We’ll talk and have a cup of herbal tea I'll put together.  You’ll be infused with its beneficial qualities.”
Wil obliged, and about 2.30 that afternoon he turned up at the natural therapy centre and asked the receptionist if John could see him, if he was free.  An attractive young lady walked out of a room and John followed her, talking to her about some particular herd or balm and Wil couldn't help but notice, the look of admiration in the woman's eyes.  She really believed in John.
John remembered Wil and with firm handshake invited him into the same cubicle where the lady emerged.  Wil sat down while John made a cup of herbal tea over a little kitchen bar, just outside.
The room contained a massage table and chair.  John came in and set himself down upon the edge of the massage table and they talked.
The conversation drifted around to John’s training in Indonesia under a Shaolin monk, teaching John and others in a small community, teachings in meditation practice, martial arts, use of natural foods and exercises for the mind and body.
Wil thought he’d said he lived in the jungles of southern Java for fourteen years. John and asked Wil, “How old do you think I am?”
Wil said, “About mid-forties, maybe late.”
“Wil, I’m 58, about your age,” and said no more.
“Could you tell me something about spirits,” said Wil.  “When I was travelling through Turkey, I felt another force or energy was present and I was communicating with it.  I was at Gallipoli standing alongside some trenches beside the road we were standing on.  I felt the presence of the energies coming out of that place; they were spiritual of some sort and they seemed to merge with me.  John, could I ask you a question.  Is there a spirit in everything and within every place?  Are there spirits, you know, do spirits have a home and place?”
John replied with no hesitation, “My friend, every single thing and every single place has a spirit.  It’s out there and waits for you to come and connect with it.”
This strange bloke from Woolgoolga then went on to tell Wil a story about his monk who was talking to a group of followers and interrupted by a Javanese who handed him a strange looking stone.  The follower asked, “Would you have a look at this, there's something different about it.  I found it on the forest floor beside a temple overgrown by the jungle, and it seemed not to belong there.”
John continued his story, “The monk held the stone in both hands and went into a very deep concentration as the group talked and chatted.  The monk then said, “The spirit of the stone has come to me and told me its story.  This stone belonged to a beautiful woman, a young, regal looking woman, dressed in the finest cloth, finest jewellery and having many carers and people looking after her.  She has a beautiful face, the most beautiful face I have ever seen.”
“She was a Princess, and this stone sat on a ledge beside her bed.  It watched her daily life until one day, the Princess suddenly disappeared from view of the stone, for she was taken away by strangers who broke up her chamber and chased away the carers of this beautiful woman.”
John had no hesitation telling Wil, the entire group including he believed the story of the stone, because there was a temple complex in the jungle nearby and centuries before, it was the home of a Royal Javanese family.
“There’s a spirit in everything,” John suggested.  “Our surroundings are collections of individual spirits, resonating, mingling and creating the feelings we have with our surroundings.  Our surroundings become collections of energies and spirits and we can reach out and connect with them.  Yes, everything has a spirit, every flower, tree, bird, insect, every person and everything that surrounds us.  They all contain a spirit, and it is their collective spirits we receive when we’re within such a place.”
“Do you think I could find the spirit of a place?” became the only words Wil thought of in reply.
“Maybe you have, Wil.  Maybe you have already found the spirit of the place back there beside those trenches at Gallipoli.  Maybe those spirits wanted to talk to you and tell you their story about this place.  It's a story of the land, for the spirits harbour within the land.  The land will tell you the story of the spirits.  You know, Australian Indigenous Aborigines were able to talk and communicate with the spirits of the land, and they as such, lived within the land.  There's something in that.  I hope you can find it.”
“Thanks John”, replied Wil, “Can I come and talk to you some more.  I think I'm going to have a lot more questions to ask you.  And John, if you're 58, I'd like to know your secret.”
“Wil, my secret is that I live within myself and what myself can offer to me.  I don't ask it for any more than what it can offer to me.  You're welcome any time.  I come in on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and after 2:30 PM, I'm normally free.  Just drop in, and I'll help you if I may.  You and I may share something special.  I've reached that place and I only hope you can reach it too.  And Wil, I can see something in you, you have something special and it's like a flower in bud.  It's healthy and one day it will open up and reach full bloom.  Then you'll find your horizon.  This flower will take you to new places, new thoughts, new beginnings and that flower will multiply into many flowers and blooms for others to see, touch and smell.  Your day is to come, my friend.  Your about to choose a pathway, that’s going to become your life.  Your past life…. forgotten.”
“Thanks”, said Wil, “I appreciate that.  But how did you know I'm in a bit of a dilemma.”
“It’s in your face and eyes”, said John, “They’re hurting, but soft and caring.  You're been hurt and your rather frail.  But your eyes are telling me of hope and a new beginning.  Trust me, my friend, I'm never wrong.  Keep faith is in yourself, that's all I ask of you; it will give you strength and purpose.  If its spirits you're chasing, go to them for they wait and maybe you'll learn to listen to their secrets.  Connecting with them becomes the true essence of nature and life.”
Wil felt himself becoming really uplifted as he walked out of that therapy centre.
He thought to himself as he strolled back down the road to his caravan.  ‘I'm going to take a journey to find a spirit, my spirit and spirit to give me strength and guidance and faith in life, a sanctuary to call my own.  But, I have no idea where it is and what form it takes and asking how, the where’s and why’s of it all!’
Thinking some more he continued, ‘I have been to places where spirits live, and my life has passed many spirits, and they have touched me as I suspect all creatures of nature and humans have done so over the millennium of time.  Maybe John is right and there is a spirit for every place.  I’ve come from a simple life to a complicated life, and it’s all about spirits.’
Wil got back and pulled a cold beer from his fridge and went outside to a favourite chair and small table he had found, sat down and had a draught of beer, thinking to himself, ‘Could I take a journey in the quest to find a spirit and spiritual awakening?  That alone satisfying, but possibly opening up a horizon for anyone who wants to find their spirit and possibly, a spiritual destiny.  Maybe those places I'll visit have been visited by others and they have been touched by the spiritual strength of that place as its spirits come to meet them.  Maybe we could all share something of spiritual awakenings and death.  Maybe we should become perplexed and question, and offered few answers as we ponder our quest.  But where does this journey begin?’
‘Does everything and every place contain a spirit?  This question keeps cropping up.’
‘Too many questions, and they are so confusing.  Questions about spirits, cathedrals, mosques, temples, the church, religious ceremony, Hindu shrines, voodoo, history of cultures, and Aboriginal connection to their land.  Spirits have followed us down through the millennium, and here we are in this sophisticated and highly technological age, asking, do we need them or is there a place for them anymore?  Hey, all this stuff John’s said about spirits could be just bunk!’
‘Have we evolved enough to discard the needs for spirits, they once there to guide, we entranced and spellbound under their control, and willing to be led towards a destiny of their making? Today's spirits are made for us by others, maybe commercial or there to make someone powerful, more powerful, and rich, and they foster the need to create a spirit for money, influence and control.  John could be right, there’s something in all this.’
‘Are we being led away from our past and now face stark reality of an uncaring and selfless society which seeks to empower through knowledge, education, and rationalisation, logical thought and change?  Are all of them taking us away from our past?  Have we evolved and moved away from a spiritual legacy and connection with the land and our heritage?  Is the Church or religious order there to fill the gap and provide salvation of another kind?  Are they there to help, or draw us into something we lose control of and become their pawn?’
‘To some, such spirits are of a beneficial kind.  But to others like me, some are spirits of the detrimental kind and energies which take from us, leaving us weaker, and they aren’t spirits there to lift and behold us to enter worlds of betterment, euphoria and perpetuity.  Are some of us losing faith in what is offered through our allegiance and acceptance of someone’s God?  Is it the Church, Mosque or Temple that is leading us away from spirits of our own making?  Becoming in themselves our guide and shining light.  This is deep stuff’, thought Wil.
So the early part of a journey is about questions, and too many blasted questions.
But, Wil saw himself as a different person wanting to go along his own spiritual pathway.  He didn't want to follow the Church, Islam, the Dalai Lama, Guru or whatever.  Maybe he might be tempted, then become devoted and eventually locked in to their continual hold.
‘No’, thought Wil, ‘I want to find a true God, my God not fringed or tainted by mankind, and manipulated and abused by some for personal gain, wealth, power, and manipulation of others.  Gee, I'm thinking of heavy stuff here.’
Wil is thinking our salvation for sure, but where does God and our spiritual salvation lie?  Are they one and inseparable as a Gospel Church service in Alabama or Synagogue or Mosque in Sydney or Beirut, or even within Jerusalem?  Christ coming to us through some song or words and phrases.  
‘Okay, but I'm unsure whether I want to follow one of those pathways.  So do I search within myself that question, what is a spirit?  Can I find it in a place?  Can I travel to places and be absorbed by it?’
Wil had finished his beer and looking at the ocean break decided, ‘I need a journey and I'm going to go and take one.’
Beginnings of a Journey
The next couple of weeks were pretty mundane.  Wil was occupied in leaving his rented caravan and moving into the relocatable he had recently purchased.  Every time he walked past his new home he felt he had bought a gift, ocean frontage for not much money at all.
“I hope you enjoy the place, mate”, said the bloke who sold the relocatable to Wil, “It's been good to me and my missus.  You'll find you'll like it here and the sound of the ocean gets you to sleep at night.  If you like a beer, there are plenty of blokes here who’ll knock one down with you.  And if you're not careful, they’ll put you under the table.”
Once Wil got possession, he was surprised to find they had left a couple of chairs and nice table out the front, and from there, the waves and sounds of the ocean could be heard and seen.  Wil did a deal with them for the furniture, so he basically was able to walk straight in and settle down.  Purchasing the relocatable took the money he had saved in his work account and sale of some shares which he felt were doing no good.
It wasn't too long before his neighbours started dropping in with a couple of beers and their wives bringing along something for a snack.  They welcomed him in like a lost friend and Wil immediately felt at home.  They didn't seem to mind him living on his own, and most said, it won't be too long before someone will want to move in with you.  Wil wasn't thinking about female companionship for the rawness of his separation from Betty was still in his mind, and the thought of starting all over again with its unknowns was too much for him.
So here he was sitting down looking across the ocean and beach, thinking how crazy they are with values here.  I've got prime waterfront for a site rental of $150 a week!  No council rates or whatever other than insurance, and Wil was up for the electricity he consumed.  The relocatable was a two bedroom place with combined living and kitchen and separate bathroom with toilet.  It was about twenty five years since construction and showing wear and tear from exposure to the ocean and salt laden winds.
He didn't mention to the bloke the reason he purchased was because of its Feng Shui.  It has great Feng Shui, facing North and East to water.  Protection on each side and rear by other relocatable homes; winter sun coming out of the sea in front, a shaded area on his veranda and a cool ocean breeze in summer.  Not any ‘sha’ or inauspicious Chi imposing to influence Wil, just plenty of ‘sheng’ auspicious Chi, and its companion to him......Harmony.
Sitting there with a cold beer in a stubby cooler and thinking about John and his conversation, a great uplifting feeling was coming over him.  It wasn't the alcohol or the location but a direction to something so new, and so many unknowns.  He was going to take a journey, and sitting here with a fresh beer, it was time to call the kids.
His conversations with them went something like this.
“Simon, its Dad.  How are you going?  I'm good Simon, and how is Mum?  Oh, did she, okay, that's fine if she's happy.  Look Simon, don’t tell Mum but I'm in Woolgoolga.  I've bought a relocatable home right on the beachfront and I'm off to Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam in a few weeks.  Just thought I'd let you know.  No, but I'm not going to find a wife or anything, Simon.  No, I'm going over there just to look around.  Me on my own with a Lonely Planet guide, I guess.  God knows where it'll take me, but Simon, I'm well and feeling good.  I’ve never been better, in fact.  Yes, I've got a new mobile phone.  You'd now have the number and please keep it to yourself.  Keep well, Simon.  Yes I will, you okay?  That's fine, the job?  That's good, keep at it and don't be like Dad.  Go take some time off and have an adventure one day.  Don't you worry about that.  See you...”
Another conversation.
“Sal, its Dad.  I'm good, are you?  That's great.  Yes, I know I should have let you know before now.  I just wanted to find somewhere where I was happy and somewhere comfortable to be in.  It's Woolgoolga, about 30 km north of Coffs Harbour in New South Wales.  Yes, I know, I've gone interstate.  Hey, I like it.  I should have done something like this before.  Okay, okay, Sally.  I know your mum may be feeling that way, but it's comforting to know, she's worried for me.  Please tell her I'm fine.”  
And then some information he didn’t expect…
“What’s that?  Gee, she didn't waste much time.  What's he like.  Oh, her boss.  Sally, has it been going on for a while?  Oh!  This is a bit of a shock, are you sure?  Maybe now I know why she behaved the way she did in Turkey.  You know Sally. I'm very relieved about all this.  She's cut herself off so simply and she didn't give a toss about me anyway.  Yes, I will.  Oh, Sally, I'm off to Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam in a couple of weeks.  I’m off on my own with a copy of a Lonely Planet.  I don't know.  I'll just do it.  Maybe something will come to me.  Sal, I met a bloke the other day, who talked about spiritual places and spirits.  Look Sal, I felt about the same things while in Turkey.  He said things I liked.  Maybe they’re what I'll explore.”  
“My landscape architecture was dead anyway, Sally.  I tried to sell it to a mate.  He just laughed, so I closed it down, all done in a few hours.  I will, I will.  I’ll come back to it one day.  God knows when and where, but I'll come back to it and maybe something different, something of Asia, something of Asian influences and possibly something of Asian beliefs and culture.  I don't know.  Yes Sally, I will.  Your job okay, that's great.  Keep at it.  Yes, I spoke to Simon.  No, don't tell Mum where I am or what I'm doing.  I'm beginning not to like her for what she's done to me, Sal.  At least she could have had the honesty and decency to tell me she had met another man.  Why did she string me out over Turkey?  I don’t think I wanted that.  Bye, Sal.  You keep well”...and he signed off.
Thinking his wife was seeing another man, and her boss to boot.  Wil should be devastated but he was relieved for some reason.
Two conversations that had to be had and a decision, he was going on a trip to Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam in two weeks, but only one problem.  It is the first he knew about it, for Wil had made up the story about the trip as he spoke to Simon and Sally, thinking it would pacify his children.
That John bloke, thought Wil.  Maybe one day I'll curse him or maybe be grateful for what he said about me and spirits becoming aligned.  He sure is a strange one.  Anyone who lived in a cave has to be strange.  Maybe he is just way ahead of us simple people leading simple lives.
Wil took a walk up the road into the Woolgoolga shopping strip, stepped through the doorway into a travel agency and said, “G’day, my name is Wil Sinclair.  I’m staying just down the road and was wondering, could you do a deal for me on an air flight from Brisbane or Sydney?  Whatever is cheapest to Vientiane or maybe Luang Prebang in Laos.  I'm thinking I would like to come back to Australia in about three weeks or so and depart via Ho Chi Minh.”
“Mister Sinclair, I'm Rebecca, and welcome to Woolgoolga Travel.  And those places again, let's see.  We have one special at present, but the special ends in two weeks if that's fine.  Can you hang on.”
There was a pause as Wil looked across at her computer screen, then Rebecca said, “Let's see, I think I can get you on.  Did you want to have Christmas over there?”
Wil said, “I hadn’t thought about it.”
“What do I call you, William or Bill?”
“I'm known as Wil.”
Another pause and Rebecca was back from her computer terminal with a suggestion for Wil, “Is that price okay?  It's inclusive of all taxes.”  Then another silent pause.  “It’s leaving Sydney, if that's okay.  Can you get to Sydney, Mr Sinclair?  Can you hold the line another minute and I'll check for an airfare from Coffs Harbour.  Yes, I've got one for $80 each way, and you're lucky, they connect to your flights.  You just have to get from domestic to international at Mascot.”
“Go and do it”, said Wil.
Another long pause, “Done, Mister Sinclair, you're off to Asia, December 6.  How do you want to pay?”
“I can bring a cheque down to you in five minutes,” said Wil.
‘Done’, thought Wil, ‘Wow, I did it.  This time no itinerary or agenda, just follow where the nose points.  I just booked myself a journey into Asia and no Betty.’  Wil thought he’d better get a Lonely Planet as a backup or some guidebook to guide him in between each place.  ‘It's nice to have options.  And like Turkey’, Wil thought, ‘I’ll do it on the road like the backpackers do, with the people of the land, and that's the exciting part!’
Laos
Luang Prebang in Laos, and Wil had to find his way from the airport into the city after flying in from Bangkok.  An easy trip and he was not feeling tired as he felt he would.  Then he became hounded by taxi drivers asking for his destination.  Wil responding casually with the name of the guesthouse he had decided was in the ideal location as circled by him in his Lonely Planet.  Ensuring he remembered the name to appear as if he had been here before.
Luang Prebang and its history of settlement including a time as capital and governance of Laos, and home to Kingdoms and to hundreds of buildings now preserved for World Heritage.  A place of tranquillity and charm exuded by the French Colonial facades of buildings, especially those facing its main street or located alongside the street facing the Mekong River.
After flying into Luang Prebang from Bangkok, Wil was relieved to arrive at the first destination of an overseas trip on his own, thinking he had never left Australia’s shores other than the Turkey trip with Betty.  Travelling wasn’t too hard for single people.  Some confidence is needed and some organisation is definitely necessary.  Wil caught his flight from Coffs Harbour to Mascot in Sydney, took the underground rail between domestic and international, hung around as travellers do, then a direct flight to Bangkok using Thai Air.
Luang Prebang looked inviting as he made his way into town in a taxi, sharing it with a couple from the US.  The couple were staying at some more upmarket hotel and split the taxi fare with Wil.  They were sure they were getting ripped off, because they had no choice other than take the taxi and accept the quote.  Wil was staying out of all this.
Travelling alone has its moments.  Rooms are generally quoted for doubles or twin share or whatever, but they cost the same for one as for two.  It would have been nice to be accompanied by another person for someone to talk to, wait with the bags, share a meal, especially evenings and not having to sit there at a table all alone in a place of couples and groups, and they all seem to be laughing.  ‘Blast them, why can't they be downcast and grouchy?’
But, Wil was happy and content.  He had money in his wallet, money in the bank for ATM’s, a Lonely Planet to tell him where the centres of each town are located, and where the greatest concentrations of guesthouses or hotels are, and these generally accompanied by restaurants, shops and transport hubs, really not needing anything more.
Why book somewhere over the Internet to find its description on the website so different to that found in person?  It's better to get a taxi, bus or whatever to the centre of the most concentrated places where guesthouses or the hotels shown on the city map are found.  Pick one to guide the taxi driver and get dropped off outside, and don't let them take you to one they recommend.  Although that option isn’t so good in the middle of the night which is commonplace and plan B is required.  It suggests if arriving late at night, it’s wise to pre-book a room for the first night, a bed to crash into, and tomorrow, if needed, search for something better.

Wil followed this advice, not by choice or his own fruition, but through some bloke and his companion in Woopy who wrote down for Wil ten or so travelling tips, and Wil liked their honesty and friendliness and things they said about the many places they had visited.  Their tips had been gathered through trial and error.
The Mekong Home Inn Guesthouse has a lot going for it; plenty of rooms, which were clean, and friendly staff behind the desk.  The Guesthouse was centrally located, just a walk around the corner to the Mekong River and its French colonial architecture, small shops, more guesthouses and many places to eat.  This guesthouse was only a short walk up by slight hill to the main street running through the centre of Luang Prebang with its many cafes and small shops.  During the early evening, the street was closed to traffic and became home to a hundred or so small stalls with their mostly women owners only too willing to bargain and smile over a deal.  A market known worldwide for Laotian wares and crafts made in homes and small villages scattered throughout the district, and the market was a good place to get a memento of local silver, a hand stitched wall hanging or carry bag.
People and plenty of people, and Wil thought he was at home here.  Upon arriving at Luang Prebang airport, he purchased a duty-free bottle of whiskey for a nip every evening about 5PM, to ward off the five o'clock blues; lonely and single travellers sometimes get.  They can be busy or the centre of attention.  But times arrive when travellers are on their own, too early for dinner and too late to start something new.  It’s that period in between and sometimes an empty feeling takes over as one part of the day ends and the next, yet to unfold.
The next day, Wil found himself walking down to the riverbank and taking a river trip up to the Pak Ou Caves, and on his own.  So easy to hire a boat, although negotiating a price is the difficult part without feeling like you were getting ripped off, and getting ripped off while travelling in strange places seems to be a common discussion topic amongst backpackers or those who choose to travel the road avoiding tour packages or groups.
Wil felt serene and at peace sitting down alone under the canopy of a slow river boat.  This was living as the lapping water flicked by and the boat master sitting up the back kept to himself.  It was a chance for Wil to look at the landscapes adjoining the Mekong.  His first time in S E Asia and he was becoming entwined in its landscapes, as tropical vegetation in their lush greens etched by, he was struck with how different to the dry sclerophylls of Australian Eucalyptus they were.  Coconut palms and bamboo clumps seemed very much in place here, a backdrop of misty and smoke covered hills.  The Mekong River, the lifeblood for millions of people, unaware and doing its thing, just keeping on rolling, rolling along.
Arriving at the cave he found some Israeli tourists were within it.  This group of men straight out of the army and still pretty wild in their attitude and behaviour, but they quietened down when Wil turned up and he began to walk around the Buddha’s in silent amazement of the numbers and difference in their imagery.  Buddha images in their hundreds, many broken with pieces missing, the images looking back at their visitors in silence within the backdrop of earth upon the cave floors, stone walls and ceilings.  Buddha’s and their individual pasts unknown, same for where they came from, and how they got there.
He could feel their presence after the Israelis left.  There was something spiritual about the presence of these images set within the caves.  Each image came from a home elsewhere, collected and placed within the caves to prevent them becoming destroyed by an invader or marauding tribes, who regularly over the centuries, moved through the countryside and seemingly without hesitation, showed a willingness to pillage and destroy things which didn’t belong or were unacceptable to their culture.  They laid waste structures like Buddhist Wost and temples, and the Buddha images Wil was looking at were collected from homes and temples many centuries ago to prevent them becoming destroyed.  Now safe in confinement within this cave, perched within a cliff face looking down upon the Mekong River gently meandering past.
Wil didn't know what it was, but he liked the caves.  He was connecting to it and the secret knowledge those Buddha images remain mysterious enough to maintain his interest.  Thinking, ‘histories and spirits go together’.
On the return boat trip to Luang Prebang, Wil asked the driver to stop so Wil could see what a local village looked like.  A good choice, for a corn or rice distillery was in action and a villager only to keen to ask Wil if he wanted a sip.  The liquor livened up Wil’s throat as it passed by, bringing a gasp and the distiller laughing a laugh.  Wil purchased a small bottle wrapped in woven bamboo strips to take back home as a memento.
Returning to Luang Prebang and taking a walk late in the afternoon, Wil became intrigued to visit a Buddhist Wot after listening to the calling to prayer.  Prayers preceded by a drum beating in a slow melodic rhythm, and it was calling monks to come into the temple for evening player, but also a chance for foreigners to listen to the chanting of Buddhist monks.  Wil walked to this place and sat cross legged behind the monks.  Nothing grand about this temple or wot, but the sounds of prayer coming to him made him feel relaxed to be within their presence.
A fellow traveller had told Wil to get to the Wat Xieng Thong Temple for evening prayer and get there just after five o'clock.  A must when in Luang Prebang he said, even if it’s just to visit this magnificent structure of timber which had been preserved by the one of the invaders.  The traveller said the invader was Genghis Khan, and its presence was even marvelled by him.  Even today the temple remains a special place for one to sit behind the Buddhist monks and listen, meditate and watch the reflections of candle light dancing across Buddhist images.  The following evening, Wil did as he was told and sat in silence and let the monk’s voices come into his mind, resonate with, and deliver the energy of this place.
Wil had reached his place, here in the temple.  The frescoes on the walls, the massive golden Buddha image and supporting Buddha’s on each side, the massive timber columns holding the structure together, and light and shadow entwined; they dancing with the prayers of the monks.  Wil was searching for some empowering thing to overtake him and transform him to another level.  He just felt calm and in reverence to be here, in this place.
Thinking back to the whys of doing this and the making of a list of spiritual places to visit.  Maybe he should and with each, seeking some experience to capture their spirits somehow, and collect them in his mind to gradually transfer him into something he had no idea what.  He had visited the Pak Ou Caves and this temple, but they didn't have spirits which came to the door to greet him or was he missing something?
He was missing something and felt it may lay in part in the knowledge or knowing about a place, its histories and peoples accompanying them.  And now, the buildings or places preserving them in their physical presence, and within them, become locked…. its spirits.
Sitting within the Wat Xieng Thong Temple and thinking, maybe that's where spirits lay, content to be there in the knowledge that Genghis Khan spared the temple because of its beauty and grandeur, and used it himself as a place of meditation.  At that time, Genghis Khan’s followers or tribesman were looting and destroying other temples.  This is a special place because of its survival it made a witness to those people who had passed before and within, including present times, and its spirits remain there, in peace.
Wil was getting somewhere and felt if he made any further trips, he would learn something about places he wanted to visit before he arrived, fore-knowledge gave an appreciation for what lay in history, hopefully finding something physically appealing to resonate with rather than a factual description in a travel book, or Wikipedia via the Internet.
Luang Prebang and Wil came together like the thousands of visitors before. Luang Prebang has a magic feeling about it, helped by its people and custom.  But it’s changing, and a couple Wil spoke to during a meal were telling him this was their third visit, and their first one was 20 years ago.  They came by motor lorry and bounced along, sitting on its timber deck.  Luang Prebang was then a town of scattered and ancient architectural structures acting as sentinels to its past when the city was capital to the kingdom of Laos.  They said the city was host to the French who ran the country from here and in doing so left their architecture behind.  But, they told Wil this would be their last visit, these days there are too many people.
Luang Prebang is a settled place and tucked in beside the Mekong and the junction of a tributary, a pleasant city living its life within orderly streets and buildings biding time and still welcoming to this day, for there isn’t too many places that can boast the numbers of buildings listed underneath the World Heritage Trust.
After a couple of days enjoying the tranquillity of Luang Prebang, Wil took a public bus ride to Vientiane, and was conned by the ticket seller who sold Wil a ticket for the deluxe air conditioned, first class bus which failed to materialise.  But no, they said that one had broken down and all on offer today is the public bus which happened to have rice bags stacked down the middle, leaving not much else.  Wil was crammed into a seat and joined a busload of backpackers and locals.  The bus trip was an adventure of its own as it ground its way up over the hills and creaked its way down into the valleys of Laos, a pretty country slipping by, past pleasant and green villages and their people seemingly content to be where they are.
Wil had struck up conversation with a couple of travellers on the bus trip and they swapped stories of travel and places.  One seasoned traveller said too Wil, “To get to Cambodia, why don’t you go down to Paske and take the public bus to the Injune Khmer ruins, then take a public boat to Don Det and Don Com, and enjoy life in the land of 10,000 islands?”
After arriving in Vientiane well after sunset, Wil joined a few backpackers to share a taxi and luckily it found a pleasant looking place tucked into a side street somewhere in near the city centre.  The two star hotel the group found turned out to be better than a two star hotel should be.  Wil surprised by the comfort of his room.  It had a comfortable firm mattress double bed, en-suite bathroom and air conditioned, far too cheap for what they asked, but this was early days for the commercialisation of Vientiane as a tourist destination.
The group settled in and walked a block or two to find a restaurant which offered four or five star cuisine or what that meant.  For Wil and his travelling mates Vientiane cuisine was world class.  Vientiane was extremely hot when Wil visited so he booked a seat on an overnight coach to Paske and spent the day having a spell.  Wil remembered Betty and her instant travel changes and thought, she was right, there's no adventure if he had to plan every movement out in advance.  If he did so he would have planned the adventure out of his trip.  And this simple reasoning changed again the way Wil would travel and experience life.  He became free of constraint and rigidity and those things which had held him down for so long.
He would have made a different life for him and Betty if he had taken some risks, and maybe they would be still together, and she had not seen her boss as something more than a boss.  These thoughts came as Wil was sitting on a night bus to Paske and thinking of Betty making love to someone new and they willing to take the sexual journey he didn't have courage or knowledge to carry out; another man probably able, because his life had gone beyond a 20 km radius in Brisbane.
It was early morning and the bus arrived at Paske at its bus station and Wil found himself waiting for the bus to Injune.  Wil spend a couple of hours walking around a marketplace attached to the bus station to find something suitable for breakfast which was difficult, so he just had a couple of bananas.
It wasn't long before someone pointed out to Wil that his bus was over there.  So Wil alighted onto his bus and sat there as it gradually filled. But it kept on filling until no room was left in the back and then people climbed onto the roof while others pushed themselves together onto the seat next to the driver.  The alleyway between the seats in the rear also filled and Wil found himself benched in between two Lao people and one offering him an egg which still had a partly formed chicken inside.  It had been hard-boiled, and offered to Wil with a beaming smile through broken teeth.  Wil apologised and instead took some Papaya cut with a broken handed bone knife by the woman sitting next to him, she also beaming with her smile.  This trip was going to be an adventure alright because it was a mass of human bodies attached to something underneath.
The seating area of the bus would be no more than 6' x 6', and there were 14 or more cramped around him, and four more on the front seat and six on the roof and two hanging on to the tailgate.  It had to be a record of some kind, but the bus also carried their chickens and rice, and clothing they purchased or traded, and their food, and eggs with the baby chicken cooked inside.
The motley bunch eventually crossed the river but had to unload from the bus and travel across the river separately.  Once reboarding, they had a short journey into Injune and home to some Khmer ruins.
Wil visited the ruins during the afternoon, taking a long walk, but there was no spiritual offering coming for Wil, just something to do on a stinking hot afternoon.
Next morning saw Wil standing on the riverbank with others waiting for a public boat to arrive and take them to Don Det.  It was going to be his first public boat trip on the Mekong and he had a feeling this one would also be an adventure.
He wasn't disappointed as the river boat finally arrived and picked him up with a couple of Lao people.  Dropping and picking up local passengers and what they carried as it slowly worked its way downstream.  The boat took a stop beside the riverbank and everyone got off to relieve themselves under the steep sandy riverbank while local village children stood above and looked on.  There was plenty of laughter from them and not too sure who or what they were laughing at, the women squatting and the blokes trying to hide themselves.
The boat eventually dropped Wil and four other backpackers on the riverbank at a place unknown, then left.  It wasn't the village of Don Det, but some lonely jetty on the other side of the island.  The group found themselves stranded, but relieved to find a villager who had a telephone for a taxi operator in Don Det to come and pick them up.  Wil and the others laughed as they realised they were again supporting the Lao people in so many ways.  The taxi turned out to be a utility, but the trip presented a chance to look at the scenery on the island which was breathtaking in its beauty, diversity, bountifulness and harmony.  These people truly lived with the land and wanted for no more.  Wil noticed they had no real need for power lines, motor bikes or television antennas.
Passing through countryside which was dotted in coconut palms and small fields of rice and corn, stands of bananas, papaya and possibly peanuts or whatever plant that choose that place to put its feet into, knowing it would grow and yield.  If there was a God's place, this had to be it.
After arriving in Don Det and finding a guesthouse, Wil got talking with a couple of veterinarians from London who had no money, not even enough to wash their clothes.  Wil obliged with free beer and some cash for a room so they could have a shower and toilet surrounded by four walls.  They were friends for life and no doubt one day would finish their tripping and return to the United Kingdom to become veterinarians, fixing up dogs and cats for exorbitant prices, one day remembering their trip down to the bottom end of Laos and the land of 10,000 Islands. 
The Island of Don Khon is located just down the river, quickly becoming a must visit place for backpackers, in more ways than one.  It is a place to chill out in, escape into, freeze their life and get into locally grown marijuana and cheap booze.  A place where a hammock could be strung between two coconuts and its occupant perched over a flowing river, music floating through the breezes, tropical fruit on hand, and a bar and restaurant nearby.  The two islands offered another life for some and Wil could picture himself coming back one day with a new Betty and show her this magical land, and when it happens, he would arrive as the experienced and knowledgeable traveller of lands, and life.
Cambodia
The adventure continues and after a couple of days enjoying the hospitality of Don Det and Don Com Islands, Wil became pals with a girl from Utah or maybe it was Wyoming, and he also befriended a Korean girl working for the United Nations in Bangkok.  The Korean girl had balls, much more than Wil, for it was amazing to watch her deal with the man wanting a bribe before allowing them to cross into Cambodia, and payment for a fast boat ride down a flooding Mekong River to Stung Treng.  This girl impressed Wil so much he wanted to follow her like a dog on a leash for she was so much in control of herself and those around her.
The trip she negotiated was on a fast boat ride down the Mekong to Stung Treng, and it isn’t a ride for the fainthearted.  The boat was of planked timber, joining with a river wild of floating logs and debris, and the boat guided by the boat master at the rear hanging onto a loud four-cylinder petrol engine with an extended shaft and propeller; while on the bow of the boat, perched a river man signalling to the driver to guide the craft between floating logs and debris, as it was doing 30 to 40 knots.  To hit one would be an instant death or long time in the river, hopefully reaching some island or land before sinking under the rivers surface.  But, that was to no avail for the driver was very accomplished and no doubt didn’t want to end his life to become part of the Mekong River.
Stung Treng reached and all were safe, the Korean girl not satisfied in screwing the boatmen of a few US dollars or taking from the officer at the border crossing, his expected bribe and now she deciding to take on the accommodation dealing for our small group and we each got a room in a modern, clean hotel for $3 US including linen and separate bathroom.  She’ll go a long way and Wil wondered; ‘if she would come out to Australia to help run the country, we’d no doubt become the richest country in the world’.
Wil noticed something else there were no adult people to be seen in Stung Treng or so few.  It was noticeable, and the legacy of Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge was to be seen.  Their cleansing had physically removed all older people from the villages, they had been taken away never to be seen again.
The next part of the journey for the backpackers staying at Stung Treng was to board a slow moving ferry to take them further down the Mekong to a river port, and then a transfer into some minibuses for a 90 km ride into Phnom Penh.
A group of Israeli soldiers accompanied Wil or more so, he accompanied them, and they asked the driver to stop at a roadside stall so they could savour some spiders which had been roasted and served on a plate.  Wil found himself joining them and the group boarded the minibus again to be taken to a bus station, and the operators of the bus station trying to force the group to change onto another bus and repay the fare.  The Israeli soldiers sorted that one out and Wil was glad to be in their company.  They had good training, and the Cambodians playing their game, were no match.  It was a pity the South Korean girl had taken another minibus for she no doubt would have added her influence with the Israeli’s, and probably left the bus station with them paying us!
The minibus did arrive at Phnom Penh and the Israelis bargained for Wil for his bed for the night.  He ended up in Number Three Guesthouse down beside a lake.  Wil found himself in the background as they bargained down his room to two US dollars.
He was experiencing a whole new life with these people who were able to travel on such limited budgets and still enjoy their surroundings.  Probably better and more intimately than those who stay in the luxurious hotels and air conditioned coaches.  Doing their deals seem to be an everyday part of the adventure for the Israelis and those who backpack on a limited budget.
Taking the journey becoming more than the destination, and this was another point the couple back in Woopy made.  Take the journey Wil, and the destination will follow.  Your memories will stay with the journey, the unknowns always beckon.
Wil quietly left his new found Israeli friends after a night of pot smoking, including himself, something new and another type of adventure, drinking beer with them straight from the bottle and escaping to find himself trying to sleep somehow on a thin mattress with no sheets or pillows and the toilet being just a hole in the floor with the lake underneath.  He was beginning life as a new Wil.
The next morning after a hard night’s sleeping on a very thin mattress found Wil glad to be in a Tut Tut heading into central Phnom Penh looking for a hotel with some comforts, and he found a beauty, right on the Tonle Sap, a front facing room with balcony with small table and chair.  Perfect location and stacks of cafes and restaurants up and down facing the esplanade either side of him.  To Wil, this was living.  He found a place with a promenade across the roadway and plenty of people using it to relax or take a pleasure boat for a short cruise on the Tonle Sap, a scene of continuing life and movement.
Wil decided he wanted to see the Killing Fields as a reminder to the legacy of Pol Pot, but first the School which had been converted into detention cells and places of torture and place where men, women and children if they survived, were conditioned to be loaded onto a lorry to be taken to some fields just outside the city, and there to their final resting place.
Visiting these two places was on the list Wil made before leaving Australia.  He had prepared a list of places he would visit hoping the significance of each could release its spirits as something for Wil to receive.  Maybe it was a stupid list and took away other reasons to visit such places.
Thinking these two places were so stark in their visual impacts, they surely must strike him with something of spiritual enlightenment, if that was what they were supposed to do.  Wil visiting the two places to witness the atrocities of the Khmer Rouge and Pol Pot, but leaving them both confused in his so called spiritual awakening.  He could trace his mind back to the days when the school was overflowing of men and women and children being tortured or dying or waiting for a lorry to take them to the fields outside the city, and there, they were brutally murdered and thrown sometimes still alive into a freshly dug hole in the ground.
If these people's spirits could be brought to Wil’s mind, he didn't want them, or was unable to receive them, and felt their spirits were lost and tortured as they were; trapped in the anguish of that time.
He was alone when he arrived at the killing fields and commenced a journey as he saw it.  It wasn’t the rags of cloth sticking out of the ground that cloaked those thrown into and underneath it or a bone fragment sticking out of the dirt pathway.  He could see it.  Or the dental plate of someone perfectly fused on the surface, there for all who pass to see, its teeth no longer attached.  They became different moments and brought forward different feelings.
He missed something very special during his visit to the killing fields, for all he felt was anguish and emptiness, anger at the bastardry of brutality on innocent people; they caught at the wrong place and time.  It was a place for those who lay under the earth.  They came to this place on the back of a truck, listening to music in the background, signed a confession or their death warrant, then were blindfolded and led to the side of a hole in the ground to become silenced with the edge of a hoe, a length of pipe, their throat slit by a serrated edge of a palm frond taken from a palm growing nearby to prevent them making any sound, the palm coming from the earth, and supplying the means to take people back into the earth, those thrown in still alive and dying, music blearing in the background hiding any cries from those still waiting.  Surely, these spirits are those that have to surpass all time, so their lives are not lost forever.  It’s their spirits that take them from this place to something better.  But, Wil couldn’t connect with them.  He wasn’t able to.  He shouldn’t.  They were locked away from him.
The anguish of the place confusing Wil, and he thought, ‘Are there places with their spirits or is that just crap?  John and his bull-shitting again, for how can some place, you know, you can't draw them or place them onto a landscape drawing; how can a place have spirits?’  And that’s where its spirits are, the place, and Wil felt anguished and angry for being led on this merry-go-round.  He was so wanting to join with them, so they weren’t lost.  Emptiness haunted him.
Then different thoughts replaced that emptiness as the Tut Tut weaved its way between potholes on the roadway leading back to the city from the killing fields and a rapidly setting sun; a flat tyre on a country lane, left Wil beside the roadway while the driver found a replacement or repair for the tyre.
It was the sun setting and no movement to be found, and Wil could visualise this same roadway carrying those people from the school right past this same spot.  And they were being transported on the back of an old lorry and unbeknown to them, to their ending.  Wil could feel their presence as the sun set and darkness folded over the landscape; fading light creating menacing shadows within the trees.  It was Yin coming to lay claim to the night, and with Yin and darkness… Death.  Those on those trucks unaware this was their final journey.  What would be in their thoughts as they moved past this spot?
Do spirits follow the turbulence or passivity of the scene?  There’s something else which brings them forth.
It was the mixing of light and shadow that created that picture, not the sunken holes in the ground or the rows and rows of skulls excavated from them that he had recently left.  Although, Wil thought, no way could he return to the sunken earth and fading mounds after darkness fell.  The spirits then becoming as powerful as the Yin of darkness came to welcome them.  Death, finality, and Yin, as one.
Being present at that place on the roadway at that time reignited his passion to go forward, and John from Woopy, vindicated as no doubt he will probably be so again.
‘Do spirits follow death?  Christ’s spirit didn’t evolve until he was crucified.  So many things to understand about spirits’, thought Wil.
Another day, another trip, another adventure along the way, another destination, and this cumulating in plying the Tonle Sap in a ferry bound for a stop beside some shacks perched over the water, and from the edge of the lake, walking ashore down a plank not far outside Siem Reap.  A trip for not much longer when a road connection opens to take the patronage away from the Tonle Sap.
Wil got into town on the back of a motor cycle holding his bag between his knees and got dropped off outside a hotel picked from his Lonely Planet, Mom’s Place.  A relatively good one and fairly new and hosts friendly, only too helpful to find someone who would take Wil through Angkor and its many temples.
As the afternoon drifted into the afternoon sky, Wil’s new found Tut Tut driver took Wil to purchase his pass for the Angkor complex.  The driver assuring Wil, this was the way to get 3 days for the price of two and if there's such a term, the driver knew every trick in the book about visiting Angkor separate from the tourist coaches and their passengers who find their visit to Angkor being carried out as a group rather than the lone experience.
Two days with his Tut Tut driver and two days of temples, landscapes, vistas and memories of wonderment to visit structures so large, complex and so elaborate.  Thinking, his student days at the architecture drafting College would have given him a seizure if he had to draw to the scale and complexity used in the construction of some temple mountains of Angkor.
Angkor Wat itself; its five spiralling towers, verandas and levels, continually rising to release features such as sunken bath houses, accommodation complexes for those who lived within, stone walls carved and decorated with that of figurines, etchings and stories of its creation.  Angkor Wat is also a place to return to at sunset or at the beginning of daybreak to witness light and shadow weave it’s magic on the structure, transforming it into a monument fixed into its landscape and ancient moat surrounding it.  There definitely must be spirits in here, thought Wil, but he never found them, probably too immersed in its scale and need to visit as many parts of it as quickly as time permitted.  He could have spent a day just at this one temple.  Besides he was accompanied with so many visitors who seemed to take command of the structures daytime life.
But the Angkor temple mountain complexes isn’t only about a multitude of temples and structures; they representing one King’s reign from another, about extraordinary feats of construction in capturing water supply in huge manmade tanks and canals for use in irrigation of crops and production of food, and also a constant supply of water to those living within the city.  It was also about amassing people for construction, fighting wars and displaying the arts, and about beauty in the visual sense, of harmony with nature.  A complete package in advanced urbanisation was imaged before Wil’s eyes, and like the Romans, the Khmer of Angkor were efficient builders and custodians to a civilisation of the finest order. Ironically, those who built grand structures of a foregone age did so to placate the spirits.
 
 
The driver took Wil down the road across a bridge flanked on either side with carvings of an elephants head and trunk, then onto The Bayan and its smiling faces dotted throughout the structure.  Four sided faces on every spire facing out or what remains of them, and along some walls are carved relief stories of conquest, service to Kings and culture, the Tonle Sap with its boats and fish and wars and protecting what’s inside.  The Bayan encapsulated Wil’s imagination and seeing these places alone!  It was incredible how his Tut Tut driver could pick the ones to visit and when!
During his two days at Angkor, Wil spent the morning visiting temples and ruins and had a break during the day for lunch and a snooze at the hotel, for it was very hot, and Wil noticed his driver was busy ferrying people around town.  But no worry to Wil, he was so pleased with his guide’s English and knowledge.  The driver was able to relay much of Angkor's history as it appeared to him.
During the first day, his driver took Wil to a temple complex being consumed by the surrounding and ever encroaching jungle.  Its features shared with huge figs and root systems girdling their way across and through the structure, unearthing stones and adding to its paternal charm.  Wil could sense the energies of this place and realised spirits and energies go together.  Maybe a finding, but another time and the Tut Tut driver said that tomorrow they would come back as the sun sinks into the jungle.
It was something they did and Ta Prohm came alive as no other place on earth could.  The colossal trees and their trunks, the elaborate majesty of columns and stone bleached and black moss and lichen covered leading into archways, corridors, pathways and steps, vanishing as the sun drops further into the western sky.  Wil was alone within this complex, so large and so alone.  Not lonely, but excited and then in an instant, the shadows lengthen no more as darkness descended.  Intrigue became fear as Wil suddenly found he was unable to gauge where he came in and where to get out.  He was becoming caught within the spirits of the place.  So powerful and complete, they took over Wil’s emotions and his fears turned to panic, he felt he was becoming trapped, lost, and knowing the spirits were coming to join with him for a night within Ta Prohm.  If there was a power that created that feeling, it must be ever reaching to take control of his mind.
But, to no avail, a Yank with a camera and tripod suddenly appeared and Wil tagged along with him, glad to have company as no other and relaxed until the Yank started to glare at Wil to suggest, what are you doing here, this is my place.  He didn’t say anything and walked with his tripod and camera out of the temple and back to the car parking area and there waiting was Wil’s Tut Tut driver with all smiles and adulation for Wil to be there at that moment in time.  Ironically, the Yank walked out in a different direction to what Wil felt was the way out, and unbeknown to the driver, Wil could have been lost within Ta Prohm and never have known what it could have done to Wil’s sanity.
He had found his spirits or spirits of that place, they were waiting for the moment to bare them self to Wil or maybe Wil was ready to receive them as the energies of that place.  They were very powerful and consuming.  Something about the place and its Yin and Yang was influencing the reactions of the physical parts of the place with the movements of light and shadow, sounds, smells, movement, all these things gathering to make up those spirits and feelings he had to be there with them.
It was time to have a think, and he felt so lucky to visit Ta Prohm on his own, knowing at other times he would have had to share the space with so many other people.  They would all be sharing the space and take away the naturalness of a place when it stands there alone in its surroundings.  Ta Prohm was a special place, a sacred place, an experience and something Wil was going to cherish and remember for the rest of his life.  This place would come back to him as his spiritual quest matured and reasoned with itself.  He was beginning to realise, nature and the spirits go together.
Wil reflected about Angkor Wat.  No emotion or feeling of its spirits came to him, the structure’s majesty and imagery so strong, and so many people sharing the same space.  People themselves disturb the spirits, and it’s so difficult to communicate with the spirits of a place when all the people, coming from all parts of the world, bring so many different and maybe conflicting spirits of their own; their spirits dominate and forcethe spirits of Angkor Wat to retreat and hide.  Those people are not wanting to take the spirits home in their minds, not interested or unable, for spirits and connectedness is a one on one thing.....alone.  Maybe, so many visitors are unaware of such things, and instead capture images of Angkor Wat in their camera, so easy, but a camera surely cannot capture spirits, or can it?
A second visit to The Bayan and Wil was again so lucky to visit and be alone, lucky to call the spirits up and receive them, spirits so different to those of Angkor Wat.  But the Bayan during Wil’s second visit became a place of light and shadow; they were playing with the spirits of that place, something so simple, just movements and interactions of light and shadow.  The movement of the sun, Yang being taken away by Yin, the shadows and heralding the coming darkness of night.
Light and shadows move together.  Why don’t landscape architects understand and design for light and shadow?  There was a relationship brewing in that late afternoon at The Bayan as a storm was unfolding and shadows cast from racing clouds cut through the Bayan deflecting their imagery onto its smiling faces.  Yin was trying to displace Yang; they were playing with each other within this place.  It is the shadows which were giving the smiling faces life.
Wil realising he has to continue with his journeys to find the spirits and relationships they have with the land and what is upon it.  Relationships of history, its people past and present and their attachment to the land, and the land itself so important to create a long term home for the spirits within.  If the land is unsettled, its spirits change, so settledness becomes so important for spirits to feel at home; something else for Wil to contemplate, for settled spirits need a settled and contented landscape.  Unsettled spirits thrive in their unsettled surrounds.
Back to Phnom Penh the following day after purchasing a cheap airflight from Siem Reap airport, the flight found by his driver who seemed to know the right places and people.
The most difficult part was giving from the airport back to his hotel for there were no Tut Tut's to be found at the airport other than rip off merchants wanting far too much for the trip, which seems to be a common thing about airports.  So Wil walked out onto a roadway, but couldn't find a Tut Tut.  A motorcyclist said in broken English, “There are no Tut Tut's here, but I can take you into the city if you hop on the back.”
Wil did not realise that the motorcycle trip was longer than he thought, and became worried about his safety as the motorcyclist started ducking and weaving his way through the traffic.  Maybe the asking fare at the airport wasn’t too much after all.  Wil thought about getting off, but he was now prepared to take the risks.  Thinking he must look like a foolish foreigner or cheap skate to be seen riding on a motorcycle with a bag slung across his knees, and maybe he was starting to act like a backpacker on a very limited budget.  That seemed some sort of justification for it, besides, what the heck, they seem to be the ones having the most fun and living life close to the street level.
After arriving back at the hotel, Wil wondered why they were so inexpensive, especially for prime locations on the Tonle Sap.  He was told after arriving back in Australia that most of the hotels in Phnom Penh are owned by military generals or their families and profits of tourism go to the military in some way.  A country tortured by the Khmer now subject to military dictatorship of some order.  But, the Cambodian people seem to be grateful to be alive and freedom in some sense was very much in presence, the Cambodian people happy as their families laughed and played on the promenade across the street from where Wil was staying.
The sun was starting to set, but different energies were accompanying it as compared with the ones Wil experienced in Ta Prohm the previous evening.  Staying in a hotel adjoining the Tonle Sap promenade is the best place to witness modern day Cambodians coming down to the river to relax, chat with family and play with their children.
Vietnam
One more country to visit, thought Wil, but time to do so is becoming short.  He had stayed nearly a week longer visiting Laos and Cambodia than his projected itinerary suggested.  What the heck, he was a traveller now and no Betty to bleed him like a leech and frustrate him anymore, glad to be free of constraints and the rigidity of his past.  He needed this trip and the adventures along the way gave him some confidence in himself.
Wil was originally going to fly from Phnom Penh to Hanoi and travel down the spine of the Vietnamese coast by train or sleeper coach, preferring the sleeper coaches where passengers could relax or sleep and get on or off where ever they choose.
He didn't travel to Hanoi, but instead, caught a public bus from near his hotel in Phnom Penh to Ho Chi Minh and saw something of the Mekong Delta along the way.  Wil admired the scenery of rural lands adjoining the Mekong as it wound its way from Phnom Penh towards the Vietnamese border.  This surely is a place to return to and enjoy its bountifulness, and thinking tourist resorts are likely to crop up catering for boat trips and tourists wanting to try a rural lifestyle experience.
Reaching Ho Chi Minh City and its long past and recent history of invasion from the North Vietnamese and he recalled television footage of a tank crashing through the gates of the presidential palace and helicopters being pushed overboard from ships of the United States.
The Vietnamese war between the North and South produced no real winner other than the North becoming united under some form of communist government.  But things are changing in Vietnam, its modernising very quickly and manufacturing is taking it from the backwaters of international trade to a place of some reckoning.  Capitalism seems to be showing its head as Vietnamese improve their lives through education and running their own businesses.
Wil didn't care much about its history and past, but Australia had been involved and Queenslanders came over here as conscripts, and he had been too young to be included.
The bus let him off in Ho Chi Minh's old quarter and after walking up a crowded and busy street, he relished in the abundance of hotels, restaurants and transportation options, suggesting this is the place he was looking for.
Ironically, the bus terminating where it did saved Wil from another form of transport to reach the street he had marked out in his Lonely Planet.  So easy to find a two or three star hotel for about $15-$25 U.S. and people filled streets alongside hundreds if not thousands of motorbikes  It was more dangerous to cross over a street here and probably any other destination on the planet!
Wil found that an ideal place to relax within became a bar and restaurant located at the intersection of two streets and a table looking across at the lives of foreigners and Vietnamese being enacted before him.  He had a table to sit at with a few beers, and a meal while talking to those around him and he felt not too bad about life at all.  He had a television in his room and returned to watch Vietnamese game shows, something a bit like home.  Thinking, ‘this place will get discovered before too long and become overrun by tourists’.
The following day, Wil caught a flight to Hue, and from there he would travel back down the coast to Ho Chi Minh, and take the plane back home.
Reaching Hue, Wil read that it was heavily bombed and fought over in the Vietnamese conflict, although not much evidence is to be seen.  Next day Wil took a day trip to the DMZ and it included a visit to an American airfield and some underground tunnels used by Vietnamese soldiers or those supporting the army.  It was a day aboard a bus with other tourists and chatting to other people; other Australians including a soldier who fought over here, but he was based in the South.
No wonder the North Vietnamese won the war.  They had tenacity to let something be destroyed one day and during the night, restore or rebuild it, use it, and next day have it bombed again, creating a cycle of invention in transportation methods and techniques only suitable for a race of people who find hardship as something acceptable.  Maybe they knew how to suffer.
Wil spent the next day in Hue taking a tour to some temples including The Citadel complex beside the river.  The Citadel created in the early eighteen hundreds by an Emperor of the region.  Occupying a huge area but decimated by the fighting and bombing by the VC and South Vietnamese forces in 1968.  Today, its remains bear witness to those bombings and hand-to-hand fighting within its confines, but also witness to days of grandeur and nobility and ornate gardens, now present in some ways to display something of the palaces one time magnificence.
The day meaningless until late in the afternoon and the group visited the Thien Mu Pagoda perched on a small hill right beside the river, reached by walking up steps onto a courtyard containing an ancient display of Bonsai plants held within their ancient containers, and behind them, a shrine containing three Buddha images.

Wil was unable to hear what the guide said that signified their presence other than poke his head in through the doorway and looking at the image on the left-hand side of the three.  Then words came into his head saying, ‘Do the trip, take the trip.’  This image was communicating with Wil.
The Buddha’s eyes seemed to be looking at him, alive.  How can a Buddha image be alive?  He wasn’t hallucinating, but those words came to him, and from the Buddha image there in front of him, eerie and alone, that Buddha was watching him.
Wil came away from the image as light rain began to fall, and the group hastening back to the boat which brought them here from the palace ruins.  The light was fading fast and Wil took some photos of the bonsai plants as the rain strengthened, and the guide leader returned to ask Wil to come down the steps to the boat.  Wil dashed back to that image and with both feet pointing to it and arms outstretched, palms pulling them back to his chest to rest under his neck, saying, “My Buddha, I’ll take the trip.”  The Buddha’s eyes still focused on Wil’s eyes.  Eerie, but something very special was happening inside of him.  Why the Buddha on the left hand side of the three?
Leaving the image, Wil felt uplifted as if a weight had been taken from his shoulders.  He didn’t mention the apparition with the rest of the group as they silently returned in misty rain back to their set down point.
Wil’s trip to Vietnam coincided with a late seasonal typhoon and the rain later that evening became a downpour.  Buses were being cancelled, but its airport was still open and a man at the hotel said, “You may have to stay here for many days.”  Wil knew he'd missed his flight back to Australia and asked if he could fly back to Ho Chi Minh, but that flight had left for the day, and the next was fully booked.
The man got back onto his telephone and said, “I can get you to Nha Trang.”
Wil said, “Can I get down to Da Nang?”
“Yes, said the hotel clerk, “You’d better leave right now.”
So he was off to Da Nang, a city not so much for the tourist, but a place of history, and within is located a museum, if nothing else.  After a hotel was found, a taxi driver willing to venture out in the rain drove Wil to the museum where he wandered about looking at some of the majesty of Vietnam's past before intervention by foreign powers, such as the French, who helped take the land away from times when Kings ruled, and Dynasty’s so deep into tradition, reigned paramount.
Walking through the museum was a time to feel sorry for Vietnam, now caught up in a turbulent world, influenced and controlled by outsiders and its past severed.  Pathways to the West (for what?), and taking away from this distant country, legacies and traditions that Vietnamese people were able to once hold and be so proud of.
And the West was destroying Vietnam’s fabric of life so visually and pronounced, for within its landscapes are legacies of the ones the Americans obliterated as their aircraft tipped Agent Orange herbicide over hundreds of square kilometres of forest, virtually removing all natural vegetation from the DMZ south from coast to Vietnam’s border with Cambodia, and in doing so, they willingly transferred lush forests into stumps, and after the war, wastelands becoming replanted with trees foreign to native Vietnam, including the Australian Acacia family.  How ironic, Australians came over here to save the South, but converted it into something alien using Australian flora!
Vietnam people didn't deserve this transgression of place and the spirits, and energies of this land.  For Wil, it had been fractured.
Getting back to Ho Chi Minh and its airport was still three days away.  Da Nang airport was still open, and roads south were cut, but a bus came through from Hoi An and Wil inquired.  Yes, some tourists came up, the road is fine, but Hoi An has become flooded.
From the frying pan into the fire and Wil checked out of his hotel, bag in hand, outside still raining, a ride in a wet Tut Tut to a bus transfer point and bus to Hoi An was in the making.  It was a stupid thing to do, one flooded place to another, but the scenery is green and the villages and landscapes they passed through imaged a place where its people lived with the land, and at the end of a soggy trip, those aboard reached Hoi An.
Some parts of Hoi An remained flooded, the rain depression had now moved north, leaving Hoi An's architectural history, partly submerged in water.  Wil found a room not far from the water's edge and walked its streets.  French colonial architecture and winding narrow streets; for Hoi An was a place for coastal traders to come into for drawing fresh drinking water from a well, still present, and a place where the Vietnam conflict spared the city, the Americans protected it and the Vietcong left it to be preserved from the bombing and fighting, not like Hue.
Wil noticed the water was subsiding and some Vietnamese were already busy cleaning out their shops.  He could catch an overnight bus to Nha Trang tomorrow evening, so he had a leisurely stroll finding himself sitting out the front of a cafe listening to Coldplay and some American telling him that the hotel across the street was where the film, ‘The Quiet American’, was shot.  Wil had seen the film but could not place the hotel's façade and the thought of Michael Caine, the actor, being once here, walking the streets and may have sat down for a coffee at the same table that Wil was sitting beside, sometime in the recent past.
Morning time came, and another walk along streets which were flooded yesterday and were now busy with people, and shops under water yesterday were now open for business.  How can this be so?  The industrious Vietnamese, no obstacle too large, their tenacity again showing, and to them, nothing really happened.  A flood is just a flood.  This couldn't happen in Australia.
But something else, so important that day, it was December 25th, Christmas Day in Australia and for the first time in his life, Wil was alone, away from his once traditional Christmas dinner with his Mum and Dad and his sister.  Then after marriage, his wife Betty and the two children; for it was a day where drinks and Turkey and pumpkin and potatoes and Christmas pudding were traditional along with the opening of gifts beside a Christmas tree.
Wil had completely forgotten about the coming of Christmas.  Thank God, he was in Vietnam with its flooding.  Could you ring home and yes, his hotel could arrange it.  A couple of hours behind Australia and a couple of hours before his bus trip to Nha Trang.
Simon's phone rang out so Wil left a message.  “Happy Christmas Simon, always love you, keep well.”
Sally's phone went straight to her answering machine, and he repeated the same message.
Wil felt very alone and didn’t want to do another journey by himself.  Some company, any company, just someone to talk to.  Should he ring Betty, for he knew Simon and Sally would be at Betty's for Christmas dinner.  Wil asked the hotel man to dial the number and then said, “No”, just before its dial tone started to ring.  Wil remembered that she was probably not alone that Christmas Day, and another man had taken his place.  He didn't know for sure, but didn't want to know and embarrass them all.  They would feel sorry for him and he didn't want that.
Countryside and villages, and if these were flooded, there was no ready evidence.
Just before he caught the overnight sleeper coach, Wil booked an Air Vietnam flight from Nha Trang to Ho Chi Minh, the flight touching down just four hours before his flight was due to leave for coming back to Australia.  The hotel clerk told Wil, Nha Trang’s airport was once a huge base for fighter bombers and strike aircraft.  He said, “When you get there, you see huge expanses of concrete, and it’s never closed.”
A long night spent not seeing much of the countryside, he booked into the Nice Hotel, spending what was left of the day in Nha Trang, and really a day to do nothing, for it was Boxing Day in Australia.  So Wil decided to celebrate on his own and walked from his hotel to the waterfront and along its pathways until he saw a seafood restaurant where he sat down and ordered a bottle of sparkling French wine.
He drank the lot, feasting himself and wishing well, those present, dining on fish, crabs and prawns stacked onto a big plate, tossing down a beer or two, and feeling happy.  He silently toasted Simon and Sally and even one for Betty, but his toast to her was a toast made in anger, the bitch had betrayed him and the alcohol shielded him from being alone.
Vietnam was now over, but Wil wanted to come back one day with a woman and do it again.  Away from the rainy season and stay in similar hotels, walk those streets in Hoi An and take in its architecture and history.  He'd spent time in Ho Chi Minh and wanted to go back onto the Mekong Delta and north to Hanoi, take an overnight sleeper on the train or do it the hard way taking sleeper buses all the way along the coast of Vietnam to Hanoi, spend time then out onto Halong Bay for a day or two aboard one of the overnight junks.
Thinking maybe he would go up into the mountains west of Hanoi to Sapa and take a walk through one of its valleys.  Places to make love to someone and enjoy the company of another woman.  To eat good food, sleep in a good bed, and enjoy the hospitality of the people of Vietnam.
While sitting and waiting for his flight from Ho Chi Minh International, Wil thought Laos and Cambodia were ‘alive’, in the sense of their people’s cultural heritage and spiritual attachment to the land for they wanted and needed to remain attached to it.  But, Vietnam or what he saw of its city and towns was ‘dead’.  Vietnam seemed to have lost its soul or had it taken away by wars and invaders.  Vietnam’s cultural heritage and ancient past seemed destroyed and fragmented by those who didn’t care for such things.  It was a country that had lost its way, pillaged, and those within sought to create something for today and tomorrow.  They would get there.
Maybe, Vietnam will remain a country without a soul until the day arrives when its people are at peace with their land and want to settle back into it.  Maybe, that’s why Vietnamese visitors to Angkor have become the most populous grouping of any country.  They have to travel to their neighbours for their cultural identity, and possibly spiritual salvation or attachment.  Wil started to feel sad for the Vietnamese, but he would return.  He knew the land of Vietnam would regain its energy and power to enlighten and create a destiny for Vietnamese people with a tinge of the West, but hopefully, not too much.
Those thoughts are now behind him, as his flight lifted off from Ho Chi Minh en route to Bangkok, then Thai Airlines back to Australia.  He had done it.
Woopy
It was good to get back home, to Woopy and his relocatable, to where he now called home.  His table and chair waiting for him, a seat to sit upon and in hand a cold beer, the beach and surf out front and something accomplished inside of him.
His square 20 kilometre of life was now reaching into the distance.  Betty and dreaming of her now receding, and he felt a more pronounced knowing that she had exchanged his arms for someone else’s, a sense of freedom washed over him.
Wil’s investment income was enough for rental, food, liquor and something left over for rainy days.  Fortunately, he left his landscape architecture account open with its unsecured overdraft intact so he could, if he chose to, write out a cheque or use an ATM to do whatever.  Besides, he still had a small surplus in his working account, and the Australian banks his father had invested in were kindly depositing dividends into this account while he was overseas.  He was more in front to cover the trip and realising he was making money travelling the backpacker way.
Wil knews he had to talk to Betty, sooner rather than later.  Christmas was now over, New Years only a couple of days away, and things had to get sorted out.  His library of landscape and architectural reference left at their home were more important than anything else, for they were his reference in the days of practice as a landscape architect, including his studio desk and computer with its CAD system of drawings, which made him realise that his office was really nothing much more than a desk and computer, some files in a cabinet and a printer.
His office wasn’t like any landscape architectural office, for Wil did a lot of his work from home, in a studio under the house, specially crafted out by him not long after they married.  It was his den and hideaway.  A place to retreat into with music in the background and tones of Led Zeppelin, Pearl Jam and the Moody Blues, some old Rolling Stones CDs and those of some English groups from the 60s, including The Animals and The Who.  But, he was also it into the likes of Bob Seeger, Van Morrison, U2 and a mish-mash of others.  No real attachments but music he liked when growing up with mum and dad.  Wil was a rocker and blues man, but didn't let on about it, or let it be brought out of him, for 20 square kilometres created so many boundaries.
A conversation with Betty.
“Betty, its Wil.  Yes, I know, I'm sorry for the letter for I just couldn't bring myself to do anything else.  I wanted to even on our flight back home.  I just didn't know how to start it.  No, I made up my mind at Ephesus, for you had changed and brought out something that scared me.  I've longed for something new, a new direction, but I couldn't bring myself to it.  You gave me the excuse to do it back in Ephesus.”
“I know, I know, I'm sorry Betty, for putting you through all this.  Anyway, the past is past and Sally said you may not be alone, is that correct?  Oh! Just a friendship, I understand, but there has to be something more than that?  Has it gone further since you know, you know, I left.  I understand, I thought on Christmas Day, I'd call you knowing Sal and Simon would be at home, and I feared more than anything else, a strange man's voice would answer the phone.  You like him, that's good.  But we have to get things sorted out.”
“Guy Malouf, our solicitor has everything that you need.  The house, okay, yeah, I've got Dad’s stuff.  It's all I want, you okay with that.  I just would like my books and stuff in the studio, they're me.  I still don't know; I'll store them.  Sal wasn't supposed to tell you, Bet, but yes, I'm at Woolgoolga and I own an old relocatable home.  It was cheap.  I had some money and sold some shares.  No, there's no fortune there as you know, just enough to keep me.  Thanks, the kids they seem okay about it.  They’re grown-up adults anyway.”
“Things happen; I don't know what I'll do.  I just didn't want to go straight back into some office with my easel and board, not just yet.  There are other things to life.  I want to explore some of them.  Betty, you know, I spent my blasted life within 20 km², blasted 20 km².  You didn't have a partner, but a passenger.  I knew nothing of life.  Yes, I went over to Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam on my own.  That's right, no hanky-panky, just on my own.  I don't know, too early to say, but I'm going to do it again, somewhere different in Asia.  Something is calling me, and something deep inside me wants to come out.  I don't know what it is, but it's very strong.  I want to give birth to it.  Make it my own, nurture it and let it become part of me.”
“You reckon?  Become a monk in a maroon cloak with sandals, a beard and some beads around my neck.  No Bet, but not that.  There’s something in my mind and I want it to stay there, to lead its life in my mind.  Yeah, I know, I'd don't normally talk like this.  Maybe, I should have broken out a long time ago and we'd possibly had a different life.  Bet, I want to continue this way, I hope you understand.  You okay, that's good.  Yeah, I'm glad too Betty.  We've talked and haven't yelled at each other, but laughing and saying you do that, you get on and get some steam going.  Maybe we'll meet one day and say to each other….. Is that you?  Okay, but good to talk to you and again, I'm sorry.”
A huge weight had lifted from Wil’s shoulders.  He felt relaxed, a conversation with Betty at last and he was left wondering if he had spoken with her on that airplane flight, would it have ended this way?
He was thankful for the letter on the table approach, and completely forgot to ask Betty what she wanted to do about their divorce.  No doubt their solicitor will let him know in due course.
Pam
“Hello, I’m Pam, I live just down there.  I noticed you have moved in and would you like to join us for New Year’s Eve.  We old-timers have a bit of a go at it out the front and watch the fireworks going off upon Woopy Headland.”
“Hi Pam, I’m Wil and that would be very nice, thanks for the invite.  What do I have to bring?”
“Just yourself silly and whatever you drink.  Mary and Jim, the other night had a win on the pokies at the RSL and they are shouting us, you know, nibbles and that stuff.  About 7.30, if that's not too late.”
“I'll be there with rings on my fingers and bells on my toes”, said ‘Wil with a huge smile.  ‘Gosh, company, and that Pam, she looked good’.
7.30 on New Year's Eve came and went and drifted to about 11.30 or so, and the mob of Woopy Beach were out there getting into it.  Food, booze, plenty of laughter and someone had brought Bob Seeger along with a Stone's CD.  They weren’t all fuddy-duddies, but ordinary good people whose journey in life had drawn them to Woopy Beach, Pam included, who Wil kept an eye on.  Maybe she had a partner or husband and perhaps, but she seemed unattached.
Midnight and hugs and kisses and Auld Lang Syne and fireworks on Woopy Headland, and Wil embracing and kissing Pam, just one embrace and one kiss.  But it was enough, his heart racing and a passion rising for her.  ‘You’ve got something I need’, thought Wil.
Laughter, merriment, food and drinks.  Wil thanked Pam for asking him to come and meet so many people living in the park, and told her he’d had a great night.
“Thanks Wil, let's do it again sometime” she said.
Wil didn't see Pam for a couple of weeks, but it was long enough for him to receive his books and studio bits and pieces, and store them at the local storage shed.  Working his way through his collections of books to take back to the relocatable to read he noticed some on Balinese and Asian gardens including Made Wijava’s,  ‘Tropical Garden Design’.  Wil thought ‘I'd like to look at his compound gardens and some of his jobs in Bali.  Yes, I'm going to Bali!’
“Hello, Pam, I missed seeing you.” said Wil.
“I've been visiting Mum down at Gosford, my once a year thing, she is great, same as ever.  What about you?”
“Just kicking around, you know, nothing much, but I thought I might go over to Bali for a week or so.  Want to come?”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes, you just pay for your air flight, and I’ll fix up the rest.”
“Wil, you have got a deal.”
And that was that.  Wil arranged cheap flights out of Brisbane to Darwin then a transfer to Denpasar and return; cheap and found on the Internet, the wonders of the Internet.
“Pam, I can get us there and back, we leave in two weeks if that's okay, and it'll cost you $650 for eight nights in Bali with a strange man.”
“Well, strange man, I like to take risks.  Go ahead and let me get some money together.”
Wil has a date with destiny and reconnection, to what, but he knew it was lust.  He needed it.
He knew nothing of Pam, for she looks like she was maybe in the mid to late 40s.  He heard she's been married twice.  The first one was violent and the second one, the husband she truly felt for was killed after falling off a ladder on a building site.  She drifted into Woopy, nothing better, life drifting, and relationships unknown to Wil, but she was precocious, lively, and attractive, and gave him a smile.
Pam had blondish hair, was about 140 cm in height and nicely tanned, she had been a smoker, but she had a lean body showing not much boob, a trim waist and legs not too short or too long.  She was a jeans wearer and usually with loose fitting tops.  ‘She's had a bit of a hard life’ he thought, ‘but her teeth look good, her skin is fair and smooth, and she has an open mouth’.
No Lonely Planet this time, it was just the Internet research to find that Sanur would be an ideal place to base themselves in Bali.  He found a resort right on the beach.  It was reasonably priced and central to everything, including a boardwalk out the front yet close enough to get into Legion or Suva for a day, or up to Ubud if they wanted a break for a night or two.
Wil didn't tell Pam about gardens and landscapes being the reason for the trip, but hoped she would be happy to walk along the boardwalk or lounge beside the pool.
He didn't know a lot about women and Googled, ‘clitoris’ in the off chance it would help him learn to satisfy her and not seem so naive about lovemaking if that occurred.  The result gave him a site specially designed for women to identify, understand, and pleasure themselves, and gave males looking at the site, knowledge about connectedness to a woman's needs for release and orgasm. 
God, why hadn't he looked at something like this before?  He could probably have saved his marriage simply by knowing something about a woman's body, and it got him thinking, ‘How many marriages would have failed because the male is unable to respond to a woman's needs, simply because he doesn't know what they are, and how to reach them?’
Pam and Wil talked about their holiday with the manager of the park and Wil told them something about his background, and training, and interest in going to Bali to look at Balinese gardens and landscapes.
“Wil you do what you have to.  It’s fine with me, and if it’s Ok, I’ll tag along with you if you want me too.”
Bali came about and Denpasar airport was reached, a taxi ride out to Sanur and there was the sitting, waiting in traffic going nowhere.  Pam had a passport, thank God, and seemed excited about being in Bali.  She said she had always wanted to go to Bali but had found no one to go with her. 
The taxi driver was saying it’s like this every day, too many cars for the road networks and no signs of doing anything about it, just traffic and billboards.  The slow taxi ride gave them a chance to have a look around and realise this part of Bali is no longer the image of an idealist wonderland of tropical paradise and nature.  They were witnessing a pure urban jungle and many Balinese people using the roads were interested in the money side of Bali than remaining connected with the earth, a commonality occurring in so many locations.
They reached Sanur and the resort Wil had booked the first night with.  It lived up to its hype and was located next to the boardwalk and beach, and they had reserved a room.  The decision that was going to make this trip plutonic or not was the question asked at reception.  “Do you want singles or a double?”  Wil looked across to Pam, and she said, “Double.”
They stayed in that room as much as they left it.  Wil’s Internet knowledge now in hand in more ways than one, and Pam, she had had relationships that stretched well beyond 20 km².  They combined to make a perfect storm.  To Wil it was release and change.  An uplifting he hadn’t experienced with Betty, and Pam experimental with her hands, lips and tongue, and Wil, similarly responding.  Their unions were intense but also experimental, prolonged and searching for that magical essence to give and extract the essence from each other.  Wil needed this and he felt Pam did the same.
He was experiencing a relationship many men had not been able to achieve, for him and Pam, so open and unconstrained to do so.  They became blessed in openness, affection, lust and wantonness which satisfied each other.
Next day Wil contacted PJ Wijava's office and arranged to visit his gardens accompanied by Pam.  The man himself is not present, but his gardens were and identified themselves as Balinese, an image in their spiritual and tropical influences, and unconstrained boundaries that Balinese gardens emit.
An employee of the office invited Wil and Pam to accompany him and showed them landscapes Made Wijava designed and constructed, including the grandeur and excellence of the Four Seasons and the now aging gardens of the Bali Hyatt at Sanur.  They were taken up to Ubud to inspect a garden of Made Wijava now converted into rental accommodation.  Villas set into a complex and diverse mixtures of shrubs and ornamentals woven into and around the built structures, water always visible and present, found pathways wandering their way across expanses rather than directly through it, its users being asked to slow down their minds, and join with their surroundings.
Wil noticed Made Wijava used groupings of shrubs to act as guides and align the scene to a feature or direction he wants the user to take.  Shrubs like the Ginger family, Heliconia, Cordyline and clumping palms with some lily or grass families aligning the edges.  These gardens were a profusion of colour and shapes, lush and green and the image of a tropical ambience with not much effort, simple to construct landscapes and very effective.
A treat was a private garden set into four or so acres owned by a wealthy American wine merchant who used it personally and for use by business associates.  It was a display landscape for visual impact, showing diversity in plant shape and colour woven into a folding landscape that etched its way down a slope towards a ravine and creek, set within arching trees creating a permanent canopy and protection from the fierce midday sun.
The trip included some resort landscapes visited by pretending they were a couple looking for a villa as a treat for their daughter's honeymoon.
But the spiritual side of the gardens slipped by Wil for he wasn't ready to receive them.
Their eight nights in Bali also brought Wil and Pam to a decision as to what they would do after returning to Woopy.  Do they move in together and become partners.  But no, Pam said, “Wil, I’m not the person for you.  There’s another side of my life you won't like.  I'm not going to put you through it.  I've ruined a few men's lives and the only one I really loved, he died.”
“Please, let's just be acquaintances again, come over for a coffee, but don't come to my bed”, suggested Wil.
“My mother has something wrong with her and wants me to go home to Gosford for a while.  It would be best if I just did that.  Please don't be upset about this.  The last week has been the most memorable and enjoyable one I've had for a very long time.”  Then she said, “You're very sweet, but innocent.”
So Wil was found back in Woopy, alone, but not empty.  Pam had brought him to life.  A fulfilling and emotional experience, something of an enlightenment had taken place.  A part of him that was empty now filled.  He was a complete man and of confidence, a rebirth, and it was ten days with a woman who did all that.
Did he want for more?  Yes, he wanted Pam forever, someone to share but also company, companionship, to remain spent within her womb, joined and striving to empty each other into each other, abandonment, and no tomorrow.  But that was not to happen, and he couldn't let it get him down.
Pam did leave for Gosford the same week and he never saw her again.  Maybe he had given her something she was too afraid to give back, or maybe it was commitment and attachment, two words so difficult to translate into action.  Maybe he was having himself on about his role in her life, but commitment has a price, and so does attachment, and so many people through their lives fail to harness either or one of them, and those who do so, do so for the wrong reason . Things such as careers and money and influence over others, their lives dominated by ideals, severed from the simplicity of holding another person in their arms, and wanting to for the right reason.
Kyoto
Wil had some thinking to do for he had his place, his chair and table outside his new home, he could sit and take in the energy of the sun, the ocean, the sounds and smells of the waves, the dancing of light, movement constant, and its peacefulness.  An inspirational place causing him to take out his pad and jot down a few lines:
“Wind and water by the sea
You give me peace and energy
Gentle voices of the sea
Bring me peace and harmony.”
It was a time and place to ponder something of the future; did he dust off his landscape architecture stuff and ask around in Coffs Harbour for something part-time, or set up on his own?  But knowing it would end up being work and sacrifice for a fee paid by someone who was using him, and knowing he would kow-tow to them, just for money.  For this part of the world was for retirees who gardened for themselves as a recreation and exercise, and preferring to go and build a garden on their own without the need of someone like Wil to possibly push them into a vision they had no connection with.
Maybe he would be better moving to the entrenched eco-consciousness of Bellingen where its residents are more likely to embrace the ideas of outsiders and willing to experiment in their gardens, and maybe create places of grandeur and intimacy, and of creation.
But there he was, sitting on his chair, looking at the waves and thinking of his neighbours and people he has got to know in the park, and they are true Australian, honest and true.  Did he just meander into a life of doing nothing?  Maybe taking up lawn bowls at the Woopy Bowling Club only a couple of streets away.  Golf at Safety Beach with the boys on a Saturday or did he surf the net for a companion to replace Pam?
It's so easy to drift and be content about nothing and that attracted him.  Back to something of his past and its twenty square kilometres or twelve square miles, and instead replacing that twenty square kilometre patch with another at Woopy!
Maybe leading a conservative life and letting that work image go away, did he want it?  He paused and found himself thinking what John had said about spirits and the spiritual happenings to him so far, not being there to harness him.  He didn't want to let it go and the words of the border image in Hue saying, “Take the trip” haunted him a bit.
Wil decided to go to Japan in March, to Kyoto and its temple gardens, to places of Buddha and Zen and landscapes different to those in Bali, and landscapes of timeliness.  Blast it, when the time arrives to go back into landscape architecture he's going to take the East with him.
Onto the Internet again and this time it was so easy to find and book a flight with Jetstar out of Brisbane, via Cairns, to Osaka and onto Kyoto.  Easy done, and a second-hand copy of Lonely Planet of Kyoto found in a Coffs Harbour bookstore was able to suggest  bus or rail from Osaka airport, and that was about all it took.
The book noted destinations of some temples, but Wil wanted more and the library provided that.  Its books on the gardens of Kyoto and of Japan were there to be borrowed, and now, he had a base to build his visit upon.  For this visit in a country like Japan wasn’t going to rely just on a smile.  He didn’t know one word of Japanese and visiting the temple gardens over his limited time is going to rely on a schedule of visiting this place or area one day, visiting its temples on foot, and the next day elsewhere in Kyoto visiting temple gardens located there.
He found accommodation in Kyoto for the first few nights (booked again via the web), staying in a guesthouse not far from Kyoto railway station.  They gave him their deluxe room of about seven or nine square metres.  It had a futon to roll out upon the floor, a single chair for clothes or to sit upon, and a shared shower and toilet.  He was e-mailed a map showing directions from the railway station to the guest house.
“On the road again”, he sung to himself as he settled down on a flight to Japan, and towards the late afternoon, his aircraft had touched down in Osaka.  Wil was in a foreign country once again and waiting to board a bus to Kyoto, which ran ‘to the second’ when it departed, a uniformed man with white gloves there to help him aboard.  Tickets sold via a self-service device, and a neatly organised queue of passengers, all lining up as their ticket numbers suggested.
Order and obedience was at play, reckoned Wil, even after his first half-hour of reaching Japan.  He noticed Japanese people were obedient, neatly attired and orderly.  They were respectful, traditional, functional, neatly mannered, and so courteous.
No wonder they achieved so much after the destruction and mayhem of the 1941- 45 period and rebuilding their economy to that of the biggest trading country second only to the United States, achieving its position with meagre or zero natural resources,
A country that rose to nearly conquer all of Asia, and able to do so reliant on one commodity, the Japanese people and their willingness to comply with the wishes and orders of those above, a reliance based upon the diligent, precise and mechanical, to accept and not challenge culture, and a culture designed to achieve great things, accepting and guided by those above, who hopefully were doing so for the right reasons.
Osaka first and then he was onto Kyoto seen through a bus window and witnessing an endless stream of factories and suburbia.  ‘Where’s the countryside?’ thought Wil as the separation between the two cities was blurred by buildings.  ‘Where are the picturesque rice paddy fields and people with hoes and an ancient cottages set somewhere in the corner of every field?’
Night time fell as the bus moved toward Kyoto, and it seemed cold outside, misty rain was  present and Wil in a new country, on his own, being deposited at a railway station in Kyoto with a map looking at street signs only written in Japanese characters, and no English names of streets or a number he could recognise.  The streets were empty as the rain strengthened and the cold chilled and Wil aligned his emailed map directions to the guesthouse with the station and a street leading away.  He followed it, block after block in drizzling rain, cold, and suitcase on wheels slowly getting wetter behind him.  The third block, turn left, cross the road and on the right and yes, there it is a guesthouse.  He had arrived and the first obstacle of travelling alone in a strange country like Japan had been accomplished.
He found his room as it was described, and the receptionist, a Japanese man with very good English, answered Wil’s questions and presented a map of Kyoko, to guide visitors like him, western tourist style.  The map gave Wil some ideas about how to recognise rail lines of the railway providers, the bus stations and bus numbers, each route marked out with its colour and the map containing the names and locations of many temples Wil hoped to visit.
The Internet search back in Australia suggested a visit to the four gardens owned by the Japanese Royal family, these available only by ticket, so organising his visit seemed the best thing to do next morning. Thus began his first day in Kyoto, boarding an underground train to a rail station, taking a walk in a park and more than anything else, stumbling onto the ticket counter in some obscure building.  But also, a vivid realisation that Japanese people in the streets had little understanding of English.
It was a quick education to realise that travelling on the underground network from his guesthouse on a Friday morning meant doing it the Japanese way and that meant there was no ticket office to be found other than a ticket dispenser he used to convert some Yen into a token, and the token giving him access to the line chosen.
Japan was a land of vending machines, vending for train tickets, but also for hot coffee or tea cold, or hot drinks, food either hot or cold, cigarettes of course and beer or whatever product could be put into a vending machine.  He was confronted by rows of them against the walls of the railway stations and alongside buildings and even under a lamppost he walked beside.
The sign above the rail line said 2. 17 arrival, and in English, and at 2.17 precisely, it arrived.  You didn't need anything else, just travel using the time table for bus or train using departure times to your destination as the guide, relying on their punctuality to identify each.  Where else would that work?  In Australia? Fat chance!
No Europeans on this train and Wil had not seen too many Europeans at all on his Kyoto trip.  They were probably travelling in groups or visit temples via a coach and staying in hotels designed for their needs.  But did they see the real Japan and Kyoto?  The true Kyoto to Wil was expressed in its train and bus travel with its people, and staying in its quest houses or Ryokan, and eating in quaint restaurants or inns tucked away in quiet streets.  It seemed different to have a beer from a Japanese brewery and order food by picking a picture on a wall or board.
Wil was travelling alone and his Kyoto trip was giving him the confidence of travel and independence he needed.  A new Wil was evolving.
He reached the Imperial Household Agency office just before it closed on his first Friday afternoon, simply because he got lost in the park.  It was the first park that he had ever got lost in for he just couldn’t seem to orientate himself after coming from the southern hemisphere, and the weak sun coming to him from a different direction.  But he found the office by asking people with a smile on his face and they obliging as best they could.  The tickets were his to do the four Imperial Temple Gardens with his name and date stamped upon them.
“Is Monday okay,” said the lady.  So soon and Wil’s response was a nod of the head, “Yes, please,” not able to think of the Japanese saying for ‘thank you’.  It worked just as well to smile and nod his head…Japanese style.
So Monday and Tuesday were to be taken up by visiting four temples gardens located within palaces or retreats still owned by members of the Japanese Imperial Royal family.  Their palace gardens or retreats open to the public as described on the ticket.
Wil’s adventure with Kyoto didn't wait until Monday.  Saturday morning and a chance meeting with a couple of English people at the guesthouse suggested Wil accompany them for the day to visit some temples the lady had her mind set upon, and also a market she wanted to visit.
They were a nice couple, but the bloke made up the nice bit, for his partner was a hardnosed feminist of the true making.  She was dominating, possessive, and arrogant.  She was always right and said so.  How her partner or companion put up with it, God only knows.  Maybe she's hot in the cot, thought Wil.  Thinking, she must have something good in her for getting her partner to accept and be pushed around as he was.
He was a genius, in more ways than one, and identified buses and bus stops like an old hand.  He could align the numbers of buses to the route number, its colour and even count the stops by looking at the number on the sign posts for each.  Once understood it was so easy to get around Kyoto once the colours and numbers came together.  A token again for fares and a one-day pass seemed to be the best way to allow all-day travel on Kyoto bus systems.
The English lady leading her two puppy dogs, one of them being Wil, they found their marketplace where Japanese people strolled on a chilly but sunny Saturday morning for some food, searching for a gift or sampling some crafts, or simply wandering around the many stalls as something to do.  Wil was tagging along behind the bloke, and he behind the woman.
‘I just can't put up with this’, thought Wil.  She's crazy and arranged to meet them in an hour at an area she designated, not one he advised.  But it was to be the one that she stipulated and that was that.  Comply or you're on your own and Wil was not ready for doing that today.
They did their thing that Saturday, another bus, long walks and visiting Temple Gardens and Wil’s camera taking off as it loaded images of extraordinary gardens and places.  The Temple Gardens of Kyoto are really a must thing to do for the serious gardener sometime in their life and also for the budding or adventurous landscape architect who is interested in the temple gardens evolution, design, functioning, preservation, history, and relationships the plants of each garden have with each other, for they ever seem in harmony, leading their contented life within controlled environments.  It’s a wonder what judicious care can do for a plant health and fulfilment.
The hour passed and a bit more as Wil waited for the woman and her partner, he still trailing along behind her, and the bus did arrive and was crowded, but a few more passengers didn’t matter for a Kyoto bus.  Kyoto buses like any bus or train in Japan just seems to fill until no else can get aboard, passengers don’t complain, and being jammed rigid in public transport is something special and unique, and Wil liked it for it was pure connection.
Sunday and a day for walking now on his own but first, another bus ride, and Wil now conversant in bus travel, used the techniques learnt yesterday got himself to where he wanted to be dropped off, then took a leisurely walk up the hill to the Kiyomizu Temple with all its Sunday visitors, they being happy and infectious in their enjoyment to be outdoors in pleasant sunlight.  Wil seemed to fit in with them all, and then left the temple to wind his way along gentle and busy streets to other temples including the Kodai-Ji Temple and within, a wedding ceremony taking place.  Wil took it all in from the sidelines, and continued his stroll looking at the gardens of restaurants and galleries of Gion, mingling with Kyoto people on a sunny Sunday and loving it.  Being within the streets of Gion with them was a special treat.
It was a day of people mixing with other people, families, boyfriends and girlfriends, and temple gardens and some gardens expressing themselves as Zen in miniature, set within courtyards to quaint restaurants and perfectly cooked meals, sitting with them on stone benches while having a cool drink.  His lunch in a restaurant found by walking past dozens until he found one with the perfect garden and courtyard, there to sit alone with a drink and a meal and watch Japanese people and fish in a pond as the midday sun arched overhead.
For Sunday is also the day Japanese people and their families come out and meet, lunch and visit gardens or their favourite place, to sit somewhere to talk and take in the atmosphere of so many people doing the same thing.  Kyoto on a sunny late winter Sunday is worth the visit and going to villages like Gion is worth the trip itself.
The next week for Wil was one of buses, and trains and buses, and walking long walks along streets of homes and photographing their gardens from openings in their walled entries.  Visiting gardens of Zen and of a Japanese art form, each different, but pronounced in form and structure, and adherence to the site and scale they fitted into.
 
 
He saw a blending of the landscape with the buildings and probably something gardens have witnessed since their inception, centuries before.  Kyoto temple gardens had mastered the art of timeliness and their spiritual form remains intact.
Monday and Tuesday saw Wil being introduced as a member of a small group visiting Imperial Gardens of extreme mastery in the architecture of nature, gardens such as the Sento Gosho, the Katsura Rikyu and Shugaruin Rikyu.  But, after another half dozen on Wednesday, Wil felt he needed a break for he was being 'temple-gardened-out' and losing interaction or willingness to continue ticking them off his list of gardens he felt he had to visit.  He found himself on Thursday visiting four temple complexes in the Arashiyama Area and them becoming a chore or something to tick off a list.  Their gardens and meanings were becoming lost to him and a sad reflection on their masterful creation and presentation.  Each one really needed more time to sit somewhere within to catch their spirits.  The Zen of each place was beckoning, but he was unable to receive what it meant.
Friday and no gardens but now accomplished in handling Kyoto’s public transport system, he found himself taking a bullet train ride to Hiroshima, its atomic bomb site and memorials.  A bullet train ride for the first time to anyone is an experience, especially older foreigners who’s rail systems at home, such as Australia, are antiquated, out-dated, don't run on time and are relics of government neglect and their unwillingness to think past getting back into power at the next election.
Hiroshima just a couple of hours away and looking at a map, it seemed a long way from Kyoto.  The train was silent, fast, sleek, and comfortable, an allotted seat with window and the train creating spirits of a different kind, reflecting the technologies of mankind against those of nature.
Reaching Hiroshima and a walk down a long hill until it started to rain, then he caught a tram and alighted not far from a building remaining in part as it was on the day of the release of that bomb in August 1945.  A silent witness to a few moments in history when a city was converted from people walking along a footpath or riding a bicycle, sitting on the tram or maybe at their table, and in an instant, replaced by nothingness, their images no more and consumed by fire of unfathomable bounds.  A second of time and mankind had witnessed man's ability to waste all human life and potentially life…on planet Earth.

The building was standing there in front of Wil.  He looked at its outline through misty rain.  It was cold and the presence of a building shrouded in mist, a reminder that this should never occur again.  He for the first time in his life felt the spirits and energy of a place, this place.  They were coming to him and staying there with him in his mind, not wanting to leave, imprinting themselves within him, forever.  Maybe it was the rain, maybe the cold, maybe being alone there looking back at the building, its famous image visual now and not imprinted in his mind from a photograph.  The photographs images of the bomb exploding, the streets, river, and this building there somewhere in his mind held by a photograph, now becoming released; for it was real and it happened.  He was becoming emotionally moved to nearly tears, and not wanting to leave this place.
But he did, and quickly walked to the museum depicting the process of war waged by the Japanese leading up to that day.  The fate and folly of Japanese Generals influencing their Emperor to engage in something now distanced from the Japan of today.
Wil had to leave this place because he was going back by public train and its journey three to four times longer than the bullet train ride he came down upon, but the experience of Hiroshima, its building held within misty rain, and memorials, were worth it.
Wil deliberately decided to return back to Kyoto by travelling in a Japanese train with Japanese people, and schoolchildren going home from school, students, office workers, factory workers, housewives with their shopping, their children beside them, and men in business suits with their umbrellas and looking so professional.  They were all going home, the real Japan of people doing their daily thing.
Back in Kyoto and he had a weekend of taking it easy, quietly spent on the other side of the city visiting temples such as the Kinkakuji, Ryoanji and Ninnaji to name a few, but others and just enough to not lose interest.  Wil was now staying in a Ryokan in central Kyoto and sleeping in a Western styled bed with television, air-conditioning, his own shower and toilet and a comfortable chair to sit upon and look out at what was going outside in the streets.
He was now knowledgeable in finding his way through the masses of restaurants and food outlets under Kyoto railway station and feasting on their different cuisines.  He was enjoying himself walking the streets to find a tiny but quaint bar owned by a Japanese golfing fanatic who plastered the walls with photos of golf including one of him with Jack Nicholas, a place of wooden mallets on golf sticks, ancient wooden putters, and photos of players in foursquare trousers with hat.  The bar owners food is simple and coffee good, and the beer cool, no language spoken other than Japanese to his customers, but Wil was able to sit with them with his coffee, or beer.  This was a different place and it had different spirits.
Before he left Japan, Wil caught a train down to Nara, an ancient city of parks, trees and gardens, and something of Buddhism.  No problem anymore for finding a Ryokan for a couple of nights; close to food bars or restaurants and Wil was able to walk Nara’s parks and gardens for a day or two.
One such garden was going to alter Wil’s life in some way.  It’s known as the Isuien Garden and once belonged to a Japanese merchant who built a garden to complement his home and service his family and invited guests.  He entertained within his garden and its courtyards, and they were quaintly attached to an ancient wooden home.

Wil wandered into this garden by chance, alone, stumbling on to it on the way to its neighbour, the Yoshikien Garden located next door.  He walked through an arch and found himself to be alone, no one hindering him from taking a stroll in the garden and to a seat located at its far end.
A seat which faced back to the home, now 50 m away down a slight slope bordered by a  small stream coursing its way along the right-hand side of the scene, and ancient trees arching overhead, still bare of their leaves, pebbled pathways and moss ground cover, and serenity.  When Wil sat on that seat with his camera in hand and looking back to the home, he could feel its past coming to him, the Japanese owner and his guests, the trees in full bloom, sunlight streaming through the trees to mottle reflections on the green lawn, and a picture of pure harmony was calling.
“We are the spirits of the garden.”  We are of the spirits of the garden, or something like that.
“We are of the spirits of the garden,” and these words were coming to him from all things within the garden.  He had discovered an inner self connecting to it.  Its energies were coming to him, his mind settled, clean and free, and peacefulness was coming over him.  As if a sixth or hidden sense within him had emerged and was giving to him something of nature in its purest form, spiritually clean and of harmony.
The essence of connectedness lay in spirits.  He was taking away something very special.
Wil left that garden thinking ‘I'm going to return, but first to look at the garden next door then walk up to the Todaiji Temple’.  He did get up to the Todaiji Temple, and largest wooden structure in the world, but time never let him return to that place of garden spirits as Wil had to collect his bag from the Ryokan, have some lunch, and catch a bus to Osaka and the flight back to Australia.
It was a short and packed two weeks and feeling Kyoto temple gardens he visited, and stepped within, had to be visited four times.  Once as he had done, but a little later in the year, so the visit coincided with the erupting of blossoms from ornamental cherries heralding the coming of the spring.  Summer when the gardens are shaded and dry and mosses retreating, then a visit during Autumn when the colour and fall of leaves transcend towards the earth, and finally, a fourth visit during the depths of Winter as snow carpets the ground, and ice forms in the pools.
Basically, spring, summer, autumn and winter; four visits, same gardens, but four moods, and that of the responses to the season and each garden’s behaviour reflecting and adapting to that of the season.  But, also something to reflect the timeliness of these gardens, their design catering for all seasons and ensuring their visual harmony remains in place.  Also something of their creators and thoughts of the builders ensuring the gardens evolved in accordance to the season and their visual harmony remaining intact.
Climate has so much to do with the shaping and functioning of any garden and a garden’s mood reflects those climatic influences.  The rays of the sun and the length of the shadows, the dry or wet of the ground, and what is covering it, and the responses of each plant to its role in each season.
Why weren’t these attributes taught during landscape architecture lectures?  Wil pondering, teachers seem too eager to neglect and nullify the essence of nature and prefer to design places so we fit into them as a product of a physical dimension.  Surely, there are other sides to a garden!
The dynamics of a garden lie within its moods and those moods are available to its user, and the user adapts or responds in their moods to suit the aura and energy of that place.  Connectedness is the essence of a garden visit or experience.  Wil felt he was getting somewhere.
Woopy Revisited
Back in Brisbane, Australia and his trusty RAV 4 still present in a long term storage place not far from the airport.  ‘Should I phone Betty?’ thought Wil.  ‘No those days have passed.’  He’d call Simon and Sally when he was sitting once again on his chair beside his table and the waters of the Pacific Ocean lapping the shore, their energies awaiting him.
Back to Woopy and his relocatable, and still the same place; saying g’day to neighbours and his new-found friends in the caravan park.  He walked to Pam’s van and she was not there, then he took a short drive up the road for a carton of mid-strength beer, and he was home.
Wil had some thinking to do.  Should he go on another trip or get a job, dust off his L.A. stuff, and strut his wares down at Coffs.  He could spend some money on his relocatable for winter, or spend winter on the road travelling somewhere in Australia.  Thinking that if his RAV 4 had a towbar, he could purchase a second hand Jayco extendable pop-top camper van, hit the road up north towards Cairns...and maybe not ever return.
But he didn’t, instead Wil thought about trolling the ‘net’ for a female companion, someone like Pam.  No, he didn’t do that either, but what he did was visit Rebecca at the travel agency and by chance asking her if she had any deals to Bangkok early to mid-October, and from there a flight to and out of Yangon, in Myanmar.
Rebecca efficiently got onto her computer terminal, punching in keys and said, “I can get you to Bangkok for $530 return, all up.  You can buy your flight to Myanmar from Bangkok a lot cheaper than me.”
Wil replied, “Let’s do it, and this time five weeks should be enough for me.”  Five weeks gets under more expensive travel insurance rates but its enough time to really soak up Myanmar and may be chill out somewhere near Chiang Mai, if he felt like it.
Rebecca said, “You’ll have to get a visa from the Myanmar Embassy in Canberra.  Their forms are on the internet.  I’ll download them for you.”
Wil in the meantime thought he’d fix up his relocatable a bit, straighten and slightly enlarge the veranda and decking, install a gas heater, repaint the interior, replace the carpets, light fittings, and blinds and then recondition the kitchen.  Yes, he would virtually gut the place and modernise it.  Might as well do the furniture too, for he had taken over the existing furniture when he bought the home.
A project for him to do in winter, he thought, ‘and I’ll talk to John again’.  Maybe he’ll take a trip down the coast to see an uncle.  ‘Yeah, the good life continues.’
‘Is there a link between a place’s Chi and its spirit?’  Wil had been asking himself this question while sitting back in his chair with a cold xxxxGold beer within a stubby holder in hand, and thinking, ‘Chi is energy as he understood it and everything within a place emits energy.  It’s the collective energies of a place which give its visitor good or bad vibes, and through Chi, they transmit a spiritual connection, if that's the word.’  He didn't know, early days.  These were loose thoughts.
Wil searched through his reference books and found the one he was looking for.  It was Terah Collins, ‘A Western Guide to Feng Shui’ and it suggesting Chi is present in everything and influenced by its Yin and Yang and Five Element Balance.  While another reference Wil looked into, Gil Hale’s, ‘The Feng Shui Garden’, suggesting the garden as a place of Chi, influenced by its Yin and Yang and Five Element Balance and our receptiveness to it is influenced by Chi's response to Yin and Yang and its Five Element Balance relationships.  All gobbly-gook, but Wil was sensible enough to accept the Taoist notion about Yin and Yang and they preceding that of those who write about Feng Shui.
Wil dug up some notes he had placed in a storage box, to see if they were still relevant.  At the time, they seemed to be and so unique.  The notes suggested good Chi gives good values, a feeling of harmony and contentment and responds to the Chinese acceptance to health, wealth and happiness.  It was a relationship thing between our surroundings, and us intertwining with each other, and being congenial.  That seemed OK.  Good Chi meanders and enhances everything it touches.  That’s OK.  Chi moves through everything we use and touch and sustains and direct our health and movements for it is life’s energy. ‘That’s also OK’, thought Wil.  ‘Chi moves within a sphere of influence and its presence impacts on our sense of sight, sound, smell, touch and taste and integrates within eight elements of any site’, and these in Wil’s mind being; light, shadow, shape, colour, sounds, smell, movement and ambience of climatic influences.  ‘Yes’, thought Wil, ‘I’m onto something here.’
‘Feng Shui has become something recent to people in the West, but those ancient Chinese didn't place Gods over the land as did the Hindus!  They relied on Qi or Chi as the governing energy of a place, and possibly Taoists attached themselves to its spiritual guidance.  They knew they could grasp connectedness with it and relate to its needs and wants; that of Yin and Yang and living things, and a places response to Yin and Yang.  It was logical and plausible, and Yin and Yang offered that.’
‘Those ancient Chinese or Taoists accepted colours and shapes related to the elements of Fire, Earth, Metal, Water and Wood and these elements supporting each other in a complimentary, supporting or enhancing cycle, and a second cycle was in play between those five elements where they opposed, diminished or suppressed influence over another element.  The ancient Chinese were content to accept Five Element Balance as something of nature’s will for maintaining relationships between all things and relating their influence upon one another as something of balance and harmony; reasoning with the notions through logic and wisdom and accepted it as divinity.  Harmonious places are places of balance between Yin and Yang and the Five Elements.’
‘The Chinese needed not to create Gods to distinguish change in their surroundings or turn to Gods of divinity that were able to influence energies to become perpetual guides to their health and well-being.’
‘Ancient Chinese reasoned through logic and whatever aids became available to them such as the Moon, its rotation around the Earth, the Sun and its seasons, the tides and movements of the seas, seasonal change in climate and changes in the behaviour of plants and animals from place to place.  They reasoned and accepted variations in rainfall and strength of the Sun, and whatever influences could alter or influence their life, and that a person's good fortune and health lay within the functioning of their surroundings.  And a landscape with abundant beneficial Chi was more beneficial than one that wasn't.’  Wil was on a roll...again.
The abundance of Chi was something to find and attach to, to give them continued health, prosperity and happiness.  The landscape did it as much as anything else and they sought and took refuge within such places.  Feng Shui masters came into being and practiced divination to find such places.  The Feng Shui masters rejected places where its energies were overpoweringly inauspicious.
They knew people who lived in places of inauspicious Chi lived lives of poor health, continuing poverty and were unhappy.
Wil knew his destiny lay with finding places for those who want to live in harmony with their surroundings, and in making this observation, he wanted to transpose his findings within his mind for he had crossed over from the world of static landscape architecture practice and tradition to another world, and that of divination, and energy, and spirit within; for they were the true governors of the land.
It might have been the xxxxGold beer or the gentle sounds of waves breaking on the shore, but Wil knew his journey from this time on was to find something of himself so different to his past and Burma, now known as Myanmar, somehow held the way and secret to it all.
Thinking of Chi over a second or third stubby of beer, Wil asked himself, ‘Do we have to prepare ourselves to become receptive to receiving Chi energy and their spiritual companionship? Is it conditioned mentally, mind freed of other constraints and opening up to take in other things than the physical to what a place offers?’
‘A place has another face and it’s lying underneath the physical, and most of us only see the physical.’  This was an important realisation for Wil, for the spirits of a place were somehow connected to its energies, and his quest was how to realise they exist and receive them.
We may only see the physical.  Yes it does, but to move past the physical requires acceptance to their energy whatever form it takes or become known as.  Whether it's Chi, Qi or Prana, or energies known to the American Indians, the South American Inca, the Egyptians, the Australian Indigenous Aboriginal, or whatever ancient and present-day culture.  They all excepted spirits and energies of those surrounding and these were coming from another level of connection.  All those cultures received and accepted energies of a different kind, but all emulating one energy or spirit, and that being nature and our natural surroundings.
These energies linking all parts together and Wil’s thinking of something else and his thinking leading to ‘What endows a place with a spirit we can connect with?
Is it history or our knowing something about the place and maybe that Gallipoli shoreline and its ascending hills reflecting back to those who looked upwards as they stepped ashore under a hail of bullets and shells, knowing they were in a place of death, or that temple in Luang Prebang knowing Genghis Khan possibly sat on the same floor in the same place as Wil did, and meditated.  Maybe a Roman ruin in Ephesus in Turkey, and Romans in their robes walking down its descending hill to the library or great theatre.  Possibly, Angkor's Ta Prohm at the setting of the sun before the trees asserted their presence and dominance to claim the ruin and take it back to join with the jungle.  Maybe, was it being within that Japanese merchant’s garden in Nara when a late autumn sun arched its way through trees dropping their spiralling leaves, still coloured in their reds and browns?
It could be all.  But does it have to be something of human endeavour or presence, such as this deck he was sitting on by the sea or the street outside.  Does it have to be a Cathedral or hall in the American South to those sitting there listening to an evangelist calling to Jesus?  Is it something greater to encompass all?
Whatever, where ever, it is something that drives us to that place.  Whatever, it's Chi or energies, or something else; something far deeper potentially on offer to us, and to humans past, and present.  But what of a natural place untouched by man.  Surely it has to have its Chi and its spirits and they doing their thing since time began?
Ben from next door was calling out to Wil and asking him if he wanted to join him and his wife Merle, for they were off to the RSL for the chook raffle.
Wil’s empowerment now lost for another time.
People-who-knew-people in the park did the work on Wil’s relocatable.  They were good people and relatively cheap, but hopelessly unreliable.  Must be something in the air up here or within its water, because they keep saying, ‘if not today, maybe tomorrow’ and accept that is the way it is; for Wil was used to working with contractors who turned up on time, every time.
A month became two or more, so he decided to do most of the work himself.  An old carpenter bloke with some tools helped Wil alter his veranda.  He found a gas fitter to install an extra LPG bottle and gas heater outlet and while active, Wil got him to install an instantaneous gas water heater, located onto an outside wall.  Wil found a plumber through the gas fitter and the plumber finding an electrician and collectively over time, connected the gas with the water system and some internal lighting, including one located on the wall on his now extended veranda.
It was also a time to talk to Simon and Sally and keep them up to date with his goings on and asking them down for a weekend to show off the refurbished relocatable, which they did and enjoy it all.
Simon saying to Dad, “You've hit a jackpot here, and you need nothing more in life.  It's at your doorstep, no massive house and neighbours who don't want to know you, and they have all those lawns to mow.  You have new people here who look after your place while you're away, and if you're ill, they’ll make sure you’re okay.
“Money isn't everything to life”, said Sally, which he found funny coming from them as they were in their own struggle to get ahead themselves.
His shares portfolio was also looking up for dividends were strengthening again, especially in Australian banks and prospects for the Australian economy bright while we are able to hang on to China's coat tails rather than the US who had seemed to have fallen into a hole.  Maybe the US was a fading nation, thought Wil.  Time will tell and hopefully, but not wantonly, China will be there to replace America, and with China, unknowns.
No call from Malouf, his and Betty’s solicitor.  No doubt, Betty was content with the way things worked out.
She hadn't taken the dissolution of marriage any further or hadn't signed the documents to take over the house.  Or reached a process where appropriation of the house into her name could take place.
Wil wasn't concerned.  Betty was paying the outgoings for the house and it had no mortgage.  It was done as far as Wil was concerned.
The blokes in the park made sure Wil wasn't left on his own, for they would haul him up to the RSL for a beer or two and the Raffles on a Friday night, social golf at Safety Beach, and fishing from Mulloway on a 16 foot runabout belonging to Sam.  Sam had been a miner from Wollongong, and no doubt retired with a generous super payout or whatever, because he seemed to have a bottomless pit of money and enjoyed every minute of it.  Sam was a product of 30 years of Australian politics which deliberately took the money from the land owners and gentry and distributed Australia’s wealth to the growing middle class and protected worker.  Sam was a product of the period of the worker and organised trade unionism in Australia.
Roslyn of Daimler Clyde Realty got in touch with Wil one day asking was he the landscape architect now living in Woopy.  Wil said he was and Roslyn wanted to know if he was interested in designing a garden for a client of hers.
A new home in an estate at Safety Beach, a pavilion styled four-bedroom home, standard sized block, sloping land, facing North and East.  The owners had little capital to spend on a garden, but wanted a design they could work to in stages.
Wil knew the brief only too well, an old hat for someone who had encountered this process so many times before, but a couple of things bothered him.  Brisbane plants may not suit Safety Beach and Wil’s drawing table, paper, pencils, and computer for detail and spec were in a self-storage locker.
Roslyn said he could sketch just something enough to outline some ideas and maybe attach some handwritten notes to guide the landscape, and attach a plant list, if that was okay.  She said she could get it typed along with any notes Wil wanted to write down.
So Wil had a job, or $100 of it, but a job and an interest.  He wandered around the plant nursery in Woopy; a wholesaler at Moonee and large retailer at Sawtell with notebook and pencil in hand and prepared a list of available and suitable plants for the area.  What is available in the retail nurseries always is a good start, and as a precaution, Wil took time to walk around most streets in Safety Beach to make sure the ones he selected were present and hadn't missed any.
Funnily enough, he had practised for 20 years in Toowong and never prepared a plant list this way.  They just seem to come to him over the years, for he was too conservative to experiment with new plants.
Discussing the design with the owners became interesting, because Wil said he'd like to get its Feng Shui right.
“Wow”, the wife exclaimed, “A Feng Shui expert”, and said, “Please go ahead, but we've got no money.”
Wil couldn't care about the money, for it was a chance to marry Yin with Yang and getting the gardens Five Element Balance right, and he had read on a website, do the garden, ‘on the curve’.  Beneficial Chi likes to meander and not be rushed.  Get some water in there somewhere, and that's about all he could do within such a small area.
He sketched a design using paper from a stationers shop in Coffs Harbour just using one pencil.  Noting down some points to consider along one side, and on the other side placing a planting schedule for the plants, with notes for expected numbers and species he preferred to use.  He denoted their location on the sketch and added a rough sketch for the design of a water feature to be located on the topside of a curving pathway leading to the front door; all good stuff in Wil’s imagination.
The couple were overawed by the result and felt sort of guilty handing over their building society cheque for one hundred dollars.
The sad part about it is the garden on Wil’s drawing never materialised other than a curved gravel pathway leading to the front door.  The couple may have started using Wil’s plan, but they were influenced with what other neighbours did, and abjectly followed them, not seeing or realising Wil’s garden of Feng Shui and harmony would have become the template for the street and neighbourhood.
Currarong
‘I need a break’, thought Wil, and a phone call to Uncle Norm down at Currarong did it!
“Come on down, Wil”, said his Uncle Norm.  “Things are quiet down here and it's a bit cold, but I've got a combustion heater and its warmer here right on the coast.”
“You have got a great spot here, Uncle Norm”, said Wil after settling into the weatherboard cottage with its rusty galvanised roof.  The gardens were overgrown, but his Uncle had a huge vegetable patch on some vacant land beside the cottage.  A Southern Cross windmill, which until recently was still operational and brought water from a well to fill their buckets, or pumped to a tank positioned on four stout rough sawn bush posts, located on top of a slope beside the house.
Norm and Auntie Iris were true blue Currarong residents, coming to the area before the Second World War and building their cottage using second-hand building materials.  Both of them well into their 80s and still going strong.  Home-grown vegetables, the salt air and plenty of fish no doubt a good recipe for a long life.
Evening came around after a short walk upon the beach for Wil then an evening for home cooked roast and Wil explaining his separation from Betty, his children’s responses, giving up his practice and he was now living in a relocatable at Woopy on the North Coast.
Their conversation came around to Aunty Iris asking Wil what he wanted to do now he had left Betty and lived at Woolgoolga.
Wil replied, “I don't know.  I want to go back into landscape architecture, but not how I was.” Continuing, “There's something more in a landscape other than functionality, presentation and formality.  It is too rigid and nature has been designed out.  You know it's all about pleasing clients, them showing off their landscapes, and of course the design always remaining safe.  You know, not failing, so they don't come back at you.  We tend to practice traditional ways, use traditional plants and bend all the time to suit the client's needs.”
“I've changed if you haven't noticed” he said with a smile.  “I'm not the old Wil of Toowong Village any more, but someone searching for something I want to call my own.  You know; a journey and possibly a gardening style which people can use so they can connect with their surroundings and become close to nature, and something spiritual about it all.  I want to give the garden life, character and let have its own spirit, probably something of the East, Zen or Balinese.  I don't know, but I'm going to find it, that's for sure.  Then I’m going to go back and become a landscape architect.”
There was silence.
“I've been walking over this Peninsula for 40 years”, said Norm, “And the Aboriginals before me used it for 1000 years.  They connected to it and it was a spiritual place for them.  It gave them what they wanted and they respected it.  It was a very deep feeling with the land, and sometimes Wil, I get this strange feeling I'm in someone else’s place.  I can feel their presence and I know Aboriginal people felt it, it was a spiritual thing.  Tomorrow I’ll take you for a walk and lead you to a place which to me is very special.  I’m getting too old to go all the way with you, but I’ll show you the way to a special place, a sacred space.”
Next morning, Uncle Norm and Wil were on the walking trail past Abraham Bosom’s Creek and to the wreck of a passenger ship ‘SS Merimbula’ or what is left of it.  They walked past Pebbly Beach, past Honeysuckle Point and with his uncle walked along fishermen paths past Gosang’s Tunnel towards the steep cliffs of Beecroft Peninsula.  Norm told Wil where to go when they reached a fork in the track then norm sat down on a log beside some Casuarina’s so he could look back across the peninsula and out to sea.
Not far from the fork in the track, Wil walked into a gully which looked more like a marsh, and underneath some small cliffs were extraordinary shelters hidden from Europeans and known only to a few like Uncle Norm.
 

Sunlight was working its way through the overhead canopy of Eucalyptus and Banksia trees and its light was dancing against the walls and onto the sandy floor of the caves.  Wil looked for paintings or markings on the ceiling, but there weren’t any.  On the cave floor he noticed some fragments of shell, but nothing else.
It was a peaceful ambience that came over Wil knowing he had stepped back in time 1000 years or more and this place was home for Aboriginal people.  Their empowerment to this place was still present and in some way became welcoming.  Coming to Wil because he respected this place and what had passed long before.
He thought, ‘There is a presence and it’s the powerful energy of those people emulating from the shadows within the overhanging caves.’  Wil knew they had used them.  There was no evidence other than the shell fragments and that feeling coming over him saying they had.
The feeling of time and place, ‘I keep repeating those words, time and place’, thought Wil, ‘for some reason they’ll haunt me, and I will repeat them.’
‘The two words have a deeper meaning’, thought Wil, ‘because they imaged the timeliness of a place, it being a silent host to its long past and myriad of uses, and visual reminder of a past age, exactly as Indigenous Aboriginals would have known and used it.’
A deep fissured Banksia serrata (Sawtooth Banksia) within the adjoining bush would have been present when the Australian Indigenous Aboriginal people of the Beecroft Peninsula came to this place and maybe carried a dead goanna or wallaby slung across their back.  Women and men both clothed in possum skins, holding their fire stick, chatting, laughing and taking shelter here from storms and cold winter winds.  A fire would have been burning continuously at the mouth of the overhanging rock to cast its reflections back upon the walls and ceiling to those sleeping inside.  For the cave was sheltered completely from the West and South, and about 40 yards in front of the overhangs, a peatmoss soak was able to provide a continual supply of water.  The words, ‘time and place’ still came to Wil as its single expression of such a place.
The energy of that place had become elevated and compelling as the rays of the winter sun strengthened and shadows cast themselves upon the surfaces of anything in their way, displaying a mixture of bright light and stark shadows.  The trees also frozen; grasses and shrubs hypnotised to the scene, something like a three dimensional fresco of some sort for there was no wind to disturb anything in that place.
The cave’s ceiling never to have seen direct sunlight, but its surface stark in the reflection of light from that afternoon sun, the scars of fires present along its edges and upper walls, and on some places, the ceiling, no doubt scarred by campfires and occurrences of wildfire of many centuries.
Time had frozen that energy into the shadows, casting themselves along the cave edges with their sand floor and smoked edged walls and ceiling.  The shelter looking out at a landscape of thousands of years or maybe it’s the landscape looking back to some overhanging caves of many thousands of years, and their use from an ancient people.  They both seemed attached to each other.
Wil sat on a fallen log lying close to the overhangs and had a drink from his water bottle, chewing on a couple of energy bars he carried in his rucksack.  He let his surroundings come to him.  Him alone and wondering if other people came here with him would he have the same feeling.  ‘I think not’, he thought.  It was a place to visit alone.
Wil returned to the edge of the overhanging rock shelter and picked his way back through the scrub back onto the track, returning to where his uncle was waiting.  Wil feeling that his uncle had wanted him to visit this place alone.  Wil was grateful for his uncle's gesture.
They returned to his Uncle Norm and Aunty Iris’s place the same way, pausing and languishing in the early afternoon sun in late July on the Beecroft Peninsula, for nature was beside them both, and joined with them, and they felt content.  Wil knew his uncle had a spiritual link with this land.
It was a pleasant week at Currarong, walking the many tracks of Beecroft Peninsula, walking the beach towards Kinghorne Point and Culburra, sitting on Iris and Norm's front veranda, and as at Woopy, looking out to sea, but this time onto rocky strips of brown ironstone, edging their way from the beachfront into a quiet bay, not influenced by the openness of the ocean, and the crystal white sand making a perfect backdrop to the tranquillity of the scene.  ‘This also was a place of energy’, thought Wil.
The sheltered bay was a place where sailing ships harboured during southerly gales as they plied their way between Sydney Cove and small ports scattered along the New South Wales Southern Coast.
Back at Woopy once again, and the gas heater was doing its job, the chair and table out the front doing their job, and Wil succumbed to the joys of nothingness or not much at all.
He had tried to find a female companion using e-Harmony, but the responses seem too far away, south to Sawtell and for reasons unbeknown to him, he just couldn't pick up the phone and make contact.  Contact brought commitment, commitment some form of engagement, and engagement there to be broken, and disengagement meant extraction from the relationship.
Relationships seem to be something of three stages for someone like Wil at his unsettled stage in life, they being introduction, connection, and the third one, extraction.  The first two parts were easy, but the third meant too much work and too many hurdles to overcome along the pathway of hope, then possibly, disappointment or rejection.
The trip to Myanmar or Burma was quickly arriving and for this trip Wil was going to use a Lonely Planet guide and the Internet, planning an itinerary as he did for Turkey, but making it without dates or a rigid order of movement.  He'd leave it up to the gods of travel, such as the weather.
Myanmar
He was off again, up the Pacific Highway to Brisbane and storage for his trusty RAV 4, then a shuttle to the airport.  The usual waiting in queues and being singularly alone and liking it.
The flight took Wil to Bangkok, and its huge cavernous arrivals terminal, to customs and finding his luggage carousel then out to the front and asking for Khao san Road, and someone was only too helpful to suggest that he head across to an area and wait for a minibus.
He found himself with fellow travellers, all young from wherever, being chatty and laughing all the bloody way, and no one seemed to be interested in striking up a conversation with Wil.  They deposited from the bus at Khao san Roads northern intersection, now after dusk and he was alone with this bag and knew the place he wanted to stay was down the other end of the road and a right turn.
So a walk in the early evening along Khao san Road looking very aged amongst those on the street, for it’s closed to traffic after dusk and the crowds spill across the street.  There in their hundreds being hassled by someone wanting to offer some new toy or some drinks in a bar.
Wil reached Khao san Road's end and turned right, crossed over the busy road and walked past a Buddhist temple, then at the first set of traffic lights, turning left and walking into a quieter street and about 100 m on the right, the Rambuttri Village Plaza Inn.  No reservation but a room was his, so up the lift he went to freshen up, followed by a long walk out in the nearby streets getting his first taste of life in Bangkok.  There were plenty of cafes and food stalls for a stool to sit on and some noddles, then across the street to a table, and a Singh beer to look at those who were like himself, travelling through Asia and Bangkok being their base, but to some, they seemed right at home, and maybe it was.
A fellow traveller suggested to Wil that cheap flights were on offer through the travel agents located on Khao san Road and next morning he took a look at them.  He found one on the eastern side behind rows of street stalls, and behind a booth sat a Thai man with very good English and listening as had done many times to a new traveller.
“So you want to go to Yangon.  Got your passport?  Give me some dates, tomorrow and return, what date?”
A phone call and writing down on his pad, “Kop an kah”, a pause, “Ah”, pause, “Ah” pause, “Aah”, then he put the phone down.
“Mister, tomorrow booked but next day Ok.  Flight return OK.  I can do it for 7300 Bart both ways.”
Wil said, “Is that your best deal.  I might look around for a while.”
“Of course”, was the reply.  Then Wil said, “We’ll do it”, because the man had said there were only three seats left for the flight day after tomorrow.  “Go outside for a money changer.”  Within five minutes, Wil had his trip to Yangon and return paid for.  His visa was done back in Australia, covering his time in Myanmar or for some, Burma.
He asked the travel agent, “What I can do tomorrow?”
The Thai man suggested the River Kwai trip is very popular.  It’s cheap and they pick you up at the hotel.  So easily organised, for tomorrow Wil was to take the day trip to a war cemetery, a museum of some sort, a bridge over the River Kwai, a rail trip along a section built by the prisoners of the Japanese, and some other things to fill the day, which he did.  The present day was spent walking the streets around his hotel then down to the river and boarding a river ferry, a map in hand and enjoying the bustle of Bangkok.
Wil noticed the efficiency of the ferryboat operators, the dirty, swiftly moving water, carrying huge barges linked together.  Gazing at Buddhist temples and their freshly painted buildings, Wil got off somewhere where a lot of other foreigners got off.  There were many foreigners on the ferry carrying their cameras and hoisting shoulder bags, wearing sunglasses and chatting, and they all seem to be with someone.
Wil took a walk along busy streets not knowing too sure where he was then found a place to have something to eat and walked to the previous wharf he’d noted on the map.  Then with another mob of foreigners back up the river counting the stops then to alight where he’d got on.  A taste of Bangkok, and he’d liked it.
The River Kwai trip was unremarkable.  He was in a minibus and there were people to talk with, for he was the oldest and they wanted to know about Australia.  Wil could fill them in only so much for most of his life was restricted to his twelve square miles.
They were dropped off at the Kanchanaburi War Cemetery as the sun beat into the sky.  The group spreading apart from other groups and their mini buses or coaches, to individually walk amongst pure white markers with names of many Australians, Dutch or English etched upon their face.  Each marker showing their age and sometimes a message from love ones or some words to signify their individualism, but the messages were of acceptance to their fate.

The morning sun was working its way through the trees beside the cemetery.  The green of lawn, movements of people, a shrine of white flag poles and a cross, the individual markers themselves, the neat orderly rows and the spiritual reverence of it all.  He was willing himself to be overcome by the spirituality of the place, thinking it would offer respect to those inscribed on those markets.  The innocent, captured and led to their deaths by an invader, being forced to do tasks where death was a formality and release for many.  Maybe the sun or the silly short time allotted by the group leader who seemed to be waiving all of them back to the bus.  ‘Why couldn’t he just be left here to join with them?’
But no, he was bustled back to the bus, and onto the next stop.  He was being hooked into commercialism, not spiritualism!
On the way back to Bangkok and his hotel, Wil felt about the meaningless of his overseas trip.  Why was he doing this?  He wasn’t over here to feed on Thai food, shop or for sex!  He didn't see himself as a ‘got it do it all before I die traveller’.  He was too old to be a backpacker traveller, and too poor or unwilling to be on a guided tour and stay in the fancy hotels.
He had no business or purpose.  It wasn’t a holiday for Wil, but he seemed to be a nothing man, a journeyman on a pilgrimage to who-knows-what, and it might come to him as some sort of bright light or spiritual miracle, but how and where?
But he was doing it, and tomorrow Myanmar.
Yangon or Rangoon, Myanmar or Burma, Wil preferred to say he was in Yangon and Burma.  He was now within a country of history, culture, friendly, gentle people, and a ruthless and tyrannical military regime.  A country where it’s elected leader, Aung San Suu Kyi remains in her home under house arrest, a country where dissidents are locked up, some never to be seen again, and monks sick of the tyranny of power or the blind folly of self and greed, rising in the street and being rounded up, beaten and for some, never to be seen again.  Monks seem so central to Burmese life.  The name Burma seemed to fit its past better than something a military dictator chose.  Wil would say he visited Burma.
Yangon is a decaying city of British Colonial architecture, of heritage, place and tradition forced onto the Burmese by the British, but also a country handed by the British to the Indian Raj, then invaded by the Japanese; accepting the Japanese, then turning against them to side with the British, then peace and wealth, then dictatorship from its military and sinking to where it is today.
Yangon, located on a tributary to the Irrawaddy which ran the length of Burma and fuels its heart and economic stability.  A country sandwiched between the continents of India and Bangladesh, the Himalayas, China to its north, Laos and Thailand to its east, a country rich in natural resources now being exploited including natural gas, timber, rice and rubies, and its monetary wealth, held by so few.
A military regime to retain and control wealth in their hands, and keep it within their families, and not heeding any call to let this country's wealth filter down to its people, its people poor but happy in company with their Buddhist faith; prolonging suffering and being denied justice, and human rights for them non-existent.  They are socially benign and restricted to live lives which most would describe as poor and permanent.
People from the West coming as travellers for Bagan and Mandalay, to visit temples and history, Yangon and the Shwedagon Pagoda; they travelling on airlines owned or operated by government or wealth attached to it and a part of every dollar they spend in some way, reached the pockets of the elite.
Walking the streets of Yangon around places of accommodation like the Motherland Inn 2, where Wil stayed, became a walk back into time.  Streets are potholed so deep, and many vehicles are left with no option other than too wind their way along its streets past people poor beyond Western comprehension.  But they seemed happy.
A great paradox; private cars are few, taxis they are old and held together with welding and straps.  The English presence long gone, but their buildings, railways and roads and ports remain and frailly bind this country together.  A place easily to become depressed within and unsettling for those of the West who venture here for dreams to be met.
Wil was one of those persons.  He came to Burma for salvation.  His dream lies here somewhere.  He is waking within, waiting to be released by a vision so profound, his spiritual awakening or birth to be had, and becoming joyousness from then on.  He was seeking its spirits.
But, nature had other plans for Wil.  His itinerary not of much use any more for a typhoon was coming across the Bay of Bengal and sweeping into Burma, across Myaung U where Wil had planned to start his visit, across the ancient city of Mandalay, and across the upper reaches of the Irrawaddy where Wil was going to fly to and travel down the mighty river by public ferry, sleeping on its deck and  passing a town where George Orwell penned ‘Burma Days’, and its pages presenting something of the time of British occupation in Burma.  George Orwell’s descriptions as they were and waiting for those who step up the bank of the Irrawaddy River.
Wil’s adventure with Burma punctured by a typhoon and a stomach and bowel irritation which suddenly emerged as he left the airport upon arrival, for something of a higher order or spiritual strength had plotted to direct Wil’s journey into Burma, their way, not his.
So Yangon became a place to stay for a few days, visiting a French doctor of extreme capability who remedied Wil quickly with medicines and treatments of France, and a doctor to people of importance waiting in his surgery.
Wil walked streets so he could witness Yangon’s people in their streets, not helped because the government had moved its capital from Yangon and built a new city with a four-lane divided and empty highway stretching north to a place of a modern empty airport, huge empty buildings and places of government for voters if elected, were able to discard their military uniforms at the foyer before representing Burma's people as fellow citizens.  Those who suggest this is democracy should read other books or tales, for the future road of Burma lies within the military's desire to maintain control and augment their wealth.  But, the future of any country is unsure, and maybe Burma’s future will change for the betterment of its people.
Wil wasn't impressed upon arriving in Burma, and depressed when he left, it altering his life's journey once again, but that was to come.
“I can get you a flight to Inle tomorrow”, said the manageress of Motherland Inn 2.  “At least you are out of the city, and if you're well enough, it's comfortable for you.”
“That's fine”, said ‘Wil, “And thank you for your interest in me.”
“You, good man”, said the lady and Wil knew what that message meant.
The French doctor’s remedies worked their magic, the typhoon had moved on into China as a rain depression, and the rainfall surrounding Yangon was clearing.  The sun shone again and Wil fed on its energy and life.  Sunlight lifts depression and is Yang, for Yang brings life and is intractably coupled to nature.  The sun offers a remedy as powerful as any medicine.
Inle
Returning to Yangon airport again arriving in an ageing taxi looking very much like the Oxford or Ambassador motorcar, but before leaving the quest house, Wil booked a flight to and from Sittwe, the airport closest to the Mrauk U temple complex and hopefully giving Wil something back from his shortened trip to Burma.  But Burma’s secrets still lay in Bagan and its images via Lonely Planet and search pages of Google, beckon Wil as an insect to an illuminated street lamp.
An airflight for an hour north to Inle Lake, he using Air Bagan to keep some dollars from the Government, and with many travellers to Burma, Wil wanted to ensure his US dollars, the only currency to be used by foreigners or visitors to Burma, were able to flow as much as possible through the street side economy.  He had to stock up on US dollars before arriving because there were few banks and no ATMs.  This was good because all his money as much as possible could go to the people closest to the street.  Wil was sure this was the best way for a foreigner to travel through Burma.  Keep close to the streets and its people, and spread your one and two dollars freely, for they are the true people of Burma, and supporting their lives so desperately welcomed.
Leaving the airport 20 or so miles from Inle Lake, and he shared a taxi with a couple from Sweden and a girl from California.
Wil suggested they stay at a guesthouse he’d heard about for some reason, maybe its presence beside an inlet onto the Lake and the boatpeople who found their customers from this location.  For the girl sharing his hotel was just 22 years of age and so fresh to him and able to share company with him for some meals and a day on Inle lake.  They shared their boat with the Swedish couple who happened to be on the jetty, and quartering the expense.
A day of discovery and away from the unsettledness poor Wil had put up with until now.  It was replaced possibly with anguish, the intense sun and patchy rain.  Sun and rain huddled under umbrellas provided by the boat operator as he sped onto the Lake, and Wil lucky to bundle himself within a plastic poncho to keep driving rain from his face.
They visited villages floating on water, villages on small islands with their customary Buddhist temple, they passed Western-style hotels set onto piers shimmering in mists and their place of residence for well to do tourists on tour packages.
To Wil and his companions, their trip coincided with a water festival and they became witness to a column of heavily festooned boats each one joined to each other by a platted rope, and each boat propelled along the narrow waterway by brightly costumed oarsmen standing behind each other with their oar tucked in behind one foot, it moving in unison with all oarsmen, and they paddling to the beat of a drummer standing on the bow.  The procession slowly moving past their mooring so they were able to sit and photograph a huge festooned alter containing a Buddha styled image set high onto a larger boat, the water festival flotilla asking Buddha for good fortune in the harvesting of rice before the approaching winter or cooler months.
Their journey took the small group past small islands of mud raised to cultivate rows of tomatoes and corn for daily harvesting and transport to Yangon.  It was a lake of abundance to all who lived by its shores and upon it.  But, someone told Wil its water is to rise somewhat to drive turbines for electricity, and lake people who lived with nature may have to move elsewhere.  What was to become of their lifestyle if the waters of the lake rose considerably or even by a short margin?  Because most of the lives of the people were determined by what the lake could offer them.
The tourist thing on the lake is an important part of any trip.  The boatman and his family and friends need the tourist dollars spread across the lake with its people as well as those on land.  So Wil and his group, once aware of the people’s needs, responded sensibly purchasing some trinkets or whatever to ensure their visit was appreciated in more ways than one.
Wil’s Lonely Planet suggested Inle Lake visitors visit a temple complex of 1000 years construction or more and located off one of the Lake’s tributaries.  The temple complex was supposed to contain hundreds of stupas or small temples built by ancient Kings paying homage to the Buddha’s of those days.
It was raining and wet and the boatman having got the groups dollars for family and friends, wanted to return home.  But Wil said, “No, we’ve paid to see the temple.”  Along the swollen creeks they sped, rain in their eyes and moving past boatloads of tourists coming towards them.  They were going to this temple complex on a hillside as others were leaving.
The temple complex was found.
Upon leaving their shallow wooden boat, the small group led by Wil worked its way to find themselves beneath an ancient constructed wooden archway, an extraordinary length of 100 or more metres and underneath the massive wooden ceiling were lines of stalls displaying goods and crafts produced by local Burmese people.  It was a gauntlet to get by them without stopping and cutting into what time was left of the day, but at least, they were out of the rain.
Taking enough time so not to be disrespectful to the stallholders and working their way slowly up the slope to the temples and stupas themselves, but many shining in a golden bright image with bright white bases and images of Buddha’s tucked inside, and these looking brightly new or the original ones now painted over, the originals replaced by something alien to the culture, energy, sacrifice and spirits of those who crafted and set them into place so long ago.
 

Wil couldn't get over how people could just re-invent a holy place with gold and white enamel paint probably produced in China or Thailand and made in some factory by a machine.  How could 1000 years of history be painted over and images now displaying the generosity or prosperity and of deeds of those wanting to gain merits for their next life, and doing so offering money to the monks of a nearby monastery for restoration and renovation of the complex?
For those who visited six or 10 years before Wil, his California girl and the two Swedes, they would have witnessed a complex untouched and its spirits intact and preserved by the place itself; prevailing for all of those who went near, or too it.  ‘But’, thought Wil, ‘its spirits have been disturbed and hidden or transported to corners or crevices still untouched within the complex.  Will these also become eventually displaced by gold and white paint and Buddha images of porcelain or enamel texture?’
The sun broke through the clouds and the complex became bathed in late afternoon sunlight transforming the imagery to that of radiance, the complex now shining in sunlight and visible from the Buddhist monastery above and villages below.  Maybe, they wanted this complex to shine and radiate its energy to be viewed from afar, and not from within.
But to Wil it was sacrilege and the unfolding of ancient deeds and energies of those who constructed the stupas and crafted the bronze etchings and bells set onto the spires, and to the Buddha image within each stupa once cocooned within its home for all time.  How many people would have died to build this, were they enslaved or pilgrims?  Probably the former, and instructed by a King wanting connection to the next world.
Was it the money thing coming to the fore again?  Money and the curse of it, bearing the Yang influence to bear, for it to alter, improve, restore, garnish, change, but also to split, destroy, taint, manipulate and control.  Money given in good faith by good Buddhists from all parts of the world to ensure these temples remain, but is their money being fed to the monks in the monastery above, and their needs, or does some of it end up in a motor car or air flight to a faraway place?
Paradoxes galore in Burma where the rich give to the monks for homage into their next life, and the poor giving to the monks some part of their daily rice scooped from a bowl.  The poor permanently impoverished by the needs to support the monks.  The monks are unknowingly part of Burma's problems, and for all the wrong reasons, for Buddha didn’t want his teachings to enslave others but to give those who follow his teachings a passage to enlightenment.
The California girl and the Swedish couple again sheltering under umbrellas in the late afternoon rain and the long boat ride back to the hotel, and for Wil, a whiskey or two, alone with his thoughts, then some dinner in one of the five or six cafes not far from his hotel.
The Californian girl on her way tomorrow to Bagan by bus, and Wil was in no hurry.  She, when he said he’ll call her, ‘California Girl’ as a reference to the song sung by the Beach Boys, replied, “I got on stage with them back home.”  There was more to this girl that meets the eye!
Next day, Wil hired a bicycle and ventured into the countryside after being advised of a winery located on a hill and good wines were there to taste.  He took a morning ride on the bicycle around the town, then some lunch watching some military officers being pampered by the café owners, and the senior officer nodding in acquaintance to Wil.  Wil responded and felt good to be recognised as someone, possibly different or important to the Officer, or was the Officer simply reaching out and welcoming Wil into their land.  Wil didn't think so, for they held the keys to the countries future, and unlikely to release them to foreigners.
The afternoon and a 5 to 6 km bicycle ride to the base of a hill finding an arch at the winery entrance and once through a long cycle ride or walk up the hill to the vineyard and tasting centre.  Wil reached the centre taking the walking option and becoming pals with a group of three, including a bloke in his thirties from California, who aptly enough was a wine buff.  So Wil, he's new found friends, including a girlfriend of one, saying to the host, “We’ll taste the lot.”
They did so and eight wine glasses later the sun was setting, casting long shadows across the sugarcane land underneath them and onto the lake itself, creating a magnificent vista they had no wish to leave, and Wil merry enough to accept the ambience of it all.
The mosquitoes were attacking them, but they were too dulled by the wine, and the Californian wine buff suggested a couple of bottles for dinner, and Wil suggested some dinner at a place run by a lady of immense poise and beauty.
Darkness overcame their lulled state and there were no lights on their bikes, the road now completely dark with many small single lane bridges planked enough just to let a vehicle wheels cross and not much more.  One slip meant a big drop on either side of the track, and Wil frantically trying to remain upright and keep up with them, fearful of losing them and the lady at the front who thankfully had a flashlight and lead the way.  Fortunately, her partner saw Wil’s plight and ensured Wil as long as he could stay upright, they would slow down enough so he could remain in vision with the lady with the flashlight.  She was their Florence Nightingale of Inle!
They all survived those few miles or five or 6 km back to town and returned their bikes back to the places they had rented them from, then meeting up with Wil, walked to the restaurant with the amazingly beautiful hostess, and steadily consuming the wine over a delightful meal.
Wil was photographed standing beside her, him beaming in a full glow, she so demure and her head only coming up to reach his shoulder, and Wil wished he could truss her up and take her with him.  Not to be and respectfully so, the beautiful lady had a son at school and a good and loyal husband, and Wil’s place was not willing or wanting to cross such boundaries.
The group parted and went their own way and Wil never saw them again, such are the wanderings of those on the road as each packs up and moves on, sometimes at the strike of a clock, or tipping of their hat.
Next day, Wil walked the village once more and went across a bridge over the canal not far from where they caught their boat.  He walked away from the canal toward a village set within coconut palms and Cassia trees, some in golden flower.  He walked along a dirt track, it was an ancient track used for possibly centuries by people on foot, or a water buffalo or horse pulling carts loaded with sacks of rice, taking them to a mill for threshing, separation, and bagging using a method still in existence.
 
Wil witnessing a magnificent vista expanding in front of him sweeping across a plain of rice paddies patch-working their way in the morning sun towards the hills beyond, a vista of rice paddies, coconuts and thatched shelters, and people scattered within, tending to their crops of rice.
A feeling of tranquillity came over Wil Sinclair and it was that of ‘Connectedness’.  The Chi of this place was elevated and it was bountiful, healthy, and people were laughing and happy.  Mothers were washing clothes beside the stream running parallel with the roadway and Wil was shaded from the hot sun by the overhanging trees.  If there is a spiritual presence to a place; it was here and maybe it’s within Wil’s mind conditioning itself to receive these particular or unique spirits, while another person or their mind would see none or something completely different.  It is so personal, and reaching that special stage in life to be in a special place at a time unique to the place and the person, and the person willing and ready to receive the spirits of that place.
Wil wondered why he was connecting with his surroundings in such an intimate way while two days ago he was within a temple complex of over 1000 years of occupation and couldn't at all receive the spirits of that place.  He so wanted to receive those spirits, but thinking maybe it was the gold and white paint that may have been manufactured in China that took the spiritual empathy of that place away.
How could those who looked after that place not realise that its spirits were locked in at the time of construction and sacrifice, and some of those who built the complex, dying as they toiled.  Now lost from the time when the people of the lake came to this place for meditation or worship.  Where had the spirits of that place and time gone?  Their spirits had been disturbed!
Here he was now within a place, a place beside fields of rice and tree canopied laneways, of thatched houses tucked away within trees and coconut palms, bananas, papaya and mango, the sun strong on the ground, and shadows dark under the canopy.  This, to Wil, had become a place of spirits, they were alive and well, transported down in time from first human settlement and happy now to share this place with him.
Bagan
Bagan and Wil found himself being dropped off with other backpackers in Old Bagan, a village popular for backpackers and no tour groups, but backpackers looking for its reasonably priced guesthouse, cafes and restaurants.  His trip from Inle was by public bus containing other backpackers, and when arriving in Old Bagan, the driver asked his passengers where they wanted to be dropped off.
He had singled one out using his Lonely Planet and found the description didn’t meet his expectation, it looked shabby and no movement of people, so he walked down the road and found a place with plenty of activity and its exterior looking neat and tidy.  Its gardens well maintained and someone with a friendly smile there to welcome him.  He was able to secure a room with air con for about $15US.  It was owned by a Yangon businesswoman who was there when Wil arrived and she welcomed Wil to her country.  Wil was aware any discussion with Burmese didn’t move into politics, for the government planted people throughout the community to ensure their authority isn’t undermined.  The lady suggested a horse and cart was the best way to get around and they could be found right outside the guesthouse.
There in the foyer was the California Girl, greetings, and she talked to Wil of places to visit, the horse carts, bicycles and the Irrawaddy, and she said she was departing the day after tomorrow.  They had dinner together, Wil paying the bill as Australians do, and tomorrow, the California Girl and he were to share a horse cart and its driver for the day visiting temples she hadn't already visited on a bicycle.
But the next day, the California Girl had other ideas.  She heard there was a fire across the river and a village was wiped out by a gas or oil pipeline explosion which ignited when people were tapping into it for fuel, or whatever.  She understood most of the village was destroyed in the blast and over 150 people had lost their lives. Wil’s California Girl said she worked in journalism in the US and would like to go to the village and write something about it, and possibly help if they could.
So Wil and the California Girl got their horse cart driver to take them to a wharf, he had a friend who had a boat for them and they got their way across a muddy Irrawaddy to a village, and from there, inquired about hiring a jeep or a motor bike to take them to the devastated village.  It was a trip they accomplished by holding onto the back of the owners of a couple of motor bikes as they weaved their way along the river shoreline to a single country dirt lane when they were stopped by police or military, and questioned.  They had their passports taken, cameras taken, and rucksacks searched.
The village area in question had been cut off from the outside world and news of the tragedy was to go no further than what was given out by the Government in a news column.
After an hour it turned into two, and the two men who had apprehended them had left to be replaced by uniformed officers of the Government who arrived in a jeep.  Wil and the California Girl were becoming concerned.
Wil became worried they were going to be taken away in the jeep, for the Officer with the peaked cap began to question them again, while his offsider searched through images on their cameras.  The Officer’s assistant made phone calls on his mobile phone, reading out passport details and after a long discussion, the Officer in the peaked cap coming to them and said three words, “You can go.”
Just three words, while the assistant handed Wil and the California Girl their cameras, but no passports.  Wil asked for their passports and the Officer came over to them, and smiled, saying nothing other than nodding to his assistant and he handing them their passports after checking them once again.  Wil had an adventure and he felt that the California Girl, she’d probably had more adventures like this one along the journey of her wanderings.
Back to the boat, back across the fast flowing, muddy Irrawaddy to Bagan and the horse cart, and clip clopping for a while to stop for some lunch at a restaurant, and Burmese cuisine.  Nothing more was said about their excursion other than Wil saying, “We could have been locked up.”
She replied, “They could have, but I'm American and the world media would force them to let us go.  They didn't want what happened over there to go anywhere else” and she was right.
They visited a number of temples that afternoon and weren’t able to go beyond the first level of some temples. They had been barricaded, but Wil admired the majesty of the temples physical presence, and the ones they went inside displaying incredible imagery through frescoes adorning the walls and ceilings, and of course, Buddha images.
The California Girl said, “Why don't you take a bicycle ride tomorrow and take your time.  Go off the bitumen onto dirt tracks which weave their way across the plain and visit temples few tourists get to.  Maybe you'll find in them what you're looking for.”
Next morning, the California Girl left by bus for Yangon before Wil had come to his senses before breakfast.  Wil missed her company for she was exciting, so much younger for any relationship, but she radiated an air of vitality and spirit which he missed.  She was exciting company with a sense of adventure not found in the dreariness of his past.  The sense of the unknown becoming known’s was something he had found with other backpackers who really saw what was happening in the places they visit.  Meeting with them suggested they potentially become the true ambassadors of their countries.
Wil had plenty of time as his trip had been replanned because of the typhoon so he decided to have a leisurely day with a horse and cart and let the driver take him to places they didn't visit yesterday, asking to driver to take him down tracks to visit temples which the driver felt were good and off the tourist track.  So there he was sitting on the back of the horse cart with its clip clop of a horse on the bitumen and Wil thinking it can't get much better than this, for he could look out from the cart and see on either side magnificent structures which seemed to fold away into the distance and each an individual, and representative of its time and place.  Each was affixed to the ground and the earth as a symbol of a past era which must have been abundant.
Wil had read that an earthquake had destroyed many of the temples not so long ago and the ones remaining are only a part of what were originally there.  Restoration seemed to be a continually ongoing thing and the money that he paid to enter the complex of temples, hopefully was contributing to their maintenance.
Bagan was the gift of Burma to the outside world.  The temples of Bagan to visit for a day or two, or for some, a week, yes, a month may be, and longer, but for what?
 
 
 
For there are so many temples, each different, so many landscapes, each different, so many perspective’s to view and experience Bagan.  To climb onto rooftops of some, to view vistas from entries and facades, from courtyards and from each one's interior noting and looking at the frescoes etched onto walls and ceilings, and located within each temple, a Buddha image.
Wil had given himself five days to wander around the temples of Bagan.  He only used three days and was glad to have a break from the temples and go to Mount Popa one morning with a couple from India and an American bloke with the most advanced Nikon camera he'd ever seen.  This bloke had to carry his camera up the hundreds of steps to the summit of the rock formation they called Popos and Wil was thinking how many images of Bagan had he taken and was surprised when the American said about 60!  Wil thought he would have taken 600 or more, but no, he got to the lookout at Mount Popa and settled on one scene, getting everything right while the rest of his group popped their cameras at anything.  And it became aware to Wil about then.  He felt abandoned by the temples of Bagan.
He had travelled across halfway across South-east Asia for this.  His quest for Bagan came in some parts from images he noticed in a book he borrowed from the library at Woopy and reading about its histories from the Lonely Planet.  Bagan was supposed to be he is Nirvana or spiritual awakening, but no, and all he's seemed to do was jot down negatives in his pocket sized notebook.
Sure Wil saw images of temples, plenty of them, visiting big ones like Ananda Pahto and That-byin-nyu and Shwe-zi-gon Paya Temples and insignificant ones found off dirt tracks, with their images of Buddha's ranging in size from centimetres too many metres, etchings and frescoes attached onto walls relaying stories of Kings and Buddha, those still present after the earthquakes and erosion of time.
The grandeur of Bagan is found by climbing to the top of a large temple and looking out over the plain, viewing hundreds of temples jotting their way out of the fields and trees, some or more in various states of repair or restoration and something of massive World Heritage value.  But not to be, for restoration had not followed preservation of history.  Basically, Bagan was partly in decay, partly in restoration of some sort, and partly restored to not resemble the original Buddha images that once sat in reverence with their surroundings.
Wil noted the spirits ‘had been disturbed’ in his notebook just like those at Inle and felt deflated.  There was something alien about the painting of the stupas and makeover of some Buddha images.  They didn't look real and not of the images that would have occupied these places upon construction.
Buddha images possibly replicas or replacements although the temples themselves fit into the landscape as something of antiquity.  Why did they have to install replica Buddha images and their gold and white, and place a plaque outside to complement the contributor for sponsoring the work?  Thinking, ‘gosh, I hope they restore some images and temples to exactly replicate what was present before the last Earthquake.’
Wil thought about Yang type spirits and these displacing Yin style spirits.  It was weird because he felt the Buddha images once would represent Yin and the temple itself Yang, and how modern mankind impacts were insensitive to the Yin and Yang alignments which once imaged the landscapes.  They were still there in the visual sense, but something of Yang asserting itself as restoration and tourism take hold.
The dejected Wil knew he wasn't going to find his spirit within Bagan.  No, and maybe if its spirit had opened up its imagery and drew him in, he would become drawn into the energy of the place he connected to, maybe intuitively, but not spiritually.  He wanted to understand the difference between a places Chi or Qi energy, and its spiritual energy.  Its Chi coming to Wil when its Yin and Yang are recognised in a spiritual way, and they responsive to each other, balanced, but maybe not, materialising in a special way as they respond to each other, in balance and harmony, but maybe not.
Chi seems to be a reasonable way of responding to energy, thought Wil, and accepting reactions to it.  It's not spiritual in the sense that the place invites us or wants us to be, yet some places evoke great spirituality in be within their presence, such as a Church or Cathedral!
There were other things about Bagan that worried Wil.  He felt ‘the place is the spirit and not the spirit being the place’, and it comes to join with him.  But if it's disturbed it may not, as he noticed with the tour groups, and their constant movement, flashing of cameras and the people talking.  To be one with a places spirits is a personal thing and they alone.  Connecting is a one on one thing.
A places history to Wil, influence connectedness to its spirits, for he felt a spiritual present after knowing something about the history or past about the temple he was in.  Its age and features, especially looking at and being within something 600 to 800 years since construction, but feeling fractured when the same place has a modern style or refurbished Buddha image, and it painted in its Gold with White surroundings.  The history for the spirits of that time has to remain as they were, and age and fracture naturally without mankind’s interference.  They shouldn’t be allowed to preserve their presence through restoration which gives away or removes something of their past.  Wil thinking, ‘should we allow such places to decay naturally, just to preserve their spirits?  Mankind has to tread so sensitively when dealing with the spirits of the past!’
He was also disappointed by the sounds of motorbikes; they were everywhere and no doubt something new to Bagan.  The silence of a place becomes broken by motorbikes more often than tourist coaches or the odd motorcar.  Sounds of horse’s hooves on the road or children playing somewhere seemed more natural, even within a disturbed place, and their presence seemed to naturalise it.
It is the ‘modern day intervention’ that is stuffing it up and dissimilating the spirits of Bagan?  The spirits he had travelled so long to find were taken from him by motorbikes, concrete fabrication, enamel paint and the inevitable plaque out the front.  Or maybe it's the tourist in their coaches or the rows of stalls Wil and visitors had to pass through, many things disturbing the original spirits, and where they those spirits today?  Maybe he had to come back at night and call to them.  They would be there in the shadows of time.  Some spirits are more comfortable with Yin.
Maybe his spirits were being tainted by an insensitive treatment and those in control not interested in them, or their feelings leaning more towards money and the energies it represents, all so foreign.
Yet back near his guesthouse Wil heard children across the road singing together, as they would in school, and the musical sounds coming to Wil as something ‘spiritual’.  He was aching for its presence so much.  But no, that music coming across to him seemed to be carried in the still air, and was spiritual and special and he connecting, at last.  But disintegrated when a blasted motorbike went past and stopped not far from where the children were singing and the energies of that place, altered once again; fleeting moments and just as Wil was ready to receive them.
Some remote temples Wil visited by bicycle on a very hot day were drawing him to them.  He walking across fields of corn and watermelons, or chickpeas or peanuts, or trying to clamber through the thorny shrubs and weeds and along broken edges to the fields which may once have been fenced by stone, along tracks and over puddles.  But getting there and finding majestic structures of stone and places of Buddha images untouched and present on walls and ceilings.  In pencil or colour, and images still present, and taking Wil’s attention from the one Buddha image which had been set into place and painted in its Gold with White surroundings.
He has learnt to look pass them and seek small things which have weaved their way past the test of time and manoeuvred past that of restoration or repair, especially after the 1973 earthquake so damaging and destructive to the energies and spirits of Bagan.  For Wil was able to view images as they would have been sketched and painted onto walls and ceilings, right back into time, to the days of their construction.  Those spirits had their place.
Fleetingly, Wil thought he was called to Burma by something unfulfilled in Australia.  Maybe it was those haunting photographs of spiritual places he had observed in a library book where the first spiritual energy of each photograph came out of the page and beckoned, ‘come and see me.’
He needed to see them ‘in the flesh’, and craved for spiritual enlightenment of some kind, but it and when it, unknown.  Feeling the power of a spirit is immense and fulfilling, but how to reach for it, is unknown.
Maybe Wil’s disappointment lay with the feeling, Bagan was leaving its past and its future was being tied to the tourist dollar.  ‘Mister Money’, the kids would say to Wil.  Bagan has become a tourist mecca for Burma and people needing it to be for their livelihood.  Maybe the lure for money is frightening the spirits and replacing them with ones who attach themselves to a US dollar.  Bagan’s energy is slowly being hacked away and another energy proliferating on the back of modern day mankind.
His spirit isn't in Bagan.  It has to be found in places undisturbed and away from the insensitivity of mankind.  People elsewhere don't get a paintbrush and paint something such as St Andrews Cathedral in Sydney in enamel blue or gold or white when its majesty and mystery is presented through its history on display, its architecture and physical presence to call on God to share it with all within.  Wil’s spirit is in places where that place is at peace with itself.
Not feeling a spiritual release in Bagan has left Wil deflated with a touch of the miseries.  He had one more place to visit in Burma and that is Myauk U.  Hopefully he can get there safely and find the spiritual power of the temples and their landscapes untouched or unhindered by modern mankind’s Gold and White Enamel paint.
Bagan’s parents and their children now have their motorbikes and mobile phones.  They have a television to look at and a refrigerator to keep their food fresh and cool; their lives now drawn by a need for money and work to get the money.
They don't have time for spirits and as such over time, their connections to the temples of Bagan are likely to wane and cease all together.  They have no reason to remain close to the land and the Earth, and as such, protect the original and authentic spirits of Bagan.
Fat chance anyway, when restoration and commercialisation are changing the face of the temples, and the Burmese Government applying conditions and restrictions to suit themselves or suit those willing to pay more, when visiting them.
Maybe Bagan will become something like Angkor in Cambodia with its modern airport and strings of 4 to 5 star hotels springing up to cater for tourist groups who fly in and fly out in one or two days!
Are the original spirits of the temples of Bagan still there?  Are they being swept away over the centuries by looters, earthquakes, the wear and tear of climate, and the like?
They are changing quickly for the worse as more people come to view them.  Are they restless spirits within awaiting some future for a rebirth and time where their original purpose is once again restored?  And Wil thinking, the temples were built with great care by those who built them for their spiritual pathway in a time when civilisations believed in spirits, and connectedness to them was one for salvation, and host to guide them into their next life.
Bagan had some moments.  He got the horse cart driver to pull over on the first day with the California Girl to watch a man plough a paddock using a wooden fork with three prongs attached to a wooden shaft, and it was cutting a deep furrow between rows of peanuts, and the plough was being pulled by a water buffalo.  The man was scarifying the peanuts and Wil was watching the technology of a time when possibly the surrounding temples were being visited by those who built them, and a temple located beside a field with the peanuts cultivated as it would have, centuries ago.
The refurbishment of Buddha images to Wil was creating disturbance to the temples and taking the spiritual awakening of Wil’s visit away from him.  Does disturbance to a natural place or places of historical and spiritual significance, dissect man from nature?  Wil thinks it does, expressing mankind's insensitivity to what has past.
Back at his hotel and after a whiskey or two he is aware of children singing and at play.  Yes, the same children he heard yesterday.  They evoke a special energy, sounds to evoke a spirit, unique and different.  The teacher now talking and the sounds stop, the spirit has departed.  Then again they talk and sing and the spiritual energy surging back to Wil.
Those voices carrying their energy to him and him alone with those sounds and feeling spiritually charged as he wasn't with the temples.  Spirits come to you in sounds and that alone is a spirit or energy of that place.  For it was the children singing with each other, with their young high-pitched voices and those voices carrying in the late afternoon sun; their sounds giving meaning to that place.

Walking towards them, trees arching over a dirt road, weeds and garbage strewn everywhere, broken fences and gates, and leading to a building, where the children played.
A shabby wooden plank building, no windows, rusted corrugated roof, veranda on one side and the children inside, and as Wil approached, the singing stopped and was heard no more.
Next morning before hitting the dusty dirt roads on his rented bicycle, Wil went outside to the road and listened to the sounds of birds calling in the fresh and pure morning air.  Behind the sounds was the chanting of a monk in a temple and his chanting seemed to be calling to Wil, then pop music started to erupt into the morning air from somewhere else.  The three sounds were competing with each other and cancelling the energy of one to become a juxtaposition of sounds and disturbing the spiritual charge emulating from that place.
Later on in the morning, Wil found himself walking across a field on a hot and humid day, leaving a dusty lane and determined to reach a temple complex he had seen in the distance.  He was determined to reach it and hopefully find some untainted Buddha images.  But he was disappointed, for the images he saw were painted in their gold within white surrounds.
The temples were about 1000 years since construction and still intact in their stone and brick.  Wil was seeking a place untainted by modern man and feeling dejected for those who carried out this work, ambushing the spirits of the time the temple was used by those seeking a spiritual connection.
It’s not Wil’s spirit being projected, but images of workmen with paintbrush in hand, and other energies arising from the images were those of a different kind, and not the one’s Wil desperately was seeking.
Wil finished his walk in this field visiting those three temples.  He felt that, ‘the spirit has been disturbed’, and this phrase wanting to stay with him.
Why couldn't they just have thought about their impact before covering or replacing a Buddha image with its white and gold enamel paint?  If it was the original image being painted over, that made it more a sacrament to the craftsmanship that fostered the original image.
Wil was hoping for a greater spiritual uplifting and being alone in the field with images of those temples standing as they have for about 1000 years.  Why couldn't they offer that something he was so desperately seeking?
There's sanctuary in a place when it spirits remain undisturbed, stillness and spirits waiting for those who respect them and want to connect with them.
Leaving those two temples and pedalling his bicycle further onto the Bagan Plain as the sun rose higher in the sky, Wil noticed a couple of large temples from a distance and isolated by fields of corn, melons and peanuts.  Wil riding his bicycle so far then walking along tracks, across fields of peanuts with an expectation he was going to find temples that were untouched.  Upon reaching the two, he found they were intact with incredible etchings set upon the walls and some ceilings of the corridors and vestibule, and within the vestibule, a Buddha, each one present in its new-found gold paint.  A plaque also present outside no doubt indicating who contributed to the temples restoration.
The temples were not damaged by the 1973 earthquake and could only be visited by crossing fields.  He was a foreigner visiting a temple few foreigners had and felt pretty chuffed about it all, and as he walked back across a melon patch, he grabbed a watermelon and broke it on a rock, eating one half of its contents with the juice running down his shirt.  He felt guilty about taking someone's livelihood, but found no one to offer some money.
Wil recalled visiting a grouping of three temples on that long day on his bicycle and entry was by a key master, something different to solitary smaller temples dotted over the Bagan Plain.  Some temples must have been more important and they were cared for by a key master.  A Burmese man and family living within the grounds of the temple group, and paid by the Government to act as caretakers and care for the temples and their surroundings.  For a small donation, the key master would use their key to unlock each temples entry.
The key master opened up each temple for Wil and handed him a torch, something he never had, then led Wil to view murals and frescoes and etchings and paintings of stories set upon these walls at the time of construction.
Wil was not interested in the gold restored Buddha's therein, but within passageways and recessed arches were etchings of the most fantastic quality and perfection in their execution.  Within one such archway, its walls and ceilings were completely covered by hundreds of miniature Buddha pencil drawings, exactly the same size and shape and displaying a seated Buddha with the same expression on each face.  This vista was one of Wil’s highlights to Bagan and found by a bicycle prepared to leave the bitumen!
One other temple that Wil remembered visiting was close to the Dhamma-yan-gyi-Pahto, and its many tourist coaches, and Wil saw a smaller temple’s tower from the fields as he pedalled along a path of muddy holes winding its way across the Bagan Plain.  Wil left the pathway and worked his bicycle towards the temple noticing a man stripped to his waist drawing water up using a rope with bucket from a stone lined well.  He had few teeth, but a great smile and gestured for Wil to wait outside his temple.  Its doors barred by steel grilles and the man came up to Wil still in his briefs with his toothless smile then showed Wil his prize, a huge solitary key.  The man was the key master to the temple and using the key, unlocked the padlocks and parted the steel doors.
Wil had the opportunity to view a magnificent temple of corridors feeding along each side, no Buddha images or ancient frescoes adorning walls to be seen other than the one the key master shone his torch upon.  Wil was interested to know what lay within the centre of the temple and wasn’t sure how he could find an opening.  Maybe a Buddha image was held within.
It was a temple of three levels plus a roof viewing area and reaching each level was by a narrow dark and winding cramped stairway.  The same stairways used by the monks who used this temple for prayer, centuries before, and reached after walking from their nearby monastery, or what remained of it.
Wil was being guided by torchlight held by the key master in black briefs with the toothless smile.  Wil wasn't worried about the man too much, but he was getting unashamedly friendly and as they reached the summit, the key master stretched himself out on a slab of stone and sunned himself, beckoning Wil to lie down beside him.  Wil was being put on by a toothless man in a temple built about 700 years ago.  Wil politely suggested by touching his watch, it was time to go, then the man came over to the edge and gestured to his wife and pointing to her and back to Wil using a circle made from thumb and forefinger and poking another finger through the opening.  He was offering Wil, his wife.
Wil couldn't get out of that temple quick enough which was a pity for the views of the Bagan plain were extraordinary.  He gave the man probably too much money and some Lychee fruit he had in his shoulder bag.  Before Wil left he took some photos of the man and his wife because the man wanted desperately for him to do so.  And so there was Wil, standing with his camera as the man in his briefs and toothless smile held an arm over his wife's shoulder, and looking in pure innocence to what he may have offered to Wil a few minutes before.
Wil went on and visited the Dhamma-yan-gyi Pahto Temple with its many levels while the air-conditioned coaches parked in a row, still humming to keep their interiors cool.  Motorbikes strewn around and some motorcars and stallholders, and each store holder offering an amazing range of Buddha replicas and crafts of the area, but also artist’s drawings and paintings of Bagan scenes he recognised.  Wil was amazed after walking past them to enter the lower floor of the temple and view the grandeur of this complex, and once inside, the visual dimension of the four Buddha images, each one set in place on each of the four sides so its viewers could walk past and beneath them.
Paradoxes and paradoxes and conflicts between past and present, and after leaving the temple and its surrounds, Wil pedalled his bicycle skirting around the muddy potholes and onto the divided bitumen roadway, leading back into town and his hotel.  Only one problem, a tourist coach dodging the water filled potholes forced Wil off the track onto some grass, and no doubt, an Acacia thorn waiting to puncture his rear tyre.  No other choice or option, but to push the bike the two or three miles back into town in the fading afternoon sun.
In hindsight there were many side adventures during his time in Bagan, but Wil didn't find his Nirvana here, yet enjoyed the Burmese people, good food, clean and comfortable rooms, plenty of stalls and shops for buying local crafts, and the beer was pleasant.  The Bagan landscapes in themselves are definitely worth the trip.
“I can get you a flight to Yangon tomorrow, 10 o'clock using Yangon Airways,” said the receptionist at his hotel, and like most places in Burma or elsewhere, the front desk could get you about anything.
“Oh” said Wil, thinking he had had enough of Bagan and have a couple of days in Yangon before Mrauk U.  Reading his Lonely Planet he decided he wanted to go down to Yangon’s waterfront and cross a river in a ferry then catch a public bus to Twante and its ancient pottery kilns, looking forward to just get into rural countryside again on a public bus with Burmese people.
Wil’s last adventure in Bagan before he caught his air flight was to hire a horse-drawn cart to take him up to the Bagan Golf Club to pick up a golf score card for a mate back at Woopy.  A bloke who collects golf cards from all over the world and Wil feeling chuffed, surely he wouldn’t have one from Bagan!
The card was no problem and at the professional shop, Wil got talking to a neatly dressed young Burmese man who had the most expensive golf clubs, neatly attired clothes, new golf balls and asking Wil if he wanted a hit of golf.
“I have a golf cart” said the man, “And don't worry about fees or clubs, I am a member here and you're my guest.”
Wil and the young man played nine holes at The Bagan Golf Course that afternoon.  Wil had to make an excuse to leave the man so he could dash up to his man on the horse cart still waiting outside the club's grounds and made an excuse to dismiss him, which Wil did.
His new-found friend found shoes for Wil, gave him new golf balls and use of a caddy who would accompany each of them to find balls, clean their clubs and whatever.  Cool drinks were stacked into the golf cart and Wil was puzzled how a young man can afford all this.
At the end of the game the man drove Wil back to his hotel and invited him to dinner at a restaurant, ironically the same one that Wil had found by chance, and it was the best on offer for the quality of its food in the town.
Wil was seated with a beer and his diner companion arrived in a brand-new four-wheel drive Toyota Prado Land Cruiser and accompanying him was a girl and two men.  The man motioned to his companions to sit at an adjoining table leaving Wil with the man.  He paying no attention to the two men and girl, but every now and then, the man asked the girl to come over with a notebook when he was making and receiving constant mobile phone calls using two phones.  He was issuing instructions into the two phones and the girl was taking down notes.
What he was saying was unknown to Wil because they were speaking in Burmese.  The two men were minders and had no part of the dinner, but there to accompany the man and possibly ensure that no harm came to him.  Wil’s interest was in the girl, for she carried a ledger book and put figures given to her by the young man into columns within the book.
Wil generously thanked his host for sharing their meal and invited the man if he was coming to Australia to stay with him, giving him his e-mail address.  Wil was still perplexed by the wealth and influence of someone so young and so visibly different to all other people he had met or seen in Burma.
It wasn't until Wil was speaking to a taxi driver on the way from Yangon Airport to Motherland Inn 2 when the pin dropped.  The taxi driver said, “Your friend a very dangerous person, very powerful.  What he says go.  You've very lucky.”
He said, “He could have had you killed or locked away and no one would ever know.”  Wil to this day had no idea what the young man did to make his money and wondered whether it had anything to do with the Government.
Back in Yangon and another typhoon was coming across Burma from the Bay of Bengal passing over Mrauk U and Sittwe, its airport closed and departure dates to Sittwe have been cancelled.
“A few days, maybe a week, I don't know,” said the manageress of Motherland Inn 2.  “You're unlucky.”
“What shall I do,” said Wil.  “Do you have any suggestions?”
“You could wait until the airport is open again, but maybe the boat to Mrauk U will be cancelled if the sea is too dangerous.”
“How much time do you have?” said the lady, and Wil thought he had a week because he wanted a few days in Bangkok before his flight back to Australia.
“Do you want to stay and wait?  Maybe you will get there and get back in time for your flight home or you could miss your flight altogether if they decide to cancel the boat to and from Mrauk U.”
With no hesitation, he thanked her for her advice and said, “Cancel my ticket to Sittwe, and can you get me a ticket to Bangkok?”
“I'm sorry for you.  Maybe Mrauk U another time.”
“Another time”, said Wil with now a polished smile and the manageress was on the telephone and nodding, “Bangkok, today at 2 PM.”
Wil’s trip to Burma over and Bangkok and what to do for 10 days before his flight back to Australia.  Does he go to Laos again or Cambodia, maybe to Chang Mai, but no, he felt dejected and lonely and immediately after getting back to the Rambuttri Village Plaza Inn, he wandered around the corner into Khao san Road and asked the friendly and efficient Thai travel agent to rearrange his flight back to Australia and book him a return in a few days, if possible.
“No problem, my friend.  Thai airline has got very good relationships with me and not too much money for you to change.  Leave it with me.  Maybe just a little bit of money.”
Second Conversation
So to be and back in Australia once more, a week shorter than he wanted, but glad to be back home to his relocatable, its chair and table and sounds of the sea, looking to the beach in front of him, able to say good day to his friends in the caravan park, a cold xxxxGold beer, and a mobile phone call to Sally and Simon.  Happy to have done it, for he had a taste for Asia and the East and in some way was crossing over.
Crossing over, not in crossing over in the gay sense; h wasn't coming out of the closet and moving towards homosexuality.  No, Wil was crossing over to an understanding of Chi, Yin and Yang, Feng Shui in the garden and landscape.  He was crossing over towards something of Zen, Taoism and Buddhism.
Wil was becoming exposed to a package of philosophies and beliefs from another world as compared to traditional Australian landscape architectural practice, the Christian Church and Australian life itself.
An old Wil was dying or being laid to rest and a new Wil surfacing.  He would now be able to enjoy something about the messages in the prayer book given to him by the Guru of the Sikh Temple at Woolgoolga.
For Wil had joined a small group on a Monday night at 6 PM for a chant and sit quietly listening to the Guru give a lesson.  Able to listen to music and song, and feeling the Sikh religion is closer to moderation and equality than he had presumed.  It’s origins like Buddhism being linked to Northern India and a belief in karma, truth, freedom, and justice to guide them through life.  The Sikhs of Woopy seem mild tempered, balanced and in harmony with their lives.
Sikhism appears as something different to Christianity and Zionism as he understood, and not aligned in any way to the teachings of Mohammed as to the Muslim faith.
Religion from whatever background wanting to follow a gentle pathway towards love and goodwill or gentleness and support for others of the faith, of harmony, and spirits of religion so present to be part of their journeys, spirits manifested through the mind do except the teachings of a faith, and the spirits follow.
Another stubby of XxxxGold beer, Wil was back in Australia and loving it.
‘I need a woman’ thought Wil, ‘to make my life complete’, but that one seemed to be evading him or he wasn't ready for the risks connected to what that partakes.
‘Pam, where are you?’ Accepting her presence was no longer there or if she had returned, it was when he was overseas.
Now he had a thirst for travel, where to next.  One thought had been bothering him.  He has always wanted to go to Borneo to see the Orang-utan, and the jungles before they disappeared under palm oil plantations.  Going to Sandakan in Sabah to the camp where Australians and British servicemen were forcibly marched into the jungles as the Allied armies prepared to retake the island towards the end of the Second World War, and all but six Australians survived out of the 2700 prisoners of war interned after the fall of Singapore.  The death marches along with those who perished within the camp realised Australia’s greatest loss in a war happening.  Wanton destruction of good men caught up in something they had no choice to be within, other than becoming enslaved to a military regime whose respect for people’s lives was missing.
Not a long visit, maybe a few days will do.
But somewhere else was beckoning, Sri Lanka and only because he had read of its history as Ceylon, its natural botanical wealth and beauty, and Sri Lankan people in their Buddhist ways, touched by its closeness to India , still trying to comes to terms over their conflict with the Tamil.
That type of reasoning is okay, as the gardens of Sri Lanka including works and designs of Geoffrey Bawa, a hero of Wil’s from architectural days, and Bawa’s philosophy to design with nature; his works in Sri Lanka became a must to be seen.
No, the reason Wil chose to go to Sri Lanka as his next overseas trip was related to a comment from a fellow traveller in Bagan who was responding to Wil about the restoration of the temples mentioned in Sri Lanka.  He mentioned there are two ancient sites to rival anything Bagan can offer and that of Angkor, and these two places just sit there in the jungle, the same as they once were, other than decay and looting.  The temples still able to project images back to the days of the Kings who constructed and maintained them, including care of the hundreds of monks who resided within, and the responsibility or devotion of Kings to provide places for monks so they could meditate and give homage to Buddha.
Wil thought, ‘You have got to see those cities, now the war had about ended.  For the Chinese or Americans will pour money into Sri Lanka and along with them will come hordes of tourists.  Tourists possibly will one day stuff both cities, so get there, Wil, before they do.  When to go?  It's too hot over there now, better wait until March or May and find time to go to Borneo on the way. You beaut, another trip!’ and he thought he'd do so via Air Asia out of the Gold Coast.  They offer cheap flight deals and if he checked their website regularly on the internet, he may come across an offer that suited him.
There was a promo deal on offer first time he looked.  Wil typed in some dates.  Three weeks should be enough for Sri Lanka, and a flight was his to and from Kuala Lumpur to Colombo for just over 100 Australian dollars.
He'll tie in Borneo via Kota Kinabalu which is part of Malaysia, and Air Asia has more than one flight daily.  No problems there and he’d do the Koto Kinabulu part of the purchase later.
Next week and Tuesday came around and at 2 PM Wil walked up the road from his caravan park and into the therapy centre John worked at.  He poked his head in the door to see if John was there, and there he was, standing there making an herbal tea.
“Come in, my friend and share a tea with me.  This one I make out of celery extracts.  I brew it myself.  It will restore your enzymes and breakdown unessential fats, and better still, good for the 'wee-wee' tract, a purifier and cleanser.”
Wil not surprised by John’s medical genius, and like all who visit him, attest to his infinite power of logic and depth of articulated knowledge.
John is the perfect illustration of perfect living, the ‘real McCoy’.  John was on a different level than Wil and the average person, and Wil was grateful for all the interest and courtesy John gave to him, and felt that he shows it universally to all.
A bloke whose diet is in balance, exercise primed to perfection, mind trained and clear, skin undisturbed and tanned for someone half his age, eyes clear and bright, and movements that glide him silently and effortlessly across a room.
John was a touch man and always placing a hand on Wil’s shoulder or knee and Wil wondered if he’s gay or straight, not game to ask him if he has a partner or wife.  But not caring or threatened by it at all.
“How is your journey, Wil?” said John.  “Is it taking you along its pathway or you’re not finding it?  Is it opening up new doors, you never thought would open?  Are you seeing the energies of each place?  Are you experiencing the spirits of each place?”
Wil had no answer to any of these questions, instead he just nodded and smiled “Yes, John, I am.”
They chatted about travel and landscapes, about energies Wil had never thought of before, about books Wil had to get and read, and places for Wil to visit.  Wil cursed himself because he had not brought with him a pad and pencil to jot down the things John was saying.
“You have to get inside a place, Wil, just you and that place, alone.  It won’t come to you otherwise.  Travel alone Wil, and you will see.  Travel with someone else and you could be blind.  If you find someone who can share the spirits of a place with you, that person is very special and needs your protection.  The spirit of a place waits for you to join with it; it doesn’t come out and wave a flag or something.  It’s always there, but tucked away somewhere in the shadows, the winds, the filtering light, the sounds and smells, the movements and the shapes of things.”
John continued his sermon, “Spirits follow the light of the sun or the moon, the temperature upon our skin, and there are eight signals for you to attach with, they help to make up the energies and spirits of a place.”
Wil responded. “You said shadows and movement, temperatures or ambience of climate on our skin, colours and shapes, smells and, what’s the other?”
“Light, Wil, the reflection from shadows, but you missed another, sounds.  Sounds carry the energies and spirits of a place, as does light and shadows, colour and shapes, smells and movement and climate or its ambience to us.  You won’t go wrong with the eight.  They govern the energies relationships have with each other, their Prana, or Qi, or Chi.  I call it Qi as the Chinese do.  The eight respond to the Yin and Yang of a place, and all the things that make up a place.  They relate, oscillate and harmonise with each other.  A place is a collection of energies.”
“The perfect place on earth Wil, is a place where the eight are in harmony and their energies align, and the spirits of that place… content.  There’s something else.  If you go on another trip overseas, travel close to the earth, travel with its people and become sure you can smell the landscapes as much as possible.  I find public buses the best.  They physically connect you with the people.  Look out of the windows so you can experience the changing ways of the land and get a feeling of how those that live with the land, do so.  You will notice they do it simply, because they haven’t the means to do otherwise.  Make your next trip, a trip with the people.”
Walking out of the centre back into the mid afternoon sun and thinking, another visit to see John and another lesson in life, and Wil thought, ‘why didn't I have a tape recorder?  How can I possibly remember all he said?’
‘The eight, I thought about them before and I’ll remember them.  I'm going to apply them to landscape architecture.  Maybe they’ll become my contribution to the profession, and I’ll be asked to speak to fellow landscape architects; dreaming, but some light up ahead which is beckoning.  I wonder what other landscape design tricks I can find and master.’
Sunday, and a leisurely day for residents of his caravan park, just like any day for those retirees, for most days are leisurely.  ‘Work’ was going to the shops or doctor and visiting doctors becomes a common denominator for elderly people.
Wil had in mind something similar for that Sunday.  He'd take to an early morning walk on the beach, followed by a quick dip into the surf; then some breakfast, yogurt, fruit juice, and pieces of fruit being placed in a bowl, enjoyed with a toasted slice of whole-grain bread; being on a real health kick.
No real reason to be on one for Wil was never overweight.  He stood about 170 cm or five foot eight in height, medium weight, about 80 kg, and no health defects of any sort, hair greying, but not too much.  No balding patch and his legs average, not too thin or stocky.  He was average to a tee, but healthier than most of either sex or age.
No real reason to be so bent on ‘good health’ fads. 
He had his eye on the lady who worked in the real estate agency and made excuses to drop in and ask if she had anyone who wanted landscaped drawings.  She put Wil onto a few in Coffs Harbour, but Wil hadn't picked up the phone to reach them as yet.
Instead on that Sunday is decided to go on his own up the coast about 20 km to Red Rock and have some fish and chips.  He heard about a walking track around a point of land jutting into the creek and said to be a good fishing spot.  Wil had no gear or willingness to fish, so he set out on it just for a walk.
He knew of the Red Rock Aboriginal massacre where it was suggested, white people on horseback herded a group of Aboriginals including women and children to the edge of a cliff face at the entrance to Red Rock Creek, and forced them off the edge; they drowned or were left to die on the rocks below.
The event was significant in the region’s history and also significant to the Australian Indigenous Aboriginal and present-day members of the community.  Also significant was a sacred place located on a small hill just north of Red Rock and adjacent to the creek and beach.  The area had a strong spiritual power and was avoided.
Wil came to a place on the walk and stopped.  It was giving him a strange feeling.  A mixture of light and shadow, sounds and smells, shapes, and forms of the trees, and edging to the creek, and stillness.
He could feel the presence of people who used this exact place and felt them to be the Indigenous Aboriginals of Red Rock who most likely moved along the creek edge where he was standing.  He wondered if it was because he knew about their presence and history at Red Rock.  And that knowing, entering and preparing his mind for this image of creation or was it deeper than that?
Since that day and in Wil's mind, he could instantly picture in great detail that place, each tree, their shape, the creek edge, and the mixture of light and shadow cast by an early afternoon sun, and decided ‘I'm going to test it.’
He returned with his son Simon the following week, the pair of them walked the track and Wil not able to feel anything or even remember its exact location, maybe because he had mentioned his spiritual ‘happening’ to Simon before they walked the track.  Simon said nothing of it.
Bagan was coming back and Wil’s felt that connectedness runs deeply with nature and its surroundings, and connectedness comes through the mind and being alone so the mind can connect deeply with that place.
A single thing, solitary and selfish, because it cannot be shared or become willing to be shared, yet unique, and leaving a longing to experience the feeling again.
During Simon’s visit, he took Simon along a beach north of the small village of Corindi and walked across the sand dunes to a place where they crossed a small fresh water inlet which opens to the sea following heavy rain, and over the creek let, a wooden bridge constructed by local Aboriginals, then moving along an elevated pathway also constructed by Aboriginal people who lived within the adjoining reserve.  The area was another deep place of connectivity.
Simon and Wil walked the elevated walking pathway toward a track which led across some playing fields and back to the road where they had parked their car, which they did and in doing so, they walked past an ageing Melaleuca.  Wil thinking, did this tree witness times before European settlement and people using the land naturally?  The creek providing food for those people and food sourced from the swamps and small lake located somewhere up that creek let.  Wil knowing those people would have moved past the inlet onto large areas of rock shelf jutting into the ocean and collecting the marine life from under its surface; another home to a wide range of foods.

Wil instinctively realised this was a place of abundance for Indigenous Aboriginal people and they would want for no more.  It was their home and place of spirits known to only them; deep connections forged over centuries of occupation and connectedness to the rawness of what nature provides.
He thought he'd come back one day on his own and see whether that gnarled and aged Melaleuca paperbark would give him a spiritual ‘connection’.
The kids came down to his relocatable that Christmas.  Betty and her boss-come-boyfriend (or whatever), were off to Fiji or somewhere on an ocean cruise, a Christmas cruise with friends of theirs from work.
Wil spoiled his two children tremendously.  They enjoyed winning meat trays at the RSL club and betting on the TAB, betting on the races with the blokes and their wives from the park, drinking beer and wine on his extended veranda, swimming, going to the movies at the old Sawtell Theatre, morning coffee at the restaurants of Woopy or just lounging around.
Simon and Sally went home for New Year's Eve and expectedly so, for Woopy too bloody boring, and making out with the locals hard to break into.
Wil was on his own, no Pam this time to invite him to their annual dig, just the park blokes and their wives, the campers who now wanted to get in on the New Year dig, and Wil being left with a sense of glum emptiness.  He needed someone in his life and this spiritual thing was getting him down.  He thought about abandoning Sri Lanka and spending the New Year and January looking for a job, to meet people, and hopefully another woman.
A blonde lady from Sydney was staying with her sister in a cabin in the park and Wil was instantly attracted to her looks, figure and friendly face.  The lady was going through a messy divorce and not interested in another man, at least not yet, and he had his mates and their wives doing their bit to line him up with her.
“Anyone will do”, said one bloke, “They're all the same when the lights are off, and you can trust me...  I’ve the experience.”
Maybe, but it wasn’t enough for Wil to lie to some woman just to get her into bed.  He had never been unfaithful to Betty, and abjectly realised, he'd only known two women, Betty and Pam.
Wil thought about taking it up with Judy, a widow who lives in the park just down from his place.  She's a good mate of his neighbour who comes around regularly for a drink or some coffee.  Wil had looked at her from a distance and thought about her becoming a companion, but couldn't bring himself to do it and find out if he could.
He was still a coward when it comes to a woman and any emotional hurdle.
He was a man with the best of them, but a ‘wuss’; a woman in a man’s clothes, and of a weaker nature when it comes to have balls to fight for something or stand up to anyone. He was a wuss.
That South Korean lady he met at the Laos, Cambodia border had more balls than he.  She would eat him in a conference room, and he knew why he practised alone in Toowong; he wasn't a team person or a leader.  Wil was a follower, introverted, a dreamer; classical qualities to be good at landscape architecture for he could visualise the end product and was sympathetic with the land, upon which the landscape sat upon.
He was sensitive to the client's needs and felt he was like a preacher, trying to marry his clients to their land, guiding them rather than demanding, hesitating and retreating when confronted by someone of a stronger will to his.
But Wil had moved on from many of these weaknesses realising something very important to know about oneself.  They weren’t weaknesses at all, they were strengths.  He was unique; his qualities are unique and precious for he had the art of creation and emotion at his fingertips.  He was developing compassion, a rare gift.  He was connecting to nature and her spirits, and that's a gift so rare, for he could live in the true meaning of it.
It’s simplistic and that of giving or caring.  But at his stage in his life, his love for someone else shielded by fear of commitment, he instead directed his emotions to that of nature, the birds in the trees, flowers and plants, animals on the ground, and the joys of being present within the wonderland of creation.
Wil was ready for Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka
There are no frills with Air Asia, that's for sure.  You pay for a seat and everything else is an add-on.  That was okay and it still added up to being cheap.  The flight to and from Australia was about $600, and at that price, he could afford to travel.
Wil wanted to go to Kandy as his first destination and left the airport to stay overnight at Negombo, located about twenty minutes by Tut Tut from the airport and on the country’s west coast.  The hotel he selected was run by a very strong Roman Catholic, and the area an image to something of Sri Lanka’s past.  Portuguese occupation, then the Dutch followed by the British, but the Portuguese brought with them Christianity and the Roman Catholic Church.  Although, there was something hypocritical about the hotel owner, maybe a blind eye, because some European men were staying at the Hotel and hosting Sri Lankan boys, no doubt lured there for sex.
It was a good time for Wil to be in Negombo because that evening, a Sunday street procession was underway when Wil wandered outside his hotel looking for somewhere to eat.  He got caught up with locals with their banners and fireworks parading their way towards the Catholic Church not far from Wil’s hotel.  By chance Wil took his camera with him and captured some good shots of the procession and its people with their colourful clothes and banners, including lanterns attached to every power pole to light the way.
A ceremony within the Church grounds followed and the priests were asking God to protect the fishermen and their harvest, a beautiful reason for a festival.  Ironically it is from this village area that boat smugglers operate out of, to transport refugees in leaky boats to faraway Australia, a different type of fishing and harvest.
The procession and ceremony was impressive to someone like Wil who was caught up with the masses of people listening to the priest give prayers, a choir singing hymns and songs that resonated from the walls of the Church into the gathering.  Wil captivated by it all took some more photographs, was pleased to be amongst the villagers, and pleased they seemed to be happy he was amongst them.  It was a good way to start a visit to Sri Lanka.
Next day he took a public bus to the township of Polgahawela to get the Kandy rail connection.  Wil got off the bus not knowing where he was and luckily he was pointed towards the direction of the rail station.  Boarding a train; it old and antiquated, but it kept on the rails and the countryside he travelled through was breathtakingly bountiful and beautiful.  Sri Lanka is a country to visit for its bountifulness and tranquil scenery of coconut palms and rice paddies, and quaint houses scattered along its roads and into the fields.  They sketch a background as the train passed through small villages with huts and cottages scattered willy-nilly across the narrow plains and valleys.  It looked so green and settled, a cascade of scenery he had not seen before.
The train arrived in Kandy after it placidly wound its way from the coastal plain.  Wil left the rail station and using his Lonely Planet for guidance, he gestured to a Tut Tut driver for his best and lowest price to deliver him to the guesthouse he marked with a line underneath the heading, the Mc Leod Inn.  A guesthouse set high on a steep hill and upon arrival, the owner and his wife suggested Wil take a room overlooking Kandy; it’s Lake, misty mountain ranges, the city centre and place of the Sacred Buddha Tooth.  A place of extraordinary beauty taken in by sitting on the veranda of the guesthouse looking down towards the city centre, the lake, parkland and temple complex.  All cloaked in a greenish shroud, sometimes broken by misty rain which seemed quite common in Kandy.  It was these mixtures of beauty and movement that invoked upon Wil, ‘this is a special place’.
Wil took some photos of this unfolding scene then asked the owner of the guesthouse to get a Tut Tut so he could go down the hill into the city, to walk around its peaceful parks surrounding the lake, have a long awaited meal in the city somewhere, then return back to his hotel.  Taking more photos from the room that evening he then sat back to enjoy a scotch whiskey, gaze at the scenery once more and look through the photographic images upon his digital camera, but at the time, unaware the little blobs on each image of the procession at Negombo were ‘orbs’ and represented the spiritual energy emulating from the people and the surroundings that made up that place at that time.
Next day, Wil awoke to Kandy scenery thinking he could happily just stay here, but no, he had to keep going and asked his Tut Tut driver to take him to a bus station so he could catch a long bus ride to the ancient city of Anuradhapura.  As the bus left the mountainous region of Kandy, the countryside slowly changed from its richness of colour, beauty and productivity, to drier regions and stunted trees.
Arriving at Anuradhapura he found a hotel, a newish hotel, a bit off the road and empty.  A strange hotel and Wil found he was its only customer.  After inquiring why he was the only one there he was informed the place was built to serve Sri Lankan soldiers with prostitutes while they conducted war against the Tamil, a paradox in this strange, unique and complex land.
Next day was spent via a Tut Tut visiting the ancient city of Anuradhapura.  There to be tempted by more than 2000 years in various stages of preservation, huge structures and stupas rising from the dusty plains, their visual entity ancient and serene, the cities relicts also silent monuments to history and that of King's and kingdoms, Buddhism, and repeated invasions over the centuries from southern India.
 

The complexes also provided monasteries for up to 500 monks who commanded the city, and Kings ironically becoming their servants having to provide for their daily needs.
Visiting the northern ruins on an extremely hot morning, Wil noticed places for elephants to bath and elaborate bathhouses for monks to bathe in.  Ritualised in customs including long troughs set on cobbles and paved stone where monks were fed, ladling from the trough whatever was prepared for them, these reminders there for Wil to look at and ponder what a magnificent past this place must have produced.
He was alone, extraordinarily so, for there were no other tourists to be seen or found, and he is not sure if they were in this ancient city at all.  Something hard to understand considering the history and grandeur of the city, but maybe it was because the war with the Tamil was drawing to a close and tourists had yet to come to this place.  Wil found himself alone with the spirits and the aroma of mystery which seemed to come from the ground rising up from the earth; unknowns for his driver had a scattered knowledge of English and was unable to offer him any explanations about the places he was visiting.
If there were spirits here, they were there for the taking, but not for Wil, and Wil was able to sit and ponder as he looked back over a huge stonewalled basin, the driver said was the pool for elephants to bathe in.  It was the driver who had told him of the stone long troughs they walked beside became used for ladling food into to feed the monks.  These two sites presenting stark visual reminders of times when his surroundings played host to monks and Kings, and those of the court and they possibly adorned with the trappings of wealth and refinement.
But Wil wasn't, or could not, take it all in.  Maybe the stifling heat of the morning flies pestering him and having to walk over dusty soil and through places of decay not really knowing what they were.  He was unaware the city was meticulously planned to be in harmony with the natural elements of the landscape including its outcrops of boulders and scattered vegetation.  The feeling he was seeking lost somewhere in the heat and dust, the dying trees and scattered remains of buildings diffused into boulders and trees.
By late morning he'd seen all he wanted to of Anuradhapura and went back to his hotel.  ‘I'll leave tomorrow for the second city Polonnaruwa’, and probably it was the emptiness of the hotel, the emptiness of the ruins, the desolation of it all and not being able to draw his mind back to the days of abundance and greenery and lushness this land must have presented.  What had passed by seemed to have sapped the city's growth and prosperity.  He was missing something.
Wil’s Lonely Planet advised the huge tanks or dams were constructed to contain monsoon or summer storm runoff and it was believed the tanks filtered out water to supply the cities needs with enough surplus to supply irrigation crops for food production.  Some tank walls are still to be seen, considering they could have been constructed from 240BC and some located to catch and divert water from as far away as 90 kilometres from the city.  The ones he saw were empty of any water, this part of Sri Lanka experiencing a long drought and the place seemed depressed.  Even in the town itself there were no tourists, and if the drought persisted much longer, the town would not have any water supply and possibly become abandoned.
Maybe it was the climate and the heat that keeps the spirits at bay.  Maybe if Wil had come back another time when it was warm and wet or cool and the place carpeted in green rather than bare dusts and dying trees.  Dead and decaying trees were becoming part of the cities decaying ruins.  Maybe, if he had come back at sunset or just at sunrise when the Yin of night took over from the Yang of day, or vice versa, and the Yin spirits and their energies, giving the place substance.  He was confused; thinking spirits always had to be good ones.
It was a disappointing conclusion for Wil for he had travelled so far to reach this place to be able to move around it and potentially absorb its mysteries alone, by his own self.  Why wasn't he able to detach?  Was something holding him back, or was something of himself unable draw up the spirits of this place?
During the late afternoon, Wil was asked by a Tut Tut driver if he would like to visit a mountain place where a King, while deer hunting, met a hermit monk who lived within a cave and the monk implanted within the King’s mind the Buddhist faith.  The location is known as the place where Buddhism originated in Sri Lanka.  Wil said yes and they puttered along narrow bitumen roads to the mountain outcrop, Mihintale, where Wil climbed upwards to a huge rock outcrop and looked over a plain which should have been covered in water for it was a tank for water storage in better times. 
Wil stopped at the Tut Tut driver’s parents’ place on the return trip and refreshed himself with a cup of Sri Lankan tea handed to him by a smiling and generous Sri Lankan lady and her husband.  The driver was very proud to introduce Wil to his parents.  They were very gentle but very poor.  The driver saying not to walk along the road edges as the Tamil had set landmines under the surface to take the feet from those who used the tracks.  The war legacies of single legged persons were very much present.
Next day Wil took the public bus to Polonnaruwa, a convoluted journey as there were no direct bus route and that meant him changing buses and being packed in like sardines with his other travellers for long journeys, standing and bouncing back and forth with the Sri Lankan people all doing their thing.  It was good to be with them and Wil spending his day happy to be shoved around on crowded buses.  He felt John of Woopy would have been proud of him.
Finally a couple of buses eventually got him to Polonnaruwa and its township, using his Lonely Planet and he walked some streets near the banks of a huge tank or water storage reservoir and found a hotel of his choosing.
Polonnaruwa was different, maybe cooler and not in prolonged drought.  The huge tank beside Wil’s hotel was built by King Parakramabahu about 1150AD and covered 2500 hectares in surface area.  It was an extraordinary engineering feat of that time and no doubt a construction rivalling anything in the known world of that time.  Storing water to feed the city and irrigate crops, in some way still present for the tank is still operational, but the ancient city Polonnaruwa is now just a ruin.  Wil was standing on an embankment five to six metres in height and stretching out over kilometres into the distance.  How could someone construct something like this?
 

These were different ruins, from different times, of different construction and an entreaty to Buddha.  Here Buddha images are still present, some carved into stone, and others mounted where they have rested since being placed there.  There was no gold or white paint being used here.  Polonnaruwa lay quietly in the trees and scrubs, and still untouched or associated with the tourist trade.
Wil spent a couple of days visiting Polonnaruwa by Tut Tut using a driver who was able to select each site to suit the time of day, but also dodging ticket sellers who seem to be everywhere.
They had peaceful journeys to places seen on a map the Tut Tut driver had given to Wil, and the driver was knowledgeable about each place’s history.  Wil was alone most of the time and not harassed by tourists in their coaches who seem to overwhelm a place just by their sheer numbers, for these places weren't large enough to be visited ‘en mass’.  Wil and his driver were able to stop and linger, and walk within complexes 600 to 700 years of age.
Still no spiritual happening, but it was not sought by Wil.  He had forgotten about that sort of thing and just wanted the city and its confines to come to him and enjoy it all, taking in its reverence and charm.  Besides, it was very hot and the sun made him feel heavy, the paving stones surrounding each temple were very hot on his bare feet, for he had to remove his sandals before entering each one.  Maybe it was the drawn out heat of the day, a sun’s fierce rays in the sky.  Maybe the fierce sun was driving away the spirits of Polonnaruwa.
They are there, but hidden from those whose minds could not attest to them or call and abide with them.  Other times, and maybe when shadows stretch across them, or breezes bring the spirits back from their hiding places.  Maybe they too had been locked away over the centuries since the times when these ruins were places of merriment, worship and purpose.  They were there, but how did he ‘touch’ or experience their presence?
Polonnaruwa offered Wil a chance to see Buddha images as were originally set within the confines of each temple.  He was able to view wall paintings, these being original and displaying the majesty of the King’s court and dancers.  Surprisingly something so valuable hadn’t as yet become protected by a steel grill.  He also passed along a roadway which upon either side lay the remains of many buildings used as trading places and the road being the city’s main place of community.
Wil was pleased to have visited Polonnaruwa, and there was something good about Anuradhapura, but not wanting to go back to either of them again because he felt he had missed their true meaning and message.  He didn’t give these ancient cities the respect they deserved.
He would move on tomorrow and asked the driver to take him to Sigiriya then on to visit a temple underneath a huge rock.  He wanted to look at gardens and the gardens created by skilled artisans of 600 to 700 years ago; these were able to be fed by elaborate irrigation systems drawing water from moats.
Wil didn't reach the summit of Sigiriya and in hindsight knew he should have.  It was a historic site, but he hadn't read about it enough to appreciate what it would offer, the garden no more; drought and ravages of time influencing and hiding their original purposes, so he moved on.
The driver said he should visit historic Buddha images in some caves and he did.  Wil was becoming suspicious of this driver after the dealing for the trip becoming convoluted, and the length of journey undefinable.  The driver brought a friend to drive the return leg to Polonnaruwa charging Wil for meal breaks, fuel and money to visit the sites on the way.  Wil was their meal ticket that day.
The cave temples at Dambulla were spectacular for Buddhist devotees, and plenty of devotees were present on that Sunday; there for belongingness, for history takes them to faraway places, to gaze at frescoes drawn onto the walls and ceilings of the caves and Buddha images, including a large reclining one, presented there as a way to remind everyone about who constructed and knelt before them.

There were many people present with Wil including people tempting the spirit of the caves to come and join with them as they prostrated themselves in front of a Buddha image and made prayer.  But for Wil, it wasn't going to happen that day even though it had been a perfect opportunity for him to do so.  But maybe it was the time thing and Wil seemed under pressure from his driver to do the cave visit quickly and come back down the long pathway of stairs to the waiting car for the next part of their journey.
Maybe that was it, time and a travel schedule thing was ambushing the spirits.  Wil being made to rush through the caves, rather than linger and wait for the shadows on the walls and ceilings to come to him.
He was angry with his driver and disappointed for not lingering.  He was the one paying and under no obligation to them to hurry so they could dump him off at their discretion and not his.  But his ineffectual manner and demeaning tepidity prevented him.
He was ruminating about Yin and Yang while quietly sitting there on the back seat of the Toyota Camry as it came into Kandy and passing a number of mosques and clothed women within a Muslim neighbourhood.
Wil enquired of them and the driver replied, “Sri Lanka’s great problem lay with the Muslim people coming into Sri Lanka and starting to control its shops, its trade and business, and they separate and gaining in strength rapidly because they don't practice birth control, and all Muslims are of an extended family.  They look after each other financially as well, so they are a gathering storm for Sri Lanka and will leave the Tamil war as a children's picnic.”
“The coming war will be for economic power,” said the driver’s offsider.
Wil responded and said, “What about the United States and its aide to Sri Lanka.  Surely they have a part to play?”
“No”, said the man accompanying the driver, who had been very quiet.  “Our benefactor is China, they realise what a great country we have.  We so poor and the war has weakened our resolve.”
“We need their money to build roads, bridges, ports and electric power.”
That got Wil thinking.  ‘Sri Lanka was again being subjected to by forces external, the gentle people of Sri Lanka no doubt to be controlled and manipulated by others as they had been by the Portuguese, Dutch and British, and now the Muslim and Chinese’.  Burma not so different, Islam present and not noticed by Wil.  ‘But Chinese presence may be unfolding in the wings of Burma and maybe one day, a road and rail link from Kuching in China will stretch through Burma to a port on the Bay of Bengal or Indian Ocean, as a port for Chinese goods, a road of connection between China and Burma and splitting off Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia into a group of countries feeling the power of the Chinese economy and its tentacles.’
But these were loose thoughts and that of observations not built on fact, but on the inside page of Wil’s Lonely Planet of Myanmar where he had drawn a line in from China in the North to the Indian Ocean in the south and felt one day, trains and trucks will ply their way between the two.
Back to Kandy and his hotel with its views of the lake.  Wil sat there with a cold beer on the hotel veranda looking down onto the lake and city, its early evening lights, and glad about his day and how it eventually unfolded.  He was alone, but not lonely.
Thinking of Matale, a village and its landscapes when he was coming back from Polonnaruwa and passing through the villages outside of Kandy with their Muslims and nature, history, and change.
‘The next war would not be of violence between nations with weapons and technology, but between people and those exporting their resources pitching themselves against those who say they shouldn't exploit those resources.  A war between nations where one nation that cares for its land and its people, and its prosperity and money in their bank, having to support countries, and people who for years and possibly centuries have exploited all their land has to offer and are now destitute, a broken and bankrupted economy; Governments weak and doing the bidding of minorities, and people living off others.’
‘The people left with no option but to plunder or leave their country as refugees or invade their neighbours or just cry poor and with hand outstretched, relying on wealthy countries to keep them and possibly using terrorism and impoverishment as an excuse for their economies to be propped up.’
‘The next war possibly between people and preservation of nature and nature's wonderment, its animals and plants and ecosystems and holding places as refugees of another kind, and that of nature and natural orders, untouched by mankind.’
But Wil was thinking, ‘It's not nature a war will be fought over, it will be about change and mankind's technology being able to ravage and exploit natural places to find resources to feed, house and sustain fast growing populations in cities.  The war will be about the incrementing of change over the years, and it’s progressive.  No turning back as technology, we grasping it and hanging onto its ability to till a soil, strip a forest, alter a stream and convert a landscape into roads, towns and cities.’
He was on a roll.
He could visually relate to Sri Lanka’s bountiful landscapes where the goodies of soil and climate come together in profusion to create places of perpetual sustainability, including those landscapes of Matale, not abused until they can no longer exist, but modified and exploited to suit the money needed by those who use them to maintain lifestyles altered by the mobile phone, television, motorbike and the Internet.  The landowners have had to use, and have potentially over utilised, their lands natural capacity to produce get enough money for all those things they need now, and things not needed by their parents and grandparents and those who used the land before them.  The West has a lot to answer for.
The environmentalist’s greater threat is change.  It is Change in people's lifestyles that use the land, and the land's capacity to endure.
Night-time came around and Kandy nightlights were something of nature in itself, and that of harmony.  Yin has come to claim its place, and Yang finding itself and exerting its presence through the shimmering lights.  Yang is best when in harmony with Yin, not like the ancient cities when Yang was in control and dictated its terms on the energies of each place.  Wil had so much to learn about Yin and Yang and their influences upon the land and what manifests its spirits.
Kandy Botanical Gardens was a garden Wil wanted to see and he was disappointed he missed Geoffrey Bawa's landscape and the architectural wonderment of the Kandalama Hotel, a hotel stretching one kilometre from end to end and designed to fit into the landscape with minimal disturbance with its images of the curve waves.  It was stupid to have let that driver take control of him.
Kandy Botanical Gardens weren’t bad botanical Gardens, for Wil had seen few.  His botanical garden exploits were limited to Mount Coot-tha Botanical Gardens located within the next suburb from where he lived with Betty.  His narrow life only taking him to one botanical garden and he was a landscape architect!  Wil had no knowledge of using space in abundance as a design tool, although he recognised many trees and shrubs familiar to him including the Frangipani (Plumeria), Flame Tree (Delonix), Tulip Tree (Spathodea), and Golden Shower (Cassia).
The Botanical Gardens were laid out as those in Australia, seemingly rigid in their construction, avenues of trees and scrub groupings, landscapes depicting something of man over nature, and not beside nature.  The gardens expressed something of control and maybe the influence on construction reflecting British times and that of the English garden and formality, a control of natural expression.
Wil had become converted to the garden on the curve for its naturalness of Chi flow and a garden that mimicked nature by conforming to the landscapes natural qualities on offer.  So natural and so easy to produce, just do the lot ‘on the curve’.  A natural support for beneficial Chi accumulation, for Chi likes to meander, not be rushed, cornered and suppressed, and ‘the curve’ becomes ideal for that.
The next day he took a train trip to Nuwara Eliya further into the mountains and spectacular scenery, passing tea plantations and plantations for cinnamon and herbs, coffee, coconut products and things Sri Lanka is famous for.
Arriving at Nuwara Eliya railway station and taking a taxi ride into town.  It was a cool elevated town and so different to the two ancient cities which were located on the plains and north of this mountain range.  It was raining and cool enough to force Wil to buy a coat to keep out the chilly air.  He was in a place of landscapes of England or Holland.  European trees of majesty lining the road and buildings more at home in England rather than tropical Sri Lanka.
He visited Nuwara Eliya Botanical Gardens and found them in restoration.  Rich soil amid streams folding their way down gullies with profusion in trees and climbers underneath.  Sunny nooks and viewing places, including one under a large Banyan looking across grass towards valleys below.
While waiting for a bus ride back into town, Wil saw his first cobra snake and wondered why Sri Lankan men kept away from it, not realising the snake is responsible for many Sri Lankan deaths each year.
The next day he caught a bus from Nuwara Eliya to Ella, a place for backpackers and trekking mountain pathways.  Once again cool climate and majestic scenery of mountains and tea plantations, winding railway lines and places to visit when having a break.  But he had to move on and hired a car to take him to Tissamaharama and the Yala National Park on the coast and the chance to see in their natural state, the Sri Lankan Elephant and Leopard.
It was another part of the contrasts that make up the landscapes of Sri Lanka and he was visiting a coastline of stunted trees and shrubs, soils bare of nutrients, and rainfall sporadic.  Wil hired a Jeep to visit the National Park at sunrise hoping to catch sight of wildlife.  Successful in parking beside a waterhole and watching a Sri Lankan Leopard take a drink and move onto a rock shelf to sunbake in the early morning sun.  A stroke of real luck to sight one in the wild, for the Leopard created a powerful energy as they silently watched until it rose and disappeared into the undergrowth.
The sighting turned out to be a sad thing because the mobile phone was now the ‘drumbeat’ of this national park; it being the source of communication between the 20 or so jeeps and tourists.  The collections of Jeeps are now drawn together by the mobile phone, and sighting something such as our leopard, quickly reaching all and they descended upon this place with their noise and chatter.
Wil was moved by something else that day.  The driver and the paid guide took Wil to a place by the sea and a concrete platform with some steps leading up to it.  There was someone standing on the platform when they arrived and the guide informed Wil this bare piece of concrete once supported a building containing 20 or so Japanese tourists when the Tsunami struck that part of the coast.  The building and all within were swept away.  The concrete slab was home to the spirits of those 20 or so Japanese people and Wil felt their presence.

It was a sobering moment to realise the destruction of the 2003 December Tsunami.  His driver pointed out where the waves moved across the landscape, taking all before it as it swept onshore and pointed out to where it moved inland 1/2 km or so, before it’s energy was spent or the sheer volume of what it carried halted its momentum.
But Sri Lanka did bear its fury and thousands of people along its eastern and southern coastlines perished.
Besides the Leopard and concrete slab, Wil’s visit to the National Park was somewhat disappointing.  The township of Tissamaharama was uninviting and unwelcoming and Wil was glad to catch a bus to travel along the southern coast to Unawatuna, a village by the sea, located just outside of Galle.  He wanted to go to a place beside the sea and Galle was home to an historic fort and cricket pitch used by Australian and England and Indian cricketers who visited Sri Lanka.  Sri Lanka is mad on cricket and their national team members are treated like rock-stars or gods.
A Sri Lankan Tut Tut driver and was proud to tell Wil he watched Shane Warne from Australia one day bowling at a charity match to aid victims of the Tsunami, and what a great fellow and bowler he was.  Ricky Ponting was another Australian cricketer they all wanted to know.
Wil visited a Jeoffrey Bawa landscape; an architectural construction of a tourist hotel, during one of his take-it-easy days.  It was the Lighthouse Hotel and he was impressed at the simplicity of design Bawa used to marry the hotel to the coastline and beach, even feigning the Hotel to look as part of the beach, and it mimicking the fort it was looking down upon.  Bawa even shaped a part of it as a ship with pointed bow signifying at night, as a ship would, heading for the port and its lighthouse.  Bawa's genius impressed Wil and he was looking forward to seeing Bawa’s home and garden outside of Bentota.
The Bawa’s Gardens
An enjoyable time was had by Wil at Unawatuna, as it’s a place for ‘do it yourself’ travellers to take it easy and relax, with plenty of restaurants and the beach just good enough to allow a swim in the surf.  It is a place to unwind and reflect, and Wil one day sat on a wooden chair looking out across the sea and thought about how blessed he was to be there and on a journey.
It was a time for him to take his notebook out and jot down some ideas which he may be able to use when he goes back into landscape architecture.  They were ideas governed by his interest now in nature and its relationship with ourselves.  ‘For us to live in harmony’, he felt; ‘we had to live close to nature and connect with it somehow each day’.
He wrote down, ‘foot in each door’, as a phrase to signify connectedness.
The bus ride to Bentota passed through many small villages which were seriously impacted by the 2003 Tsunami including a place where a passenger train was swept off its rails.  Wil found himself getting put off beside the road and it was very hot, a storm brewing and he could find nowhere to stay.  Where was the town and why had the driver put him off here?
He had no choice but to start pulling his bag along a dirt track following a sign to a hotel and restaurant.  Maybe the bus driver knew the owner, but what the heck; he was hungry so Wil sat down at a table not far from two Russian men and their Russian girlfriends.  They were drinking the best of wines and delving into a huge plate of lobster, crabs, and prawns sat on the table and enjoying the spoils of whatever gave them their wealth.  They must have been aged about 25 to 30 at the most.
Negumbo and its location about 80 to 90 km south of Colombo are very appealing for international visitors drawn to this part of the coast.  The beachfront was ideal for the construction of large hotels including a Geoffrey Bawa one.  Luxurious living by the sea in a good balanced climate, and a place where the hotel guests from their room could look out to sea in front and turn around to look at rice paddies, coconut palms and luxurious forests of the inland.
Wil couldn't afford the Russian lifestyles, as few can, but he enjoyed a beer with a chicken and cashew dish. 
The Bawa hotel could not to be seen from the railway line running between Colombo and Galle.  Wil thought, ‘maybe it's on the beach somewhere or on the other side of the railway line?’ which it was, and had rooms starting at more than 200 Australian dollars per night, beyond Wil’s wildest dreams.  The restaurant was somehow attached to the hotel, visited by hotel guests and others who came in their motorised carts to get stuck into the restaurant’s seafood and fine wines.
The restaurant owner assured Wil he would be okay and could have a room in his guesthouse, now closed and only open during the high season.  “You can share it with my caretaker, my friend, and share the birds and monkeys in its gardens.”
The price wasn't discussed and Wil wasn't going to accept an offer without price.  Wil enjoyed his relationship with the restaurant owner and started bartering over a few nights, finally, Wil saying, “I'm going back to the highway and catching a taxi into town.”
“There is nothing in town my friend, this is a resort town.  Tell you what; if you stay three nights you can take my special room for $40 Australian.  It's my best price and my friend, during the high season, Europeans come over here and fill every room and paying many times more than what you pay.  You have got yourself a very cheap deal.”
Wil said, “Okay a deal”, and wondered if the room wasn't a waste shed at the back with the caretaker or whatever.  A thunderstorm broke and Wil had a couple more beers, listening to the chatter of the Russians, and still wondering, where did they get their money from?
“My friend, my personal driver will take you to Geoffrey Bawa and his brother’s garden, Bevis Bawa, and my driver will introduce you as my friend.  He is very cheap and he is all yours for $15 Australian.”
Surprisingly enough, the price quoted was cheap as chips for Wil.  Maybe there's a catch and this Sri Lankan and restaurant owner and businessman was up to a trick.  What he was making from the Russians, who he said came here every day for the seafood banquet and at least half a dozen of the best French wines, made Wil’s contribution insignificant.  He was paying probably no more in total to one bottle of French wine that they were consuming!
The restaurant owner had his driver collect Wil's bag and take him up the dirt track to the highway and across the road to his guesthouse, where he found himself walking within a huge rambling assortment of villas and rooms hidden behind a high stone wall and heavy gateway.  The caretaker led Wil to his room and it was cavernous with its balcony and veranda, huge bed lounge living areas, and a bathroom designed for 2 to share.  He had given Wil the best room on offer and Wil thought with a smile ‘this bloke wasn't too bad’.  He had dinner and breakfast at the restaurant and the driver was out there waiting to take him to the Bawa gardens, and for Wil, his treat in Sri Lanka.
Firstly they went to the Brief Garden or Bevis Bawa's garden about 5 to 10 km over twisting lanes and across running creeks, steamy hills and valleys, jungle and sticky heat, coming at last to a narrow winding lane entry.  A ticket bought to enter from a lady who cared for the place and Wil found himself ensconced within a garden of extreme character.
Its character was offered by the land itself.  It was once jungle land which was claimed by Brief Bawa and the garden set within its boundaries, knowing if it became unattended, the garden would return to the jungle.  But as such it made perfect use of the slopes, for terraces of garden beds had been set out to stroll beside, including some lawn areas, seating of course and a stream of some sort working its way down through the garden set within a stand of native trees indigenous to the area, the stream adorned by lilies, grasses and shrubs.
 

His visit was firstly to view the garden proper before walking back to the home.  The garden wasn’t vast in area but sculptured upon the hillside and at its birth or inception, needing huge amounts of effort to cut back the jungle and replace it with lawns, terraces, stone embankments, pathways and figurines scattered throughout.
Some depict Brief's involvement with the Australian artist, Donald friend, who was Brief's lover and live-in housemate until a quarrel or whatever, and Friend moved on to Bali.  The garden and home is a reflection of extraordinary complex people leading interesting and somewhat complex lives.
Brief Bawa was at home in this garden, it responding to his flair for architectural fantasy.  Unlike his brother, Geoffrey, Brief Bawa was not able to convert his flair to monuments of Geoffrey’s persuasion.
The Brief Bawa garden was a mixture of contrasts and no doubt would need constant re-engagement apparent when Wil visited.  He thought the trees were extending themselves too much, interrupting view lines and cramping the openness of the garden.  Yet the garden image was something grand to be enjoyed by Brief and the famous and well-known people who used to come and stay here.
Frangipani has been used beside the home and this perfect selection of a plant species allowed sunlight to enter the courtyard and terraced areas used by Brief and his companions or visitors.  Donald Friend's work still preserved in a mural or two, some tiles set upon a wall, statuettes displaying male genitalia and had a huge wall painting of people and places.
The lady offered Wil a cup of tea on the terrace and he was joined by a couple from England to sip tea in the morning sunlight.  A gentle garden, mature but ever threatened by the encroaching jungle.  Wil hoping enough people come here and pay enough money to ensure its preservation.  Maybe the Sri Lankan Government’s help would be needed to keep the jungle at bay and preserve this gardens heritage.
“That wasn't too bad,” said Wil to his driver.
“Yes, yes, good, good,” was his reply.
“Lunuganga”, he asked and Wil not understanding said, “Yes”, hoping the driver was going to Geoffrey Bawa's garden, and wondering he might be just taking him back to the guesthouse.  But no, Lunuganga was located not too far from Brief's garden after weaving their way along winding lanes to a more imposing entry.  A phone call or two was needed at the gate which led up a steep drive and entry this time by a man who was the gatekeeper and carer for this garden and home.
Wil left his driver and walked up the slope onto a flagstone terrace, it beckoning him to visit some rooms elevated across the terrace, set within an arch, and distinct in its architectural merit.  Glass and timber carefully placed to fit into the landscape, rather than upon it.  Wil visiting one, then the other, being studios and places to sleep, realising they were guest rooms for those who want to stay in the garden here overnight or longer.
The man took pride in showing Wil other terraces reaching across to a view of a lake, and taking Wil to a table and seat, and location where Geoffrey Bawa sat for morning coffee or tea.
Beneath it another building containing antiques of some sort and architecture different to the elevated studio, this one solid and heavily cloaked in stone and heavily framed windows.
The man left to attend another visitor and Wil was able to wander down steps to the lawn below, a pathway winding through trees to another terrace that led down to the lake itself and grid of grass flagstones, then onto a seating area where Wil noticed the energies of the garden and lake were elevated and of auspicious Chi.  This place to Wil was the nucleus of the garden he had seen so far, and thought Bawa would have come here alone.
Wil moved back up a slight sloping hill towards the home itself passing by an outdoor room resembling a cavern with its stone roof covered by jungle plants and vines.  A Donald Friend sculpted face looking back towards the lake set upon a ledge jutting out from a stone wall.
  
The landscape architect in Wil was taking it all in walking up steps to a grassed terrace from which he could view the main home and its extended living areas flowing from the house itself onto tiles and flagstone courtyards.  Two massively aged Frangipani trees protected and framed the central part of its axis.  They shaped the landscape as viewed from the lawn.  Two giant urns also present to give contrast and mystery to the site, and in perfect harmony with the Frangipani's.  Both set to frame the view of the lawn and gardens from the courtyard and outdoor living areas.  Wil understood Geoffrey Bawa used this area to spend a large part of his day as his health declined.
Reaching the veranda and Wil was again offered a cup of tea; soon he was settling back into an armchair and enjoying life for a few moments in a place where its owner and builder had converted the rubber plantation home and its surroundings over 50 years before his death, a property still being cared for unlike his brother, Brief’s garden which seems to be struggling.  This home protected by a trust set up by Geoffrey Bawa, and no doubt being supported by those wanting to stay here.
Wil was shown through the home into places where guests could rent, then through a doorway onto another terrace which enabled its users to look across a gently sloping field of green to a hill and solitary urn.  Wil was standing beside the same  table and chair Geoffrey Bawa used for his breakfast while gazing across the scene entirely of his making, including the shaving off of the top of the hill so glimpses of the lake beyond could be seen.  Ironically, some villas and cottages are set beside the expanse of lawn, and no doubt, available for letting.
Geoffrey Bawa had used the strength of nature's elements to create his garden.  The lake forming an ideal backdrop to terraces and them disguising the slope of the hill, scenes created from places of resting by seating and taking in the harmony.  It was a garden of no flowers, only of plants and lawn and trees positioned and used to create scenes to view rather than touch.
Wil came away from the garden satisfied the reasons for his trip to Sri Lanka had been met, and thinking Geoffrey Bawa's spirit was present as he stood beside that same chair and table used by Bawa for his breakfast.  Wil was sure that those spirits are also within Brief Bawa's garden, the spirits of the Bawa’s and Donald Friend remain.
Wil had a day just wandering laneways of the town, not too far to walk to from his villa and had a leisurely meal in a café, returning to spend a lazy afternoon sitting on the veranda watching the rain and finishing a whisky bottle.  He watched birds like the Hummingbird and some rare parrots move through the gardens of the villas.  He didn't see any monkeys, but could hear them calling, their presence probably a curse in these parts and probably hunted.  He didn’t think about too much at all.
The following morning he took a bus ride to Colombo for a day or two, followed by taking the train to Negumbo and the hotel next door to the one where the Roman Catholic owner resides.  Wil’s travels had become a packed three weeks and worth it all.  He was coming home and not feeling too lonely about it.
At the low cost carrier terminal at Kuala Lumpur Wil thought about Sandakan and whether to ask Air Asia for tickets and delay his flight back to Australia.  The price and availability of a ticket to Kota Kinabula and return was okay, but Air Asia refused to transfer the dates for his flight back to Australia unless he paid in full there and then a full return flight.  They were a good low-cost airline, but only if you kept away from add-ons.
Third Conversation
So he was back in Australia or ‘Ausland’.  Back in his trusty RAV4 driving down the freeway onto the Pacific Highway and home to Woopy.
Back to a cold beer in his hand and seat in his chair looking across to the beach and ocean.  It was great to be back in Australia, the lucky country and probably not appreciated by many Australians until they travel into places not so well off.
Bawa's garden came back to him and he felt ensured those in charge of Brief’s garden would bring it back to vitality, and one day if he comes into money, he will go back and spend a few days in Geoffrey Bawa's house in one of the rooms which had been converted for accommodation.
His interest to get back into landscape architecture began to emerge and ideas passed through his head about gardens, whirling and reflecting tropical themes of the east, a bit of Zen if the client wanted it and Feng Shui incorporated, naturally.  He thought about doing landscapes for people who wanted the Chi of their surroundings to be positive and prolonged for as long as possible.  He thought about spirituality and eco-spiritualism and if this was bunk for there were those who said so.  They were wrong, for he knew there was another side to eco-spirituality, and it was simply, ‘Connectedness’.  But could he put it into gardens?
There was plenty to think about; finding a market or client base for these fermenting ideas.  ‘Would Coffs Harbour work as a home or would he have to return to Brisbane and tap the Noosa Heads to Byron Bay market.’  He thought the latter.
He had no idea what to do next.  Visit a travel agent again or try to find a companion of some sort? Maybe sell his father's shares and buy a house, move back to Brisbane and be near his kids.  No direction was coming to him and the share market making it impossible to sell his father's shares while their true value was so low.  He really had no choice but to stay where he was until the market rose enough to where he felt true value lay in the shares, and decide then.
If it wasn't for the greed of Wall Street and those who manipulated the machinery of money for personal and corporate gain, hand-in-hand with the ineptitude of the Bush Administration joining with it to let it fragment the way it did.  That had to happen one day, and then Obama being found to be another smokescreen, to bide time and real leadership.
As if the farce unfolding in the US wasn’t enough, those over the Atlantic and the Governments of Italy and Spain, Portugal and Greece were borrowing against their country's wealth until they had no more assets to offer and becoming virtually bankrupt.  Wil like so many others caught up in this ineptitude and selfishness have had to buckle down and wait for order to restore itself; decisions to be made and carried out to bring back confidence for investors and those who build their capital to best advantage.
Australia, it’s really become a source for exporting natural resources to feed China and potentially India.  A sound financial system props up Australia and company profits, but is not reflected in stock market share pricing.  Maybe Gillard and Swan, the two incumbents in power at the time, are influencing share markets, but confidence in them is at an all-time low.  However our man Wil has the ocean at his doorstep, some money in the bank, friends as his neighbours, and life on a string, if he realised it.
He thought about Bali again and revisiting those gardens, but alone and taking his camera and thought he'd clue himself up in their spirituality and culture and while there spend time in Java to gain a better understanding of Islamic people.  He’d possibly go on to Borneo or visit it on the way and get to Sandakan as part of the trip.  Thinking that after this trip, going somewhere else for a month or two as a refresher and place to think about things, and Chang Mai in Thailand comes to mind.  Borneo, Java and Bali, they are to become his next port of call.
His laptop was sitting on the table on the veranda and Wil on his old wooden chair was looking at the ocean and noting down with his pen details about flights.  He was hoping to book weeks in advance for low prices, and the ones on offer were promo airfares to Surabaya in Java which he had noted.  He checked flights to and from Kota Kinabula in Malaysian Borneo and as always, they were very reasonable. While on his computer he looked at a return leg from Denpasar in Bali to Kuala Lumpur to connect the flight home, and it all could be done.
He thought about it for 10 seconds or more and commenced the purchases, credit card in hand and hooking up his Epson printer, printing out each receipt out one after the other as he made the purchases.  In all four tickets purchased and three countries and costing him less than 1000 Australian dollars, four weeks in total and off again.
He wanted to talk to John sometime soon, but there were more important things to do.  Some golf at Safety Beach with the boys from the park, some fishing out near the Solitary Islands; a group of islands off the coast, in his neighbour's fishing boat, doing some gym, trying to get Simon and Sally down for a weekend, some bushwalking and incidentally, talking to the architectural and landscape architects of Coffs Harbour.
The weeks passed quickly when you're active enough and have something to do each day.  Wil fell into a daily routine, one which included his walk along the beach each morning, his yoga, and fruit bowl mix at breakfast, coffee and talking to people in the park, walking up into town to the local IGA for groceries, beer stocks and Australian wine.  He had a tendency for red wine and Merlot, but okay with Shiraz and Cabernet Merlot mixes.  He liked colour in a wine and smoothness on the palate.
Something of casual interest to Wil was the presence of roadside crosses to mark a death through a motor accident.  Some simple, and just a cross, but others with flowers and the name marked onto the cross, each accident, and its own history and with the roadside, an ending.
Wil paused one day beside one and the visible scarring on a tree showed the consequences of a vehicle colliding with it, leaving someone’s spirit in company with the scarring, now slowly fading, and a marker, once fresh, slowly fading from those who placed the marker there on that location.  It to them, a symbol of that person, and that person's soul and spirit present as it was released to that place, the person whose life ended, and that location forever sharing their spirit.
On a brilliant autumn sun lit afternoon, Wil took a walk in the reserve behind Woolgoolga.  He'd known about it from the locals who said the track wound its way to a waterfall and place where Woolgoolga’s water supply once came from.
Wil parked his reliable RAV4, locked it to deter theft and took the walk; crossed small creeks and listening to the Wonga pigeon, its woopy-woopy sounds, and noticed the movements of sunlight through majestic stands of Flooded Gum, or Eucalyptus grandis.  These trees of rigid straight trunks, powdered white and clean and topped with stretching canopy, competed with their neighbours for the light above, the grouping with their scrubby understory low enough to distinguish the grandness of the trunks reaching upwards in dabbled light  Wil paused at the scenery and took it all in.  He was alone and allowing its energy to come to him.  He felt its calm, his mind cleansed and free, and a pervasive feeling of connection arose within him.  He allowed the energy to come to him, taking it in along with the workings of the shadows, call of birdlife and gentle sound of the stream in the background.

The feeling was as spiritual as he had ever experienced.  But was it spiritual, this word that is banded around to describe whatever?  He didn't know what it meant.  He was connecting to nature and a natural place in a pure way, something holistic, unadulterated by anything of mankind and himself, as man, present, but not intrusive.  He was part of that scene as a partner to it.  It’s energy, his energy, its Chi, his Chi and they merging as one.
Was it spiritual?  Wil did not know or care, and thinking about it took something of it away.  He shouldn't be thinking of anything, should be keeping his mind clean and free.  Is it spirits he was feeling or was it just the energies of a place resonating within his mind, and he connecting with them?
Walking along the creek to the waterfall and returning to that spot, but coming from the other direction, the light and shadow mixing different in the half-hour it was before he was last past this place.  He recognised the trees, but they had different energy and not so pronounced; the same trees, same location but different Chi, and the location and angle of this observation having a different impact on him.
His Feng Shui reasoning’s and landscape architecture guidance suggested Chi becomes stimulated or fragmented by entries to any place, what is in between, the open spaces and destinations.  For a place to have auspicious Chi and it empowering the person, its entry has to present the scene or place as a functioning of Chi, be it auspicious or inauspicious Chi and that suggesting; get a place’s Yin and Yang in harmony.  But, identifying the ‘sha’ Chi influences or negatives influencing the auspicious ones, and nullify or moderate them, then thirdly, ensuring the Five Element Balance of the place remains in harmony.
These three instruments of design for harmony align and the Chi of a place becomes enhanced, its energies enhanced and connectedness to that place enhanced.  If there is some sort of spiritual connection, it potentially is linked to a Chi connection.  He wondered if he should broach the subject with John.
Coffs Harbour has three architectural firms and three landscape architects.  The local council employs their services and the privately listed firms are listed in the phone book.  This suggested work would be tightly held, and clients fiercely protected.  Wil took the time to talk to them over the telephone and mentioned something of this background, and now in semi-retirement and living at Woolgoolga.  He didn't mention where he lived, but a general enquiry to gauge reaction or an invitation.  But no, not one suggested coming in for a chat other than to talk about trends and common interests.
His chances of setting up a successful landscape architecture practice at Coffs Harbour and specialising in eastern style landscapes was waning.  Not for interest lacking, but clients too scarce and most residential construction in the district carried out by project home builders for a fixed price.  Wil wasn't dejected, but he was hoping for someone to call him in for a chat and an opportunity to join them, and had hoped there were clients out there waiting for fresh ideas.
“Is John in?” said Wil.
“Yes, he's with a client.  Could you come back in say 10 to 15 minutes?” said the lady behind the counter.
Wil nodded and spent the next fifteen minutes walking aimlessly around outside.
“There you are, my friend”, said John like some long lost pal.  He spoke to the lady he had treated, offering advice and writing something down for her on a piece of paper and ushered her to the door, her face radiant and friendly, she was amazingly attractive.
‘I wonder if she's single’ thought Wil.
“Come on then, I'm making an herbal tea, have one with me.  How have you been, tell me about Sri Lanka, and where are you off to next?”
Over a cup of herbal tea, Wil briefly explained something about his trip to Sri Lanka and the slow decay of the ancient cities that he’d had the pleasure to walk within.  Wil spoke about Sri Lankans and their relation to Buddhism, and how gentle and happy they seem to be, but probably not having very much money.
Wil mentioned to John he wasn't receiving an overpowering spiritual connection to the places he visited.  He mentioned that he’d had a better one here at Woopy in the reserve behind town and also mentioning the road crosses and their spirits, but spirits of a place coming to him on his visits to those ancient cities weren’t the ones that he was seeking.
“My friend”, John suggested, “I think you're rushing around those places too fast.  You have to take the slow road.  I think you're made a list of places to visit and ticked them off as you get there.  You're not staying enough or willing yourself enough, to connect with them, their spirits are there all right, the Buddhists who pray in each temple connect to them, but they do so because the temples are a home for them, and spirits like to have a home.”  
“Restless spirits are out there on the road outside.  They are spirits, and I recall mentioning to you, everything has a spirit, all places have spirits, Wil.  But they aren't there to call up on to the telephone, there isn't a dial a spirit service or being able to order one as we would, a pizza!  No, most people in our world never witness or connect to any spirits, and very few people ever do.  The ones who do are special people and some train themselves to do so, possibly over many years of meditation doing whatever, punishing themself to open a pathway to the spirits, but for most of us, we only see them at death.  They come and stay with us from that moment.  Those who do so, other than upon death, do so to join with what the spirits offer, and that could be faith and obedience to them.  Ministers of a Church do that.  There is something familiar about a spiritual connection.  Familiarity, that's for sure.  They want but cannot meet with you, because you’re unfamiliar with their ways.”  
“That's why you were disappointed at Bagan, and no doubt, Sri Lanka also disappointed you.  You have come a long way since I first met you, Wil.  You're changing, my friend, and becoming sensitive to your surroundings.  We should learn to walk side by side with our surroundings, and not over or through them.” 
“During my time in Indonesia, I stayed at one place for all those years and got to know every stone and bush.  I knew when and where the sun rose from the earth, its shadows meeting with the forest floor.  I knew the call of each bird, the days it would rain and I became part of that place.  Its spirits are my spirits.  I couldn't see or touch them, but they were there.  I couldn't always feel their presence, but they were there.  The spirits of a place are there, as are those spirits for that place and all the things within.  It takes time and familiarity, to meet with those spirits.  The birds do, the animals do, the plants they all do, the water laying within a pool or gurgling in the stream, the shadows and movement of a breeze.  You need to live with the place to meet its spirits.”
“John”, Wil said, “I'm off to Java and Surabaya then down to Bali.  Where did you live?  Maybe I can visit your home.”
“Wil, I'd lived in the jungle, not near any town.  Our group lived in the jungle and our home was within the trees.  Old ruins lay in the jungle near our home, but no, you wouldn't want to find my home.”
And Wil left it at that.
“Don't rush if you want to find the spirits of Bali.  They belong to the Balinese people, not us.  Don't interfere with them, just observe and respect them.  Maybe, you were saying you're a landscape architect and one day you'd like to return to it.  Why don't you think about it on your next journey, how to find the spirits of a garden, as a gardener would.  You could make your contribution by joining those who garden, with their garden.  A gardener has the time to become familiar with their surroundings and this creates the space for spirits to settle, and as such, it could be very rewarding for them.  An inner part of themselves become attached to their garden, and not those building some type of temple or shrine; just something simple, like a seat to sit upon.  I have such a place, Wil, a seat in the bushland where I live.  Nature is rested in this place and I can settle onto the seat and join with her.  That's all I need and I am blessed as powerfully as any monk or priest or Bishop or those who preach from the pulpit.”
Another conversation with John, another piece of the puzzle in place, so different to the first time he had met John, and maybe strength coming out of his previous weaknesses, for they are being re-tuned to something of strength.
Idealism brings creation, inventiveness, breeding sensitivity and to a dreamer…new ideas.
Strength lies within any weakness and is unique, and as strong as a football player scoring a goal.
Sandakan 
‘On the Road again, on the Road again’, that John Denver song in his ears and the RAV winding its way up the Pacific Highway, once again to a storage facility, and the walk not too far to the departure lounge of Coolangatta airport in Queensland.
Air Asia, no-frills flight to KL, a wait as usual, then a short one-hour flight to Kota Kinabula in Sabah, Borneo.
A public bus ride into town and a hotel, not this time out of Lonely Planet, but the Internet, the Borneo Hotel was nowhere to be seen.  He didn't know where the driver let him off the bus, remembering he showed the name to the bus driver written on a piece of paper, but no problem, there were plenty of helpful people pointing out its direction.
Kota Kinabula seemed to be made up of streets of concrete buildings, same height and similar facades facing the street, but these are tree-lined streets, and the buildings now a reminder of the Second World War and the Allied bombing which razed the original wooden structures to the ground.  Some of them are freshly painted and refurbished, presenting to the street a modernised version.  Kota Kinabula was developing on the tourist map, possibly as a tipping off point for diving along the coastline with its reefs and islands, but not for Wil.
He was catching a bus past Mount Kota Kinabula on the road to Sandakan and letting the countryside drift by.  Unfortunately, his bus broke down just outside of the bus terminal from where they departed to become replaced by another, but it too broke down outside of Sandakan, and Wil with some other foreigners, including a couple from Sweden, caught a minibus into Sandakan.
Along the way to Sandakan, their bus passed through tens of thousands of acres or thousands of hectares of palm oil plantations, these stretching to the horizon on either side of the highway, illustrating a single plant species covering complete hillsides and lining every gully.
There was nothing to identify what the original land cover may have looked like.  It seemed like crass over exploitation of land and insensitivity which Wil was to notice in many Malaysian landscapes.  They used the land for profit, replacing what was present before with a crop of greater return and the land itself just a reservoir and birth right to be utilised, any feelings for it and its plants and animals, not recognised in these parts.

The original forest cover had been ravaged for timber logs so it seemed logical to remove what vegetation remained for palm oil, but endemic plants unknown to mankind, possibly lost, and habitat for fauna, including the Orang-utan, gone forever.  Their habitat continues to be taken as trees fall to loggers, followed by the ubiquitous palm oil plant.
Wil and the two Swedes found a hotel near the wharf area amongst the concrete buildings of Sandakan.  These create tunnels of three to four story bland grey concrete buildings facing a strip of bitumen which would have once carried merchants and traders from many Asian lands.  The original buildings of unique heritage, back to the time of Chinese junks and Dutch, Portuguese or British sailing ships, their occupants and local traders bustling in the streets and along the wharve, are long gone.  The Allied bombing ended all that.
Next day, Wil joined the two Swedes for a meal and shared a taxi to the Orang-utan sanctuary not far from Sandakan, joining with a number of foreigners to watch the Orang-utan groom each other, gently moving from place to place, and oblivious to those watching them.  Feeding time, and the Orang-utan enjoyed their meal as the gathering took photographs or looked on silentl.  Then, oblivious to their audience, the Orang-utan sauntered back into the forest, leaving all quiet.  It was a great experience to see a species of animal in decline and possibly faced with extinction from so many parts of Borneo.
The Swedes were off to see Proboscis Monkeys and a river cruise to possibly see the Macaw Parrot, and maybe Borneo Elephants in their natural habitat.  Wil never saw the Swedes again.
He hired a separate car and told the driver he wanted to visit a palm oil plantation and its mill, to which the driver responded positively, and Wil conned his way past the gatekeeper to inspect its operation.  The mill was responsible for processing the seed pod from well over 10,000 acres owned by the mill, but also supplied by private smaller acreages servicing the mill.  Palm oil comes from the palm seed pod being crushed, boiled then separated from its pulp to become a fluid for further separation to make a concentrate trucked to the port at Sandakan; an efficient operation and impressive to someone unfamiliar with the manufacturing process.  Although, dodging the tankers going to and from Sandakan was something else!
Wil was able to walk within plantations and felt their Chi.  Ironically one place he visited had strong ‘sheng’ or auspicious Chi exhibited in filtered light and shadow, arching palm fronds, clean trunks and the ground bare.  Palms occupying gentle slopes and creating an impression they were masters of this land, but part of it.  The scene was of harmony.
‘I wonder if their carbon footprint is as strong as the one they replaced,’ thought Wil, ‘Maybe they could be a useful tool to nullify climate change if they absorbed carbon freely from the atmosphere.’
Finally, he went to see Sandakan War Memorial where prisoners of war from Australia and the United Kingdom were interned in a camp, partly remaining where the Memorial stands.  Some reminders such as a boiler standing sentry near the Memorial entry and some concrete troughs with piping for water supply and use by those interned; possibly a food preparation area.  But nothing more, the camp itself and its housing had long gone and most of the original camp housing is now under a residential housing estate.

It was a place Wil wanted to connect with, connect with those lodged inside to feel their presence and spirits before they were led into the jungles under a forced march, and all but six perishing.
He was unable to feel their spirits other than the emptiness at the brutality of one human over another, one innocent to their fate and the other guilty to their ideology.
The heat of the day was oppressive and Wil, feeling unsettled in the stomach, asked the driver to return him to the hotel.  He wasn't prepared or committed to take in the spirit of that place and wondered if those who attend the annual Anzac Day Memorial Service at the Memorial do so, and he was sure they did, and the spirits came to meet those observers on that day.  Those special days gather their own spirits and come to join with those in attendance.  An occasion with its music, ceremony, dress, hymns and prayer all help to conjure up something holistic and pure.
He had booked a flight back from Sandakan to meet his connection at Kota Kinabula and spent an early morning at the Sandakan terminal waiting for his first fight of that day.  Sitting in the cavernous terminal he was the only person present.
It was extraordinary to be in a place like this and it be completely empty.  He could feel the building’s might and Chi and it wasn't oppressive Chi.  To Wil it was something Yang, and then, within the building, a couple of swallows emerged and darted their way backwards and forwards across its spaces, giving the terminal life.
Life is so important in any landscape or architectural structure of mankind, for life is symbolised within.  A landscape without life is alien and symbolises opaqueness, desolation and death.  Life’s intrusion made up by the movements of those who use it.  It not preserved in a landscape’s natural form such as the airport terminal, but offered as host to life as life came in the form of swallows and people who use its space.

The building emitted life with those swallows and Wil saw them as Yin, but that's confusing, because the swallows burst with life, and that is Yang.  For Yang represents that of the heaven, and it yields life to earth, and birth symbolised as Yang!  The airport terminal building in its structure is so Yang in its concrete, glass and steel, but it’s a womb, and as such the structure itself symbolised Yin.  Any one thing has to have something of the other.
Sitting alone in the building, Wil remained looking at the swallows, and pondered the extraordinary complexity and finality of Yin and Yang oscillation.  Surely, these two energies are the governing energies of our planet.  Thinking to himself, ‘Life on Earth is simply the oscillation of Yin and Yang forces interacting within themselves within a climate of change’.
But, there was something else in that building which wasn't present at the Sandakan Memorial.  There was an eeriness of being alone in such a vast place and his only company being a couple of swallows.  He felt something unlikely to be felt at any other time, because it was so unusual to be alone in a place which is normally buzzing with activity.  Those swallows were bringing something to Wil which the Sandakan Memorial couldn't, maybe life in its living form, and it being able to be absorbed, where the Sandakan Memorial,… its ‘life’ had been extinguished.
‘How are the spirits of those who lost their lives within the camp, the working parties, forced marches and brutal acts of the Japanese guards, preserved?  How are they remembered and being brought back?  Surely, they deserve to be for what they represented and can they become extinguished just because nothing is there to represent them?  Surely, those spirits are up to us to bring them to life when we seek to join with what they represent!’
He was back in Kota Kinabula with a short wait at the airport before an Air Asia flight to Kuala Lumpur, and then another wait for a flight in the late afternoon to Surabaya in Java.  Another leg of his journey completed and another commenced.  He was alone and comfortable and knew if he had found company like Pam, he wouldn't have experienced or connected as he has.
Java
The guesthouse he had booked into in Surabaya was overbooked, and when he arrived its manager apologised and said he would take Wil to a friend's guesthouse for no extra money.
Which he did, and Wil was surprised when he arrived at the guesthouse. It was a mansion, extraordinary large and containing many rooms, maybe a couple of dozen, which were bedrooms and each had its own en-suite.
The next morning the manager told Wil the building is owned by a government minister or a member of his family and it was built as a home, but also as accommodation for paying guests.
Wil had a day or two in Surabaya organising a train ticket to Jogjakarta and saw something of the city.  The rail ticket was fine, but there were no executive seats left.  They found a seat for Wil beside a window in first class.  The taxi driver took Wil to a museum displaying something of Surabaya's historical past.
The museum also hosted a history of tobacco, and relayed the life of the man who started his working life trading coal out of a wheelbarrow, transcended from a bicycle to become the matriarch to the country's wealthiest family.  A fortune built on tobacco, cinnamon and cigarettes.  Wil was able to view a factory floor of people still preparing cigarettes by hand.
He was able to join a tour group which visited places of settlement and life before the modernisation of Surabaya.  For it was a city built on trading rich produce of the Javanese plains such as rice, spices and possibly tobacco, trading with Chinese merchants, and after Java’s conquest, trade fostered by the Dutch and Europeans.
Unfortunately for history’s sake, much of Surabaya’s physical architecture of that period has been replaced, as modernisation of the city sweeps them away.
So there he was, off again, on another trip.  Thinking, ‘My finances are still okay.  My father's investment is still keeping me and I'm able to travel where ever and when, as long as I travel with the people of the country, their way, using their transport means and competing with them for beds where the middle class now stay when they travel for business or family.  The middle class within all countries of SE Asia are growing in numbers and ever so quickly.  They are becoming a force in their own right.  I'm joining with them for meals, and in some way become part of them even though I have no inkling of their language or really, their culture.’
Ironically, in time Asia’s middle classes will compete with and make it hard for two star hotel travellers to easily find a room.  Forcing travellers upmarket and into hotels which they really cannot afford, and these seeming not as personal.
Jogjakarta on Google looks interesting.  It has temples, mixtures of culture and history.  A mixing pot of history influenced by Islam, Hindi and Buddhism and something of the Dutch and their wantonness to introduce the Roman Catholic Church.  The church seems to want to get its bit in wherever you go...
Wil wasn't sure how to travel here in Java because he did not use a Lonely Planet, but instead relied on printouts from Google web pages he found on the Internet.  Thinking he’d do what he normally does, just hit the net and locate if possible a centre where the backpackers go, where the 2 to 3 star hotels and guest houses gather, but he was angry for not getting another Lonely Planet or print travel guide, for it would have simplified his trip into Java.
His printouts suggested a couple of locations in central Jogjakarta for accommodation.  One was near the railway station and another was a few kilometres south and maybe more comfortable.  ‘Blast it, I'll go to the one which seems more comfortable because it will have more places to eat and possibly be visually more exciting than being around a railway station!’
‘Jogjakarta, wow, this is a pleasant place,’ thought Wil.  He noticed it aligned on a grid of long straight roads, intertwined with smaller roads and laneways.  The Sultan's Palace, no doubt had a major influence in its planning.  And as Wil gradually learned to understand the city is orientated to align between a mountain, Mount Merapi, and the sea. The Sultan's Palace alone faces the mountain with roadways sweeping away from it.
“Venezia Homestay,” suggested Wil.
“No worry sir, 40,000 Rupiah,” said the taxi driver.  But Wil hesitated, another lesson of the road.
Taxi drivers or touts around transport hubs such as railway stations like to get the better of foreigners and generally ask about twice the going price for regular journeys.  His Google printout said a similar journey was about 25000 rupiah, and so haggling becomes a natural part of any journey, other than meals, which have set prices.  You take it or leave it.  Meals are generally so much more affordable than those at restaurants in Australia.
“Could you stop here, please,” said Wil.
“No worry sir,” replied his driver, smiling and not wanting his passenger to be dropped off where he wouldn’t get a commission.  “The people here are friendly, and courteous, and pleasant and have good English.  I've got a feeling sir, you're going to like Jogjakarta.”
So there Wil was, in a hotel not too sure whether it was the one he wanted to stay in and not too sure whether the driver inadvertently led him here.  So next morning, he wandered down the street and was surprised to find a grouping of guesthouses and restaurants completely unknown through the Google print out.
Wil spent the first night at the hotel first chosen and next morning before committing himself for another night, he walked the nearby streets to find something more suitable.  He walked into the one which looked the most tidy and busiest.  Not too many foreigners in the hotel he selected, but Indonesians, and he had a feeling they would select hotels for their liking.
So he settled in the Duta Guesthouse and hit the jackpot.  The tariff included a buffet breakfast, with Indonesian food, but what was on display looked more like an American breakfast and his room rather upmarket in a way, costing him about US$35.
Wil went for the room with the garden setting, tucked away in a corner with a balcony and chairs, a fishpond.  The fish swimming lazily beneath his balcony and adjoining gardens, fresh and healthy,… and it was quiet.
There are two temples to be visited as a must see, the Borodudur and Prambanan, both majestic reminders of their past.  The Borodudur built about 750AD and very Buddhist in nature, its construction different to what he’d experienced and reflecting as always, the availability of building materials and style envisaged by those in charge of its construction.  No doubt labour availability and expenses and time to complete had been determined, but ensuring its design satisfied the purpose of its construction.
He was told the Buddhist temple was going to be visited by Richard Gere, the actor round the time he was there, and maybe he would see a superstar in the flesh.
It was easiest to hire a private car for a couple of days to see these temples and visit the countryside.  Public transport is scarce, to say the least.  Tri-bikes for those journeys around the central part of the city and metered taxi’s far too expensive to use when visiting the temples as they are located well outside the city and on either side of the city.  Easier to hire a private car for about 30/40 US dollars a day for a late model Honda or Toyota sedan, air con and all the tricks modern cars provide.
Wil’s first temple visiting day was partly spent with hundreds of motorcycles sharing the roads for about 40 kilometres of highway and country roads, arriving at Borodudur only to find many buses, for it was school holiday time, and children from all over Java were there on excursions to visit Jogjakarta's two famous temples.
Wil felt herded as he walked the long pathways with so many other people and couldn't feel at peace with these surroundings, something artificial about them, pathways for entry and exit, ticket collections and stalls.  Maybe it's more a tourist attraction rather than a religious place.
After leaving his driver, Wil found he was becoming separated as a foreigner from Javanese people and only re-joining them after he was given a sari to wrap around himself.  The day unwount to become hot and sunny, but he couldn't get into it, and felt like another tourist or schoolchild doing ‘the temple thing’.
Borodudur Temple rose from the surrounding ground in a great rectangle of about one hectare in area, a neat and tidy separation from nature and symbolising control.  He was caught up in the myriads of groupings of primary school children and their teachers being led towards the temple, and upon arriving he was unable to stand alone, or silent, and as such was unable to recognise anything of its architectural amazement.

‘I couldn't get into it’, he thought.  ‘It wasn't calling me or asking me to share its secrets.’  Whatever they were, they have been lost or hidden and gone into hiding as thousands of people spread themselves throughout and some lingering within  its central courtyard.
He thought ‘It's a people place at present’.  The history of its construction and period coming eloquently from guides leading groups of people.  There were no monks in their robes, just people in uniform doing their duty.  The temple was constructed by a religious people for a religious offering. To them it was no doubt very spiritual, but Wil couldn’t recognise it.
‘It is not my place to be harsh about such a place’, Wil thought.  ‘Maybe I'm spoilt and seen too many other places, alone with them.  Forgetting each has its story and anguish, and for some, sacrifices for those who built them.’
Schoolchildren were attracted to Wil, a foreigner, and asked him questions about his country, why he was here and if he liked Java.  Australia is so different to Java, here in Indonesia with its 240 million people leading out their lives, while in the immensity of Australia and its lands and climate, only 23 million inhabitants.  The schoolchildren’s interest in Wil were leading him away from the temple’s secrets.
Here he was thinking again, ‘The spirit has been disturbed.  Why do I keep repeating these words?’
The spirit has departed, but no, it's present as always, manifesting itself to suit the time and place in its journey.  Long times have passed from when spirits would have been fresh and invigorating to those who built and used this temple for its desired purpose.
But today, it was a day for schoolchildren, who were happy and excited for their time at the temple; they havetime and energy to absorb its majesty.  ‘Maybe I'm spoilt,’ thought Wil, ‘by places I've visited and temples and gardens such as Bagan and Angkor, where I visited alone and was able to reach across for the connection.’
‘Maybe I'm being selfish’, thought Wil.  ‘The schoolchildren aren't, they're happy and friendly and courteous, and maybe they were seeing the temple through different eyes, and to them it was something more than just stone.’
But something in its construction, for Borodudur is 118 metres along each side, 9 platforms, 6 lower and square and 3 circular, the complex huge and home to four or five hundred Buddha images and stupas crowned by a central one, the walls of the courtyards and passageways, ordained by thousands of relief panels, each telling its story, and the temple itself, relaying something of its story.
Maybe it was the schoolchildren asking to be photographed with Wil and asking questions of where hecome from and his feelings for Java, for his mind had been taken away from the images and structure of the place.  Maybe it's enormity for it is the world’s largest Buddhist temple, a vastness in execution in design and ornamentation.
Maybe its location on a small crest of the hill, and standing on its balconies, looking out to views of rolling hills and valleys and the growing of crops.  As Wil wandered around the structure, it seemed a duty to complete the full walk, and he was not passive enough for its energy to come to him.
He left the temple a bit disappointed that its spirits could not awaken him and doing so, he became excited to visit the other temple in the hope its mysteries present themselves to be explored.  Wil wanted their company and for some reason, felt very alone.
Maybe it was the schoolchildren’s day, and the spirits of Borodudur were there for them and their teachers, and the knowledge those children gleaned from the experience.  Possibly, Wil knowing nothing of Indonesian or Javanese heritage and culture, and places of historical wonderment; feeling many places have been lost and forgotten and buried under their landscapes as ruins.  Places of timber and teak, of time or fire, earthquake or pillaging either becoming their enemy.
His thoughts directed to that of disturbance rather than of connection and this theme repeating itself, especially after Governments get involved and the tourist dollar beckons.  Could the spirit be sacrificed and the dollar or quest for money became its replacement spirit?
So Wil left that temple behind, walking back to his car and the driver, buying a memento on the way, and the driver suggesting to view a small temple not far away.
“Many people?” suggested Wil. “Many children laughing and having fun, and excited to be there!”
“No, no, a quieter place,” replied his driver.
The driver turned off the road from Borodudur and entered a dirty courtyard with its craft sellers, and Wil noticed a magnificent Bodhi Tree (Ficus banyan).  It was the most spectacular tree he'd ever seen.  Its presence created one of the most dramatic locations he had seen; a foundation to frame the small temple adjoining it and the tree possibly present during times when those who used the temple complex for worship.  A tree thirty or so metres across with broad arching stems and a myriad of aerial roots hanging towards the ground, broad and fissured at the base and pendulous leaves hanging, dark green and healthy.

‘This tree has a spirit and I accept it,’ thought Wil.  ‘I wasn't supposed to visit a tree.  I should be visiting the small Hindu style temple occupying the same area.’
Not too many people here as Wil walked past the craft sellers, he was alone other than a family of Japanese from Kyoto who were marvelling the Bodhi tree.  Two of their children were even swinging from a tendril branch or aerial rootlet.
Peace, seclusion, no competition from schoolchildren and the commercialisation of Borodudur.
A very small fee was collected and the Mendut Temple just large enough to protect three images, the central one that of a Buddha, and on either side two Boddhisatvas, one a guardian and protector to Buddha, and the other to elevate humans from their bodily Karma.  The setting impressed Wil as something more of Hinduism rather than Buddhism, and something he wished he could learn something more about, for the images evoked something quite spiritual and ancient.
The driver mentioned in his broken English, the temple was constructed by those who oversaw the construction of the Sultan's Palace in Jogjakarta, fostering a religious affinity to something of Hinduism with Islam and Buddhism, but free from Christianity for the temple’s origins were of Asia rather than Europe.
The relationships Hindu’s have with the land and spirits was something Wil had to explore further, and as he walked across from the temple to  the Bodhi Tree, he felt a spiritual empathy towards the setting including the tree, which represents affinity with the land and their spirits as no doubt the Sultans did.
Wil’s driver suggested we go onto Kepet where we can look across valleys to Mount Merapi and witness from a distance something of the destruction from a volcanic eruption in October 2010.  Smokey cloud or mist covered Mount Merapi's summit and place of eruption.  Wil’s driver said over 500 people lost their lives as the volcanic plumage of ash, smoke and mud as it rained and spilled down the mountain side.  Mount Merapi's cone had collapsed as it has done before and the driver saying, “It was something of the Gods.  The Gods of the Earth are all powerful.”
Wil jumped to accept this vision that Gods of the Earth were unhappy and had vented their anger as they only know how.  Those who live above the Earth have to be obedient to the Earth’s spirit.  The driver said many died because they thought the spirits of the Earth would protect them.
The thought was central to Wil’s mind reflecting back on the train trip he took from Surabaya to Jogjakarta and notes he wrote about his new awakening to energies of, ‘a different kind’.
Something of the Chi energies and that of Feng Shui, Taoism and that of Zen, their infusions and the manifestation of Chi in its many forms.  Thinking, ‘I believe in Chi wholeheartedly, and feel its driving and guiding me, especially since I awoke to it’.
At the top of the page in his notepad, he wrote the words, 'Chi is of the land.'
And underneath he made some findings which he felt were central to his thinking of Feng Shui and its relationship with the earth.
The Chi of the soil represents the relationships of all above it and it's a product of what's below.  The soil is the link between the Earth and us and all living things which use the heat from the sun and the air and of our atmosphere.
The heaven, moon and stars, the sky and sun draw out the Chi from the soil to nurture and nourish all above it.
Chi is instilled within the soil; it’s nurtured by rainfall, the sun, air, the moon, stars and night.
Trees and vegetation are symbols of Chi.
A volcano is Chi of the Earth’s centre; it’s all-powerful, but unpredictable.
There is mystery in the Chi of a volcano or an earthquake.
Bitumen concrete and buildings block the Chi of the soil.
If the soil is cared for, its Chi is abundant.  The Chi of the soil should be respected.
Infertile soils suggest those farmers or people who rely on them suffer because their soils omit inauspicious Chi, for healthy plants respond directly to the Chi of the soil. 
Chi of the soil comes from the mountains, mountains nurture and protect Chi.
Rivers and streams carry the Chi from the mountains to the plains, then onto the sea.
The Chi of the soil responds to weather or climate, slopes and drainage, winds, rain and temperature.
Chi of the land comes to us when we touch or stand above it.
We are part of the Chi of the soil.  Our health, prosperity and happiness are linked to it.  The Chi of the volcano or earthquake is all powerful.
When we cut down the trees of the soil, we take away their Chi and upset their relationship with the soil.
Trees and plants live harmoniously with the Chi of the soil.  They protect each other.
If the soil has been deliberately destroyed, the auspicious Chi of the place has also been destroyed.
Water is the companion of Chi and forms a relationship with the Chi of the soil.
The plains of Java hold, the Chi of Java.  The soil is what you step upon for your journey in life, and holds your spirit.  We should learn to use the Chi of the soil, wisely, and with care.
The mountains and the plains and rivers contain and omit the most powerful Chi and the inner Chi of the Earth, and it being the most powerful Chi and unpredictable, violent and not sympathetic to the land above it, and a reminder that Chi encompasses everything, as Allah and Prana and that of God.
‘It’s your journey and your spirit,’ thought Wil as he cast his mind back over the train trip from Surabaya and the time he penned those thoughts.
Back to present times and he understood the Sultan's Palace forms a direct line from Parangtritis on the coast to the Tonga Monument in Jogjakarta and finally, Mount Merapi.  The Palace sits on the alignment and represents the Sultan's strong relationship with the guardian spirits of Mount Merapi and the beach of Parangtritis, from the mountain to the sea encompassing all within and the coupling of spirits deep within the earth to those of the sea.
Wil was enthralled to have awoken to such a revelation, another discovery of Chi, and its relationship with the land.  There are energies of the Earth, the land, the heaven and the sea!
Wil thought he should dig into the relationship the Sultans have with their land and the land spirits.  Maybe the Sultan and all his subjects were able to find their spirits, and connect with them, and respect what each one represents; these guiding their lives and living within their realms, and able to support lives of happiness and abundance, and for so many, continuance.
He was chuffed to end his first day going back to his hotel after such a revelation about spirits.
The next day, Wil’s driver, Yoyak took him to the Hindu temple of Prambanan, built in the seventh century and majestic in its beauty and place upon the land.
His expectations were high and exciting to potentially meet with the spirits waiting for his calling.  Arriving there and the buses and market shops, maybe they too suggesting the temple is no longer a sentinel alone on the landscape, but a place for the people of Java and beyond to see, and connect with something of history and heritage.
‘Blast it, I'm not alone and thinking, I’ve joined a throng of schoolchildren and their parents or carers walking along the pathways leading towards the temple.’

There it is and rightly so, a magnificent structure of temple spires rising into the air, framing a central temple spire of magnificent proportions.  The complex no doubt once surrounded by many outbuildings and smaller temples, although now, most lay in ruins after earthquakes including the 2008 one which took away more than 5000 people.
Wil thinking, ‘The schoolchildren again, why am I so popular?  They’re all wanting to ask those questions, taking my photograph with them and practising their English on me.  Yes, I'm blessed to be in their company, with their smiles and friendly faces, but they were separating me from the spirits of Prambanan.  I was enjoying their company and after travelling alone for so long, any company was enjoyable.  Those temple spirits can wait.’
So there was Wil, walking and viewing the Prambanan structure with the Javanese people, a place of happiness, and he thinks excitement for those who haven't experienced a temple imposing itself upon the landscape.
This temple was so different to the ones of Bagan and Angkor, but the connection was there in the imagery and stories of spiritual journeys.  The murals and adornments not so significant here at this temple, maybe it is the time, or exposure to the weather, or damage from earthquakes, which dissolved their imagery.
He left Prambanan without any feeling of spiritual becoming, it wasn’t his place and it was a pity.  Such a structure commands respect and dignity and offers a willingness to open up its spirits to all who visit, maybe another time or day when he could have walked alone or possibly at sunrise or sunset when the spirits of the temple rise to meet, or return to visit the temple complex and join with the Yin of night.  Time and place have such an important link to connectedness.
Maybe if he was alone at sunrise or dusk.  Yes, then its majesty would arrive.  The temple shadows of sunset and darkness representing its past, but also it’s Yin.  The midday sun now hot and high in the sky, imaging something of Yang and doing what the sun brings for each day.  Yet Wil felt comfortable with the schoolchildren, and maybe the spirits of Prambanan were speaking through the schoolchildren, reinventing themselves for today and coming to him through the joy and happiness of the schoolchildren.
Hinduism no doubt relates to this, thought Wil
Wil’s driver asked him if he wanted to visit Candi Sambisari, or Candi Kalasan and these are a lot quieter places.  But Wil said, “No, I want to go to Parangtritis on the coast to experience the landscapes of the sea and rural ambience of the countryside between Jogjakarta and the sea.”
“We could visit one not far from here if you want to see a small Hindu temple” said the driver.
Wil said, “Okay”, as they pulled off the road.
They found the temple after travelling along a long laneway and small stores and unkempt gardens and half maintained vegetable plots.  This place had little appeal and made Wil feel downcast about what he was going to see.  Reaching the temple to find it was 6 m under the ground level and set into a rectangle containing one small rectangular stone structure.
Wil was alone at this temple, but it didn't play any messages or music.  The temple was dead in its spiritual sense or they were someone else, or hidden deep within the crevices of the stone walls.
Maybe he should check about the significance of this structure.  Why build a temple underground of ground level with one small rectangular block of stone, surrounded by low walls and lawn?
After visiting the coast and the beaches of  Parangtritis, Wil was taken back to the Dawa Hotel, thinking as they passed through beautiful landscapes of coconut and rice paddies, do I hire him for another day and go to the Dieng Plateau located about 160 km out of Jogjakarta and spend six hours each way to visit a Hindu temple or two?  The coastline seemed ragged and unkempt, the beach he walked upon contained sands of basalt in their greys and blacks.  The visitors to that beach didn’t seem to mind.
Seemed more like a task or job and maybe his journey had become an obsession to see each one, tick it off, and then onto the next.  The enjoyment of the journey wains and time is becoming measured again.  John’s message had evaded him.
‘I need to remind myself, it's the journey that creates the experience’, thought Wil.  It’s not the destination, and so many travellers get confused about the two.  They insulate themselves from the journey, and find the destination as something distinct and not being led to it and it becoming part of the journey.  Thinking, good advice to travellers is to travel on the road with the people and the journey will come to you.
‘No, blast it, I'll go to the Dieng Plateau tomorrow for the scenery, the coolness, the countryside, but not the temples.’  They were there if they come into view as part of the journey.  Besides, after visiting Borodudur and driving to Mount Merapi, the rural countryside with its rice paddies and coconut palms provide intoxicating scenery and that of dreams of tropical paradise.
Sitting on his balcony at the Dawa Guesthouse Wil thought about his Mount Merapi visit and recalled a stop he made walking across some irrigation check banks lining the paddy fields and walking along their crown into the field, the scene omitting extremely powerful Chi, and that of ‘sheng’ or auspiciousness, so positive and beneficial to the land and the earth.  ‘Sha’ or inauspicious Chi on this occasion had gone somewhere else that day, for the Yin of the place is higher and in complete harmony with the Yang of the sunlight.  A perfect mixture of light and shadows, shapes and colours, sounds, smells, movement and climatic ambience, all in unity and creating something special to be present in that place at that time.

This land and its spirits were there waiting for those to connect with them, they are bountiful spirits, drawing in those who experience them, and so different to the spirits accompanying busy streets of Jogjakarta or that untidy laneway leading up to the 6 metre underground small Hindi temple.
Maybe it was the smoky haze of the afternoon sun filtering the light through the coconut groves or the emerald green of the newly established rice, these fertile lands in the foothills of Mount Merapi abundant and worthy of a postcard image, and one day, they too likely to be covered again in ash from a fresh eruption from the Mount Merapi volcano.  Yang will come to show its face and displace the Yin, a cycle of permanence and transition for the land and what it holds.  The land remains forever.  It’s only we humans who are passing through.
Time for a whisky and iced water and taking it easy at the Dawa guesthouse.
Bali
Denpasar and Bali beckoning and the easiest way to get there from Jogjakarta, is fly.  An airline ticket through Lion or Garuda for about US$100 saved time and energy, and saved a convoluted alternative to transverse the island of Java by public bus.  Wil thought about taking a public bus to the city of Danang and its temples and feeling something of its calling, for it was John's place.  No, time wouldn’t permit it.
Denpasar Airport in Bali and outside into streets clogged with cars and motorbikes.  Kuta and Legion now places for foreigners and Balinese people have attached themselves to them for jobs and money.  The foreigner for many Balinese is replacing their need to farm and lead traditional rural lifestyles and the deep spirituality Balinese people have with their landscapes.
Bali is changing for those who have visited before, but for those visiting for the first time, it's still Bali, and place for fun and enjoyment and Balinese people only too willing to ensure that outcome.
Wil was off to Sanur and back to the Laghawa Beach Inn on the esplanade, shops and plenty of places to eat.  It's quite, unlike the bustle of Kuta and Legion, for Sanur is more suitable for middle-aged people that leave their grown-up children at home or families enjoying quiet times.
Sanur is about 20 minutes by car, if lucky, from the airport.  Sanur is home for some consulates, including Australia, and home for Made Wijava’s villa he visited before with his companion, Pam.  He was returning to the place of enjoyment and her memories flooding back to him as he walked into the hotel.
This time to relax and meditate about his journeys and again visit gardens, only this time to photograph and take notes on styles and ideas he can copy.  Bali becomes a place for inspiration and new ideas to emerge.
Putu his driver suggested coming to his place on the Thursday because there’s a ceremony and the people of his village dress up and take offerings to their village temple.  He said “Wil, it will be your memorial experience of Bali and something very close to Balinese people.”
“Thanks, Putu, I'll be in on that.”  Thinking his last day in Bali was that Thursday, and Friday he caught his flight home, and understanding, over the coming weekend Balinese people would return to be at home with their family and village.

Wil spent plenty of time on this trip in Sanur, a walking holiday and walked on many occasions along the promenade out the front of his hotel, stretching north to the Bali Hilton and South past the Bali Hyatt Hotel towards the harbour.  It's an interesting walk, but along the promenade walkers have to duck bicycles which are becoming a nuisance alongside the many stallholders wanting him to buy something.  It was gardens he came to look at and he did so from first morning to fading light.  Visiting resort styled gardens lining the promenade and beyond, returning at night to notice their Chi resonating and becoming elevated through strategically placed lighting which bounced light off embellishments, plants and pathways to help create a true Balinese ambience.
Balinese landscapes like to use decoration or embellishments.  They frequently contain images of a Buddha or an image, sometimes Fu dogs or sacred images placed either side of entry points to ward off evil spirits and protect the auspicious spirits inside.
The diversity of ideas are unlimited by the imagination of the person creating the image.  Lighting styles and objects of unusual design set to display their intriguing character.  Some lighting is simply placed in an urn with its opening pointing towards the base of the tree and the light arching its way into its lower trunk and branches.  Lighting placed in stone or concrete moulded lanterns of many styles, features and sizes, offering mystery and diversity and these adornments symbolising something of the Balinese lifestyle and recreational landscape.
Tropical or warm temperate plants make tropical gardening easy.  Plant stocks are readily available through the many nurseries located throughout Bali, and these are able to offer an instant profusion of shapes, sizes and colour.
Landscaping here is so easy when the palate of plants on offer becomes only limited by the size of the area to be landscaped, the budget of course, and competition for space within the site and influence of the range and plant numbers to be used.  Their ease of purchase and cheapness make it so easy to create gardens of wonderment.  Bali is an ideal place to create the instant garden.
Balinese landscapes don't seem to crowd out the areas available.  They set a framework for open space inside and free it up by mixing functions with movements of light and shadow.  Filtering the sun is important in the tropical garden, but not saturating the site with too much shade and dampening its Chi.
Colour is also important in the Balinese garden; free open colours in their reds, yellows, blues and whites, strong vibrant colours to invoke life and not saturating the site with too much colour to confuse the eye.  The garden also a place for contentment and connection, so it's Yin or feminine side is maintained.  For Yang symbolises masculinity and intrusion, and imaged as such and controlled or ordered in its placement.
But many gardens to Wil's eyes, were old gardens, poorly maintained, tired and their Chi waning.
Tropical gardens need regular maintenance and refurbishment, possibly more so than cooler climate gardens or those containing deciduous trees.  Cutting back and shaping shrubs are important in most display landscapes or organising their presentation so an individual plants natural shape and form conforms to whatever surrounds it.
Grouping and clustering shrubs to lock them together in profusion is a common landscape theme of tropical Balinese gardens, ensuring the mixtures of shapes, colours and form, including positioning, evokes a sense of mystery and complexity.
Wil enjoyed the design and complexity of the resort gardens.  He thought he was well equipped to flout his new-found ideas, especially reinventing or rejuvenating tired resort gardens using his developing ideas about Chi flow and enhancement.  He thought of the words, ‘Chi them up’, but how would he be able to frame those words to gain the confidence of the landscape owners, and for all he knew, these were new words!
The resorts tending to set their landscapes so their customers can lie back beside the swimming pool areas and take in the sun.  Their users take it easy during the day relaxing around the pool on reclining wooden chairs or spending time on the beach, then the evening preparing themselves for long dinners, maybe a walk and drinks into the cooler and more pleasant nights. Summer heat is stifling and forces people into cooler places.  The landscape works for the resort owners, and Wil thought that was all they were interested in.
One day he took a day trip into the rural countryside which seemed a good way to spend a day.  Heading by car up towards Ubud after travelling along the coast a bit from Sanur, getting the driver to wander roads into villages and stop so Wil could walk alongside rice paddy fields and photograph their imagery with coconuts in the background.
Of interest were the fields of tobacco which seemed to be replacing that of rice.  Lush productive fields ever present in their deep greens and contained within the boundaries of their owners, and owners willing to offer their farms for competition with others as best in the village.  Their Chi was lush and inviting.
Balinese people living traditional lives away from Kuta and Legion and these traditional lives evoke a sense of that of harmony with their land.  Although the mobile phone is always present, as is the motorbike and electricity to reach their homes, and possibly within, a television, maybe a computer, electric fans and a refrigerator.  These modern day technologies need money to service and maintain them, and the village people having to extract something more from their land than they did before.
This connection and with it come a slow conversion to Western civilisations.  Maybe, thought Wil, that's the enemy of the Balinese spirits.  It is the West's spirits brought into Bali by the mobile phone and motorbike and these displacing the spirit of the land which patiently reside and have kept the Balinese people so close to them for so long.  Spirits which are loyal to the Balinese people as the Balinese people are loyal to them.
Wil visited places of burial in the villages and their general untidiness, more like a village dump site than a place to transport a Balinese spirit elsewhere.
He thought how just it was to live by the spirits of a place and reside within their influence and that of nature's powers.  Here in Bali, the powers of the mountain reaching to the sea, that of the Sun, Moon and stars, and powers of the wind and rain or things which were beyond the control of the Balinese people, and they respecting their presence.
Wednesday came around and village activity in Sanur was on the up, the making of decorations, some attached to bamboo canes for placement at the entries to places of business, the daily offerings becoming more elaborate and frequently refreshed, and the burning of incense and presentations of flowers such as the Hibiscus or Frangipani.

Putu had arranged with Wil to be picked up and have lunch with his family and them visiting the village temple.  Putu arriving with some clothes for Wil, saying you have to be dressed as we, including a white embroiled long sleeve shirt, knitted scarf for the midriff, and a sarong.  The clothing was enough to transport Wil from the West to the East for a moment, and connectedness with the Balinese people.  Preparation of the mind is a good start to join with spirits.
The village Putu took Wil into was located about halfway between Ubud and Sanur, and ironically a village Wil had walked within during his day in the countryside.  He remembered the temple complex and its size in proportion to other buildings in the village.
Putu welcomed him into their home.  Putu's wife is a schoolteacher, and Putu himself making extra dollars teaching English to Balinese.  Putu's background unknown other than he was working part-time for the hotel as a driver, and Wil finding that the car they used belonged to Putu.
The visit to the temple came before a light lunch in their home with the two children and the family dressing in their finest, Wil looking the part in his ceremonial clothes.  There was no ceremony at the temple, but friendliness and smiles and welcoming.  Putu's family were well known and liked and Wil was not discourteous to interrupt or impose.  Their offerings were blessed alongside of kneeling for prayer and anointment, and the placement of a few grains of rice on the forehead.  A solemness in the ceremony as people of the village came and went, but also of happiness as they relate to one another on either side of their visit.
A sense of harmony and connectedness was prevailing, the burning of incense, ceremony, images of the shrine, fruit and flowers, food, colour, chatter in the background and the sun cast overhead.  Wil had joined with them.
Wil was grateful for the opportunity and thanked Putu as they drove back to the hotel, grateful for a taste of the real Bali and it’s still alive and well.  ‘The spirit is in the place’, thought Wil.
Pai
His trip back to Australia was uneventful, a three-hour drive from the airport south along the Pacific Highway.  Returning once again to the chair and table on his veranda and enjoying a cup of tea, being welcomed by his neighbours again and feeling at home.  No garden to care for, no lawn to mow, mail box was full, but nothing of consequence and Betty still not going to the solicitors, if the mail was any answer.
He didn't feel like talking to John again, not just yet, pleased at the photos he took and pleased to talk to Simon and Sally again.  They okay and telling him their mother was also fine.  His father's investments also in the doldrums, but a dividend stream suitable to keep his bank balance in the black.  He was better off financially to travel as the backpackers do, then take a week or two holidaying within a resort on the Gold Coast of Australia!
‘What next?  A job in Coffs Harbour negligible, relocating back to Brisbane just doesn't seem feasible’, another destination nowhere was calling him, and winter was sitting in.
Cold southerlies blowing along the east coast bringing daytime and night-time temperatures down including some intermittent rain.
Wil heard of a place called Pai located outside of Chiang Mai in Thailand.  Pai was a place to chill out in and of course, for him, being inexpensive and presently warm, wet and humid.  This would be his last trip and a time to think through things and maybe a direction surfacing to where, to what and when.
Flying via Royal Brunei this time out of Brisbane through to Bangkok, then Thai to Chiang Mai, so he took it, and it was his third trip this year, too many, but now accustomed to airports and waiting in them, finding hotels, places to eat and keeping healthy, travelling with people and doing things most people his age, wished they had done or should have done.
Backpackers today or budget travellers have the world as their oyster.  Backpackers have access to cheap air flights, plenty of accommodation options, local transport easily identified using the Internet, and today Googling aerials of places to access virtual street scenes and mappings, using the computer for links to travel advisories, travel forums, things to see, things not too, and currencies in countries like Australia, strong enough to increase their affordability.
Another trip, another drive to Brisbane, leaving the Toyota RAV4 at the storage facility, shuttle to Brisbane International Terminal, a long wait until nearly 1AM and flight to Brunei.  A five-hour wait within an inadequate and antiquated terminal, then an hour or so flight to Bangkok.  Bangkok presents a gigantic and energetic terminal then another long wait for a flight to Chiang Mai.
Chang Mai seems a destination that every day travellers seem to visit some time in their wandering.  It is cooler than Bangkok, always green and progressive and the architectural character of the central part of the city seems to remain intact.  Chiang Mai has plenty of streets to walk along and so many places on offer to shop or eat.  Chiang Mai known for its Night Bazaar, and the Sunday Market located next to the Old Gates, and these markets forever popular for visitors to mingle with others, sitting somewhere for a taste of local cuisine, strolling along the street or footpath for browsing, and plenty of options for gifts or helping to fill a luggage bag.
But Wil wasn't staying in Chang Mai and next morning he was off by minivan to Pai, a hill country village located about three hours up in the mountain ranges between Chang Mai and the Myanmar border.  Pai is cooler than Chang Mai and destination of sorts for backpackers.  They drift in for a few days to check it out.  Pai is a place with plenty of accommodation, good food, plenty of places to sit and have a drink, and cheap motorbikes to climb aboard and meander into the countryside.  Some visit to take trekking tours, join with an elephant camp or go white-water rafting.
Pai has about 400 to 500 permanent residents boosted in part by expats from all parts of the world who visit and remain here, its population doubling in the high season between October and May.
Pai was cool and wet when Wil visited in August, with quite streets and low season accommodation rates, food still versatile and nutritious, and remaining a place for those seeking a balanced relaxing and healthy lifestyle.
Wil, reflected about his journeys after he settled into a rented villa located beside the Pai River, allowing his thoughts to return to conversations with John at Woopy, and thinking it was John’s words that fostered a journey into spirituality.  But, instead it had become a journey to understand something of himself.
A cleansing of one life, his soul, and emptying of that life bound by 20 or so square kilometres. Emptying one soul bound, constrained and tethered, and discovering another soul wanting something different, a meaning to attach with.
Wil’s work and thoughts had been experimenting with the East using tentacles of Feng Shui in his landscape architectural practice. But, he really knew nothing about its inner meanings.  Feng Shui gave him an introduction to something new, and before leaving Toowong, his office, Betty and home, he was already crossing over and starting the process; arriving unannounced at Woolgoolga to continue the process.  The words, ‘crossing over’ seemed an apt way to describe something of his journeys.
He was questioning his understanding of spirituality, Feng Shui, and Chi.  They opened his eyes to other energies and spirits.  But, how do energies and spirits come to us?  Is it through the eyes, words, actions and presence of others?  For example, spirits emerging as we become content to sit passively and listen, accepting the words of a preacher in a Church, or spirits experienced elsewhere, such as attending a Mosque, Buddhist temple or Synagogue, and we captive to their appeal?
Can spirits come to us through nature and we call their coming as something of eco spirituality?  But, eco spirituality could be the wrong term because it tends to describe something ecologically sterile or something wrapped in scientific jargon, rather than a spiritual connection coming through something simple, such as listening to the call of a bird, and realising the calling of a bird is about connectedness to nature.
These scenarios going through Wil’s mind while sitting upon his veranda looking across the Pai River and mountains beyond, they tempered in mist.  The gurgling sounds of the river his only disturbance.
Maybe, it is of nature and connecting to it in its simplest form, nothing of science or ecologically motivated, just simple things like observing a bird calling or flying overhead, the scene itself of river, misty mountain, the thatched roofs of huts and cabins, and a cloudy grey sky.
Those who preach eco-spiritualism as a religion or science surely have not been touched by the simple things of nature.  But, instead they cloak the experience in scientific garb built on fact and knowledge, for they haven't taken a journey such as Wil’s, to explore a place’s mysteries, unknowns and horizons.
Wil was finding himself immersed in spiritual mesh mash, chasing rainbows and happenings or awakenings of biblical proportions.  There is no thunderclap, lightning flash or voices from heaven.  For Wil, it was something of discovery, disappointment and an unknown becoming a known, an opening to the worlds of spirits.
Sitting on his veranda at Pai created an opportunity for Wil to question himself and his journey further.  He became accompanied to the sounds of the river, people present and sound of hammers on wood and steel, they disturbing, but the tranquil sounds of the river ever present and the mountains behind, always still.  Sound has such a presence and no doubt it carries the spirits of the moment.
Mist still floating between gullies and teasing their way up onto the ridges, a cluster of ridges and peaks, some perfectly rounded, symbolising the Metal element, other ridges sharp and pointed representing the Fire element, some flat representing the Earth and some ridges folding up as a cone representing Wood while other ridges symbolise a wave and that of the Water element.
Wil was looking across the river to a group of mountains containing the Five Elements, and the mountain images were auspicious.  The energies of this place were elevated and Wil was caught up within them.
Yet, within these places, Wil was entering a world of his own making.
Another world, just him alone, not lonely, just himself eradicating the disturbances, just himself taking in the energies of his surroundings in a pure sense and moment in time, when within this place, his senses align to connect with the spiritual energy of this place and that including the disturbing noises of man.
There is something strange about the spirit of a place.  They wait out there, but you have to come to them, leaving one world to enter another.  They wait and call and await your preparation for them.
Thinking about a Minister of God preaching from a pulpit in a Church, or Cleric within a Mosque, or Rabi within a Synagogue, and whatever form is taken, they allow the spirit of their surroundings to call on those present and join with them, their congregation caught up in its momentum and the group distancing itself from another world outside.
The devotees or maybe just ordinary people, accepting the spirits as part of that place and abiding by that places rules and protocols, such as kneeling in prayer, singing a verse from a hymn or becoming part of a chant.  The spirits have come to them.
They have allowed themselves to become totally absorbed by the spirits and for them it's a spiritual pathway of acceptance, and while under the influences of those spirits, they become attuned to them and accept what the spirits ask of them.  To them, it is of Connectedness.
A break from all this thinking and sketching his thoughts onto a notebook, having a cup of tea, some toast and back into the real world.
Another thought and questioning, ‘when do energies such as Chi, become spirits?  The question good or is this notion a lot of baloney?’
The River Pai works its way not far from Wil's veranda and is now running swiftly from the rain in its catchment.  Morning time and the sun nowhere to be seen, hiding behind heavy cloud and shadows, they listless and the river gurgling, swirling and coursing its way past the villa Wil is renting, then flowing onto places, unknown.
  
No breezes to disturb leaves on the trees and birdlife quiet as the morning moves into the day.  The Chi of the place is elevated, its Yin and Yang at peace with each other, neither wanting to assert itself.  It's a place of peacefulness and harmony.  For Yin is in dominance symbolised through the cloud cover and the overbearing greens and wood visible through the foliage of the gardens, the trees of the valley and cloaked mountains.  Yang awaits and is content.
‘Sha’ or inauspicious Chi was provoked but not imposing enough, other than the sound of a motorbike and hammer on wood, somewhere.  Sounds the only ‘sha’ intrusion to this place and Wil asking himself, can the Chi of this place become something spiritual?
Yes, he thought.  But only when he asked his mind to crossover a boundary into a spiritual coexistence with his surroundings, its parts viewed and melting into a hue or apparition, mindfulness and tuning into the passivity of the scene blotting out everything else, and he alone….. with its spirits.
The spiritual energy of a place is clawing its way to be part of something all-powerful and maybe represent the ultimate connection, that of the mind with a place, and overcoming that of Chi, an energy.
Ripples, on the surface of the river, an ever-changing turbulence of eddies and swirls, they never to be repeated over all time.  This journey for the water in the river, never to be re-enacted again…forever.  Different water replacing the water that passes by in each instant.  There is something unique, Zen, and gazing at the water, its spiritual harmony becoming captivating and evoking.
Something spiritual about it all, each ripple and swirl an individual, each splash of white water upon the surface, an individual and never to be repeated.  The intensity of the scene unwinding and Wil’s mind focused, blotting out all other intrusions for pure connectedness to the place, it being something special and of spiritual harmony.
Wow, if what he saw and appreciated was a spiritual moment, it’s connectedness to nature, and a God amplified by connection to nature.
Wil thinking, ‘if we get a chance to sit on a seat beside or underneath a tree and wait and watch for a single leaf to fall, it’s taking its only journey, its life as part of the tree becoming extinguished as it is caste out alone, a new life, spiralling, swirling, fluttering in the air, a start to another journey and eventually, an ending.’
‘Each spiral or swirl as it falls towards the ground becomes unique and never to be repeated, and only for that single leaf, in all of time, we able to witness a happening, never to be repeated.  The leaf as it spirals downwards, responds and influenced by the breezes or air it passes through, light moving across its surface, its shadow reflected there somewhere on the ground, ever-changing as the leaf on its journey, descends.’
‘Its journey ending when the leaf joins with other leaves on the ground’s surface, then starting another journey, and that to become part of the Earth and the Earth underneath, and over time its energy harnessed by the tree, its energy rewarded by its connection with the Earth, an energy to be transported back into the air, possibly recreated as another leaf.’
‘Watching that leaf is unique’ thought Wil.  Mindfulness is playing games, and becoming a spiritual moment in time, as much as anything else.
Spirit of a Place
Wil took a break from those deep thoughts.  He was uplifted, something like an American parishioner at a gospel singing, reaching another plane of utopia, and spiritual in its pure essence.  Not to be bottled, but experienced for the moment.  Nature could offer as that as the Gods of the Church.
Pai and its narrow streets, restaurants and souvenir shops, motor bike rental outlets and guesthouses dotted around the town.  Pai is a laid back place for many foreigners who visit the town, stay in the countryside and bike into town in the late afternoon or evening for a meal and drink.
Wil met a group of expats from different parts of the planet, including a couple of Aussies, a New Zealander, a Yank, Pom, and lady from South America.  All seem to be leading contented lives.  They believe in good health and organic foods, and two or three times each week, visited a sauna not far from town.
Wil was asked to join them.  He did and walked to the sauna, sitting with them in the 39 to 41 C heat and taking in the aroma of Eucalyptus leaves and herbal mix placed into the steam, sweat leaving the body, drinking plenty of bottled water and chatting about places visited or lived within.  Wil was becoming one of their group and thinking this place called Pai could easily become his next home.  Maybe, although Pai like many places in S E Asia attract people from other countries, and for some become their homes.
Something about Pai makes people want to relax and unwind.  It's a no hassle place visited by backpackers on their journeys, and visitors who have heard about it along with expats of other countries who live here and call it home.
Sitting back on his veranda at the Pai River Villas in Pai, Wil was thinking about some deep things.
He was wondering if there is a link between our stage in life or life journey and our ability to receive the images and spirits of our surroundings.  We always taking in the energies that happen every moment of our life, but the spiritual energies, they become the question mark.
Thinking, ‘a child will see and respond to the energies of its surroundings differently than an adult, they being the same surroundings, but a different reaction and conversely, an adult will view those surroundings differently as a child would.’
‘An adult will view a landscape or historical site differently because the adult is prepared or knowledgeable or willing to receive the energies on offer, while the child able to accept the energies for their pureness or simpleness.’  
A child is likely to open their minds up to take them in and on Wil’s journey to Gallipoli, his vision of its landscapes were of a spiritual sense because he had read something of the Gallipoli campaign, his guide that day telling the group about the hostilities which occurred at the places they visited.  A young child, if it was to accompany their group, might become bored, just looking at all that woody scrub.’
Wil was thinking of disabled people, mentally disabled ones who seem to simplify their surroundings and eradicate its complexities.  Their minds pure and not filled with the crap we fill our minds with, and they more likely to have a spiritual or emotional association with a place than ourselves.  Do they feel the spirits when they are happy?
The place and its spirits mean different things to people who visit and become part of them.
‘Maybe, it's the energies of the place we connect to.’
This has bugged him a lot.
‘What's the difference between a spiritual presence and energy such as Chi or Qi or Prana?  Either cannot be seen or touched or connected to by quantification or measurement.  Such energies lie in our minds and come to us when we tune into them.’
‘The energy it takes to move from one place to another can be measured, but what of the energies that draw all the parts of that place together?  Surely they attach and relate to each other.  We really know nothing about those kinds of energies.  The ancient Chinese and Taoist cultures knew.  Things respond to what's influencing and surrounding them.  Relationships we have with our surroundings and a need to remain within those surroundings; guide our energies, but also the spirits.’
Whatever the scenario, such thinking becomes deep.
Is the spiritual association we have with things done within the brain, it receiving signals and storing them as something that has no apparent logic or reasoning?
An emotional response and linked into the mind as such.
Wil was thinking ‘We can’t be spiritually empowered unless energies come to us as something unique.  Our minds receive and convert them into something of logic, emotion, static or creative parts of the mind.  Spirits, surely, are something else’.
‘Maybe our mind interprets those signals based on intuition or something locked into our physic or within our genes.  When does our mind make up its mind for those signals to become spiritual or of an emotion that cannot be reasoned with?  Or are those signals extinguished or vanquished because the logic part of our brain remains in dominance and control?  Do we need to be conditioned?’
Wil thinking again, ‘Maybe logic has become the culprit that deters our deeper and emotional attachment to things, and spirituality sitting out there waiting for the signals to call it up.  Maybe, that’s why people are different.  Spirits come to special people and possibly those who are able to call to them’.
Ruminating, if that's a term, Wil was doing just that, connecting on his veranda at the villa beside the Pai River.  Thinking about the spirits of a place and they relaying the true qualities of a place or what gives a place…… significance.
‘Is it its Chi or Qi or is it a spiritual energy or something relating to a places history, an expectation awaiting us, an aura, majesty, uniqueness, mystery, charm or complexity?’
‘Maybe all of these, but is it the relationship between nature and the things and creatures that make up and use a place, including ourselves?  Mankind's sensitivity and respect to a place or abuse, and using that place for destruction, in part, all.’
‘No doubt, history has a part to play.  History relates something of the spirit of the place and sets the frame for observing the place.’
But the spirit has to come from somewhere, having its origins somewhere in time and space.
Death or tragedy is something we can attach to.  A place’s spirit locked to an event where sacrifice of the highest order was made and the spirits of that time and spirits still present had Wil thinking about Gallipoli, and the sunken holes in the ground Wil visited just outside of Phnom Penh in Cambodia.  Or maybe it’s that cross set beside a roadway and scar upon a tree.
Yet there is another side to it.  A natural place, nature, it untouched by human hand, and the things making up that space, untouched; omit their special energies, and collectively the space has a spiritual empathy with all things within.
And there's another part.  Wil was thinking everything within a place has a spirit and accepting what John of Woopy described.  The Zen thing and singularly any objects spirit is there to connect with.  A place is a myriad of spirits reacting with each other, resonating, communicating, competing, in harmony or not, dominating or suppressing.  But, they are there, always there, but how do we reach them?
All interesting stuff, and the mood of all things as they are born and grow, have an influence on what surrounds them, then like all things before them, they wain, fragment and disperse.  Suggesting in natural places, spirits transcend, arise then dissipate to be replaced by what follows.  A spirit has no perpetual hold on a place.  They capture a moment in time and place.
The spirit is about time and place.  Something so simple but the two words meant so much.
Our relationships with the spirits of a natural place or what Wil suspects any place, respond with our ability or willingness to communicate with them.  Wil thought animals including birds are able to directly resonate with their surroundings and part of that relationship is infused into them and possibly, guide their life.  Some sort of spiritual power exists to guide all of that, or is it energy?
‘That's interesting’, thought Wil, ‘but where to go from here?’
If we accept the spirit of the place is in everything, each thing within, each radiating its energy and accepting everything is connecting to each other, it’s these energies that project the spirit of the place, and he was able to see it in nature.
But what is nature, it's just a word?
Does it represent the natural wilderness of something untouched by mankind or does nature include man-made worlds and places where people inside of them are acting naturally?  A man-made world becomes natural to those who have live their whole life within the confines of a city such as Bangkok in Thailand or Seoul in South Korea.
Others can't comprehend that, and nature for them has to be raw and untouched and a place where mankind hasn’t intruded, but where do we fit into the landscape, aren't we a natural creature?
So there has to be something different when someone says, ‘I saw it in nature’, and thinking it can be about natural things and landforms which are intact, and mankind can intrude, but not dominate.
We can share it, tolerate each other, and we are not permanently forcing our will over our surroundings.
We have the bulldozer and chainsaw to do that, but they are forever quiet or distant.  Their ability to change the landscape, muted.  Instead, those who visit are able to share something such as the gentle coursing of the River Pai running outside Wil’s veranda, a breeze gently moving leaves on a tree, and a bird, free to move across the sky….. different energies, different spirits.
There's a spiritual pathway to connect with and absorb something of nature.  It can be in our garden and landscape, and Wil thought about those gardens where nature and mankind's co-existence is in harmony and the spirits of those gardens are able to come and meet with its users.
‘Could it be done?’ thought Wil, and yes, he thought it could and he'd go back to Australia and write about it, a small book, possibly relaying his thoughts about the spirits of a garden.  He’d put it on the internet.
He was onto something at last, a course for his life.
There's a spiritual pathway to connect with and absorb something of nature.  Our relationships present in history and knowledge used to free and condition the mind and nurture that feeling.
Yet in some places, mankind deeds and history sought to conquer nature, and they did, and their civilisations have become lost in time.  Lost, and nature as it once was home, changed from provider to that of conqueror of the intrusion upon it.  Food no longer could be grown, rivers and streams dry, top soil blown away, tree cover gone, and the presence of birds, animals and insects, no longer present.  Nature had claimed back what was and always is hers, for she is host, bosom to life, Yin in competition with Yang, and a balance there in place, in time, forever.
‘There's a message in this’ thought Wil.  ‘We need to be a partner with nature, not as a foe.  Instead, we should relate side-by-side and create a spiritual bonding between the two, becoming a treaty that cannot be broken.’
Connectedness is an acceptance or rejection of a place.  Connectedness affects the moods and mingling of its spirits.
A places spirits become the place itself, as a moment in time.  They don’t transgress, but change to meet the moment.  Deeper spirits capture a moment and transfix it into the mind as something special.  The experience becomes locked into a moment in time, and the place becomes that moment, and acceptance to it.
The mind has to be clean and open, and free to receive it.
In a way we take a journey in four parts.  The first, a journey from innocence, the second, to that of conqueror of nature or our surroundings, thirdly, to understanding, seek repair, and learn to connect with.  Finally, a fourth stage, and that is of a spiritual abiding to nature, our surroundings and as such we become one, and reach ‘Connectedness’.  ‘Connectedness’ becomes the word that bridges the final gap.
Wil was thinking, ‘This is the journey of mankind and maybe some still are content to conquer their surroundings, while others hopefully learn to understand, and seek repair and connect to them.  A few of us, but growing in numbers, have crossed over to something of a spiritual connection, the ultimate connection.  We and our surroundings become one.’


