


Wet Medicine Dreams

By
Kim Campion




Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2013 by Kim Campion
All Rights Reserved.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents


The Prospector
Silver Sand
Bat Turd Crazy
Wet Medicine Dreams
Chiye-Tanka
Extant
Surgery
Alien Hot Tub
Pelagos



The Prospector
1885


The man was alone when it happened. He was sluicing for gold in Northern California, near Mt. Shasta. A friend of his had found an egg sized gold nugget in Rusty Creek the year previous and only told him about it. The friend had died that spring of consumption and left him his claim. The man had been friends with that other man since they were boys growing up in a small town in Central California. They’d bonded when they were ten and together beat the shit out of the local neighborhood psychopath who was killing all the friendly neighborhood cats and doing weird things with their body parts out in the fields. The psycho was two years older than them and already freakishly covered in hair but they were brave enough to tell him to stop what he was doing. He challenged them and told them to fuck off but they both hit him until he was on the ground crying and yelling for them to stop. They didn’t hurt him anymore and he quit hurting the cats. The psycho boy actually ended up as a decorated volunteer Civil War veteran who fought for the Union and in the early seventies even survived an attempted scalping. Probably because he learned his lesson with the cat skinning is why he didn’t have to lose his own. He’d accrued a little mercy karma. Incidentally, the Indians weren’t the ones to start scalping. Some perverted white people invented that and sent the scalps home as souvenirs, even sewed them on dolls heads. The Indians only started scalping in retaliation.
Anyhow, the man had been working the claim for six months by himself. His only company was his lady mule Bernice. Bernice had developed an infection in the frog of her foot and though it was healed, it left her lame and unable to carry a pack. The foot still bothered her because she would put all her weight on the other leg and sometimes whicker softly when it was aching. The man still groomed her and talked to her every day and kept her as a companion. Bernice liked to hang out next to him while he squatted at the sluice box and watched anxiously for gold nuggs to appear in the slatted twigs that were fitted into the bottom of the sluice.
The man had built the sluice box himself and was proud of it. It was constructed with scrub oak and was four feet long and a foot and a half wide. It was basically a shallow wooden trough with little ponderosa pine carved ribs fitted into the bottom of it. The man put the trough into the stream and poured dirt he’d dug up from around the claim into the wider end of it that was facing upstream. The water would wash the sediment down the trough and into the creek, hopefully leaving behind heavier items like gold stuck in the wooden ribs at the bottom of the sluice. So far nothing though. He was getting worried because he’d only found one tiny granule of gold encased in clear quartz. It wasn’t worth enough to even take to town. He would have given it to a lady friend if he’d had one but the whores cost money.
The man had spent all his money on a certain prostitute and bags of beans and flour and sugar when he’d first come out to the claim. This one prostitute in the old dusty saloon he’d begun to fall in love with. They had shared some laughs in her bed. She teased him for not being able to drink as much she could. One time he’d found her passed out in the horse watering trough close to high noon. It was some work to pull her out because her horse hair bustle had soaked up all the water. It gave him cause for concern. Last time he’d been to town he found out she’d died. She’d shat the bed and died from some kind of seizure. He went to her funeral. After that Bernice got lame and he quit going into town. He subsisted on squirrel meat and fish and some berries and plants. Acorns when he felt like mashing them and boiling them forever to get the poison out. Instead of having sex he cleaned his pistol repeatedly.
One night it was a full moon and he was sluicing by the light of it. He’d already put Bernice to bed. She had a blanket and slept standing up next to his own bed in the little cabin. He didn’t hear any noises at first except for the crackle of gravel pouring into the box and the creek water washing it down. Absentmindedly he fingered the slats for the heavier chunks that he dreamed wouldn’t end up being rocks but gold. Then he looked up and saw a silver disk hovering over him and the creek. His eyes widened and then the disk moved over the grass next to the cabin and landed there. It had no legs supporting it, it seemed to silently defy gravity. Or it had invisible legs because it was very solidly situated about eight inches above the grass.
The man was afraid but also bored and lonely. He secretly welcomed a potentially propitious or calamitous event. A door opened in the craft and a beautiful bald woman stepped out of it. She was very tall and slender and willowy, about six foot five. Her skin was smooth and palish grey. The man just stood in the creek water and was looking at her. She telepathically communicated to him that she would like to couple with him. He was sure now he was dreaming but did not want to wake up. He walked through the water and met her in the grass. His head came up to just below her breasts. She had two of them and the nipples were full and hard and pointing to her homeland. She kneeled down so he could get one in his mouth and then she laid down so he could put his penis inside her. She felt better than any human woman he had ever made love to and when he spilled his seed she shuddered and her large pale iris-less eyes sent wonderful energy into his own. They lay there in the grass for hours.
He stroked her long smooth limbs that reminded him of a dolphin’s flesh he’d once pet in the ocean when he was swimming as a boy. She ran her skinny fingers through his hair. They had a lovely tine together. Before she left, she telepathically told him the sluice box was killing all the fish in the creek by muddying the water. She psychically showed him the suffocating fish underwater. Then two shiny objects came levitating out of the open door of the spaceship and landed at his feet. They were smooth chunks of gold the size of a watermelon. They then broke into pieces, tumbling into hundreds of marble sized balls of gold and she explained that this was so he could carry a small amount of them safely into town, and bury a goodly portion of them if he desired. She started walking back to the ship. Wait, he told her in his mind. Then he felt shy but he asked anyway. Will you heal my mule he asked her.
She disappeared and then the man heard a surprised whicker in the cabin. Within a few moments the craft was gone. It didn’t sound like a machine it just silently moved upwards and then sideways over the water and then was gone. The man went into his cabin. Bernice showed him her foot. It was strong and true again.
Let’s buy a beachhouse said the man.
The man was rich now. He lived a long and full life by the sea. His neighbors wondered why he never married. But they didn’t know he had a secret long distance relationship. And that it had even born fruit. He went up in the spaceship many times and his alien wife showed him their children. At first he was worried because they were suspended in see-through jars like a deformed piglet he’d once seen floating in a jar of formaldehyde at a state fair. But when he beckoned to them through the glass-like material their eyes snapped open and they waved at him excitedly. Eventually they hatched out of their jars and he got to hold them and play with them and give them rides on Bernice.



Silver Sand


It is the early 1870’s. In the desert of the Arizona Territory where a silver mining boomtown is growing. It is early morning like three thirty am. It is still dark but there is a near full moon. A little girl is kneeling in the sand. She walked about three quarters of a mile from her home in town to get to this place. There is sand for miles, the desert stretches for miles and giant ancient cactuses called Saguaros are growing there. She is kneeling at a circular place. It is just a circle of sand, nothing is growing there just smooth whitish yellowish sand. The round shape of it is delineated because Saguaros are growing near it, in fact all around it, forming a very large ring. And they are much bigger than the others some distance away. These Saguaros look like redwoods. In the center of the circle a pale glittering silver blue light is shining out of the sand. It looks like a spotlight they will be shining in the night skies during movie premieres in a few short decades from then. It is a vivid silvery blue color and inside the light it looks like it is alive. The little girl is about eight and she is kneeling quietly beside it.
A few days later a freakshow came to town. Two horses pulled a small covered wagon with lurid red letters emblazoned across the canvas : “See The Snake Boy! Hisssssss…………”
The girl was so excited and asked her brother if she could go. The girl lived with her brother in the center of town above the sheriff’s office. They lived up there because her brother was the newly appointed sheriff of their burgeoning town and he was busy. Recent arrestable transgressions included the raping and beating of a whore, the theft of three horses, murder in the course of an attempted theft of a miner’s recent gains, attempted murder of four cowboy brothers who were transporting a small cattle herd to the newly constructed train depot along with subsequent attempted theft of said cattle, and drunken disorderly conduct with an attempt to disrupt a card game.
Her brother had assumed responsibility of the girl when their parents both succumbed to influenza three winter’s previous. Well his mom had already died much earlier when he was still a teenager. Then his father remarried and that wife bore the little girl. A few years later the father and new wife were both dead as well. Her brother was a good sheriff but he was a little bitter about these turn of events and sometimes found his job to be a heavy one. For example, he had previously bedded the whore who was raped and liked her a lot. He had shot her attacker dead when the transgressor drew on him and the sheriff was deep down very glad he had. He was also under pressure because the drought had killed some of the cattle herds and folks were coming to him with their problems. He was well liked because he gave some of his own cattle inherited from his father’s ranch to these desperate people and that had engendered reverence from them.
Anyway, when the little girl asked her brother if she could see the snake boy he only half heard her and said yes but be back for lunch which will be in a half hour. The little girl pulled on her eyelit boots with some of the laces not tied properly and waggling in the dust and went down to see the snake boy. A small crowd had already gathered and paid the nickel to take a look at whatever hapless being was seated behind the iron bars. For under the canvas was actually a small cage and inside it was a boy about the girl’s age, maybe a year older. The fingers on each hand were fused together, forming a flipper or crude snake-like appendage. The toes of his feet were also sort of melted together but it was harder to see those because the legs were misshapen and curved inward like he was permanently in the attitude of a yogi saint. There were some women and small children and a few men staring at him. He didn’t make eye contact with any of them or move in any way until a creepy man with a brilliantined mustache who was standing on the buckboard of the wagon hit the bars with a walking stick he was leaning on and said “Wake up boy!” The boy scowled at the man and a feeble hiss came from his mouth. The man said that’s better and commenced to continue hollering “Step right up folks step right up and see the Snake Boy Hisss!”
After a little while the crowd thinned out and the little girl stayed in front of the boy’s cage. It was very hot and she noticed perspiration beginning to drip down the boy’s temples. She dug in the pockets of her trousers; her brother thought dresses were impractical in this climate and could not afford to repair the ones the girl had accidentally torn while out conducting various important business. She produced a handkerchief that was pretty clean, the little girl inspected it and found only one dried booger in residence. She wiped it off and shyly offered it to the boy. “It’s real hot” she said. The boy’s eyes rolled over to meet hers and they looked pretty dark and angry. “Here you can have it” she said again and tried to push the hankie through the bars. The boy started like she’d just stuck a firepoker in his bottom. He then let fly out a stream of the filthiest language the girl had ever heard, and she’d heard a lot since the jail cells were directly downstairs. But his had them beat, it continued to issue forth like a river of the foulest most flowery cusswords until the man noticed what was happening and kranged the bars with his stick again. “Move along missy” he barked.
The little girl quickly stuck her face up close to the bars and said “I’ll come back” and then the man pushed her away from the cage.
That night again at around three in the morning the girl snuck out. There was a very convenient piece of roofing under her window that dipped close to the wooden staircase extending up the building. The big wooden false front concealed her activities from anyone on the street below and she was able to monkey down the house in five seconds. She took with her some beef jerky and some hard candies in a sock and a crowbar she stole from her brother’s tools he kept in a small barn out back. She snuck down the main alley and arrived at the boy’s wagon cage. He was awake and trying to pretend he wasn’t waiting for her. She stood outside for a little while looking at the cage. The padlock on its door was enormous and fastened with big chains. “Is there another way for you to get out?” she asked the boy. He surprised himself and nodded, pointing at a small trap door in the floor of the wagon. “For when he empties mah shits bucket” he said. She handed him the crowbar and he grasped it with both of his little stuck together hands and managed to pry open the trapdoor within a few minutes. No lights went on in the boarding house just five feet away where his jailer was sleeping and the boy dropped out of the bottom of the wagon and into the dust. The girl grabbed his hand and they started off into the desert. He waddled next to her like a surprisingly fast little crab.
He was very tired when they finally got there as he was too big to carry and had had to scuttle the whole way but when the little boy saw the bluesilver light shining out of the sand his eyes got huge and he tried to run away. The girl said No! and made him sit down next to her in the sand. In only a few moments the light began to widen and swivel until it enveloped the boy and girl. He felt a heat and a tightening in his hands and legs and watched as the fingers split apart into separate digits and his legs unfurled into straight healthy boys legs with knobby kneecaps. He sat there looking at them.
A few minutes later the little girl and the boy felt a purring under the earth like a great machine was humming away down there. The sands began to part as a circular silver disk rose up and out from under the desert. The sands spilled off its rounded dome like sands spilling out of an hourglass. The silver disk made no noise once it was in the air and hovered silently over the boy and girl, it seemed to be regarding them. One last shot of silver light squirted out at the boy and then the disk was gone. It was then completely quiet except for what the boy and girl heard as a tiny howl. It was one of the small carnivorous mice that live in the region and are known to actually sit on their haunches and throw their heads back and howl at the moon when they are out hunting or have seen something that blows their mind.
And the girl took the boy back to town to her house.
There was later an altercation in front of the sheriff’s office whereby the boy’s keeper was seen hollering at the sheriff and gesticulating wildly at the boy who the little girl stood in front of protectively. From windows across the street people could just make out snatches of “That’s my property………That girl…. It’s Witchcraft!!… Goddamn IT Step Aside…”
The sheriff deftly produced his pistol and instructed the man to put up his. There was a split second stand off and then the man did as he was told. The girl’s brother told the man that he would not be getting no boys back, not this one or any other. The man’s mustache wasn’t brilliantined anymore it stuck out like the ass of a porcupine because he had been pulling at it with agitation. The sheriff informed him if he wanted to remain in town there was much construction work available to him and his team. Otherwise he was free to leave their town and the sheriff expected him to have accomplished that task by sundown tonight. The man stood there beadily eyeing the boy and then resentment and then bemusement and then craftiness sprang into his eyes. He asked the sheriff if he would buy his wagon and team as he would like to purchase a train ticket and the sheriff agreed. He set the girl and boy to make the barn ready and comfortable for the man’s skinny horses and gave the man some silver. The man did what he was told and took a train out of town that night.
The boy and girl lived happily together and became husband and wife when they got older. The sheriff later married the lady of ill repute and began to enjoy life. One night they took the sheriff and his new bride out to the desert to show them where the silver disk had risen to the sky and they were filled with wonderment because a fair amount of the good vibes still remained there. And in the distance they heard the tiny carnivorous mouse who was still howling at the moon and it’s memory of the spaceship it saw.



Bat Turd Crazy


The man found the girl living or dying as he liked to say, as a prostitute in the Arizona Territory. It was the early 1870’s and with ranching and silver mining and ample watering holes in the valley, there were more and more settlers coming in. Covered wagons frequently rolled through the area alongside the Gila River on their way to seek their fortunes and there was plenty of business for the cathouses. But the girl found her work distasteful and had become a drug addict. Her prized possession was a medical syringe from the Civil War she’d purchased from a retired physician client. It was made of glass and some kind of brass amalgam. The silver needle fastened onto the syringe with a black rubber bulb. She purchased grains of morphine from the pharmacist and mixed them with water and injected the mixture into her veins. Then she felt good and could handle some more stinky balls and pussy chafe.
A large dark man was her customer one evening, he had the money to pay for the whole night. Even in a drug haze she had managed to feel some strange feelings about this client. She knew men, and could with some accuracy determine which ones would be safe, and which ones were nefarious. She didn’t get the alarming readings off him, just a delicate foreboding. She needed the money so she allowed the transaction to take place. Before permitting him upstairs to her small room with the brass bed and swaybacked mattress, she took a shot and brushed her teeth with a little bristle brush. She haphazardly washed her cooter out in the basin and then arranged her skirts back into place and opened the door. He had been standing very close to it as though trying to listen. Before they fucked he insisted on examining her person. He found a peculiar small ulcer on her nether region. It didn’t hurt or itch but it was ugly. “You’ve got the pox” he told her. He seemed suddenly energized and grimly delighted. “You’re a filthy girl” he said as he whipped out a small silver bottle with a rubber stopper. Actually it wasn’t silver at all the girl realized. The bottle was glass and the man was somehow pouring silver right out of it into his hands. It was mercury! She recognized it. Someone had told her how they mined it from a rock called cinnabar. They crush the ore then heat it in a furnace and the liquid mercury trapped in the rock drips out.
He began rubbing the liquid metal into her crotch. “This is gonna make you tighter too” he said. “I’m tight enough” the girl said. Once he had doused her chancre with mercury he went to bed with her, skillfully leaning his large penis away from the infected side of her crotch. “You are tight” he exclaimed when he first entered her and then began some enthusiastic pounding. “Thanks mister” said the girl and she began to nod off. When she woke up it was early morning and he was still in the bed with her. He asked her if he could see her again that evening. She said yes. He paid visits to her for two weeks. At the end of the fortnight he told her in a business like manner he wanted her to come live with him at his home which was some miles outside of town, close to a bend in the river. He told her it was a nice place, there was a natural seep at the base of a mesquite tree and he’d dug a well there. He now had a hundred head of cattle and also had enjoyed success in the silver mining industry. “You’ll have a feather bed and will be well rested” he said.
She thought he was a weirdo but surprised herself by saying yes. She realized she liked him. She said goodbye to the other girls and to her customers who still wanted to see her even though she’d told them about the pox. Then she and the man traveled to his property in his buckboard wagon. The ride was pretty nice, the vehicle had a red velvet horsehair cushion on the seat and he handed her the shotgun. “There isn’t much Apache interference anymore” he said. “But the dirty Mexicans are another story”. “What’s dirty about em?” she asked. He didn’t answer her. “Do you know how to shoot?” he asked her. She told him she did. He told her some more about his homestead and the rest of the ride was uneventful. At one point he farted and she didn’t say anything. At another bumpier part of the ride she farted and he swatted her bottom. She found it odd how familiar he acted with her. It made her feel strangely comfortable with him.
Months had gone by and the girl was keeping house for the man. There were empty spaces in the rooms of his home with no furniture or rugs in them but there was an odd confluence of various material objects scattered throughout the house and across the property. He had several saddles in his barn. Just as many pick axes and shovels. And women’s horsehair bustles and jewelry, both white women’s and Indian’s, in little piles on the floor. He gifted her some of it when he was in a good mood. He gave her a gold locket with some kind of adhesive inside where small images had once been fixed. And a sterling silver squash blossom necklace inlaid with turquoise. She asked him where he got all these things and he said he bought them or bartered for them.
She was sick often but always found the energy to keep the place scoured and clean. She fed his dogs and cooked him cornbread and beans and baked pies. He had at first insulted her cooking then began complimenting her. An old Apache woman who was married to one of the man’s seasonal cattle drivers had shown her some of the mysterious ways of food preparation. But often there was no one around besides the girl and the man. The cattle were grazing elsewhere, the workers were with the cattle, and it was just them two. For a little while, she enjoyed this. They laughed about something one of the dogs had done or discussed his preferred cattle breeds and he would say she was pretty. Then later lots of times it would just be her alone in the house. He would disappear for days; mining he said. The girl found it odd he never left with any specific mining equipment, like picks or dynamite. He never brought a donkey with a loaded pack on its back. He’d leave on horseback with only a rifle, his pistols, and a knife and some food wrapped in a sack. She assumed he was sleeping with other women, or maybe hiding his silver and money in various places out in the desert.
When he came home he wanted to do her three times a day but always the mercury ritual came first. After a succession of weeks, the girl was getting her wits back. She had gone through withdrawals when she first moved out there with him and he had actually held her in the bed while she shook. At dusk on the third day of her kicking the morphine, he carried her out to the outdoors bathtub which he had filled with water and let warm in the sun and then he washed her body tenderly, while commenting profusely on her purported offensive odor.
Later she realized he had been nicest to her when she was the sickest. As her health improved, he became more distant and irritable. When he was home he often did not speak to her. Once she said his name and his head turned to her like a mechanical owl’s head rotating and it shocked her because there was no one looking back at her. It was like he wasn’t there at all. He began spending even more time away from the house.
That’s when the girl began to venture around the property. From the bedroom window she noticed twins streams of bats emerge from some hidden place in the trees and fly out into the night to find their suppers. She walked back there and found the mouths of two enormous caves, both inhabited by bats. She liked walking back there at twilight and standing very still as all the bats rushed past her with their delicate webbed wings. On rare trips to town she made enquiries and got to talking with an Apache man at the grocers. He told her that a healthy colony of bats could eat around 25 tons of insects every night. And that they lived to be forty years old. Some of them are fruit eaters not insect eaters and these kind “visit their cactus friends and drink from their flowers, this helps the cactus to make their children” he told her. She liked that grocery store because of the opportunity for human interaction. A family from back East had just opened it. They liked her and even offered her a clerking job there. She was so surprised and thought about that all the way home.
One evening while she was walking near the bat caves she discovered a baby bat in the ground in the grass next to her feet. It was crawling around and shivering all helpless and squeaking charmingly. She took him home and warmed him by the fire. She got her old kit out from under the bed where she was keeping it for an actual medical emergency and took the syringe out of its plush lined case, leaving the needles inside it. She drew some milk up into the barrel and placed it on the table. Then she put a tiny wad of cotton in the baby’s mouth and squirted the milk onto it so he could nurse it. She fed the baby bat in this manner. He looked like a baby gargoyle. She named him Beezlebub.
The man pretended to not like Beezlebub but sometimes he sort of did. He laughed when Beezelbub had grown strong and began squeaking and flying out the door at night to get his bugs. But he sometimes was jealous of him and would tell the girl to put Beezlebub back on his curtain because it was time to pay attention to him, the man.
On a very exciting visit to town after purchasing almost all of the goods the man had written on a list for her, she decided to visit the Chinese medicine man who had treated some of her friends for various scourges and female troubles. The girl suspected she could heal her pox with something less poisonous than mercury. She had noticed she did not feel well after the man rubbed it on her and he was still obsessively doing so three times a day, whenever he desired her. The Chinese man gave her various jars of herbs and some tinctures in alcohol. She did not recognize any of the powders or roots, except for one item which appeared to be dried honeysuckle.
She used these medicines secretly for weeks and began to notice a bodily change. The fatigue lessened and her glands were no longer swollen. She grew stronger and had a psychic vision of tiny organisms dying in her blood. At around that time she refused the man’s mercury treatment and he became very angry. His eyes became like hot glass marbles. He dragged her outside and into the yard where he threw her head against the doghouse and when she came to she found a large iron cuff fastened around her neck and trailing a heavy chain. It was locked to a stake in the ground. She tried to work the stake out but it was inserted too deep into the earth. She had to spend the night out there. The dogs wanted to comfort her, they drew close to her, wagging their tails and nuzzling her face. Beezlebub flew by and squeaked with concern but she told him to go get his dinner, she was alright. One of the hounds licked her face and from the concussion she threw up. The dogs scrambled to eat it and then they arranged their carcasses around her so she could rest her aching head on their bellies.
She was furious with the man the next day and he even seemed a little afraid of her for a moment when they locked eyes. He unlocked the cuff and tried to say he was sorry but she went into the back bedroom without speaking to him. After this she began to watch him very closely. She consciously understood what she had subconsciously already known which was that something was very wrong with him. She suspected a violent childhood. She also by this time had learnt his mother was white but his father had been Mexican, with Indian blood. He was ashamed of this. One time when he was yelling at her for having gotten medicine from those filthy chinks she told him it was better than fucking a dirty Mexican. “Oh I’m sure you fucked plenty of those” he said. “Ones just like you” she said and then had to run out of the house because he got the nobody home scary eyeballs again.
The girl was now completely sober and physically well. Her senses were more accurate and precise. She did not speak to the man very often now nor he to her. They slept together sometimes but she could no longer stand the smell of him. When he came home from his mining trips he had an odor about him she previously could not identify. She now realized it was the smell of fear on his skin. Not his though, but other peoples. She wasn’t sure if she was just dreaming this smell on him. The girl felt conflicting feelings about the man. A part of her wanted to leave, but then she remembered how he was so nice in the beginning. She also felt strange sensations of guilt, as though she were ungrateful. And even stranger motherly feelings like she would be abandoning him. A bizarre need that was worse then the morphine addiction was there too. And strangest of all, she found these feelings to be mixed horrifyingly, with actual love. A desire for his happiness. She felt real creeped out.
The next day she sprained her ankle carrying water. Her boot wedged under a tree root and she fell sideways. She had to limp home and put her foot up in bed. She was glad he was gone again. That evening while looking out the bedroom window she noticed something odd. There weren’t twin streams of bats anymore, there was only one. This alarmed the girl. So much that she fashioned a crutch out of tree branch and lurched down there even though it was getting dark. One of the caves had been completely abandoned by the bats. Inside the cave was an entire covered wagon. She looked inside, it was mostly empty. A few gunny sacks lay on the boards that was it. She hobbled past it and was now standing at the edge of the enormous pile of guano the bats had been depositing on the cave floor for years. She hitched up her skirts and went a little further into the pile. Which was where she saw the things. They etched themselves out of the gloom into familiar shapes. They were feet and hands. They stuck up out of the poop at odd angles. One foot had a boot on it.
The girl went back to the house.
Her ankle was real swollen and hurting now. The next morning the man returned. The man stepped through the front door and he found the girl leaning against the kitchen table pointing a shotgun level at his belly.
“Why you killin people” she said.
He just looked at her.
“What have you been doing?” she asked. He still didn’t say anything.
“You’re sick” she said “If you say you’ll stop what you’re doing I’ll stay with you and we can get you better. There’s sanitariums you can rest in”. He laughed at her. “We could go see that one Indian shaman” she said.
He looked at her with derision. “You’re crazy” he said. He took a step forward.
“Don’t come closer” she said quietly. His holster was slung over his shoulder as was his custom when he used the outhouse and was on his way back into the house. It would take him longer than a heartbeat to have a gun in his hand. They both stood very still silently for what felt like a long time. Her low tone appeared to have bothered him. It now looked like two people were fighting inside him. One wanted to attack the other looked scared and little. She felt bad for him. He was obviously the crazy one.
He lunged for her and the shotgun blast hit him in the gut. Something hit her in the face that felt like warm pie filling. He was now on the floor on his back with most of his innards blown out. She knelt down while he was dying on the kitchen floor. He said “I’m sorry mama” in a weird small voice she’d never heard before and then there was some gurgling sounds and he was gone.
The cattlehands were not back yet so she was alone in the house with the body which was a bummer. She couldn’t drag him out and bury it on one good ankle. She sat in the kitchen next to the stove with Beezlebub and darned a sock. She knew the man’s ghost was going to come around anyway and so she sat waiting for it.
As the fire died down Beezlebub let out a squeak like someone had pinched him. “Go on get out of here” she said to the air. She knew it was the man’s spirit that was responsible for this act of harrassment. He telepathically said in her head “What are you going to do with my house?”
“I don’t know” the girl said back to him. “What are you going to do with my fucking house” he said again. “I don’t know” said the girl again. Then she considered. “I’ll have to notify the law” she said. “I’ll have to tell them about that family and whoever else you killed like a fuckin psycho.” She thought some more. “Those people need a proper burial. And that wagon has to get dragged out of the cave so the bats can move back in…. I’ll have to pay the cattlehands when they get back. And then I have to sell the cattle. You’re going to owe money to that dead family’s people…. And I have to find homes for all your dogs and horses.”
“Well we aren’t even married. None of this is your property. It ain’t your money” he said from the ether.
“I don’t want any of it” said the girl.
“This isn’t your house.”
“Yeah that’s true” said the girl.
“You got nowhere else to go though” he said superiorily. “You’ll have to go back to turning tricks or be homeless. You got nowhere else to go.”
“I got places” said the girl. And it was true. She realized she was healthy enough to work, to live, to move somewhere nice with Beezlebub. She suddenly felt happy. “I don’t want strangers living in my house” grumbled the man’s ghost.
“Well that’s some tough titties isn’t it” said the girl.



Wet Medicine Dreams


The boy was born in Ohio at the start of the Civil War. When his father got back from fighting on the Union side he wanted to move to the Dakota Territory and start a new life far away from most other humans. The boy’s mother was very religious and usually hers was the last word in their household but when his dad came home, he made a declaration that no one in their family had to attend church if they didn’t want to. At first the boy’s mother was perturbed but his dad would not back down, and the boy thought he was very brave. And he was secretly very happy because he hated church and he was ashamed to confess it to anyone but the jesus pictures gave him nightmares. All the blood and eating his flesh and weird shit the people were always talking about. So while his mother and little sister went to service on Sundays, the boy and his father would go on walks in the woods, and it was easier to keep up with him because his father had a bum leg from the war where a musket ball had passed clean through but nicked some nerves and bone.
His father taught him how to shoot with a rifle but when he told the boy to aim at a deer the boy didn’t want to. He didn’t want to hurt him. The boy was friends with the creatures. The boy was afraid his father would call him a sissy but he didn’t. His father said now I know why none of them are afraid of you and the hens always give you their eggs without making a fuss. They recognize you as their kin. So the boy was never asked to go hunting with his father but he did still want his dad to teach him how to shoot. His father made sure the boy became proficient with his muzzleloader rifle once the boy was big enough to handle it. Then he learned him on a pistol, and this weapon remained the boy’s primary love.
The boy was fascinated the first time his father let him hold the sidearm weapon the Union cavalry had issued his dad- the Colt 1860 Army Revolver. It was a ball and cap black powder pistol. His father showed him how to place the hammer at half cock so that the cylinder rotated freely, then charge each chamber with powder with his 30 grain flask. Then he had to stick a little oiled piece of cotton on top of the powder. And then seat a lead ball in the chamber right on top of the cotton wad and the powder. The boy noticed a tiny bit of lead was shaved off the ball as it got shoved down the chamber for a tight fit. Next his dad showed him how to put some lard inside, just enough to seal the skinny space between where the lead ball curved away from the chamber wall. He explained this was to prevent chainfire, which is what happens when the weapon is fired but the powder in one chamber ignites the one next to it.
Finally, his dad showed him about caps. A cap made of copper and containing an explosive substance called fulminate of mercury is put on a little raised nipple that’s found on the back of each chamber. The hammer hits the cap and the force from its little explosion packs the gun powder with enough pressure that it explodes out the chamber. And this is what makes the lead ball eject, which is of course, a gunshot said his dad. His dad patiently showed him again and again how to load the revolver, and after target practice, how to take it apart it and clean and oil it. Then he made the boy do it again and again until the boy could do it with his eyes closed.
The boy moved with his family by covered wagon to Wyoming in 1868. The bad thing happened that year. Six months in after they had just built a little house and even constructed a working well on the property the man who sold the deed to the land came to see them. The man said he brought bad news from the land speculation company he worked for. The man said he was sorry but the deed was no longer valid as the government now owns this land. Since when the boys father asked. Since the Treaty of Fort Laramie said the man. The government is giving this land back to the Indians. The man said he had come to remove them off the property. His father resisted when the man put hands on him and the man shot him dead. The boy leapt on the man but the man hit him with the butt of his pistol so hard he should have killed him. His mother had run away into the grass to hide his sister to keep her from getting raped. Then the man lit fire to the house. And ran away with many of their possessions, their two horses, and their cow.
After the man left, the boy and his mother and sister had to live in their covered wagon. The boy even shot animals for his family so they could eat but his mother and sister were dead within two weeks from some kind of sickness. The boy eventually got taken in by a very religious family at the base of the Big Horn Mountains. When he got old enough he learned that it was true, the treaty had closed the Powder River Territory off to whites. But his family’s homestead had been technically just outside of that area. The land speculator had lied. And he had also sold them a false deed. The land speculation company he claimed to represent had never heard of him and no one knew his name. The boy decided when he was grown he would find this man and kill him.
The boy turned 17 in 1875. He had been on his own now for three years; the first year he spent working as a farmhand. He assisted with harvests, and helping animals deliver their young and while he did this he was saving up money and asking people about the man. For two years he found employment working as a cowhand driving longhorn cattle up from Texas to Abilene, Kansas along the Chisholm Trail. He saw much of the country that way but a part of him felt like a hypocrite because he knew those animals were going to get slaughtered. He wasn’t sure if it had been from his mother or the Lutheran family but he felt kind of guilty all the time about everything. His mother had been very sweet and the Lutheran family had took him in and fed him but they were so obsessed with the jesus and sexual relations and evil human behavior that it had mixed up the young man a little bit. The young man decided he did not believe in the Christian god but he still believed in something and worried that it whatever it was thought he was bad. This frightened him because he had a life goal that he did not want this god ghost to fuck up or punish him over in advance. The young man was also subconsciously afraid of ladies.
Eventually he saved up enough money to purchase an almost new .45 caliber Colt single action revolver, also know as the Peacemaker. At first he felt funny buying this weapon because it wasn’t a percussion revolver like the one his dad had trained him on. This Colt had a metallic cartridge- a bullet. You didn’t have to load powder or balls or caps into it, just one clean cartridge containing all of those items was loaded directly into each of the six chambers. His dad had told him that they first invented this back in 1854; it was a .22 caliber rimfire by Smith and Wesson. But his dad had always liked loading the individual components himself and didn’t think metallic cartridge loaders would ever really take off. The boy wished his dad could have lived to see the wonders of this modern and perfected technology. The Colt was incredible and the first night he owned it he couldn’t even sleep, he just kept cleaning it and cleaning it and holding it up to the firelight where it glimmered. This was the gun that would kill the asshole who killed his family.
When he wasn’t practicing with his new pistol on dead trees, the young man sat alone in the fields. Sometimes birds would land close to him and he would talk to them. He had a dream one night that one of the birds told him he was a loser for still being a virgin and that he should patronize a whorehouse. The young man woke up and decided that this was true. He picked a girl there who smiled at him and seemed the nicest. She was about ten years older than him and had shapely shoulders, small breasts and a full bottom. When they got up to the room he gave her the money and she said put it on the dresser. Then she did some magical filthy things to him and let him do those things to her. Afterwards he was so shy and embarrassed and couldn’t look her in the eye. She teased him and said don’t worry you did real good. He cleared his throat and tried to say thank you but he started coughing violently instead. He tried to run out of the room but she blocked the door. She laughed at him goodnaturedly and handed him a cup of water. The woman became his friend.
One day he worked up the courage to ask her if she’d ever seen a man who stood about six feet tall and had large teeth. That was all he could remember of the criminal speculator. This of course did not narrow it down enough but the woman told him she had heard of someone who could help him. This person was a white woman and it was said she possessed special powers of sight. It was said she got them after almost dying. She was never seen in town anymore. She lived somewhere out on the prairie on Indian lands. “And her old man is an Indian!” said the woman, thinking it might shock him. The boy thanked her and she gave him a goodbye kiss. He set off to find the prairie woman.
The young man found the teepee on the sixth day of riding. He found it accidentally while he was searching for a stream and some young green grass for his horse. He dismounted and watered his horse and currycombed his coat. His horse was a strawberry roan paint with a pale face and a white rump with red spots. The young man would not have him gelded so he was very healthy and spirited. His dark strawberry flecked coat glowed in the light and he never lacked for the approval of young lady horses. Intelligence and cunning showed in his eyes that loomed out of his pale face. The young man fed him oats he kept in his saddlebags which he had to remove from the horse’s person in the evening because he had learnt how to twist his neck around and do a strange dance that hitched the bag close enough to his face and allowed him to pilfer all his food. After the young man had a lunch of corn bread and coffee beside the stream, he saddled up and then found the teepee after only ten minutes of riding. It was very small and sat alone on the prairie under the blue sky, the grass waving around it like a blue green ocean (something the young man had never seen for real).
His heart started beating fast. He dismounted and walked up to the teepee. A campfire with an iron pot hung over it sat smoking over doused coals nearby. He heard some noise in there but no one came out. He stood out there for a full while and didn’t know what to do. Finally he introduced himself to the doorflap and asked if he could see the woman with the sight. A small snakey brown arm pulled him in the door. His eyes adjusted to the gloom where the dust motes glittered in the tiny sun rays that came through the top of the teepee. There was a white woman in there about age 45 and an Indian man maybe five years older than her. And a young girl probably born a year or two after the young man. The young girl was tanned to a dark reddish hue almost as the same as the Indian man. The young man liked her looks. She had brown eyes full of light like creekwater in the sun and long skinny arms and legs that moved fast as a spider’s. The woman was blonde and grey. The Indian man motioned to the young man to come sit next to him. The young man did so. The woman smiled at him. She asked him what he wanted to know. He cleared his throat and asked how much it cost and was relieved when the sum she told him did not exceed what he had in his pocket.
He gave her the money. Then no one said anything. The young man again felt embarrassed because his heart was rapidly beating and his stomach was making unseemly sounds and he was sure they could hear all of it. He was terrified. Some people from his past were in his head saying this was Satan’s work. A movement on the other side of the teepee caught his eye. It was a short haired mutt dog yawning. The dog had blended in with the skins and furs on the ground. The dog yawned again and then wormed himself closer to the young man, stretching his body out so that his back legs stuck out straight behind him and his forelegs straight out in front of him. The dog grinned at him, and burped. He rolled his eyes and looked like a tiny mangy bear skin rug with the head still alive. The girl laughed and crept over to the young man and put his hand on the dog’s back, indicating he should rub it. The young man did so and the dog fell asleep.
It helped calm the young man down. The Indian man chuckled. They sat there like that for a while. Then the white woman told him he would have a dream that night that would give him the information he sought. She leaned over to shake his hand and say goodbye and through the seam of her leather shirt he saw a giant scar on her belly. It grossed him out. He said thank you and shook the Indian man’s hand as well. Then he exited the teepee and was already on his horse when the young girl sprang out after him. She asked him if he would help her carry some water back from the stream first and he said alright. Before he could dismount to help her up she leapt up behind him and clenched her arms around his middle. Lightening fire shot up through his body. He was glad she couldn’t see his face turn bright red as he had suddenly become afflicted with an instant boner. They rode to the water and she told him how she came to live out there.
Her mother once had a white husband but she got very sick while pregnant with the girl. The white doctor said she and the baby would die. She asked her husband to drive her in a carriage onto the prairie to the band of Arapaho Indians who were wintering near their tiny settlers town, in hopes that she could ask to see their medicine man. Her husband refused and that night the woman took a horse and rode out into the grass, following the small fires she could see the Indians had built.
Their medicine man cut the baby out of her belly and had to remove the diseased womb as well. The woman went out of her body and was in the spirit world for a time and when she came back she was different. She did not want to go back home after that and the Indians initially allowed her to stay with them. But there were both Indians and whites who did not approve of this arrangement and she had to leave. Her new Arapaho husband elected to leave his tribe rather than let her go alone. So they lived alone on the prairie and he is girls true father she said. The young man helped fill her skins with water and then he rode her back to the teepee. On the way back much to his mortification he got another hard on. The girl kept pretending to accidentally brush her hand against it then she’d start giggling. He could feel her breathing into the back of his neck and doing something weird like sniffing him and rubbing her face on him. He very tentatively let his hand fall on her thigh for a moment. The girl chuckled at him. She sniffed him some more then relaxed against him and sighed. He let go of the reins with one hand and let his hand rest loose near her own. She put her hand in his. When they were back at the small teepee the girl thanked him and said she hoped he would come back. He blushed and said it was a real pleasure meeting her.
That night in his boarding house room he had some dreams. The girl was in the first one. They were having sex but he couldn’t see her face or her body. He could feel her and smell her though, and hear her low chuckle.
He came in the dream. He woke up from the force of the orgasm. He had to wipe himself off with a sock. Then he fell asleep again. The second dream was in bright vivid color. He could see a man and his facial features were very clear. The young man marveled at this because he had not been able to see the man’s face as clearly in his head for some years now. But he immediately recognized him. The man was tall and he had big stained teeth. He had a perverted smile on his face. The boy was in a canoe floating down a river and the man was standing on the shore. He could see the man’s shit eating eyes and how he was smiling lewdly at the young man. At the man’s feet were three decapitated rabbit heads, their neck stumps still bright and bloody. And the man was standing over them pulling his pud!
The young man woke up again with a start. He was affronted. That dream was lewd. He was angry for a moment that he paid that woman to send him a filthy medicine dream. But then he remembered what else he saw. The man had been standing on a shore, and the shoreline had been unnaturally covered with dark trees. The boy’s childhood house was also there, crowded in by the trees. And there had been a sign behind it, the letters glowing with a strange electricity. They said Deadwood. The young man suddenly laughed and wondered if the woman always sent such literal dreams.
Well Deadwood is where I am going then said the young man and he began making preparations for that day. His ride was uneventful for the first week. It was slow going for a time as his horse had a bruised foreleg and the young man had to walk sometimes to give him a rest. He was about two days outside of Deadwood, a town in the Dakota Territory. It was 30 miles east of the Wyoming border in South Dakota, in the Black Hills. When his horse was tired he found a place to make a fire and camp for the night. One evening two men approached him after the sun went down. They looked thin and asked if they could have some of his beans and sleep by the fire. They had two very skinny horses. The young man’s horse whickered at them.
The young man said alright and shared his dinner with them. The men didn’t say much and quickly went to sleep. The young man lay back under his wool blanket with one hand on his Colt and the other on the small Derringer he kept wedged in his boot. After forty five minutes of pretend sleep the men motioned to each other and approached the young man’s bedroll. One had a knife and the other had a beat up old pistol. The young man told them to stop moving and they did. He asked them why they wanted to fuck him over after he had been decent to them. He saw that the one with the gun was taking aim so he shot him first. He got him in the gut. The one with the knife threw it very badly and missed. The young man shot him in the chest. Then he shot them both in the head with the colt. Didn’t have to use the Derringer. He was surprised he made the first two shots because he’d had to raise his arm and discharge the firearm from under his blanket. No shootist actually fires from the hip, it is grossly inaccurate. They have to bring the pistol up to where their arms are perpendicular to their body and take aim like anyone else.
The young man went through the pockets of both the men and unearthed a few moldy dollars. He dragged their bodies into the brush. Then he and his horse and two skinny horses commenced the journey into Deadwood. When the young man arrived he was shocked at how it in some way resembled his dream. It was dark with trees. Deadwood was built in a large ravine that had been filled with dead trees, hence dead wood. Live trees crowded the steep sides of the ravine on both sides. It was late fall and early snow covered the mountain sides that came down around the town. It was very cold for late fall. There were a lot of people in the frozen mud street but the darkness of the town reminded him of his dream. He found a stable that rented stalls and supplied feed and he paid to put the three horses up. He found a boarding house for himself and realized he would have to find the man soon because he was almost out of money.
It didn’t take long. There was an expensive looking lodge house built higher than the other structures, up in the forest. He could see lights burning in the windows between the freezing trees in the dusk. He asked a child who lived there and the child said it was the gold man’s house. The young man bought a meal and asked a diner seated next to him who the gold man was and they said he was someone who owned a mine in the area and had been known to force prospectors to sell their stakes under suspicious circumstances. The young man knew he’d found the right one.
That evening the young man hiked far up into the hills, skirting around the town proper and coming back down behind the large lodge house. He had to be careful because of the cold snap that followed him into town. The snow was crunching like bones. He looked into a window of the house and couldn’t see anything beyond some rich type furniture, some had white sheets covering them like the house’s occupant was still moving in. Large wooden crates pushed against the wall confirmed this. A woman in a strange costume of black and white and showing a lot of leg came into the room once to bank the fire and blow out the lamps. The she went away. The house was silent, the young man knew the man was not there.
The young man had to wait until Sunday. That’s when the man came back from some trip he’d made back east on a train. He overheard this in the small breakfast room of the boarding house. The young man thought about how he’d never gotten to take passage on a train himself. It was early Sunday morning when he hiked up behind the lodge again. He found the best window to look through, into a room with a large fire going and that adjoined the kitchen. An expensive green billiards table was in that room, next to a vein-blood colored velvet couch with buttons sewn in the back of it so that it had ass dimples in it. The young man crouched by the window and waited. He overheard a cook and the sexy maid he’d seen the week prior discuss that they were going to see some famous minister preach that morning in an outlying mining camp. The cook left first to town. The maid, who had curly blonde hair and was very pretty, stayed behind. The young man swallowed hard when he saw the tall man come down the stairs. He was the same man who had killed his family.
The tall man walked over to the blonde maid and pulled down her dress so her pink nipples bounced into view. He parted her legs. He unbuttoned his fancy trousers and fucked her on the couch unbeknownst, right in front of the young man. He finished quickly and then maid got up and wiped her crotch with the tall man’s shirttail. He slapped her in the face and she left the room. The young man could hear the front door open and close and the cook and the maid arguing. They left down the tall steep driveway that led from the lodge house onto the main road into town.
The tall man went back upstairs. The young man walked right through the front door, they had forgotten to lock it. Two large animals that actually looked like wolves or wolf dogs greeted the young man. One growled for a second, the other just sneezed at him. He said something comforting to them and they let him pat them on their heads. He put them outside and locked the door from the inside. He brought out his Colt and had the Derringer in his waist.
The tall man came back down the stairs and stopped when he saw the young man. He asked who the fuck are you and the young man asked him if he remembered the man he shot back by the Powder River. The tall man snorted and started to say Son but the young man had already shot him. Twice in the chest and once in the head. It happened so fast it was almost in reverse. The young man was perplexed. He stared at the body for a while. He remembered again the man standing over his body with the pistol after he’d hit him with it, thinking he’d killed him. Then he felt a great peace.
He walked around the house. The new floorboards made a good sound. He sat on top of the billiard table and aimlessly picked up the eight ball and let it drop back down on the table from about two feet. The table made a strange noise, too hollow for one that expensive. The young man picked up the fire tongs by the fireplace and smashed the top in. There was a compartment inside and lying at the bottom were piles of silver and gold coins, some foreign some from home. He found a sack in the kitchen and filled it up. Then he poured the gas lamps all over the floor and lit the house on fire. He hiked up behind the snowy hills as the house really got to smoking. The wolf dogs followed him. He told them to wait out in the woods for a couple more hours.
He went back to the boarding house and packed up. He walked up the street to see what the other bystanders were looking at. The house was hugely burning but it was so cold it didn’t make any noise. The trees next to it were still frozen with ice. The fire burned quiet like an explosion in deep space. A woman standing next to the young man said “It’s kinda beautiful.”
“Yes ma’am” said the young man. Then he collected his horses and got out of town.
The wolf dogs followed him but stayed hidden in the hills until they were four days out of South Dakota. That night while he was petting one of them by the campfire the young man felt a void. He saw blackness in front of his face and he felt his chest tighten. He couldn’t breathe; he was going into the blackness.
From far away he heard a wolf whining. Then he felt something licking his face. He opened his eyes. He was back at the campfire.
He got up and went for a short walk under the moon. While he was taking a post panic attack shit in the woods, he realized he would have to find another purpose in life. He decided he would give some money to his friend who’d helped him. And to the Lutheran family.
And that he wanted to see the ocean. He decided he was going to go back to the teepee and ask that girl to come with him. Hell he had enough money for her family to go too if they wanted. The young man finished wiping his ass and then walked back to camp. He had some water to drink, and he stretched out beside the fire again. This time he fell asleep, and he slept real good.



Chiye-Tanka


The child was ten when the stablehand told her he was a socialist and that she better promise not to tell her father. The father (she never referred to him as pa or daddy- just “The Father”) was real rich and his god was money and big business. He is what would today be known as a fascist, or a republican. He owned slaughterhouses in Chicago and large holdings in some other companies, mostly patent medicines. The child lived in a big house in the fancy outskirts of Chicago. It was April 1906. The weather wasn’t quite as cold now so the child could go outside without it bothering her lungs as much. She had lung trouble due to being born before the right time. She was also real little and skinny.
The child liked spending time down at the stables. The father kept racehorses as an investment. He said they were worth far more than she was. He also said he hated her for killing her mama. He hit her sometimes, broke her arm once. He did it when no servants were around and he was having a bad day. But he always made sure she took medicine for her cough. The child felt conflicting feelings for the father. One part of her hated his stinkin guts. Another part nurtured the secret hope he would one day decide she wasn't no good.
That day the stablehand explained to her about “your evil daddy”. Oh he’s a big bug alright he said. Wields a lot of power here and in Washington. He told her that the conditions in the slaughterhouses that the father owned were disgusting. The animals were killed cruelly, some had their brains bashed in or they were cut up while still alive because there were no humane regulations for slaughtering in place. No one was monitoring the workers and the workers weren't paid enough and were themselves unsafe. The meat was dirty and filthy and sometimes just sat in rot on the ground. A famous writer wrote an exposé about this and as a result President Teddy Roosevelt looked into the matter. Even though there were secret tip offs weeks before his commission went in to inspect the premises, they still found filthy unsanitary conditions and Roosevelt was appalled.
Soon Roosevelt is going to sign the Federal Meat Inspection Act once the house approves it said the stablehand. It's going to at least set up the beginnings of some rules about how to keep the meat clean. And it will open the door to making conditions humane for the animals. (Incidentally, now in the present year of 2013, unless you are buying organic or free range meat, the animals are still being treated horribly. Big business has them in these huge factory farm concentration camps in tiny cages too small to turn around in, standing in their own shit, pumped with hormones, antibiotics, and genetically modified feed that causes liver failure in young animals who are slaughtered right before they die of poisoning and disease. These factories are also the number one groundwater polluter in the country. Big Agro lies to the people and tells them it’s the only way to feed the huge human population. This is a lie. Food was proportionately cheaper and more plentiful when this country had thousands of small family farms. Organic food is cheaper to grow and does not damage the earth. More people are aware now and legislation with teeth is coming that will make organic free range the law. The Federal Meat Inspection Act was the very beginning of this revolution).
The stablehand continued talking to the child: And do you know that he's also going to sign the Pure Food and Drug Act into law next month too? One of the things it’ll do is make it illegal for criminals to sell snake oil medicines to the public by lying about dangerous ingredients inside them. My own auntie had cancer and she was taking some nostrum she bought at the druggist called Dr. Smeegly’s All Purpose Healing Tincture or some shit like that that said it cured all diseases. Well it didn't cure her cancer. Instead it got her all hopped up on beta eucaine and it gave her a heart attack. She's dead now. What do you think about that he asked the child.
(Incidentally, now in the present year of 2013, we've had a treatment for cancer with higher cure rates than chemotherapy for some time now. A Polish American physician named Dr. Burzynski discovered it. He uses a form of peptide isolate found in the blood. It’s a non-invasive, non-toxic therapy, capable of even healing inoperable brain tumors in children. Chemotherapy is Big Business and it actually has been proven to rarely work. In most cases it destroys the patient’s immune system, encourages metastasis, and kills them quicker. But Big Pharma is spending many crooked dollars and breaking the law to keep Burzynski's science from being made available to the widespread public. They have used adulterated samples during clinical trials of his work, fabricated results, and slandered his name. They are willing to and do kill for money. Criminals like this require lengthy prison terms. As my eccentric Auntie Bev would say to them when imitating Charles Manson to creep us out “You’re all gonna git what you DESERVE!!!”)
I hope that Dr. Smeegly gets what he deserves said the stable hand. He punched a fist into his hand. Do you know that your daddy is at this moment downtown meeting with some lobbyists who are going to try to bribe congressmen to shoot down these legislations. He knows the meat is unsafe to eat and he knows those patent medicines have dangerous drugs in them. And he and his cronies are literally trying to buy the government so it can’t do its job and protect the people. Now what do you think of that, kid?
During his talk the stablehand had gotten progressively more worked up. His mustache was now quivering with outrage too and looked like it was going to jump off his face. The child wasn’t sure what to do. She just wanted to come down here and pet the horses for chrissakes (she learned to swear from the father, that was one kind of funny thing about him). And while she did find this information highly troubling it was hard to understand it all and plus it seemed like the stablehand was yelling at her. And her chest was hurting. She started to cough and tremble. Her face turned bright red with embarrassment and she saw blood on her hand when she drew it away from her mouth. She wiped it on her butt and pulled out her medicine the father made sure she always carried on her person. She took a swig. It was awfully gross and bitter but she always felt better afterwards.
For a split second the stablehand was staring at her like she was a cockroach in the kitchen. Then he flipped out. What the hell is in that bottle he yelled and he grabbed it out of her hands. She was afraid he was going to hit her but he didn’t have the right to snatch stuff out of her hands. A small amount of anger filled her and she yelled Give that back! and tried to wrest it from him. He held her at arms length kicking and attempting to bite him while he scrutinized the label. One of the stable dogs the horses were friends with was barking and dancing around them and then the horses started snorting. This is goddamn laudanum! he yelled. You’re going to get all hopped up on this stuff kid! There’s opium in here. DO you know that’s what you’re drinking? This is just some dime store cough syrup with opium in it. I have to have it the child yelled back. It’s the only thing that makes my cough stop. I’ll bet the stablehand said. You ever been inside an opium parlour? You won’t see those chinamen coughing neither.
The child had to sit down on the floor. She was getting out of breath. Gimme my medicine she said to him. He saw flecks of blood around her mouth and his eyes got afraid. I don’t think you should take this he said, and he handed it back to her. You should see a doctor who doesn’t see fitting to turn little children into drug addicts.
I’m no drug addict said the child, sitting up. She said, Besides the father, err, my daddy won’t take me to a doctor.
Well I was raised up in an orphanage but I’ll tell you what kid, I think you got it worse than I ever did he said. He looked at her sadly. Why don’t you let me he started to say but the child grabbed her bottle and ran out of the stable. She was so angry. Another sanctuary ruined. She hadn’t even understood half of that crazy mick’s vaporings.
But after a few days she’d calmed down enough to think about going back down there. She wanted to say hello to the horses and brush them. There were stable buddy animals like this one goat that she was friends with too. But it turned out she didn’t get to say hello or goodbye to them. Because the father informed her they were to be taking a vacation. Where are we going she asked him. Pack up he said and then he rang for a maid to take her upstairs. It turned out they were going to a fancy hunting lodge in the wilds of Montana. The father was in an unusually good mood, the child recognized it as his “he thinks he’s won face”.
The child packed a coat and some pants. The father didn’t care what she wore. He stopped buying her dresses after she got sent home from boarding school. He’d tried to board her as soon as she was weaned but the schools kept sending her back due to the cough. He gave up the year before. He said her uniforms had cost a small fortune and she could just wear those. But they were itchy and looked like pilgrim clothes so the girl stole some coins out of his study periodically and when she turned ten she went into town and bought some boys work clothes. No one said anything to her about them. She carefully folded a pair of pants and some undershirts and a sweater into a small trunk and wrapped some more bottles of her medicine with them so that they wouldn’t break during the train ride. And a little boar bristle toothbrush so she wouldn’t get rotten teeth. Rotten lungs were bad enough.
The train ride was exciting. The child had her own sleeper compartment. The father sat up in the first class smoking car with a few other wealthy gentlemen. She didn’t see him until they disembarked at the depot in Butte. One of his wealthy friends picked them up in a 1905 Studebaker Electric and the father laughed at him for driving an electric car. They’re cleaner than gas and up here in these woods you’re not gonna find a lot of convenience stations his friend said. The father called him a fool which seemed to offend the man a little. They drove for some time very slowly on an icy road. The land was very pretty and very cold. Pine trees were everywhere until you got up to a certain point and then it was just bald cold rock. They arrived at his friend’s property for the night and then had to set out on horseback the next morning because they were going deep up into glacier country where this supposed magnificent lodge was built. His friend explained he was going to build many more structures like it. Their mutual acquaintance, a plutocrat who financed the Great Northern Railway out of his own pocket had made it smart for investors to start building hotels and vacation homes up here in these woods. And there was talk that the government was going to make a great swath of land up there a National Park soon. The father did not approve of that but he did talk with his friend about investing in some properties. Neither of them looked or spoke with the child, who had her own small horse and rode behind them next to a carriage full of weapons and supplies.
It took several hours to ride up to the lodge. It turned out to be an enormous log cabin mansion sitting in a field of snow. Dark trees grew up a mountainside nearby. In the distance you could see various peaks of the Rocky Mountains encircled with snow and clouds like an enchanted land the child thought. It looked like Mt. Olympus way up there. The sky was so blue and the clouds and snow so white. There was a giant lake near the house and it was frozen over in most parts. Very green pine trees crept up to its edge. It was a beautiful place and wild. The child felt oddly like they were intruding. The lodge had a few locals running it and it smelled good like dinner when they stepped in. A young boy took their horses and led them to roomy stable. The child grabbed some rolls off a plate and went out to the barn to get the horses ready for bed.
The young boy was in still in the stables when she got there. He introduced himself. She said hello too. He wasn’t like the stablehand in Chicago, who was an adult man. This boy was only a year older than her. He seemed friendly but the child wanted to just be with the horses and not to talk to any humans so she said it was nice to meet him and then left. She knew he was going to ask her who she was and she got nervous when people looked shocked when they found out she was the master’s daughter. This was because she knew they thought she looked like a bum. She took a swig of her medicine to keep the lungpain down as she took a walk into the snow towards the lake. It was crusted with ice in some parts but she saw signs of life everywhere. There were paws and hoof prints of various sizes. And there was one strange giant print. It looked like a man’s bare footprint but it was the size of a huge beaver’s tail.
The boy followed the child’s footprints out to the lake but when she heard him approaching she wasn’t sure why she did this but she grabbed some old dead wildflowers from nearby and covered the giant footprint. The boy got up close to her and asked her if she wanted to build a snowman. She was surprised and said yes. They spent the dusk making a great big one. He didn’t ask her any personal questions even when he saw drinking out of her bottle. He just pretended to be trying to find the perfect size rocks for the snowman’s eyes instead.
The child and the boy played together most evenings once he was off work. During the day the father went hunting. The child would move off into the opposite direction and hike along the treeline, but staying lower down on the flat snow where she was very visible. She was afraid the father might try to shoot her sort of mistakenly. She really liked being outside in the wilderness. It was better than the city. There was almost nobody around. The nearest town was almost six miles away and it looked just like a tiny Old West boomtown with one bar and one general store which sold mostly tack, farm implements, and some canned goods. She remembered seeing it on the journey up to the lodge. But besides that it was just mountains and trees and sky and snow.
One day the child walked too far. She was following a bald eagle who was slowly gliding around above her in the sapphire blue sky and she got tired out.
She was a ways from the house now, she couldn’t even see the smoke coming out of the huge chimney. She sat down on a rock and drank some snow. She started coughing and the cold air was hurting her chest worse real bad. She swigged some of her medicine and then felt overly drowsy on account of it. She’d begun to feel rightly funny on that medicine and was requiring much more of it in order to breathe. She didn’t remember what happened after that except next thing she knew, she wasn’t sitting on that rock anymore. She woke up a lot closer to the house. She was laying in the snow like a fetus who’d been birthed there. She sat up. She could see the chimney smoke. The sun was a lot lower in the sky. Hours had passed. All around her were large footprints like the one she’d seen at the lake.
The child got up and walked back to the house. She felt much better. She didn’t tell her friend or anybody about what happened. The next day she put on her rattiest boys clothes and a hat her new friend had given her. She tucked her hair up inside it. She walked through the woods into town in the late afternoon. It was already getting dark but the child felt so strong. Stronger than she could ever remember feeling. The sun had set by the time she’d walked the several miles and arrived at the edge of the tiny settlement. It was easy to find the saloon. It was the only building with lights shining out of the windows. She smeared a little dirt on her face and walked through the heavy glass and wood swinging door.
Inside the room was very long and narrow. It stunk of sour mash and tobacco smoke. On the left were some rickety pine wood tables and chairs. Several were occupied. And to the right was a long skinny bar with an old white barkeep standing behind it. In the back was a staircase that led to the left upstairs. The child walked in and sat down at one of the tables. The barkeep came round the corner and said “You’re too young for this place boy. Go on home”. “I will in a second” the child said, “I’m just trying to find the man I work for.” “Hurry up” he said and he kept an eye on her while she went round the tables.
There were some grizzled white miners sitting at one table playing poker and they growled at what they thought was a little boy trying to spy on their game. There were some other men also playing cards and drinking. A woman wearing a lot of rouge and not much else sat on one of their knees. They ignored the child. Then she saw two people sitting together quietly at one of the tables near the backstairs. They weren’t talking, just sitting. One was an Indian. And one was a black man. She wasn’t sure why but she got a funny feeling they would be nice to her. She walked up to them and said excuse me misters. Could I ask you for some help. They both looked at her. Then she was a little afraid and just stood there. What do you want the black man said. He and the Indian both fixed their eyes on her. She said I saw some giant footprints in the snow that looked like a man’s.
Neither of them said anything. They were still just fixing their eyes on her. The black man finally laughed. Why don’t you sit down boy, you’re looking a little thirsty. He offered her some beer. She tried to drink it but her stomach was too roily and it did not taste good. He asked her where she lived and the child said she was the son of one of the men come up from the south to work at the lodge. The two men stared at her some more. The black man finally said “I heard tales from the old folks when I was a boy. They’d scare us talking about a beast in Africa, some kind of monster who could move in the trees and on the ground. They called him Kikomba. And by other names. He was responsible for the deaths of many men and livestock so they said.
The Indian cleared his throat. The man you are seeking would only be bad to the bad men he said. My people call him mah-kheh-mist-ah-eh or Big Monster. But they are speaking of another being I think because he has large bird feet. You did not see the tracks of a bird did you. The child said no. The Lakota, he said, they call this man the Chiye-Tanka. Big Elder Brother or Big Man. And he is not only of this world. He comes through his world into this one. His home is in the spirit world also. I know said the girl.
Oh you know this? The Indian looked at her with interest. He brings a great blessing to those who see him. If he sees you, touches you it is a great gift. It is something you can give to your grandchildren. You have been given a great gift then.
The child shook hands with the black man and the Indian man. Thank you she said to them. They continued to sit at their table together as she wended her way out of the saloon. Wait they called to her. She went back to the table. The black man took something out of his pocket and passed it to the Indian under the table out of eyesight, who then passed it to the child. It was a small beaded knife. She could feel a tiny feather hanging off the handle. Little girls should not be out in these woods alone said the Indian.
The next night the child stole a roast from the kitchen and a cast iron kettle. She packed these things plus a tripod for cooking over the fire and a tin of salt onto a small hardy donkey who lived with the horses. She and the donkey snuck onto the night snow close to midnight. The child wanted to thank the being who saved her by cooking him a nice dinner. She made sure she had enough hankies for her cough and her medicine with her. Although oddly, she hadn’t coughed hardly at all that day.
She built a campfire out by the lake. She dug out some wood buried under the snow, and the snow was very powdery. That meant there was little moisture content in it and the wood would be dry enough to burn. The snow was too deep to dig all the way down to the ground in order to clear a bare patch so the child did how her friend showed her. Just tamp the snow down into a platform so it’ll make a windbreak as well as a table for the wood to burn on. She draped a fur coat across the donkey’s shoulders and gave him some oats to eat by the fire. She set up the kettle and melted snow in it for broth. She put the salt in and the roast and started cooking it.
It was very late when the man in the woods showed up. The sky was bright with faint greenish and pinkish purplish lights that sparkled and glowed. The being was very tall, the child had to crane her neck all the way back to see his face. The child looked over at the donkey to make sure he wasn’t going to bolt but he was just looking up at the being like he knew him already. The being’s form was visible but was sort of undulating and glowing like the lights in the sky. Like he was made of smoke. It sort of looked human, sort of also looked like a gorilla she’d seen once in a picture book. He was covered in darkish hair or fur, and appeared to be a brown color. The edges of the hair were blurred and moving in the air, like dark light. The being did not speak outwardly but the child could feel meanings from him inside her head. She told him thank you for saving me out in the snow. He held out his hand or paw. Touching him was like running your hand very quickly over a candle flame. It isn’t hot, you just feel a delicate pressure of energy, of a form of matter more finite than a solid.
He seemed to stay a long time but it was only for a moment. He communicated knowledge about himself to her. These are the woods you live in she said aloud. He nodded. These woods are the portal you travel through she said. He nodded again in her head. I think you healed me when you touched me she said to him, I am barely coughing now. I also haven’t felt sick without my medicine which always happened if I went too long between doses she said. The being was with her a few more moments but he was fading into the night, his outline was getting more smoky and seethrough. And then he was gone.
The child was so happy to have seen him. She sat in the snow with the donkey late late into the night. It took her a while to pack up. She left the roast in the snow for the big man. She got back to the property and put the donkey back to bed. When she got into the lodge the father was up in the main room smoking. What have you been doing out there little shit he said. She made a quick decision to just run up the big stone stairs past him but he was faster and he spun her around and pushed her down the stairs. Get back up to your room. You’re going to stay there. The child was very angry and crying but there was sharp pain whenever she took a breath. Not from her lungs from the side of her body. The father stormed outside.
The next morning it took her a while to get dressed because she figured she had a broken rib or two. The child began to actively think while she slowly got her shirt on that now that she was healed and going to live a long time she could whup the father once she got bigger. I’ll stick a boot right up his ass she said to herself with relish. I’ll stab him with my new knife. She looked out her window. It was so early in the morning it was still gray out. She saw something out in the snow.
She put a blanket on and got down the stairs as fast as she could make it. She ran outside into the snow barefoot. The father was lying face up in the snow not far from the house. There was an odd peaceful look on his face even though his eyeballs were frozen with tiny ice crystals. The child looked. She saw the giant footprints in the snow.
First the child felt kind of guilty. And then mysteriously, a little sad. But those feelings soon gave way to joy. She was free. And the child did have a happy life after that. Her friend’s family took her in and they were loving to her. All the father’s holdings and money she inherited was put into a trust and she had a great allowance while she waited to turn of age. None of that money was going to lobbyists anymore. And that summer, on June 6, 1906, Theodore Roosevelt signed the Federal Meat Inspection Act and the Pure Food and Drug Act into law.
As the child began to grow, she decided that even when she got old enough to travel alone, she would always come back to this land. And she would help make it a National Park so no one could cut down the woods the big man lived in. Sometimes she would still see his giant footprints. She always took off one of her shoes and left one of her own small footprints beside it.



Extant


When I was a girl my best friend was a boy. We stayed that way until I sprouted tits which consequently resulted in us fucking and then teasing each other about it and then dating other people because the transition from friend to lover just didn’t happen. Also, when you’re 15, it is very rare to be comfortable with only sleeping with the person you lost your virginity with for the rest of your life. Most people, both male and female, must have sex with other people so that they can feel they have experienced life. So that when they do commit to someone long term they won’t feel denied an adolescence and time to explore the sexual world, or think that maybe someone else is out there who is even better than the one they are with. If a man meets the ultimate woman before he’s done getting his necessary sexual life experiences done, he’ll reject her. A lot of women will do the same, although since their biological clock is set much earlier than men’s due to fertility constraints, they’re often ready to settle down earlier. This is all just healthy.
Me and Trey were relatively healthy kids I guess. Trey was always a smart neat guy and very sensitive. He was good friends with his cousin but when they were ten his cousin said he had smelt the crotch of Trey’s mom’s bathrobe and Trey hit him so hard he was unconscious and he had to go to the hospital. He told me it really upset him his cousin disrespected his mom and he thought he was his friend. Trey’s mom Charla was an alcoholic and very pretty. She was black and wore her hair in a short cute hairdo like Halle Berry. She looked like Halle Berry only darker. Trey’s dad was supposedly handsome too but that’s all anyone knew about him. Charla said he was just someone who drifted through town whom she met when she was performing at this jazz bar in Atlanta.
When we were growing up though she didn’t say much. She just sat at the kitchen table and read books all day long smoking. Trey was protective of her because she was fragile. Charla was sweet though and always made sure there were some cookies or sandwiches to eat even though she wasn’t making much money tending bar at night (she’d stopped singing and begun bartending closer to home while Trey was little. We lived in a little town a few couple hours outside of Atlanta). Trey loved her very much. He looked just like her only way bigger. His skin was the color of French roast coffee beans and he was always fit with nice lean muscles. He wore his hair real short. His eye whites were really white. He had cute very white perfectly square little teeth with spaces in between. Charla called him Lil Chiclet.
Trey was much better looking than me. I had one of those sad white girl bodies that was like all torso and these short weenus legs. But I had a face apparently that men found attractive so that was at least something good from the old genetic grab bag. I still knew all about I’m-settling-for-you fucks though because out of low self esteem I did a lot of drugs in community college and put myself in a lot of unsafe situations and I probably smelled because I didn’t take a lot of baths then and I remember fucking some guys who were like well you’re here so okay but you got to leave out the back door so my buddies don’t make fun of me for doing a methwhore. I was supremely lucky I didn’t get a disease that antibiotics didn’t take care of. I got pregnant once you could call that a disease maybe haha but thank god I was able to go to Planned Parenthood and get an abortion. It was the thing that got me clean and sober. I went through some feelings about it. My head would bother me with thoughts about like, what if the fetus was already making plans like wanting to sell cars or something. But then I relaxed and knew I made the right decision. It was not the right time in my life to have a baby and also I had no money. And ultimately it does not matter what reasons I had- this is my body and choice is my right. Later when I really was on my feet I actually started donating to Planned Parenthood and I registered to vote too.
Anyhow, Trey joined the Marines when he turned 18. I didn’t see him for years. Then I got a phone call from Charla. She had married a rich guy and was now living in Texas. She told me she called my mom up to get my number. I was still living in our little town. Same as my folks. Well my dad had died a couple years ago but my mom was still around. I would visit her sometimes but she had a lot of negative things that just seemed to squirt out of her mouth. She’d been like that even when I was little. I think that’s why my dad died of cancer no joke. She just cancered him to death with always saying mean naggy things and having silent punishing moods and feeding us tuna noodle casseroles made with hate. Oh well she had a terrible childhood so it made sense she was a psycho. I still had low self esteem though because of her.
Anyway, Charla called up and all I heard first was breathless breathing on the other end of the line. She always had a sexy delicate out of breath voice like Marilyn Monroe. Charla? I said. I knew it was her even though I hadn’t talked to her in ten years. She told me she was hoping I would go check on Trey. She told me he’d been injured when he was in Afghanistan. He had since gotten full disability and honorable discharge and physical therapy but she was worried. He was still sounding funny on the telephone. She said she had visited him a few months ago and he’d seemed okay but a little withdrawn. Now he was sounding like a goofball again.
I told her I hadn’t seen him since we were teenagers and wasn’t sure if he’d appreciate it if I just barged in on him. Oh come on she said, he’s like your spirit brother just go over there and talk to him. I didn’t say anything. Then I asked her where he was living. She said I gave him the house, he’s in the same old house with the kudzu choking the shit out of it. Then she asked me about my life for a little while and what I’d been up to and stuff like that. Then she had to get going and when she asked me if I’d go over there I said Yes Ma’am like I always did with her. She said Thank you and that she loved me and hoped we could stay in touch. It was weird I hadn’t seen her in so long and she was on and off the phone so quick but it still felt like back when we saw each other every day.
I put off going over to the house for a while though. I was a little nervous. I wasn’t used to real human interaction anymore. I worked the night shift at the one quaint touristy hotel in our town. I did occasionally have to check in a guest or give them some more soap and towels so they could steal them later but mostly I was the night auditor and because I was good with numbers I ended up doing all their books. It was an ok job for a nocturnal person like me and it paid enough for me to rent a one bedroom apartment and own my own small vehicle so I was living better than most in the post-republican apocalypse.
Anyhow, I didn’t want to go see Trey but I did. One Wednesday late afternoon I drove over to his house which is in a little neighborhood kind of out in the boonies on a bluff near the river but there’s no view of it cuz there’s too many trees. Actually there’s sink hole problems too so that’s why its still really rural out there. I hadn’t gone out there in ten years. His house looked just like it did when we were ten, it was painted the same light blue faded almost to white and the kudzu was all over it again and the tall trees coming up right behind it. There used to be an old orange Volkswagon bug parked outside in the weeds with flat tires where we’d sit and eat popsicles but that was gone now. Just lots of tall weeds growing outside. It barely looked lived in but the mailbox was new. It was stainless steel and it glinted in the dark yellow late afternoon light.
I knocked on the door and no one answered. SO I knocked one more time and this time a man’s voice said Hang on and I heard footsteps and then he opened the door. He didn’t act that surprised to see me. Probably Charla had told him I was going to be coming. Hey there he said. Hi I said. He looked like Trey only a little older and more muscular, with some grey at his temples. He motioned for me to come in and I was immediately hit with how bad it reeked of bleach in there. He asked me if I wanted some water and I said okay and we went into the kitchen. Haha the same brown and beige flowered linoleum was in there. We used to find alien head shapes and dicks in the design.
He got me some water and we looked at each other. I told him it fucken reeked in here. He said lately he felt like he needed to clean a lot. I told him well look you don’t have to use bleach. That’s been proven to cause cancer you know. He said Yeah? I told him the owners of the hotel they’d switched to green cleaners and used white vinegar to clean the rooms. White vinegar kills 98% of germs, 82% of mold, and 80% of viruses I recited. And it’s completely non-toxic. He asked me where I worked and I said The Sundial and he said Oh cool and I said well they’re pretty cool. I told him how I was a maid for a while at the Red Lion and they had us cleaning with fucked up chemicals and some of the older maids actually got bladder cancer and stuff from them. We’d hear about these poor ladies. But instead of giving them money or changing the chemicals, Red Lion corporate made us sit down for a mandatory meeting where some Aflac rep tried to sell us cancer insurance that would come out of our paychecks. So you just knew Red Lion was making money off of us dying instead of just changing their cleansers or giving us health insurance for free, cuz they had cut this deal with Aflac.
That’s fucked up said Trey. I felt a little embarrassed then. I hadn’t uttered that many sentences together to anyone in a while, except when I screamed at my mom a while back. How have you been I asked him. He said he’d been okay and he asked if I wanted to sit in the living room. I said okay and he took me in there. All the carpet had been ripped up and there were a couple metal lawn chairs sitting in there on the concrete instead of the brown carpet and old couch we used to watch tv on. He said sit anywhere you like haha.
He turned out to really want to talk too. He told me what happened. He was teaching Afghani soldiers tactics in the Sangin District area of Helmand Province in Afghanistan when a sniper shot him from the hills. The sniper ate a Hellfire Missile from an Apache helicopter. I wasn’t sure if he wanted to talk about his injuries so I asked him other stuff about the war and he said he didn’t agree with the one in Iraq that obviously that was just over oil but he was glad there was an American presence in Afghanistan because they were treating the women like shit over there. Someone has to help those women get some rights he said.
I thought that was really cool. He was telling me all this, but it actually took him a lot longer than just this paragraph because he had to stop a lot and sort of think about what he was going to say. He didn’t sound brain damaged or anything, he was very clear and just as I always knew him, he just took longer to talk.
He asked if I wanted to see the backyard and so I said sure. We went out there and it was pretty funny. There was a goat out on the lawn staring at us. Trey said he belonged to the neighbors but they let him wander around so he’d come into Trey’s backyard and eat the grass. He hadn’t had to mow the lawn in a year. He likes me to feed him some treats too said Trey.
But then the goat saw me and he went off into the brush.
He just a little shy because he wants to make sure you aren’t gonna throw him in the paddy wagon and take him down to the pound. He’s like a regular down there. There’s a neighbor who always calls the animal cops on him and then the owners have to pick him up. Bill don’t like goin to jail.
Ha his name is Bill? That’s cute I said. There were a couple more chairs out in the yard next to some goat poops and we sat down next to them. Trey said it was good to see me and he asked if I would come over again. I said sure. Then he asked why I hadn’t before and I said I didn’t know. He asked if I was seeing anybody and I said no. Then he asked me if I had any friends which I thought was really rude because he was assuming the answer was no, like how it was when we were kids. I was friends with a couple women at work but they were busy with families. And they had invited me to their homes a few times but I found excuses not to go.
I had to get going to work after that but I promised to come back soon and we exchanged phone numbers. He called the next day and asked if I wanted to stop by before work and he would feed me an early dinner. I said ok. He cooked me some barbecue and homemade potato salad and we took it out in the backyard again. I was like Hey this is really good. Trey said thanks. Then he started talking some more.
This time he told me that he was wearing his helmet when he got shot and at first he thought it didn’t go through. They are made from Kevlar he told me. But the bullet went in at a weird angle and was still in the back of his head towards the right. They got it out though he said. And luckily I’m not retarded I just have a thing about words for some reason. The doctors are pretty mystified that’s one of my only problems besides some dizziness and depth perception issues but they say it’s a miracle and I should be grateful. I am really grateful man but I am a little depressed because I do have some dizziness so I can’t drive. I qualified for full disability. I want to start an online business. I have to have something to do I can’t just sit around.
I asked him if he missed the military and he said he did. He said he had actually loved some parts of it, he liked learning and keeping his body in peak condition and he said he just liked the adrenaline of battle. He said he was good at it. He kept real calm. It wasn’t hard. When the shit was going down you didn’t feel fear. You were in the zone of survival and you just got the shit done. He said when that got taken away from him he thought about killing himself for a while.
We continued to get together in the afternoons before I had to go to work. We’d just sit out in the backyard. And sometimes feed Bill, who by this time had got to trusting me. A couple weeks later Trey asked me if I ever thought about killing myself. I told him sure. I told him about how right after I’d gotten off drugs I went and found another drug in the form of this loser and we’d beat the shit out of each other. Well mostly I got beat up but I got some licks in too. But one night he broke my arm in three places and the cops got called and they took him away. I couldn’t stay with him anymore even though I had been real afraid to leave. It was done. I had been living at his place so I had nowhere to go when I got out of the hospital. I went to a shelter that social services set up for me. And I was sleeping in this church basement and it smelled like pee and I wanted to get high again for a second and the whole situation was pretty gross and depressing.
Yeah that sounds pretty bad he said. Sure I said. But I got work after that and eventually got my own place so it’s cool now. And my drug days are over. That shit is done. That’s good he said. After that conversation we fucked. It was really good. It was a turn on that he had condoms and offered to get them before I had to ask. Way better than when we were fifteen.
After that we started dating. I guess we helped each other because we both forced each other to go to therapy. After a few months of seeing each other very regularly I realized Trey did actually have depression, and at a certain point I got real tired of it because he was moping around and I felt like he was trying to drag me down and I said I think you really need to see a therapist. And he was like if I need to see one you need to see one too, cuz you ain’t all there either. I was like what the fuck is that supposed to mean and he said come one you’re still all locked up like when we were kids. And that pissed me off but I said I’d take my loser ass to see one if he went down to the VA and got signed up with one too. We actually shook on it.
SO I did find a therapist who agreed to see me on a sliding scale. She made me talk about my mother of course and low self esteem and everything. It did actually slowly start to help me. She did this neat thing where I had to think about a traumatic event in my life and watch her move her finger back and forth in the air like a clock pendulum. She said there was some link between processing and healing painful events in the brain and rapid eye movement. She also had me write stuff down to and read it to her.
Trey went and saw some a guy too. He started getting better too. It is actually a trip how much more balanced a person can get if they have an outlet to talk like once a week, even twice a month, which was all I could afford most of the time. Trey then started getting into healthy living. He planted his own organic garden in the back and he was really proud of it. He said he had since realized that his military rations were all non-organic pesticide laced corporate food crap. They were feeding us something called um, hydrogenated oils and high fructose corn syrup he told me. He said no wonder so many people are overweight when that’s what they’re getting fed. He said his shit stunk way worse and he had back zits when he was active. Now they’re all gone he said.
So he was really getting into his organic garden which was neat to see him start to get juiced about something. Bill was a little pissed because Trey built chicken wire around it but he’d come by and we’d hand him some treats over the fence. I was starting to look healthier since Trey was feeding me so much produce. We began selling it a farmers market and I drove his truck for him but it looks like he’s going to get his drivers license back now.
During that time I came up with the idea of us playing Scrabble together so it would build up the word synapses in Trey’s brain. It was helping him. He actually started being obnoxious and debating with me after a while. One time he won with this word “extant”. I was all what the hell is that. And he was all crowing it’s a word it’s a word it means like umm, it means like uh you know and he took too long explaining it so I accused him of cheating. We looked it up on his phone and it did turn out to be a word. What it means is “still in existence, still alive”. Haha just like us I thought. I felt good at that moment, an acceptance that life felt like there were some possibilities for once. It was like getting to have a new childhood I don’t know how to explain it. It’s just the beginning of something is all.



Surgery


My gramma asked me to help her kill herself. It was kind of a weird thing for the universe to throw at me considering she was the only person who knew I had seriously considered suicide at one time and the only person who’d helped me get through it. How I got through it was I got plastic surgery. She helped me pay for some of it too. So I only had to get myself into somewhat marginally fucked up credit card debt. Because I will cover this later but I will say you got to protect your credit with your life, it is your passkey to get through society and acquire the things you need like healthcare and a house and transportation and brand new titties but sometimes you have to sacrifice your financial life so you can actually live and then your finances end up rising out of the flames like a phoenix anyway because you have such a better frame of mind that prosperity consciousness just comes naturally to you.
But back to my gramma. She was all fucked up from various degenerative ailments and was in constant pain poops in a diaper etc so I couldn’t tell her no. And I realized she had every right to want to go with some peace and dignity and freedom from needless suffering. She wasn’t giving up on life, it was just played out was all. So I told her I would need to prepare myself for a couple days and she said ok but hurry up this body ain’t gonna to kill itself. I laughed. She had heard that joke in a movie where someone says something like “this dick isn’t going to suck itself”. She could be funny. But this account isn’t actually about my gramma per se, i.e. about her own hopes and dreams and her personality. I will write a separate story about her actual life and struggles and growth. This one’s about how she helped my life.
She died three days into my research, when we were about to purchase a pistol. I wasn’t being lazy with the research either, like just letting her suffer while I fucked around online. There were more options since I had been suicidal over fifteen years ago. And First off, I had to ask my gramma if she wanted to see a therapist which she didn’t. Because I wasn’t going to just kill my gramma without trying to put her in therapy first. And probably myself too. I was nervous about even discussing this with a therapist because what if I got charged with murder and the cops pressured the therapist to spill how I was telling her I was researching ways to kill my gramma. I’d seen shit like that on tv.
Anyhow, this is what I learned about new suicide ways: From what I understand, assisted suicide is legal in some places like Switzerland. There is even “suicide tourism” where people with the means can travel there and get killed at a euthanasia clinic. The Swiss have a really great method too. They give you sodium pentobarbital which makes you fall asleep very comfy like. Its what the U.S. used for needle executions in prison but now the Danish company Lundbeck that manufactures it has forbidden using it for capitol punishment. Pentobarbital is the generic form of the brand name Nembutal, one of those hard core sleeping pills that bims in the sixties took like in Valley of the Dolls.
Okay so a euthanasia doctor gives you a prescription of Nembutal combined with an anti-emitic (which is a drug that prevents throwing up) and you just go to sleep and your heart stops. Studies show that almost everybody would prefer this type of suicide to the other available options. This is why a lot of veterinary offices are all security conscious and have to buzz you in through an intercom after hours like they’re an abortion clinic or something. It’s because the junkies know that the veterinarian has some good drugs. Like pentobarbital formulations which, in addition to acting as the perfect suicide tool also make you feel relaxed and high and even hallucinate. Veterinarians give this drug to dogs who have seizures. Human doctors give it to humans for seizures also. Probably everyone would pick this method out of all the others except for sober alcoholics. They wouldn’t want to break their sobriety and die all fucked up on some downers. Which makes sense to me.
Anyhow, in poor countries, apparently hanging is the most popular method to kill your self because of the cheapness and availability of rope. But it is very painful, you suffocate to death, it’s only instantaneous if you break your neck when you fall and for that to happen you can’t just kick the chair out from under you. You have to get the physics of it right with the correct trajectory when you fall from like a second story or something. In the US a lot of suicides are by gun, and I don’t think that sounds like an awful way to go provided you don’t fuck up and just blow half your face off and then end up a vegetable and deformed to boot.
There’s a newer method that some people are using and it’s called the exit bag. Its cheap, all you need is a plastic bag, about a thirteen gallon garbage bag is fine and some gas. You can buy a fancier bag online for forty bucks which has Velcro enclosures for around your neck but you can use rubber bands or whatever. Apparently if you use carbon dioxide it is a painful death because the body recognizes when it is breathing in C02 instead of oxygen and it panics. But if you rent a tank of helium from a party store and attach that into the bag the body won’t know it’s breathing something besides life giving oxygen and you peacefully pass out before you know you’re suffocating.
But I think that way sounds creepy. People in the US are smart by just blowing their brains out with a gun. I think that is way quicker and nicer. But some folks care about who is going to find their body and they don’t want to look undignified or gross. They don’t want their brains drying on the drapes. I guess they’d rather be found with a plastic bag on their heads. My gramma didn’t care about vanity though, she said a pistol would do fine. So at first I was going to buy a black market gun because I obviously didn’t want the cops to find out the gun registered in my name had been used to kill my gramma even though I don’t think they would have found any kind of motive for my doing it. But then I figured I could get all flustered about having to lie and they would wonder how this infirm old lady managed to purchase an illegal firearm so I realized I was just going to have to buy one at a store. I could just say she stole it out of my nightstand when I was going to the bathroom. Besides, I wasn’t going to be the one who did it. She said after I got her all comfy and arranged attractively on some pillows in her bathtub (she wanted to be as comfortable as possible but still make it easier for the unfortunate people who have to clean up crime scenes and dead bodies), that she would give me plenty of time to get somewhere public so I’d have an alibi and then she’d do it.
Luckily my gramma had to go to the hospital that weekend and within 72 hours she died peacefully in her sleep on a shitload of morphine in the hospital so that was nice. I was with her the whole time. I love her. As I said She helped me a lot when I suicidal at a very young age. It was because of my looks. I was born an ugly beast for real. On my dad’s side of the family there runs an unfortunate resemblance to the Frankenstein monster. They are big tall weird looking people. My body was ok. I could get a little overweight sometimes, but I had a strong athletic frame and I was pretty good about staying fit and healthy. No real problem there. But my face was a problem.
I had a big forehead, which is often what happens when you’re born with a buckethead (a big head). I had a giant wide jaw, like pretty heavy and square. My dad once said you could crack walnuts with it. And I got this big nose. I just got a really unfortunate combo of heavy features, small sunken eyes, and a big nose. And not a cute femininely shaped large nose either. It did not fit my face, it just looked like someone had put a pair of those gag glasses with big noses on my face while I was sleeping.
My parents were relatively healthy people and not unattractive. My dad did razz me about my looks sometimes to get me to not take myself so seriously (he was in the Army and then got a job as a high school football coach so he nurtured me in kind of a tough stop being a pussy and get that touchdown kind of way) and that is not at all what damaged me. Cuz they also said I was cute and they meant it. They actually loved me, their objectivity regarding my looks was not reliable because I was their progeny but they did love me. What damaged me was that I was not considered attractive by the opposite sex. And my girlfriends would try not to hurt my feelings but I knew they were secretly glad their nickname in high school was not “Lurch”.
I did develop some hatred toward men for being rejected and being the chick they wanted to fuck if I kept a bag over my head etc but ultimately I couldn’t really blame them. We all want to have sex with someone we find attractive, even the ugly people. Just because I was ugly didn’t mean I wanted to fuck other ugly people, although that is usually what happens (unless one of them is rich). But generally what happens is two ugly poor, working or middle class people find each other and then they have an ugly family. It is also true that energy accounts for so much. There are some people who have such good kind souls or are really evolved and have major spiritual presence and thus a lot of sexual energy (because spiritual energy is sexual energy, it’s ectoplasm rising up through your root chakra and out the top of your head) and this makes them sexy. Or you can be ugly sexy like when someone has these kinda tore up looks but there’s still something kind of good looking about them. Plus if they have a lot of confidence ugly sexy can be real sexy. And it is true that handsome is as handsome does. People do become more attractive once you know them and they turn out to be really great. And pretty people who are assholes end up fucking gross when you get to know them or once they have steeped in their own asshole vibes for long enough. But there is a problem sometimes with getting past the initial ugh you have not a cute face.
And I sure wanted to have fun and have sex and feel desired. And maybe someday have a relationship or several. But that was being denied to me. And my self esteem was just fucking low. We are a visual fucking species. It just sucked. I tried to read some self help type literature on the subject. The turning point for me was when this one lady wrote an article about how she had suffered throughout her life for being a somewhat frightening specimen but now she was married and had worked through most of the feelings that she couldn’t believe her husband wanted to be with her. And she went on and on about how she got fucked with in high school and how it was still harder to get jobs and promotions and help in stores etc etc and how she is actually still pretty bitter about it but she is taking the high road by self acceptance and not being shallow and it just dawned on me. Bitch what is more shallow is still being obsessed with your face but not admitting it. Like just be honest it bothers you and go get yourself some surgery so you can start putting your energy into something else more constructive.
It’s kind of like what the fuck. If you aren’t cute, it’s ok, go ahead, you can fix it. Looks aren’t everything but they are a big deal in a lot of ways and it’s not going to hurt anyone to get the work done. As long as you don’t smoke, complications are rare. Getting some plastic surgery is not going to cause the assassination of a beloved world leader or molest a small child or put more republicans in office; it isn’t going to hurt anyone to get some work on your fucking face. After reading this person’s long in-denial treatise on why she is such a better person because she’s been unhappy her whole life yet never taken any action to change it, I knew what I had to do.
So instead of committing suicide or worse being a bore I got my jaw broken and reset. They shaved my jawbone down and reshaped my chin. I got a nose job. I got some fillers injected under my eyes cuz I always had these deep haggard bags under my eyes. I got some collagen in my upper lip. I was real careful with the fillers though since you can get hogwild with them and end looking like all those aging stars with melting candle Joker faces but I got the right amount. I also got a small eyelift on my left eye since it drooped somewhat perceptibly compared to my right eye. I don’t feel the need to tell you the technical medical names of these procedures and what all exactly they did to my muscles and skin because who cares. The doctor will discuss all this with you if you’re a fellow uglo and you need some help. Oh yeah and I got laser resurfacing on my face from the intensive acne scars I had. I forgot to mention those. I had borderline disfiguring acne in high school.
It was actually during the zitty times in high school when I first seriously considered committing suicide and then again in my early twenties when the scars were still darkly pigmented and deep. The rejection I got from boys was just so bad. And the cystic acne zit pustules were so evil and painful. I decided I was going to slit my wrists in the bathtub but I was so worried I wasn’t going to do it right. Apparently when people try to slit their wrists the correct way, you know vertically instead of horizontally, if they survive they often have fucked up deformed handicapped hands because they sever the tendons in the wrist connecting to the hands. I became convinced I was somehow going to fuck up my suicide. That may be the only reason I survived. That, and I could never handle my liquor or drugs. My stomach was too sensitive for even like aspirin. I guess it wasn’t my karma to be an alcoholic or addict. It was just my karma to be a monster for a while. But anyhow, that’s all over now.
Everything took almost a year to finish and heal from. My gramma gave me about half the money and the rest I put on credit cards. Some of the debt I was able to make deals with the credit card companies for and just charge them off, some I just had to wait the seven years for the outstanding debts to erase off my credit. My credit looks ok now but it took ten years to repair and a lot of blood sweat and tears so I would never advise it unless you just got to.
With my new face I went from being seriously a 3 to a 7 ½ ! Even an 8 on a good day with good lighting. I got so much more dates! I got so much more sex! First I kind of went nuts and had the adolescence that was denied to me before. I sucked some dicks pretty indiscriminately let me tell you. And then I had to get even with men for a while for rejecting me by being a completely obnoxious cock tease. But I calmed down with that behavior before I got raped and murdered and ended up dating three very nice kind attractive gentlemen. I still am just having civilized short serial monogamous encounters because I couldn’t even imagine settling down, unless I really fell hard in love. I bypassed the desire to procreate and marry when it was denied to me initially and my only options were to have married a frightening man who resented me because I was all he could get. Now I’m just enjoying being relatively young still (early forties) and dating. I might settle down about five years from now. Or maybe not, who knows. All I know is I’m happy.
And it’s not like the romance part of life is even guaranteed. Because lots of times when people fall in love it’s only to do some specific karma together like raise a child or whatever and then the karma is over and you don’t want to be with them anymore. I have no romantic illusions about anything. I’m just so happy to walk into the grocery store and get checked out. By both men and the lesbians who work at the organic supermarket I go to. It feels wonderful. Work got so much better too. I am an accountant haha which is pretty funny seeing as how I was willing to butcher my credit for the time being (there are ways to repair it quickly however. Like paying your credit card off in full every month, even if it just has a 500 dollar limit or something and you feel like a loser criminal who got issued a pity credit card after being released from jail with a brown paper bag holding your things It doesn’t matter you just nurture that little five hundred limit credit card and treat it real good.)
If you can stay employed full time for a while it looks good. I know that is miraculous in this economy but it can still happen. There are a lot of things to make your credit better. First off, make sure you vote Democrat or Green Party. Seriously if you want a job with health insurance and paid sick days and a union you got to vote Liberal. If you can, get a used car and make the payments regularly every month. There are a lot of things to make your credit better. Get a used car and make the payments regularly every month. I know there’s all manner of things you can do with your mortgage or equity but I never messed around with that. I rent. I don’t like the idea of being trapped in some pile of bricks. What if you find out one of those scumbag oil companies did some fracking in the woods behind your house and now you can light the water coming out of your kitchen faucet on fire? Actually I know that particular problem is going to be done away with soon. Fracking will be made illegal and we’re all gonna have solar panels on our roofs very soon. But I’m still just gonna rent cuz what if I get a better job somewhere else or I just get bored with the area or and want to get the fuck out?
But paying your rent on time looks good really good. In today’s economy I know it’s very hard to get any kind of job with a liveable wage due to all the jobs being overseas which they are going to have to bring back or else eventually the poor people are going to have a revolution and put all the rich peoples’ heads on pikes but you deserve financial stability and you will have it if you believe. And you deserve to feel physically good about yourself. You deserve to not feel suicidal because people think you’re frightening. Or even if you’re just averagely unattractive or you happen to be older and you’ve aged in some bummer ways. Those situations can be painful too. Just get the work you want done so you can participate in this earthly realm the way you want to. Cuz seriously in this dimension we have flesh bodies that our souls live in and how the earth vehicle looks sometimes matters.
Now with all that said, my gramma really helped me with this next part too: she said I understand you wanting to look physically attractive, that is so normal. But don’t go overboard. Don’t get all fake and wear too much makeup or high heels that mutilate your body (my gramma was a staunch supporter of sensible shoes and I agreed with her after I saw the xrays of women’s bodies who wore high heels and they seriously have deformed feet and hip problems and poor circulation and swollen weird foot veins and bad backs). Body mutilation is usually a form of mental illness. It’s weird fetish shit. My gramma just kept saying that the natural look is best and it’s what most people find the most attractive. So I just invested in some high quality classic pieces that fit my body flatteringly and cute shoes with a heel never more than an inch a half. And I just wear a tee shirt and pair of jeans and sneakers most of the time when I’m going about my daily life. I get asked out all the time.
I also quit my job working for an accountant-in-a-box corporation and went into business for myself. Now the jobs for accountants have really dried up due to all the computer software you can buy now that does your taxes for you but I have carved a niche market out for myself doing the taxes of some wealthy people I met while I was hanging out in my plastic surgeons waiting room. The wealthy always need personal accountants and they trust me, because we were in the trenches together. We saw each other sitting in a doctor’s office with stitches and bruises and bloody gauze hanging out our noses. I’m always real up front with these people though and tell them if they try to get me to hide their money to avoid paying taxes and shit like that I will report them. So I just have nice liberal rich people clients and I’m making a good living now.
My gramma loved hearing about my new blossoming life and she truly did end up being my best friend. As I started making more money I took her on some trips. We went to the Grand Canyon and to France to see the Palace of Versailles. She wanted to go to Kenya and see wild elephants and so we did that. I was able to pay her back the money she fronted me for my work done and then some. She supported me through everything and I was very lucky to get to be around her. And if she hadn’t died peacefully I would have absolutely helped her end her life. But I didn’t have to and I am pretty grateful for that too. Gramma I love you wherever you are. I’m wishing you the best new life wherever you decide to reincarnate next and I’m going to be writing about you next week. I miss you. You had so many good solutions. Thank you.



Alien Hot Tub


I was probably born angry. My earliest memories are of being rageful and feeling like I was fucked over. Probably because I was the second kid and the baby of the family but I got dick in terms of attention. My parents were in love with their firstborn, a boy who was real extroverted and jolly and cute. My mom entered him in a cute baby diaper contest in the mall and he lost to some other baby but there is a giant picture of him in the saggy diaper with a second place sash on his body in our house. In the middle of the living room hanging like the Christ so if people came over that’s what they saw. They didn’t have as many pictures up of me. In my baby pictures I was always scowling like you were showing me some catshit. Because that’s what god and life was doing at the time.
Some more bad stuff happened in the seventh grade when I was walking to school and I got hit by a delivery van when the driver had a heart attack and passed out at the wheel. The van ripped my right foot off and it flew really unnaturally far off in some bushes so by the time they found it it was actually all stale and covered with ants and they couldn’t save it. So I had to be a cripple. And still feel like my right foot itches even though it fucking doesn’t because it fucking got ripped off.
My parents got some money as a settlement for my phantom foot but they spent it on my brother’s braces and his shiny new bicycle and future young republicans summer camp. I often wondered how cripples and quadriplegics and other freaks could be happy because it’s a miserable life but I interviewed some of them later on when I got a chance like if I saw someone in a wheelchair breathing through a tube at the bus stop or whatever and I would ask them about their lives. And most of them said the same thing. That they got a lot of attention. That they were the center of their family’s universe. None of them said that outright I mean not too many people have the humility or insight to admit they are totally self centered and that they revel in it like pigs in shit. But that’s what was going on. It was relatively easy to figure out when they were like “I have a very supportive family… my mother built this extra wing in the house for me with a special shower and gym… I interview girls to light my weed pipe for me and stick their cute little rubber gloved fingers up my ass to get the shit out and I always make sure I hire the hottest youngest ones…”
Of course these answers came from people who had some money. The poor disabled people of which I was one were not so happy. They were working crappo jobs or unemployed like pretty much everyone else and they were expected to just handle it and shut the fuck up about their extra problems. A lot of them get some government assistance thank god for that I don’t bedgrudge anyone their government assistance. I didn’t get much help from the government as a kid except for some free haunted house beige prosthetic feet but that was better than nothing.
Oh yeah and incidentally I shouldn’t have used the pigs in shit phrase. Pigs are smarter than dogs and really smart and loving. And they aren’t dirty. They have very sensitive skin, just like a human’s, and they cover themselves in mud so that they don’t get sunburns or bug bites. And if an organic farmer installed a little outdoor shower for the pigs so they could pull a cord and the water would come out they all get in line and use the shower every day. I saw a documentary on it.
Anyhow I left home at 18 because my biological family was so gross. I spent some years working awful jobs night and day and being really poor. I was working like a mutherfucking slave and I still couldn’t pay all my bills or buy good food. Then at 27 I contracted pneumonia and didn’t have health insurance cuz I couldn’t afford it so I ended up in major hospital bill debt. I lost my current poop job and almost got evicted from the one room apartment I was renting when miraculously I got this job at a printing company delivering whatever pamphlets or corporate propaganda some company had printed up and I would deliver these to them in a timely fashion. I’d applied for the job before I got sick and they called after I got out of the hospital. I did the interview when I was still on antibiotics. I eventually became the assistant project supervisor there and had hiring capability and was making enough to afford my own car and rent a small house and buy a really good prosthetic with a silicone sleeve and titanium base.
I could be good with people on a professional level but I didn’t have any real friends because I deep down nurtured a resentment at people in general because my introduction to them had been through my family. Then I got diagnosed with celiac disease after getting really sick and being all inflamed with red eyes and what was I thought was Irritable Bowel Syndrome until I finally got a homeopathic doctor to do the celiac test on me because my regular GP was too ignorant to think I needed it. Celiac disease is an autoimmune disorder of the small intestine and you end up with bad fatigue and all kinds of inflammatory issues and diarrhea. It was very rare until they started genetically fucking with the wheat. That was something I learned, that even though the government says they have not allowed Monsanto Genetically Modified wheat onto the market, almost all the world’s wheat production is GMO and has been since the fifties. They took wheat in the fifties and exposed the kernels to toxic chemicals that caused DNA mutations and then irradiated them with xrays to cause more mutations. They did this to make the wheat have more starch (which incidentally means way more sugar plus there is this super addictive binge-causing chemical in there too) and way more gluten (the protein in wheat that people with celiac disease react to, and it turns out most of the population has an allergic reaction to as well).
Big Agro is still doing this today- seedless fruit and high oleic oils are good examples of genetically modified food. It’s just that the current legally accepted definition of GMO is when part of the gene sequence is altered or deleted using gene splicing technology. It makes no sense that using poison and xrays to alter the genetic sequence isn’t considered genetic modificaton because IT FUCKING IS!!! And what really pissed me off was the guy that invented this Frankenstein wheat got the Nobel Prize and the Congressional Medal of Honor and shit all because he thought he was eradicating world hunger and these other morons thought so too. Instead, he paved the way for Monsanto and Big Agro to take advantage of small farmers in this country and others because SURPRISE! this new fucked-with wheat needs a lot more pesticides to grow. There were people who criticized this scientist’s work, they said it was bad for people’s health and the environment and for local economies. He didn’t listen to them though because I suspect he was a fucking egomaniac. Even organic wheat is made with this poisonous strain that got invented so many years ago. 
When I learned stuff like this I just got angrier. I didn’t have a constructive way to deal with information like this. And then I’d end up somehow translating it into more rage at my parents for their neglect and abuse. You can’t pass on something you haven’t got. I had never been given love by like anybody. Yeah my parents had never starved me or raped me but they did hit me and never hit my brother. And the psychological abuse was much worse than the physical. They didn’t kiss me goodnight but they kissed him etc etc. So I nurtured dark fantasies of revenge. One time there was a girl at school when I was fourteen and she kicked me in the prosthesis in the school parking lot and I fell down. She and her friends laughed. I tried to get up and beat the shit out of her but I didn’t do it fast enough and they got away. 
I sure hated her. I nurtured the dark fantasies about her too, very intricate ones. Like in one she is jogging on the school track and this black limo pulls up and a guy steps out and grabs her as she’s rounding the curve and he sodomizes her with a martini shaker and bashes her over the head with it and pushes her out into the gutter. I come upon her and cradle baby her broken body in my arms like The Pietà and I yell for an ambulance and I ride with her to the hospital and she likes me after that and kisses my ass ever after. Later in real life I heard that she’d moved to LA to be an actress and someone did break into her apartment and raped and murdered her. A part of me was glad. Does that make me a bad person. Probably.
Naturally I gravitated towards men who were fucked up and gross like I was. I met this one guy at a gluten free cooking class I was going to and he seemed nice enough but energy attracts its own level and sure enough he turned out to be one of those sickos that’s likes to hogtie women and shove pineapples up their pussies or whatever because he’s still so angry at his own mommy. He was a raging drug addict alcoholic too. He liked me to administer vodka and speedball shots to him and then let him beat me up while both of us wore tacky black latex and put metal clothespins on my nipples and run electric current though them and whatever else was on the menu for a couple weeks. Then he suggested we go out in the woods and do this adolescent goofball body mutilation shit out in the glories of nature.
So we went out there and he tied each of my arms and legs to a tree (he must have already found the place and planned it beforehand because there were four trees and they were growing close enough to tie someone spread eagle to them.) Of course I was naked. Then he left me there. We had hiked in like four hours and I was out in the middle of nowhere. For the first day I thought this was part of his game and he was going to come back any second. Then I realized he’d left me for dead. And I did almost die. I was out there for five days. But then some aliens found me and took me up in their spaceship and healed me. For real.
And I am no longer an angry person as a result. I passed out around day three because it was hot (we live in Central Florida) and I was real dehydrated. It was a blessing to pass out because I was worried ants were going to find me and eat my eyes and pussy first. That was like the most fucking disgusting bad thing I could imagine happening and it probably made me pass out. So then I woke up and I was with Them. But let me tell you, when you’re up there you’re in a sort of different level of consciousness, it’s not this huge shock. It’s like dreaming a little bit. The beings were grayish and had soft shiny skin that looked too delicate for earth’s gravity and atmosphere. Sort of like a dolphin skin but without the density you can feel in one of those dolphin’s rubbery bodies.
Some of the beings were taller than me, like eight feet tall. They had giant heads. Some of the beings were very small, like four feet tall and they also had heads disproportionally large for their bodies, compared to the human being body/head ratio (which looks like a caveman Neanderthal body when you put it next to an alien one). Their eyes were giant and dark like an insect’s eyes but they also glowed, I guess with astral energy though because there were no pupils really. But life and intelligence and kindness shown out of them. The ship was all glowing light and silver, like light was glowing directly from the silver.
They seemed to have an enclosure that sort of looked like it was a bubble built of glass and inside the bubble there were canisters suspended in air, like just floating there, and they were glowing neon green. The aliens would go sit in there and absorb something from the green canisters, maybe they fed like plants by manufacturing fuel from light sort of like photosynthesis, I don’t know. They might just feed directly on the energy of the universe that rises up through your chakra system when you have an orgasm. And speaking of which, they didn’t have genitals. They were smoothies. I think they bred by just gestating a new baby alien and growing it in one of those canisters. Or maybe they were able to birth it right out of the ether, like manifest it from there, I’m not sure.
I might normally have been upset when they held me down on a table and inspected me, but they explained they were helping me and I telepathically knew they were telling the truth. It’s like how at the ER you give your permission to the doctor to do what they need to in order to help you. They didn’t hold me down with physical force. The big ones were around me and I guess they held me down with their minds. And they spoke in a robot voice like they were speaking through a voice scrambling device like what criminals use when explaining how to drop off the ransom money. They said they were going to heal my intestines. They shoved something up my ass the proverbial butt probe and it kind of hurt. Or I thought it hurt. Then they let me off of the table and brought me to something that looked like a hot tub with the bubbles on but the fluid looked like glowing purple plasm and there was no container holding the plasm, unless it was some kind of see thru force field. We stepped into it and then the glowing lavender plasm stuff began to rotate like a slow whirlpool and I went around and around in this tub for a while. One of the aliens rode with me.
Then they showed me space through a porthole type window aperture. I think they were telling me things the whole time. Stuff about taking care of myself and the other living creatures on earth. They said there was a being on earth who had finished all his karma and that they wanted to continue to evolve and finish all their karma too so they could be like him. Wasn’t sure what they were talking about. It was pretty busy up there. The memory that is most strong in my mind is that there was good vibes up there. I felt safe and cared for and respected.
They dropped me off after that and I came to in the clearing in the woods. But I wasn’t tied up anymore or thirsty and all fucked up. I was able to find my clothes and backpack that loser had stacked behind a bush and walk back to the base parking lot. They had a public restroom there and I got a drink of water from the fountain outside. Didn’t even throw up, the aliens had rehydrated me. I walked further down the road and after about an hour caught the local bus and got back into town.
I went to the cops to report what the guy had done to me, I figured they maybe wouldn’t believe me because I didn’t look all tore up but wanted to at least have it on the guy’s record in case he tried to do it to someone else. But it turns out one of his neighbors had complained about a stench that morning and the building super busted in and found the guy liquefied into his couch. He’d tied me up in the woods, then driven home and shot up and OD’ed. Fitting end I say. They probably had to burn that couch in hell.
After my experience I did some research into other alien abductees’ experiences and found in some ways they did mirror my own. Although some of them were pretty pissed about the butt probe. They just hadn’t realized it was a healing tool so they wouldn’t get ass cancer or something. The research was very interesting, because there are people all over the world who have seen UFOs or been up there with them. A lot of them said they were changed people after they came back. I know I was. I was more philosophical about my resentments. I just was different. I realized I wanted to release some of that stuff and have more peace in my life. It wasn’t coming from a noble or mature place, I realized I just wanted peace is all. And to keep my body safe from here on out. I kept eating good gluten free organic foods, and I started taking long walks after work and even meditating.
I am active in factory farm animal rights now, and also into organic non-poisoned food. I did a march for NO GMO’s this year. A hundred thousand people across the nation turned out. I got into therapy with a very competent therapist and she gave me these writing assignments for how to reprogram my brain to not be angry. I’ll give you the title of the book that has the directions for how to do it at the end of this. This method really has continued to help me. I am weekly emptying the garbage in my brain so something more normal and happy can grow in there. I of course do not interact with my family, but I have grown way more non-attached about what they did. If they wanted to be loving and respectful to me maybe I’d give them a chance but they are still dismissive and shitty so fuck them. I can find other people in my life who will care about me. Your family doesn’t have to be the ones you were born with.
I haven’t started fucking anyone else, but that’s because I’m being more picky this time. It’s a nice thing to look forward to though. And get this- I actually got a promotion at work. Once they found out I hadn’t just ditched my job or gotten murdered, they were happy to have me back and I am now a manager of my own division. It’s a bigger paycheck. That promotion was wonderful. This job had always been the one good thing in my life, and it was a big deal, because it gave me security-financial independence. There were a lot of days I wished I could kill myself when I was real poor. So once I got the job I wasn’t poor. And I felt some relief from the worry and was able to get stuff I wanted like my state of the art prosthesis. And then I began to shine in the job and enjoy it. And I got credit for doing well. But I will say now, it sure does feel good to be non-self destructive at something else besides work. I am like a full-fledged human being now. And I have some other-than-human-beings to thank for it.
P.s. The book I use in therapy is called “The Process” by Isa Moore.



Pelagos
Year 2097.


My grampa made a lot of money in the landfill reclamation game. He was one the first people to start mining all the dumps for every recyclable item. He was also the very first to buy some boats, invest in his now famous patented harvestment technology, and start harvesting the North Atlantic Gyre, which you might recall was also known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, or simply The Pacific Trash Vortex. Here’s what a gyre is: a system of rotating ocean currents influenced by the wind so it’s sort of like this area and whatever gets corralled in it just stays there and keeps swirling around and around. My grampa harvested most of the tiny particulate trash matter or “microplastics” (their size is 5mm or less and they are also known as “nurdles”) in that region and his company became the international leader in the harvestment of pelagic plastics. (Pelagic means a body of water that isn’t near the bottom or the shore) and it’s what made him one of the first trillionaires. For a while the only guy richer than my grampa was this one solar battery inventor. That guy is one of the reasons Big oil was destroyed worldwide and he sure got real rich.
But luckily the laws were stiffer by then and no one person was allowed to hoard all the money in circulation, and become their own money gyre. Millionaires were taxed on 90% and above of their income, like they were back in the early 1960’s in America. Back then the US enjoyed prosperous times, where only one person in the family had to go to work, and home ownership was within the reach of the average person. Because contrary to the lies Republicans try to tell you, super high tax rates on the rich do not hurt the economy or encourage laziness. During the 1950’s and early 1960’s, the top bracket income tax rate was over 90%- and the economy, the middle class, and the stock market boomed. My grampa repeated this to me over and over again. Sometimes I would get bored and look out the window and he’d yell “Susanna!” really fucking loud and then force me to watch the business channel with him as punishment.
Funny though, my family, even though all their money came from the sea primarily, they didn’t live near it. I was raised in Kansas in a gated neighborhood with other rich hillybillys. Some of them were nice and some of them were pretty depraved. Some were just depressed. One was an ex pop star who had been the hugest thing in the late 2060’s but he wasn’t able to keep the career fires burning once he wasn’t physically young and perfect anymore. This person was actually friends with my mom and told her he was doing better now that he was in a happy relationship. He told her he got sober and realized that even the huge iconic stars of music and film stopped getting as much attention once they got so old no one wanted to fuck them anymore. He said he realized he could have stayed famous longer if he’d been more creative and had more soul juice to share with the world, and that people are still interested in fucking you even if you’re older if you have a lot of spiritual energy since that’s what creates sexual bliss anyway, but that he realized back then he didn’t have that much soul juice at all, or talent either, and he’d made peace with that. He’d mostly just liked getting high and fucking groupies anyway. Now that he was sober and married to a lovely husband, he just wanted to focus on his garden and his homelife.
I know he was telling her this because he wanted my mom to get sober. Everyone knew she was a falling down sloppy drunk because she did it at garden parties and at the grocery store. It was predicted by a few tired gossip sites that I would follow in her footsteps. This was because my whole family were drunks, even my famous grampa. Except he’d gotten sober also, like thirty years ago. Due to stem cell advancements, he was still alive. But he never went out in public anymore and refused to talk to anybody. He’d sold the controlling interests in his empire when his health started getting bad and now he lived in a cabin in a field behind our house (he was in a wheel chair but doing good, they said he was going to be out of the wheelchair permanently really soon, and would be walking perfectly). He hated my mom and dad who he thought were parasitic losers who never did anything with their lives but sponge off him and be lushes, but he liked me. Which was nice because no one else really did. It felt like that anyhow. I had a hard time making friends. And I had a stutter. It was pretty bad the teasing. My grampa just acted like I didn’t have it. Sometimes if I was trying to say something and the stutter got stuck in the loop for too long he’d reach over smack me really hard in my back. It always worked. My grampa was my friend.
He would tell me stories about how when he was a poor kid, he dreamed of becoming rich and powerful and how he educated himself and got an engineering degree online and after working as a chemical engineer for a couple years started designing the blueprints for his landfill reclamation equipment. He told me seagulls have one of the strongest digestive systems on the planet, that’s how come they could survive on trash at the dump and McDonald’s food left in the parking lot (speaking of which they’ve been out of business since before I was born, my grampa had to tell me about them). He also told me the story about how he built his second company Pelagos Industries a thousand times. But I liked hearing certain parts of it, like how he came up with the name. He said someone in a dream told him about it. He’d always loved the ocean so when he decided his next inventions were going to be devices that harvested the gyre’s trash, he started having dreams about the sea and then some beings on the astral plane started talking to him about it in different languages. He said someone with a heavy Greek accent told him Pelagos meant “open sea” in Ancient Greek. And he woke up and shook my grandmother awake (she was a hard sleeper and also a drunk) and said “Shirley goddamnit I got it!” He filed all the patents under Pelagos Industries.
I was jealous my grampa had all these adventures and made this fantastic life for himself out on the high seas. I dreamed of getting away from Kansas. The only time I felt comfortable was when I was away from the house either at grampa’s or alone on the prairie. I was always athletic and I liked running for miles through the grass and imagining I was a buffalo. Then I would find a spot and crouch down and disappear out there somewhere. The grasses waved in the wind like ocean swells and I could imagine I was on the water instead of landlocked. I snuck off a lot so I could run around and be alone and hang out with the prairie ocean. I would talk to god out there and tell him or her what an asshole they were. I didn’t believe in any religion but I did believe in god or a creator unfortunately. And I thought he was a creep. Otherwise me and all the other beings on earth would be happy. I did ask god for one thing though. I remember I said Just please do one thing for me, let me get away from here.
I’m not so mad at God anymore because he or she answered my prayer. Made me feel like maybe I can trust more. Things are looking good now. But this is what happened first:
When I was twelve I had a crush on the CornKing’s son. Before people all genetically modified food was internationally outlawed including the Monsanto corporation, Seth’s dad was the CornKing and he made a fortune killing bee populations and feeding people shit GMO corn. The government seized his corporate lands when he refused to comply with the new laws but he’s still real rich. His son Seth was a couple years older than me and I’d only seen him from across the room because we were grades apart at the creepy little rich kid schoolhouse we went to and he didn’t sit near me in the cafeteria. I just liked his looks a whole lot. He had jet black hair and icen blue eyes and the body of a strong athletic young man already. My young loins quivered for him. He looked like a cartoon or comic book boyfriend. I started following him home after school, where he wouldn’t notice me but I could watch him.
The path through the tall grasses back to our giant wrought iron prison gated neighborhood was a dirt one and dusty. It made your footsteps quiet though so even though I had boots on I was silent and all I had to do was dart back into the prairie if he turned around. Turned out Seth was real jumpy and paranoid for some reason on these walks home from school. He wouldn’t go straight back to his house. He’d take a shortcut through the grass and go to this broken down old dilapidated shack on the back of his property. He’d stay in there for a while and I felt guilty for being nosy so I’d hang back far enough to not hear grunting if he was in there masturbating to sexy magazines. Frequently he smoked weed in there, I could smell it wafting out. I never had drank alcohol or done other drugs yet. I hadn’t even kissed a boy. I was hoping that all of these things would transpire with Seth. I sure felt guilty all the time for how I was spying on him and being only one notch above a peeping tom but I just thought about him all the time and wanted him. I drew pictures of him in a private notebook I kept in my backpack. I was surprised how good I could draw myself giving Seth a blowjob and him fucking me under a garland of roses that some seagulls were holding up. We were naked together in all those pictures, him doing unspeakable and wondrous things to me.
So I just kept following him to that shed every afternoon. And I felt safer actually around him because there was a missing girl, a ten year old from the next town over, who was missing and parents were starting to get really panicked about her and the safety of their own kids. Well my not my parents but other people’s were. Anyway she was last seen in the parking lot by the manmade lake they put in about ten years ago so kids would have a place to swim in the summertime. She was waiting in line for a drink at one of those vendor snack carts. But her mom said on the news that the girl who’s name was Madeline liked to take walks around the lake under the trees so she might have decided to do that after she got her drink and she was wearing an orange and pink tank bathing suit and white flipflops and a towel with this one teen singer on it.
I felt bad about the missing kid and figured if some sicko had taken her and was still lurking around in the bushes somewhere he wouldn’t be able to get me because Seth would protect me from him and then kill him and we could have sex and get married. Anyhow, that’s not what happened. What happened was one afternoon I noticed something smelly in the air and I thought it was a dead deer carcass. Sometimes hunters illegally shoot a deer and then hang it from a tree to gut it. I’d found the cut off hooves and legs still tied up in orange nylon rope before. But the next afternoon the smell was even more intense, to the point where I was gagging. But Seth was still going into his shack. So I just finally looked in there. I’d sworn I wouldn’t ever but I didn’t even have to torment myself about it or make a decision I just did it. Behind the shed, there was a tree stump and some old dusty brown glass bottles and an old lawnmower leaned up against the wall. I stood on the stump and looked found myself looking through a little window made of wavy glass like from the 1800’s. It was hard to see at first because it was dusty and there were spider webs on the inside and the glass was thick and irregular like looking through a bottle but I did see Seth inside crouched over something.
It was a something that looked like a swollen dead seal like I’d seen in a nature documentary. It had no color or shape really except for an orange and pink bathing suit that was torn and hanging off the blob. I looked at it. Then I looked at Seth. At that moment he looked up at the window and saw me in it. I jumped off the tree stump and started to run but he’d already whipped around the shed and got hold of me. He threw me on the ground and punched me in the face. I grabbed a handful of dirt and threw it in his face. It was real dry dirt and he cried out and started rubbing at his eyes. I picked up one of the brown glass bottles and hit him on the head with it. He yelled as he was sinking onto his knees and grabbed my arm. He wrenched it hard enough I dropped the broken bottle end. He tried to throw my weight sideways so I’d fall down but I wriggled fast and twisted somehow so he didn’t have me and he fell backwards. There was one split second where he was on his back before he could spring up again I ran up and stomped his throat. He choked and I did it again and this time there was a gurgle.
I stuck around for a little while. I didn’t run away. He didn’t move. I was afraid to go near him again. I poked him with a stick. No movement. His neck looked funny, like where his adams apple was, well it wasn’t there anymore. I watched him and it didn’t look like he breathed for twenty minutes. So I walked home, stopping at this one outdoor faucet at the edge of a neighbor’s property and rinsed the dirt off my hands and face. I went the back way onto our land so that I wouldn’t have to go through the main gate and then on the street and up our driveway. I climbed the back fence and walked the extra two miles on the fireroad to where my grampa’s cabin was behind our house.
He let me in and I told him what happened. I was finally crying a lot. My grampa talked to me real low and calming like for a long time. Then I took a nap on the stinky itchy couch he watches tv from. Then we came up with a plan and waited. They found the girl Madeline’s body and Seth’s body the next day. We didn’t go to the cops because Seth’s dad was a real asshole and might have tried to have me arrested or something. I felt bad about that little girl’s body being in that shed for another night but that’s what we decided to do. My grampa told me they would find them very soon after asking me some questions about why I was back there in the first place. He said somebody else knows that Seth goes back there. His dad knows about that shed I’m sure. My grampa asked me if I thought anyone had ever seen me following Seth back there and I said no way, because I’d been really careful and hadn’t wanted to get caught. He said good. Then he made me take a shower and hand him my dirty clothes and he did something with them. He told me to make sure to clip and scrub my fingernails in case I scratched the kid. That freaked me out I didn’t want any biological matter of that gross guy on my person. My grampa had wheeled himself outside and was burning my clothes out back in one of those antique oil drums. I gave him my special notebook and he didn’t ask why or bother me because he was cool. He just threw it on the flames. Then he said we would finally be getting out of here. I said but you hate going anywhere now and he said he still had the boat. He called it a boat but it’s really a small yacht. I didn’t know he still had it. It was one of the few cool material possessions he kept after he gave away a bunch of stuff when he got weird while he was sick and going through all those experimental procedures. He said what do you think about spending some time in Europe. We could put you in school there. Get someone to fix your stutter. I said okay.
We watched the news. It didn’t take long. First there was a lot of confusion and they thought that the person who killed Madeline had also killed Seth. That made me upset but my grampa told me to be patient. It was only a couple days after that they released the information that Seth’s genetic material was found on the body. I was so traumatized and grossed out. The whole time I was masturbating to Seth in the bathtub he was raping some poor little kid. I figured I was going to need some therapy. My grampa helped me though, he said I did real good and was proud I didn’t fight like a girl. That’s a big compliment coming from my weird vaguely offensive grampa. And I started to look forward to getting out of there. And to maybe all the sex and fun times I was going to get to have far away. Grampa even said he was going to get me my own little studio apartment if I did good in school.
He only sent me back to my old school once to clean out my desk. We told the teachers I was going on homeschool. We waited a couple weeks and then grampa had a fancy black car come pick us up. I was so excited about leaving. I hadn’t been out of Kansas one time. We drove past our town and into the next county to catch a plane. We flew to the city of Boston and was picked up by another long black car that drove us to a wharf on Cape Cod. The air smelled good. Like the smell of the ocean in the dreams I’d had about it. I will always remember seeing the boat for the first time. In blue writing it said “Pelagos” on its side. I already knew what it meant but I asked my grampa to tell me again. He said “the open sea”. And that was the end of the worst thing that so far has ever happened to me and the beginning of what is so far the very best.
