
Jumping Ship


By Janice Ross

Cultural Cocktails

COPYRIGHT NOTE


© July 2013, May 2014 by Janice Ross
Published by Janice Ross

ISBN: 9781310019395
Smashwords Edition

Editing and Formatting by
Karen Perkins of LionheART Galleries Ltd


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, address the request “Attention: Permission Request”, at the address below.

janice.ross@culturalcocktails.com

PUBLISHER’S NOTE


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are strictly the product of the author or used factiously. Any similarities between actual persons, living or dead, events, settings or locations are entirely coincidental.


DEDICATION


Guyana is the only official English speaking country on the continent of South America. It is situated just above the equator, bordered by the mighty Atlantic to the north, and somewhat lost amongst a slew of countries―Brazil to the south, Suriname to the east, and Venezuela to the west.
In the nation, whose name means “land of many waters”, there is a mixture of strength, courage and determination. For many that have lived on the land, or that currently reside there, they proudly confess, “I am a Guyanese!”
Over its growth as a colony of the Dutch, French, and British, it has established and re-established its right to be recognized. No one can claim Guyana as exclusively their own because the Indians from east and west, Chinese from across the world, and many blacks from West Africa and beyond have formed deep roots in its resource rich land.
This is Guyana, my Guyana. And no matter where I go, no matter whom I love, my heart will forever belong to my dear, sweet Guyana.

“When the pursuit of love trumps obligations.”

Contents


Dedication
1975
New York, USA – Pearl & Edward Riley
Georgetown, Guyana – Petrina & Michael
1999
New York, USA – Sakkara’s Journey
The Island Hopping Series
Coming Soon
Janice G. Ross’s Bio
More Books by Janice G Ross

1975

New York, USA

Pearl & Edward Riley


The Rileys hurriedly left a Sunday afternoon rendition of Pippin at the Imperial Theatre, on the third of June 1975. Edward didn’t typically enjoy spending his weekends out, much less in the rugged Times Square area, except for the sake of love. Pearl’s thirty-fifth birthday had just passed, and Edward had tenderly sacrificed his sanity for an outing with his depressed wife. The two forced smiles and allowed instinct to be their guide. The crowd was lively; prompting a reaction from the married couple, and Edward had to admit that the show was good. Pearl didn’t think much of it because she couldn’t truly appreciate her spouse’s efforts.
Inside the theater, viewers were thrilled to be a part of the lively Broadway production. Edward and Pearl followed along, attempting to mimic, as though reality hadn’t escorted them into the Forty-Fifth Street playhouse. But it was a blatant farce. Anyone could tell that their enjoyment was a fallacy. The laughter was too intense and too deep, even forced most of the time. Although silent pleas cascaded from their robotic actions, the Rileys convinced themselves that they were okay.
Now, after the show, fear and doubt reappeared. It was a difficult march from playtime; still it was one that needed to be made. Edward gazed down at Pearl, avoiding direct eye contact as much as possible. Around them, everyone scurried about the place. Soon it would be dark but the Rileys carried tons of concealed baggage, so their movements were slightly slower.
Edward and Pearl had been together for seventeen years, and married for fifteen. Long enough to know how to appease each other, yet long enough to know not to appease each other. From a mere reach of five-five, Pearl would glance up into her husband’s familiar eyes. His were usually a gentle shade of hazel. On this day however, slight aggravation caused his iris to flood with deep storm clouds. At times it was quite difficult to see them―truly see them beyond the thin, deceptive double layers of his featherweight spectacles. Especially when she needed to see him. He was several inches over six feet, and looked down to the top of his wife’s light golden blond tresses. He wanted to avoid her smoky gray irises at all costs. They were a sad type of shade, with hues of regret and loneliness. They had not always been that way. Now they were. So he pecked her soft, delicately lined forehead and nuzzled against her colorless cheeks. With all of his might, he did what little he could do to eliminate the eye-to-eye exchange so many desperately needed. It was easiest for him, in order to protect his sanity. Edward’s ultimate focus rested on Pearl’s happiness, and the ability to appease his delicate wife. Yes, he knew how to appease her all right.
They had very little to discuss, because although he’d yielded to her wants from time to time, her ultimate desire had not yet been fulfilled. The couple sighed in one accord as if rehearsed, and quickly clutched tighter together.
“I want a child, Ed,” she confessed. This was not a secret statement, yet she desired to treat it as such.
Trembling lips almost disappeared beneath her bite. The radiance of a peach-colored blush faded almost entirely from thin cheekbones. Lengthy lashes fluttered several times. Tears lingered on the brim of her lids. A stampede of sensation trampled up and down her spine. Her arms welcomed a similar sentiment. A temporary dip in temperature played on her senses, or perhaps her mind. She shook wildly. It was the battle to calm her nerves that stunned her so.
“I know, dear.” He cleared his throat as an outbreath threatened his wife’s delicate nature. They were quite close already, but he drew her even closer. He was constantly caught between understanding and irritation, fully conscious of the limitations between need and want. Choosing the easiest route, the sympathetic husband’s palms moved up and down his woeful wife’s arms. Her frame was petite and was easily swallowed up in his embrace. Thin summer sleeves crumbled beneath his touch. His fingers could completely lap her upper biceps. The comfort was enough to distill her qualms, at least for the time being. She allowed her shoulders to slump forward and over, resting against her stocky mate.
Edward and Pearl proceeded forward, getting lost in an environment that was quite unfamiliar to either of them. Their direction was off, if not for the fact that it was pretty much impossible to get lost in this area. Still, their march was steady and quiet.
After the show, almost everyone rushed out of the theater and far from the area. There weren’t many couples seeking the enjoyment of a Times Square outing. Not then at least. There was talk of renovations. Plans were being made to revamp the region to greatness. Looking around, it was hard to picture prominence in the midst of sin. Eyeshadow drenched, red-plastered orifices, and high-haired fashion appeared to be the norm. Trash and perversion were the billboards for immorality’s appeal. The Rileys were clearly out of their element. This was not Long Island.
On just about every single corner, projections of Hell flashed from makeshift storefronts and entertainment-ready displays onto concrete paving. Women in platform, neon pumps rushed in and out of sturdy brick buildings. Some for work and others for play. Teeny-tiny sequenced tops, skirts and dresses bedazzled all. Even if they were not one’s desires, innocent eyes would wander. Very little was left to the imagination. Bold men slapped at exposed female skin, while the shady male character slithered around corners, progressively gaining on their dirty paradise. Prestige was not associated with the region; however, a push would eventually reform the area. Its present state was iffy; those who knew better were cautious enough not to overextend their welcome.
As the Rileys walked on in a daze, a rather tiny young woman rushed towards them. The stranger was a breathtaking beauty. The culprit knocked into Pearl, but didn’t say a word otherwise. This petite offender halted in front of Pearl. Lingering. The women locked eyes and exchanged friendly, nonverbal apologies. An unspoken pact encircled the two. And for the first time this day, Pearl’s lips intuitively curved up. There was no explanation to this sudden phenomenon.
The other raised her head. She didn’t fatigue as before. Calmness flooded their zone. A mere two-second exchange altered time. There was a disbursement of knowledge that neither understood. Full hazel pupils connected with Pearl’s own stormy ones. Speckles of green bedazzled the younger woman’s eyes further. The illusory draft no longer bothered Pearl; no longer tormented her logic, that is. In fact, the evening was fairly warm and stifling, yet the younger one was draped in a cheap brown tweed jacket. Not a single button was unmated beneath a rather disproportioned bump. The sleeves swarmed bony wrists. One arm remained inside and the other held up something seemingly significant from the outside. She shifted, bucking forward slightly.
The spell broke.
“S-S-Sor-ry,” she finally managed in an unfamiliar dialect. A reddish brown strand of hair drifted down to an eyebrow, caressing her upper cheekbone and ultimately tickling at her staunch chin. The length of the lock was shiny; the tip quite frazzled.
“Are you okay, dear?” Pearl questioned. While her personal weakness was overbearing, she felt an extension of support towards the stranger.
The guest unsealed her mouth to reply, but an equally alluring young man stepped near. Her lips lapped shut. She focused on his enticing face, her expression softened further. His exotic features were enhanced with deep blue irises, floating inside an outer rim of thick black, and shining to a greater degree against a fabulous blue button-down shirt. His lips found her temple. Edward and Pearl stared at the couple, almost fancifully. Why? They could not decipher. Each in his and her own right appealed to the opposite sex.
The younger man’s gaze shifted across the street, then back again. A barely noticeable vein jolted alongside his jawline. His Adam’s apple rose and dipped. He whispered into his girl’s ear. Her head propelled left, and then right. Yet the awkward frame beneath the dated covering she wore remained stationary. She held on tight to whatever it was. Lines appeared across her forehead. She aged instantly, as her arms tightened against an apparent load. Their rendezvous ended.
Without remark, the younger pair moved ahead in the very same direction the older couple were heading. Even as she moved forward, the striking woman snapped back her neck. She gave a friendly smile, before turning away once more. The peculiar duo disappeared. The Rileys dismissed the chance meeting.
*****
Edward and Pearl Riley found Sakkara’s bundle in the most elusive of places―amongst a pile of trash. Their destination was carelessly determined by senseless reasoning. Neither cared to exist for the moment, though both knew that darkness would soon swallow up the fading sunlight. They had crossed over onto a rather scandalously designed block. A series of XXX stores promising a good time, en route to the Port Authority Terminal, tempted the public. Dirt cheap, miniature peep show signs called to hopefuls from corner to corner. The closer they drifted, the greater the pull of patrons. Big hair walked around in their faces. Pearl was certainly out of her element. She was too simple for this exaggerated lifestyle. From time to time, the glitz and glamour would tone down, giving way to hopeless addicts and unsuccessful prostitutes. The exchange bothered few, as shabbily attired men and women floated in and out of Hell’s mini-playground, accompanied by seductive vibes. Some tunes were loud. Some were slight. Some were utterly lewd.
Every once in a while, and quite out of the ordinary, a religious fanatic would wave a sign of redemption. They were, in fact, few and far between. Grungy tresses, white t-shirts, and bell-bottom jeans were common garb for this bunch. This crew’s attendance was quite the opposite of the community norm. These out of place supporters tried to counter the unscrupulous effects of 1970s Times Square.
The Rileys pulled back into each other and prepared to shake off the memory of the latest hellhole, when Pearl came to a sudden halt. Edward tried to gently tug at her arm.
“Let’s go. It’ll be dark soon.” His warning was detached. He examined their surroundings rather keenly.
“No, Ed.” She unhooked from his grip, drifting into a pitch-black alleyway.
“What’s wrong, Pearl?” He shifted from one leg to the other, eagerly peeking around once more. Slender, low-labored fingers pulled through lengths of wispy, premature graying hair.
There was no purpose to Pearl’s inquest, not really. She was baited, and could not survive unless she investigated the nudging. Although kitten heels slushed across unimaginable textures, tones and hues of the most inscrutable debris, she refused to falter. The concrete ground comprised of old newspaper and dark plastic trash bags. Sullied gray rags that had once been white unscrupulously decorated the plot. There was no telling how long any of these had been living the alley life. Common sense fled. She didn’t care. Before long, she was searching through a bundled up pile of old newsprint articles and slimy trash bags dripping with grime.
Edward drew closer to his wife, still able to remain at a distance. His head dipped as he headed further into the alleyway. Other than the two, there appeared to be no movement and very little human sound. His hips shifted right, then left. Nothing. His waist swayed as he looked from whence they came. Nothing. No one else was concerned with his spouse’s diversion.
And Pearl . . . Pearl only continued digging through the eyesore, and dashing through her madness. Shuffling and scorning. At some point she would need to be fumigated. Later on. Down the road. But now, right now, the stench was tolerable. Unsound reasoning had sent her heart on this illogical expedition. She did not know what she would find. She was uncertain about the look, feel, scent, or sound . . . A sound?
And then . . . there it was.
Suddenly a slight, gentle sobbing lifted from the mounds and began to trail in the air. The more Pearl tossed aside, the louder the tone. Late spring’s ardor had finally reached out to her dwindling soul.
“Whaaa,” just lightly, filled the shaded space. “Whaaa . . . Whaaa . . . WHAAA!”
Edward finally heard what his wife had previously only felt in her spirit. His brows knitted, decorating a colorless glare. He was in shock.
Pearl gasped.
The hair that she had spent time priming and taming into a twirling coif had become ravaged. Thin layers of blond curls were now limp and lying in every direction. Quite frankly, Pearl could not care less.
She smiled and raised a knitted bundle up into the air from a colorful, ethnic bag made of yarn and burlap. It was strained. She carefully reached in and captured something. The bag, she hung over her shoulder. It was still fairly labored. It was only a vessel, nothing more at this time. The significant piece was in her arms.
A baby . . . her baby . . . their baby?
Pearl sobbed at first, unable to speak. For every bawl the abandoned child provided, the woman cosigned. Hers was not from loneliness―not any longer. Hers was not from uncertainty―life had instantly provided surety. Each second reinvigorated her existence. She wanted to live again. Wanted to smile again. Wanted to breathe again. Wanted to hope again.
And she did.
“We have a baby,” she crowed. Tears streamed down red cheeks. It had been ages, but the shine had returned. Blushed cheeks naturally glistened as never before. Of the few onlookers to walk by, no one appeared eager to mind the couple’s dealings. Peering from side to side, she reiterated in a softer voice, “We have a baby, Ed.” Pearl spun the little treasure, allowing her husband to see their gift from God.
The knitted wrap began to float away, out of her grip. But to the child she held on for dear life. The crying briefly subsided. She glared into wide, glossy grayish-blue orbs. 
A large piece of paper was pinned to the front of her clothing.
“What’s that?” Ed cranked out.
Pearl was fixated on the tender, pale brown baby that was cooing in her direction. Just a slight bit of the baby’s profile had initially escaped her casing. As Pearl unraveled more, she marked every inch of her belated birthday present.
“Pearl?” Edward keenly took in what was transforming before them. He reached up and ran his fingers over his crown once more. Tugged at the lobe of his left ear. Careened down the side of his face. The pressure was on.
When his wife did not respond, he shifted closer. Slowly, then quicker paced.
“Pearl? Dear? What’s that?”
Edward’s lengthy finger extended and drew attention to the off-white document. Its edges were jagged.
Pearl examined it briefly before exhaling deeply.
“It must be her name: S-A-K-K-A-R-A.”
“Sack-ra?”
“No. I think our baby’s name is Sakkara.”
“Sakkara,” they sang in harmony.
As daylight drifted out of sight, the urgency that had once filled their pace also fled. This child changed everything. They felt safe and secure, even in the darkness. There was now a mandate on their lives, a chance at true happiness and satisfaction. Peace had surely become their newest friend. God would not bless them now only to torture them afterwards. This moment was meant to be. There was no need to rush any longer. The Rileys were right where they wanted to be. No thoughts were given to whom the baby’s parents were and whether they were missing the little angel. For that moment, all that mattered was that Edward, Pearl, and Sakkara were now a family.

Georgetown, Guyana


Have you ever been to Guyana? Many have mistaken the name for another in Africa—Ghana. No, just to clarify, it’s Guyana the “land of many waters”. With somewhere around seventy waterfalls, the South American country is mainly untouched. Up in the northeast corridor, one can find the majority of its modern inhabitants clustered against a protective barrier known as the Sea Wall. Georgetown, the largest city, is located in the Demerara-Mahaica region. The Atlantic Ocean borders this capital city to the north. If you’ve ever been to, or ever plan to go there, this section would most likely be your entry point. Come and journey with me to a Guyana of 1975. Some might think back in heightened adoration, while others may become nostalgic. There are even those who dare not reflect; to do so would cause an avalanche of pain unlike any other.

Petrina & Michael


There is a town called Kitty. It is one of many in Georgetown, and part of the low-lying region. A barrier along the coastline protects much of the area from the Atlantic’s uncertain rage. When the ocean is calm and the tide low, the whispers are quite delicate; however, when the tide is high, the waters can roar like hungry lions. Of its beauty, the Guyanese refer affectionately to their Sea Wall. This landmark is not only a means of protection, but also an extension of birthright. It reminds them that, although there is life beyond what one might see, their precious Guyana would always be their first true love. Pride overtakes them, filling up their lungs and plumping up their chest. Many have left, seeking better lives abroad; yet dreams continually lead to their precious Sea Wall. During the complications of life, they yearn for simpler times and consider the optimism of earlier years. Reality can be heartbreaking, but as long as dreams exist, there is a promise for better and hope for the future. For some, this is made possible by love.
*****
“Yo’ shore?” Mikey asked.
The handsome twenty-eight-year-old West Indian fisherman repeated his question for the third and final time. “No tunning bac, aye?”
He was known as a man of very little talk. He did not whimper and whine. The few words that he spoke echoed at his small woman, Pet, adding meat to his direct stare. Relying on swift movements, he skillfully breezed through the paved yard.
Mikey stomped past his girl, barely making eye contact, after circling round the yellow and white wooden structure. Discolored beams ran sideways. Massive nails on either end secured each plank. This very specific layout filled the framework, with the exception of shuttered window frames and a slumped, faded roof. It almost appeared to have been slap-happily thrown together. Concrete had already been introduced to the housing market, but this lot was longstanding and would not be adjusted by much.
Barely a quarter of the lower level had originally been stilted on solid ground. Over the past few years, cosmetic renovations had been completed to enhance this portion of the house. A living room, tiny guest room (which had become a master bedroom), oversized closet space and kitchen fit neatly inside the downstairs realm. Outdoor staircases connected level one and level two—the original to the front and an addition to the back. They were varnished to perfection, while the rest of the property had been overhauled with fresh paint and new furnishings.
On the outside, ten shabby miniature columns ran along the edges of the home. During the restoration period, the posts had only been painted over, nothing more. But their purpose was significant all the same. They had once been a necessary evil to protect one’s home from certain flooding, but times were changing. Homeowners didn’t want to be boxed into what could be perceived as a common layout. Pet could certainly appreciate the fact that the lot was not an open book. The partial outdoor plan was a welcomed conspirator in Pet and Mikey’s ploy. And it made the task at hand much easier. Moreover, the wild, feathery deep green palms and vegetation running alongside the territorial fence added shading from prying neighbors—the perfect answer to an open community. The lover’s flight would be more secretive, although not entirely secure.
It was only five forty-five in the morning, and difficult to make out any shadows that might attack without warning. In order to enter the premises, guests would first have to walk across the thin concrete passageway that ran over a low-lying trench. An out of place, cheap steel gate would be the next task. It made a high-pitched sound that many mistook for Miss Euresha’s troublesome cat that barely spent time at his rightful home. Often times, the middle-aged widower had the gall to bicker about the gate’s inhumane screeching as opposed to her contribution to the block’s disturbance. Even when the culprit was her wutless animal―Chauncey―the woman would continue to deflect blame. The gate and cat have always been problems, with either, always fighting against peace. The latter being light gray and white, favored a proper angel; while the other made of a wrought iron design that had probably never been fashionable. At only four and a half feet tall, and about the thickness of cut-rate barbed wire, it was nothing more than a flimsy means of setting apart one’s territorial claims.
Pet’s husband had only left out about fifteen minutes prior, but they couldn’t be too sure that he wouldn’t suddenly get an inkling and return. Roger worked at the local police station, no more than twenty careful minutes away on Queen Street. In fact, he walked to the station daily, taking wide steps and whistling along the way. Regardless of the perception, his musical endeavors only occurred on the main streets. He was very standoffish towards his neighbors, never wanting them to see him as inviting. Not friendly at all, in fact he could be an extremely cross thirty-year-old man.
The neighbors didn’t really pay much attention to him because he was not too talkative with those that couldn’t offer him something―dollars, spirits, or anything of value. He knew how to complain and throw around his title, but that was it. Perhaps that was the very reason why he was never warned about the man that frequented his home at night and romped in his bed during the day. The same man he got liquored up with during many evening hours.
As the woman eerily reflected on her despised mate, she shivered. If Roger only knew what she was preparing to do, he would surely “slit she troat” and “lef she fah dead”. The declarations were his wedding night vow to her, in case she ever thought of crossing him. Pet felt them for sure, without a doubt.
On the contrary, her lover Mikey promised from the very beginning that would never be the case with him. He took on the vows that should have been her husband’s. Mikey wanted to cherish and protect her. Pet accepted those promises. Not because she entirely believed in them, but because she believed in his passion.
Pet’s eyes watered as her lover paused midway between the kitchen’s entrance and the back door, a house divider. She sent sweetness with a blow into the air and the enamored man reciprocated. It was the time of day that sweethearts typically did not steal away. Still it was the time of day that people began to awaken to a fresh start and new possibilities. And for that brief couple of seconds, they allowed themselves to not think about what they had prearranged and the very real consequences that could shatter their plans. This exodus had to happen. It needed to occur. He loved her and she loved him. One could no longer survive without the other. That fact was at the forefront of each movement they made.
A dry wind had already started to erupt; there was not an ounce of comfort to it. In fact, it only helped to stifle the woman, causing her to gape silently. She was afraid to make the slightest of commotions, fearful that even a hairy worm would sneak up and report on their misdeeds. Pet swallowed any and every sound as if life depended on it, and to some degree it did.
While staring at the prize in front of her, she reveled in the possibilities ahead and away from her tormentor. She could not tell what was on Mikey’s mind, although he appeared to be in deep thought. His eyes squinted several times in between their glare. A hoarse, distant noise cut into their peace. It was unrefined and gruff all at once, and had the effect of rushing the flow of moisture from the young man’s head. His mate, on the other hand, shivered in the humidity of Guyana’s normal bland winds.
Pet stopped breathing instantly, and her slender nostrils flexed slightly before turning a deep shade of red. Even in the low light formed from the morning dew, any ounce of discoloration on the honey-colored woman was noticeable.
Mikey’s eyes shifted and appeared to blink eighty knots per minute, while his head swayed slowly from left to right. You could barely hear the shuffle of his jet-black Yatins, as his feet moved in sync with his dome. The near empty luggage he’d obtained from upstairs was not a bother at all; still he briefly rested the bags on dry dirt. After a moment, he relaxed and nudged her further into the kitchen with an authoritative nod.
Suddenly an exaggerated sigh cut through the air from beyond the yard, followed by a frustrated woman’s suck of teeth. It took a moment longer for the conspiring couple to realize that the initial noise was only the next-door resident’s jet-black collie. The sound was unnerving all the same and the persistent scratching of the animal caused stress lines to appear on Pet’s forehead and mouth corners. She could even hear the unfriendly woman clearing her throat, perhaps just inches beyond the triple-layered partition. If not for the neighbor’s continued efforts to restrict peepers by the layering up of gates, fences and concrete barriers, the lovers would be open to exposure at that very moment. It was quite frankly a blessing in disguise.
“Iz too early,” she mouthed to her sweetheart, and forced herself to step up the pace.
Ms. Ina never took her dog out this early. It must be a sign, Pet reckoned. She waddled from right-to-left and heel-to-toe, trying desperately not to stir up the slightest bit of noise that would alert suspicion. The stress was becoming unbearable. She wasn’t entirely sure if her strain was more from anxiety or her condition. Water found its way to the tip of her nose and she dipped back to inspect the problem. At the same time, another force of air picked up and blew into her face once more. It felt much cooler. Only then did she realize that the moisture was her own sweat. She made a blunt sigh and started towards Mikey. Her leather straps pulled idly on the dusty surface, as she carelessly shuffled.
“Go an geh da rest ah yuh stuff; go,” ordered her lover through clenched teeth. Before she was able to reach him, he redirected her once more through the home’s backyard entrance with a piercing glare.
Pet was only allowed one travel bag and a small purse. Not even her little red grip was appropriate to carry. She did very little traveling, if any, but still adored this piece of luggage. Today, she would have to say goodbye. The items allowed were hidden away upstairs, in the portion of the house that was no longer frequented. Roger had stopped going up there once the lower level was revamped, preferring only newer, showier things. The upstairs hardwood floorboards were worn, the green zinc roof leaked slightly, and the inside white walls had chipped away to an unhealthy degree. He only wanted to focus on the more recently prettied up portion. Every bit of their best furniture had been readily stuffed downstairs, completely abandoning the memories of the upper half, with the exception of storage items. They had spoken about setting up and offering it to one of his family members from a distant village, but he refused to invest the finances to make it suitable for living.
“Blasted cheapo,” Pet murmured to herself, when she thought about their one-sided discussion. She shrugged and shook away the image of the stubborn man that she had known since the age of sixteen.
Pet made one final spin into her most favorite room―the one in which she spent hours sewing for family, friends, neighbors, and even foreigners visiting the country on occasion. Lingering in the doorway, she sighed, wanting to re-enter and bid farewell to her trusted black and gold Seikosha sewing machine sitting in the left-hand corner of the closet-sized space. Her eyes trailed down the long black cord that she’d removed from the wall late last night when she’d heard the man of the house fighting with the metal grill and jiggling multiple keys in the front locks. She would miss her most meaningful and valuable possession. It was solely hers, without Roger’s interference. Reluctantly, she said a distant farewell to the machine’s cracked, overused pedal. If she wasn’t leaving, and had decided to remain longer, she would’ve had to plead with Roger for a new one.
The life that she was choosing to walk away from wasn’t really a life at all. Sure she found relief in what little vices living offered. But Roger always, always, always found a way to cut into her happiness. It was Pet who made sacrifices in their marriage. She was a damn good seamstress. He knew this; in fact, he knew it so well that he relied on her profits to contribute heavily to their enhanced well-being. This was where Roger varied with her lover. Mikey would never take from her. All he ever did was give strength, love, hope, and the biggest desire to experience real life.
*****
Michael Chen was used to a life on the road, but not with a woman, much less the woman he loved; the only female he’d ever felt this way about. He swore to Pet and vowed to always be in her life, as long as he had breath. She believed blindly in this rolling stone, although she hadn’t the least bit of tangible reason to. He told her stories about places he’d visited. He let her into his world and mind. So she trusted because he didn’t have reason to lie. He told Pet that everything she ever needed to know about him, she already knew. Nothing else mattered. He allowed his mysterious life to unravel in an orderly fashion, as he saw fit.
On November of 1966, an American ship had docked on the island of Barbados. Mikey was twenty years old at the time. Home had been buried in his soul years earlier. He’d become more fortunate than most to have traveled and worked throughout the Caribbean. And he was okay with the life until, while visiting with some work colleagues, he met the woman now shuffling behind him as fast as she could move, with a barely there six-month belly.
“Oye the babee holing me bak, tek yuh time,” the woman warned in a whiny, affectionate drawl.
Pet’s right palm rested on the bottom of the rounding growth to the front of her. The other palm massaged the lower crook of her back. It was difficult to keep this up while carrying an old, worn out brown leather purse that constantly shimmied down her arm. She was covered by a thin black sari from head to toe; although not her preferred attire, today it would serve a purpose.
The couple made the necessary strides not to be too obvious in their conspiracy. So, rather than take the most logical passage, a straight shot stroll became a sendoff march amongst the community. Mikey led the way, while Pet tagged along a mere three to four feet behind him. Her mind wandered to every possible issue. The rainy season came twice a year—around May to June/July and November/December to January. Their escape could have been wet and miserable.
At one point, they drifted towards the Sea Wall, and she became elated at the opportunity to bask in the last bit of breeze she was to experience from the waters. She would never again enjoy flying kites along the path, nor taking a lonely Sunday afternoon stroll with murmurs and wafts. Their migration was a reminder that this would no longer be the case. In a daydream, she took in the dry aroma of sand and seashells. The wind tousled at hair beneath her makeshift bonnet. Her eyelids dipped in a natural reaction to the Atlantic’s enticement. Pet’s senses guided her towards the path that Mikey was setting before her. His steps were urgent, yet steady; even the swish-swoosh rubbing of his khakis became a romantic melody. Her hips twined in accord, while future realities shattered her present circumstance. The delicate creature was spellbound.
When Mikey’s cool dodge to the right went unseen, Pet rammed into an oncoming fellow sidewalker. All she was able to fully comprehend was the pair of shimmery, jet-black combat boots – the very type that decorated her husband’s feet. The sharp edges of dark-colored pant bottoms swayed slightly against the stranger’s slender legs—a memento to Roger. She feared facing the ultimate tormentor. Her head remained low, while her hand unconsciously sought the entrance to the dark silk wrap. Pet’s precious life and delicate throat were in jeopardy. Tears rolled down her cheeks and cooled almost immediately. The breeze increased. A set of deep, honeycomb fingers attempted to pull away her facial shading.
Suddenly an arm gripped her waist and redirected her up Lamaha Street, and away from exposure.
A confused male voice growled, “Ah sorry, Miss―sorry.”
By then she was already back in Mikey’s care and heading towards the railway station. Pet exhaled. It was not Roger. Looking back at the assailant, she was stunned to see him facing her almost knowingly.
“Pet, pay attention,” Mikey warned.
“Da man back―”
“Neva mind da banna. Come. Walk up.”
“But―”
“Walk up, Pet.”
Moving forward but looking backwards, she tried to zero in on the uniformed man’s face. It appeared that he was doing the same. The further she moved, the more difficult it was to register his features.
The man finally took off.
She turned around.
Pet and Mikey traveled several additional blocks until they embarked at the station. It would typically get busy by seven, so the pair had to move quickly to avoid drawing attention to their flight. He had her wait for about seven minutes while he carried on a private discussion with a pitch black, lanky older gentleman. They stood nearly ten feet away from where she rested. The stranger had familiar features. From where exactly, she couldn’t immediately tell. The man’s low haircut had a slight mixture of gray. He appeared to have been quite handsome in his younger years, although there were still traces of excellence beneath the surface. He wore a pair of casual, dark gray tailored slacks. They were impeccably designed and their seams pressed to precision. Even the powder blue, quarter sleeve, button-down shirt had clearly aligned creases. A bright gold watch with a broad face shone in intrusive rays. Pet reasoned that he must have been someone of importance, but wondered how Mikey knew him. Her lover was just a fisherman with no real ties and no family to mention.
As the men spoke, Mikey signaled towards Pet with an elusive nod. Mikey’s visitor smiled in her direction, and it wasn’t a phony smile either. Glistening pearls extended from ear to ear, while he winked at her through slanted, bluish-gray eyes. There was such a strong touch of familiarity extending from his silhouette. She returned a pleasant grin and turned around twice to inventory their surroundings.
As the sun peeped further, his features became even more enhanced. She grabbed her belly, as the baby decided to do early morning somersaults. The more she focused on this intriguing individual, the more her insides came to life. Upon seeing her discomfort, the gentleman tapped Mikey on his arms. He touted his belly and motioned towards Pet.
The cohorts exchanged secrets that were foreign to the current environment. Their eyes widened and gleamed under the sun. After a brief moment of contemplation, the man tapped Mikey on his shoulders. The visit ended in a respectful half-embrace and half-handshake, as Mikey collected a package in a rice paper envelope and turned away.
“Come, lewe go.” Mikey gently captured Pet’s elbow and turned her towards Shell Road.
His steady stride was unrelenting. His head remained focused and his gaze did not plunge. Lips were pulled tight, unwilling to budge. A few people walked alongside them, hurrying to begin their day, and he made a point to lift his crown even higher than normal to avoid drawing suspicion.
From the corner of Pet’s eyes, she saw a younger woman making way towards them. After blinking to adjust her vision, a knowing sensation trickled up and down her spine. Robin was the youngster’s name; Pet marked the familiar hoppity-droppity walk and heavy drag. It was the stall owner’s signature in and around Kitty Market where she sold the sweetest mangoes. Robin was quite a beauty, except for her abnormality. Little children teased her as the elephant woman, while attempting to snatch her goods and take off. But the girl would never back down. She kept right on selling and chased away thieves with her slow, odd pace. She never felt blighted because of her situation. Onlookers would chuckle. More dignified patrons would scold the stragglers from a distance. Several would even help her cause. Pet’s husband was one such savior. This was Roger’s favorite seller, since she had the tastiest of fruits. Moreover, she’d gift him several times a week, just because he was with the force.
As Robin drew closer and prepared to hobble past Pet, the fugitive’s aura sent off a spark of guilt that piqued the younger woman’s interest. To make matters worse, the little bit of breeze on this early morning flight became somewhat troublesome. As the seller drew upon Pet, she threw a knowing gaze. She was also struggling with a hand held basket and not really paying mind to where she hobbled. A hole in the grimy pavement caught hold of the loose pink cotton-and-polyester poor-man’s slacks that Robin wore. She stumbled forward, causing her bad hip to twist further. A yelp shimmied with the wind and she landed several feet to the north, south, east and west. In the instant of this unexpected shift in the atmosphere, Pet’s cloak blew from her face and Mikey made way to catch Robin’s valuables. Pet gasped and pretended not to notice the seller that even she frequented weekly. Instead her hand quickly reached up and repositioned the makeshift cloak that lazily concealed her sweaty forehead and shifty pupils. Consequently, Robin had already programmed the familiar profile by that point. Pet was certain. Frightened to no ends, she chose to breeze by quickly, leaving Mikey to tend to Robin’s broken fortitude.
*****
Petrina Ramsey-Dugal was now a twenty-six-year-old runaway. The first in the Ramsey family, though it was common for other Ramsey women to blindly commit to their family’s layout for their lives. This was not uncommon for families in their little country. Family meant everything, and to defy them meant death to social connections and kinship. Pet was one of nine girls; the very last in fact. The female clan had no choice but to dedicate their lives to pre-arranged marriages. And in some cases, ended up with disgusting men such as her difficult spouse.
For the lone Ramsey boy-child, Paul, things were considerably different. He could hope for happiness or at least have a say in his ultimate destiny. Whereas the females lived outside of town, with the exception of Pet, his home was located not too far away, in the more prestigious Lamaha Gardens. His matrimonial dealings had provided him with a wealthy father-in-law and remarkable ties to multiple businesses. Most importantly, he was in love with his spouse. The Ramsey girls, on the other hand, could only hope to tolerate their husbands, and endure they did.
They were a beautiful bunch—the entire Ramsey clan. Their lineage could be traced back to West Africa and the skillful warriors of the Akan tribes. Other portions were introduced to various parts of the West Indies before finally settling in Guyana. Additional ancestors had lived the lives of indentured servants after leaving the Far East and India. Some ended up in Guyana by way of Trinidad, and had never felt the need to leave. This mixed background gave them an ethnicity loosely known as dougla.
Pet had been married to Roger Edwin Dugal for seven miserable years. He was an abusive bastard, to say the very least. He treated Pet as if her life didn’t count, picking on her feebleness whenever possible; even taking advantage of her slender frame and the fact that she stood only five-three. He didn’t have her beat by too much, at barely five-seven, but it was enough to create an obedient wife.
*****
Nine months earlier, in July, they had celebrated their wedding anniversary―Roger out and about, while Pet stayed home alone. Upon his return, he became wild and wicked to her. She knew his condition was poor from the minute she heard him fumbling with the gate’s lock―it rattled nonstop for about five minutes. The drunken man cussed to bloody hell and condemned the blasted railing, swearing that he would tear it up and dash it into the rubbish.
In bed, she formed-sick and wrapped an old quilt from shoulders to toes. It didn’t help. He yanked her from the left side of the full-sized bed they shared and pulled her towards his rank attire. Rum rushed from his pores. She was stifled and trapped. He lay on top of her and buried his nose in her delicate locks. They were sweet pleasure to his senses. Pet’s appetizing aroma was honey for his sting. Her softness was countered by his own roughness. Roger caroused his wife. He was a madman on the rise, laughing wildly and mumbling incomprehensible trash. This could easily be tuned out. It was nothing new. Sloshed or not, Roger’s temperament was always the same. So she relaxed as best as she could and took the routine dosage.
As usual, when he finished she pushed him away, ran into the bathroom and stripped. He never noticed because the spirits typically confiscated his mind and floated him into la-la land. Once inside the shower, Pet squatted as low as possible, allowing his filth to rush out of her fertile womb.
This was Pet’s life until Michael Chen came along. He was visiting with an old family friend of Roger’s from the Corentyne, named Waheed Marsala. Roger never entertained visitors on a regular basis. His welcome would run out too quickly if anyone ever thought to come by with their “two-long-hands”. His loyalty could easily rise and fall from minute to minute, or even second to second. Roger couldn’t tolerate a leech, even when he was the epitome of one.
Waheed’s visit had been meant to be a quick one, until Roger met Mikey and the stranger ordered up a few bottles of drinks. Mikey was introduced to Roger as a fisherman without roots, but the three men had interesting features. Pet noticed the similarities amongst them almost immediately―barely visible pink lips, full eyebrows, fleshy cheeks that still maintained a slenderness, and cocked-out ears. The Asian influences were undeniable; nonetheless, Mikey was taller than the rest and his skin more profound. She wanted to ask if they were related in any way, but resisted the temptation and instead chose to hold her tongue.
Pet twirled about in a buttercream, cotton-blend dress with capped sleeves and a flapped collar. She had designed the knee-length flare, based on a picture book from Fogarty’s Department Store. It hadn’t been her intent to wear this newest creation on that particular night; however, the men had caught her off guard as she tried it on. Roger had only given her a quick once over and nodded before pointing her towards the kitchen. Luckily, she had already prepared two days’ worth of food and thought to change attire, but decided to serve the men first. The three sat out in the backyard around an old, square gaming table.
As she handed out plates of spicy chicken chow mein with fresh greens, carrots, corn, bok choy, and bird peppers, she was careful not to stain her new frock. Mikey received his plate last, and he was the only one to thank her. During the exchange, his fingertips brushed against hers. On contact, a spark broke the silence of the men’s informal dining, but only the fated lovers noticed. An imaginary bubble formed. Mikey and Pet’s souls danced to a secret session. The married woman brazenly reflected on the man’s handsome face. Her lips perked up and jerked at the corners. There was an increase of a drumroll, which she soon realized was the pulsation of her heart against her chest cavity.
Roger finally noticed, following several mouthfuls. “Wait, yuh ‘ave a problem, Pet?”
His vocal disturbance nudged her back to life. “I cyan undastand yuh. Stan-up dere, skinning yuh teeth.”
“Sorry. Sorry,” she quickly rattled off, broke away, and jogged through the door. Please don mek he follow. Please don mek he follow, she begged under her breath.
She went into their simple bedroom and paused before the flat bed; undid only the top two buttons of her frock, and then forced it over her head. Once it was completely removed, and her eyes willed open, she drifted slowly around. Pet suddenly yelped at finding Roger in front of her.
“Wha jus ‘appen, Pet? Wha really jus ‘appen?”
“Nuthin’ Rog―”
Before she could finish up with a feasible explanation, he grabbed onto the hair that fell close to the middle of her back, yanking it up. She was made to lean back. All that the frightened woman had on was a beige pointed bra and coordinating bloomers. “Pleeeeeze,” was all she could manage through a strained throat.
“Pet, I would chop up yuh rass!” he declared.
Steam rushed from his mouth, nostrils, and ears, while his eyes were fixed on her slender neck and its rapid pulsation.
The sufferer’s eyes turned instantly red from fear. Tears came. They flowed horizontally across either cheek and gathered in the grooves of her ears.
The threat and reality of it all was quite vivid. Pet took heed by nodding through the pain. She shook from tip to toe. Roger finally eased up. The brute was satisfied. He relieved her of his torture and strolled back out the door, but not before planting a tender kiss on her forehead. All she could do was quiver away and resolve to play the perfect little host.
It was about eight-fifteen on a Thursday night. The men sat on a couple of old crates around a rickety yellow table that creaked and shook every time they pressed too hard against it. They were in the backyard playing dominoes and drinking Demerara rum. The spirits moved quickly, thanks to Waheed and Roger. Mikey didn’t believe in getting drunk out in the open, so he played it cool. Eventually, the other two were in need of more liquor. Their options came down to high potency or no potency. A reinvigorated Pet offered up several bottles of the lighter, more pleasant shandy. In a fit, Roger caused a scene and busted up all three bottles against the backyard’s washbasin and ground.
Mikey quickly rushed to the spot where Pet stood only about three feet from scattered glass. She was hustling to clean up, even as she nicked a finger or two. Her squeals were kept as low as possible. She attempted to brush away the stranger’s help but he didn’t budge.
“You’s ah proper ass,” Mikey wailed at the abusive husband.
“Lef it, she gan tek caay ah da bokkles,” Roger slurred out.
Then addressing his wife he continued, “Bring out the high wine and put on de music ‘oman.”
Her shoulders slumped forward and she yelped once more. Her fingertips bled. Luckily the nicks were slight and barely required dressing.
Mikey spoke through clenched teeth, “Don fret yuhself.”
Pet stared into his eyes and immediately felt relieved. In that moment, Roger didn’t matter. More important to the ill-treated woman was the savior at her side. She hunched forward. Roger could only see her back if he were to look over. She was able to position herself just right and able to tilt subtly into her suitor. Pet would tip closer and pull back, drift in and then out. She marveled in his perfection. Mikey’s arms were veiny and muscular. The slightest flinch revealed athletic splendor. Her mouth fell open as she unknowingly marked him. When her gaze reached his lips, she tensed up and huffed. Faith had it so that he even had the urge to bite down on his bottom lip at the time, and she noticed. Boy, did she notice.
After the earlier scene, she promised to remain calm and wise. That wasn’t the case anymore. Reasoning was lost. When her eyes found his, she gasped, having to force her chest to cease contracting.
From the corners of her eyes, she noted that the movement had also caught Roger’s attention. He kept right on playing. He palmed the dominoes and slammed each one in turn, while chanting some form or other of obscenity. Mikey tuned in as well, reducing his pace. He further dipped his head down to lock on to her gaze. She knew they were not alone, and flat out refused to do this any longer. Shaking her head no, Pet stood up and walked away. Mikey was initially distant to others’ relationships, but something inside of Pet cried for him. On that wonderful night in early September, 1974, Mikey decided to sacrifice his noncommittal nature and chase after another man’s wife.
*****
Under the guise of a friend, Mikey began visiting and drinking with Roger about three to four times per week. Sometimes he brought Waheed; other times he came alone. The plotting man brought alcohol, and even a few associates―never friends; he had very few and wanted even fewer. Most of the men accompanying him brought girlfriends instead of their wives and the female companions helped Pet cope with her hosting duties. After about a week and a half of their impromptu revelry, Mikey made the first attempt to express his growing affection for Pet when Roger wasn’t paying attention, not that he really ever did if it didn’t include liquor and a game, or just plain spiteful torture.
She entered the ten-by-fifteen foot kitchen that had only a huge, double-sized off-white washbasin at the entrance, and an avocado-green, five-foot-tall refrigerator against the far end of the room. Mikey followed behind. She continued through the space.
A loosely built shelf for miscellaneous storage and pots was housed next to a thick white pantry door. Two long countertops traveled along opposing walls. The only object to reside in the middle of the room was a four-by-four heavy plastic table surrounded by similar metal-framed chairs that had yellow backs to match the textured wallpaper. Neatly laid baby-gray laminate floors sparkled from the harsh scrubbing and shine Pet performed as therapy to wash away the memories of a jilted life.
The moment Pet and Mikey left the still and silent kitchen, with its aroma of pholourie, salt fish cakes, curried channa, and other ethnic dishes, they entered a short hallway with slender doors. The space was immaculate from top to bottom, and displayed Pet’s guilty habit of cleaning away the furniture’s grime and shining up the wooden floorboards. She would put on thick white or gray socks, and slide across the room to blaring steel band music for hours on end. For this purpose, the lonely woman went from room to room, clearing them out of their furnishings and dancing her way to happiness.
Mikey wasn’t entirely sure of when she realized that he was following her because he became a lovesick puppy after taking two steps in through the plywood enforced doorway. Her free-flowing red dress jeered at his nature as a man, provoking his animalistic side and awakening the bull that lay dormant. The material was fairly thin; not enough to easily determine her undergarments, yet his imagination worked fairly well.
Pet’s heels lashed against the ground, and two 18-karat yellow gold anklets suckered him in. The left foot was more appealing with its charmed decorations wiggling around like her twining waistline. She played the role of siren quite well, considering she was oblivious to the bylaws.
By the time they reached the front room Pet stopped abruptly, turning to face Mikey. The only sounds were faded laughter from the back of the house and blocks of gaming rectangles being slammed against rotting wood. The crowd was really too distant to be threatening.
Pet and Mikey’s bodies were only two inches apart. Her head had to tilt back to completely make out his face, and his head had to move downward to fully experience hers. When his hand reached to caress her tan complexion, she did not budge. In fact she nestled her cheeks into his palms. He took it a step further and ran his broad fisherman hands through the hair flowing carelessly down her back.
“You iz beautiful,” he finally confessed with a deep exhale into her face.
In the semi-lighting of the room, they could barely see anything except for a silhouette. It was still sufficient because their features had already been deeply etched in their souls. Trouble rested so very near, but they rejected the risk. In fact, Pet and Mikey could have been standing at the center of a hurricane and not ever admit the danger. In a way, they were.
“Yuh know if de man come thru de dore den iz boat ah we dun fah,” she warned without moving away.
“I ain’ fraid ah he, or none ah dem bannas.” Mikey’s defense was flawless, as his chest expanded and he stepped further into her space. She took one step back.
They settled to listen, taking heed for a change. Pet’s right arm bent inward, landing on her slender hip. Mikey admired the curve he was now able to see. Cautiously, he attempted to step in again. This time she held ground. Feeling lucky, his fingers touched her thick mane once more.
After a few more seconds passed and, still with Mikey twirling through Pet’s silky-mixed tresses, she asked tenderly, “Where’s yuh ‘oman?” Green sparks glistened through her baby browns, with a hint of jealousy at the mere thought.
“Don’ ‘ave one . . .” he trailed, flashing gleaming white teeth. Her mouth widened in response and he caressed her lips with his long feelers.
“Where yuh bawn?” she followed up, with a deeper tone and knitted brows.
“Hall ova da place,” he advised as the corner of his mouth tilted upward.
With her arms crossed over her chest, she grew determined to get some answers. “Who is yuh famlee?”
“We caan talk ta-morrow,” he said, reluctantly removing his hands.
Pet grabbed him by the wrists and nuzzled the palms to the middle of her face, making an attempt to capture his musky cologne. Before letting go, she kissed the delicate centers and released him.
Mikey shifted downward and whispered through her feeble senses, “I gon tek yuh ‘way.” After his confession, he gently tapped his lips to her forehead in the same way as her husband. The only difference: Mikey’s energy reached Pet’s soul.
As Mikey turned to retrace his steps, Roger’s voice drew near. Pet rushed onto a brown and gray checkered settee to the left of where they had stood. She nuzzled into a sunken spot at the corner. There was a small kerosene lamp resembling a jug; it set off low sparks. Next to it was a thick cream book. She picked it up.
“Pet-trina, whay yuh go?” Roger shouted at the top of his lungs. “Whay yuh de gurl?”
Her eyes jolted beneath the light. A few more moments and she was snuggled against the seat’s puffy backrest, the opened book in hand. She curled up her toes inside her the dress as best as possible. Roger’s footsteps grew louder; at one point it seemed as if he bumped into a wall or a door.
Mikey scooted away from being too close to Pet, but he couldn’t bring himself to exit the room just yet. Looking like a timid mouse, she kept lifting and lowering her lashes at him; then she would motion towards the passageway to the next room. He just couldn’t leave her though, not with the drunken beast making progress inward.
When Roger finally reached them, sweat was draining from his forehead down through the pale, quarter-sleeved shirt-jac. He only briefly glanced at Mikey before reaching his wife with three broad steps. “Is ignore, yuh ignoring me?” he asked in a barely restrained tone, although the threat was still apparent.
“Naw, banna, I tink she was ‘sleep. Mi did look fah da baatroom. Cuddn’t ‘memba whey tuggo. I try waking she already fur she help,” Mikey quickly lied without a second thought. Realizing his flaw, he added, “But she neva ‘ear me from da bac’ door.”
“Is she and de blasted books,” Roger responded, as he reached down to grab at her. Pet flinched, but didn’t utter a word.
The houseguest spotted the potential for abuse in advance, and made a calculated decision to stop the head of the household from beating up on the woman he cared for. Mikey grabbed Roger with both hands from behind, capturing the abuser’s upper arms. Roger shook out of the hold almost instantly and spun around to face his brief oppressor.
“Wha wrang wid you, man?” He was a belligerent drunk. This was a challenge to him, so arrogance edged him on further.
Mikey sized him up.
Roger turned to look at his wife. Then his pitch black eyes glared deep into Mikey’s. Roger looked at Pet once more, then back again.
Hoping to dispel the situation, the visitor raised both palms just above his head. “Offica, I’z cool.”
Roger’s lids narrowed. A vein in his right jaw flexed.
Mikey eased up further.
Roger’s load lessened.
“Lef’ she ‘lone,” Mikey had to force himself not to step into Roger once more and bash him down.
Realizing that the movement of his chest was increasing in height and speed, he baited the man up further, “Tamarra, I gon bring yuh a bokkle ah rum from Martinique. Is French, I tink iz call Rhum Agricole.”
Roger lit up and took the bait. The promise was enough to soothe him for the time being.
“Wha’ you doing in Martinique, man?” the slighted spouse asked.
“I’z go all ova da place, man,” was the response.
With this new bonding, the men left out, allowing Pet her thoughts. Just before they retired the space, Mikey tilted back and winked. This wasn’t the last time that he’d have to use his head on her husband, but he made sure to always safeguard Pet whenever possible, until he could become a permanent protector.
*****
Mikey was rather tall. Pet melted whenever he came around, although she tried not to take notice of him. She couldn’t help but marvel at the exquisite nips and curves of his heightened profile. She warned herself, and fought off the urge to allow her pupils to mark his glorious face, and would even try to compel her nostrils from inhaling his specific aroma of sweat and worn out musk. When the men spoke, she’d make every attempt to distance her mind to more pressing matters. She considered plugging her ears with something, anything, that would force her mind to disregard the deep baritone sounds that escaped his mouth. On the contrary, Pet remained tickled and caught up in a sensation that had alluded her years, that is, prior to this point.
The next morning, Pet was up ahead of her ridiculously demanding spouse. She shuffled through their home, making sure that he would have an uneventful morning, and even less challenging work preparation. They spoke very little. In fact, his words were barked forward. It was okay because she’d grown accustomed to the rude behavior. Once her early duties were settled, nearly an hour before his rise from slumber, she escaped into her sewing room. Several clients had scheduled appointments over the course of the day and she wanted to prepare for the first one.
Roger slammed the door shut and mumbled a weak, “so long,” followed by his usual grunt over what he perceived as the complications of life. Pet exhaled. Often times, she hated the building that was made to be her home, simply because it was theirs—part of their connection. She was stuck. There was nothing that she could do. The Ramsey family members were too far away, although none would encourage her to leave her husband. No matter the consequences, they had made vows. More importantly, leaving would bring down disgrace. As the youngest and last to be married, little thought was put into this connection with Roger. He was wrong for her. She never knew about man and woman affairs before him, but what did she know? She’d never locked lips with another. Never even held hands as a schoolgirl. It had been determined that she would be his at that time, so there was no need to hope. She focused on her only joy; the needle and thread had married her a long time ago. Once they hooked her in, they latched on forever and ever―amen. But now, if only for now, she could believe that her mastery of stitching, designing and creativity was the essence of her existence.
Rather than bask in her lonely reprise, she welcomed an intruder into her mental sanctuary. Her thoughts were allowed to drift freely without direction; she nestled into the sin. As Pet’s lids lowered, she revisited Mikey’s glorious features and remarkable physique. Since their first meeting, she held deeply to his soul, as if a piece had somehow intertwined with hers.
“Mikey,” she sang aloud and without conviction. In no time, she began twirling around the living room to the low Calypso melodies of Lord Kitchener’s Miss Tourist. The calypsonian serenaded with:

I say doo doo . . .
Come in town J’Ouvert morning
Find yourself in a band
Watch the way how the natives moving
Hug up tight with a man
Sing along with the tunes they playing
And now and again shouting
Play mas’ Bacchanal Miss Tourist that is Carnival.1

During and after the chorus, she paused to shake and rumble to a juxtaposition of instruments. The horns were her favorite. At times they expressed more than words. She had to force herself to stop and prepare for a client, though she was smitten by the overall flow of the music. In between several pieces of material that was carelessly tossed about the space, she became lost to the world. After the song came to an end, the besotted crept into a hardback seat with a thin golden fabric wrapped across her shoulders, and she reminisced on the only man that she’d ever pined over. Several minutes into her sensual journey, peace gave way to a knock; an unavoidable distraction.
In that instant, Pet propped up and sprung to greet her anticipated patron. She was surprised by the fact that the gate had not alerted her of the guest in advance. Her speech was prim and proper. “Good morning,” cascaded around the opening before she realized that her yearnings had drawn him to her doorstep.
“Fah me?” Mikey asked coyly, beaming with eyes, teeth and nostrils. Sunshine rushed through the entrance.
Pet shrieked and sought shelter behind the door. For all the fondling of his magical name trickling from her lips and tongue, she was unable to greet him in person.
He stepped right into the entranceway, slowly brushing up against the clasp of her hands. His movements held purpose. He wanted a connection and got one. Roger’s simple, slender band of promise on her finger was polished against Mikey’s olive green top.
“Rog―” she began explaining that her husband had already left out for the day. Mikey interrupted by placing his pointer finger over delectable lips, ever so tenderly.
“Petrina.” He paused for correction or clarification. During this time, he’d not only managed to enter the home, but also close the door and turn her around.
She jolted her head in three short, deliberate strokes. A few strands of hair blew out of a loose, four-times-wound bun. His fingers greeted a deep brown curl as it dropped all the way down to her jawline. As her mane tickled down the length, he was tempted by her innocence.
“Beautiful Petrina,” he confessed with little restraint.
Pet opened her mouth to speak, but words never came. Everything pointed to want, need and desire. She knew better. Knew to chase him away. Knew to worry about the neighbor’s potential for snooping. Yet her heart didn’t consider. The warning was faint, and the emotions too real.
Mikey bent to Pet’s high cheekbones and gently placed his lips on either side. He then moved further down to her cone-shaped chin and suckled. She had never before felt the pangs of lust from such a subtle extension. Before long, her hands became intertwined in his lush black hair. She pulled him deep into her face, and into her soul. He willingly obliged.
The pair stood firmly inside the doorway and kissed as reunited lovers. An arousing tune of Ellie Matt and the GI’s Love You suddenly filled the home. This highly addictive brass rendition provided the backdrop for their magical moment. Ellie blasted the blaring confessions of:

Your slightest wish is my command
I say, I don’t care if ah Boston or New York City
I don’t care if you come from Washington DC
But I love you.2

During the chorus, when Ellie proclaimed, “I love you, love you, love you,” the duo could feel it in their souls. The morning’s musical renditions were courtesy of Pet, yet these were Mikey’s declarations to her. They knew it and smiled in agreement. His hands trailed her sloppy updo until his fingertips caused her locks to break loose and cascade further down her shoulders. She leaned back to shake loose any potential stragglers. A perfectly smooth and slender neck caught his attention, and he darted to her barely visible Adam’s apple to adorn. Pet moaned. His nose ran upward and alongside her chin. He showered a firestorm of kisses as his worship heightened. Shrilling with pleasure, he reluctantly pulled away to marvel at the effects. Pet was in a daze. They inhaled one another’s alluring fragrance, fed on each other’s unique tanginess and allowed the pitter-patter of their hearts to synchronize and blend. The outer world melted into nothingness.
Is this love? Or is it simply lust? It was too unfamiliar to Pet. Her desires drifted from her crown right down to her perfectly polished toes. She wiggled.
“Pet,” he sang along. His words mingled quite nicely with the melody, “Pet, I love you, I love you, I LOVE YOU!”
She giggled like never before.
Tap.
Just a light knock escaped the outer end of the door. The newest visitor didn’t continue. The door shifted just a slight amount.
Tap, tap.
Another push brought the door in some more.
Mikey and Pet were only about six inches away, but the distraction did not immediately stir their fears.
Tap, tap, tap, tap.
They finally jolted apart.
Was someone listening? Fantasy Island fled away. They crashed back down from the land of milk and honey. Worry spread out across the edges of her lids. Mikey was calm. He leaned forward and gently relieved her cares.
A familiar voice called out, “Hi, gurl. Open da door.”
The brass handle rattled and the thick wooden frame vibrated. The couple paused, allowing the sensation to penetrate the floorboard.
A moment was all they needed to evaluate this newest turn of events.
Pet sought an answer from Mikey. She held him, too anxious to loosen her grip.
He nodded twice.
“Hold on,” Pet finally managed, as Mikey was able to force her away from his protective frame.
He led her towards the center of the room and paused to contemplate their next move. As they moved about with urgency, Pet was still so eager to know the touch, feel, taste, and scent of carnal need. At each turn, she swallowed him up. The noisy disruption did not truly resonate with her until they stopped. She felt a rush of blood to her cheeks. He noticed, as if their ideas were parallel. The present time was not theirs to proceed. Taking heed to the threat, they rushed further into the home, in search of a proper hiding place. As a last resort, Mikey was escorted into Pet and Roger’s matrimonial bedroom. She couldn’t very well place him in her sewing room. It was typically used for clients to change and try on clothing. He most certainly couldn’t risk escaping up the backyard staircase.
When Mikey was secure, she proceeded to the impatient Mrs. Patterson. The sixty-nine-year-old woman suspiciously peered around the residence, while inquiring about the delayed answer. She motioned for Pet to reduce the volume of the music. The woman even made mention that she had seen a strange man heading into the home some time ago. In fact, Mrs. Patterson came from only three houses up the road, and she wasted little time in scanning every neighbor’s yard for nearly two blocks each way. Whenever she felt nosy enough, she’d even walk beyond her established watch. It wasn’t that she really cared. No, she was just fast, extra meddlesome.
For the entire ruckus at the door, the old woman was about five inches shorter than Pet. On the contrary, Mrs. Patterson’s husband was touching six feet. Even still, she controlled him. People teased her that when they became husband and wife, she should’ve never taken the Patterson name. The consensus was that he should’ve taken on her maiden name. She was a feisty woman that stood up against robbers and anyone that threatened her family or neighborhood.
This very behavior translated into trouble for Pet. Instead of allowing the seamstress to take the measurements for a green cotton material, Mrs. Patterson first requested a mug of tea or coffee. Then she asked for biscuits. Even fruits. The woman’s response was the same each time she had an appointment: “Please for” and “More”.
Pet wore guilt in her visibly jumping pupils and jutting lips. She’d turn away whenever a telltale twitch appeared, and would cough or excuse accordingly. From behind her bedroom walls however, her mind wandered to bittersweet cravings.
“You listening, Petrina?” Mrs. Patterson believed in enunciating her words, rather than in broken English as many did. In the midst of scolding, her eyes followed the younger woman from spot to spot, just as shifty as their intended victim.
“Jus tie-ard iz all.”
“Haven’t I told you to stop speaking like a common girl?” Mrs. Patterson’s tongue twirled about the words, giving the intended prey a sense of false airs.
“I ain’ got time fah all ah dah. I ‘ave a busy day ahead ah me. Come lewwe get ta this.”
Pet didn’t allow the critique to faze her. She shrugged it off and tilted her shoulders back. The wretched older woman kissed her teeth and stood stiff as ever. She’d just finished changing out of her street clothes. A deep purple fabric lay against wobbly skin. Pet moved into the living room area and motioned for her client to follow. That didn’t automatically happen. Stubborn old witch, Pet cursed in a low, inaudible tone.
“Please come here, Mrs. Patterson. Is that better?” She decided to play the silly game, in hopes of being able to rid herself of the pest.
The woman obliged, grinned, and then flounced over to her seamstress.
“I feel sorry for your husband. God bless that man!” Pet added to deaf ears.
Everything about Mrs. Patterson was complicated, so why not her tailoring? It was difficult to maneuver her heavy bust into the coveted design; yet she requested, no—demanded—the style.
After about twenty more minutes of titivating around the material, the task was completed. A few times Pet wanted to jook the woman with the edge of a pin. She knew better. Though she was extremely annoyed, Pet smiled and shook off the wicked thoughts.
Once done, Pet rushed the woman through the front door. She felt like her breathing had paused for the entire session. When she turned in anticipation of her pending escapade, Mikey was already there. Her forehead barely aligned with his chin, but it was enough for him to pucker up candy-pink lips and taste the moisture of fear and excitement. Pet didn’t pull back straightaway, even though she knew this game could be dangerous. There was a dire need to recapture their prior enjoyment, although the risks were obvious.
“She’s mi-zer-able, that ‘oman,” he spewed, and encased her into his arms. She avoided complete seclusion.
“She means well, ya know. And she’s right I know betta. Only ting iz I don’t wanna walk ‘round da place wid mi nose up in da air iz all.”
Mikey smirked, and Pet grew nervous. She felt a chill just from looking into his tantalizing face. She shook from side to side and ducked past his armpit as he made a move to wrap her up.
“Roger would kill the two-ah-we,” she expressed as a known fact.
“I’m not ‘fraid ah Roger.”
“You should be, if you know wha’ good fa yuh.”
The timid woman forced her strength and pushed her shoulders back as far as reasonably possible, without looking as uncomfortable as she felt. “Wha’ iz dis man?”
She couldn’t believe that she’d allowed herself to behave like a common floosy. In fact, she’d never let anything like that happen before. Never. “I’m married; married to a madman.” Without turning away, she stepped backwards.
Mikey’s pupils sparkled. He refused to let her put more than a foot between them. The lines were drawn, but he brazenly challenged the perimeter.
It pained Pet to crave this stranger. She had to squeeze her lids around the rays of hope and desire coming from within. The decision was made to dismiss her wants in that instant.
“I cyan’t be wicked or wild,” she scolded aloud. Then turning to the outer boundary of the home, declared, “You have ta go. You have ta go.” The command grew louder, until she finally paused.
In a few wide steps, she was opening the door, gripping on for dear life. A tinge of fear engulfed her. She wondered if it was sensible to expose this piece of smut to the world outside of these gates. There was no choice. Her tortured soul condemned Mikey to a lustful dungeon. “You have ta go now,” she repeated. This time her pitch was gentler than before.
He didn’t argue, but instead relieved her of his presence for the time being. Pet knew that he would eventually come back. When he did, she feared that her reaction might not be the same.
*****
The following morning, she prepared for a busy day, once Roger had headed to work. He’d left several bills on the dresser, knowing that it was market day. His sacrifice could barely buy a day’s worth of provisions, much less a week’s. He knew she was good for the difference. Pet cuffed the bills, put them in her purse, and set out to bathe in the backyard. She enjoyed the cool, sometimes drying effect of the morning sun and breeze. Filling a washbasin, she closed her eyes and took in the potent sounds and scents of her surroundings. A nearby dog was growling. A rooster crowed in the distance. A pot of cassareep came very close to burning.
The entire time, Pet reminisced on the prior morning’s visit. As she lathered up with a bar of Old English soap, her palms marked the areas she wished Mikey was able to caress. Tears mixed with suds. Her chest heaved at each new release.
Roger was her husband, yet he’d never made her want him the way that Mikey had done in such a short space of time. Sure, her mate was pleasing to study. She heard the comments of other women. Saw their looks. His eyes however, revealed who he really was.
Pet dropped the soap in the water-filled container and stretched out both arms away from her body, to the sides. Then she pressed back her head, extending her neck for an imaginary kiss of sorts. She exhaled from the pit of her stomach, not moving for about a minute. Her body was slanted in the direction of the old concrete sink. Peace overtook her mind and limbs.
A hand wrapped around her neck from nowhere. Panic filled her guts. She was unable to see her assailant. The person stood directly behind her. With a free hand, they slapped at her protruding bottom then paused.
Silence.
Another firm palm extended to her backside.
Silence once more.
She wiggled, with very little luck.
“Plea―” she attempted, before the hand moved from neck to mouth.
Pet’s entire naked body jolted continuously. She could not break free, until she heard a laugh—a loud, wicked laugh. It was an all too recognizable bawling at that. She stopped fighting, and realized that her assailant knew the game was over. Once released, she turned to glare into the emotionless, dark eyes of her tormentor.
“Roger, wha dat?” She was infuriated by his bullish actions.
“You’s my ‘oman. Me wife,” he confessed, as if that gave him the right to batter and abuse her.
“You mek me ‘fraid.”
“Fraid ah wha? I’z a police offica. Yuh tink any and any body cyaan come in hay an mess wid mi propaty? Is mad you mad?” He walked away hollering loudly.
Once the anger subsided, Pet thanked God that this hadn’t taken place the day before. Roger normally never ventured home like that, not until after the workday was done. Whaz gying on? He know sumting?
The very thought was enough to cause worry. Still naked, she grabbed at her neck, as the recollection of his very real threat presented itself once more. This time, the noise from the door and gate was marked in the distance. He snuck in before? But why? she wondered.
*****
Other than a market reprieve, she was headed for a visit with her sister, Pamela. There were two other siblings in between them; they lived further away and didn’t have quite the same type of relationship as these two. Pam lived in New Amsterdam, with two more nearby. It was very rare that Pet managed to spend private time with any of them. So when Pam reached out about meeting up on a brief town visit, Pet gladly accepted.
Their get-together was scheduled for one of the oldest of markets in Guyana―Stabroek. Pet was early by a long shot. When she arrived, the giant clock at the entrance―unlike any other in the country―read seven twenty-two. The Victorian inspired tower was outlined in an ironclad casing and matching burgundy roof. Patrons were piling in and around this main structure. This massive marketplace was quite popular for sellers and buyers alike. On any given day, the patrons and attendants would be immeasurable, while mini vans, taxis, and ferries carried visitors to the grounds.
The haggling was only beginning. Shabby wooden stalls securely housed mountains of fruits and vegetables, leaning as if they would collapse. Cubicles were worn out. A good kind of worn out, where the smells induced droplets of pride on the fat of your neck.
After forty-five minutes of waiting, Pam arrived. The sisters welcomed each other with hugs, kisses, and shouts.
“Wah guyn-on, Pet?” Pam pulled away, pinching the younger woman’s cheeks.
“Wah yuh mean?”
“Yuh eyes dem bright.”
“Iz da sun, gurl.”
“Naw. Da man mekking you happy?”
“Wha man?”
“Yuh husband, gurl. Rog.”
“Oh pleez. Le-we-go shop.”
The sisters moved inside the market. Pet was glad for the darkness. She felt shy that Pam had noticed what she tried to hide, but certainly knew.
A week passed without Mikey’s nighttime rum sessions with Roger, or even a daytime exploit with Pet. She told herself that it was a relief. Tried to disregard the yearning. Convinced her mind that it was for the best. Common sense told her this, although her heart disagreed.
*****
After another few days, Pet was vexed. She didn’t want to care. From the kitchen to the dining and living areas, she scrubbed and kneaded the floors. There wasn’t much grime, yet she wiped and re-wiped. From six in the morning, to close to one, she tortured herself and battered the boards. Everything was silent. This wasn’t the norm.
As she prepared to turn on an old stereo, she heard the pull of steel against concrete. Her heart pounded. She rushed to the door, flung it open, and stood in the passageway. Mikey strode towards her. He cut through the yard, floating in as her golden promise.
Everything that she had told herself about putting him out of her mind, fled away. She stood before him in quarter shorts that revealed the flawless span of her hips and thighs. The top she wore was perhaps sizes smaller and drew attention to her slender waistline. On a whim, she jumped up and clasped her legs around his waist. This welcome solidified their newly formed romance. An adulterous relationship developed between the two. He was set to leave the South American country, but kept delaying because of his claim that this was the first woman to ever bewitch him.
*****
Two months later, on a humid Wednesday morning around eleven-thirty, long after Roger had gone out to work, Mikey came by as usual. He carried a tan silk wrap that matched Pet’s complexion. She was captivated, dancing around the home and twirling the fabric amongst her shiny skin. She was angelic, floating in peace. Mikey sat at the edge of a single seat, mahogany chair. As she lightly giggled, he smiled and hunched over, pressing elbows against thighs, while the palms of his hands encased his cheeks. He was pleased to see her happy, though he knew it would be short-lived.
“Come, meh Pet, come,” he finally spoke after watching her for close to fifteen minutes.
She immediately stopped her celebration and rushed to stand in front of him. He drew back further into the chair and motioned for her to sit on his lap. She eagerly did so.
“I love you, me Mikey!” she said, plopping onto his knees. Both of her legs were exposed, as either dangled over his. Pet drew further into his manhood and stretched her arms over his shoulders, reaching beyond his ears. Her wrists lapped over each other at the base of his neck. Their bodies blended perfectly, while the outer world faded away.
“I love you too, me Pet,” he responded, somewhat officially.
She noticed.
“Wha wrang?” Her head lay against the corner of his chin. She panted, wanting to ignore his obvious distress.
“I hafta go―” he blurted out.
Before he could open up further, she jumped up and kissed her teeth.
“Yuh get wha yuh wan an’ now yuh ah gon lef me?” Tears were streaming down her cheeks and falling onto balled up fists. Her face shone, and her nose turned fiery red. Drops of snot formed at her upper lip. She didn’t bother to wipe off any of the damage. He caused the pain, so she wanted him to see it all.
Mikey hoisted up and bowed his head. He was ashamed. When he tried to pull her closer to him, she shook out of his grip. Taking two wide steps backwards, Pet felt out of sorts, then remembered being bare-skinned. Her lower portion was covered in a French-cut white cotton bloomer lined with thin-laced edges, while her upper body was mainly exposed, with the exception of a thick-strapped white pointed brassiere. Feeling jilted, Pet started wrapping the delicate cloth around her body—first against her slender back, next across her A-sized breasts, and finally along her flat belly.
She got dizzy. He forced her to take a seat, and then dropped to his knees.
“No, mah Pet. I hafta sail out fah ah few months,” he clarified, as he crawled against the slippery floor.
His long khaki pants squeaked at his efforts, but he continued on. By the time he got close enough to wrap his arms around her, several drops of liquid had fallen onto his scattered, bushy black hair and trailed down the middle of his broad forehead. “I promise tah come bak fuh yuh.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.”
Mikey was in town for two more weeks.
*****
The romance never hitched between the pair, no matter how depressed either became at the impending separation. Daytime was openly theirs. Even the night provided a clever performance of Mikey and Pet’s love. Mikey commenced the rum sessions with Roger and the others. The lovers tried not to stare too much when they felt others were observing. On a few occasions, they’d even bump into one another, just to feel the realness of their existence. The men that came over hardly ever noticed the indiscretions; they liquored up on arrival. The women were so caught up with vying for the men’s affections, that they couldn’t very well keep tabs on the two either.
At times, however, Pet felt Roger’s cold stare. She even caught him glaring at Mikey, but Roger never said anything. Never gave reason to believe that he knew his wife’s secret. Other than these glances, he appeared to be ignorant.
On the last night before Mikey was to sail out, as he stood behind Roger and glanced down into the row of blocks waiting to be played, a younger female visitor, belonging to a man that always looked cross and hateful for some reason or another due to the deep grooves of his forehead, made an observation that no one had mentioned before.
“Al-yuh look alike,” she proclaimed behind a giggle.
“Who, Shonell?” Her man, Trevor, requested.
“Rog and Mikey,” she noted, pointing back and forth at them. Her face was painted up like a common trollop. The majority of smooth butterscotch skin was exposed. Her lashes fluttered and lit up, showing how proud she was of this new revelation.
“Shut yuh mout, gurl,” a smoky, dark girl named Yvonne offered in a manly tone. The scolder was a bit magga with reddish brown, kinky hair. A thick brass band decorated her left bicep. Bright gold bangles dangled from both wrists. She raised a cigarette to deep purple lips, took a long draw, and kissed perfectly shiny, bright teeth.
“Really?” Roger asked, as he turned to look up at the man standing behind him. He made certain to hide his dominoes from view, curling hands inward as he flexed his wrist. “Wah yu tink, Pet? Could Mikey pass fuh me?” A cheeky grin plastered his face.
Pet pretended not to hear. She was beginning to feel uncomfortable. Her stomach was queasy already; the questioning was not helping. Nonetheless, the thought had already crossed her mind. She had just never mentioned it.
“Yuh deaf?” Roger screamed at the top of his lungs.
The women jumped.
Pet was startled and looked over at her husband, then up at her lover. Without being asked again, she quickly let her oppressor know that there was a slight resemblance.
“So you could ah mistek Mikey fuh me?”
“No,” she responded as if in a trance. Her heartbeat increased. She was visibly uncomfortable beneath everyone’s stares. Droplets formed at the bridge of her nose.
“So wha yuh mean we resemble den?”
Mikey had had enough.
“Lef she,” he scolded. Wanting to take focus from Pet, he lured Roger as before. “Yuh know I might be ah relative ah the Chungs?”
Pet tried to hide her relief, although her lips curved up. She wasn’t entirely sure the new information was accurate; however, she knew this was the type of detail that her husband loved. After the time spent with Mikey, she didn’t have the faintest clue whether or not it was remotely possible. He’d only shared bits of his background. No one, not even Pet, knew where this self-proclaimed fisherman originated. He’d always said it was best that way.
“Chung?” several people shout out.
He nodded.
“The politician?” another quizzed.
“I taut you waz a Trini banna?” Waheed asked.
“I neva tell yuh I’z a Trini.”
“So where yuh from?”
“All ova.”
One of the ladies got frustrated with the bickering and cut everybody off with a loud, high-pitched noise, “How yuh related tuh Chung?” she asked, as her head tilted sideways and suspicion clouded jet black pupils.
“You’s a joke, bai,” another female exclaimed.
“I’z a relative too yuh know,” another jeered.
“Well da tree ah yuh cah pass fa triplets,” someone else chimed in, pointing at Roger, Mikey and Waheed.
“Besides all ah da, you two fava bad-bad,” Waheed confessed, taking one final drain from his glass.
Roger didn’t find any of it funny, not at all. He sucked his right side teeth, and then took another draw of spirits. The bottle was emptied and quickly tossed to a nearby bush against the wall. “Go inside,” he commanded of Pet.
That was the last time she would see the majority of her guests, if only that were the case with her husband.
*****
Pet only learned of her pregnancy by chance. This was not something she considered on a regular basis. Roger appeared to be sterile, although he fought to prove otherwise. Three months after Mikey’s departure, when the constant morning sickness caused concerns, she still didn’t realize what was going on. She went to see a local nurse-aide out of concern because no matter what kind of tea she tried, the feeling kept coming back.
As she described the “bad-feelings” to the thirty-something-year-old dark-skinned woman, a grin spread across the nurse’s face.
“Roger finally knock yuh up, huh?” Nurse Connie clapped her hands several times and headed for the kitchen.
Pet’s heart flopped immediately. After all the years, how could Roger have finally gotten her pregnant? Moreover, anytime he forced himself onto her, she’d rush into the shower and let his nastiness flow out of her. While in deep thought, she didn’t realize that Nurse Connie had re-entered the living area. Pet was perched on the end of a shiny red velvet settee. It was uncomfortable, but she didn’t care. Her lips were trembling and tears flowed down her cheeks. Additionally, her head began bobbing from side to side.
“Get up, gurl.” The older woman yanked at Pet’s wrists and pulled. “When da babee cum, yuh can finally love da man. Cum drink some ginger tea―iz fresh.”
Pet did as she was told, immediately drying up her cheeks. They spoke further and tried to confirm what both already knew, until Pet could get an official appointment. She remained silent otherwise. The minute that she got home; however, Pet dropped onto the wooden floor. Her chest heaved and her nose bubbled up. The wood started to look stained from the overflow of her tears. Instead of just wiping up the portion that was damaged, she plastered it further out. Her reflection scolded.
Shooting up suddenly, she went to the backyard. There was a chipped-up cement washbasin against the rear gate that backed up to a much higher concrete barrier. A baby-blue plastic pail was thrown to its side. She grabbed the plastic container and began to fill up the washbasin with cold water; all that was available. As the water filled the bucket and eventually began pouring out of the sink, all Pet could do was stare in disbelief. Her doubt was not in the water’s potential for catastrophe. The basin’s troubles could not compare to the trouble that her body was in. She believed—reasonably believed—that the child she carried did not, and could not, belong to Roger. The child that she instantly fell in love with, upon hearing of her pregnancy, was surely Michael Chen’s.
*****
When Mikey returned from his four-month journey, he was shocked to see Pet with a swollen belly. In fact, it only protruded and was easily mistaken. As he entered the living room that they’d enjoyed together, he wept. Pet kissed and cuddled the man that was destined to remove her from this personal hell. She instantly knew his pain.
“Iz you babee,” she assured him with a tilted smile.
“‘Ow yuh know?”
“I know. All ah da years me an’ Roga deh, mi cyaan geh pregnant. I try fah stop it too. I still try fah stop it. I neva try fah stop it wid you. Iz you babee, Mikey. Iz you own.”
She smothered him in hope and promise.
“Yuh shore, Pet?”
“Yes Mikey. I’z shore.”
“Yuh know, Pet. I gon tek yuh ‘way.”
She laughed aloud, although fear filled the sound.
“Da iz wha I did come to tell yuh. Me ‘ave a plan.”
She didn’t reply, only shivered at the possibility.
“Truss me, Pet. I gon tek yuh ‘way.”
*****
At the beginning of Mikey and Pet’s exodus from Guyana, they had one goal in sight: freedom. While away, he plotted their departure. Even before his return, things were already set in motion so that they could take off the month following his re-entry. He promised her that it could be no other way. With the addition of a baby, he had to get his lover away from her abuser as quickly as possible. For Mikey, it meant freedom from worry and uncertainty for the woman he loved. He could protect and fend for himself. He even felt certain that he could do the same for her. For Pet, it meant freedom from marital obligations that could potentially cost her life someday.
Mikey had squared things away with Robin. He felt sure that Pet had nothing to worry about. Now she hurried alongside him, each step meant more and more. With each turn, from one corner to the next, the black Yatins she’d changed into barely helped to alleviate the grinding of the pebbled roadway. She was sheepishly dedicated to the task at hand.
As the sun traced the familiar path from sleep to wake, the fleeing couple registered how very dangerous their plot had become. Several times, while going past a stilted home of a familiar client, Pet had held her breath. Even if someone were to notice the indiscretion of a less than innocent dame and her lover, would they really meddle in her happiness?
They traveled along. Their destination was the Kitty Market, which was within a few short minutes of the station where Roger worked. Waheed was meeting them there with a rickety, old van. Pet could not understand why Mikey had made him a part of their plot, but she shrugged off the worry. She had faith in her Mikey. In the open space, everyone should be going about his or her business. No one would really suspect anything in this center, but at the house it would be too obvious. Pet never went anywhere with luggage, in any type of vehicle. She hoped Roger wasn’t outside of the station, or even that the patrons would drown out the scheming.
Long before they reached the heart of the marketplace, Pet spotted Waheed. He was leaning up against a deep red Volkswagen van. His right hand rested at the bottom half of the opened passenger side window as he took back-to-back draws of smoke. His pupils peered around the cluttered space. The only reason Pet even noticed his eyes from afar was because they appeared to be twice their normal size.
“Mikey? Mikey?” She wanted to alert her lover, but several school children were gathered in front of her. The young women wore the emblem of Bishop’s High School and the young men that of Queen’s College. Dark green pants with ties on long sleeved, simple bright white shirts for the guys. Khaki skirts and quarter-sleeved white shirts for the girls. Their conversations drowned out her tender tone, although the distracting behavior was acceptable for the youth. Pet was at fault. She needed to open her mouth and speak up but was haunted. Guilt, as well, had become a steadfast companion. She was still too fearful to call out Waheed; scared that somehow the plan would get ruined. “Allyuh move outta the way nuh,” she scolded the kids. “Gwan ta school, pickney.”
It was then that Mikey finally heard her. Turning around, he took two steps and leaned to ask, “Why yuh so miz―” but was immediately cut off when he looked full into her face.
He reached into her headwrap and captured her chin. Within two seconds, his lips were on hers for a gentle kiss. Before he pulled away, he nibbled on her bottom lip and declared, “Me Pet.”
She replied, “Me Mikey.” And forgot everything about Waheed, including his shifty eyes. Targeting the getaway vehicle, the couple ambled hand-in-hand and grinned as if their love was the most natural thing in the world.
They piled into the vehicle and prepared to take off. Waheed faced her several times. His gaze was blatant, resting on her slight belly. He even turned in the direction of Kitty’s police station. His palms rested on the stripped steering wheel. Either thumb would tap with a flex of his wrist. The rest of his fingers shivered. Nerves had gotten the best of him. He looked up to the area just above the market stalls. Pet followed his gaze. He looked away. When she turned to get Mikey’s attention, he was preoccupied with a stranger.
Pet suddenly felt compelled to defend herself, explain her shortcomings. Her mouth formed an O. Waheed put up his hand to stop her. She looked at him. He turned away and kissed his teeth. Mikey was finally ready to go. Waheed put the transport in gear and started to turn out from the location. His gaze lingered longer than necessary in the opposite direction. She followed along, as before. Barely buried amongst a crowd of market patrons, she caught sight of her husband’s profile. A gasp escaped her lips, but everyone beyond the front of the van was lost to it. She shot a glance at Waheed and just caught the tail end of a smirk. Turning back to the spot of her discovery, the seemingly familiar figure had disappeared. Panic lingered, but when nothing happened after five minutes, she chalked it up to imagination. A fear-induced mirage of sorts.
Mikey did not originally tell her exactly where they were going. What he did share was that there was an airplane involved. The drive from the marketplace to Timehri Airport felt like a final farewell to Pet. This was her country, her Guyana. Sitting in the passenger seat of the vehicle, she leaned against the thick glass and bid farewell. Moisture provided a thin layer.
“Ride the Sea Wall, nuh?” It was the only request she made. He obliged.
They turned up Vlissengen Road and found their way up the Sea Wall’s Road. The water waved farewell to the envoy. Pet returned its sway, lightly rubbing the dry portion of the window. Mikey reached forward to massage her back. He sensed her heartbreak. Memories would be etched in her mind for the remainder of her life.
Waheed drifted along the ocean for as long as possible. Palm trees lined paved streets. Before long, they cut up High and drifted onto Main Street. Pet lowered her head and pressed against the wound-up window. She didn’t care to see any more.
Pet hugged her baby and wondered if she’d ever get to experience these sites with him or her.
As if reading her mind, Mikey whispered in her ear, “We cyan bring the babee when ‘im geh big.”
She turned around in her chair. “Why ‘im and nah ‘er?”
He laughed heartily.
She decreased her voice and declared, “If iz a boi, I wan ‘im call Michael.”
He offered with a grin, “If is a gurl, we gon call she Sakkara.”
Pet reclined. Her brows asked the question.
“It means sweet.”
“How yuh know?”
“I do.”
Finally Waheed spoke up. “Whey all yuh guyin?”
“Da a-port, banna,” Mikey confirmed.
“Whey al-yuh flying?”
“Na boda with da. Me gon call yuh.” Annoyance filled Mikey’s words.
“Evry ting wid you iz a big secret, banna,” Waheed added.
Pet got goosebumps, but she played it off.
“Geh a life a yuh own. Me business is fah me.”
“Ah-right, bossman,” Waheed finally backed down and refocused on the fifty-five-minute journey in silence.
*****
Mikey and Pet walked onto the tarmac, preparing to board their Pan Am flight for Port of Spain, Trinidad. Pet had finally taken down the black head covering. She embraced newness quite well, and instantly forgot that she had once made vows to another man. Her new life beckoned; she bid the old farewell. She tilted into her lover, not entirely sure of his sacrifices. Be it as it may, she convinced herself of their significance.
Her beau was leaving behind the name of Michael Chen. She would no longer be Petrina Dugal. Their names were now Cecil Anthony Walters and Alyson Iris Walters. They were a married couple, almost officially. Roger’s ring was destroyed and Mikey’s manifested. Her lover would make things valid at some point in the future. Their old identities had to be completely removed from existence. She still needed to believe that this would all manifest into reality and their love would be longstanding. Mikey promised. Pet held him to his word. While glancing down at the documents from the rice parcel, she noticed her picture inside an official United States green card. It had been taken shortly after Mikey had returned back from work. Her lover rubbed her back and kissed her lips. He promised to handle everything, and he did just that.

1999

New York, USA

Sakkara’s Journey


In the late ‘90s, Sakkara Riley set out to find her biological parents. As a newborn, she’d been discovered and raised by Edward and Pearl Riley. The physical evidence pointed to abandonment, the emotional remnants otherwise.
Ever since the age of sixteen, when her adoptive parents handed over a parcel of items from the day she’d been discovered, Sakkara started planning. Edward and Pearl made a pact with her―an agreement of sorts. The Rileys would finance her research efforts, and she would wait until all of her schooling was completed. Not only had she held up to her end of the bargain, she had outperformed. Sakkara did such a remarkable job that they didn’t even have to cover her undergraduate or graduate studies; still they begged her to let them help. They wanted to commission someone to handle the research. But Sakkara’s mind was made up; it had to be her and no one else.
After being found and taken to a nearby hospital, it was determined that she’d been born just three days before her discovery on the thirty-first of May, 1975. In the present day, her date of birth was just seven days away. Following the formalities of graduation, and the fake expressions of joy, Sakkara’s ultimate happiness was in pursuing her heart’s desire. She held to her past, and the life she had previously led for a moment longer, then flung her cap, gown and sash on her pink princess canopy bed. Having completed her studies, she was free to put this future life on hold. The red and black tacky polyester adornments were barely retired before the twenty-three-year-old grabbed two deep red travel bags and headed in the direction of the airport shuttle.
The vehicle would carry her to a five forty-five American Airlines flight from JFK airport to an unknown home, somewhere in the Caribbean. In three hours she would depart the States in search of truth, meaning, purpose, and her true heritage. Against Edward and Pearl’s constant pleading, she purchased seven tickets―Trinidad and Tobago, Grenada, Barbados, Saint Lucia, Martinique, Antigua, and Guyana. Her flight back would be debatable because she was not clear on what she would find, or when exactly the trip would end. Sakkara was motivated by need, determination and stubbornness. She grinned at the possibilities. For the remainder of the year, she dramatically declared that she would “commune with her ancestors”.
Amongst the casual clothing she’d bought for the journey were the most important items she would ever own. Sakkara believed that they would lead directly to family: her real family.
The Rileys believed that the obvious step would be to check locally, but not having any tangible ties to her parents in the United States, she decided the foreign explorations were necessary. When she’d been discovered as a child, someone had cleverly left a parcel of items that provided insight into who, what, why, where, when, and maybe even how. Whether on purpose or by chance, these articles were her keys. Sakkara referred to the items as her artifacts.
Multi-colored, boulder-like pieces of white, beige, gray and tan formed a stone necklace around a flimsy piece of twisted twine. Not a single decorative fragment had matching shapes; some wrapped and some overlapped. Others clasped to either end. Imperfect holes had been bored close to the tips, in order to be looped onto the band. It was decidedly old and unique. After a bit of research, they were able to trace the item back to Antigua. A friend of Edward’s dated it to the 1890s. Although it wasn’t flashy, there was significance to its meaning.
There was a belief that a British construction consultant, Sir Joseph Wilfred English, had collected various pieces of spoils from a journey during development, hoping to share these treasures with his wife and daughter. The items included rather simple finds, but valuable to him nonetheless. They were wrapped and housed in a cream sack. The two-and-a-half-inch cloth pouch, which he’d kept near at all times, had apparently dropped out of his pocket during a building inspection and become lost. Since that time, this location had been ravaged with several terrible earthquakes. In the October before Sakkara’s birth, a 7.5 magnitude quake did significant damage to the island. One of the worst cases was the Anglican cathedral of St. John the Divine. Although these natural disasters certainly tore down, they could uproot as well. The investigator could not confirm that the piece was the one owned by the designer; however, he could confirm that the stones dated back to the original construction, and the dirt samples pointed to the region. Yet no one knew what that had to do with Sakkara’s original family.
As mysterious as the Antiguan piece, Sakkara’s parcel also included a signed 1964, first edition of Madye Lee Chastain’s, Magic Island. Moreover, it was leather-bound. The two items had ages of time between, yet they were both of equal value to the girl. The book’s pages were stained on nearly half the inside corners and had become a faded yellow-tinged shade, so she kept it in a large, see-through plastic baggie. She badly wanted to preserve the item.
There were two signatures on the inside. One read: To Aunt Babsie with love. The other was just the author’s autograph. No one would have originally thought to link the book to Barbados, even with the book’s subject reference; however, an auctioneer brought to light a barely-there mention of the Barbados Public Library. Perhaps the most distinct clue they found was the Barbados coat of arms stamp on the back, inner portion of the cover. It was void of color; however, the message was clear: PRIDE AND INDUSTRY. Just beneath the stamp was a hefty imprint displaying the year: 1966. It was remarkable because that was the year that the queen had officially given the decree.
Sakkara wondered what it could possibly have to do with her family. Clearly, a common citizen would not have such a valuable relic. Or could it have been stolen? She would try to excuse the latter, because it was the most difficult to accept, though worry crept up from time to time.
Grenada’s contribution to Sakkara’s bundle had been used to protect her in the alleyway. It was a thin crocheted wrap. The coverlet was layered several times over, with the lower portion being bright white. The next level provided a blue shading, which was most likely dyed prior to its final attachment. And finally, the upper layer completed what was keenly identified as the horseshoe-shaped St. George’s Harbor. The picture boasted sparse, sturdy structures along the waterside, as well as a range of hilly grasslands. These were all depicted in detail on Sakkara’s wrap. The material and design could easily be linked to an early style of Irish lacework.
It was the most difficult to place because it held conflicting information. Although the image on the fabric was associated with Grenada, in the corner of the needlework was a signature tag, claiming that it was a Mourraille Original. The tag was old silk and not common, at least not common to an older fragment. The name was not synonymous with that particular island; however, it could be linked to another―Barbados. They were able to trace the name to a well-known Bagan plantation named Francia Great House that had been built in 1913 by Rene Mourraille, a French-Brazilian farmer that settled on the island after taking a local wife. Why are they crossed? What do the two have in common? Why would this precise artwork, so to speak, fashioned after the fascinating harbor, also have claims to this Frenchman? Moreover, the islands were more than three hundred miles apart in distance.
Other than the obvious classification of Caribbean countries, Sakkara’s research revealed that both Grenada and Barbados had received an influx of Irish workers during slavery times. They had been sent as indentured servants. The first set was “Barbadoed” as early as the 1600s. This practice had been forced on those that were perhaps seen as not contributing to society, or insignificant in the eyes of the privileged. They came to be known as Redlegs, due to their tenderness of skin and lack of tolerance to the sun, once they had been relocated in the region. The Irish that had ended up in Grenada, on the other hand, were comprised of outcasts that were referred to as the “Wild Geese”. This group had claimed the English on the island without a fight, and in turn had taken over their merchandise and properties. This history was too rich and too significant to choose one location over the other, so Sakkara had no choice but to track both.
Two faded and torn black and white photographs, one of the St. George’s Cathedral in Georgetown, Guyana, and another of a newborn child, were folded up in a shiny black satin sack with a multitude of embroidered beads. On the first, the coating was delicate and bubbled up from the backing at the creases. Semi-rounded edges peeled just enough to threaten the entire layout, yet Sakkara refused to damage the photograph with tape. She wanted it to maintain its original authenticity, and authentic it was. It had not completely maintained the original color, as the black was already quite faded, and dirty brown shading had taken over. The white, on the other hand, was noticeably yellow. The condition of this one decidedly pointed to albumen paper. An 1883 date resided on the rear, while the lower portion of the photo had the name A.S. Lane. It was scribbled, as if signed. The date reference reflected the actual creation of the Province of the West Indies. This picture captured the entire front portion of the building without any bystanders.
The other picture also distinguished what they came to recognize as the photographer’s name, A.S. Lane. It was a sideways facial view featuring a tender chin, pudgy cheeks, and possibly bright red lips. A wide-brimmed bonnet shaded the complete right eye, while the bottom of the other was just barely visible. The date stamp was missing; however, the auctioneer was able to confirm that this photo could not have been taken during the same time as the other. The hues and depths were more profound, and the paper texture common with that of a later time period. He couldn’t be too exact, but stated that it was most likely a Kodak Velox. Typically, this would’ve been labeled on the back, but the indication was missing altogether. The significance of that fact led the gentleman to deduce that the child’s photo was in fact much later. The likelihood of it being taken sometime in the 1950s was quite plausible.
Why then the reference to A.S. Lane if the samples represented completely different eras? Andrew Samuel Lane had been a British photographer that had traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean, taking account of life in the colonies. He had regularly been commissioned by popular museums to deliver entire exhibits. After in-depth research, a surprising revelation surfaced. A lesser known A. S. Lane had also been drawn to the Caribbean during the ‘50s, ‘60s and ‘70s. A female photographer, and phenomenal Irish woman at that, was the creator of this masterpiece. A. S. Lane had fallen in love with the culture and had spent more than half of each year in travels. It was not until the late‘70s that she had finally received the praise she rightfully deserved. Although she had since retired and had been living a reclusive life in Guyana, Sakkara hoped to locate and speak with the famed artist.
A magazine clipping of an old black and gold Seikosha sewing machine was also bundled up with the pictures. The design was a Japanese knock off of the popular US Singer brand. The Rileys believed that there was no real significance to this one because it was not an authentic collection. This appeared to be more of a sentimental item. Sakkara loved and valued it that much more for being symbolic.
The pouch that carried these pictures was small enough to fit into a larger beaded golden purse. The loftier vessel held Trinidadian money: five 1966 bronze one-cent coins, and similar five-cent bits. There was also a tangled up bracelet with two rows of the lower denomination. Metal loops and clasps had done very little to secure the makeshift jewelry. The mismatched pouch set was of significance. The Rileys did not initially consider them to be of importance, except for the items they bore. However, as several pieces were being inspected, they learned that the pouches had been created in 1943. Due to their lack of modern splendor, someone unfamiliar with France’s signature markings would easily dash these pieces to the wayside.
They carried the markings of a rumored showgirl from Paris, Yvonne Marseille. She had been involved with a low-level aristocrat by the name of Jerome Legrand. With what little connections he had, on account of his prestigious wife, he had set his mistress on a prominent path. Their involvement could never be accepted openly because of his high-level marriage. Nevertheless, that had not stopped Legrand from showering gifts on Mademoiselle Marseille. Eventually, word did get out and she’d had to flee her beloved France. In time, and with the prompting of those concerned for her well-being, she had found refuge in Trinidad and Tobago. No one really knew what had brought her to its sanctity; however, her life had never been the same, with the exception of the fascinating French treasures she’d constructed.
Time eventually fell out of love with the French rose and she’d withered away, along with her lonesome tale. The prized merchandise of her youth had since melted into oblivion. Where did her treasures end up? With the exception of Sakkara’s spoil, who now held the rest? No one knew. The collectors that Edward spoke with could not understand how the artifacts had ever befallen the hands of a modest, aging gentleman.
There were even more valuables. An 18-karat, matching doubled looped necklace, earring, and ring set was also hidden in a secret compartment of the larger purse. The chain was a bit on the heftier side. Five sets of multi-colored diamonds were encased and backed by tarnished gold. They were separated by about an inch of chain along the necklace’s front. The piece boasted various shades of purple, with each forming the national flower of Martinique. A well-known jeweler labeled the fragments as authentic French bijoux. He also indicated that they were of creole background and clearly from the island in the Lesser Antilles. There was not a traditional signature to this particular piece, so they determined that it was in fact custom made. The expert noted a few classic imperfections, indicating that a certified jeweler had most likely not created the piece. It was an underground work, but the jewels and gold could still rival the best of the pack.
Other than her embroidered yellow cotton baby onesie, the only other piece of clothing was a vintage Bagshaw, Tiki men’s shirt. A neckline tag read The Bagshaws of Saint Lucia. The group initially believed that the shirt should not have directly pointed to St. Lucia. This article could have been a toss up, but due to the continuous reference of France in their research, they determined that it was worthwhile to give the island a try.
Sakkara needed to know for sure who she was and to whom she truly belonged. The multitude of knowledge she had collected over the years sparked a fire deep within. She was confident that her family, her biological family that is, was living in one of those locations listed on the printed airline tickets inside her passport in the oversized brown leather satchel.
Sakkara’s grin was a double-edged sword as she kissed each parent on the cheeks, refusing to say goodbye. They were already too warped for her to introduce something so final as goodbye; instead she said, “I’ll see you later,” and left.
The airport shuttle had already pulled off when her mother purposed to make an irrational attempt to stop her child―her Sakkara that Pearl had nursed from the time she was just days old. The wailing woman bade her to consider her offer. She badly wanted to utilize the services of a private investigator. She was willing to pay someone else, anyone else, to handle the dirty work. Sakkara refused over and over and over again. The child was too tenacious to be convinced otherwise, and so she’d had to wait it out until just before the turn of the millennium for her daughter to complete this exploration. The Rileys worried for her lonesome travel. Sure, the youngster was headstrong and clever, but they didn’t believe that those traits could always protect her, and instead feared that someone would take advantage. Though they voiced these concerns from time to time, she didn’t take heed and assured them otherwise.
Sakkara couldn’t let fear control her life. Too often, she’d looked at herself in the mirror, imagining what features she’d inherited from her mother. She wondered if her tan complexion was a key to anything.
She tried to imagine what her real parents looked like as the plane readied for take off. And wondered if her blue-gray eyes were a combination of theirs. She reached up and caressed the thin bridge of her nose, imaging the same on her mother or father. She traced a middle finger over the outline of her mouth.
Where did they all come from?
Thoughts of abandonment rushed in; emptiness suddenly flooded her mind. By the time the plane reached full altitude, Sakkara was in tears. She’d gone from imagining the greatness of her parents to despising them. For the first time in her life she wondered if they really had let her go. Wondered if they didn’t want to be found.
Who does that to a baby?
Who leaves a baby in a pile of trash?
Who abandons a child in a disgusting alleyway?
Who walks away from a crying infant?
As anxiety filled her insides and escaped through her pores, she took deep gushes of metallic breezes from the vents and willed peace to control her mind. “I need to know the truth,” she stated aloud, and wiped away unruly tears. Facing bright clouds and skies, Sakkara lost herself in the emptiness. A peaceful sleep claimed her mind, and she drew closer to truth.



To be continued…

(I encourage you to leave a review of Jumping Ship, the introduction novella to the Island Hopping Series.)

Notes:

1. Lord Kitchener’s Miss Tourist. The lyrics to this song are the property of the original owners. Any references made are in respect to the above-mentioned fact. I do not now, or in the future, claim ownership to this portion.]
2. Ellie Matt and the GI’s, Love You [The lyrics to this song are the property of the original owners. Any references made are in respect to the above-mentioned fact. I do not now, or in the future, claim ownership to this portion.]
The Island Hopping Series

Jumping Ship
Trinidad & Tobago

Coming Soon:

Grenada
Barbados
St. Lucia
Martinique
Antigua
Guyana

Janice G. Ross’s Bio


Janice was born in Guyana, South America and migrated to the USA in 1980. Although her citizenship certificate now reads the United States of America, she considers herself a citizen of the world. Sure, she has not physically been around the world and back, but she’s travelled in her mind and dreams.
Janice is an author. She enjoys writing about social issues and personal experiences. Janice’s debut release is entitled Damaged Girls. She uses the three books in that series to detail the effects of different forms of abuse, discussing issues which are known to be taboo. Her latest release, Jumping Ship, is a dedication to her country of birth and an introductory novella to the Island Hopping Series. It’s poised to be a colorful and emotional experience of life, love and family.
Janice enjoys reading and is drawn to stories with distinct characters who she can love or hate, characters whom she can form alliances with or characters who she can swear off and despise. She is also weak for a good cultural tale, preferably in the form of historical fiction. Janice loves to be taken off guard by clever language and settings.
Janice is also a devout supporter and promoter of other authors through social media. She hosts a weekly show, Cultural Cocktails, on the largest social radio network, Blog Talk Radio.

You can connect with Janice on:

Website: www.culturalcocktails.com

Talk show: www.blogtalkradio.com/culturalcocktails

Blog: http://jgrwriter.wordpress.com

Twitter: https://twitter.com/JGRWriter

FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/Cultural.Cocktails

Google+: https://plus.google.com/104579627944902429382/posts/p/pub?partnerid=gplp0

LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/pub/janice-ross/58/691/894/

More Books by Janice G Ross


Damaged Girls I
Damaged Girls II
Damaged Girls III
Jumping Ship
Trinidad & Tobago
Loving Nate


Short Story Anthology:

Just Between Us – Inspiring Stories by Women



