Glen Hoggarth
A Fall to Eden

By P. E. Rempel

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 Paul Edward Rempel

This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

§§§§

Table of Contents
Chapter One: Autumn
Chapter Two: Winter
Chapter Three: Spring
Chapter Four: Summer
Chapter Five: Autumn

§§§§

And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat? And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.  (Genesis 3.11-12)

Chapter One: Autumn

Five callers eager to view the basement flat.  The suite was in a quiet residential area, Glen explained, with good transit connections to the university.  Both a bus route and a more roundabout Skytrain line.  All but one call was from a young couple, making it four student couples desperate to find accommodation before classes started and thrilled to find something still available.
He skipped down the rickety backstairs of the house.  He cast a satisfied glance over his own private patch in the world, his very own piece of property, or, at least, it would be his one day when Martha passed on.  The basement door had been left ajar to allow a breeze inside and the pungent odor of paint assailed his nostrils as he entered –– the fresh coat of ivory white rolled onto the walls and ceiling.  Glen placed the tenancy forms on the cleanly wiped kitchen counter.
There was a rap on the door.  A tall young man stood inside the threshold.  He was fresh-shaven and neatly combed; presentable to the world, wearing a pinstripe shirt and rather stylish cream tie.  It was almost as if he'd shown up for a job interview, Glen mused.  The fellow was more or less Glen’s height but more chest and shoulder.  He had a roundish face, pointed nose, and a promontory Slavic-looking brow.
Martha would approve of him.
“Justin Wheeler.”
“You sure got here early,” said Glen.  “You beat the crowd.”
“I know how hard getting an apartment can be at this stage of the game, so close to the start of the term.  I'm lucky to have heard about this place.”
Both leaned forward: the handshake.
Justin praised the neighborhood –– a bit ethnic and low-key, down-to-earth working class.   It turned out he'd been in this area the previous year searching for somewhere to rent, before deciding on a place on Arbutus Street nearer the campus.  That had been a dreary and unpleasant experience.  A dingy, stuffy room with a shared bathroom upstairs.
“The house was full of aging ex-hippies,” said Justin, “and I hated having to beat everyone to the shower every morning.”
Insert an intelligent remark into the conversation, Glen told himself:
“This is a different part of town.”
Fucking twaddle!
“I’ll take it.  I can pay cash.  Have it right here.”
Glen slid the tenancy form across the enamel counter.  Now, honestly, that had been way too easy.  Instant tenant, the very first person to show up.
So pleased with Justin Wheeler, so pleased!
The care Justin took to look him in the eye when they shook hands again!  It was an agreement of mutual respect between equals.  Yes, and for him a resounding victory over his mother’s incessant goading.  Martha’s needling “Just do it right the first time, okay?”; her nagging “I can see your face screwing up from where I’m sitting”; and the nail in the coffin lid: “Just run it by me before you decide on anyone definite, or is that too much to ask.”
Martha often hinted he should try to make something of himself, but then she'd come up with a stinger to jab holes in his morale.  Damn it, was he supposed to have self-confidence or not?
Glen asked, “Can I help you with your move?  We could pile all your stuff into my car.”
“I wouldn’t dream of troubling you.”
“It wouldn’t be any trouble.  It shouldn't take very long and then you’d be all set to start fixing up your flat.”
“It’s only a couple of boxes and I don’t know when I’ll get round to it.  I have to go out to campus to do a few things, as well.”
Justin gladly answered the questions Glen put to him, for he'd written some curious information down on the application form.  How interesting to have lived in Asia for so long, on the teardrop island of Taiwan: it was part of China too, but the government there was democratic unlike the communist mainland.  How fascinating that he could speak and read Mandarin Chinese, with its beautiful but impenetrable script.
“The Chinese might well replace English one day as the international language of the world,” Glen observed.  “Global economics will decide how things go, as far as that's concerned.”
He bounded back up the steps, practically lunging at the phone.
“Done!  He’s very interesting, actually.”
“Wait a moment,” Martha said.  “What's this all about?”
“I got somebody for the basement.”
“Okay, back up!  Describe what happened.”
Glen dutifully related the event, detail by detail.
“Don’t rain on my parade,” he said.  “Come on, I did okay.”
“Well, you certainly got off easy the first time around,” Martha replied.  “But don’t worry, you’ll do.  We’ll keep you.”
“Thanks,” Glen replied.  “So how is the weather out where you are?”
“Nicer than Vancouver, I'll wager.”
“We've got sunny skies this morning.”
“Things are really going your way today.”
Glen had to hang up then.  Two people were climbing out of a van in the back alley.  Through the kitchen window Glen watched them, blond and long-legged and outdoorsy.  They were the biology students who said they'd be arriving from the Interior this morning.  The couple smoothed down their fleeces and jeans, whisked their hair with their fingertips.  The husband rubbed his sleepy eyes with the heels of his hands and smiled at his wife.
But Glen had heeded his mother's advice and taken care over the phone not to give any of the callers a guarantee.  It had to be first come, first serve.  That was just the nature of the business and that was just being prudent and fair.  Martha had warned him that callers often promised to come look at your apartment at such and such a time, then failed to appear.  In the meantime, you might have turned away other prospective tenants.
The anticipation born from knowing he was about to refuse the couple was oddly exhilarating.  Glen hadn’t foreseen that.  He'd always felt queasy about turning people down, even if it wasn’t his fault.  Now he was feeling something that was hard to define.
He envisioned himself gushing sympathy and offering the two students a conciliatory cup of coffee.  A kind gesture after their long drive.
No, forget it.  That would come across as weird; he'd never pull it off naturally.  It would turn out awkward and he'd only make a fool of himself.
Up the walk they came, Glen in dread of them.

****

The Pee Panic at the Party dream had begun to recur.  A golden oldie from Glen's stressful university days served up by a farce-loving subconscious: he was meant to laugh along.  But where was the anxiety stemming from this time?  Glen was well aware that anxiety often accompanied what seemed to be the most innocuous circumstances.  On the surface there might not appear to be any reason for a nervous reaction, such as disturbing dreams; meanwhile, one's nerves were hopping and dancing in sheer panic, as if their trouser legs had burst into flames.
“No, you never told me about it,” Russell said.  “Not that I’d necessarily remember.”
Glen had paused the DVD player halfway through the film: “The dream must have something to do with the new tenant in the basement.”
“You don't say.”
“There’s no real reason for me to feel tense, you know, but then when do I ever need an actual reason, eh?”
“You don't do that though,” Russell grumbled.  “You don’t suddenly stop a movie to shoot the shit about something that can easily wait.  You could've waited until later to tell me.”
Russell got up from the sofa to go to the bathroom.  Hooking his fingers into the belt loops, he heaved his baggy jeans back up to waist level.  “Might as well take advantage of the rude, unnecessary interruption,” he said.  But by the time he returned to the living room, he'd become more resigned.  After all, who had paid for the movie rental, the six-pack of Labatt’s and, earlier, dinner at a nice Mexican restaurant on 4th?
“So let's hear about your dream?”
“I’m at a party in a brightly lit house.  There are big rooms full of people talking and laughing who I think must be celebrities.  You know, the cultural and social elite, like novelists, academics, magazine editors, all drinking fine wine and having witty conversations.”
“Unlike the pilloink and drivel I get here.”
“But I have to take a piss.  I’ve had to take a piss for quite a while, but no matter which door I open there’s no bathroom, just more people talking.  Naturally, I'm dying to talk to these people, and I think this is the main point of the dream, but I'm distracted by my swelling bladder.”
“No need to elaborate.”
“One person is talking to me about, say, a book I really love, but I can’t listen and it’s hard for me to give my opinion because all my attention is focused on the fact I have to piss soooooo bad.  In the end, I’m just avoiding people.  I’m sitting on a sofa away from the crowd, legs crossed, and holding it in.  Or I’m standing off to the side of the room, leaning against the wall and clenching my teeth.”
“Fascinating stuff.”
“Either I wake up or in my dream I rush out of the house and find a place in the garden.”
“Has this ever led to actual bed-wetting?”
“I started getting this dream in university!”
“I mean as an adult to still be wetting yourself.”
“Shit, Russell!  I’m confiding in you here!”
“Wait!  What am I supposed to say?  You have one single tenant downstairs and you're telling me it’s freaking you out?  Remember your mother had something like a dozen rental buildings and she always seemed to manage.  I never saw her get wound up.”
“Never mind.”
“Thanks!  After all that –– I’m just giving you my opinion, that’s all.”
“I’m sorry for interrupting our movie.”
Russell chuckled: “One more thing.  I don’t want to tell you what or what not to do, but not drinking any liquids before bed would just be common sense in your case.”
“Thanks.  A real pal.”
“You’re cut off from drinking anymore so close to bedtime.  Now hand over your beer.”
“Jesus, Russell!”
“If it’s not one thing with you, it’s another.”

****

It was impossible to predict where Russell's head would be when he came over.  Sometimes he'd boost Glen's spirits, sometimes bring him down.  Over the years their relationship had become complicated, a matter of calculation, trade-offs, and the constant negotiation of the terms necessary to get along.  So when the hard part about being Glen Hoggarth was ravaging Glen –– his arch foes depression and anxiety mounting an offensive, his mother becoming a trial –– and he needed to find respite, it was often better to do something other than appeal to his friend.  To instead get off his ass and give the house a thorough cleaning, top to bottom.
At a little after eight in the morning, Glen went at it.  The lasting effects of Martha's put-downs subsided as Glen scoured the toilet bowl and, on his hands and knees, scrubbed the bathroom tiles.  Her uncalled-for severity was all but forgotten by the time he'd begun waxing the wood-strip floor of his den, its shelves crammed with novels and other books, and vacuuming the living room carpet.  Both tasks required lance-like cleaning implements which, on particularly bad days, he used to stab at the floor as if it were the belly of a beast.  But with Justin sleeping downstairs, Glen did his best to keep the noise to a minimum.
Off to do the kitchen next.  Straining his muscles and putting his shoulder into it, dusting and wiping and washing, the cleaning led to Glen's first rose-pink dawn-rays of serenity.  Following that, he removed the scuff marks on the staircase to the upper floor and began tidying up his attic bedroom.  With the broom he'd made a few neat dust piles, before it struck an hard object beneath the bed which skidded against the bedstead.  Glen bent down to retrieve whatever it was –– a long-bladed butcher knife which had made its way up from the kitchen.  Should he leave the knife where it was or take it downstairs with him?  Wouldn't he only bring it back up again?  Glen loaded himself down with the equipment he'd used to do the housework and descended.  Everything went into the small closet opposite the back door.
His was a good old house, Glen concluded.  The most modest building in the fleet of revenue properties his mother had owned before retiring, but the only house he'd ever need.  All that was necessary to make it perfect was a little attention to decor.  Plants and one or two pieces of new furniture.  Maybe a nice painting on a couple of the walls; a few vases tastefully displayed here and there.  Naturally, to be fully realized as a living space, embodying true warmth and comfort, the house was waiting for a woman's touch.  Fat chance of that ever happening!
Noise from the basement, clatter and bang.
His tenant was up.

****

No way would a tenant of his ever have to come upstairs to pay the money he owed.  That reeked too much of something ugly.  Glen knew that when Martha managed the properties she was stern and aloof as a rule, since in her experience the shared human bond between landlord and tenant was precisely the cord tenants tugged to renege on their side of the deal.  Glen didn't want to believe people were so devious and was determined to tear down this barrier of distrust.  On the first of the month, in the middle of a sunny morning, he went down to pay Justin the obligatory visit.  Stepping out the door he took a few deep breaths of the dry autumn air: We’re both in the situation we want to be in.  Justin is paying the rent as freely as I'm prepared to receive it.  There is no need to feel guilty about the transaction.
Walking the cement path skirting the side of the house, Glen overheard a voice coming from the basement.  The name of a well-known protagonist purled out to him from amidst a murmurous recitation.  Stooping low to the basement window –– making sure he wasn't being watched from the street or the neighbor’s window –– he peeked inside Justin’s apartment, and there his tenant stood facing the opposite wall and reading from a book held at arm’s length.  The character mentioned was Raskolnikov, that infamous Russian antihero, who murdered some old lady in cold blood in order to prove a point.  Wasn't that roughly how the story went?
The sight piqued Glen's curiosity, except that peeking through someone’s window was intrusive, not to mention plain wrong, and he dared not squat down again for a second look –– only he did, squatting and standing quickly back up as if picking up something he'd dropped.  Justin was wearing a blue Mao jacket, which gave off a thready sheen under the scant sunlight; a toaster oven glowed orange on the crumb-littered kitchen counter; and a sleeping bag lay strewn out on the floor like a giant jellyfish dead on a beach.
Opening the door, Justin smiled and reached for the envelop set against the inside wall: “It’s all there.  I was just on my way up.”
“Thanks very much.”
“Thank you.”
The door began to close.
“I see you’re reading Dostoevski,” Glen said.  “That for school?”
“For my Lit. requirement.”
“I remember that.  I did mine in Italian Literature.”
“Calvino.  He’s the only Italian writer I know.”
“It seems you may also have a bit of a furniture requirement.”
Justin turned to survey the sparsity of his apartment, grinning at his self-indulgence.  Clearly he was pleased Glen had noticed.
“I spend most of my day at school, so what's the point of furniture?”
“But how do you even study here?”
“On my stomach,” Justin replied brightly, “on the floor.”
“You lie on this dirty old carpet?”
“On my sleeping bag.  Living in spartan conditions one’s not so distracted by things.  It’s good for keeping clear-headed and staying focused on what you’re doing.”
“That sounds like a Zen thing to me.”
“Could be.  Yeah, I like to think living in Asia for a period of time has opened my mind to different ideas about life and existence.”
Justin explained something about Buddhist monastics.  The really dedicated ones spent much of their lives in meditation cells far more minimal than his apartment.  Some of them lived inside remote caves for years on end, meditating, living a basic life, and striving to attain a state of enlightenment.  In their spartan dwellings there wouldn't be anything like tables or chairs.
Justin had gone completely native, which was understandable.  Being married to a Taiwanese woman –– Glen had guessed this from the name on his tenant's letters –– Justin was undoubtedly part of a sprawling family network over there.  One of those many-tentacled, multi-generational Chinese clans that resided under the same roof.  This meant he was bound to have absorbed Chinese views about life and such.
“How did you come to get interested in Buddhism?” Glen asked.
“I spent a year in a monastery working as a translator.”
“Really!  Amazing!  Did you ever consider doing the monk thing permanently?  Putting the world and all its crap behind you?”
Justin smiled at the idea: “My mind has always been set on becoming a university professor one day.  Teaching at university is my ultimate dream job.  It’ll allow me to read Chinese to my herat's content and do my research all day long.”
Glen nearly confessed that he'd once considered doing a PhD too, but in English Literature.  He'd graduated with fairly decent marks, which put him within range of graduate school, and he'd always been an avid reader of novels and short stories.  In the end, it was the teaching part of the job that had dissuaded him.  A professor had to stand up in front of a classroom of students and lecture each and every day.  He did this his entire career.
The thought terrified Glen.

****

“We're lost,” Russell complained.  “You've got us lost.”
“I've been going here for years.”
“I don't remember it being so far from the highway.”
“And you've made the trip, what, like one time?”
The jagged-tipped trees lining the road, the farm fields spread across the hillside, the inky distance: it was night and the view of the Fraser Valley was obscured by swathes of darkness –– autumn darkness making the entire landscape look bleak.  It had been overcast all day long, so even if they'd left the city earlier there wouldn't have been much to see.  A panorama cropped and veiled by scarves of fog and low-lying clouds.
Glen drove further along run down, potholed road, until they reached a chain link fence and galvanized metal gate emerging from the bush.  Russell offered to unfasten the lock; he let the car pass onto the lot, relocked the gate, then hopped back into the passenger's seat.  “This is the part I remember liking –– vrooom!” he said.  The dirt driveway tilted steeply towards a clearing below, and the trees and foliage marching up to the sides of the car –– a floury blur of bare branches in the headlights –– created a bright tunnel effect.  There was the crunch of gravel, a weighted momentum, acceleration.  The car cascaded straight down to the bottom.
The headlights now captured the ranch house at the far end of an enormous yard.  There was a split-rail log fence marking a horse enclosure and the row of stables.  The sombre colours tainting the season's end, the runnels of water crisscrossing the grass were both revealed then denied in a quick sweep, as Glen cranked the car sharply to the right and approached the swimming pool.  The recent rainfall made driving beyond this point unwise.
He parked alongside the pool house on a carefully chosen mound of higher ground.  Two twelve-packs and groceries lay in the trunk.  There wasn't a DVD player out here, so on the card for the night was mainly drinking and conversation, something only possible with a close friend, although Glen did have one other thing planned as well.  He was here on the abandoned ranch, in the middle of nowhere –– as nowhere as it got anywhere between Vancouver and the inland end of the Fraser Valley –– to visit his deceased father, Colin.
Russell said, “I thought I'd never see this place again.  I always thought that producer guy would end up buying it, or it'd get sold to someone else before I got a chance to come back.”
Glen guessed his friend was hoping for some information about the famous TV producer who had once leased the ranch: that would be Russell all over –– him and his secret curiosity!  He loved money gossip, to hear about the lives of the rich, and fortunes made and lost.  At the same time, he wanted people to think he was above all that.  Did this make him a phony?
“You can't see anything at night, but this farm is surrounded by other farms,” Glen said.  “Martha won't sell until the situation changes.”
“When houses start going up.”
“The area first has to lose its status as an agricultural zone, which might take a while according to what she says.  Anyway, enjoy the country air while you can since the place is definitely going to be sold one of these days.”
“My shoes.  Mud.  Fuck.”
“This is farmland, my friend.”
“The ground is fucking swamp.”
“You can take your shoes and socks off inside.”
They carried the liquor and food into the pool house and Glen right away plugged in the electric heater.  A large double bed occupied most of the room they had entered.  Russell dropped the grocery bags full of cheese, cold cuts, bread and chips on the covers, then removed the rolled-up magazines from his coat pocket and tossed them on the bedside table.
“I'm surprised that a big-time producer would actually want to stay in a place like this.  So far from town and shit dig this tacky 1960s decor.”
“It's not too far.  But that's one of the things he liked.”
“You normally associate rich TV producers with a more luxurious urban lifestyle.  I've met a few on different sets I've worked on.  They have huge apartments in Yaletown and mansions in Shaughnessy, posh places like that.”
Russell did like hearing about wealthy people.  He loathed the rich, or claimed to, but couldn't shake his fascination of them.  In that respect he hadn't changed since high school.
“Our boy liked a more outdoorsy kind of getaway,” Glen said.  “He had his horses here and a few cows.  Believe me, he loved coming back to the ranch to unwind.  He always said it was exactly what he was looking for.”
“Guys with money always get whatever-the-fuck they want.  I bet the rent for all this land, plus the house and the pool, was pretty steep.  How many years was he here exactly?”
“He stayed until that actor on the show got sick of the wet weather and wanted the whole production moved to California.”
“I remember that.  Can't say I blame the guy.”
“Most people around here were pretty pissed off.  I imagine losing a hit TV show made a fair-sized dent in the local film industry.”
“Another rich asshole getting whatever the fuck he wants.”

****

After eating Russell began to read.  Glen went to the room next door, a small rec room which for ages had housed both vintage yard machinery and gardening tools, as well as his father's paintings, either stacked flat on the floor and set against the wall.  Glen's memories of his father were vague: the man was mainly recollected, or memorialized, in these oil-on-canvas replica paintings that Glen often liked to browse through when visiting the pool house.  Spending time with Dad was how he thought of it, amidst the dingy canvases and junky art supplies from decades past, mixed in and among gasoline canisters and oil cans, rakes and hoes and mowers.  Odd as it seemed, spending time in this disarray –– and even the gassy stench –– was something Glen truly enjoyed.  He could relax here in musty quietude.
His father must also have valued quiet.  Colin Hoggarth had been a lifelong painter whose studios were isolated backyard sheds, attics, or spare rooms, depending on where Martha moved her family, so he would have appreciated the opportunity for gratifying introspection that solitude provided, just as his now not-so-young son had discovered it for himself over time.  And quite likely Dad was a sensitive, pensive soul too; not one to socialize a lot, speaking his mind hesitantly rather than vociferously, and dutifully maintaining a rapport with Martha despite the ongoing friction.  A malleable man then, someone with a placid disposition.
Glen wanted to take care of his father.  He wanted to look after his dad's posthumous needs –– meaning, of course, there wasn't any hurry –– and bring about, in a manner of speaking, the decent burial he deserved.  For although Dad hadn't been an exceptional man, he hadn't been a bad sort either.  Committed to beauty was what his paintings said about him; dedicated to fine art and prizing humanistic ideals.  Glen always took his old man's side against Martha's coarse philistinism.  Usually she'd just as soon forget her husband altogether, but not the son his father.
In the rec room, Glen dragged a stool to where he could study the paintings better.  The goal for tonight, to be postponed to another night if no decision was reached, was to figure out how to preserve all this art, because leaving the paintings as they were, exposed to the cold and damp, was going to result in permanent damage eventually.  Ideally, it would be best to find vacant walls in dry, dimly lit rooms to hang them up in, but Glen didn't have that much space at home.  They might also be suspended from rafters somewhere, the way bicycles were sometimes stored in garages.  In that case, there was always the shed behind the house.
Glen turned one canvas over: a Caravaggio.  School-boy David fastening a cord around the neck of a fallen Goliath; the youth's sedate expression half-masked in shadow while the giant's beard and slack jaw angled towards a shower of light.  But shouldn't death be darkened and life illuminated?  Glen had no idea, old Caravaggio knew best.
He looked at some of the other paintings.
The same old gang: Botticelli, Raphael, the Renaissance masters.
Angels, saints, apostles; killers, coveters, traitors.
As a teenager, Russell had once asked him why his father never painted anything modern.  Something other than endless Bible reproductions.  Had Mr. Hoggarth been that into religion, God, and all that?  Actually, it was just that this kind of painting sold well, there was a market for it.  But as a youth even Glen liked to imagine his dead father as a laid-back dude puffing on a cigarillo, wearing a French beret, and painting surreal dreamscapes or futuristic abstracts.
Religion had seemed boring to Glen at that age.
And bottomless, and menacing.
“Did you ever actually meet that producer guy?” Russell asked.
Glen was fixing himself a sandwich.
“Only a couple of times.  It was his assistant we dealt with mainly.”
“And he didn't rent this pool house?”
“Seems he wasn't a swimmer.”
“The life of the rich and famous, eh?” Russell said.  “But you're gonna make a bundle when you decide to sell the place.  You'll be able to add a few more million to your bank account.”
“That's Martha's business, not any of mine.  Whenever she decides to sell and whatever she does with the money.”
“Right, it's got nothing at all to do with you.”  Russell shook his head, looked down at his magazine: “Nice and quiet here though.  I can see why you like it.”
“Good.”
Glen trudged out to the car for the sleeping bags.
The mushy ground.  The cold air.

Chapter Two: Winter

Glen hated wondering if he really wanted to call Russell.  And he hated that there was a chance his friend would turn him down.  On the phone Russell maintained a calm reticence: “Let's say I’m open to the idea,” he answered, waiting for Glen to pitch a worthwhile offer.  Was that how friends treated one another?  Russell was forever waving this kind of nonsense under Glen’s nose, and always it was about gaining some petty advantage.
Glen wanted to go up to the university.  What Justin had told him about Buddhism intrigued him and he hoped to find a book on the subject.  He offered to take Russell out for lunch at the graduate student lounge and visit the campus bookstore together, which invariably meant buying his friend two or three books.  Three or four books, even.
“I think I could go for that,” Russell replied.
Sponge, parasite, leech!
An hour later they sat facing each other in the open-air garden of Thea's lounge, on the edge of campus.  Despite the sun’s feisty rays, the alpine air from north of the city hinted at frost.  The chill shocked the pores on Glen’s face; he tweaked his nose and rubbed his arms for warmth, and it was a good thing he'd kept his jacket on.  Still, how nice to be out in the glory of a beautiful day, the tall glass patio doors hurling cheery sunlight upon them.
Russell wore only a long-sleeved shirt and didn’t notice the cold.  He forked at his fries grimly, as he enumerated the changes destroying the film union he was a member of.  Nowadays it was all about who you knew and hung out with; it was no longer about seniority.  So he'd have to start wining and dining the higher-ups –– another expense every month! –– or run the risk of slipping down the totem pole.  As usual the subtext was: I'm not lucky enough to be a rich and spoiled forty-year-old brat.  I’ve got to make my own way in this world.  Life can be hard for some of us.
But Glen got his sweet modicum of revenge.  He made a point of never asking anything about his friend’s trials.  He merely nodded at whatever Russell said but never encouraged any follow up.  Mutual respect was called for here: he'd gladly acknowledge the deprivations of Russell’s mundane toil, once Russell recognized the pressures implicit in his life.
“It must seem to you like I’m talking about the life of insects,” Russell said.  “It has about as much to do with someone of your social standing.”
“It’s a bummer, what you’re going through.”
“I’m thinking about looking for another line of work, but there isn't a whole lot in today's work place for somebody my age.”
“It gets like that.”
“So you’ve heard,” snarled Russell.
Glen scowled back: “You have the wildest ideas about me” –– and they dove headlong into one of their routine spats.
“Your constant denials are what's wild,” Russell said.
“Not denials.  Simply facts about my existence.”
A seething hive of agitation, in no mood simply to butt heads and be done with it, Russell continued: “You’ve never told me what you’re really worth.  But considering what you’ll inherit from Martha, I see you sitting high in the sky one day.  You can't fucking deny that!”
“Maybe I don’t want her money.”
“You will when it lands in your lap!”
“I might want to give it away.  I think I’m doing okay without it –– just wipe that sly grin off your face.  I’d give it to charity.”
“Don't kid yourself.”
“You don’t approve of donating it to charity?  I thought you of all people would, since it’s right in line with your crusade to save the world.”
“Of course, I approve.”
“So I may be no better off than you.  Not in the long run.”
“No better off!  How have you been living for the last twenty years?  When’s the last time you held down a real job –– have you ever had to?  There’s always been your mom’s money.”
“Do you know I feel you're better off than me?  Things are sometimes hard for you, but at least you’re independent and, well, normal.  You make your own money, you’re your own man.  Not being able to find a job that I can handle isn’t something I’m particularly proud of.  And don’t say it's just that I'm pampered.  It’s a kind of problem, a dysfunction.”
They had arrived at the usual impasse.  Glen stacking up pleas of further implications, a deeper disorder and complex underlying issues; his friend asserting what he thought should be a straightforward truth: just admit you’ve been coddled your whole life.  Glen pinched the tip of his nose and gazed at the forested ridge across the bay.  Russell grabbed a newspaper off one of the tables and snorted at a headline.  “You hear about this?” he asked.  “More wonderful news from the front line.  God, it's like a bad joke that people keep telling over and over again.”
The world’s woes wedged in between them.  Glen knew a tirade was forthcoming which would occupy the rest of lunch, and maybe that was a good thing.  Russell read out part of an article bearing only the slightest relation to the rant that followed.  Soldiers nowadays should have uniforms like soccer jerseys, with their names printed across the back in bold lettering and the logo of the corporation they fought, killed, and would probably die for featured prominently on their chests.  That way the media could keep track off their exploits and convert them into points like player statistics in the sports page.  How many kills they got in battle, how many kills they assisted on, how many soldiers died per number of missions they participated in.  Then, an award for the campaign's most valuable soldier, and an award for the soldier who best demonstrated soldier-like conduct: efficient, murderous, patriotic.
Russell’s attention remained fixed on the news.  As he skimmed the newspaper, his loose jowls sagged in mockery of his fierce indignation.  Glen recalled how years ago his friend had once been rawboned and masculinely tanned, with dark sideburns and handsome green eyes.  High school, in fact, had brought out the best in him, in terms of appearance.
But fuck! the crisp, invigorating air: give in to it!  Glen downed a mouthful of beer and felt glad to be out of the house, out on the town, regardless of Russell's mood.  The trees enclosing the garden area swayed elegantly.  Their leaves rustled dryly and spiraled to the ground, creating jumbled mosaics of color on the patio –– and then there was the bay's choppy, brilliant blue water and the verdant mountains beyond.  Those mountains spoke to Glen of days gone by: some great, great, wonderful days!  For those same peaks, timelessly unchanged, surrounding the city like the horns of a king’s crown, had been there since the beginning to witness Russell and him become what they were today.  Two best friends for life.
In the university bookstore they went their separate ways.  Glen strode down the long carpeted ramp to the lower levels where, on the shelves dedicated to Asian Studies, he found only a small selection of titles on the subject of Chinese religion.  Two thin books in all.  Strange, hadn't Justin enrolled in this university because of its reputation for Chinese Studies?  And there were no books whatsoever on Buddhism.  But in the discount bins nearby he dug up a number of books listing Buddhism in their indexes.  One book was a chunky thousand-page anthology of Chinese texts in translation that had sunk to the bottom of the pile.  Two dwarfish figures graced the tome's cover, marching merrily on stubby legs and beating little drums.  There was a fabulous otherworldly quality about them.
Glen looked in the direction of the Political Science section.  Russell's head bobbed along the chest-high shelves as, like a hawkish general reviewing the ranks, he studied the book titles one by one.  Satisfied his friend was agreeably occupied, Glen took a seat on the carpet and opened the anthology.  In the introduction to one text, a sutra written in parable form, he learned that Buddhism first entered China in the fourth century CE, when Indian monks traversed the Himalayas carrying scripture.  The story itself told of a rich man who lived in a magnificent palace with countless chambers and scores of servants.  However, unbeknown to anyone the place had rotted down to its foundations, the columns and arches were riddled with decay, so when a fire erupted one day the blaze passed swiftly from room to room.  The rich man fled to safety, but once outside he noticed his children were too engrossed in their toys to heed the engulfing peril.  He cried out to them, warning them, but they blithely continued playing as if nothing was the matter.  Finally, he was only able to lure his children out of the flames by promising them even more elaborate toys outside.  The youngsters then dashed to the door, pushing and shoving to be the first one out.
How to understand the story?  Was there anything to compare it with?  One element that made the Buddhist parable intriguing was how it disparaged the notion of property.  By contrast, hadn't Christianity through the ages been obsessed with the ownership of buildings and land?  Glen tried to construe what a Buddhist response to the importance of property might be: a Zen master meditating all alone on a mountaintop or pristine lakeside; no immense, self-glorifying cathedral, no awe-inspiring mosque, not even a humble wooden church dotting the vast prairie.  Or did the parable go further still: nothing was real to a Buddhist, so nothing material had any real worth and an opulent palace was, therefore, not just an illusion but possibly a dangerous trap.

****

At month's end, Glen descended the back stairs just after dinner.  Justin handed over the rent money: “Please count it,” he said, “because at this time of night I can get a little bit out of it.”  The fiercely driven scholar in him was burnt out for the day and awaited renewal the next morning.  His eyes were, in fact, glassy and fatigued.  He was drunk with exhaustion.
Glen's plan was to start up a conversation and his tenant didn't need much prompting.  Soon Justin was talking about the Buddhist monastery that had been his home for a year.  He received room and board there, and a paltry stipend, in exchange for translation services.  At first, Justin had imagined a cozy sinecure amidst good-natured monastics; afterward, however, he learned that full-time work there meant precisely that.  The monks and nuns were tireless and he had to work his ass off six days a week.  It was no vacation in restful seclusion.
“Have you ever been overseas?” Justin asked.
“No, I rarely leave town.”
“Really!” Justin said, “You gotta get out into the world.  If I’m not always traveling, I get depressed.”
“Airplanes kind of give me the willies.”
“Yeah?”
“You know.”
“Yeah.”
An involuntary twitch buzzed up Glen’s arm.  He imagined getting whacked in the jaw with a tightly balled fist –– his fist!  He wanted to kick himself!  “The willies,” he'd said!
Piss off back upstairs!
“Better let you go,” Glen said.  “Night.”
He raced up the backstairs stomping hard on each step, needing to lash out at something.  In the bathroom, he bongo-drummed the top of his skull.  He screamed dumbly at the mirror, mouthing over and over: “You fucking idiot!  You dumb fucking idiot!  You fucking moron!”
His anger lasted half an hour, the usual half an hour, then came the gradual ascent from his private netherworld.  Truth was, he knew he'd been terribly nervous from the very outset of the conversation.  Justin made him nervous.  People made him nervous.  He said idiotic things.
Glen needed the physical release of movement.  He went outside despite the cold and pitched himself down the sidewalk.  The steel claws of anxiety raked his insides and his stomach churned up some of the coffee he'd had at dinner.  A little ways down the block, he spewed brown gobs of half-digested food into a neighborhood hedge.  Wisps of steam rose from the leaves.  Thank God nobody had seen him puke –– had anybody seen him?  Wasn't there always some old snoop peeking out through the curtains at people on the street?
Past psychosomatic agony.  Glen remembered there had been plenty of other times, like when he was a student at university.  The sphincter cramps that persisted throughout first-year; excalibur thrusts sheathing and unsheathing in a rapid succession.  They were painful enough to make him wince and twist in his chair.  Make his eyes water.
All merely par the course for him –– and him alone, it seemed.
Some things never changed.
For the cursed.

****

The moon overhead shone with a pale opalescence.  Without a coat on, the chill in the air sunk into Glen's bones like a contagion.  He was squatting on the pool deck and staring calmly at the sodden leaves and broken twigs that littered the bottom of the pool.  Over the years nature had used the kidney-shaped pool as a dumpsite for its wind-strewn detritus.  Then –– due to some unusual turn in his mood? –– Glen spooked and his attention fired off in every direction: the log fence and the horse enclosure; towards the pasture located around the edge of the woods; the gap in the trees that marked the start of a riding trail.  Someone might be lurking there right now, someone might step out any moment, although not anyone flesh and blood.  It wasn't anybody or anything that could really be there.  He knew that.
Fear was annoying sometimes: it could wreck all your plans.  Forcing himself to be brave probably wasn't worth it, so Glen considered driving back to Vancouver.  But then he decided to strike a compromise with himself instead: He'd stay where he was but locked up inside the pool house, curtains tightly drawn.  He'd go to bed with one of the sharp gardening tools.  The little coward within him negotiating with the big coward, was what it was.
Inside, Glen uncorked the wine and entered the rec room.  His father was there waiting for him, as always harboring no unfair expectations and welcoming his son regardless of the state he was in.  Good mood or bad, hapless loser and dignified sufferer alike.  Soon, the dangling light bulb switched on, Glen was unsheathing his father's old paintings from their protective covers and keenly searching for messages hidden in their complex imagery –– the words Colin had been robbed of the chance to say to him in person.
A man's life's work shed light on the man.  If that was true, then Colin Hoggarth had possessed the patience of a scholar and been a slave to exactitude.  Long ago, Glen had read up on the replica painting business.  A painting often required up to six weeks to complete.  Typically the paintings were smaller in scale than the work they were based on, but the artist had to nevertheless capture the aesthetic essence found in the original and create an identical aura.  Often the work involved cunning, such as intentionally cracking the surface of the painting to enhance its look of authenticity.  His father had worked from a hand-held photograph, as incredible as that seemed.  He'd hold the picture of the original in one hand, the brush in the other and, peering at one then the other, go at it –– the palette was set on a table or chair close to the easel.
Why had Martha kept her husband's unsold paintings?  Not out of nostalgia or love.  Likely she never thought she could earn enough to warrant taking time away from other pursuits.  It would mean contacting special galleries, placing ads in the right magazines, and emailing art lovers, which was far too great a hassle.  So Martha stuck them in the pool house for her son to curate over, together with the unused canvases, the countless tubes of paint, and the assortment of brushes, big and small, that were now hard as chisels and windshield scrapers.
The night-time's fears were losing their grip on Glen, and he felt normal again –– granted only what was normal for him.  This place, the pool house, had certain powers that helped him cope better with himself.  Here he accepted his fragility because of the company he was in: his father who seemed so frail in death and whose life also lacked signs of a strong, vital pulse.  Glen saw him as someone who had lived remote from human contact, spending his days in the quiet margins of his home and painting subjects that either took place eons ago, or never happened at all.
He set one painting aside, turned to the next.  His father had been prolific and Glen never viewed the whole collection all in one shot.
Soon after, he headed off to bed.

Chapter Three: Spring

“Some friends are coming over.”
“You have friends?  Coming over from where?” Martha asked.
“The moon,” Glen replied, “that would be the most likely place, right?”
“It figures.  I'm at fault for not knowing you now have friends, when you never tell me anything about what's going on in your life.”
“They're more Russell’s friends.  Tonight there is a meeting of Russell's political discussion group.  Sometimes they meet here.”
“Don’t let them walk out with anything.”
“Jesus, Mom!”
“You're just an easy target.  People can tell.”
Ever since Martha's move out east, she'd been slowly losing it.  Likely it had to do with the deterioration of an inactive mind.  She was out of the real estate game and hadn't found anything else to do with her time.  But nobody stayed sharp forever.  And the day she grew infirm and wanted to keep him close by?  A swanky old folk's home came to mind.  The old Japanese women who left their village in the middle of the night to die in the mountains came to mind.  Wasn't it his mother who always scorned the needy?
Glen was looking for his car keys and chatting with Martha at the same time.  Russell stood on the front porch making huge loops with his arms, like a matador provoking a bull:
“Come on, hustle!”
The two of them had to rush to the liquor store.
“Anyhow,” Martha said, “with friend's like your Russell who needs to worry about thieves?  It's okay to have another mouth to feed, but people usually wait until they have children for that.”
“Children aren't likely at this point,” Glen replied in a lower voice.  “Can I hang on to Russell to remind me what I'm missing?”
“You stinker!” Martha chuckled.  “That man has been a freeloader since the day I first met him.  You wonder what kind of upbringing he got.”
Glen said good-bye to his mother and turned to Russell: “Should we tape a note on the door for them?  In case we're a little late and they have to wait on the porch?”
“The thing is we don’t want to be late.”
At the liquor store on Booth Street, Glen stopped the car along the curb: “Do you want to go in yourself and get it?  I'll give you my card, do you remember the number?”
Russell shook his head.
“Why not quickly go in yourself?” Glen repeated.  “That way I don't have to waste time finding a place to park.  Aren't we in a hurry?”
“Let’s just go in together.  That's simpler.”
Russell could spend his friend's money only if it never soiled his hands.  But wasn't it a different matter today?  It wasn't just the two of them getting sloshed on a Friday night.
Back at the house Russell sat in the armchair watching television.  He raked his hair back in glum agitation and rubbed the mound of his belly.  Everyone was bound to arrive at least twenty or thirty minutes late.  They had busy lives, wives or girlfriends, things to attend to before they came over.  Russell knew that but had a hard time being understanding.  He always took it personal.
He glowered at the commotion on the TV screen: news from the Middle East.  Men in dark slacks and dressy long-sleeved shirts were inspecting a burning car, the dense smoke hurdling upward; another car bomb had gone off in some flat, dusty town.  A few of the men, their automatic rifles slapping against their hips, stood around waving their arms and shouting.
“Over there,” Russell said, “Kalashnikovs are a kind of male fashion accessory.  They kind of dangle off the shoulder like gold chains.”
Mike arrived first; Russell checked his thorny irritation.
“Glad you could make it.  You come from work?”
“Just as soon as I could.  Sorry if I'm late.”
“The others are even later.  Grab a beer.”
Robert arrived soon afterward.
“Just lighten up!” he snapped, sensing Russell's mood.
Glen waited with the others for Dominic, the group's remaining member.  Sometimes his wife, a caramel-skinned woman of Southeast Asian descent also tagged along, much to the approval of everyone but Russell, who considered her a distraction and bad example.  He criticized the fact that she participated only when she wasn't seeing enough of her husband at home.
Dominic peeked in the front door.  “Sorry, Prescilla couldn’t make it today.  I tried to persuade her, but it seems she minded the way you guys drooled at her last time.”
“And we thought we were being discreet,” laughed Mike.  “Was it the bibs we had on?”
“Thanks for dropping by to let us know.  Next time just call,” Robert said.  “There is no reason to bother showing up alone, you know.”
“Can I still come in Glen?”
“Go home.  You're not wanted here.”
“Get in here!” Russell said.  “Okay, Glen, are you in or out?”
“The kitchen beckons.”
“Get lost then.”
Glen enjoyed the gatherings from the room next door.  There he could dip into a novel and eavesdrop simultaneously.  He could listen in and mull over the topic under discussion with no pressure to come up with an opinion of his own, for while the others spoke out freely about the world's problems, he felt inhibited by a lack of real understanding.  He rarely read the right newspapers and magazines to be properly informed and, according to Russell, read all the wrong books.  What then could he possibly contribute?
On this occasion, the group focused on the current state of the country.  Russell predicted Canada would soon be bought up like a piece of real estate, then finally occupied outright.  He stressed there was no way this couldn't happen: the population in the United States was escalating at an alarming rate –– four hundred and fifty million by the year 2045! –– which meant it had to push north to open up living space and exploit the much needed natural resources.  And this was to say nothing about the climate change, which scientists predicted would create vast tracks of uninhabitable dust bowl south of the border.
The invasion would unfold according to the usual script.  First the U.S. had to pull some threat to national security out of a hat.  Washington needed only to make some disconcerting claim, such as Canada had become a safe haven for terrorists, and the media would be free to hatch any number of paranoid scenarios.  The American people would take these to heart and begin to fear that a real danger was lurking close to their sacred soil: Canada, that onetime friend.  Canada had never done enough to stop the deluge of narcotics from flooding over its borders and poisoning American society.  How could they be relied on to stanch the flow of terrorism?
“This has got to be one of your favorites,” said Dominic.  “But can we just skip it this time, please?  Let's not get caught up in the Great American Invasion of Canada again.”
Russell sat on the edge of the armchair, shouting to make his point.  The group knew they would have to be patient now and let him talk himself out.  To interrupt him in the middle of one of his tirades was pointless, even detrimental: it fueled even more hostility.  In the meantime, they all sipped on their beers and munched on chips from the bowls their host had carefully placed around the room.  Glen was just thoughtful that way.
Winding down some, Russell said, “You guys really ought to do a little reading before coming to these discussions.  We have to be informed, much more informed than the average person, if we're going to be effective.”
“What to you mean?” Mike replied.  “I read every bit as much as you.”
“It’s not reading that's missing,” Robert said.  “We never do anything for fuck's sakes.  What about actually doing something for a change.  I thought that's what these damned meetings were suppose to lead to.”
Russell began talking about the history of American foreign policy, Mike cut in with more of his book citations, and soon Robert had things he wanted to address.  The thread of the discussion frayed and veered off in irrelevant tangents.  Sensing this, Russell then tried to reel the group back to a single theme; but it was a bit like trying to reverse an explosion, fitting all the scattered shards and fragments back together into one piece.
Robert stepped into the kitchen on his way to the bathroom.
“How're things going?” Glen asked.
Robert shook his head: “Russ can be a hard on, can't he?”
“You’ve been saying that for I don't know how long.”
“I guess.”
“Somebody’s got to be super intense about it.  I think if he wasn’t like that, you all would’ve stopped coming a long time ago.”
Then Russell shuffled into the kitchen, tugging up on his jeans.  Glen pointed to the fridge and made a drinking gesture.  He got up and fetched a bag of chips from the cupboard.
“It’s going down the fucking drain,” Russell said as he uncapped the beer bottles.  “There’s no focus.  Everybody is all over the place.”
“Don’t say that.”
“There’s never any real headway.”
Glen was afraid of sounding fatalistic to his friend: there was never going to be any headway.  Never any real progress.  You could join a cause, try to help others, but it'd always amount to a kind of solace and nothing more, because the numbers couldn't be altered.  Throughout history and civilization, the numbers had never changed and one had to crush any hope that they ever would.  The people who were moral and cared about others were simply born that way, just like those –– the overwhelming majority –– who didn't give a shit and screwed whoever they felt they had to in order to get ahead.
Russell leaned over the counter; rested his head against the cupboard:
“This is all a fucking joke.”

****

“You should meet my tenant downstairs sometime,” Glen said.  “He’s quite an interesting fellow.”
“Compared to you that is,” Russell replied.
“This guy has lived in China and speaks perfect Mandarin.”
“Remember how he hates you though.  Just bear that in mind.”
“Say what?”
“It’s practically established scientific fact.”
“Scientific fact?”  Glen had to laugh at that.
“Tenants are antithetical to landlords, like the –– It’s the dog versus cat dynamic, only on the human social plane, which involves a natural hatred and distrust.  In fact, when dogs and cats watch cartoons they're about landlords trying to catch their tenants, but never quite managing to.  In the end, the tenant always wins.”
“Let's see if I get it.  The cartoon dog owns a house, a dog house, which makes it the landlord who wants to catch and eat the cat symbolizing the tenant.  But, in the first place, a cat wouldn't want to live in a dog house, plus there isn't a tenant anymore if it's been eaten.  Where is business going to come from then?  Even dogs aren't that stupid.”
“You know that bird and cat cartoon?  You know the one?  Well, you see, the bird cage represents the landlord’s rental property.  It makes a safe home for that chickenshit bird, but in a way it's also a cage.”
“You're making this up as you go along and it's not making any sense.”
“I'm making too much sense.  There is a difference.”
“Where does the cat fit in?”
“We're talking about the bird for now.”
“Hmmm, so now I'm trapped in a bird cage.”
“And you're a chickenshit.”
Glen laughed.  “In reality I'm a chickenshit little bird who doesn't own a thing.  Because it's Martha who owns everything.”
“When are you gonna stop spouting that line?”
“It happens to be the truth.”
“Believe me, you’re the landlord to him –– okay, man? –– your fascinating new tenant.  That or something lower, the landlord's kiss-ass lackey.  I'd say chances are he loathes you.”
“Just put the DVD in.”
“So what’s he like, this wonderful, talented tenant of yours?”
“He’s lived in China for something like seven years and speaks fluent Mandarin.  He’s like this perfect guy who’s lived a perfect life.  He’s had all these interesting experiences.”
“While you pretty much, well, just fart around your apartment.”
“You're full of it today.”
“Where did you leave the DVD?”
“On top of the thingy.  The DVD player.”
Russell looked around the room, losing patience.
“Try the kitchen table.”
“Hey –– ummmm, Glen.”
Glen leaned to one side of the sofa, looked through the kitchen door.  His friend was staring out over the backyard.
“What?”
“You’ve got someone wandering around –– fuck, just come look!”
A stranger was at the door of the shed out back.  His face wasn't visible: peering inside, he held it close against the window.
“Fucker,” murmured Glen.
The man gave the door knob a twist.  He was wearing old sweat pants, with a bum belt hanging around his waist.  Beneath the drab attire there was a lean and muscular physique.
“Sorry about that, fucker, but I did actually think of locking the door.”
“Some junky,” Russell said.  “Strange, this isn't junky territory.”
“The guy is so open about it.  Right in broad daylight.”
Glen gave Russell a sideways glance: “I guess I have to.”
“Yeah, you got to.”
He went out onto the landing.
“Can I help you?”
The man quickly sized Glen up, then glanced at Russell in the window.  His eyes were disturbingly unfazed as he strolled up the cement path.  He even smiled, coldly.
Glen gripped the railing: Oh shit, oh shit –– here we go!  He imagined a sudden scrap between two grown men.  Him getting wrestled onto the lawn.
There was a rap on the basement door.
“Hey,” said Justin.  “Hey, come on in.”

Chapter Four: Summer

It was early June and school's end.  Justin announced he was heading back to Taiwan for the summer.  “I could do summer school here and finish my degree early,” he said, “but the wife is pining for me and I miss her way too much.”  Despite knowing that this day would come sooner or later, Glen felt cheated and crestfallen.  It would be hard to replace such an ideal tenant.
A week later, Justin came to the front door with a bit of news and an idea.  He knew a classmate who wanted to rent the basement during the summer.  The plan was that his classmate, someone by the name of Bill Decker, would take the apartment from May to August, then he'd return from Taiwan at the start of September to reclaim it for the next academic year.
“I'm really happy here,” Justin said.  “There are good transit connections to the university for one thing and the area's nice.”
Glen agreed: “The number twenty-three bus.  I took it to university myself when I went there.  And now there’s the Skytrain too, of course.”
“You went to UBC?”
“Quit some time ago.”
“What did you study?”
“English Lit.”
“Really?  I wish I’d known.  Did you do graduate work?”
But you did know, Glen thought, I remember mentioning it to you –– it's just that you didn't give two shits.  “No, just the lowly BA,” he said.  “I didn’t see much reason to go to graduate school, since I wasn’t interested in teaching and that's really all you can do with an English Literature doctorate.”
“What did you end up doing with your degree then?”
“I became a teacher.”
Both of them shook their heads and laughed.  Fireworks blasted in Glen’s smile: he could be amusing to someone like Justin!
“I’m sure you needed the money,” Justin said.  “Same old story.”

****

A red pickup truck parked in front of the house.  Justin's classmate was right on time for the appointment, and Glen stood outside his door ready to show the apartment.  But when the summer tenant climbed out of the cab everything changed at once.
Glen groaned: Of all the rotten fucking luck!
The countless molecules, particles, and atoms that mortared Glen's being poofed into a swirl of dust.  Blood drained from his face and he gripped the side of the porch for balance: the same unwashed sweat pants and bum pack, the same glinty gray flecks of hair.  This Bill Decker fellow was the same motherfucker he and Russell had caught trying to break into the backyard shed!  He was an actual university student?  He was a student in the same department as Justin?  Glen wondered, What kind of misery am I in for now?
“Good morning, you're Justin’s classmate?” he called out.
“That'd be me,” Bill smiled.
They shook hands like the best of pals, but Bill’s chummy manner failed to still Glen’s jangled nerves.  He felt an urgent need for more information about this newest threat: who was Bill and what did he do?  He dressed like white trash but was he?  Out of consideration for Justin, Glen had foolishly waived the rental procedure, which involved filling in the tenancy agreement and checking references.  What a huge mistake; the regret made him sick to his stomach.
“I work at Red Cedar Equipment,” said Bill.
“One of those outdoor sports places on Broadway.”
“Over on Broadway and Main.”
“Is that right?  Is it a good place to work?”
Bill was classified as a mature student.  He was in the same program as Justin, majoring in the modern Chinese language.  That Bill Decker had made it as far as university had to count for something.  Surely it was a good sign.  A very promising omen.
“You’ve already got the keys?” he asked.
“Justin gave’em.  That alright?”
“Okay, well, you won’t be moving much in, or will you, since you're only staying for the summer?  I can be around to help you move your stuff in, but Justin said you wouldn’t be moving any furniture in” –– God, could he sound any more shaken up?  Glen imagined dropping a huge sedative into a glass of water and swallowing it.  There now that was better.
“My stuff’s in storage over the summer,” Bill said, “but thanks anyway.”
It was a relief to be wrong about Bill Decker, who seemed quite congenial, as well as candid about his affairs.  Glen scolded himself: you can’t judge a book by its cover.  Besides, Justin had vouched for his classmate and Glen had faith in Justin’s judgment of character: he was somebody who had really been out in the world and experienced life fully, which should make him an authority on human nature.  Nonetheless, those first impressions of Bill were going to be tough to forget: Bill cranking on the door knob of the shed; the unflinching gaze of someone who had done time –– for there could be no doubt Bill had certainly done time.
Two weeks passed without incident.  Bill was quiet when home and pleasant whenever they bumped into each other.  This confirmed to Glen that his initial wariness had been based on something utterly deplorable.  He hadn't known the first thing about his tenant Bill, yet conjured up an unfavorable impression simply because the guy was visibly low-income –– for Christ's sake give the man a break!  Bill was middle-aged and working his ass off to get a decent education.  That was nothing short of commendable.
The discovery of this inner prejudice disturbed Glen.  Had he inherited the distrust of his fellow man that streaked Martha's character?  Was he mean and suspicious just like her?
Could he really be that awful?

****

People once paid good money to hang one of his father's paintings on their walls.  Now Glen was getting one for free, and with it came the privilege of being able to choose from among dozens of works.  Even before arriving at the pool house, Glen had pared his choice down to a few favorites, which he set against the wall to consider further: which would look best on the large bare space above the sofa at home?  A painting would show best under sunlight –– which they hadn't seen for years –– and the living room got more than any room in the house.
The final choice was “The Rebuke of Adam and Eve.”  For one thing it wasn't a Madonna and baby Jesus, or anything else equally commonplace.  But Glen didn't pick the painting because of its theme, nor because of the artist.  He just liked how it dealt with the scene unfolding between a furious God Almighty and his son; the one suspended in midair, wagging a finger and roaring disapproval, the other beseeching his creator and gesturing towards Eve, palms upturned.  You could just hear Adam objecting: It wasn't my fault!  She made me do it!
Adam was the real star of the work, outdoing even the spectacle of God and his clutch of cherubs sweeping into the foreground aboard flowing red drapery.  Adam's body language was eye-catching and dynamic; his tall physique curved gracefully as he made a case for innocence, while his face revealed both glib and craven nuances.  Meanwhile, Eve languished in the bottom corner, arms plump as a grandmother's, rosy knees pressed modestly shut, and exhibiting an involvement that was, in relation to all the drama going on, strangely unfazed.
Glen adored the painting's nudity.  Under the Italian master's brush, the naked body was something voluptuous, as if meant to be celebrated in bold, pleasure-giving coitus.  This was the usual Renaissance style embodying an unabashed sexuality that, honestly, Glen longed to claim for himself.  He knew that being Protestant, if only culturally, the pallid and gaunt nudity depicted by Northern European painters, and the incumbent sexual uptightness, came closer to reflecting his own sensibility towards the body and physical love: There was a distasteful quality about the whole business that oughtn't be enjoyed.  The human body was an unsettling thing.
But both of them, Adam and Eve, needed a little sun on their limbs.  Their pallor suggested an Eden located in the Pacific Northwest somewhere, a paradise of drizzle and overcast skies.  Glen smiled at the idea, as he packed up the paintings and returned them to the stack.  Of course, the Garden of Eden could be situated anywhere one's mind put it.

****

Bill Decker played the classical guitar and practiced regularly in the afternoon.  Glen enjoyed being serenaded and was eager to find out how Bill had acquired such a passion for self-cultivation.  On the last day of the month, Glen didn't at first go down to fetch the rent; he preferred giving Bill the chance to pay unbidden.  That didn't happen, however, and grim premonition pounced forth from where it'd been skulking all along: you could always tell the type!  He realized he'd been waiting for this to happen and fearing it.  Now he had to assume the role of ass-hole and kick the whole landlord-versus-tenant power play into motion.  Anxiety tugged at his intestines, like tiny hands squeezing a soft udder.
This was going to be brutal.  Bill wasn't your lawful-looking Justin Wheeler type.  He had an aggressive edge that set your nerves on end.  For a good twenty minutes Glen fretted over how to phrase his demand for the rent money:
So how about the rent?
Give me my goddamned money, please!
Okay, let's not have any trouble motherfucker, please!
It would have been wiser to ask Bill for the month's rent up front, on the day of his arrival.  That was how it was supposed to be done.  So why hadn't he done it?
At roughly eight the next evening –– taking care not to pester his tenant at dinner and calculating that coming later on in the day would seem more nonchalant –– Glen plucked up the courage to pay Bill Decker a visit.  He tapped lightly on the door with a forefinger, picking up the drone of the television inside the apartment.
The TV went silent with the turn of the dial.
Glen took a deep breath; knocked harder to assert authority.
A police knock.
But nobody answered and nobody was going to answer.  Bill was pretty brash about it too: not ten minutes after Glen had gone back upstairs, the television came back on again.
So it was all true.
Glen popped down the following evening: again no tenant.  On the third of the month, he knocked a bit earlier in the day and detected a shuffling sound in the room to the left of the door.  Not brave enough to try knocking again, Glen skipped back up the stairs, actually relieved to have once again escaped a potentially unpleasant confrontation.  Only later did it occur to him that Bill might have been watching through the blinds as he fled: a rabbit trying to collect money from a wolf.  God, how embarrassing.
On the fourth, the basement was sepulchral all day.  Glen listened for signs of routine apartment life, well aware he'd been forced into the old game of hound-the-tenant.  And the tension, as predicted, took its toll on his fragile state of mind.  He began fixating on the floor beneath his feet as if it were about to tremor or suddenly collapse.  In his thoughts the floor sometimes grew skillet-hot and he tucked his feet up as he sat on the sofa, the Big Book of Anxiety opened in his lap.  Reading this tome made the circumstances he was living under crystal clear: it was high time, the umpteenth high time, to stop fearing what he had no control over.
Moving his bedding down to the living room for the night, Glen lay with an ear pressed to the carpet.  He could hear air molecules whispering conspiracy among themselves, but not a fart from his tenant.  Then on the eighth of the month, at twoish in the afternoon, there was a soft thud in the basement.  The house would normally have smothered it had Glen not been paying such close attention.  A leg had bumped into a table, or a box had been set on the floor, or a book had fallen off a shelf: that motherfucking Bill Decker was home!  Oh shit!  Glen moved fast, bounding down the backstairs so that they groaned beneath his weight.  But the fear and apprehension leaping down after him quickly caught up: he froze in panic when the lock snapped and the door opened.
“I hate –– sorry, to bother you.  How’re you doing?”
“Not so well,” said Bill, without a smile.
“Everything going alright?”
“Not really, I lost my job.  I’ll be late with the money this month.”
“I see.”
“I’ve already got another job at Lurie's Books.  You know that place over on Broadway?”
“Oh, yeah?  Great.  An interesting place to work.”
Stern displeasure was warranted.  Well, displeasure of some sort: Bill had purposely evaded him.  Strangely, though, the hard pit of acrimony in Glen's gut vanished; his bitter feelings and resentment rocketed into outer space and their abrupt absence left him feeling dizzy.  The benign voice he heard in his head reminded him to have faith.  Bill was working again, so the money would be coming in.  Glen reminded himself that Bill was a fellow human being who shouldn't be regarded as some kind of bad guy simply because he'd fallen on hard luck.  Don't be the intolerant hard-ass everyone expects a landlord to be, Glen told himself.  Be what you originally set out to be and stand by Justin’s friend, the friend of a friend.  Be that kind of person.
“When can you come up with the rent?”
“I gotta fucking eat.”
Bill was punchy; Glen winced.
“Give me a week to pay up last month’s rent, then I’ll work something out with a friend of mine for next month.  I’ve already talked to him and should be able to borrow something.”
“Fine,” said Glen.  “I appreciate that.”
Conversation was salve for Glen’s chafed nerves and his tenant obliged.  Glen heard about Bill’s odysseys, brawls, and close calls.  There were the hippy communes in California, the hitchhiking treks spanning the continent, and, naturally, the drugs: Bill was a regular Charles Bukowski type and a wonderful storyteller.  At present he was studying classical guitar on his own and learning Chinese at university.  Without a doubt, he was trying to make up for the youth he'd squandered and the chances that had slipped him by.
The day came to call on Bill again.
“How’s summer school going?” Glen asked.
“Chinese is fucking deadly, especially without Justin around to give me a hand.  Why’d he have to bugger off to Taiwan, eh?”
“He’s got a wife out there.”
“She doesn’t need any help learning Chinese,” Bill joked, “I do.”
They stood facing each other, Glen taller but slighter by far.
“I haven’t got anything for you,” Bill said.
It took a second to catch on: “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“I’m working my way through university, so I can’t work full-time.  It’s a tricky situation because if I fuck up this summer, it could ruin my chances of graduating at the end of next year.  I don’t want to do another year of summer school.  You know how it is, right?”
Where the hell does that leave me? Glen wanted to know.  Yet he couldn't honestly say that he knew how it was.  No, he didn't know how it was to be without money and could only try to empathize.  Wealth in the Hoggarth family meant he'd attended university without worrying about finances.  Good fortune had been his at birth.  He'd gotten plenty of breaks.
Bill deserved one too.
Martha called.
“Since you haven’t phoned, I’m assuming everything is sailing along smoothly.”
“I’ve got everything under control.”
“Mind telling me what everything might be?  Maybe I can help.”
“No, really, there’s nothing this time.  Thanks for asking.”
“Just don’t wait until it gets to be too much.”
“Right, Mom, right.  There's nothing.”
“Nothing has a way of turning into something.”
“Just give me a chance!  Things are okay.”
“Boy, bad as that.”
Martha’s nettled good humor was one thing; it merely irked.  But a searing Marthian rebuke was quite another: he absolutely could not wind up a liar, or worse a lying fool.  The measures he took from here on had to be equal to the problems at hand.  Anything less would be disastrous.
His mother always called when things were going badly.  She had the uncanny ability to gauge his stress level from where she was then call to pester him.
The woman lived inside his head like a tumor.

****

The walls ceased sighing.  The hiss of ocean surf receded.  Glen groped at the wall for the light switch –– he could concentrate better in darkness, without the room's plain existence to distract him –– and returned to bed.  But panic muddled his thinking.
Pajamas lay in a heap at his feet;
He was naked in an unknown room;
Fear seemed the most reasonable response.
His pajamas were too damp to put back on.  He brought the dripping pile to the bathroom tub and began wringing them out.  Bending over his labor, watching the dirty puddle gather in the drain, the same questions circled round and round in his head.  The questions.
He slipped, the tiles underfoot split apart.  Running a hand over the cracks Glen discovered he could dig his finger into the wet sand packed underneath: Jesus!  A house of sand, he thought, the whole room could cave in!  He rushed out of the bathroom as if it were about to collapse.
The kitchen was one door down.
Its shutters had been rolled up.
A small enclosed courtyard lay outside.  Birds skittered about the trees whose branches twitched with their tiny-bodied life.  In the backdrop there were enormous cathedral domes plated with sheets of copper.  The windowed turrets crowning them resembled small lanterns.
Footprints marred the sprinkle of sand on the floor: big ones, small ones.  The table had been wiped off with a folded newspaper.  An empty carafe stood at its center.  The fridge, no colder inside than room temperature, was barren and the cupboards empty but for several tinfoil baking trays, two bowls and two sets of smokey steel cutlery.  Glen stooped to a dunce’s reasoning: there were two people living here who had to eat.
The man in the black hat; the girl.

****

Glen sat at the kitchen table.  He was waiting for the first sounds of movement in the basement, so he could go down.  It was early morning, but his frayed nerves wouldn't allow him to postpone the visit: he had to go down first thing and not return without the rent money in hand.  Then at nine fifteen he heard the heavy clump of a footstep –– his fucking tenant was up!  Glen besought his Maker: Please make Bill come through for me today.  Make the impossible happen.  Fuck, please God, just one month’s rent would be pretty amazing!
He went down the backstairs a condemned man.  But after standing at the door, knocking on and off for a few minutes, his mind jolted awake: the house emanated an abandoned hollowness, and it was telling him something.  He dashed around to the side, the front, and the far side of the house, crouching low to glance inside each window as he passed.  The guitar was leaning against the wall beside the television, its caramel soundboard gleaming.  A stack of dishes had been placed next to the sink.  In the bedroom, a pair of jeans lay strewn over rumpled bed covers.  All of the curtains were wide open, making only the bathroom hidden from scrutiny.  Could Bill actually be waiting it out in there?  Glen envisaged him stretching out in the bathtub with a smug grin on his chiseled ex-con's face.  Flipping through a magazine to bide his time.
No distant figure of a man in flight down the street.
No pickup truck peeling away from the curb.
Bill was long gone.
Fucking Hell!
Back upstairs Glen picked up the phone.  The conversation started off garbled: he was unable to provide a coherent account of events.
“You wouldn’t tell me what was going on,” Martha said, “even though I invited you to do so several times.  Now deal with it yourself.”
“Okay, how?”
“It was your decision to keep this mess to yourself.  Well, now you know it's not smart to keep secrets.  Haven't I always just been trying to help?”
Glen endured his mother’s patented soft-toned upbraiding, the strained calm which suggested she wasn't going to blow her stack.  Not this time, anyway.  When Martha paused for effect, her soft breath on the other end of the line was like a blue flame licking his innards.  She'd known all along he was going to have to make this call.
“I quit because I was in the business long enough,” she said.
“I know.”
“And I’m too old to be chasing tenants.  Or, for that matter, putting right the trouble you create for yourself.”
“Yes, I know.”
“Every job has its downside, no job is easy.  And it’s only the one basement apartment you’re supposed to be managing.  Right under your nose!”
“Yes.  Yes.”
“You said you could control the situation.”
“Yes, I know.”
“So do it!”
“Okay then” –– he'd hate Martha for the rest of her fucking life!
“You’ve needed something like this.  Now grow up.”
Glen set the receiver down, punched another phone number.  He wanted to be as far away as possible from that perfidious basement; he holed up in the attic and curled up on the bed, where only the roof and shingles, perhaps a smattering of sparse clouds, separated him from his odious Unmaker.  Why be passive about it and wait for the Bastard to send down an invitation?  Why wait around for more of the same dreary deal?  He could easily unmake himself right now and save himself decades of the tedious sick psychology.  His thoughts turned to suicide.
A light-knuckled rap summoned him downstairs.
Russell stood on the porch:
“Shit, this isn’t good.  Look at you.”
“Turn away, please, if it sickens you.”
A few sympathetic words were all Glen expected.  His friend’s function at this time was to provide distraction, to get him out of his head.  They might rent a few movies, drink some beer.
“When does Justin get back?” Russell asked from the armchair.  “Kick him out of the apartment and cut your losses.  Know better next time.”
But eviction involved arbitration rarely favoring the landlord.  And even if the landlord won the case, that didn't mean he could enter the apartment and start chucking out the tenant's belongings.  A bonded sheriff had to be hired to handle the tenant's possessions and the fee for this service was prohibitive.  Martha would flip out over the expense.
“Do you think Justin knew Bill was going to pull this kind of stunt?” Russell asked.  “I mean, they're friends, right?  How much do you think you can trust this Justin guy?”
Glen pondered the question.  There had been a whole nine months to evaluate just what kind of person Justin was.
“How about Martha?  She beat you up over this?”
“She keeps hoping I'll become another one of her.  When that doesn't happen she becomes scornful.”
If only she'd die in a traffic accident.
Walk under a falling piano.
“Well, fuck it.  She's not being realistic,” said Russell.
“She can be worse than you.”
Russell shook his head: “You shouldn't let me get away with being a jerk.  Next time you have my permission to get violent.  You should slug me one.”
Russell noticed the oil painting above Glen's head: Adam and Eve, the two soon-to-be banished lovers, cowering beside the shady tree.  God hectoring them from above, his white tresses fluttering in the wind.  “That's new,” he said.
“I brought it from the ranch.  Too much for the room?”
“It does kind of take over.  It belongs in a church.”
“It's museum standard.”
“It belongs in the house of some old, rich couple.”
Russell was leaning forward, studying what he saw.
“What are those tiny cabbages with wings.”
In the painting three golden-haired cherub's heads hovered at tree level.  Off to the side, below, there was also a lamb, a lion, and a horse, each of which certainly symbolized something.
“Honestly, I have no idea.”
“Your dad painted a lot of fat broads,” Russell commented.  “I think they're hot, only this one could maybe use implants.  A big woman needs a big set of jugs to go with everything else.”
“That was their time's ideal female beauty.”
“She's this big hunk of a woman with teeny-weeny breasts.  Say, was your mother ever fat?”
“She's always been exactly like now.”
“So your dad didn't go for fat broads in real life.  He only fantasized about them.”
Glen glanced up at what Russell was looking at.  Eve's pink toes and plump, rose-tinted knees.  Her curvaceous, big-boned legs, which were her most attractive feature.  He could imagine their marble smoothness, the tautness of the skin.  Sliding a hand along an inner thigh.
To see Eve's legs open just a crack.

****

But –– But what the fuck!
What the fuck of fucks!
It was some girl.  She'd rounded the corner of the shed out back and was walking blithely up the path.  She didn't notice Glen sitting at the kitchen table; either she wasn't very observant or the sky's reflection on the kitchen window obscured his presence there.  She was Oriental.
The basement door slammed shut so hard that the entire house hopped.  Glen knew he had no choice but to go down.  He put on a different shirt, stepped into his runners.
Unlike Bill, the girl at least answered the door.  She had tragically uneven teeth, a mouthful of jutting white tips.  Glen instantly pictured some wild prairie rodent, one with a nasty bite but that could otherwise be cradled harmlessly in your arms.  She badly mispronounced certain consonants; the way she uttered Bill’s name made it sound more like beer.  Glen remembered teaching English phonetics during his stint as an ESL teacher many years ago.  Only the Japanese students had distorted English's liquids to such a degree.
"Who are you?  Is Bill here?”
“Oooh –– Bill not here.”
“Do you know when he’ll be back?”
“In a few day.  His mother ear, so he say I stay here.”
“Ill is she?  And who exactly might you be?”
“I’m Bill’s grandmother.”
Her lips split into a sharky smirk.  That was a joke between her and her accomplice Bill Decker, Glen guessed, likely intended to taunt him –– or just maybe it was good-natured, fun-loving jest on the part an amiable Japanese girl.  There wasn't a wisp of malice about her; her mouth spread wide into a beaming grin and she was thrilled to be alive.  How in the world had someone like her get mixed up with that prick Bill Decker?  Unless the cute sweetness was all an act.
The girl's name was Rumiko and she was scrawny, downright runtish.  What was more, her jet black hair was uncombed and looked oily and unwashed.  This was a rare sight among the immaculately neat Japanese.  In all, she struck Glen as someone peculiar and unlikely.
“I’m Bill’s house guest,” she explained, more serious now.
“House guest, eh?  Do you have any idea when he's coming back?”
“Back in a few day.  His mother ear and I should stay and watch.”
“Should stay and watch?”
“In casuu brrr-ecku-in.”
He knew Martha would chuck the girl out on her ear.  She'd do it right away too, before the situation sprouted complications.  Christ! if what Bill Decker inflicted on him wasn't becoming more bizarre by the day.  Now there was this oddball imposter –– some trick!  That Bill, Glen had to admit, was pretty damned astute in the end.  The guy knew perfectly which buttons to push and levers to pull.  Had he done all this before to some other poor sod?
Glen softened his tone: “You can stay a few days.  If you try to stay any longer than that, I go to arbitration.  Do you have any idea what arbitration means?”
“Noooo,” she said, adopting Glen's severity.
“If you become involved in arbitration, it could mean losing your right to stay in Canada and being forced to return home.  By any chance do you have Bill’s mother’s phone number?”
“Noooo,” she replied throatily.  She seemed taken aback by the question.
“I'm willing to give you three days, you hear?  After that I call my lawyers and we begin the arbitration case against both Bill Decker and yourself.  I don't know what lies he's told you about staying in this apartment, but this kind of thing isn't allowed in Canada.  It's illegal.”
Glen waited out the time in agitated languor.  During the night or while napping, bed-ridden in the attic's incubator hush, the blade of anxiety sliced Glen's slumber like a fin through calm waters.  And when awake, depression held him fogbound.  He sat studying fridge magnets in the kitchen.  He gazed dully at the street in front of the house.  A whole afternoon came and went as he held a book open in his lap and stared blankly at the wall.  Then, when zapped by a random spell of acuity, Glen voraciously read a few pages of a novel or watched the news on TV, knowing the lucidity wouldn't last very long.  This was the price he paid for his life's recent developments.  He paid first for what others did to him, then for what he did to himself.
On one trip downstairs to prepare lunch, lured to the window by the afternoon sun, Glen caught a glimpse of his tormentor in the street.  Rumiko was ambling down the sidewalk from the hilltop grocer, dreamily swinging her shopping bag without a care in the world.  She paused at the intersection and raised her face to the gorgeous summer rays.  A gopher sniffing a scent.
But fuck! –– the trouble he'd managed to put himself in!  He was such an idiot!  But this was precisely what people like him did to themselves.  Rendered witless by their illness, they became their own worst enemies.  The actual rental agreement for the basement had been signed by Justin Wheeler; for the summer months a verbal agreement had been reached with a second tenant, Bill Decker; and now a pint-sized girl from Japan happened to be occupying the place and who knew for how long?  The apartment was simultaneously the residence of three different parties, none of whom were paying a dime's worth of rent!  In retrospect, his mother had been right about tenants.  But of course she knew the rental business.  What was the point of denying her that?
The three days he'd given the Rumiko came and went without him taking action.  He simply didn't feel up to badgering anyone and decided to spend one more day in bed fortifying his resolve, which inevitably became yet one more day on top of that.  On the afternoon of day five, Glen finally paid a visit downstairs.  He nudged open the basement door with a foot.
“Bill’s rent is way past due,” he said.  “You’re now illegally occupying an apartment that I’m about to take back.  Don’t tell me you’re actually paying that bastard rent to stay here.  How long did Bill say you could stay?”
“No, house guest only.”
“He told you to say that.  He coached you.”
An empty stare.
“Bill and you are cheating me!”
“No.  No.  His mother ear.”
Bill’s mother could burn in hell.
All mothers could fry in hell.
Glen wagged a finger: “You said three days and I took that to be the literal truth.  I accepted you at your word in order to be fair.  If you now ask for even more time, I’ll take what you told me before as a lie.  Why, then, should I let you lie to me again –– am I talking too fast for you?”
“No.”
“You have to go.  It’s the law in Canada.”
“Noooooo.  Noooo.  An emergency!  His mother ear.”
She wore the same clothes as the first day: black pants with a drawstring and a faded sweat shirt, all clean but threadbare.  From what Glen could make out, Japan was breastless, board-flat, and had the narrow hips of an undernourished boy.  She was eating –– he’d seen her with bags of groceries, milk and cheese and fruit –– so this had to be Rumiko's natural physique.
“The next time Bill calls, tell him the jig is up.  Can you remember to say that?  This has gone on too long and I’m putting my foot down.”
“Yes.”
“You have to go, okay?  You’ve been here too long to only be a guest.  I want to see you start packing your bags, all right?”
Rumiko nodded, half-bowed.
“God, you two are wearing me out!”
Three days later Glen discovered the lawn mower was missing.  It'd been parked under the overhang of the evergreen tree, alongside the shed.  Now only an oil can remained to mark the spot.  The little mower had always been safe there, hidden from the thieving eyes prowling the alley.  Most likely Rumiko had been keeping watch for Bill, and the moment she saw Glen go with Russell to the movies, two afternoons ago, she phoned her mentor and he nipped over to load the mower onto his pickup.  His pals in the criminal underworld would have helped him fence the thing.
That outing with his friend had cost him dearly, but no matter.  At the next opportunity he planned to unlock the basement, grab Bill's classical guitar –– last time he looked it was there against the wall –– and either sell it for pocket money or smash the thing to pieces over the stairs!  That'd serve Bill Decker right!  The fucking scumbag!
He didn’t confront Rumiko over the theft.
The thought of seeing anyone frightened him.
All alone, Glen sat on his sofa engrossed by the living room carpet; its weavescape mapped out many an excursion away, simply away from his pathetic life.
And the utter woe that lay at the heart of it.

****

What seemed patently absurd to Glen, circumstances nobody could possibly tolerate, was ho-hum and perfectly okay to this Japanese girl.  Despite direct warnings from Glen, the owner of the house, Rumiko didn't leave the basement.  It was as if she were all alone on a faraway island and Glen nothing but an innocuous cloud miles up in the sky; as if she believed her agreeable demeanor to be, in lieu of actual rent money, plenty payment enough.
She made no effort to stay clear of Glen either, sunbasking fully clothed on the lawn or puttering around the uncared-for flowerbeds bordering the neighbor's fence: The girl had a thing for puny flowers, weeds, and dirt.  She'd squat down and gaze upon them for long-drawn minutes at a time.  What a space cadet!  But how come he found her so charming?  This fascination of hers was merely one facet of the unassuming serenity she possessed –– a serenity that caused her, in Glen's mind, to resemble a wee song bird of the kind that visited the window ledge at breakfast time, chirping a delightful ditty and begging for bread crumbs.  It occurred to him that Rumiko's vexing presence might well develop into a more endearing quality if he let her continue living in the basement for nothing.  Her ways generated glimmers of peace and quiet inside him, which in all honesty he hoped would last a while.
But one evening he recalled one of Martha's anecdotes.  It was about a couple of tenants, husband and wife junkies it turned out, who hid their drugs in the garden of one of her buildings, a large four-plex in which she inhabited an upper-floor suite.  One morning very early, Martha got out of bed for some reason and spotted the twosome among the flowers, digging furtively at the soil.  Later, it was discovered they were burying their stash as a precaution against the police.  Recalling this, Glen panicked: did that explain Japan's unusual interest in his flower beds?  She was so unkempt and emaciated: could she be a drug addict?  The fact she knew someone like Bill Decker made the likelihood seem that much greater.
The next day, waiting until Rumiko had wandered off down the street, Glen rushed outside with a digging fork to do some investigative gardening.  He'd already turned yards of dry soil, unearthing coins, a decomposed mouse, a comb, and a handful of nails, when she came up like a cat from behind.  She caught him off guard and for a moment he stood there wondering what excuse to give for his behavior.  But clearly not a curious or suspicious person, Rumiko nodded a friendly hello and held out the bag of taco chips in her hand.
She wrinkled her lips: a smile.
“Go for it,” she said.
Rumiko disappeared the same day Glen got Justin's postcard in the mail.  It was from Taiwan and stated he wasn't returning in September as planned to rent the basement again.  God, fuck, shit, Glen groaned, I should've seen this coming!  The card made no mention of Bill Decker, the fucker responsible for making summer so miserable, and no instructions whatsoever were given about the belongings Justin had left behind, which before returning to Asia he'd described as boxes of books left inside the closet –– Christ! and now Bill's things were downstairs too!
How could Justin be so inconsiderate?
This insensitivity was out of character.
What had changed him?
Or was it a who, Bill Decker?
Sinister, just imagine.  Bill had really taken his time to coordinate this: Japan and Justin effectively out of the picture the very same day.  Glen refused to believe nobody was masterminding these coincidences.  That it was purely chance seemed far-fetched.
The ranch –– he needed to get out of the city.  He wanted to go work in the fresh air and break an honest sweat.  Maybe he could clean the pool, there was an inch of debris in it.
If not that then call Russell.
But like he needed his shit!

****

In the dream there were four rooms on the ground floor, three of which had been boarded up.  The planks nailed across each door were splintery to the touch: they all held fast, even when given a sharp tug.  To break in one required a crowbar.  He had just his bare hands.
Glen entered the door not barricaded.  Inside was a spacious chamber with a high ceiling, empty but for a single cardboard box in the corner furthest from the doorway.  Crossing over to it, he crouched down to look inside: a girl's play mirror, a headless doll, and a pair of pretty little shoes.  These objects were useless to him.  It wasn't possible to take them along.
He retraced his steps –– the footprints left on the sandy floor –– and returned to the foyer.  The elevator car had long been in disrepair; inside the iron-mesh shaft a large squarish-shaped box stood upright, which was an antique clock roughly human in height.  His eyes growing keener in the dark, Glen was also able to make out the cardboard boxes sealed with masking tape.  Someone either moving in or moving out?  Which was it?
Second floor.
An umbrella stand and an umbrella: moisture like diamond grit beaded the folds of its bell.  Somebody was here, right now.  Glen wandered the ransacked rooms.  Rugs had been rolled up and carried away, chairs and sofas hauled off, and bedding stripped to denude the mattresses.  A corridor bent in an L unexpectedly, then a separate compartment appeared which was a storeroom whose porthole overlooked a solar chimney.  Opposite, the girl –– older than in previous dreams, a young woman now –– was visible in another window; she was seated at a desk, hands folded and resting on the wooden desktop, looking blankly into the wallpaper.  And gazing out elsewhere, framed by another glass pane, was an opal-faced man whose contoured smear was lit with auroral flickers: a mask that didn't hide anything.
Not far away a footbridge connected all three of them inside a labyrinth of passageways.  Glen both pursued and was chased, the sound of doors slamming shut echoing in the long corridors.  Soon the rooms shrunk to closet-space, so that every step out was also a leg in, locked in a rotating spin, except that he was running faster and closing the gap.
And in one room, his legs astride the floor wall to wall, Glen froze when he saw the girl lying naked in a galvanized tub of crushed ice.
The opal-faced man, Black Hat, was coming.

****

Russell called one night to ask if they could use Glen's house again.  It was for another meeting of the political affairs discussion group.  But he also had some personal news.
“Guess what, I'm getting it!” Russell said.
“What's that?” –– getting it, getting laid, having sex!  That was what the phrase meant.  “Is that why you've been ignoring my phone calls?”
“No, that I do for sport.”
“Who is she then?”
“She wouldn't appreciate me blabbing.”
“So you told me, basically, just to torment me?”
“Yeah, sort of.  Anyway, I'll tell you about her later.”
That evening Glen set the food and glasses out for his guests and took a seat in the kitchen.  He wasn't there five minutes before he saw Russell round the corner of the shed, making vigorous hacking gestures.  Robert was in step with him and, not surprisingly, the two appeared to be in heated debate.  But it was only when the pair had trudged up to the back door that Glen saw the third person there behind them.  As the three waited on the porch, Glen unfastening the bolts, the door light brought this newcomer into view: broad-shouldered, coal-button eyes, and a whalebone hunk of a jawbone –– shit! with a cartoonish mandible like that, this guy could never get away with anything.  He'd be too easy for the police sketch artist to draw.
The house adjusted under the weight of the group.  After being let in, they didn't pass straight into the living room as was normal procedure; instead, they collapsed at the kitchen table, the chair legs grinding into the floor a measure of how slack their bodies were and how much they'd had to drink.  They were embroiled in discussion and Glen waited to comprehend something, an outsider momentarily stranded on the sidelines.  There were no friendly nods of greeting.
“The pizza is already in the next room,” Glen offered, hoping to see a shift of bodies.  The kitchen was where he liked to sit alone.
Russell got up and fetched the pizza boxes off the coffee table, ignoring the cutlery and napkins laid out there.  With a reckless underhand toss, he sent the stack of boxes sliding across the table top.  Robert flipped open one of the lids and peered hungrily inside: “Yummy.”
“You guys want a beer?” Russell asked his companions.  He'd usurped the role of host and was shoving Glen even further aside.
“And Dom and Mike?” Glen asked.
“We won't mention him,” Robert said.
The big-jawed man grinned at the pizza slice drooping from his hand.  The other two turned on Glen, eyes accusatory for some reason.
“He's out,” said Robert.  “No more him.”
“Which one, Dom or Mike?”
“That pussy!”
“Who are we talking about exactly?”
“The quintessential family man,” Russell said to the others at the table.  “He's placed the welfare of his own family before everything else.  If it's one thing I can't stand, it's this whole sanctity of the family bullshit.  Let me tell you what I mean.
“We already know all about your much-hated family ethic,” Robert laughed, “but go ahead.  While you're yacking away, we'll get a head start on the pizza.”
“I've got two points I wanna make.  First, how this whole family bullshit is supposed to be sacred and superior to everything else.  You get married, then you have kids, and they're so fucking wonderful because they're cute and innocent and all that crap.  Naturally, the mother and father are being great parents if they flip their finger at the whole world and make their kid the center of the universe.  The whole world can go to pot –– ice caps melt, polar bears go extinct, rain forests burned off the face of the earth –– because the kid needs his shit.  That's top priority.”
Robert said, “We'll put it on our list of things to change, because obviously it's –– hey, this's really good pizza, pizza man!”
Glen smiled with gratitude: “Where did you guys go before coming over?”
Only the complete stranger, the guy with the huge chin, deigned to respond: “We went for a few drinks.  The pub on the corner of Century.”
“I'm Glen by the way.”
“Derek.  Thanks for the pizza.”
That was more like it.  Not rude like the other two.
“If you ask me,” Russell said, “even though I have no critters of my own, I'm a better father to the young generation than Dominic and all those other bullshit moms and dads.  Because while they're always so sure they have their darling spawn's best interests in mind, in actual fact their indifference is making the world a shit place to live.  It's because of them that their kids will have no clean water to drink when they're older.  Fuck, parents are great at giving their kids what they want, but haven't got a clue what their kids actually need.  Like a world they can live in.”
“Here, here!” Robert said.  “And your vitally important second point?  Let's hear it, Russ, because I'm already on my third piece.”
“I take it you guys are pissed Dominic isn't coming tonight,” Glen smiled.  “Am I right?”
“It's more than fucking that!” Robert snapped.
“And what's it to you, anyway?” Russell asked.  “Oh that's right, you're the little fly on the wall.  You're the guy who listens in on us as a source of amusement –– that's some sick shit.  We're not your entertainment.  Get your jollies somewhere else from now on.”
“A few drinks?” –– Glen gulped.  “Just a few drinks, eh?”
“But the mind is crystal clear, which brings me to my second point.  Women have babies and men go to work.  The twin curse that ancient society has laid on us.”
“So why isn't he here then?”
“Dominic's not coming any-fucking-more!”
Robert said, “His wife hears somewhere in the news about police infiltrating activist groups, people getting in trouble for no good reason, just for talking, and her husband can't come out anymore.  He's got children to consider.”
“Are things as serious as all that?” Glen asked.  His voice sounded pinched, more incredulous than intended, but his friend's hostility had thrown him off.  Anxiety slinked up his spine; his rib cage squeezed like a corset pulled too tight.
“What do you think is happening in the world today, Glen?” Robert asked.  “Where the hell have you been all this time?  Well, wherever it is, you need to snap out of it.  Ignorance is a dangerous thing under the existing regime and you're the most ignorant person I know.”
“Thanks for the heads up.”
Robert turned to Russell: “Don't you tell him anything?  He's supposed to be your buddy.”
“He hears what he hears and he can believe whatever he wants to believe.  I normally don't airbrush anything, but I don't push it too hard either.  Our Glen here is fragile, so it's best not to unduly alarm him.”
A direct slight!  A slap in the face –– betrayal!
Robert grinned at the remark.  He lapped it up like it was milk.
At least Derek, seeing no need to bad-mouth somebody he didn't know, tactfully looked down at the tabletop: crust crumbs, pizza boxes, the food all but devoured.  Adding a third voice to Russell and Robert's would be too much of a slaughter.  Real men didn't play that way.
The four of them huddled around the table.  Russell and Derek next to the window, at the ends; Glen and Robert along the inside, elbows nearly touching.  For a fleeting moment Glen imagined living in a society where personal insult was a matter so weighty that a man was apt to draw blood over it.  There had been sword and pistol duels in the past, ritualized murder to uphold one's honor.  Killing even a friend, if it came down to it.
“You of all people insulting me?” Glen said.  “When I think of how generous I've always been to this crusade of yours!  You eat my food!  You drink my beer!  You use my house!”
Russell, calmer now, nodded: “You do get credit for that.  Though I sometimes think of the time we spend together as babysitting duty.  I mean don't I get anything in return for always being around to coddle you?  There should be some perks.”
“Glen,” Robert said, “ask yourself how you make your living.  You make it off other people working their asses off to come up with your rent.  You basically sit up here waiting for the one day a month you have to get up off your ass, go down, and collect your money.”
Russell burst out: “Exactly!  Exactly!”
Robert continued: “Your ignorance wouldn't save you in a real revolution, you know.  Do you know what happened to your kind, the money-grubbing landlord, in the Chinese Cultural Revolution?  People put funny pointy hats on your head, then hung you from a tree in the courtyard!”
Glen replied: “This cause of yours isn't actually as worthy as you like to make out.  It seems to be based on a lot of envy to me.  You have no ideology to speak of, no meaningful platform, just a feeling you've been wronged.  Let's be honest, you and Russell hate the rich because you're not rich yourselves.”
“Do us all a favor you stupid shit and go blow your depressed head off.  Spare us having to listen to your bullshit!”
“Hey easy,” said Derek.  “Don't be an idiot.”
Glen was stunned: Robert had always been friendly to him.  But obviously it'd all been an act.  Did the others also detest him with the same concealed anger?  Russell, yes, he did.
Glen had had enough.  He could get pissed off too:
“You guys are loafish and parasitic, but mainly you have no plan to speak of and the evil forces you see in the world will peck you off no problem.  None of you really wants justice or you would've got some by now.  Really, you just like pretending you're revolutionaries, world-changers, when in fact you're just two pathetic whiners.”
“Think that,” said Russell, “if it makes you feel better.”
“You live this mollycoddled existence like some kind of noble heir,” Robert said.  “You don't even have to go out and work like the rest of the world.  Who in their right mind would listen to your deluded take on reality?”
The evening wasn't going to work out this time.  It was best to probably eat then disband.  In the uncomfortable pause that followed, Russell and Glen leaned back in their chairs and glanced at one another: where to go from here?

****

Derek gave Robert a lift home but Russell chose to stay.  He was red-faced from the booze and looked angrily about the room, eyes glinting with naked feeling.  He produced a cigarette for a quick smoke, a trick he claimed helped clear his head, and looked positively murderous out on the front porch.  But who was it he wanted to kill?  Reconciliation was a stretch for the moment and the two friends predictably untabbed a couple of beers and settled down to watch a film on TV.  This meant spending the rest of the evening estranged.
Afterward, they tried chatting about the movie.  Russell quickly grew agitated though, standing up and going back outside to fume: what the hell was this childish snit about?  Glen knew friction between two friends was normal, however this evening it differed in gravity compared to the usual rift.  Realizing this, Glen couldn't help growing more tense.  He wanted to yell at the top of his lungs; he wanted to leap up and belt Russell in the face.
He helped himself to another beer.  Its effect was soothing and turned his thoughts inward: the anxiety he suffered, the fear rocking his ramshackle psychology was, of course, hard on those around him.  His endless spill of private angst would be a burden to anyone.  Truth was, people were generally ill-at-ease coming into close contact with other people's emotions, especially such powerful negative ones.  Poor Russell, then, stuck in the role of the supportive friend year after year.  For somebody not noted for his patience, all in all he didn't do too badly.
And there were other dynamics.  Russell himself was by no means well, only he kept what was ailing him buried –– sometimes, no doubt, buried kicking and screaming.  Glen saw the two of them as similarly engaged in on-going inner turmoil which, ironically, made them as much natural enemies as indispensable confidants traversing the same terrain.  He'd thought up an axiom for this paradox based on his history with Russell: weak men detested weakness in men, for it was aggravating to have one’s despised vulnerability duplicated in the outside world.  The urge was to deface the mocking double and this engendered feelings of aggression.
“Can't get enough of those flying cabbage heads,” Russell said, re-entering the house.  He pondered the painting on the wall above Glen's head: “They must be angels.”
“Not likely,” Glen replied, “since those are probably the angels flying in the sky above them, there near the top of the painting.”
“Your dad's Bible paintings,” Russell commented, “there must have been pretty good money in it.  But didn't he ever get bored doing the same old thing over and over?  More angels, more clouds parting, more Madonnas.”
“There was some money, although not nearly enough for Martha.  Nobody ever got fabulously rich doing reproduction paintings.”
“This painting then is about what, the Fall of Eden?”
“A little before that, actually.  Here God's interrogating Adam about who talked him into eating the apple, and Adam replies that it was Eve, the woman God made to be his helper.  So God was doubly betrayed that day.”
“A bad day.  He's fucking furious here.”
Glen watched Russell crane forward to see better: Adam and Eve beneath the Tree, shaded by the ovate leafage.  Or was it the figure of Eve his friend was perusing, the sexy fat broad in the bottom corner?  Glen held his tongue, a funny remark might not be well received tonight.
“What else do you know about it?” Russell inquired.
What was going through his head?
“The scene in the painting?  It's all part of Christian propaganda to keep people in line.  Imposing a fictitious truth on the masses to make them more malleable to church power.”
“I gathered that.  Same old thing.”
Glen had an inspiration: “Christian devotees are like the foot soldiers in God's army, the priests the sergeant-majors, and the cardinals and bishops something akin to the colonels and generals: the officers higher-up.”
Russell grinned widely: “I'm proud of you, my boy.  All my efforts to enlighten you haven't gone to waste after all.  You're beginning to sound just like me, if I do say so myself.”
“High praise indeed,” Glen answered, wanting to go along with the joke, hoping to encourage the good humor.
“By the way, Russ, what's this about a girlfriend?”
“So far we're just friends.  But we're headed in the right direction.”
“You lied about getting laid?”
“Can't friends occasionally bullshit one another?”
“Fair enough.”

Chapter Five: Autumn

A blurry red and blotchy flesh tone tainted the smoky textured glass.  Nearing the front door, Glen made out a scarlet dress, full-sized bust, and nostrils flaring.  Whoever she was, knocking so vigorously, seeing the door open she lowered her naked arm to her side –– and it was such a lovely arm with buttery smooth skin, armpits shaved and, it looked like, powdered.  It was an arm out of an Italian master's painting.
She huffed, “How many times does one have to knock?  Am I interrupting something important?”
There had been the arduous climb out of a jealous bed; a soft mattress and sheets that wouldn't release him from their embrace.  Glen had then drifted half-awake down the stairs and he'd needed a moment to summon the courage to open the door: who the hell was pounding on it like that?  Now, to avoid any embarrassment, Glen lied:
“Didn't hear you.  I was listening to music, had the earphones on.”
The unknown woman glared at him, almost defiantly:
“You just got out of bed.  It's ten-thirty.”
Her lips were painted a fiery red.  Her hair was an eye-catching, almost dazzling sugarcane blonde, which streamed fine and even down past her shoulders.  The dress she wore resembled something off the glossy cover of a fashion magazine –– Glen didn't really know but thought he could tell –– and the cut fit perfectly both her ample and amply curved dimensions.
The aquablue eye shadow and gemstone eyes.
Tasteful ballet flats matching the outfit.
Here was a woman who knew how to dress: she was utterly striking.  Only, on a discordant note, it wasn't summer dress weather any longer.  It was late October and nobody wore thin cotton during this season.  She maintained a sturdy stance on the porch.  As immovable as a tree stump, Glen observed, his eyes now falling on her thick rounded calves.
“Are you Glen Hoggarth?  I’m Doris Keppler.  I’m here to talk about your friend Russell.”
“Russell?”
She barged in without a second's notice; they were face to face in the living room, squaring off, his back towards the open door as if he were the brazen intruder.
“Let’s get straight to the point,” she said.  “I regret disturbing another person’s privacy, but Russell has been missing for five whole days now.  That’s quite enough now, don't you think?”
“Missing?”
Glen made a muddled count of how many days had passed since he last saw his friend.  But not sure he was able to on the spur of the moment, he left the task for later.
“Missing from where, exactly?”
“Where?  You’re asking me?” –– her poise teetered, her body tilted: not meaning to, Glen saw he'd scored a direct hit.  Doris quickly recovered from the brunt of the blow, but the strain and weariness etched her features: “You might help me out just a little.  You might try, can you?”
“You say Russell is missing?”
“He isn’t here then?  That’s your story?”
“Why would you think he's here?”
“I can think of a pretty good reason but please don’t simply deflect my questions.”
“I’m afraid you and I have never met before, and I don’t even know how you’re connected to Russell.  Am I missing something here?”
Doris shook her head with matronly severity.
There was something so odd about her.
“If you’re somebody he knows,” Glen continued, “that still doesn’t –– Could you fill me in a little?  I'm a little lost to be completely honest.”
Doris nodded, having confirmed her worst suspicions, and sharpened her enunciation to say: “He’s here, I'd say!  You've got him tucked away somewhere.  Upstairs maybe?”
“Is there some reason he should be hiding from you?  I’d like to hear it.”
An appalled rage, poisoned betrayal, then tenderness; Doris grew moist-eyed, her body again recoiling from a blow accidentally delivered.
“I didn't mean to imply anything,” Glen said.  “I really have no idea what the situation.”
“There isn't any reason Russell should be hiding, since I can’t change a thing.  But he should treat me with a little human dignity and deal with me respectfully before moving on.  A person can’t just trample on another person –– on any other person –– this way.”
“I see.”
“He’s here!” Doris seethed; she spun around and looked quite capable of marching the rest of the way into the house.  “I know I’m in the right.  I’ve done nothing wrong.”
Glen hurried around to block her advance: “Russell isn't here, like I said.  But if you leave your phone number, he can call you.”
“When?”
“Whenever it suits him, I guess.”
“He has my number.”
Regardless, she unclasped her bag with a vicious twist.  Pressing a slip of paper on the wall, she jotted the information down.  Glen followed the contour of her marble-sculpted arm down to the rise of her breasts, breasts the size of two plump, milk-swigging newborns.  Most definitely they were marvelous, even overwhelming.
“You can give him this.”
Glen was now wide awake.  He no sooner closed the door behind Doris Keppler –– it sounded like horse hooves clumping down the steps –– then he began dialing up his friend.  On his lips were the words: Who the hell is this Doris woman?  Why would she suddenly show up here at my place?  You actually gave her my address: what for?
Russell's cell phone was switched off.
The land line.  Nobody answered.
Glen called Russell's parents who hadn't heard from him in more than a week, not that that was anything unusual.  “Tell him to give his mother a quick call sometime,” Mr. Clooney said.  “She’s starting to get a little curious.”

****

The next day Glen was in heated debate with himself.  Damn it, should he call her or not?  What did he have to lose?  Nothing, nada, not a thing.  To boost his confidence, Glen assured himself that if Doris’s voice wasn't friendly when she first picked up the phone, he could put down the receiver and drop the whole idea: she'd never guess it was him that called.  So all was set, there was nothing stopping him; nevertheless, the sense that he was re-enacting his shy teenage years continued to hamper him.  At his age he shouldn't be behaving like some scaredy-cat kid –– by now he should be able to phone someone of the opposite sex without dying twice over for it!
Shame became anger, which set off an impulsive grab for the phone.
“Hello, can we meet?” he blurted out.
“Beg your pardon?  Who is this?”
“It’s Glen Hoggarth.  You came to visit me yesterday at my place.”
“Oh, hello Glen.  Meet you say?  Do you have any news?”
She spoke with the same aloof tone.  Now ringing with cheer, however.
Queer bird, this Doris Keppler.
“No, unfortunately Russell hasn’t turned up and he’s not answering his phone.  But would you be open to getting together for a coffee anyway?”
“I guess we might meet –– once.  What have you heard?”
“Like I said, I haven't heard a thing.  Russell's parents haven't seen him lately, but they're not overly concerned about it.  He often goes off the radar for a while and why wouldn't he?  The guy's a grown up, after all.”
“I appreciate you calling to let me know how things are.  I must admit, I'm seeing Russell's dead body washed up on the shore somewhere and I have these awful dreams.  Tell me, do you think he’s the suicidal type at all?”
“Not the Russell I know.”
“You'd like to meet, you say?”
“When you have some free time.  Even today.”
“Could you be a gentleman, Glen, and come out to Surrey to meet me?  It’s Whalley, actually, where I live.  Surrey, as you probably know, covers a pretty large area.”
“I can get there no problem.”
“I’m in one of my states and can't go far from home.  It really isn't a normal way to be.”
“I'm happy to make the trip.”
“I can't be stuck on the other side of the river with no place to go.  If something should happen –– some terrible event –– I need to be near the house.”
That would be the Fraser River, with three or four bridges and a tunnel crossing it.  Glen considered: What could possibly happen to prevent her from getting home?  The Big One, a massive earthquake, was about the only thing, barring Russell's invasion of the United States.
“That's understandable.  Really.”
“It's all in my head, but I want to be on this side of the river.”
“It makes no difference to me where we meet.”
“Do you know where the university is in Whalley?  It's right across the parking lot from a monorail stop.  There’s a coffee shop outside the entrance of the building, right where there’s the new tower –– shaped like a sail or a dorsal fin, or something or other.”
“I've seen it driving by.”
“In case you’re somehow mistaken and have problems getting here on time, please call me.  Because I wouldn't want to be left exposed in a public place.  Not for any length of time.”
“I’ll definitely call if something comes up.”
“Shall we say in about an hour?”
Glen checked the weather.  He left his umbrella at home but put on a warmish jacket.  It wasn't like him not to bring a book for the trip; but today, certain he lacked the focus for serious reading, he dropped a few coins into a newspaper box on the Skytrain platform and bought a copy of the Sun.  Today the front page displayed a picture of a building downtown presently occupied by legions of street people.  Once a famous Vancouver department store, it'd become a leviathan makeshift dormitory for drug addicts, the mentally ill, people without family, and prostitutes.  Spokespersons for these squatters were negotiating with officials who threatened to take extreme measures soon.  The situation had dragged on far too long, was the message from City Hall, and development couldn't be delayed any longer –– in other words money and profit before people's well-being.  Glen guessed the mayor's tough words were mostly rhetorical.  Probably he believed the city's citizens would applaud a hard line.  The son of a bitch.
Elsewhere in the paper, provincial politics were as zany as ever.  The economy had grown teeth and was on the upswing, chewing on the gristle of dwindling social programs.  Then there was an article about a recent medical discovery: according to German researchers, mental and physical forms of stress released hormones that corroded the blood vessels in the heart, usually leading to premature death.  People nowadays suffered too much stress, it was reported, which was turning out to be a killer.  Glen took this news to heart: after all the strain and misery dolloped on him since birth by his mother, by his university studies and short teaching career, by his flawed nervous system and brain's baleful chemistry, it now seemed –– just like that, to top things off –– that he was destined to be a dead man at fifty, if not before.  All the effort he'd made to battle his dysfunction, always telling himself that his later years would be happier, and now the chance of a rosier future had been snatched away.
Fear sunk its talons into him.
Depression's pea soup clogged his mind.
Fucking life.  It was a fucking life.
Time flew when your mind was occupied.  Glen was already high above the Fraser River, which surged seaward beneath the Skytrain bridge.  Release from the apprehension he was feeling was invitingly easy, since there was nothing forcing him to keep his date with Doris: just stay on the Skytrain as it looped back towards the city center.  She'd no doubt think he was a complete jerk and total loser for jamming out, but humiliation like that was the cake he'd gorged on his entire life.  You acquired a sweet tooth for it after a while.
The plan was to get to the coffee shop well beforehand and get comfy with the location.  This was strategy plucked straight out of a self-help guide for the socially ill-at-ease.  By arriving early at a destination to suss the place out, awkward types such as himself felt more in control of the situation and were able to cope better.  This made sense when couched in persuasive psycho-babble, but did it work in real life?  Only rarely in his experience.
Clusters of Whalley's down-and-out loitered around the foot of the escalator, underneath the Skytrain platform.  They greeted Glen with probing glances and tough-guy postures.  Many of the hooded youths were obviously drug dealers, trafficking their goods to customers from all over the city and its suburbs.  Business was being conducted with gloves and woolen hats today, as well as out in the open daylight.  This had to mean a low police presence.
The destitution was oddly alluring.  The grubbing for a livelihood a sort of grotty spectacle.  Across the street, the row of used DVD stores, discount one-dollar stores, and pawn shops was open for business, and in every doorway a clot of shabby white trash hung about.
Glen felt the eyes frisking him.
Like he was money.

****

Olive skin and lush black curls, a green fleece and hiking boots: the young man sat on the staircase fanning down from the mall's entrance.  He was looking out across the plaza's concrete-block fountain and benches, and wore a smile that Glen could only read as self-satisfied; yes, a little cocky even.  Exhibiting an almost leonine bearing, this youth was tallying up the countless invitations for pursuit under his gaze.  Coupling to be done for one thing, social networks to explore and reap profit from, as well as other forms of gratification.  On occasion Glen, too, was drawn to people watching, although he usually wound up looking about apprehensively and wondering: How the hell am I going to survive this place?
Glen knew he had to pick himself up –– this gumming away on overstewed angst meant certain death.  He had to cultivate a meaty appetite for life and women: some zesty, bosomy woman to put the bounce back in him.  Soon he'd be seated across from someone who could meet any man’s desires, and he was fairly sure she was unattached –– Doris had been to his house.  She'd spoken to him and left her phone number.  That alone made her vastly unlike any other woman in the world.  Doris Keppler was no anonymous fish in the sea.  She'd come aground on his sandy shores after Russell had tossed her back.
Toss her back why?
What was wrong with her?
True, there was a quirkiness in the way she behaved, but that was harmless.  It didn't make her a bad catch.  Glen, in fact, found her eccentric quality at the same time pathetic and positively fetching.  He began reviewing his impression of Doris so far: no, it wasn't normal that she refused to stray away from her home.  His Doris was afraid to be stranded on the other side of the Fraser River, with no place to go when trouble started.  A phobia then, a fear of unforeseen catastrophic events, of Vancouver's long-predicted massive earthquake –– Oh, fuck, here we go!
Glen!  You're on!
Doris Keppler was strolling across the plaza in knee-high leather boots that volleyed the sun back into the sky.  Here again was the Miss Chatelaine from his front porch.  Now she was very uptown, very spruced up, clad in a long deep-brown leather jacket; but, in the autumn air's bone-dry cold, once again daring a breezy cotton dress.  It was like she'd chosen her outfit from the pages of the summer catalogue, the wrong fucking season!  What was all that about?
And Doris had left her jacket open.  Here was a woman who liked to show off her endowments!  The hammocky swing of her weighted bra was doubtlessly meant for a gobsmacking effect.  Glen pictured himself staying the sling of those pendulous breasts: deliriously wedging his snout in the cushiony cleavage.
Too much happening all at once!
Doris saw him inside the coffee shop and walked briskly over –– he the sitting duck spotted in the reeds by the hunting dog!  She wanted something from him, she was dressed to seduce.  Glen lifted a hand to wave, a badly timed afterthought, just as Doris swung open the glass door.
“Hello Glen, you're looking well,” she said.
Her smile was direct, steady, like the pump of a confident handshake.  Her sugarcane hair shone almost neon in the light.  But her lips were thinner than he remembered them, her bladed nose and long cheeks compromised by a second study.  She wasn't unattractive but not out-and-out gorgeous either –– more than just a little on the rotund side.  It occurred to Glen that a woman of Doris's girth would come out quite poorly in an ordinary cut designed for a slimmer figure.  On her, anything cheap and off-the-rack would probably bring to mind a thickset female power lifter.  No doubt she was aware of that though.
“I’m off to get something,” she said.  “Would you like anything?”
“No thanks.”
Glen inhaled deeply and considered how the interplay had gone so far.  He feared the impression he'd given her was drab and hesitant: somebody dynamic, somebody not a total wuss, would have gone for the drink she offered.  Fuck, and he should have got up off his ass and offered to get her something!  He'd forgotten the cardinal rule of how to treat a first date, especially a classy woman like Doris.  After the span of only a few seconds, he was already working from a deficit.  From here on, he had to pick up his game.
When Doris returned, coffee in hand, he panicked: why hadn't he been planning what to say next!  Thankfully –– thank you, God! –– she opened the conversation:
“You’re a real gentleman for coming all the way to Whalley.  You didn’t get mugged walking through that ugly mob near the monotrain station?”
A skytrain station: that's what people, everybody, called it.
“I must say they’ve really cleaned up the area though,” Glen answered.  “The university tower wasn't up when I was here last.  It's impressive.”
“I wouldn’t let yourself get too impressed.  It’s just this coffee shop and the plaza that’s new on the street level.  Inside the mall it’s still as depressing as ever.  The shops all sell cheap products for the welfare crowd and the low income.  They're all still living here, I’m afraid.”
“I've heard the area is changing.”
“Well, they’re still here.  People who live here like to think that the stereotype of Whalley, as a haven for addicts, prostitutes, and racist skinheads –– people like that –– isn’t accurate anymore.  But it's still true, of course.”
Doris had a few stories to tell.  Her neighbor trained his Doberman to attack burglars only after they'd snuck into his apartment.  They got in but didn't get out without the dog first chewing them to pieces.  Also, the hookers had moved off the main drag, but the Johns knew just where to find them: hanging around residential streets and school grounds to evade police sweeps.  Closer to home, a woman up the street from Doris’s place turned tricks inside her garage.  Her husband was at work but knew about it.  He'd just bought a new SUV with the money.
Derelict homes were never torn down here.  They housed the area's heroin and morphine junkies, who thieved to support their habits.
“All Whalley is like that?  Can't be.”
“A woman was raped the other week in a soccer park.  Nobody did a thing while it was happening.  A whole apartment block heard the cries, but nobody bothered calling the RCMP.”
“Somehow I'd heard things were better now.”
Doris excused herself to go to the bathroom, and Glen took the opportunity to reassess the situation.  She was doing most of the talking, which was a great help.  It took the pressure off and helped distract him from himself.  Amazing how a simple coffee with an interesting woman could be such a struggle!  Why get so tense when what did it really matter in the end?  Things between them were lukewarm at best, the dialogue a bunch of small talk neither of them gave a shit about.  Nothing meaningful was going to come from this –– and was he actually hitting on his best friend’s girlfriend?  How did he know Russell had broken up with her?
But who was hitting on anyone!  Him actually hit on someone?  He was merely self-therapying himself, chatting with a woman in a date-like scenario because it was good practice for the real thing, which was bound to come along one of these fine days, or then again probably not.  Glen decided to take in the gorgeous view –– Doris's hair, smooth skin, breasts –– and enjoy her sexy voice for as long as the date lasted.  He'd noted a hint of contralto in Doris’s voice which made it sound deep and over-earnest, like a boy asserting some fact of life to a grown up.
Doris was back: “In any case, Russell will eventually contact you, since one doesn’t usually cast aside one’s lifelong friends.  Not for long, anyway.”
“You’re still interested in him?”
“No, I won’t speak to him ever again.  It's something else.  For me it’s like when I was a young girl and a space mission went up into space –– do you remember those, a big event every year or so?  The mission itself meant nothing, I didn’t care if they were up there to accomplish something groundbreaking for the world of science.  But I always sat glued to the television set to make sure they got back to earth; I needed to know they’d landed safely and okay.  Once that happened, I dropped it and went back to my doll house.”
Doris seemed engaged in their conversation.  Astronauts floating through outer space, childhood recollections: this was compelling, they weren't just talking for the sake of talking.
“Did Russell ever mention running off?” she asked.
“Not a word.”
“Strange, don’t you think?  Hard to understand.”
“In this world anything can happen,” Glen remarked.  “Any kind of human perversity, in fact just as the Bible illustrates.  I’m not really religious –– it was never really a part of my upbringing –– but after studying the Bible a bit on my own, I happen to believe it's a very wise book.  I’ve come to view it as a blueprint for humanity, in that it conveys every possible vagary of human behavior, good and bad.  Just think about it a second, in the Bible we have fathers sleeping with daughters, brothers stealing from brothers and murdering them.  Then there are over-the-hill old ladies who become mysteriously pregnant.”
In response, Doris’s brow furrowed and fissures underscoring her eyes and bracketing her mouth rose like razor incisions on glass.  She looked vulnerable and sad suddenly.  Glen remembered she'd had the same reaction a day ago, during her visit to his house.
What did he keep saying wrong?
Sensing the responsibility to converse had shifted onto him, Glen experienced a pang of fear, then hastened to add: “Betrayal is also a prominent theme.  Not only Judas's betrayal of Christ in the Gospels either.  I’m talking about the betrayal of the God's very first children, if you remember, and Joseph's brothers betraying him.  Etcetra, etcetra.”
The Bible?  Now he was some kind of authority?
Betrayal?  Where the hell was he going with this?
Glen told himself to back up, move on to a different topic, but Doris remarked, “I find that rather interesting.  You feel Russell betrayed you because he disappeared without saying anything?  Is that what you're trying to tell me?”
This was an unexpected turn, a leap all the way back to Russell.  But why was Doris so sure Russell had disappeared?  She dwelt on the point continually.  If she was actually right, maybe it was time to start getting worried.
“If he's really decided to vanish,” Glen said, “doesn't he owe me some kind of explanation?  It's one thing to want to go away for a while, or have some alone time, but not to tell anyone and cause people to worry just isn't right.”
Doris jabbed a hand into her purse.
She pulled out a pack of cigarettes.
“Must go set myself on fire,” she said.  “The conversation is beginning to nibble at my nerves a little bit.  Poor you, anyway.”
“Poor me?” Glen began to laugh.
She dropped her plastic lighter and it clattered to the floor.  A rush of blood infused Glen as she bent down to scoop it up: thoughts of planting his hands on her skull, guiding her towards him.
“It’s a despicable habit.”
“I smoked once too,” Glen replied.
“You must tell me one day how you managed to quit.”
“It's cold out there.  Not wearing a coat?”
Should he go outside with her?  Just to sit with her?
Doris faced him and demanded: “Why did you bring that up?”
“What up?”
“The Bible, father's sleeping with –– betrayal, all of that.  Mind telling me how it relates to Russell?  Just now I was the one who connected it to Russell betraying you.  I noticed you simply went along with it.”
“Believe me, I was just trying to make conversation.  It's stupid,” Glen said, “but I'm not a very good conversationalist and tend to go off in weird directions sometimes.  I hope you're not upset about anything.”
“Give me a minute to smoke this.”

****

Out in the open air, she perched on the rim of the cement fountain.  A nagging breeze rippled the fabric of her dress and whisked strands of long blonde hair –– while the whole time her lovely leather jacket lay draped over a stool in the coffee shop.  She wrapped herself in her arms and began rocking to and fro; sucking hard on her cigarette, she glared at the smoldering tip as if daring it to extinguish in the wind.  Doris was being assailed by vivid flashbacks of painful ordeals, Glen guessed.  Or she was busily plotting how to break free from her date with a dull, sermonizing bore.  Either way, Glen liked to think he could spot another desperate soul when he met one.  With Doris, though, he didn't even have to try.  It was plainer than day.
“Here I am,” Doris said, returning to their window-side table.  She embraced herself, just as she had outside, rubbing the skintight cotton over her shoulders.  Glen was tempted to scold her for being foolish: today she'd left home underdressed, in a leather jacket she'd stubbornly left unbuttoned; yesterday, when paying him a visit, she'd worn even less.  But the cold, the discomfort, the suffering, that was the whole point.  Glen wished he knew the reason for this.
Doris fiddled with the clasp of her purse and extracted another cigarette, which she stared at solemnly.  “What you said earlier,” she stated.  “I like to read but don’t have your background, your kind of intelligence.  I doubt I'd ever get what you do out of reading the Bible.”
“The Bible is a book anyone can understand on their own.  It's written that way.”
“What you said earlier.  People's perverted behavior.  That you think the Bible is also about that kind of thing surprises me.  We hear all the time that it's supposed to be a holy book and it's used by the church, so obviously it's supposed to be edifying.”
Doris held her cigarette in fingers stiff as carved wood.  For now the lighter remained buried in the purse on her lap.
“There’s hatred of women in that book,” she said.  “It’s no wonder Christian societies have such a strong hatred of women.  The Bible teaches it.”
“I suppose you can make a case for misogyny in the Bible, and many people do.  As long as you don't think that's all there is.”
Doris dismissed him: “Hateful stories about women.  One almost thinks people try to forget these stories exist, but the church leaders read them and they pass on their hatred to the masses.  It's in their preaching.  That’s how the mechanism works.”
So she did know the Bible.  In her own terms, that is.  Was she religious or had she been once upon a time?  But her hostility also had a feminist inflection.  Glen hoped she wasn't one of those.  He had no idea how to handle a feminist, except maybe to take flight.
“There are elements of hatred, sure,” Glen said cautiously.  “But it's not a hateful book altogether.  There is wisdom in it and insight.”
Doris almost sneered, “It’s hate!” –– she gulped, stood abruptly.
Glen jumped up too.
“Off to set myself on fire again,” Doris said, forcing a smile.
“It’s pretty chilly out there.  Should I come out too?”
“You quit” –– She left a second time without a jacket.
Doris puffed through three cigarettes, one right after the other, as the wind tossed her hair into wild disarray.  She flicked distractedly at the blonde lossoes, brushed them out of her eyes.  The scene begged for a hero to come to the rescue: this tragic, woebegone soul!
The dark-haired young man Glen noticed earlier was still on the steps, the October weather not fazing him one bit.  He resembled a happy hiker on a mountain top.  Now –– standing, clearing his things away –– he was ready to set off, or maybe move in on the woman sitting alone at the fountain below.  He was most definitely casting furtive glances Doris's way.  Glances that could be taken as lustful in nature.  Was this the masculine attitude Doris had referred to?  Did it actually convey something as extreme as hatred towards women?  Possibly an inexcusable disregard for women or a brutish sense of entitlement.
Glen hopped up to open the door; Doris brushed past him and went straight to the washroom.  When she returned, her eyes were red and veiny.
“Doris, you don't look too well.  What's wrong?”
“Don't fret, it's nothing you've done.”
“I can see something is upsetting you.”
“There's no mystery involved.  Just something you don't know.”
“There is a lot I don't know about you.”
“One thing in particular that you don't know.”
“Maybe you should tell somebody?”
She snatched up her purse.  Coffee was over.
Glen wanted to protest: he could take her out to dinner.  They might continue talking.
“Can I at least walk you home?  Make sure you get home okay?”
“You’ve been a proper gentleman for coming all the way out here.”
“I'm already this far.  Let me go as far as your front door.”
Doris's eyes imploring him, her sad mouth, that little boy's earnest intonation:
“You've come far enough already.”
“Then can we meet again?” he asked.
“I should think that would be all right.  Sometime in the future, maybe after a bit of time has passed.  We had a nice chat today.”
“I’ll call you.  I don't mind coming out this way.”
There was no backward glance.  No last minute wave like on a successful first date.  Because he was man, a beast, after all: greedy and mean and lewd.  And just his luck, Doris was a woman who knew all about it.

****

His babbling had pushed an intelligent, sensitive woman to chain smoking and crying in the washroom.  Doris had chosen to sit alone, out in the blustering wind, rather than stay inside the coffee shop and listen to him drone on about the Bible.  For shit's sakes!  On a first date you make them laugh, Glen told himself.  Wait until the very last date to make them cry.
The Skytrain soared over grassy fields and deserted homes, hiding places for junkies and rapists after nightfall.  This was in near the river: there was a factory yard down below crammed with stacks of metal barrels; a dirt-road trailer park and adjoining biker's bar; and a vast fenced-in lot that contained rows and rows of old city buses slowly rusting to scrap.  The Skytrain then hugged the highway down a snaking slope to the final stop in Whalley, which served a large commuter parking area at the bottom of the hill.
Crossing the bridge everything plummeted.  The Skytrain was vaulted high above the Fraser River, in a split second creating a breathtaking vertical gap.  A number of cars and campers were parked along the riverbank; groups were milling around fire pits and a dog raced after a frisbee too distant to make out with the naked eye.  From where Glen sat behind the train car's smudged plexiglass the churning river was only a slightly darker than the sand on the beach.
The doors slid open.  A bunch of students sprinted up to the car, shouting and panting.  On board there were teenagers clad in hockey jerseys, and an elderly lady carrying shopping bags stuffed with balls of wool.  At the far end of the car, a dwarfish street person was hassling a timid young couple: the vagrant grinned fiendishly, the pair shrank away.  What were they afraid of?  Probably the sudden sight of a knife, perhaps a gun.  Violence, implicit and full-blown, was commonplace on the public transit system.  Over the years, Glen had witnessed knives pulled on passengers, fights, a brawl, hence all the emergency buttons to summon security and the beefed up patrols to foster a sense of safety.  Vancouver was no longer the mild-mannered village it used to be when Glen was growing up.  It had graduated into a sometimes menacing metropolis.
But while you might witness some alarming things on the Skytrain, Glen reflected, you didn't see anything real –– not terribly real anyway, not the most real, not real as in what went on away from the street, behind closed doors: in the home where the world’s millions and millions of fucked up people were created.  It was there that the smutty and threatening behavior later enacted in plain view was originally programmed, for the very worse horrors –– the private horrors, the acts of soul violation –– were never laid eyes on.
Glen was thinking now of Doris.
Some past horror had caused her fear and distrust.
The Skytrain careened around a tight bend and veered inland.  Glen caught sight of a tug boat towing an enormous slab that was its barge; mills on the far riverbank seeping smoke; yard lights twinkling red and yellow.  The clouds had scattered and a blinking passenger jet descended from the sapphire sky to the landing strip on the tip of the delta.  It was farewell to the broad and turgid Fraser River.  Here came residential neighborhoods, the apartment towers.
Glen sorted through his thoughts.  There was Doris’s paranoid fear of leaving the safety of home: he appreciated the persuasiveness of self-constructed realities, whatever form they took.  Even if it were to come out that she believed her daily actions, her general movement above ground, dictated the shift of the earth's massive underground plates, he could accept that as the reality she experienced and not be judgmental.  Quite possibly she'd sensed this about him, too, and that's why she'd agreed to meet him.
From the outset Doris had shown the courage to be honest about herself.  She mentioned her fear of crossing the river when it'd been wiser to withhold that information: as far as she knew, he might respond by laughing in her face, because it wasn't everyday that you heard a grown woman admit she was nuts!  So then what of value had he given her in exchange?  What kind of attitude had he displayed?  He'd maintained the upper hand throughout, not once admitting to any frailty; he'd played the role of mentor, the savvy reader, the expert.  Indeed, it was quite the performance that he'd put on for her.  Naturally, to save face, appear strong.
Him, Doris –– in the world so many deranged and fucked up people, all striving to preserve some semblance of normality, but all the while letting fear and anxiety warp the path their lives took.  How sound in mind and action could you be when constantly dodging scary alter egos, playing mind games with yourself, and wearing masks to avoid detection?  Christ! it was a wonder the world operated at all with so many defective, non-recovering crazies in it.  Huge populations of them!  How could anything –– a society, a civilization, a community –– run like this?  It was like a factory clamoring full of malfunctioning machines: robot arms snatching haphazardly here and there, bolt guns shooting every which way before jamming altogether, assembly lines spinning out of control.  And then there were those who caused the nutcases to become the way they were, Glen thought, who were no doubt, first and foremost, fucked up themselves.
How did the world stay afloat on such shaky foundations?  This was a serious question.  But, of course, that was precisely how things did run.
Glen had left the wind, with its incessant face-slapping, back in the suburbs.  The air in the city was calm and a few degrees warmer.  Relax, he told himself walking homeward, relax.  It was all behind him now.  Doris Keppler too, he could be sure of it, was behind him.  She had no real reason to want to see him again.  He'd phone in a few days to give her the chance to brush him off, and there was nothing in the world he could do about that.
Entering his house, the phone rang.
“It’s me ... calling again ... so you’re not home?”
Doris Keppler, sounding suspicious.
Glen listened to a message she left fifteen minutes ago:
“Would you be a gentleman ... again ... there are things I need to know.  After behaving inexcusably and walking out on you earlier, I realize you're probably the only person who can tell me certain things, but I still can’t get out to you.  Would you please be able to come back out here tonight?”
Her second message: “When you get this message, just come.  If you possibly can.  I don’t imagine I’ll be getting any sleep tonight.”
Doris gave her address in Whalley.
Glen called: “I just got your messages.  Sorry it took so long for me to get back to you.  It can take a while to get home on the Skytrain.”
“I was wondering if you could come out here to continue the chat we started in the coffee shop.  I rather desperately need to know more.  I’ve been reading some on my own, but can’t –– I’m not clever with books like you are.”
“Sit tight.  I'll drive this time.”

****

Glen disliked the bridge spanning the Fraser River into Surrey: its lanes were freakishly narrow.  The biggest fear was that another car would bump into yours, send you crashing through the railings, then flying off into the water far below.  Then came trashy Whalley –– on the other side of the river, up the hill –– whose longstanding notoriety as a slummy high crime zone recommended added alertness.  Glen sat up at the wheel and paid extra attention, nevermind that the streets and sidewalks to the right and left were completely empty.  Apparently heroin addicts and petty criminals needed their sleep like everyone else.
Away from the main drag, with its shops and low-rent office buildings, Whalley was the shit-hole Doris Keppler had described.  There were derelict houses boarded up and broken into; front lawns cluttered with living room furniture and kids' toys; motorcycles parked in the middle of the grass and cars sitting up on blocks in a permanent state of repair.  Glen learned Doris lived in a house that was enclosed within a chain link fence and concealed from the sidewalk by Douglas fir.  The wind teased the foliage and strummed the grass in the front yard.
“You have the nicest house on the block,” Glen said at the door.
“It's the only yard not dug up by a bulldog or German shepherd.  But it looks much better in the dark than it does during the day.”
Doris wore baggy slacks and a loose dress-down blouse: a tent in muted colors, what people wore to hide how unsightly they felt they looked.
“Everything okay?” Glen asked.
The blinds were drawn in the bedroom.  Thin slits of yard light made them visible to each other, and Glen watched transfixed as Doris's figure slid onto the ash-toned square of the bed.  Her wondrous hair was pearlescent sand poured from a child's pail; it spilled luxuriantly onto the pillows.  She was a big woman but the bed gave her space.
“I’d rather you kept your clothes on,” she said.  “Stay dressed."
Shit, what?  The blood in Glen's veins vaporized.  He was up for absolutely anything in the world but this.  Stay dressed –– how did that work?
“Something the matter?” she asked tenderly.
Something was the matter.  And it was inconsiderate to ask so point blank and put him on the spot.  Glen lay down stiffly and Doris slid over.
“I’m a nervous person,” he said.
“Nervous?”
“I guess I’m just having trouble.”
“Rub it on me.”
Glen didn't move a muscle, once more dumbfounded by her instructions.  First she asked him to keep his clothes on and now this.  Indecipherable love talk?  Indecipherable, all right.
Her moaning irritated him, came across as faked.  Her buttocks ground against him rhythmically, but he softened until finally she mashed him flaccid.
A hand drew him down, “Closer.”
Down further?  This position threw him off completely.
Don't be shocked.  Just do what you can.
“Here.  There.  There.”
To his relief, Doris took charge and her fingers were pure magic.  Her manipulation produced a hungry erection: locate and jam home!  Yet he knew that while he was eager to gun it, she'd be expecting more of a slow hand.  Was she by now aware this was his first time?
Her breasts pressed against his eyelids, which ruined him again.  He wanted to curse, to scream!  He remembered Doris striding across the plaza earlier that day.  A Doris so voluptuous, so magnificent, he'd wanted her so badly; but the reality of sex was far from straightforward and it was agony to think he might disappoint.  That despite all the woman that she was, Doris Keppler still wasn't enough to get him to overcome himself.  What the fuck did it take?
The grind of her pelvis.
Like trying to poke through clay.
Doris lay down beside him.  No more directions were forthcoming.  Rolling onto her back, she stared up at the ceiling and sighed.  No, no, don't start that!  Glen needed her never to waver.  Don't ever give up, he wanted to tell her.  It was crucial to give it another go.
“Should we try again later?” he asked.
“What can you possibly be thinking?”
They weren't communicating properly.  Words might help, if they didn't hinder.
Doris was breathing heavily: sobbing!
“It’s been a long time,” Glen said, “I’m out of sync.”
But there had been no last time; anxiety was his mistress.
Glen saw himself as a useless lump on the bed.  He had no idea what his next move should be.  What an awful awful let down this was turning into!
A few minutes passed.  Doris let him caress her cheeks, gently hand-comb her argent hair.  It saddened him to think how he'd wrecked everything.  But might they not remove their clothes and go all the way?  Naked skin was the solution; yet he hesitated to ask, afraid to spoil that too.
“I’ve been alone for a long time,” he began to say.  “I’m such a terrible klutz in bed, but you’re amazing.  Really amazing.”
“I’m chunky,” Doris countered flatly.
The crying continued unabated.  Glen loathed himself for reducing Doris to this: what irony that she should be the one feeling inadequate.  When she was perfect, just his type!
He undid the zipper on her slacks.
Doris arched to fit his body, still willing.
Glen's puff of an orgasm came soon.

****

Glen awoke and rolled on his back, the unfamiliar walls and ceiling startling him at first.  Doris was suddenly up and across the room, as if his shifting body had caused a starting pistol to go off.  Half dressed, barefoot and barelegged she whisked out the bedroom door.  Their lovemaking had been a mess of mislaid limbs and fumbling around, he recollected.  All mainly his fault too.  His muddle-headedness during the act was embarrassing and he was glad to have a moment to himself –– and to think he'd always predicted his first time with a woman would be a deliberate, step-by-step affair.  Instead, the lovemaking had struck quite out of the blue, dictating all the terms.
He hadn't seen the sex coming.  He'd thought the evening would be spent talking and learning more about Doris Keppler.  Afterwards he'd be given the sofa to sleep on.
The moon shone meekly through the blinds.
What do women do after sex?
It was nearly four o'clock.
Glen reviewed their lovemaking.  Cupping her breasts had been immense, the wet tear under her wiry tangle hard to think about.  There was that disastrous foreplay: stressful but anyway over and done with for the time being.  Stop fretting over it and try to learn from it.  What was the most basic thing he'd lacked in bed: an imagination, a grasp of female geography?
The bedsheets smelled of semen.  He'd unloaded a dose of himself into the fleshly casing of another person.  Into the velvety sheath Doris had walked away with.  Quite likely she was dealing with matters right now in the washroom.  In a novel he'd read it was called a douche.
“Hello, Doris?”
The door was locked.  That was a surprise.
“Is something the matter?”
Glen spread his hands flat on the door, testing the wood's thickness.  The idea of negotiating sex's aftermath daunted him, so more than anything he hoped Doris –– who had to know more about these things than he did –– would take the lead.  But above all, he wanted to go home now.  It was just best for him that way.  There he could digest everything that had happened, seek guidance from the conclusions drawn, and return to Doris more self-assured.
“The door's locked, Doris.”
There was motion on the other side of the door.  Glen heard feet, the nearness of body weight, and instinctively took a step back.
Doris bust in furiously.
Swinging her weapon, she clobbered Glen on the shoulder.
“Fuck!  Doris!”
She hit him as he tried to dodge.  She hit him as he crawled on hands and knees between the bed and the wall, striking his femur and hip bone and ribs.  Glen shoved his entire head under the bed to protect the fragile skull from whatever else was coming.  This still left the length of his body and legs open to further attack: the metal thing, a cooking pot, landed repeatedly on his hip, although by now her strength was rapidly waning.
The pot landed on the kitchen floor outside.
She'd chucked it, it was over.
Glen rose from the bedside.  He had no idea how badly hurt he was, but badly: especially the bone in his shoulder from that tremendous first blow.  Wincing, sipping air through clenched teeth, he gathered his clothes.  He dressed slowly with the one good arm:
“Goddamned cunt!  Unfuckingbelievable!”
This Doris bitch was a fucking predator!  She'd been raped and had lost her mind.  Now every male was her rapist.  She hated all men and targeted the most vulnerable to abuse.  Doris kept an eye out for obvious losers and seduced them with a lot of jumbled but intriguing signals, before beating them in a violent rage.  She lived for the brutal coda that for her consummated intimacy in bed: revenge and punishment.
“If she comes at me again!”
He'd bust her face open, show no mercy.
Yanking his belt out of its loops, Glen imagined punching Doris.  Wrapping it around his fist, he planned to slug her in the mouth: cut lip, bashed in teeth, a bloody sight.  If she came at him with another kitchen utensil, a carving knife, a meat fork, that's what he'd do.
Silence, he was alone:
Make a break for it.
The front door was wide open.  Glen walked up the street to where his car was parked, his shoulder aching from the snugness of his shirt.  The bone had to be broken, the shoulder socket shattered, as Doris put every ounce of her strength into that first swing.  But slamming the car door shut, a fragment of what had occurred was jarred loose from Glen's memory.  He recalled the dull-metal cooking pot coming down on him in the bedroom's dim lighting; Doris's eyes glowing not with berserk rage, but with fear.  She'd feared him.
Behind the wheel, Glen picked a direction and drove.  On a residential street three blocks away, he spotted Doris Keppler in pajamas, a rose-patterned bathrobe, and yellow sneakers: a mad woman storming down the gravel shoulder.  What would the local deviants and perverts make of a lone woman roaming about in a getup like that?  Glen tailed her in the car, headlights on low beam, hoping she'd run out of steam and turn home soon.  Hoping no cops showed up to hassle her, to humiliate her, though Whalley should be a place full of police.
Poor Doris was a fucked-up defective like him.  He'd see her home and deal with any deadbeat motherfucker who dared come up to her.
Glen’s upper lip trembled, his throat tightened:
Us damaged, misfit fuck-ups gotta stick together.

****

The injured shoulder ached if Glen raised the arm even slightly, so he rested it carefully on his lap.  But steering single-armed he was unable to drive very far.
Breakfast wouldn't be served anywhere at this hour.  Glen decided to wait it out until sunrise, turning into a mini-mall's parking lot on the corner of the highway.  To his relief, there was nobody nearby picking cigarette butts up off the sidewalk or digging through garbage bins.  On the curbside, where the Whalley streetwalkers were known to peddle their flesh beside the rush of traffic, there wasn't a soul to be seen.  Where was the show this area was notorious for, the theater of the destitute that made such a scene?  It seemed the streets here were dormant prior to sunrise.  The night's drama having spent itself, its participants lay curled up under bedcovers, or inside cardboard boxes as the case may be, until the morning got fully underway.
For the time being, his car –– so conspicuously washed and waxed, so worth stealing –– wasn't attracting any unwanted attention.  Why not grab a little shut-eye?  Glen checked the doors were locked and heaved himself sideways to the passenger's seat, the stabbing pain in his shoulder feeling like the iron tip of a harpoon wedged into bone and ligament.  In the driver's seat finding a pain-free sitting position wasn't possible, but the drawback now was it'd be impossible to speed off at a moment's notice.  And if some deadbeat staggered up to the side of the car?
Glen pictured a vagrant peering into the car, an obscene gapped-toothed grin.  He imagined himself hissing: Shoo, go away, shoo!  That would be just like him.
His thoughts turned to Doris Keppler.  Having followed her home, Glen had watched Doris open her front gate and march up the steps, fists balled up at her sides, resembling a no-shit alter ego from next door who had come to give herself a stern talking to.  The getup she wore –– nice touch those yellow sneakers –– betrayed a wretchedness which scorned the impression she so liked to create with her boutique dresses and sheeny leather boots.  Have no fear, this is our little secret, Glen assured her.  I'll tuck this unflattering image away and never think of it again.  Not to would hardly be fair to a poor soul trying to be more than someone's comedy.
Waiting to fall asleep in the car, Glen realized he'd been right.  He'd just needed to take a step back and now here it was dawning on him.  It was incredible: an extraordinary beauty emerging from what had seemed utterly unsalvageable before, the crash-and-burn in Doris's bed.  The sorry mishap of their lovemaking had become revelation; it was what spring and flowers in blossom had been singing out his entire life, and now he'd found a voice of his own, a holler of joy, in the riotous chorus.  Sex with Doris Keppler was flowers, it was rainbow colors.  Lying voluptuously naked with her had booted wide open the doors of love.
However, not an atom of joy had he discerned in Doris, not a moment of joy had she ever known; yet she was trying desperately to find it, feel it, first with the rest of the world and now with him and him alone.  He was the chosen one, the man she'd invited in after giving up on everything and everyone else.  And she was asking only for what was fair, what was her due after experiencing first-hand the worst that mankind had to offer.  Because nobody behaved the way she did without having undergone some form of unspeakable horror in the past.
Doris wanted a taste –– even just a tangy drop on the tip of her tongue –– of what made life worth living.  Doris wanted the world to redeem itself just a shade.  She was adamant and it was his duty to make sure it happened for her, this one all-important thing that might turn her life around.  For she'd chosen him, and she'd awakened him, and he'd never let her down.
Doris, his one and only.

****

In the dream, Glen kept thinking it was even scarier now that he was out of sight and the incident behind him, at the other end of a long umbilical road.  What had he seen that was so frightening?  Something he needed to understand.  The girl in town had stood out from the crowd of people on the sidewalk, as conspicuously parentless as a stray cat or dog; meanwhile, her eyes keeping nothing in as well as holding nothing back, because children suffered for their secrets.  Glen watched her through the mingle of passing pedestrians, always from a distance of two or three parked cars, or one or two storefronts along the busy street.
Then an adult appeared, his hand outstretched, and reassurance displacing concern.  Only there was the same black hat, black suit and shoes, and the clean-shaven, unbeaten face when the townsfolk there all looked like farmers in their overalls and wearing tractor caps –– that Glen could single out the black hat like he'd done the girl moments earlier involved him and the girl in a shared plot, a private drama staged right under the eyes of an unobservant audience, making what the man was and who the girl was trying to flee seem unreal.
Afterwards, Glen stood at the window.  As if responding to a faraway bugle cry, his eyes journeyed down that solitary dirt road.  He half-expected to see Black Hat again, only this time hand in hand with her, paying him a surprise visit in the old house in the countryside.  But there wasn't any of that, just a long row of telephone poles reminding him of the lamp posts he'd seen the missing girl posters on, all around the neighborhood, which he'd shredded in spaghetti strips and sprinkled in the garbage can so Martha would never get a hold of them.

****

Doris's front yard wasn't too bad a sight.  The morning's daylight didn't betray any ugly secrets.  Glen envisioned Doris Keppler in her long bathrobe and runners handling the mower and dumping the bag of clippings onto the compost heap; making neat circuits to and fro across the uneven lawn.  Although he'd yet to see the rest of the yard back behind the house, he bet there was a garden shed with a small mower inside, gassed up and ready to roll.  One thing he might start doing for Doris was cut the grass every week, thus saving her the sweat and toil.  In his thoughts, Glen envisioned a whole stream of chores he could take over for her and loving gestures to perform.  Making your lover's day to day less of a grind was part of the sweetness of love.
“I'm here for my timepiece.”
Glen hid the thumping pain in his shoulder and hip bone –– and hopefully she hadn't been peeking through the blinds as he limped up the front steps.  The assault earlier that morning was not to become a distraction.  The attack was ancient history.  It was important to start afresh from a different place, because they were on a different footing now.
Doris's lips were bloodless.  Her nose a narrow blade.
“I left my watch by the bed,” Glen said.  “Could I please have it back?”
His size filled the doorway: he meant Doris to see that her beating hadn't reduced or weakened him.  The image of him naked and shrinking from her blows, jamming himself under the bed, had to be forgotten.  The message he wanted to convey was that he was plenty strong enough to be there for her from now on, which was the reason he'd returned.
She retreated towards the bedroom and Glen traced her steps into the hall.  He entered the kitchen to the right and took a seat at the table, his back to the sliding glass door.  The room was either remarkably barren, or all neat and spick and span, depending on how you looked at it.  On the laminate countertop, wiped to a fresh hockey-rink shine, a polished toaster sat next to a breadbox.  Two diamond-shaped potholders hung from tiny brass hooks above the oven.  The sink and faucets appeared to have been installed only yesterday.  Everything was pretty, orderly, a coverup.
Doris spent five long minutes in the bedroom.  Bedding was flung on the floor, the bed itself dragged from the wall.  The banging about grew louder as she became more worried, and Glen was sorry to put her through a futile search.  Claiming to have forgetten his watch was the only ploy he'd been able to think of to get inside the house.  "What am I going to tell him?" she was probably muttering under her breath, as she frantically upended the room.  He wanted to shout, Hey, you can just forget it, the watch is right here in my pocket!
Finally, Glen saw her rush past the kitchen towards the front door.  She caught sight of him in mid-step, out of the corner of her eye: face ashen, a child-specter's eyes.
Glen said, “It's possible I've been dreaming about you.”
Doris crumbled to the floor.  On her hands and knees, she began to bawl –– searching for a ring or paper clip, it looked like, a woman demented with grief, composure stripped away and long sheets of hair sweeping the tiles.  The human wreckage was too much for Glen to take in so suddenly.  Shouldn't he go comfort her?  But he was too stunned to move.  A hailstorm of nonsensical images pelted him, releasing him from the misery in plain view.  Glen saw Doris, in her fluffy robe, as a theater curtain that had slipped its brass rungs and fallen with a clothy thrumpf to the stage; he saw her keel over and lament a loved one who had perished in a faraway land; she was a Victorian maid servant scrubbing at the linoleum with the hem of her dress –– out of some Dickens classic he'd read in university?
It was help she was asking for: help!  Glen dove forward and gathered Doris in his arms.  Together they collapsed to the floor once again, into and onto one another, their arms seeking and embracing like two drunken wrestlers: hers over his good shoulder and squeezing tight his ribs, his around her neck and fleshy waist.  Soon the crying petered out, becoming instead soft, mucousy snorts, and Doris began to babble.  Glen sat listening to what the matter was from beginning to end: Not a wink of sleep for nights on end.  Fear of prison after spending so much irrecoverable time in captivity already.  The circumstances surrounding Russell's death: claiming it'd been an accident, screaming she didn't know how it'd happened.
Doris had to be terribly insane.  She'd visited him in Vancouver, and yesterday met him in a coffee shop, all the while living with murder on her hands.  At times she actually believed that Russell had jilted her and cruelly left her all alone.  At times that Russell had jumped in the Fraser River and been washed up dead on its banks.  He was just missing.  Gone somewhere.
Glen wanted to say the sweetest thing:
I will always love you.
“What have you done with his body?” he asked.
“Don't worry.  I know what to do,” she sniffled.
“What's that?”
“The smell and the rest of it.”
Oh, fuck!

****

Later that day, after nightfall, Glen unlocked the door to the basement and entered for the first time since he'd rented it out to Justin Wheeler one year ago.  He recalled the cream necktie Justin wore the day he'd come by, the two of them shaking hands, the feeling of optimism.  Back then he'd considered himself lucky to have found such an ideal tenant; in retrospect it probably would have been better to rent to somebody else.  Justin had led to Bill Decker, and Bill Decker to Japan, and what a whole lot of pointless lunacy and suffering that had stirred up.
The light switch was inside the door and Glen flipped it on.  Crossing the living room, he saw the classical guitar where Bill had left it, upright against the inside wall.  Surely Bill wouldn't actually abandon this lovely instrument and not return for it: so then what was the bastard up to?  Planning to sneak back one night and make off with it?  Biding his time, knowing he could rely on that sucker of a landlord to hang onto the thing no matter what?  Glen half-wanted to smash the guitar to pieces –– one good baseball swing against the back stairs would do it.
Doing a quick walk-through, Glen located Justin's belongings boxed up in the bedroom closet.  A few sundry items plus several dozen academic books that for the most part looked new and unused.  One was a history of the ancient Han dynasty; another about modern China, after the reign of Chairman Mao.  There was a source book on Chinese thought, an anthology of poetry, and a study on recently unearthed Chinese bamboo manuscripts.  All told, the collection had a value of hundreds of dollars, easy.  But this discovery came as no surprise in light of Justin's original plan to return at the start of the school year.  Before Bill appeared on the scene and ruined everything.
Beneath the bed was a second cardboard box.  Sure enough, Bill's miscellaneous stuff: a few textbooks, a Mandarin-English dictionary, a set of keys, and a handful of pens bound together with elastic.  Glen recognized a pair of ratty old sneakers he'd sometimes seen on Bill's feet.
They'd be back, those two, eventually.  Only their gullible landlord would be long gone.  A last look around was Glen's way to say farewell to the place and everything that had happened to him over the course of the last twelve months.  It wouldn't take long to grab a few changes of clothing, the money, and go.  Best get back to Doris as soon as possible.  He feared an episode of paranoia: Doris regretting she'd put so much trust in a man who she barely knew.  Although she'd calmed down by the time he'd left her, you couldn't blame her if a few doubts arose.  He envisaged one scenario in particular: afraid that he'd return with the police, Doris plucks up the courage to take flight without him.  How would he ever track her down then?
Inside, he scooped coffee powder into the percolator and added water.  A quick cup of his favorite dark roast then straight back to Whalley.  Tonight he and Doris were going to watch some boring television and attempt to normalize their situation –– make like nothing had happened.  Yes, a couple of sit-coms, maybe an old movie, postponing all of their big decisions until tomorrow morning.  Stepping to the counter, Glen took a teaspoon from the tray in the cutlery drawer.  He also removed a long carving knife without clearly knowing why: To take with him because he sure as hell wouldn't let the police or anybody else lay a hand on Doris?  Because Doris had murdered his friend and, creepily, slept for days under the same roof as the corpse?  So far he'd been too timid to ask how she knew about taking care of dead bodies ––he'd only just got to know Doris, it was too soon to hit her with a question like that.
While waiting for the coffee, Glen took the shoe box down from its spot high in the closet and set it on the kitchen table.  Under the layer of nuts and bolts, nails and washers, was a wad of cash.  It was his secret and previously untouched stash of emergency funds.  There were three thousand dollars altogether, and he began counting it out on the table top.
Then, “I'll have a cup of that,” the voice said.
The slat of light cast forth from the kitchen fell short of the speaker's feet, instead illuminating one side of the television and the living room curtains to the right.  Glen stepped into the doorway, walling off some of the lightfall, and leaned against the doorjamb.  He made out just enough of the dark silhouette to suffer from it being there: his windpipe responded with tautness and his chest at once seemed clogged with cobwebs.  Martha was no doubt sizing him up, assessing first impressions.  She'd been spying on him the whole time.
“Come to think of it, never mind,” Martha said, “I had enough on the plane and another cup would only upset my stomach.”
“I'll gladly make you one.  It's not a problem.”
Martha didn't bother replying: she loathed reiteration.  She expected people to believe whatever she said the first time she said it.
Glen was insulted: “How long have you been sitting there?”
“I've been resting after my flight.”
Another pause –– this line of conversation was doomed, as well.  Let's cut the ridiculous small talk and get down to business, Martha seemed to be saying.
“I've been sitting here watching my son,” she said.  “Watching my son in action –– a man of action, as they say.  You move quickly when you set your mind to it.  But then you were born in the year of the rabbit, am I right? So you're a rabbit: hopping fast when you need to be.”
Derision was one of the eyeteeth in Martha's fangs: Go fuck yourself, mom.  But for the moment, caught off guard, Glen felt himself falter.  His anger ballooned into something nearly all-consuming, but he also experienced a sickening dismay confronted with his mother.  He'd been torn from one imperative, the need to hurry back to Doris and handle the situation there, to another: Martha seated here in front of him and obviously going nowhere.
“I hate to embarrass you with the question, but what are you up to Glen?  Where did all that money come from, for one thing, and where is it going?  Are you about to go on a trip?”
Glen glared back: “I have nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“Naturally, as a grown man, you don't require my approval to do anything.  However, I'm not sure the same applies when it comes to my money,” Martha said calmly, secure in the knowledge that she never lost these parleys with her son.  “Don't I have a say when what's at stake happens to be my money?  I'm the one who earned it, after all.”
“I'm not sneaking around.  These are my savings.”
“Fine –– Glen, you knew I'd eventually be coming to check on you.  Things must either be going well or you've been withholding something from me, and judging from the suspicious behavior I'll bet on the latter.”
“I'm doing things my way this time.  That's all.”
“So tell me, exactly what things,” Martha asked, “and what way are you proposing to do them?  Stop forcing me to ask all these damned questions!”
“Go right ahead and stop asking them then.  Believe me, you have my permission,” Glen shot back –– God, hadn't he used those very words back when he was a teenager?
Obscure except in partial outline, Martha straightened up in the armchair:
“You're hurt.  What happened?”
You couldn't fool mothers.  She'd noticed the pain whispering its presence in his movements.  But her concern only served to turn Glen's thoughts back to Doris Keppler: Doris at this very minute standing at the window, wondering if she should expect her lover to stride through the gate or a squad of RCMP officers.  It wasn't right to leave her in the lurch.  It wouldn't do to make her worry.  He'd promised that kind of thing was all behind her now.
“Actually, I've never been better,” he replied.
“Let me at least pretend I'm dealing with a grown up.  If you wanted to choose the time and place to see me, you should have put yourself on a plane and come out to visit.  That way you could have walked in on me while I was in the middle of doing something –– I dunno, what are mothers supposed to be doing just before they're interrupted?  Baking a pie maybe?”
Silence seemed the best response.  Glen was at a loss for words anyway: surprised to have his mother here in the house meddling in his life and wasting his time, while over in Whalley Doris required his undivided care and attention.  Any and all obstacles separating him from her had to be eliminated.
“Can't a mother even inquire about her son's well-being?  You never used to hide your aches and pains from me.”
“Okay, I had a run-in with a woman and got the worst of it.”
Now Martha pitched forward, laughing.
The tinsel of saliva.  Hair in stiff, wiry coils.
“That'd be my boy,” she said, “or rather Colin's.  Nobody's ever gotten the better of me, not in all those years of dealing with rowdy tenants, staring down disasters one after another.  But your father was pushed down a flight of stairs once, and once someone hit him in the face with a wine bottle.  He seemed to have a weakness that asked for it.”
Getting the better of Martha was like getting the better of a jagged edge of glass. Conversation with her usually went nowhere, it went where she took it.  And she wasn't about to let him just walk out the door and leave her here.
“I wish I knew what to do with you –– and I know that sounds like any mother carping about her child, but you truly exasperate me.  I can run a dozen buildings in three different cities, have a hand in managing the lives of hundreds of tenants, but there are things I can't do for you, aren't there.  With you it's always been a case of too much boy in the man, no matter how hard I've tried to drive that little boy out!”
In the poor light, Glen could make out the neck of the lamp craning over the armchair and the pleat-like creases of the curtains; but not his father's oil painting hanging on the wall: the serendipity of events, his mother traveling thousands of miles to arrive when she did, to witness what she did, and now the painting suggesting a solution too nuanced, too hazy, for him to comprehend fully.  But as long as he held onto the thread of meaning he'd been given, knotted it around his little finger –– some message about Adam and Eve, an inchoate notion concerning reversal.  One of his father's paintings was finally speaking to him!
Glen sensed a stop inside him lift.  Rage unfolded into a pair of room-wide wings that beat the air, swatted cups and vases off their surfaces, and knocked wall-bound objects askew; each feather was a razor, double-edged, scratching and slashing what it touched.
Rage.  It was freedom.
Martha didn't notice –– or she didn't read the signs correctly: “I'm not going to be around forever, you know, to keep you in functioning order.  You must see that.”
“I'm not a broken machine,” Glen replied.  “And lately I've started thinking you're more of a burden to me than anything else.  I think I've outgrown you after all these years.”
“You've no further use for me?  Then hand over my money.”
“How does it feel?  To be free of me.”
“It feels like I'm talking to my little boy again.”
Martha's thick hide, it was incredible; she was as tough as they came.  “Look, I've been thinking about the ranch,” she said.  “It's not a bad time to sell and we could use the money as capital to get you started off.  You'd just need to steel yourself for dealing with real estate people, but I'd give you a hand with that.  I'd counsel you in the very beginning.  It was probably a mistake to sell everything like I did, and I should've pushed you a bit more, but you're so delicate.”
“I've got other plans,” Glen answered, “that have nothing to do with you.”
Martha sneered, “Well, he talks like a big man –– or anyway likes to talk like one,” and Glen decided those were the last words he'd listen to her say.  He crossed the floor and drove the carving knife into her ribs, thin and fragile like the wicker grates of a bird cage.  His mother expired in a soft, dry cough, and Glen let her first tumble into his embrace, then onto the carpet where she lay small and lifeless: a dog curled up in a nap.  Glen noticed the brown stain on the armchair which the defecation left.  Dead people and their obscene habits.
The oil painting on the wall.  Adam cowering under God's timeless fury, both apologizing and trying to pass the buck.  Eve the more resigned of the two.
It was down to the two of them now.

****

The smoke rose like a swirling dust-devil: it was a funeral pyre upside-down.  Martha had been laid out on the mucky pool floor, her body doused with gasoline, then buried under shingled layers of Colin's oil paintings.  Then that had been lit.  Glen continued making quick trips inside the pool house to get more canvases and back outside to toss them on the flames, all the while his thoughts fixed on his lover asleep in bed.  She was regaining her strength at long last.
Doris had been a little shaken when he got back to Whalley, although not nearly as rattled as he'd feared.  Over the course of the day, she'd become more composed which had to be considered a promising sign.  She didn't object to going to an unknown destination in the middle of the night; she napped all the way to the ranch and upon arrival was fine with the idea of not knowing where she was.  Gone, for now at least, was her fear of unforeseen disaster and being far from home.  An indication of nascent wellness?  Why not be hopeful?
In the rec room, Glen lifted two paintings off the stack and held them at eye level.  A couple of Renaissance masterpieces, one by the great Caravaggio, the other a lesser talent; a classic still life and a Cupid asleep on silken bedcovers.  Both canvases were destined for the flames, however, because Glen didn't want to ever be hamstrung by what was and those who had been.  Courage, he was starting to realize, was related to maintaining lean mental fitness.  Things often happened very fast but for sound reasons: don't overthink them.  Spur of the moment, self-composed aphorisms such as this were at the heart of his new strategy.  At the foundation of what to do next.
Circulating Glen's thoughts were other matters too.  Russell, his best friend, was dead.  Not unpredictably, with the extraordinary events of the last two days, Russell's death was still remote and unexplored.  But the grief and heartbreak had to be in him somewhere; he would patiently await its inevitable discharge.  The confession that morning –– Doris's, after she'd finished crying and they'd eaten breakfast –– had been more of a mad ramble than a clear disclosure of facts.  Yet from the sounds of it, she'd liked Russell quite a lot.  She definitely hadn't hated him.
The violence came as a shock even to her.
Murderess –– the word creeped up on him.
In the firelight, the smoke's sinewy trail writhed upwards into the pitch dark, like an eel slithering through a bog.  Martha's body had been as light as a bail of hay.  That woman, who represented such a formidable force in his life, had been cast aside with very little effort in the end.  Was it simply because the time was right?  What was the reason he'd killed her then: to rid himself of the burden, to show Doris what he was capable of?  Now he had blood on his hands too: did the act of matricide suggest a pact between them, a guarantee of fidelity?  Was it a truce of sorts?
Doris better not think he was a pushover.
She'd better think twice.
Glen turned towards the pool house as Doris appeared in the doorway.  Her breasts, the rise of her stomach; her heavy hips tapering down to thighs and strong calves.  In the gloom, she was a gypsum fertility goddess: robust, rolls of flesh, yet a nimble barefoot tread.
“Could someone see us out here?”
She held Glen around the waist.  They gazed at the fire.
“There is a whole wood between this clearing and the road.”
Doris squeezed him tighter.  Glen rested his hand on her hip, and her skin was as smooth as the sight of it had promised.  Its warmth from lying under the covers would soon be shed.
“How about joining me?” she asked.
“Me strip?  It's bloody cold.”
“I'm not cold.  There's the fire.”
Regardless, Glen knew he would be cold.
But fuck it!
A rush of exuberance.
Simple, heady love.
Salvation was his, right here and now.  Only there was the little matter of paying for it.  Not today, not tomorrow; nevertheless sooner rather than later.
He removed his sweater and shirt.  Doris snatched the clothes and flung them on the flames, the sag on her arms and breasts shimmering in the hot glow.  She shouted, “Let's get a good look at you!” as he scolded playfully, “Hey, those were my good jeans!”
Just barely did he rescue his wallet and keys.
They cried in laughter.
And among the trees, two hidden lovers beckoning.

§§§§

Thank you for reading this novel.
You can find me online:

Facebook
Blog
Smashwords

The cover art is by Scott Hutchinson
