Finding November
J. E. Dyer



Published by Joshua Dyer



Copyright 2014
Joshua Dyer




Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1


Sarah Daniels walked down the main hallway of Liberty High with her best friends in tow. Her waves of auburn hair hid her sky-blue eyes. As they hurried to history class, the big blue ‘Congrats class of ’93’ banner strung from the ceiling rippled in their wake.
“Just six more months,” Tanya said, shaking with excitement. She brushed her long blonde bangs behind her right ear. “Then we’re seniors.”
Sarah looked past the peeling paint on the old walls to the banner as they passed under it. “Yeah – I can’t wait.” 
“Why so glum, chum?” Annie asked from Sarah’s left. 
Annie’s perky tone made Sarah smile. Even back in grade school, she had been the corny type of personality that could pull your spirits back from the darkest pit of despair. Annie’s dark red curls bounced around her fair features. 
“Dunno.” Sarah glanced toward her and quickly lowered her eyes back to the floor. “Just not looking forward to history, I guess.”
Annie’s emerald gaze studied her as they wove around a gaggle of students in the main hall. Sarah sensed Annie’s motherly instincts probing her for the truth. 
“Eh,” Annie said, jabbing an elbow into Sarah’s arm. “I can’t stand that dry crap either.”
“So,” Tanya said, changing the subject, “wanna come out to the mall with us tonight, Sarah?”
She shook her head keeping her eyes on the heart pattern in her sweater. “I can’t.”
“Lemmie guess,” Annie said, “homework.” She drug out the word, sounding more like a foghorn than anything. 
“It’s not just that, Anne --”
“God, Sarah,” Annie said. “When are you gonna live a little?”
“Yeah,” Tanya said, tossing an arm around her neck. “There’s more to life than those books.” 
“Such as?” Sarah asked in her own defense. 
Tanya shrugged and slid her purse up on her shoulder. “Well, there’s boys, and shopping – and boys!”
All three of them broke out in laughter. 
“And you say I’ve got a one-track mind.” Sarah shifted her stack of books and binders. 
“It’s the only track that matters,” Tanya said, turning her blue eyes to the ceiling tiles. 
A small cluster formed ahead of them in front of the red lockers. A husky senior loomed over his much smaller prey. The boy’s blue and white letterman’s jacket gave away his anonymity. 
“Where do you think you’re goin’ you little freak?” The boy’s white leather sleeves swung out to impede the progress of the frail black girl. 
“Please,” she pleaded, “I just want to get to class.” 
“Oh, God.” Annie whispered in Sarah’s ear. “It’s Chet Brown – again.”
The crowd of other flannel-clad grunge-heads and jacket-toting jocks formed a human barrier around the helpless freshman. 
“Please,” the girl repeated in a squeaky tone. She pushed her thick glasses up the bridge of her small nose. 
“Nobody wants your kind here, freak,” Chet said, glaring at her through his maniacal green eyes. “Why don’t you go back to wherever it is you came from?”
“Leave her alone, Chet,” Annie said, shoving a flannel longhair aside. 
The girl seized the opportunity and scurried out of the ring down the hall to safety. Sarah’s stern glare met Chet’s predatory eyes. 
“What are you lookin’ at?” Chet slapped the sleeve of another of his linebacker buddies. “C’mon, Mike. Let’s get to class.” 
“God,” Tanya said, stomping a heel into the tile floor. “What an asshole.” 
Sarah glared at the copper-haired brute. One of these days. 
“He’ll likely end up on the back of a garbage truck after graduation anyway.” Annie trotted to catch up to Sarah as she turned toward the door to Mr. Leckner’s history class. 
The fourth period bells resounded down the corridors of Liberty beckoning all to their seats. The girls walked into class and took up their usual places around one another near the archaic windows. 
“Good morning, everyone,” Mr. Leckner said. He stood nearly as tall as the blackboard that he cleared with an eraser. His long bony arm eradicated the remnants of the prior period’s discussion in a single swath. “Ready to see how you did on yesterday’s quiz?”
A collective grumble came in response. Leckner swept his gray bangs out of his glasses and strode over to his small wooden desk. “Let’s get to it, then.” 
He picked up a manila folder and walked around the room. “Jack,” he said handing a paper back to the small boy at the end of Sarah’s row, “The Puritans came to America, not the Purifiers.” The class chuckled as he continued disseminating their results. 
Annie pecked Sarah’s sleeve with the end of her pen. “Movie – tonight?” she mouthed. 
Sarah shook her head. “Can’t,” she said in silence. 
“There you go, Amy,” Mr. Leckner said, placing a sheet of notebook paper on the girls’ desk. “C-plus. Needs improving.” 
“Come on,” Annie mouthed, showing her disgust. 
Sarah dropped her defeated stare to the legs of her seat. 
“Sarah,” Mr. Leckner said, handing back her quiz. “Aces as usual. Well done.”
“Thank you.” 
“Annie,” he said, passing the sheet over Sarah’s head, “if you’d spend as much time with your nose in your book as you did in other people’s business, you just might pass my class.” 
Annie huffed and snapped the top of her paper toward Sarah. A large red D glared from the sheet’s upper right corner. Annie slammed the paper back down on her desktop and crossed her arms. 
“See, Sarah,” Tanya whispered, leaning in over her desk. “You deserve a break. You get A’s all the time.” 
“All right, class,” Leckner said, tossing the folder onto his desk. “Today we’re going to discuss your semester projects.” 
“No way,” a perturbed jock in the back corner said. “That sucks.”
“Yes way, Mr. Allmon,” Leckner said, picking up a piece of chalk. “Whether it sucks or not is entirely up to you.” 
He scribbled the word ‘genealogy’ on the board and turned to the class. “You will have the remainder of this year to research one family member – other than a parent – and write a report on them.”
Several utterances of disgust and angst fluttered around the room. 
“Hey,” Leckner said, “I’m giving you guys six months to do this. Stop whining.” He jotted down the highlights of his instructions as he spoke. “They will need to be a minimum – that’s minimum, Mr. Allmon – of five pages double-spaced. Properly cite all of your references, blah, blah, blah – you know the rest.” He set the chalk down and walked back over to his chair. “I want your topics turned in by the end of next week.” 
 Great, Sarah thought branding the instructions into her notebook with her pencil. Just what I need right now. 
“Okay.” Leckner thunked his copy of the textbook down and flipped through its pages, “let’s turn to chapter fourteen and start the next lesson.”
Sarah’s eyes scanned the pages, but her mind drifted off to the mountain of chores she’d face when she got back home. Her mom got put on mid-shifts again, and that translated into a small hummock of dirty laundry to tote across the street from their cramped apartment among other things. 
I hope she left me enough change in the cup to do the full basket this time. Her mom worked hard to provide for them, and Sarah realized it. Scrubbing toilets up in Clarksburg corporate buildings for a few hundred bucks a week motivated Sarah to stay focused on college. I’ll have to nuke something up in the microwave again, and then settle in with an hour of my friends in Beverly Hills. 
“Come on, Sarah,” Annie said, tugging on her sweater. 
“Hmm?” A tingling sensation radiated from the back of her neck. 
The bell stopped ringing as Annie stood up from her desk. “I’m starving. Let’s go.” 
“Sorry.” Sarah gathered her belongings and trailed behind Annie and Tanya as the class filed out the door. 
A young man flattened down his blond cowlick and strode toward her locker as Sarah stacked her books inside. 
“Hey, Sarah,” he said, remaining on the other side of the door. 
“Hi, Collin.” She grabbed her small crocheted purse and unzipped it. 
“Mind if I join you for lunch?” 
She shut the locker door and zipped her small bag. “I don’t know if…” His big blue eyes found hers. They had a way of melting her into a puddle of goo. “Sure, I guess.” 
“Hi, Collin.” Annie scooted behind him and silent-clapped excitedly. Her patented big grin covered most of her face. 
The aroma of pizza intermingled with tacos as they inched through the line deeper into the cafeteria. 
“So,” Collin said running his hand through his dusty blond mop. “I was wondering if you’d like to come to my recital later tonight.”
Sarah tossed a pain-soaked smile at him. “I’m sorry.”
“Got another date,” he said. “I understand.”
“No, it’s not that,” she said, stuffing her sweaty hands into her pockets, “tonight’s just not a very good night for me.” 
“Oh.” Collin’s tone perked up. “How about we make a rain check for some other time?”
The blood heated her youthful cheeks. “Sure. That would be great.”
Annie tugged her sleeve and pointed at the trays of food coming out the other side of the line. “Looks pretty good…”
Her friend’s words blurred into the sound her tape deck made when it got jammed. The murmur of the crowd faded into the growing void and Sarah’s vision went black. Her head collided with the cool tiles on the floor with bruising force giving rise to a cloud of colorful stars. Every muscle in her body clenched before the emptiness completely consumed her. 
Chapter 2


The TV on the wall slowly faded into focus. Sarah sat up on her bed and rubbed the knot on the back of her skull. Several small tubes and IVs had been taped to the back of her hand and right forearm. 
“What happened?” The dryness in the back of her throat made it challenging to speak. 
A blonde bimbo clung to a cookie-cutter hunk in the soap opera. The couple stood helpless in a massive hole on a deserted island debating their melodramatic demise. Sarah gingerly turned toward the tall windows beside her bed. The sun’s intensity amplified the dull throbbing that radiated from her concussion. 
“Think they’ll ever get off that dumb island?” The nurse strode across the floor in silence toward the IV drip. Her black ponytail bobbed on the back of her head. “Who would do something that stupid to start with?” 
Sarah massaged the center of her forehead with her good arm. Her blurry vision returned to the petite nurse standing next to her triage cart. The embroidered name on her lavender scrubs read: Kate. 
“That’s quite a knot you’ve got there.” Kate adjusted the bag of ice behind Sarah’s head. She pulled a thermometer out of her cart and stuffed it into a disposable sleeve. “I just need to take your vitals, hon. Then I’ll get out of your hair.”
She nodded and sat up in the bed. “Where am I?”
Kate turned a concerned glare up to her. 
“I mean – which hospital is this?”
“United Medical, dear.” Kate held the small stick up in front of Sarah’s lips. “Under the tongue and close the mouth. You know the drill.”
Kate’s brown eyes watched the box on the other end of the cord nonchalantly. Once the unit beeped, she took the thermometer out. 
“Ninety-eight, six. Completely normal.” Kate grabbed the black pressure cuff and leaned over Sarah’s torso. “Just another minute or two, kiddo.”
The pressure released, and Kate pulled the Velcro on Sarah’s bicep apart. She jotted down the measurements on her clipboard and glanced up at Sarah. “Alirghty. That’s it for now.” Kate tucked the sheets in around Sarah’s exposed thigh. “Need anything for the pain, or something more to drink?”
“Nope,” Sarah said in a weak tone. “Thanks.” 
Kate pushed her cart back to the door and jotted her notes on the dry-erase board. “I’ll be back around in an hour to check on you, hon.” 
“Sounds great.” Sarah eased hear head back down into the flat pillow. 

The sound of the heavy door to her room woke Sarah from her brief respite. Having a bulge on the back of her head did little to help her get comfortable for any amount of time. 
“I got here as fast as I could, baby.” Her mom rushed to her bedside and showered her forehead with kisses. Her black hair glistened under the fading daylight. 
Karla wore her usual dark blue slacks and matching button-down blouse. Her name sat over her right breast pocket stitched into a white oval patch. “Thank, God you’re okay.” She took up the void in the chair next to Sarah’s bed. “You had me worried sick.”
“I’m sorry, momma.” Sarah’s muscles tensed up bracing for the impending verbal assault. 
“I’m just thankful you’re okay.”
Three light raps broke the tension in the room. “Dinner’s here.” 
A plump woman in white scrubs toted a tray of covered dishes to Sarah’s eating surface and sat it down. “Feel up to havin’ some apple pie tonight?” 
“Sure,” Sarah said, removing the covers from her feast. The bland steamed veggies and grilled chicken had no aroma. 
“There you are, honey,” the orderly said. “We’ll be back in an hour to clean up, ‘kay?”
Sarah nodded as she poked at a lump of broccoli. It beats the TV dinners, I guess. 
“Hello?” A sing-song voice bellowed from the doorway. “Anybody home?”
Sarah smiled at the sound of her friend’s voice. “Annie!” 
Annie trotted over to Sarah’s side and gave her a warm hug. Tanya and Collin meandered in behind her. “How are you feeling, girl?”
Sarah held up her tube-infested arm. 
“That good, huh?” Tanya took up a seat on the windowsill. She turned her blue gaze to the approaching young man. 
Sarah’s eyes lit up. Her pain ceased to exist. “Collin. I didn’t expect to see you here.”
His brow peaked in confusion. “Why not?”
“Don’t you have a recital tonight?” 
He set his hand on her feet and smiled. “It can wait.” 
Sarah tossed him a flirtatious grin. “You’d better go to that recital.”
“It’s across town in an hour,” Collin said, rubbing her foot. “I can still get to it in plenty of time. I had to see you.”
Sarah’s eyes darted to Annie whose clenched smile said what her mind thought: Oh, my God, girl! 
“Well,” Sarah said, clearing her throat, “thank you for coming. It means a lot to me.” 
Annie snitched a piece of chicken and crossed her legs. “So, what are you doing your project on?”
Sarah’s nose wrinkled at the foul stench of the history assignment. “No clue. You?”
Annie shrugged. “Probably my great-grandma or something.”
“I can’t think about it,” Tanya said, brushing her blonde bangs out of her face. “It messes with my mall karma.”
“How about you, Collin?” Sarah couldn’t help smiling. Why must I smile at him constantly? Stop it! 
“My grandpa served in the Army during the war. I guess I’ll do mine on him.” 
She lost herself in his baby blues. “Intriguing.” 
Three gentle raps on the door snapped their bond. 
“Sorry to interrupt your dinner.” A muscular man in blue scrubs strode to the end of her bed. “I’m Dr. Avery.”
“We were just getting ready to take Collin across town anyway,” Annie said. “Come on guys.” 
Collin stopped at the corner of her bed. “See you later?” 
“Uh huh.” She clamped her eyes shut. Uh huh? That’s the best you could come up with?
“Great,” he said, tapping the bedrail nervously. “Bye.”
“Bye.” She leaned toward the door as he strode out. “Good luck!” 
Once the door had been closed, the doctor brought his clipboard up to his grey eyes. 
“What’s going on with her?” Her mom perked up from her news hour coma. 
Avery shrugged. “Honesty,” he adjusted the stethoscope around his neck, “I’ve never seen anything like this.” 
Karla buried her face in her quivering palms. “What good is that supposed to do me?” 
Sarah nibbled at her chicken and roll. Here we go. 
“I understand your frustrations, Ms. Daniels, but --” 
“Do you?” Her short black ponytail bobbed as she spoke. “Do you think you really understand? I’ve got a crotchety old boss breathing down my neck every night while I scrub toilets. I barely make enough to get the two of us by month to month. Do you really understand?”
Avery’s chest deflated as he moved his clipboard back to his left hip. “Sarah, I want to keep you here overnight to run a few more tests.”
“What do you think’s wrong with me?” God, is this a heart problem, or a brain tumor? She wrung her hands in her lap. 
His salt-and-pepper hair cocked to one side. “Right now all I know is that you had a seizure, but what caused it remains a mystery.” 
“That’s the best you’ve got,” her mom muttered. 
“We’ve gotta run some more tests before we can do anything else. If it’s something serious then we’ll have to move fast.”
Sarah’s mind raced around every turn of concern that her imagination threw at her. Something serious? Like what? I can’t die yet. I haven’t even kissed him! She slouched back into the bed’s numbing embrace begging God for just enough time to at least hold his hand or something. 
Chapter 3


Saturday morning came and Sarah went. Dr. Avery released her after all of the tests came back negative and no other information could be gathered.
She shut the crooked wooden door to their efficiency apartment with a loud creak. “Home, sweet home.” 
Their cozy two-bedroom, one-bath home sat overtop of the old Jane Lew pharmacy. Its bones had been built to last and the original oak flooring remained intact. 
Sarah strode to the bay window overlooking Main Street in this sleepy little hamlet. “Booming as ever.” 
Her mother marched to the kitchen sink on the far side of the floor. “Damn it, Sarah.” 
The sound of slamming dishes snapped her from her daydream. “What?”
“We don’t have anything to eat on unless you do the dishes.” She threw the faucet on and yanked the towel drawer open. “If I’ve told you once, I’ve told you a hundred times.”
Sarah walked over to the edge of their hand-me-down floral print sofa. “I’m sorry, mom. I just forgot.”
Karla spun around snapping a hand to her hip. “Just forgot? I slave all night long up to my elbows in shit, and you can’t even remember to do one simple chore?” A porcelain plate trembled under her white knuckles. 
“Momma, please.” Sarah strode over to the archway that separated the two spaces. 
A glint of polished white in the corner of her eye gave Sarah enough forewarning to brace for the impact. The dinner plate shattered on the fleur-de-lis wallpaper next to her head and fell in pieces at her feet. A searing heat throbbed just below her right eye. Sarah dropped to the floor and covered her head sure that another missile would follow. 
“God!” Karla stood hunched over the dual-basin sink. “I just – ya know?” 
Karla’s boots echoed off the hardwoods as she strode toward the wall. Her mother’s calloused hands took Sarah by the forearms and lifted her from the shards. Sarah trembled in her mother’s embrace. 
“Look, baby,” her mom said in a consoling tone, “I’m sorry. Okay?” 
The odor of Ajax lingered on her work shirt. Sarah clasped her hands loosely around the small of her mom’s back. 
“I’m sorry.” Karla placed a hand on both of Sarah’s cheeks and forced her daughter to look her in the eyes. “I – I’m just really tired right now.”
Sarah nodded and pulled away from her mother’s grasp. Karla took her chin between her thumb and forefinger and turned Sarah’s head to one side. A thin line of crimson rolled down into the teardrops at the side of Sarah’s nose. 
“We’ll have to clean that up.”
Sarah staggered to the bathroom at the end of the hall. “Fine.” 
She took a small cluster of toilet paper and held it under the running water.
“I’ll have to leave again here in a little while to work another mid-shift,” her mom said through the clanging of the busted plate. “I’ll leave a few dollars out here on the table if you wanna go down to T&L.” 
Sarah blotted the streamer of blood from her face. “Okay, mom.” 
The shards of the weapon fell into their garbage can with a dull thud. 
“There’s a basket of laundry that needs run across the street tonight, too. Can you do that for me?”
She tossed the soiled paper into the small wastebasket next to the toilet. “Yeah.” She lowered her tone to a whisper. “Why not? I just got out of the hospital.”
Karla tromped across the living area in her steel-toes. The front door groaned on its rusty hinges. “I’ll be back around the usual time tomorrow. If you need anything --”
“The number’s on the fridge, I know.”
The door closed and with it the apartment fell silent. Sarah peered into her reflection in the broken mirror. Its long crack ran from the upper left corner and cut a path across her shoulder and chest. What did I do? A burning sting percolated behind her dejected eyes. How can she be so loving one minute, and a raging lunatic the next? Her broken spirit manifested itself in clear streams down both cheeks. The notion of running away bubbled at the surface of her thoughts. 
“I can’t do it.” She touched the pock mark on her left cheek and smiled. 
Sarah had come down with the chicken pox when she was ten. Her mom had sat by her side for four days straight. She lied on the couch in her strawberry pee-jays forced to watch Tom and Jerry reruns and game shows. Sarah had itched at the pock on her cheek until the scab came off. 
“That was a bad idea,” she muttered through another sniffle. 
Sarah rotated her face to get a better look at the cut on her right cheek. She winced at the depth of the wound. 
“I hope that one doesn’t scar.”
The phone rang in its charger in the kitchen forcing her to swallow the pain. Okay, pull it back together, Sarah. She walked in and pulled the wireless receiver out of its cradle on the counter. “Hello?”
“Hey,” Annie said on the other end, “it’s me. You okay?”
Sarah wiped a wet finger on her jeans and strode to the couch. “Yeah, doing better.” She crawled over the arm of the couch and flopped down on her belly. “What’s up?”
“Just giving you one last chance to come hang out with the cool kids at the mall later. Interested?”
Sarah sank her head into the musty floral cushion. “I can’t. My mom’s on mids and I’ve got a lot to do tonight.”
Annie growled playfully through the phone. “Is she aware that we’re trying to give you a social life?” 
“No.”
“Didn’t think so. So, I guess I’ll point out the elephant in the room. What’s with Collin?” Annie’s voice teetered on the brink of a gossip-spun frenzy. 
Sarah rolled over on the couch and studied the crown molding trim along the high ceiling. “I dunno just yet.”
“Bullcrap. We’ve been friends for how long?”
“I know, I know.” She stretched out her legs over the back of the sofa releasing some of the nervous tension. “He’s cute and everything, but how am I gonna fit a boyfriend into what little life I have?”
“That’s exactly the point, Sarah.” Annie’s tone took a turn into Mothertown. “You need to get out – get away for a while.” 
“You know I can’t. I’m all that she has.”
“You’re treated like a friggin’ slave, Sarah. Don’t you see it?” 
Sarah bit down on her lower lip. Hold your tongue. 
“Well, anyway,” Annie said, coming back on her side of the boundary, “I’d better get going. You know how Tanya gets when she hasn’t had her fix for the night.”
“Yeah,” Sarah said with a giggle. “All right. You girls have fun.” 
“We will. Bye, kiddo.”
“Later, chick.”
She pressed the ‘talk’ button on the receiver and tossed it to the far cushion. “Urgh! Why does mom have to be so damn difficult?” 
She looked up at the small clock setting atop the TV: 3:27p.m. 
“Fine,” she said, grabbing the phone off the cushion. “I’m going.” 
Sarah took the three wrinkled bills from the table, the cluster of quarters from the coffee cup on the counter, and slid it all into her pocket. After she put on her coat, Sarah heaved up the basket of dirty laundry and headed out the door. 
The Laund-o-Matic sat across the street from her apartment in a dumpy worn-down turquoise building. The sight of a small beat-up red Geo Metro parked near its front door made her smile. She’s such a sweet little old lady. Sarah never got around to asking the old woman for her name, but she ran into her at least twice a week in here. The dumpy old lady sat in the far corner hunched over another one of her romance novels. She turned her head at the sound of Sarah’s approach. 
“Evenin’, dearie.” 
Sarah smiled acknowledging her and set the basket on a vacant dryer. “Hello.” She sorted out the clothes and tossed a pile of them into the front-loader across the aisle. 
“You should go, honey.” The plump lady licked her thumb and turned another page in her novel. 
“Excuse me?” Sarah fished a pair of quarters out and fed the machine. 
“It’s a great big world out there,” the woman said, turning her hairy chin up from the book. “It’ll do you some good.” 
“It’s not that simple.” Sarah thumped the bottle of detergent on the dryer’s lid. “You wouldn’t understand.”
The elder chuckled and spun her body toward Sarah. Her sunken balls of coal studied Sarah from behind thick spectacles. “I understand enough.” Her chest heaved through a harsh lung spasm. “I understand that I’m an old fart and can still hear the racket from across the street sometimes. I understand that stairs don’t cause black eyes, or gashes on people’s faces.”
“I’m sorry,” Sarah said, “I didn’t mean --” 
“I know whatcha meant.” The woman took her book in one hand and jabbed it at Sarah. “Life ain’t easy, honey. We’ve all gotta choose our own destiny.” 
Sarah collected her last load and stuffed it into the neighboring washer. “Yes, ma’am.” Her belly announced its neglect from beneath her coat. “Listen,” she pointed out the window toward the street, “I’m gonna run to get a quick bite to eat. Would you mind?”
The old lady held up an open palm. “Gotcha covered. Go put some meat on them bones.” 
“Thank you.” Sarah set her back against the glass door and backpedaled out into the frosty evening. 


T&L sat a few blocks down Main Street on the other side of the bridge, so her walk in the frigid air didn’t take long. The bells on the restaurant’s door jingled as Sarah pried it open. 
“Howdy stranger!” an old waitress said from behind the counter. 
“Hey, Josie.” She took a seat at the counter and tossed her coat into the empty stool to her right. 
“Haven’t seen you in here in a while.” Josie flopped an order pad on the faux marble countertop and plucked the pen from behind her ear. “How have you been, Sarah?”
“I’ve been in the hospital. That’s how I’ve been.”
The forty-something mom sucked in a quick lungful of air. “Good Lord, honey. Is everything okay?” Josie propped her sagging jowls up on her flabby forearms in front of Sarah.
“Yeah, I guess.” She fidgeted with an unopened straw. “I had a seizure, but they still don’t know what caused it.”
“Land’s sakes,” Josie said, scratching her graying curls. She poked her pen toward a covered dish holding two lone cookies. “Your chocolate no-bakes have been a hit around here. We’re gonna need some more real soon.”
Sarah’s face gleamed with pride. “I can manage that.”
“Here ya go, darlin’.” Josie slapped three tens down next to Sarah’s elbow. “Your take on this batch.” 
“Thanks, Josie.”
“What are ya gonna do with all this money you’ve been makin’?” Josie waddled over to the gent at the other end of the counter and topped off his coffee. 
“Just saving it up for a rainy day.” 
Josie plopped back down on the counter across from Sarah. “What’ll it be tonight, hon – the usual?”
Sarah chuckled as she studied the large board hanging over the register. “Am I that predictable?”
“Mmm hmm.” Josie walked to the kitchen and returned with a chocolate soda. “I’ll have your hot dogs out in just a bit, baby.”
“Thanks.” Her body and soul warmed to the feeling of a real home and belonging to something. 
Josie returned with two chili dogs coated in slaw and leaned on the counter while Sarah dined. 
“I really hope those doctors get to the bottom of whatever’s buggin’ you.”
Sarah nodded, washing down another bite of the best dogs in the area with a swig of soda. “Me, too.”
“Your momma still on night shift?” Josie tossed a wave to an old farmer as he hobbled back out into the twilight. “See ya tomorrow, Ed.”
The old farmer mumbled something under his breath and lifted an arthritic hand as he left. 
“Ole Ed’s been comin’ in here almost every night since his wife passed a few years back,” Josie said, going over to collect his trash. “Cancer, ya know?”
Sarah nodded and finished off the last of her favorite meal. 
“Whew! You musta been half-starved kiddo.” 
Sarah leaned to one side and reached into her jeans for the money. “How much do I owe you, Josie?”
“Mah!” Josie ripped the ticket from the pad and tore it in half. “After the week you’ve had, it’s on the house.”
“Thank you so much.” She slid her coat back on and hopped down off the stool. “They were delicious.” 
“Not as good as your cookies, I’m afraid.” Josie tossed the soiled paper plate and cup into the large trash can behind her. “When you bringin’ in some more?”
Sarah stopped with her back to the door and flipped her hood up onto her head. “How about I bring some by in day after tomorrow?”
“Sounds fine,” Josie said in a husky tone. “You have a good night, now.”
“You, too.” 
Sarah spun back out into the dark and strode up the street in the direction of her spinning laundry. 


Sarah popped the door to her place and dropped the basket of clean clothes onto the floor against the wall. She flicked the lights on and kicked off her shoes and coat. 
“Seven fifty-eight,” she said, leaning over the clock on the TV. “Dang it!” 
She pulled the laundry basket across the floor and turned the on the tube. The opening credits to her favorite teen drama had just started. 
“Thank goodness.” 
Sarah folded her clothes as the James Dean wannabe’s comingled with the valley girls on her only escape from reality. “How is it that they have it so lucky out in Beverly Hills?” She stacked her undies into a neat pile on the blue recliner to her left. “What I’d give to have some of their problems.” 
Her right hip crinkled as she leaned toward the coffee table and set her rolled socks down. 
“Holy crap.” 
She hopped up during the commercial break and jogged to her bedroom closet. Sarah pulled the small wad of tens out of her pocket and knelt down to an old blue backpack in the corner. She added her most recent take to the massive roll of money. 
“Almost to a thousand.” Her face hardened in resolve. 
She tucked the money roll back down in between her changes of clothes and a gallon-sized plastic bag bulging with cereal. Not much longer to go. She pounced back out in front of the TV as her show returned from its break. “Come on,” she said to the screen, “ask her out already.” 


The annoying high-pitched ring of her cordless awoke Sarah from her slumber on the arm of the couch. The local evening news broadcast wrapped up as she rubbed the crust from her eyes.
“The Late Show is next,” the female announcer said as the screen faded. 
BLEEP BLEEP
“All right already!” She sat up and pinched the phone between her ear and shoulder. “Hello?”
“Sarah?” her grandmother sniffled from the other end of the line.
“Gram – what’s the matter?” She sat up on the edge of the sofa. Her Gram rarely called, and she’d never heard her cry before. 
Gram’s voice trembled as she spoke. “I’m sorry to bother you at this hour, dear, but it’s your great Aunt April.”
“It’s all right, Gram. What’s going on?”
“Sh – she’s gone, honey.” Her grandma’s weary heart broke as another wave of sorrow barreled over her. 
“What?” Sarah covered her quivering mouth with her free hand. “We were just over there last weekend. She was fine.”
“I know, baby,” Gram said, regaining her composure. “It was a heart attack. They tried to revive her, but she died before the ambulance even got there.” 
“I’m so sorry, Gram.” Sarah lost her battle to hold her pain at bay. 
“It’s okay.”
Sarah cleared her throat and walked into the kitchen to get a glass of water. “Mom’s still at work, but I’ll tell as soon as she gets in.”
“That’s fine, honey.” Her grandma’s tone warmed up a little. “We’ll probably have the viewing day after tomorrow. Just have your mom call me in the morning, okay?”
“I will, Gram.”
“Love you.”
“You, too.” The other end of the line clicked to a dial tone. 
Sarah fell back into the couch and let her anguish have its time. 
Chapter 4


Aunt April’s viewing brought in relatives that Sarah hadn’t seen in over a decade. Great uncles and another great aunt had all flown in from as far away as Ft. Lauderdale. Scores of her mother’s cousins huddled in the rows of chairs recounting memories of fonder times with their departed relative. 
Sarah took refuge in a quiet corner away from the gathered mass of family and friends. She never did well with grief and loss. Seeing the people she looked up to in misery gave her little hope for herself. 
“There you are,” her mom said, setting down next to her. Karla only had two black dresses in her repertoire: a form-fitting cocktail with scalloped frills around the hemline and the plain Jane formal number she wore to occasions such as these. “Come on,” she said, helping Sarah to her feet, “let’s go pay our respects.”
Sarah trailed behind her mother toward the polished mahogany casket. A large reprint of Aunt April’s senior year photo sat on a brass tripod to one side. 
“She was so pretty.” Sarah studied the picture with moistened eyes. 
“That she was,” an older man said, coming up beside her. He had a clean-shaven face and lean physique. He examined the reprint of his memories with his stern blue stare. 
“Hi, Uncle Max,” Karla said, rubbing the old man’s back. “This was all so sudden.”
Max scratched his thinning white hair and nodded. “She never mentioned anything about her blood pressure, cholesterol – nothing like that.” 
“She was a wonderful woman.” Karla shuffled over to the casket and laid her hand on April’s. 
Aunt April wore one of her favorite lavender springtime dresses. Her thin gold-framed glasses rested on a peaceful face.
“For the longest time,” Max said joining her, “she was my mother.” 
April clutched her worn Bible at her breast in her left hand and a small black and white photo beside it in her right. 
Sarah leaned in to get a better look at the worn photograph of the seven children. “Which one’s Gram?”
“Well, let’s see,” another husky man said, waddling up next to Sarah. His potbelly sagged over his big silver belt buckle. The man’s black cowboy hat and bushy white beard hid his features. “Max,” he said patting her uncle’s shoulder. 
Sarah studied the new arrival with a skeptical eye. He looks like the twisted offspring of Santa Claus and Johnny Cash. 
“Morty.” Max did little to acknowledge his identical twin. 
“Good to see you twins on speaking terms again,” Emma said, hobbling up next to Sarah. 
“Twins?” Sarah compared the two men. For every trait Max possessed, Morty conveyed its polar opposite. 
“Hard to believe it by lookin’, I know,” Emma said, giving Sarah a peck on the cheek. 
“The youngest one there,” Morty said, pointing to the toddler on the right side of the photo, “is your great Aunt Patti. The slightly older girl next to her is your Grandma Emma.” 
“This must have been taken in the spring of ’32,” Emma said, “right after we helped Pa seed the fields.”
Sarah studied the twin boys in the picture. Both sported the same mop of unkempt curls and freckled faces. “You really were identical. How did great grandma Eleanor tell you apart?”
“By our temperaments,” Max said with a chuckle. 
“Maxie always was the level-headed of the two of us,” Morty said, scratching his shoulder-length white locks. His big belly jiggled under its black vest and matching jacket. “I tended to keep momma on her toes.” Morty laid an arm around his twin’s neck. “There’s more ways to tell us apart these days, eh, Max?” 
His thinner twin nodded with a smile. “Fate had a hand in that.”
“What do you mean?” Sarah asked. 
Max turned his hurt gaze to his deceased big sister. “We were sent to a poor farm not too long after that was taken.” He nodded to the worn picture. “Pa took Noah into Lost Creek to catch a train. Never saw him again.” Max dropped his head and wiped away his tears. 
“Once when momma and I were alone,” Morty said, “she told me why it all happened.”
The elder twin turned his moistened stare into Morty’s bushy white eyebrows. “Momma told me that she sent you with April --” His bearded jowls collapsed under the strain of his emotional quake. “Because she knew you’d survive.” Morty broke down into quivering fits of anguish. “I prayed, Max. I begged God every night to bring you back to me.” 
Max took his younger twin in a tight embrace. “I believe you, Mort. I do,” he mumbled from Morty’s collar. 
“Who are the other two in the photo?” Sarah asked, hugging her Gram. 
Max regained his composure and pointed to the eldest daughter. “That one there was your great Aunt Ina Jane. We lost her to cancer a long time ago.”
“The oldest one of our bunch,” Morty said, drawing in a nervous breath, “is November.” 
Sarah’s brows furrowed over a confused gaze. 
“He went by Noah,” Max corrected, “but his given name was November Greene.”
“Like Max said,” Morty added, “pa took him to catch that train and we never saw him again.” 
“What was he like?” Sarah asked. “Do you remember much about him?”
Max nodded slowly staring at his eldest brother’s picture. “He was always coming up with some sort of adventure for us boys to go on.” 
Morty popped Max’s arm with his elbow. “Remember how he used to read Treasure Island to us every night before bed?” 
“Yeah,” Max said with a hoarse chuckle. “He always fancied himself as the next Stevenson, or some big adventurer.”
“Noah would lead us out on a crazy treasure hunt around the farm.” Morty sniffed away the remnants of his loss. “Remember that time momma got after him with her ole spoon?” 
“How could any of us forget?” Gram said with a laugh. 
“What did he do?” Sarah asked. 
“Noah had decided that we were gonna go hunting for treasure on the back side of the barn,” Max said. His big blue eyes glazed over and fell deep into the dusty memories of their better times. “Noah sent Morty and me over to the creek bed to gather up some sandstone to use as the gold. He went at took momma’s egg bucket from out of the barn and dug a hole in the ground.” Max broke into a fit of chuckles. “The trouble all started the next mornin’ when momma went out to gather eggs from the coop for breakfast.”
“Boy,” Morty said, allowing a bellowing laugh to escape his chest. “I’d never seen her face get as red as it did that morning!”
Max nodded. “Momma chased him outa bed and around the homestead with that wooden spoon for the better part of thirty minutes.”
“She tried her damnedest to lop his arm off with that spoon of hers,” Gram said, hunching over in a laughing spasm. 
“Yeah, she did.” Max said.
“Wonder what ever happed to Noah,” Gram said. 
“April got closer to solving that riddle than anyone.” Max rubbed the cold skin on April’s wrist. “She worked on his journal from the day she got it.”
Sarah sensed the cold hollow hole that ate at their souls. “Is Uncle November still alive?”
Max shrugged. “Might be. All we ever got from him was the journal he kept of his adventures across the country after he left us.”
“He finally got his chance to be Stevenson,” Morty said, removing his hat. “Wonder if any of us will ever get to see him again before we go.”
“Lord,” Gram said, “I hope so.”


After the funeral service and its swirling storm of activities came to a close, April’s estate attorney called them all into his office for the reading of her will. 
“Thank you all for coming in this afternoon,” the attorney said in a flat tone. 
Sarah did her best to take in all of the office’s magnificence. Towering shelves of legal tomes stretched up to the full height of the nine-foot ceiling in Mr. Loomis’ office. Sarah’s mom sat beside her in the other black cocktail dress. 
“If there aren’t any questions,” Loomis said, scootching in behind his executive desk, “we’ll get right to it.” 
The young attorney pulled the lone page from a folder and sat it on his desk’s polished surface. April’s surviving siblings, Karla, and Sarah all sat in silence awaiting the business at hand. 
“Skipping along to the meat and potatoes,” Loomis said with a nervous giggle. “‘To my husband and children, I leave my share of the home and all of its belongings. To Max and Mortimer, I leave my photo albums from the old homestead. To Emma and Patricia, I leave my collection of quilts and sewing machines. Lastly, to Sarah Daniels, I leave my brother’s journal. Like you, he was lost and alone. You’ve got our family book and live closest to the old farm. Maybe you’ll be the one to do what the rest of us couldn’t.’” 
Loomis handed a large mailing envelope over the desk to Sarah. “There you are, Ms. Daniels.” 
She whispered a ‘thank you’ and pedaled back into her seat. 
“There you have it,” Loomis said, returning the will to its file. “Any grievances or disputes to the will need to be filed with me within the next 365 days.” He stood up and extended an open hand to the door. “Lisa will escort you back out. Thank you again for your time.”
Sarah strode out of the office filled with a renewed sense of purpose. He was confused and alone, too. Finally, someone who understands me! 
Chapter 5


The Chateau des Daniels sat in near abandon once more. Sarah pulled her plastic tray of food from the microwave and plunked herself on the sofa in front of the evening news. 
“More plane crashes, factory fires and let me guess,” Sarah said, forking another chunk of roast beef into her mouth, “the Cowboys won again.”
Most sports had never been Sarah’s strong suit, but around here football was a religion. High school, college-level, and professional all took center stage every August working the natives into wing-munching maniacs. As a result, she became baptized into the House of Pigskin at a young age. 
“Pittsburgh might suck this year,” she said, pointing her fork at the TV, “but my Mounties are headin’ to the Sugar Bowl. Take that!”
Sarah clicked the tube off and cleaned up her dishes. She looked around the apartment double-checking for any stray chores she may have missed. The sink basins sat empty. All of their laundry had been folded and put away. Her blue eyes dropped to the small black leather journal on the kitchen table. Several creases cross-hatched its faded cover. A silent and unbreakable force drew her spirit to the book. Let’s just see what you got yourself into, November. 
She plucked the flimsy tome off the table and made a nest on the couch under her favorite fleece blanket. The acrid smell of an age gone by flooded her senses as she cracked open the journal. 
“What’s this?” A small slip of folded paper dropped onto Sarah’s lap. 
She unfolded the sheet to discover a hand-written note in beautiful flowing script:

‘Dearest Sarah,

I’m sure that you probably have a dozen questions as to why I chose to leave this journal to you. Some of them I can answer and others you’ll have to answer on your own. This is the journal of my oldest brother, November Greene. I received it twenty four years ago in the mail out of the blue. It arrived in plain packaging with no name or message of any kind. It originally was addressed to our old homestead here in town, and the Postmaster, Reggie, tracked me down. The return address was a P.O. Box in Oregon. 
I’ve spent the better part of my days researching Noah’s journal and its words looking for any clues that might lead to him. My heart tells me that he wants to be found, but why he hasn’t sought us out is still a mystery. I even went as far as dragging my husband along to some of the places that Noah visited to look for information there. We eventually made it out to California, but came back empty-handed. Like you, Noah was lost and alone in the world. It was a fate that life handed to him, not something that he chose. If you can find him I think there’s a lot you can learn from one another. It is my hope that we can one day be a complete family again. He’s still out there somewhere. Don’t give up hope! 

-- April C. (Greene) Givens’



The creak of the front door brought Sarah back around from her shifting dreamscapes. Her mom tossed her large leather purse down onto the hardwoods with a burdensome sigh. 
“Morning, mom.” Sarah steadied herself on one elbow and rubbed her vision back into focus. 
“Hey, kiddo,” Karla said, unlacing her work boots. “How was your Saturday night?”
“Okay, I guess.” 
Karla lumbered into the kitchen and pulled a bottle of soda out of the door of the fridge. 
“Mom?”
Karla mumbled an acknowledgment through her mouthful of rejuvenation. 
“Do you remember anything about Uncle November?” 
Her mom continued through her morning routine setting out a small bowl and filling it up with store-brand flakes. “Only the handful of things that Aunt April and Uncle Max told me. Why?”
Sarah stumbled into the kitchen and poured herself a glass of OJ. “We have to do a history project on someone in our family, and I want to do mine on him.”
Her mom sat down at the table and dug into her breakfast. “I’m not so sure that’s such a good idea, Sarah.”
“Why not?” Sarah spun her glass on the table’s surface.
“Did you guys ever consider the notion that he may not want to be found?” Karla chased another spoonful of flakes with a swig of cola. 
“Then, why did he mail Aunt April his journal?”
Karla’s cold brown stare peered at Sarah from over the mound of cereal. 
“Why not burn it if he didn’t want anyone knowing where he was?”
Her mom shrugged and took in another bite. “Maybe. I don’t really know much more about him that what’s in our family book in the closet. Aunt April always told me that Momma Greene named him November because it was one of her favorite months out of the year.” Karla set her spoon in her bowl and leaned back in her seat. “Momma Greene loved the colorful leaves and harvest time on the old farm. Your Aunt got her name from Momma Greene’s other favorite time of the year – the spring.”
Sarah took another nip of juice and listened to her mother’s tale. 
“My grandma always had a big flower bed under her front windows every spring,” Karla said, finishing off her breakfast. “Aunt April told me that he was forced to leave the family when he was sixteen or so. That would have been back during the Depression, I think. Momma and Papa Greene couldn’t afford to care for all seven kids anymore.” She stood up and carted her dirty dishes over to the sink. “Uncle Max told me that they last saw Noah the night before they were all split up.”
A running faucet filled Sarah’s ears. Karla broke its deluge with her bowl. There’s a small miracle. 
 “Uncle Max and Aunt April got sent to a poor farm here in town,” Karla continued through the running water, “and Uncle Noah got pushed out to the wolves.”
The sink fell silent and her mom walked back to her seat at the table. “Uncle Max said that Noah promised to come back for them once he got settled in someplace. After that, Max said they never heard or saw from him again.”
Sarah went to the sink and sat her glass in its basin. “Could I look at the family book for my project?” 
Her mom got up and strode toward the bathroom. “Doesn’t matter to me, hon.”
Sarah’s eyes lit up to mirror her ear-to-ear grin. 
“Just don’t lose the book,” her mom called from behind the cracked bathroom door. “You may end up uncovering more than you bargained for, Sarah. That is if you even have any luck finding anything at all.”



Chapter 6


Sarah curled back up under her blanket on the couch and set the journal beside her. She flipped the TV on to her Sunday ritual – the Steelers game. Her hometown boys trudged on through another season of mediocrity, and today hosted the Oilers. 
“Oh, come on!” she shouted at the screen. “A blind carpenter could have caught that ball.”
After a dismal half of play leading to a 20-3 deficit, Sarah left her team to fend for themselves. She stuffed her body under the blanket and buried her face in the leather journal. 

June 14, 1932

My name is November Wetzel Greene, and I’m sixteen years old. That’s right – just like the month. My mom says it’s ‘cause the fall is one of her favorite times of the year. Most everybody calls me Noah. I got this diary for my birthday from mom and dad last year. They said that they knew how much I wanted to be like Stevenson, so now I could start my own story. I honestly didn’t know what to write about until now. Me and my brothers and sisters are on the verge of being split up soon. Pa said it’s ‘cause they can’t afford to care for all of us kids like they used to before the Depression. I’m supposed to catch a train tomorrow out of town. I guess this is as good a time as any to start keepin’ track of my own adventures around the country…


A silent meeting of the older Greene children convened on April’s bed after their parents had gone down for the evening.
“All right,” Noah said, looking around at his younger sister and twin brothers. “Here’s the plan.”
The nine-year-old twins Max and Morty looked to one another wearing faces of despair. 
“Pa’s sendin’ you two to the poor farm for a while, right?” Noah’s blue gaze bounced from April, not quite yet a teen, to Max – the eldest of the twins. 
April nodded. Her long blonde locks fell around her neck framing her sallow face. “That’s what he said.” 
“You can’t go, Max!” Morty inched closer to his mirror image. 
Noah scratched the rust-colored curls atop his head. “Hush up. Nobody wants it, Mort, but it’s the hand we’ve been dealt.”
April slid forward on the hand-made quilt on her bed. “You could always go stay with Ina Jane at George’s place for a while.”
Noah shook the idea out of existence. “She’s about to have a baby of her own. I’ll be fine.”
“Then, what’s your plan?” Max asked, staring at the quilt. 
Noah bent his slender frame in closer. “I’m gonna go get work wherever I can out there. Then I’m comin’ back for you.” He placed his hands on those of his sister and Max. “I’ll set us up a place of our own where we can bring the whole family back together again.”
April sniffed back her sorrow and reciprocated Noah’s action. “You can’t do it all on your own.”
“Can’t I?” He wagged his finger as he made his defense. “I’m old enough to make it out there. I don’t need grownups lookin’ over my shoulder anymore.”
“I know, but --” April lowered her head when her voice got trampled. 
“I know how to do a lot of different things,” Noah said. “I’ll be rakin’ in money hand over fist. You watch.”
“You mean it?” Max asked, wiping away his tears. 
Noah clapped a hand on Max’s shoulder. “Of course, I do. I’ll come back for you. I promise.” 
“Where will you go?” April’s tone stiffened. “What will you do?”
Noah lowered his eyes to the bed with a shrug. “The train outa this area runs to Ohio. I s’pose I’ll start out there.” 
His sister rocked back against the wall and concealed her face with her hands. “This is all happening so fast.” Her voice trembled. “None of it makes sense.”
The padding of familiar footsteps down below silenced all of them. 
“April?” her mom called. “You still awake?”
The pre-teen’s mouth hung agape. “Yeah, momma.”
“You’d better get some sleep.” Her mom’s feet plodded off back toward the far end of the main floor. “You have a big day tomorrow.”
“Yes, ma’am.” April shooed Noah and his little brothers out of her room and shut her door. 
The boys crept down the stairs and settled into their beds. Beams of pale moonlight gave their room the aura of a graveyard. 
“A part of me is dead inside,” Morty said, snuggling up under his covers. 
“It’s not a permanent thing, Mort.” Noah rolled on his side to face his junior siblings. “You’ve gotta hold things together here at home until we get back. Pa’s gonna need your help.”
The younger twin blinked at Noah in silence. What else are you supposed to say to a nine-year-old kid? 
“All right,” Noah said, huddling his covers around his chin. “Get your sleep. Tomorrow’s a long day.” 
Both twins shut their eyes and prayed. November remained wide awake long after Max and Morty had cried themselves into exhaustion. 


“Rise and shine, boys.” Their mother always beat the sun out of bed. Her voice was cheerful despite the foreboding tasks at hand. Eleanor never stopped looking on the bright side. 
Noah eased his weary legs out onto the cold planks. Not even a wink last night. Refreshing summer winds filled their room carrying with them the morning lark’s song. The twins lurched out of their beds and pulled their clothes from the chest of drawers. 
“Breakfast is on the table, April,” his mom shouted up the staircase. 
Noah walked out to the large dinner table and took his usual spot flanking the head of the household. “Where’s pa?”
His mother slid in beside him and filled Noah’s cup with milk. “He’s been out in the barn all morning.”
Eleanor’s eyes shuddered and Noah sensed his mom’s concern. 
“Probably just making sure the wagon’s ready for the trip,” Noah said, glancing at April coming down the stairs. 
Eleanor gave a nervous nod and scuttled to the kitchen. “I’ll set the food on the table for you kids.” Her voice cracked as she exited the dining room. 
His last home-cooked meal went with little pomp and circumstance. Noah and his siblings nibbled at their bacon and eggs in silence, only exchanging an apprehensive glance when their mother came in for the last time. 
“I’ll go ahead and clear the table while you three pack your things,” Eleanor said with a quivering jaw. 
“I’ll give you a hand, momma,” April said, sliding out from the large oval oaken table.
Their mother wafted the offer from existence. “It’s only for a short while anyways.” Eleanor straightened her posture and her apron. “This will all be a distant memory soon.”
Noah herded Max and April to their rooms to gather their belongings while Morty ran out the front door in tears. Max pulled his coveralls and undershirts from the drawers and stumbled on the bedpost as he turned. Noah set a calm hand on his brother’s tense forearm. 
“It’ll be all right,” he said, folding Max’s things on the floor. 
His brother turned his moistened gaze into Noah’s. “Momma’s right. This will probably only be for a short while, Max.” 
Noah took a small pillow case off his bed, stuffed his journal and a few changes of clothes into it, and slung the sack over his right shoulder. April plodded down the staircase carrying the travel case that Ina Jane had handed down to her before moving out. Max picked his tiny wicker suitcase off the floor and led the trio out the door to their awaiting wagon.
“Come on then,” Eleanor said, rocking their youngest sister, Patti. 
Max and April tossed their belongings into the back of the buckboard wagon and climbed inside. Noah sat next to Morty staring at the white two-story home. The sun’s rays peeked over the hills behind the house and filtered through the rustling oak leaves to either side. A big monarch butterfly chased his smaller yellow companion across the trimmed grass in the front lawn on a summer breeze. 
Noah closed his eyes tight and attempted to burn the last image of home into his mind. That’s how I want to remember it. 
His pa slapped the reins down onto the back of their painted mare; the wagon ambled down the worn ruts across the meadow toward the other side of town. 
“Why is this happening?” Morty asked with a sniffle. 
Noah wrapped an arm around him and pulled Morty’s face into his chest. “I wish I knew.”
The ride across town passed without a word among them. Another beautiful day lay ahead of him, but Noah had no idea where he’d be laying his head later that night. His father led their wagon down a small embankment and over an old wooden bridge. A long foreboding structure loomed beyond a cluster of trees. April and Max looked to Noah wearing fearful faces. 
“It’s just a place that’s new to you,” he said, resting a hand on Max’s shoulder. “Once you settle into it, it won’t be that scary.”
A heavy-set man sporting soiled denim coveralls held up a meaty palm. The wagon slowed to a stop beside the dingy gent.
“Afternoon.” The man brushed his hand on his pant leg and extended it toward Noah’s father. 
“Mr. Reger,” his father said. “I’m William Greene. I talked to you about takin’ in a couple of my children for a spell.”
Reger nodded his thumb of a head wiping the beads of perspiration off with his handkerchief. “That you did, Mr. Greene.” 
“Do you still have room?” William tossed his thumb over his shoulder toward the wagon’s bed. “It would just be the girl and one of the boys.”
Reger cocked his head to one side. “Times have been gettin’ worse, but I reckon I still have some room.” He glanced back at Noah’s brother and sister. “So long as they can pull their own weight around here.”
“Yes, sir,” William said. “They’re both hard workers and very helpful around our home.” 
Reger waved his dirty rag toward the front entrance to the large Victorian home. “Go ahead and pull on around up there, and we’ll get ‘em settled in for the night before supper.”
Noah watched his dad tip the brim of his hat toward Reger and snap the reins. The wagon lulled along the gravel road passing a small pond and several small sheep en route to the poorhouse. A lady bearing visible stripes of white in her black mane descended the front stairs flanked by two girls to meet them.
Pa tipped his brim to her. “Afternoon, ma’am.”
“Afternoon,” she said, looking over them with a stern eye. 
“Ms. Reger?”
She nodded and motioned the girls toward the back of the wagon. 
“Your husband said you have some room for my daughter and son.”
“That we do, Mr. Greene.” A warm smile shattered her cold façade. “I’d like to say that their accommodations are wonderful, but with the recent hard times --”
“I understand, ma’am.” Noah’s dad beckoned April and Max out of the back with a flick of his fingers. “We appreciate whatever it is you can spare.”
Ms. Reger motioned the children up onto the porch with her pudgy right hand. “We’ll take good care of ‘em until things settle down for you folks.”
“Mommy,” young Emma said from between ma and pa in the front bench, “where’s April and Maxie going?”
Eleanor brushed her two-year-old’s bangs out of her face. “They’re just staying here with some friends for a bit, baby.”
“Can I go, too?” Emma’s little round face scrunched in curiosity. 
Their mother swallowed her pain and wiped away her tears. “No, honey. I need you to help me with those stubborn little chickens.”
Emma broke into a fit of laughter. “I like those chickens, mommy. They’re silly.” 
“Yes, they are.” Eleanor stroked the bridge of Emma’s nose with her index finger. “Besides, Patti needs her big sister.”
Eleanor turned her attention to April and Max. “Come here and give me a hug, you two.” 
They took turns leaning over their mother’s back and receiving a smothering from her lips. “April,” she said setting a hand on her shoulder, “look after Max and make sure he eats his beans.”
“Yes, momma.”
Eleanor drew Max to her bosom over his sleeping baby sister. “You mind your sister and protect her. You hear?” 
Max nodded. “Yes, ma’am.” 
“Good,” Eleanor said, ruffling his red curls. “Mind your manners and we’ll see you real soon.”
Max picked up his suitcase and tailed April up the stairs onto the wraparound porch. Morty locked eyes with his twin. He opened his mouth to say something, but a quick shake of Max’s head stopped him cold. 
Noah huddled his brother close. “It’ll be all right, Morty. Just remember what we talked about last night.” The warmth of his brother’s tears matted his white shirt to his body. 
With a slap of the reins, the wagon trudged onward in the direction of the Lost Creek train depot. November forced his eyes to remain fixed on his younger siblings through the stinging tears. April and Max sank into minuscule silhouettes as the Greene family wagon turned northward and the poorhouse rolled out of sight. 
The sun had settled in behind the hills when Noah opened his eyes. Morty still lay fast asleep next to him on the floor of the wagon. Noah didn’t move for a long time, deciding instead to from a memory of his little brother in this peaceful state. Their wagon rolled to a gentle halt next to the general store in downtown Lost Creek. Towering emerald hills cradled the small town in their protective embrace. Its main thoroughfare bustled with the casual activities of local farmers and businessmen. A long line of downtrodden people snaked out of the bank across the street. 
This place is probably getting hit pretty hard by all of this. Noah sat up as quietly as the sun-baked boards would allow and slid out of the wagon. His father walked around to the back placing his hand on the small of Noah’s back. 
“I’ll walk you over, son.” 
Noah studied his father’s eyes as they made their way to the steps of the general store. 
“Noah,” his father said, “I’ve seen a lot of things in my life. A good many memories from my time in the French trenches haunt me to this day.” Noah took up a seat on the bench next to his dad. “None of that pain and horror could have ever prepared me for a moment like this, son.”
Noah spun his small sack in the air between his legs. “I know it’s not your fault, pa.”
His father straightened his muscular torso upright on the narrow bench. “I really don’t want to do this, Noah.” He rose from his seat and extended his calloused hand. “G-Go see the world, son.” 
Noah eased off the bench taking his father’s hand in his. The corners of his dad’s brown eyes welled up. “I’ll do what I can.” 
His father turned toward the driver’s seat with a sniffle. 
“Wait.” 
Noah gripped his dad’s big chest in a bear hug. “I love you, dad.”
His father’s warm hands fell across the nape of his neck pulling Noah closer. “I love you, too, Noah.” His dad took him by the arms and stepped back. “You be careful out there, son. The world is a tough place.”
“Yessir, I will.” 
The distant trill of the train’s whistle called for all wayward travelers to clear the rails. The massive B&O steamer hissed as she slowed her advance. 
“That looks like your ride,” his dad said, nodding down the tracks. “You’d better get on down the line a ways. Local law will probably shoot you if they see you loafin’ around.” 
Noah tipped his head and heaved his small sack over his right shoulder. He jogged down ahead of the engine and ducked behind a honeysuckle bush. The train crawled past the small depot station puffing out jets of white steam from its underbelly. The engineer exchanged cursory waves with the depot boss as the engine puttered past. A couple of heads poked out from cars farther back down the line examining their new surroundings. 
It’s rollin’ slow, but I’ve still gotta time this right. Noah inched out around the fragrant bush and prepared for his rendezvous. One of the men in the railcar knelt down at the edge of the door. He beckoned Noah onward with a curl of his arm. Here goes nothing. 
He leaped up and dart out alongside the slow-rolling rail snake. The wind kissed the back of his ears and filled his nostrils with the aroma of oil and adventure. 
“C’mon!” the young man in the train car shouted. 
Noah sped up to the open car and tossed his small sack inside. 
“Grab onto the hand grips first!” The guy in the car didn’t look any older than he did. 
Noah raced under the kneeling teen and thrust his right hand into the iron hold next to the boy’s knee. 
“Whoa!” Noah’s left foot snagged a wooden tie causing him to stumble. 
“You’ve gotta stay up.” He felt the boy in the car grab his wrist. “It’ll drag you to your death if you don’t.”
Noah sped up his pace regaining control of his lower extremities. 
“Good,” the boy instructed. “Now, given me your other hand!”
Noah slapped his left hand into that of the other boy and tossed his right foot into the foothold under the train car. Another unseen hand grabbed him by the back of his coveralls and hurled Noah into the shadows of the slatted wooden car. 
“You nearly bit it, boy,” a haggard old voice said. “Another stumble and you would have been mashed flat.”
Noah rolled over onto his back to find an old hunching form bobbing up and down in the shadows of the opposite corner. 
“You are new at zees, no?” the other boy said in a thick foreign accent. His straight brown hair glistened in the fading daylight. 
“I suppose so,” Noah said, inching back on his hands. 
The crooked figure hobbled from the sanctuary of its darkness. “In that case, we’d better take care of you.” 
Sunlight danced on a curved surface in the man’s arthritic hand. 
A knife! Noah scurried back into his corner like a trapped filed mouse. The old-timer clenched the object close to his torso and dragged a gimp right leg behind him. 
“That, we should,” the foreign boy said, setting his newsboy hat back on his head. 
He hadn’t been on the rails any longer than a minute and already his life hung in limbo. 
Chapter 7


The old-timer stopped a few pace shy of Noah’s throbbing foot and lifted the object up to his lips. After a quick swig from his bottle, he took a seat on the floor next to Noah. 
“Ah!” he said, wiping his mouth on a tattered flannel sleeve. “That’s the stuff. The name’s Artie.” 
Noah shook his spotted hand. “November, but everybody calls me Noah.”
The foreigner dropped Noah’s sack next to him and pulled up a seat. “I am Rene. Rene Chollande.” 
“Rennie?” Noah raised a bewildered brow. 
“Close enough,” Rennie said.
“Good to meet you.” Noah shook his slender hand. “Thanks for the lift back there.”
“No problem.” Rennie place his hands on his crossed legs. “There are a few things that you must know if you are ever going to survive out ‘ere.” 
Rennie’s thick accent spun circles of misunderstanding in Noah’s mind. “Where are you from?” 
“I am from France,” Rennie said. “I stowed away on a ship last year and landed in New York.” 
“Now you’re on a train?” 
“Oui,” Rennie said with a nod.
Must mean, yes. 
“After I could find no work in the city, I joined some friends and hopped on my first train.” The youthful Frenchman shrugged. “I never looked back. And you?”
Noah eased his sore left leg out in front of him. “I grew up on a farm not too far from here. My folks fell on some hard times. I’m just tryin’ to help ‘em out.”
“Lots of youngsters ridin’ out here just like you,” Artie said, knocking back another dose of his drink. 
“Where’s this thing goin’?” Noah asked. 
“This one’s makin’ stops in Parkersburg and Columbus, Ohio,” Artie said. “From there, you can jump a rail toward Indianapolis or Cleveland.” 
Noah ran a hand through the red curls on his crown. “I suppose I’ll be headin’ to Indianapolis then.” 
Rennie’s head bobbed wearing a grin. “Good choice. Lots of work up toward Chicago. I’ll be riding out that direction, too.”
“What kind of work?” Noah asked. 
“All kinds.” Rennie scooted closer. “You can find work in some of the factories, traveling carnivals, and some kids just shine shoes right there on the streets.”
Noah studied both of his newfound companions closely with his blue gaze. “Either of you been as far as California?”
Artie leaned his head against the wall and chuckled. “Yeah, I’ve been there.” His chest deflated in relief. “Lots of good work and women out west. ‘Zat where you’re goin’?” 
Noah shrugged. 
“If you’re goin’ west,” Artie said, resting his hands under his head, “you might as well go all the way, I say.”
Rennie leaned in against the boxcar’s wall next to Noah. “If you are going to survive very long out here, then you’ll need to know a few things right away.”
He detected a somber tone in the Frenchman’s voice. “Such as?”
“First and foremost,” Rennie said, staring off into the passing corn fields, “you never ride a train all the way into the station.”
“Yup,” Artie said with a sniff. “The bulls will get ya for sure.”
Noah’s face mashed in puzzlement.
“The railway inspectors,” Rennie said. “In the bigger towns and cities, they walk the yards looking for us.”
“Mmm hmm,” Artie said, “and if they snag ya, you’ll wind up behind bars, if not worse.” 
“How do you guys know where to get off?”
Artie jabbed a bent finger out into the growing twilight. “There’ll be signposts along the tracks pointin’ the way. Folks that have gone before you will mark a good place to stop for food or sleep with a rag of some sort tied in the trees.”
“That’s right,” Rennie said. “Farms are the best places to go. You can usually find some work that will at least earn you food and a barn to sleep in for the night.” He lifted his open hands over his legs. “Other times, they will even pay you some money if you work hard.”
“What if there aren’t any signposts before your station?” 
“You just jump out and hope for the best,” Rennie said. 
“Some places have jungles,” Artie said, gulping down another swig. “Hobo camps not too far from the stations where a person can wash up and sleep in peace.” 
Noah’s torso fell back into the cold planks. Why couldn’t I have just stayed home? 
“It’s a tough way of life out here on the rails,” Artie said with a cough, “but I wouldn’t live any other way in this world.”
Rennie tapped Noah’s shoe with his left boot. “Another thing, don’t ever get into the first or the last car on the line. The bulls start on either end first.”
“Thanks.” Noah settled his head back on a small hummock of straw. “What do we do if we stop in Parkersburg? Jump?”
Rennie nodded. “Then we’ll wait for her to pull out of the station on the other side and jump her again.”
“This line usually doesn’t make stops in the smaller towns,” Artie said. “This one won’t stop until she reaches Columbus.”
Rennie slid down beside him. “Go on and catch a nap. We probably have another three hours until we get close to the station.”
Artie gruffed and slid his small bottle into a coat pocket. Minutes later, the old coot snored so loud it could be heard over the rattling of the car. 
Guess a little rest won’t hurt anything. Noah let his eyes wander among the drifting treetops as they whipped past the open doors. The rock of the car lulled his eyelids shut. Images of home disturbed his want for sleep. Just force the tears down. Nobody wants a crybaby around. 
Noah rolled over turning his back to Rennie. Memories of April and Max shrinking into the distance on that porch wrenched a few drops from either eye. He huddled his extremities in close to his body and wiped away any evidence of weakness. I’ve gotta do it for them. 
Clickety-clack. Clickety-clack. 
Soon the emotional vice surrounding Noah’s mind relinquished its grip, and the teen slipped into the railroad’s trance. 


A blunt object jabbed into Noah’s right shoulder jostling him from his slumber. “Go away, Mort. I’m tired.” 
“Get up, Noah. We’re nearing the jump point.”
Morty never had an accent before. 
“Come on,” Rennie said, shoving him even harder. “Last chance, mon ami.” 
“Rennie? What are you going on about?” 
Rennie’s shoes clopped across the interior of the train car. The rusty door squelched open sending a blast of cool summer wind into Noah’s hair. I’ve gotta get off of this train! He sprung to his feet and snatched his small sack in his left hand.
Rennie stood in the doorway of the car with his newsboy on backward. “We’re about five miles away from the station.” His head moved with each passing post on the railway. “We have to jump.”
Noah strode over beside his companion and looked out across the passing farmland. “That’s a long way to jump to reach the grass, Rennie.” 
“And we have to time it just right, or one of those poles will cut us in two.”
Another signal post whipped by Noah’s nose causing him to stutter back a few paces. He looked over his shoulder to Artie. “You comin’?”
The old-timer shook his mangy head. “Nah. I’m getting to old to be flyin’ from moving trains.” He gestured toward the crates along the far wall. “I’ll just do what I normally do and stow away in one of them.”
Noah’s eyes widened in concern. 
“Mah!” Artie huffed. “Don’t go fussin’ over me, boy. It wouldn’t be the first time I’ve spent a few nights in jail, in the worst case.” He knocked back a mouthful of his tonic. “You just worry about survivin’ the jump.” 
The brakes engaged the locomotive’s wheels slowing the line of cars down as they turned to the left. 
“We’re getting close to the station now,” Rennie said, crouching down. “A little bit more and it will be safe to go.”
Noah crouched down on his side of the doorway with his bag in a death grip. He gauged the distance over the ties and rock bed to be close to six feet away. This is gonna be a rough landing. 
Rennie looked like a cat ready to pounce. “Get ready, Noah!”
He mimicked his instructor and readied for a leap into the void. Rennie’s head moved with each passing pole. Noah followed suit estimating his opening for launch. 
“Now!” Rennie disappeared in a flannel blur into the night. 
“Here goes nothin’.” The train’s whistle blared just as Noah jumped from the car startling him out of his element. 
Ah, hell! A flashing red light raced at his knees as his body sailed parallel to the gravel and iron below. 

Chapter 8


The red signal light zipped past the end of his shoes as he arched down toward the ground. Noah’s right shoulder impacted the dry dirt and weeds first sending a wave of hot pain speeding through his torso. The pitch of the train’s whistle sank off into the distance as he staggered to his feet. Lone threads of iron wound out around the bend and disappeared with the shrinking signal poles. 
“That was nothing short of a miracle.” Noah picked up his bag and started back toward Rennie standing among the tall weeds, but Noah’s right knee buckled under his weight. Son of a --” 
Rennie wagged a hand in the air beckoning Noah to join him. The worn teen hobbled along the small hummock of rock and railroad ties under a moonless sky. The fragrant scent of apples forced a loud gurgle from his empty stomach. 
“Come, come, my friend.” Rennie slid down a shallow embankment toward the neat rows in the orchard. “We’ll at least be able to fill our bellies before moving on to catch a train on the other side of the station.” 
“Sounds good to me,” Noah said, skidding down the hillside. “I’m about to eat my spine in half.”
Rennie hurried to the first pair of apple trees and plucked the small fruit from their lower boughs. “They aren’t quite ripe yet,” he said, eyeing up a small apple, “but they won’t make you sick.” He tossed a piece of the hard fruit at Noah. “Here, have some.”
Noah caught it in his hand and brushed it clean as best as he could on his soiled coveralls. The palm-sized apple barely put a dent in the young man’s appetite. Its sour pallet left a lot to be desired, but he forced it down all the same. 
“I figure,” Rennie said between masticated bites, “that we’ve got about two hours until the next train leaves the station for Indianapolis.” He chuckled and pitched the spent core off into the cluster of underbrush beside them. “I’ve got a few dollars in my shoe, and I know several great places in that town, Noah.” He underhanded another apple to Noah. “You coming?”
“I doubt it, Rennie.” He crunched on another dose of sourness. “I’ve gotta earn some money around here first, I think. Save up enough to get a little farther, like Chicago.” 
“Ah,” Rennie said, tossing his core out into the weeds. “Now there is a grand city!” He set his newsboy back on his head. “Lots of jobs. Lots of girls. You’ll love it there, Noah.”
 “From the way Artie talked, California sounds like the place for me.” 
Rennie shrugged. “I travel between Baltimore and Chicago. I need to stay close to the east coast.” He plucked a few more apples from the neighboring tree. “When I’ve got enough saved up, I can take it back to my family.” 
“Stayin’ back in the old country?”
Rennie shook his brown locks. “Of course, not. I’ll bring them all back over here to freedom – prosperity!” 
“Am I missin’ something, Rennie?” Noah asked as he gnawed on his apple. 
“There are many things wrong over here right now, too, mon ami, but my country is still far worse than any of this.”
Noah chucked his spent core out into oblivion. 
“I was born near the end of the Great War,” Rennie said. “My mother had to beg on street corners and sell anything she could to get us food.” Rennie’s hardened stare fell to the green tufts at their feet. “Damn Germans!” He spat in disgust. “You may not have a lot here, Noah, but at least you’re far away from those imperialist pigs.”
“Can’t say I know much about that.”
Rennie bobbed his head in acquiescence. “It’s a big world out there.” 
“And maybe one day I’ll get to see it all!” Noah exclaimed, spreading his arms out wide. 
This led to a fit of laughter. Feels good to do that again. 
“Maybe you will, mon ami.” Rennie tossed his last core into the weeds and wiped his hands on his trousers. “You sure you don’t want to come to Indiana?”
Noah nodded. “I’ll settle in around here for a spell, and sock away some money for my trip up north.”
“Well,” Rennie said, stuffing his hands into his pockets, “be safe out here, and remember what Artie and I told you about zee trains, know?”
Noah chuckled and grabbed his bag. “I will. Be safe, Rennie.”
The young Frenchman tossed a hand into the air and waded off among the weeds and brush in the direction of the distant station. 
“Well,” Noah said, tossing his sack over his shoulder, “I reckon I’d better get down to the barn and see what I can get into for a buck.”
He padded down the long rows of bulbous trees whistling a tune amid the cacophony that the crickets and cicadas offered for accompaniment. The trees wound up a small mound and then curved off into a shallow valley toward three towering silos. The sun still hadn’t broken the stillness of space when Noah reached the tall structures. The lone call of a distant cow gave evidence to the only other stirring creature. He sat on the cool grass and leaned his back up against the nearest silo. Might as well catch a catnap. Then I can talk to the owner in the morning. He slid his bag of earthly possessions close and settled into a much-needed slumber. 
“C’mon!” The blunt tip of a boot prodded Noah’s outer thigh. “If you’re gonna board here, you’re gonna earn your keep.” 
Noah grumbled and stretched out his stiff back. Lying curled up against the silo did little to help loosen his muscles that already felt like concrete. 
“You can come with me,” the portly red-bearded man said. “We’ll see what Buck wants to do with you.”
Noah’s rigid leg muscles refused to propel him from the dew-soaked grass. 
“Up ya go,” the man said, taking him by a hand. “The name’s Rich.” 
“Noah.” He dusted off his jeans and grabbed his sack.
Rich nodded his cowboy hat and studied Noah with a stern glare. “Good strong name. Let’s hope you’ve got the back to go with it.”
Noah followed a long line of men, some bent by years of this kind of labor, to a single-level ranch home. Its long front façade had once been a brilliant white, but storm and time had faded the home’s former luster. Several men stood around muttering about the upcoming harvest and how it compared to years’ past. 
“Wonder if ole Buck’s gonna give us that bushel bonus like he did last harvest,” one crooked old-timer said in a raspy voice. His counterpart shrugged and spat a line of tobacco juice out into the dirt. 
“All right, listen up!” A sinewy fellow in an old tee shirt hushed the group with a wave of his lean arms. 
Buck Wilson strode across the wrap-around porch in a well-pressed tan suit and vest. “Mornin’, men.”
“Good morning,” the group said in an energetic tone. 
Buck leaned his seventy-six inch frame out over the bannister. His manicured handlebar moustache peeked out from the shadows of his brim. “We’ve got a lot of work to do out in the orchards today, gentlemen. There’s only a couple of months left until the harvest will be in full swing. So, I need each man to pull his weight more now than ever.” 
Buck moseyed to the front steps and set a hand on the nearest post. “We’ve still got a pretty good order list piling up for the fall again this year.”
Several workers mumbled in strong affirmation. 
“If you do your part,” Buck said, “and tend to the trees I’ll be able to offer you the same harvest bonus that I did last season.”
A collective whoop erupted from the workforce. 
“I’ll give each man an extra twenty-five cents per bushel that they bring in from the field.” Buck plucked a thin cigar from the pocket of his tan vest and slid it into the corner of his mouth. “There’ll be a small fortune to be had for each of ya.”
“That’s what we like to hear, Buck!” one worker shouted from the other end of the crowd. 
“Very well.” Buck took a drag off his stogie and pointed it in the direction of the apple orchards. “Mac?”
“Yessir!” a gristled white-haired gent down front replied. 
“I want you to take your team out there to the southern end and start pruning out the dead weight on those trees.”
Mac’s red leathery neck bobbed in agreement. 
“Rich?”
“Sir!”
“Take your team to the northern end and meet ‘em in the middle.” Buck inhaled another deep lungful of the American-rolled tobacco. “We’ll all meet back up here and clean up for supper.”
“Yessir,” Mac and Rich said in near unison. 
Mac turned and barked his commands to his team as they headed back in the direction of the barn. 
Rich motioned for Noah to come join him next to the front porch. “Beg your pardon, sir.”
Buck’s keen blue gaze locked with Noah’s own. “Got a fresh one, do ya, Rich?”
The foreman nodded with a grunt. 
“What’s your name, son?” Another plume of fragrant tobacco smoke filtered up around the porch’s overhang. 
“November Greene, sir,” he said – his voice unsure. 
Buck’s brow furrowed. “November? You tryin’ to pull one over on me, boy?” 
“No, sir.” His eyes fell to the lowest stair. “That’s the name my momma gave me, but most folks just call me Noah.”
“Found him up against one of the silos this mornin’, boss,” Rich added. “What do you wanna do about him?”
Buck released an audible sigh laced with another cloud of spent cigar. “Can you work, Noah?”
He nodded quickly. “Yessir.”
Buck descended the steps to tower over Noah. “If you can do your share around here, then I suppose there’s no harm in boardin’ another pair of good hands.”
“I will, sir,” Noah said. “You have my word.”
Buck rested a big hand on his left shoulder and shook it gently. “Fair enough, Noah.” His cool blue stare turned to Rich. “Take him down and get him settled in the bunkhouse. He can work on your team.” Buck turned and strode up onto his porch. “I want him workin’ with you and Toby today, understand?”
Rich nodded. “Yessir.” He clapped Noah on the back and walked toward the bunkhouse. “C’mon, boy. We’ve got a lot to do.”
After his quick tour of the bunkhouse and area around the barn, Noah followed his new foreman down the ruts in the road.
“It’s a relatively big operation here,” Rich said, leading them under a grove of ancient walnut trees. “We’ve got the orchard to tend to, the hay fields, livestock to take care of and the barn and equipment to maintain.”
Noah did his best to take all of the information in as he walked on his side of the shin-deep weeds. 
“Buck gives us room, board and even a small weekly wage for our work.” Rich stopped at the top of the small knoll and surveyed the massive orchard that spread out in the valley below. “Yup, there’s a good life to be had in these parts, boy. Better than anything you’ll find out there on the rails.”
Noah halted next to the middle-aged man and let his eyes wander over the majestic rows of green bulbs. A fragrant summer wind carried the smells of the fertile grounds into his freckled nose. I could get used to something like this.
“Well, we ain’t gonna get any younger standin’ up here a-gawkin’,” Rich said, lumbering down the other side of the knoll. 
The last of Mac’s crew snaked off over the rolling hillside ahead while Rich’s team settled in here for their long day of pruning. The engine of a John Deere tractor fired to life from the hidden lower corner of the orchard. Noah watched it roll in as he joined the other men of his working party at the northern head of the apple trees. The cap on the end of its small exhaust stack bobbed up and down releasing plumes of black smoke and the acrid odor of diesel. 
“Ah!” Rich exclaimed as he slapped his round belly. “That’s the smell of another day’s wages comin’.”
The other men whooped in accord as the watched the tractor and its wagon come to rest alongside them. 
The old man in the driver’s seat slammed the gear shift into park and turned around to face them. “All right, boys. Grab your stuff and get to it.” He spat a long line of brown spit out into the grass. “I’ll be back for ya’ll around supper time.”
The man next to Noah, who didn’t appear much older, picked up a pair of pruning shears and handed another to him. “Here ya go.”
“Thanks,” Noah said, taking the tool in his left hand. 
“I’m Toby.” The young man extended his hand. “Toby Harper.”
“November Greene.” 
Toby chuckled running a hand through his blond locks. 
“Just call me Noah.” 
“Sorry,” Toby said in a more serious tone. “I just never heard anybody with a name quite like that before. No offense.”
Noah shook his head wearing a grimace. “None taken.”
“Okay, men!” Rich barked as he strode down the middle row of trees. “I want you to get up as high as you can reach, and after that we’ll break out the ladders to get the tops.”
The crew dispersed around the many rows of trees and got straight to their chore at hand. Rich walked back toward Noah and Toby. 
“You two come with me,” he said, pointing his shears at them from the first tree in its row. 
Noah followed Toby up the slope to the trees and stood on the opposite side. 
“Now,” Rich said, “I want you to look for the smaller, weaker branches,” he pulled one out from the emerald bulb-shaped tree, “like these. Cut ‘em off at the main chute.” 
Noah nodded once in affirmation. 
“Good,” Rich said. “These ones here that have already got bark on ‘em – just leave them be.” He let the branch snap back into place. “Understand?”
Noah bobbed his head.
“Yessir,” Toby said. 
“All right.” Rich strode off toward the next row of trees. “I’m gonna go get the other men started, and then I’ll come back to check on ya.” 
“Thanks,” Noah said, lifting his shears up level to his eyes. 


The morning burned off into midday. Noah wiped another coating of sweat from his brow and glanced off into the sailing tufts of white high above him. A defiant gargle radiated from his waistline. Time for a little treat. Noah reached out to pluck a piece of the green and red fruit from its perch. 
“Nope,” Rich said, setting a meaty hand on top of Noah’s. “Don’t think so, son.” 
Noah drew his hand back to his side and lowered his head in defeat. 
“We don’t ever take from the fields,” Rich said. “That’s thievin’ and the fastest ticket outa here.”
“I was just hungry,” Noah said. “What are we supposed to do for lunch while we’re out here?”
“They’ll be bringin’ it along any time now,” Rich said, nodding back toward the roadway out of the orchard. 
Noah’s chest deflated as he picked up his tool and went back to work. 
“Why don’t you tell us where you came from?” Rich suggested. “What’s your story, Noah?”
He shrugged as he snipped another small branch off their current specimen of Granny Smith. “I grew up on a farm kinda like this one back in West Virginia. Times got real tough on my folks, and they had to send some of us kids out.”
Toby’s hazel eyes fell to the roots of the tree. “I’m sorry you had to go through that, Noah. There’s more and more of that goin’ around nowadays.”
“It’s all right,” Noah said. “You’ve gotta take what life gives ya, I guess.”
Rich chuckled and patted him on the back. “Well said, Noah.” 
“How ‘bout you fellas?” Noah asked, checking his handiwork. “What led you here?”
Rich arched his back with a groan. “Well, before this I used to work at a building and loan bank over in Columbus. Business was boomin’ right up until the crash.” He lifted the brown cowboy hat from his head and wiped his glistening forehead across his sleeve. “Damn near lost everything. I considered packing up the wife and kids to go to California, but I was able to find work here instead.”
“How about you, Toby?” Noah snipped several more small stems from a branch at eye-level. 
“I was workin’ at my folk’s general store over in Akron when all hell broke loose. One day we’re pretty as a peach, and the next we’re in the dumps.” 
The muttering and giggles of several women stopped Toby cold. Noah followed his companion’s stare down the row to the approaching gaggle of women. Each person, young and old, carried a big wicker tray stuffed full of sandwiches and fruit. Several more lumbered behind toting a pail of water in either hand. 
“Looks like lunch in on, gents!” Rich leaned his shears up against the trunk of the tree and poked a finger in either side of his mouth. 
A loud whistle rang out around the valley calling the work crews in for chow. Noah trailed in behind Rich and Toby as they formed a line in front of the girls. 
“Okay, Rich,” the elder blonde said, “you know the routine.”
“Yes, ma’am, Ms. Wilson.” He turned to the rest of the men in line. “Take one swig of water, one from each tray and find a shady spot to rest for a bit!” 
Noah shuffled behind Toby and mimicked his every move. He bent down close to the metal pail and took the ladle in his hand. The cold water revived his scorched throat and soothed his weary mind. He chose a small sandwich from the next tray and filed in behind Toby. 
“We’re real lucky here,” Toby said, taking a peach from the next tray. “You won’t find this kind of hospitality everyplace, Noah.” 
He took a peach from the slender young hand in front of him. Noah followed her arm up to a supple breast. 
“Afternoon,” she said with a flirtatious giggle. 
Noah’s eyes wandered up into the girl’s hypnotizing blue gaze. “M-ma’am.”
 “See you soon,” she said, fluttering her fingers. 
Noah nodded and stumbled off into the shade of a tall wild cherry tree in the corner of the field. Toby shook his head as Noah bit into his sandwich. 
“Huh-uh,” he said, biting into his own sandwich. “You don’t want anything to do with her.”
“Who is she?” Noah studied the athletic young woman up and down. She wore a pair of high-cut shorts that hid very little, and a red checkered shirt that she had tied off in a knot just below her perky breasts. 
“Lily,” Toby said. 
Noah’s jaw hung open. “Uh huh.”
“Lily Wilson.”
That snapped Noah out of his daydreams. “Buck’s daughter?”
Toby nodded. “One of ‘em anyhow. And like I said, I’d just stay clear of her if I were you.” 
Noah tried to overt his eyes, but they found their way back into Lily’s as if pulled by some unfathomable force. I didn’t know anything that beautiful even existed. I’ve gotta see her again.
Chapter 9


A high-pitched honk startled Sarah out of her slumber. 
Meep, meep!
She rolled over onto the journal that still lay in her bed. “Shit!” 
The green numbers on the face of her clock read, 7:38. The cartoonish honk of Tanya’s Festiva blared from Main Street. 
“Jesus, I’m comin’.” Sarah darted out of bed and raced to wrestle out of her flannel pee-jays. “Lay off of the frickin’ clown car horn already.”
She scurried into the bathroom and let loose the torrent from her bladder. The old ceramic tiling felt particularly colder this morning than they had in recent times. Sarah heaved up her green Jockeys, emptied the toilet, and painted on her face as quick as her numb fingers would allow. 
Meeeep! 
“Come on, Sarah!” Annie exclaimed from far below the bathroom window. “We’re gonna be late.”
“Since when has that ever been a problem, Annie?” She ran her brush through her hair and pulled on the dirty pair of stonewashed jeans from yesterday. 
After a smattering of deodorant and a shot of cheap perfume, Sarah hurried into her bedroom. She grabbed the nearest flannel shirt and slid on a pair of socks. 
Meeep! Meep, meep, meep. 
“Last call, Sarah!” Tonya shouted. 
She cracked her window and leaned out. “I’m on my way down! Hold on.”
Sarah ran to the living room, grabbed her jacket and book bag, and flew out the door. She slid the final shoe on as she popped the door to the building open. 
“About time,” Tanya said, revving the little car’s lawn mower engine. 
“Sorry,” Sarah said, sliding in shotgun. “I overslept.” 
Tanya shoved the small shifter down into drive and made a fast u-turn on Main Street. 
“Morning, Sarah,” Annie said, grabbing on to either headrest. 
Sarah sat her bag between her feet on the floorboard and straightened her bangs in the rearview. “You’re in an overly chipper mood today.”
“I know.” Annie flicked her hair back over her shoulder. “My dad’s in off the road for a couple of weeks, and mom’s on dayshift at the diner.”
“Nice.” Sarah smiled at her lifelong friend in the narrow rectangle of glass. “Where did he go this trip?”
Annie settled back into the bench seat and stared out the passenger side window. “He delivered a load of lumber up in Minnesota, and then picked up a trailer full of something else in San Francisco.”
“That’s so cool.” Sarah’s inner valley girl reared its ugly head. She cleared her throat regaining composure. “I’d love to get out and see the country one of these days.”
Annie let out a dreamy sigh. “I know.” She turned her gaze to Tonya’s reflection in the rearview mirror. “What’s it like?”
“Yeah,” Sarah added. “You’ve been around a lot.”
“More ways than one,” Annie muttered from the back.
“Hey!” Tanya said in her defense. “Most of those boys lied about it.” She made the left following the big blue sign to I-79 South. “I don’t know what you’re gonna get out of me. I’ve only been to Key Largo a handful of times the past few years.”
“Are they on speaking terms again?” Sarah asked gingerly. 
Tanya shrugged. “For the most part. I’m going down to spend the summer with dad in the Keys.”
“Is he still working on the back of that fishing boat or whatever?” Sarah asked. 
“Nope. He got his license to sell real estate.” 
“You are so lucky!” Annie grabbed Tanya’s shoulders playfully. “Can you take me with you? I can fit into a suitcase. I’ll be quiet. I swear.” 
Sarah and Annie cackled as the little car sped down the county road. 
“Look,” Tanya said, merging onto the interstate, “divorce isn’t as glamorous as you think it might be.”
Sarah looked away in defeat. “We didn’t mean --”
Tanya flipped her sunglasses down out of her blonde locks. “I know you didn’t. It’s – never mind.”
They rumbled down the highway listening to the latest top forty tunes without a word exchanged. 
“So, Sarah,” Annie said, slaying the beast that was silence. “Made any progress on that research project for Leckner yet?”
She nodded watching the old buildings of downtown Weston sail by her window. “It kinda landed in my lap after the funeral.” 
Tanya pulled into the student lot at Liberty High and shut off the engine. “Everybody out. This train departs the station at 3:05 p.m. sharp, kiddies.”
“Ha, ha,” Annie said, climbing out of the cramped backseat. “What do you mean, Sarah?”
Sarah slung her backpack and purse over a shoulder and filed in next to her friends. “My great Aunt left me a journal in her will.”
“Hmm,” Tanya said jokingly, “mysterious.” 
Sarah’s eyes spun sarcastic orbits in their sockets. “It’s the diary of her oldest brother. They haven’t seen or heard from him since they got split up during the Depression.”
Annie kicked a pebble down toward the gutter in the paved staff’s lot. “Holy crap. I’m just talking to my Grannie about her childhood. You’re gettin’ all deep with this.”
“What if he’s a rich uncle, Sarah?” Tanya clenched her stack of organizers close to her chest. 
Annie slapped her on the back. “Yeah! He could be your ticket out of this hole.”
“He could be sitting on a McDuck-sized pile of money.”
Tanya’s ingenious insights made them all burst out in laughter. 
“God, Tanya. What are you, six?” Sarah held the door open for the others before wandering into the cafeteria’s inviting warmth. 
“I’m merely pointing out the possibilities, my dear.” The buxom blonde stripped off her bulky red coat and took up her usual place on their end of the table. Tanya had blossomed a little sooner than her peers and the middle school boys had taken note with wagging tongues. 
Annie glared at Tanya as the bombshell tugged down on her form-fitting sweater. “If those jeans get any tighter, your legs are gonna fall off.”
Tanya licked a finger and jabbed her butt cheek. “If the shoehorn fits.”
Sarah snorted into the sleeve of her flannel shirt. She looked around the room scanning the faces. I know you’re here somewhere.
“I know that look, Sarah,” Annie said, pulling out her math book and cracking it open. “You finish your homework?” 
Sarah nodded and lifted herself to one knee. 
“Can I?” 
“Sure,” she said sliding her backpack toward her friend. “It’s in there somewhere.” Sarah jumped up grabbing her coat and purse. “Bring my stuff into the hall when you’re done. ‘Kay?”
“Go get him, tiger,” Annie said, not looking up from the confines of her pre-Calculus book. 
Sarah scoffed and strode off toward the only person that mattered. God, my hair! I hope these jeans don’t reek. She fluffed her bangs and slid in next to the lone blond boy at the huge square pillar in the student union. 
“Hey, Collin.”
He glanced at her nervously. “Hi, Sarah.” Collin fidgeted with the pack strap on his right shoulder. “You feelin’ any better?” 
“Yeah.” His black leather jacket rubbed against her shirt. “I’m doing better.” She let her left hand dangle next to his. “Thanks for coming by to see me in the hospital.” Her voice cracked. “It meant a lot to me.” 
“Did they ever find out why it happened?”
She shook her auburn bangs. The soft brush of his finger over the back of her hand sent (Oh, my god!) shivers shooting up her arm. 
“The doctors still don’t know what happened.”
Sarah’s blue eyes shot up to the big round clock hanging above the double doors to the main hallway of Liberty. Three minutes left. C’mon, (she looked back down at her hand) just reach out and grab it! 
The two stood in stark silence while their hands drifted in the no-man’s land between friends and puppy love. 
Something akin to a warm spider gripped her moistened palm causing Sarah to gasp. 
“Listen,” Collin said, stuffing his other hand into the pocket of his jeans. “I was wondering – if you weren’t --”
An annoying clang rang throughout every hall stirring up the mass of students lounging in the cafeteria. 
“I --”
“Talk to you later?” she asked. Her eyes honed in on the cheek nearest to her. Just go for it. She leaned in and gave him a quick peck right beside the corner of his mouth, and then trotted off down the hall toward her awaiting friends. 
Chapter 10


“Can you believe that Mrs. Smith gave us that much work to do for her dumb English class?” Annie stomped down the hall taking her frustration out on the floor. “Doesn’t she know that we’ve got six other classes to deal with besides hers?”
“I hear ya,” Sarah said, walking up to her locker. She spun the small wheel three times. “Now I’ve got yet another term paper to write before summer.” 
Tanya threw her locker door open a few spaces down. “This is totally cutting into my social life.” 
Sarah shoved the books and handouts into her backpack, and hustled to catch up to her cohorts who were already turning the corner toward the band room. “Hey, wait up!”
The sounds of an old Glenn Miller standard echoed from out of the band room and reverberated off the painted cinder block walls. 
“Sounds like the pep band will be stickin’ around a little longer,” Annie said as she tromped down a small flight of stairs. 
“Isn’t your guy a drummer?” Tanya asked, nudging up against Sarah’s arm. 
“He’s not my guy,” Sarah said. “Well, not technically.” 
Tanya turned and stopped her in front of the band room’s doorway. “Why don’t you go in and hang out for a while?” 
“And stand around lookin’ like a dufus for an hour?”
“No,” Annie said, edging closer to her other side. “Boys like it when their girlfriends are into whatever it is they do.”
“Yeah,” Tanya said. “You’ve gotta support each other.”
“How will I get home?” 
Tanya shifted her weight back on one leg. “We’ll go wait for you in the car.”
“For an hour?” A sudden vice clamped down on Sarah’s stomach. 
“Fine,” Annie huffed. “We’ll hang out in study hall and do our homework for a bit and then go to her car.” Her head of red cocked to one side. “Happy?” 
Sarah white-knuckled her binder burying her face behind its cover. 
“You’re out of excuses, Daniels,” Annie said. She pointed her index finger into the out-of-tune woodwinds. 
“Fine,” Sarah conceded. “I’ll go.” 
“Good,” Tanya headed off down the corridor toward study hall. “Come to my car when it’s over.” 

Sarah had sat on an old folding chair for the entire hour watching Collin’s every move behind the dark blue drum set. His fluid motion and finesse behind that mass of skin and steel elevated him to a higher level of appreciation in her mind. 
“That’s a wrap for today,” the director said. “Don’t forget to be here tomorrow night no later than six to get set up for the game. Got it?”
The pep band let out a collective, “Yes, Mr. Kowalski”, as they put away their things. 
Sarah slid back into her coat and heaved her backpack over her shoulder. Collin packed up the last of his things and strode over to meet her. 
“You didn’t have to sit here the whole time.”
“I know.” She shook a few stray stubborn hairs out of her face. “I wanted to.” 
He smiled from under his long bangs. “Really?” 
She walked beside him as he went back out into the lower hall. “What did you want to ask me earlier?”
Collin’s forehead wrinkled and then relaxed. “Oh, that.” His eyes went to the floor in front of them. “Well, I was wondering if you would like to maybe hang out sometime.” 
A huge grin devoured her face. Yes! 
“You mean, like on a date?”
“Well,” he took her hand in his, “yeah, I guess so.” 
“I’d like that, Collin.” She tightened her grip on his soft hand. “Where do you wanna go?”
“The mall?” he suggested. 
Sarah groaned. “I can’t do that.” She teetered into his shoulder. “How about you come over to my place for a bit?”
“Okay.”
“Thank you,” she said as he opened the door. “Come by around seven?”
Collin stopped on the sidewalk after a few paces. “Sounds great.” He motioned to the lower gravel lot. “I’m parked way over there.”
“Oh,” Sarah said, hanging on to his curled fingers for dear life. “See you later?” 
He looked her in the eye and smiled. “Absolutely.”
She pecked him on the side of the cheek. “Great. See you then.” 
Sarah trotted off toward the sputtering Festiva in the closer of the two student lots. Annie climbed out of the passenger seat as she approached the street-legal lawn mower. 
“How’d it go?” Annie asked, pushing the bucket seat forward so she could climb into the back. 
“All right, I guess.” 
“Looked better than all right from here, girl,” Tanya said, twirling a lock of hair around her finger. 
Sarah’s blood flushed her face red as she plopped into the seat and shut the door.
“Details, details,” Annie said from the back. 
Tanya navigated her car out onto the main road. “Yeah, spill it.”
“We’ve got a date.”
The other two let loose an ohhh.
“Where are you going? What are you gonna wear?” Tanya’s maw had turned into a gossip machine gun. 
“He’s coming to my place later tonight.”
“What?” Annie said in a hysterical tone. “On your first date?” She slapped Sarah’s shoulder. “You dog.”
“It’s not like that, Anne.”
“You gonna let him get to second base?” Tanya asked. 
“No! God, Tanya. I’m not a human mattress.”
Annie leaned back into her seat. “So, you’re just gonna work on homework, right?”
“Pffft, no.” Sarah dismissed that nuisance with a swat of her hand. “We’ll maybe watch a movie or something.”
Tanya pulled the car over in front of Sarah’s building. “Uh huh.”
“You’d better call me later,” Annie said as Sarah bounced out of the low seat. 
Sarah smirked at her through the rear window and flipped her fingers at Tanya. “Bye. Thanks for waiting.”
“Anytime,” Tanya said. “After you’re done gabbing with her, you’d better call me.” 
Sarah opened the door to the building and spun on her heel. “All right. I’ll call you guys later. Now, if you don’t mind – I have an important evening to plan.”
“Fine, go!” Tanya exclaimed from behind the wheel. 
Annie leaned over to her window, jiggled her hand next to her ear, and mouthed the words: call me. 
Sarah bounded up the stairs and flew through her apartment, twirling on her feet. “He’s coming here, he’s coming here,” she sang, flinging her coat onto the floor next to her Mary Janes. 
She spun over to the table where a handwritten note lay next to the wicker basket of wooden fruit:

‘There’s some leftovers in the fridge. Help yourself. I’ll be home around the same time tomorrow.
Love,
Mom’

Sarah picked up the torn corner her mom had used from a sales flier and tossed it into the wastebasket on her way to the refrigerator. 
“Uh, great.” She set the glass container on the counter in front of the block of knives. “Meatloaf.” 
Sarah took a clean fork and cut off a thick slice of one of their staple meals in the Daniels household. While the slab of beef sizzled in the microwave, she buttered up a slice of store-brand bread and poured herself a glass of grape juice from a can, or as she referred to it – welfare champagne. 
She grabbed her platter from the oven and settled in at the table behind the warm glow of the local evening news. Dinner wore on with little excitement from the tiny news station: a mudslide on one of the back roads, yet another tractor trailer lying sideways in the turn at mile marker 119 on I-79, and the county Board of Education still can’t agree on how to make up the snow days. 
“It’s almost predictable,” she said, walking her dirty dishes over to the sink. 
Having slid her dishes into the washer, Sarah trotted into her bedroom to commence the primping for her big evening. Three outfits and two hairstyles later, a light knocking echoed through her empty abode. 
“Just a minute!” She fluffed the big red curls on both sides of her face and scurried out of the bathroom. 
Sarah flipped to deadbolt and pried the door open. 
“Hi, Sarah,” Collin said, returning his hand to a pocket in his jeans. 
“Hey.” She stepped to one side and held the door ajar. “Come on in and make yourself at home.” 
He shuffled past her in a cloud of an unfamiliar odor. 
Is he wearing cologne? He’s never smelled like that.
Collin slid his Steelers coat off his shoulders and held it out wearing an inquisitive expression. “Where do you want me to put this?”
“Oh,” she said nervously, “right.” Sarah snatched it from his hand and tossed it on top of her coat on the floor. “Just any old place will do.” 
Collin kicked his shoes off and walked over to where the carpet and linoleum flooring converged. “So, what do you feel like doing?”
She hustled into her kitchen and pulled two fresh glasses out of the cabinet. “I dunno. We could watch some TV or something.” She extended an empty cup toward him. “Would you like something to drink?”
“Sure.” He rubbed the top of one sock with the other. 
“Water, soda, or welf --” she caught herself, “grape juice?” That could have been embarrassing. 
“Juice is good. Thanks.” He strode over to the fridge admiring a particular magnet. “You go there, too?” He pointed to the one shaped like a weenie and embossed with ‘T&L’ in big red letters. 
“Sure,” she said pouring their drinks. “It’s right down the street from... Damn it!”
“Don’t think I’ve ever been there.”
She chuckled at his banter. “No. I was supposed to drop off another batch of cookies to Josie tonight. Crap.” 
Collin shrugged and wandered over to the stovetop. “Sounds like a date,” he said, picking up the nearby pot. 
“I didn’t bring you here to slave over my stove, Collin.”
He flipped the light on under the oven’s hood. “Eh, it beats whatever’s on the boob tube. What are we makin’?”
Sarah leaned into the counter and crossed her arms. “Are you serious?” 
“Afraid so,” he said with a smile. “I have to warn you, though. I can’t make anything past a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.”
She gathered her ingredients from the tall pantry adjacent to the fridge and placed them on the counter next to the stove. “Turn the front burner on to medium-high.” 
Collin’s face twitched like she had spoken to him in Chinese. 
“The knob all the way to the left back there.” She pointed to the row on the back of the stove. She waited until his fingers found it. “Right. Now, turn it to the number seven.” A miniscule red eye popped to life beside the knob. “Great. Stand to one side while I get it started, and then I’ll show you what you can do.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She checked him out of the way with her hip. “Enough backsass, you.” The butter fell into the pot with a plop followed quickly by a small hill of sugar and a splash of milk. 
“Don’t you need to measure this stuff?”
“No,” she snapped, grabbing the sleeve of his sweatshirt. “Now, come over here and I’ll show what to do next.” 
Sarah felt the warm puffs of his breath fan the curls next to her ear. “Just take the spoon.” She covered his hand with her own. “Now, stir the whole thing continuously until it comes to a boil.” Their hands wound circles around the perimeter of the pot. 
I love being close to you. The allure of his big blue eyes melted the world around them. Collin closed the gap between them, and Sarah’s pursed lips followed. Reality ceased to exist. His eyes closed as his head tilted to one side. She instinctively leaned the other way. This is it! 
HISSSS…
A big bubble of half-molten butter and sugar burst onto the stovetop. 
“Crap,” she said, resting her hands on his chest. “I’ll get that cleaned up. You stay focused on the stirring – of the pot, not me.” 
“Aye, aye, cap’n.” 
Once the pot’s contents reached their boiling point, Sarah added the remaining ingredients into her secret recipe. “Keep stirring,” she prodded. “I’ll set out some paper for them to cool on for a while.” 
“Then what?” 
“Then we take them down to Josie at T&L.”
Sarah took the finished pot of chocolate no-bake cookies from him and dropped a small amount in even rows on the wax paper. 
“How much do you sell them for?” Collin asked. 
“A couple of bucks each.” She dropped the last cookie onto the paper and grabbed another spoon out of the drawer. 
“How often do you have to make them?” he asked, scraping the side of the pot. 
Sarah’s shoulders popped up. “Maybe twice a week, sometimes three.” 
His eyes scanned the cookies on the counter. Sarah could hear the mathematical gears churning beneath his well-groomed hair. “So, that’s about a hundred bucks a week.” 
“Something like that, yeah.”
Collin leaned down next to the fresh batch on the countertop. “Are they worth it?” 
She jabbed her spoon into the pot. “You tell me.”
He salvaged another spoonful of the mixture and inhaled it. Sarah watched as he swished the cookie around in his mouth.
“Wait a minute, wait a minute,” he said, holding up a finger. 
Sarah took the pot from him and dropped it in one of the sink’s basins. 
“Hold on,” he said through his bite. “I think I need another taste to be sure.” 
“Whatever.” She popped a brow at him while she drizzled the dish with soap. “Well?”
“Worst things I’ve ever forced down.”
“Uh!” 
“I’m kidding.” He rubbed the small of her back and sucked on his spoon. “They’re fantastic. You should open up your own bakery or something like that.” 
Giving the pot a final rinse, Sarah laughed off his commentary. “That’ll be the day.”
He set his spoon in the washer. “No, seriously. You should. You’re great at this sort of thing.”
“They’re just no-bake cookies,” Sarah said, setting the clean pot back on the stovetop. “Anyone can whip them up.”
“Maybe,” he said, “but not like you can.” Collin turned around and leaned into the counter. “What now?”
She turned and leaned next to him. “We prep them for delivery.” Sarah handed the roll of wax paper to him and produced a small stack of paper plates from the cabinets. “Cut up a few small squares of that and we’ll stack them on these plates.”
The couple made quick work of the cookies and hoofed them down the street to an anxious manager behind the long counter. 
“Well, well,” Josie said, tossing her dish towel onto its white surface. “Look what the cat dragged in.”
“Evenin’, Josie.” 
“Hey, kiddo.” The weathered waitress tossed her mushroom hairdo in Collin’s direction. “Who’s that?”
“This is Collin.” She lowered her head sheepishly. “He goes to my school.”
“Ah.” Josie’s tone transformed into instant understanding. 
Sarah set the plates on the counter. “He helped me make this batch.”
Josie hovered over the plates. “Should I charge half price, then?”
The gals shared a snicker at Collin’s expense. “I tried to warn her,” he said, pulling up a barstool. 
“Well,” Josie said, straightening up, “if you helped our Sarah with her bakin’ then you can’t be all that bad.” She came back from the register with a small pile of money. “Just mind your P’s and Q’s with her, ya hear?” 
Collin nodded. 
“If you go breakin’ her heart,” Josie shook a fist, “I’ll put knots on your noggin’.”
“Josie!” The warm rush of embarrassment returned to Sarah’s cheeks. 
 Josie licked a thumb and counted out Sarah’s share of the last week’s profits. “You’re like a daughter to me. I’ll leave it at that.”
With a nod of her puffy hair, Josie sat the stack of money down on the counter. “There you are, Ms. Daniels. One hunnert an’ twelve smackaroos.”
Sarah pocketed the cash and headed back out the door. “Thanks, Josie. See you in a few days?”
The old hotdog jockey bobbed her head. “You betcha!”
She took Collin by a chilly hand as they made their way back up Main. 
“What do you do with all of your money?”
She picked up a rock in her free hand and lobbed it into Hacker’s creek from the bridge. “I just save it up for a rainy day.”
They strode in quiet contemplation until at last they came to her door. 
“It’s been really fun, Sarah.” He took her by both hands. 
She smirked rocking on her heels. 
“No, I mean it.” Collin stepped closer. “I had a great time – and learned a lot.”
No pots to boil over. She looked deep into his eyes. “Me, too.” 
He bent in with his head tilted to one side. Sarah grabbed a handful of the coat fabric at the small of his back and dove in for the kill. Heaven! The warmth of his touch and the taste of his breath both jarred her body with a thousand prickles. She made small circles around his mouth with her tongue. The pads of his hands ran gentle strokes down into the back pockets of her jeans. He grabbed her butt in both hands and pulled her closer. Her breathing sped up as blood raced to other regions of her being. One of his palms caressed the curve of her rump while her own tapped his playfully. 
“That feels like a good place to stop for tonight,” she said, breaking the intimate bond. 
“Who – whuh?”
“And I’ve got some work to do before my mom gets back in from work later.”
His hands slid down her arms until they clasped her hands. “Call you tomorrow?”
You’d better,” Sarah said, unlocking the door. 
She watched her man through the front windows until his car dipped over the hill and out of sight. A real boyfriend! She collapsed into the couch cushions, her spirit soaring. And not like Johnny Turner in the eighth grade. 
“My first real boyfriend!” She snatched up the phone from the coffee table and dialed without even thinking. “I’ve gotta call Annie.”
Chapter 11


“Yeah,” Sarah said into the receiver, “we’ll talk more about it tomorrow, ‘kay? The show’s about to start.”
“All right,” Annie said on the other end of the line. “You’re lucky our show’s coming on.” 
“Later, chick.”
“Bye,” Annie said and then the line clicked to a dial tone. 
Sarah double-checked the apartment one last time before settling in for some mindless entertainment. Yup, chores done. Her eyes wandered over the worn journal resting sideways on the faux wooden surface of the table. 
“I suppose it couldn’t hurt to do a little homework while I watch.”
She cracked the book to the entry in which she had stopped. The acrid smell of its faded pages transported her back to another time. 

‘I’ve been working on Buck’s farm for several weeks now. Me and Lily have hit it off pretty well. So well, in fact, that we’ve had to take to sneakin’ around behind her old man’s back to see each other.’

Noah slapped the dust out of the leg of his coveralls as he strode into Rich’s space in the bunkhouse. 
“You wanted to see me?”
Rich’s head of sweat-soaked red spikes bobbed slowly. “There’s a small job over in the barn that needs done.” He poked a stubby finger toward the tool room. “Grab a toolbox and follow me.”
“Yes, sir.” Noah took a toolbox by its long wooden handle and trailed behind his foreman into the humid summer day. 
He and Rich strode into the inviting shade of the rickety barn. The smell of diesel and straw billowed out when they opened the towering doors. 
“Over this way,” Rich said, leading them around the old field tractor.
A huge row of razor-sharp wheels startled Noah as he rounded the corner of the machine behind his boss. Bands of daylight danced on their silver teeth from between the boards on the walls. 
“That’s one of the tillers,” Rich explained. “If you stick it out here long enough, you’ll get to see it in action.”
Noah followed him into a dark corner of the structure. He heard Rich shuffle and clang into a few small things before more daylight flooded in through the rear barn entrance. Rich tugged the brim of his cowboy hat down and pointed toward the nearest wall. 
“These boards here,” he said, “all need to come out.” 
Noah strode over and set his toolkit down below the indicated job. 
“See there where these ones are bendin’ and bowin’ out?”
Noah nodded his red curls. 
“Just use your claw hammer to yank ‘em out,” Rich bent over into the shadowy corner and came back with a handful of fresh boards, “and nail these ones in.”
Noah reached down into the long wooden kit and produced the requested tool. 
“Once you’re done here,” Rich said, hobbling out the back doors, “head on down to the hay fields. It’ll be gettin’ on to lunchtime by then, I reckon.”
Noah dug the claws of the hammer behind the highest board and forces the handle upward. “I will.”
Once the stout foreman had gone, Noah went to work on the chore at hand. Shoot, my pa would’ve wanted something like this done in fifteen minutes. I can definitely stretch the time in the shade to an hour. The first warped board popped out with little resistance. A small shower of dust blanketed Noah’s chest and shoulders. 
“Looks good on you,” a familiar feminine voice said from behind him. 
Noah jumped at the sudden intrusion. 
“Easy,” Lily said, sauntering over to him. “I won’t bite unless you ask me to.” 
“What are you doin’ in here?” He smiled and wiped his hands on the lap of his coveralls. “Your pa’s in the house just across the way.”
Lily leaned against the wall next to him. “I know. I haven’t seen you all mornin’.”
He set the hammer in behind the next board and pushed on the handle. “I’ve been over in the hay fields forkin’ straw.” 
“Oh,” she said, walking behind him. “Has anyone ever told you that it’s not polite to keep a girl waiting?”
Her willowy fingers slid down his chest toward his groin. The touch of her breath on his neck intoxicated him. 
Lily stuck her hands in his front pockets and tugged him backward into one of the stalls. “Time for a little break.” 
The hammer hung between the boards as he collapsed into a mound of hay in the empty horse stall next to Lily. 


She rolled off Noah and lay next to him in the hay. Beads of perspiration coated the light freckles on her face. 
“I’ve never done that before,” he said, lacing his fingers behind his damp head. 
“The first time is always the best.” 
Noah followed her eyes up into the rafters high above them. A small sparrow fluttered into the wedge of light for a fleeting moment and was gone. 
 “Where are you goin’, Noah?”
He stretched his arms out over his body as Lily nestled her head upon his chest. “California maybe. I’m not too sure.”
Her index finger traced circles around one of the brass buttons on his coveralls. “I wanna come with you.”
Noah ran his hand through her billowing waves of flaxen hair. “The kind of life I’ve gotta live is no place for a lady like you, Lily.”
She huffed in frustration. “I’m tired of livin’ on this old smelly farm, and tired of seein’ the same small town.” She slammed either forearm in to his chest and propped herself up on them. “I wanna go west with you, Noah. Take me with you, please.”
“I --” His gaze floated over to the hanging hammer in the far wall. “I need to get back to work.” Noah rubbed her shoulders and got to his feet. 
“Please, Noah!” She swept a plume of straw into the air with an arm. “I can’t spend the rest of my life in this hell.”
“What you call hell,” he said, taking the handle of the hammer back into his hand, “most of us would consider heaven.” 
When the last nail had been hammered into place and the toolbox returned, Noah strode over the knoll and down into the hay fields to rejoin his crew. The lunch line had already formed and snaked most of the way through chow by the time he jogged to the bottom of the hill. 
“About time you showed up,” Toby said. “We were about to eat your share for you.”
“One of them boards was really stubborn.” Noah’s thoughts flashed to Lily. “But I’m here now.”
“Uh huh,” Toby said, scratching his neck. “Boards.” 
Noah looked around nervously and lowered his voice to a whisper. “Listen, you’ve gotta keep this thing between us, all right?”
“I’m tellin’ ya,” Toby hissed. “Stay away from her. She’s liable to get you shot over nothing worth it.” 
“I know,” Noah said, inching forward in the line, “but she’s – we just.” How to put this delicately. “We’re really close now.” Noah’s brows shot up. “Ya know?”
“Ah, God, Noah.” Toby sounded more like his father now than a pal. “Tell me you didn’t.”
“Too late for that.”
“If Buck finds out, he’ll shoot you so many times you’ll be fartin’ buckshot for weeks.”
Noah tugged on Toby’s elbow. “That’s why he ain’t findin’ out, right?”
Toby yanked his arm away from Noah’s grasp and took a sandwich from the tray. “Not from me.” 
Noah got his share of the meal and followed his friend out under a sprawling oak tree where they finished their food in complacent silence. 
After the midday break, Noah went back to work behind a pitchfork in the meadow. The afternoon sun baked the soil and his back with relentless abandon. They worked in teams of six forking the cut strands of grass into tall neat stacks around the clearing. 
“How’d that work go up in the barn?” Rich asked, tossing another fork-load of hay onto their stack.
Noah bent down and grabbed another bunch of the straw in his own pitchfork. “All right, I suppose.” 
“Good.” Rich jabbed the tines of his instrument into the hard land. “Real good.” 
A loud whistle reverberated from the crest of the knoll. “Extra water! Come on into the shade a spell!” 
The tractor rumbled down into a wide patch of shade pulling a wagon loaded with water pails. Mac shut off the engine and pushed his straw hat back on his liver-splotched forehead. 
“Boss says it’s getting’ too hot out here,” he said, climbing down out of the metal bucket seat. “Thinks we needed some extra refreshin’.” 
Noah needed no further enticing. He jabbed his pitchfork into the ground and strode over to the coolness of the shade. He wove his way to the row of tin buckets where Lily waited with a full ladle. 
“Fancy meetin’ you here,” he said with a smirk. 
“It’s a small town,” she said. “Word travels fast.”
Noah cupped his hardened hands around hers and brought the dipper to his parched lips. The cool spring water refreshed his exhausted body. He peered into her inviting eyes over the ladle’s brim.
“Care to go for a short walk?” she asked flirtatiously.
He smiled and tagged alongside her toward a trail at the corner of the field. Noah strode after her billowing skirt over bent root and under sapling branch until they reached a babbling brook. Even Mac’s boisterous conversation had diminished to a faint whisper at their current distance. 
Lily took him by the hands and gave him a passionate kiss. “So, have you changed your mind yet?”
“About what?”
Her lower jaw dropped. “About me, of course!” 
 “I told ya, Lil. My life ain’t fit for someone like you.” 
She huffed and shoved his hands away. “For God’s sake, Noah. What do I have to do, get down on my knees and beg?”
“Well, no. ‘Course not.”
Her bright eyes shimmered under the rustling boughs.
“I know that look,” he said, resting his hands on his hips. 
Lily gathered a bunch of her skirt in both hands and knelt before him in the grass. “Maybe I’ll do it anyway.” She reached up and unfastened his fly. “We’ll see if this changes your mind.”
The magic that followed ripped any anchors Noah had to reality right out of the ground. The harshness of the labor and the intense humidity melted into pleasurable warmth as he closed his eyes. 
A gunshot rang out from back up in the meadow startling the couple out of their moment. 
“Noah!” Buck’s bearish howl found its way through the steady breeze. “Get your hands off my daughter.”
“Oh, shit.” He shuffled backward fastening the buttons Lily had undone. “Oh, shit!”
Buck’s twelve-gauge boomed around the clearing as a mob of voices rose up around him. “I’d better not get my hands on you, boy!”
“Run, Noah. Now!” Lily sprung to her feet and ran back up the trail to head off her overbearing father. 
Noah leaped over the narrow ribbon of water and made for the wooded hilltops in the distance. He had no idea what lay in wait for him in the far valley, but it had to be better than Old Buck’s shotgun. 
Chapter 12


Sarah bolted up at her waist in bed. Her chest heaved in quick spasms as she threw the covers from her legs. 
“Crap, not again,” she said, looking at her alarm clock. Seven thirty a.m. 
She stripped down to her underwear and made a mad dash for the small bathroom. 
“Why do I always forget to set that dumb thing?”
In five minutes, Sarah was dressed and holding an untoasted bagel between her teeth at the front door. She whipped her heavy coat on and flung her book bag over a shoulder as she stormed down to Main Street in a whirlwind. 
“Where are they?” Sarah looked down the road in both directions for any sign of the Festiva. “It’s gotta be around ten degrees out here.”
She took turns with her hands: one bite from the right while the left got warm, and then do-si-do in the opposite direction. One raisin bagel and two sneezes later, the street still hadn’t produced anything close to a Festiva. Sarah pulled up her sleeve and glanced at her watch. 
“Fifteen minutes late?” She shoved her hand back into its warm pocket and went back inside. “That’s not like her at all.”
Sarah tossed the door shut and flung her pack onto the floor next to the sofa. She marched over to the phone in the kitchen, not bothering to take her boots off at the door. I’ll have to mop that later. The line picked up at Tanya’s house.
“Hello?”
“Ms. Heavner?”
It sounded like Sarah had woke her up. 
“Yes,” the groggy woman said. “Sarah, is that you?”
“Yeah. Is Tanya there?”
“Well,” Ms. Heavner cleared her throat. 
You quit smoking. Yeah, right.
“She’s still asleep at the moment, dear, but I can leave a message if you want.”
“On a school day?” 
Tanya’s mom sighed into the phone and chuckled. “Sarah, honey – today’s Saturday.” 
“Oh, gosh.” Sarah set the back of her hand over her mouth. “I’m so sorry, Ms. H. I’m such an idiot.”
She grabbed the remote off the table and flipped the tube on to CBS. Sure enough. Cartoons. 
“Don’t worry about it, honey. It happens to the best of us.”
Sarah sat at the table and untied her boots. “I’m sorry, Ms. Heavner. I’ll let you go.”
“I’ll let Tanya know you called later.”
“Thanks. Bye.”
She clicked the receiver off and tossed her boots back over next to the entry. 
 “Oh, well,” she said, eyeing up the tub of instant coffee on the counter. “I’m already up.” 
She pulled her favorite mug out of the cabinet. It had been a Christmas gift from Annie back in middle school. The unassuming cup had a cartoonish dancing sweet potato on it with the words, I yam what I yam, embossed on the opposite side. Only you, Anne. She made quick work of the java and settled in on the sofa for a few hours of mindless entertainment. 
“It’ll be that long until Collin wakes up anyway,” she said, checking the little clock on the TV. 
She called it right. Somewhere north of eleven, her phone rang. 
“Hello?”
“Hey, babe. It’s me.” 
“About time you rolled outa bed, mister.” 
Collin groaned into the phone. “I had a long night.”
“Oh, you did?”
“Uh huh.”
“And, why wasn’t your girlfriend involved?”
A chair creaked across the floor on his end of the line. “Because my girlfriend isn’t into Axis and Allies.”
“Who?”
“I rest my case, your honor.”
She chuckled and took another nip of her bean juice. “Who all played with you this time?”
“Ah, you know,” he said. Cereal clanged into an unseen bowl. “The usual suspects.”
“Marcie’s gonna be ticked if Paul forgets what today is for them.”
Collin choked on his breakfast. “I’d better call him. You want me to come by later?”
“Sure.” She cradled the phone on her shoulder and cupped her mug in both hands. “You can take me up to the library to get started on my history project.”
“Your chariot will be along in thirty minutes, m’ lady.” 
“Does a Prism even run on horses?”
“Nah,” he said laughing. “More like a couple of hamsters and some cockroaches holding hands.” 
Sarah blew coffee bubbles out both sides of her nose. 
“You all right?”
“Yeah,” she said coughing. “I’ll live.” She wiped her mouth on her sleeve. “I’ll see you in half an hour, honey.”
“Will do. I gotta call Paul.”
She waited with a hand held high. 
“Love ya.”
“You, too Collin.”
She carted the phone back to its charger and grabbed a handful of napkins from the top of the fridge. Her mom shuffled into the kitchen from the other end of the apartment. 
“Hey, kiddo.”
“Morning, ma.” Sarah cleaned up the coffee table and set her mug into the washer. “I’m going to go to the library in a bit to work on my history project with Collin.”
Karla cracked the fridge door and fished out a slice of cold pizza. Its cheese had taken on the white lumpy appearance that reminded Sarah of the bottom of someone’s foot. 
“Okay,” Karla said. “Just be home before 3:30 so I can make it to my shift.”
“All right, momma.”
Sarah trotted off to her bedroom and shut the door. “Time for a wardrobe change.” 

Collin’s horn beeped from down below. 
“Sarah!” her mom shouted from the living room. “Your ride’s here.”
“I know, mom.” She hurried to finish pulling her ensemble together and rounded the corner for the front door. 
Her mom sat propped up in the recliner watching musclebound men in tights beat each other to death with oversized Q-Tips. Sarah tossed on her coat and slid a foot into either boot. I’ll just tie them on the way there. 
“Don’t forget,” Karla said, taking a swig of her soda. “No later than 3:30.”
“Got it, mom.” She shut the door behind her. “Bye.”
Collin popped the passenger side door open as she bounded out of the main door. 
“I was beginnin’ to wonder.”
“About?”
He pushed the shifter into drive and pulled out. “Whether or not you’d be late.”
Sarah let out an indignant huff. “Women are never late. We arrive exactly when we’re supposed to.”
Collin scoffed and made the turn onto Hacker’s Creek Road toward the interstate. “So, what are you doing your project on anyway?”
“A great uncle that no one’s heard from in sixty years,” she said, tying her boots. 
“Wow, and I thought interviewing my grandpa was extensive.”
He navigated the little coupe onto the desolate stretch of highway and turned on a CD. 
“Is this okay with you?” he asked as he passed a slow-moving farm truck. 
Sarah nodded and settled in next to him. 
“Tell me more about this mysterious uncle,” Collin said. “Is he still alive?”
“Dunno.” She turned her attention to the passing snow-covered trees. “He might be. That’s what I want to find out.”
Collin took the exit onto the road into Weston proper. “I wonder why he never bothered to try and contact anyone in six decades.”
“If I knew that then it wouldn’t be a mystery,” she said, tapping his thigh, “would it?”
“Touché, Ms. Daniels.” 
They pulled into the parking lot of the public library and headed straight for an empty table near the reference section. 
“Relatively quiet today.” Sarah tossed her coat and book bag into the vacant chair beside her. 
Collin disappeared behind a high shelf of tomes dedicated to local history and lore. Sarah scanned the area looking for a place to begin her research. Worn leather spines of every color and size drifted past her eyes until they fell upon a collection of oversized tan books near the librarian’s station. She strode over to the small bookshelf and knelt down in front of it. 
1900, 1910 – ah ha! 
Sarah heaved the big book up in her arms and headed back to their table. 
“Looks like you hit the jackpot,” Collin said, thumbing through one of the books in his stack. 
She set the book on her side of the table and cracked its long spine. The acrid smell of its ancient pages beckoned Sarah closer. 
“It’s the Census reports for this county from 1930,” she said, scanning the pages. “I figured it was as good a place as any to start.”
Collin nodded as he jotted down something in his notebook. 
She flipped to the G’s in the book until at last the Greene family name appeared. None of these names jump out. She turned back to Greene, Albert and began again. I guess I’ll just have to review every one of these for their kids’ names. 
The morning burned on into early afternoon. Collin had made three other trips into the rows of books scratching notes into his history notebook all the while. 
Sarah slapped a palm onto her current page. “Found you!” 
The middle-aged librarian burned holes into her from behind her thick goggles. 
“Sorry,” Sarah said wincing. 
She fumbled through the little front pocket on her backpack for a pen. She flipped to a clean page in her notebook and scribbled her findings into it: 

Father – Waldon Greene
Mother – Eleanor Bridges Greene
Children – November, Ina Jane, April, Maximillian, Mortimer, Emma, and Patricia. 

Sarah noted the address in Jane Lew and returned the Census book to its shelf. Collin slid his coat on and rounded up his belongings. 
“You ready?” he asked, grabbing his belly. “I’m starving.”
She nodded and zipped up her coat. “Me, too.” She slung her pack over a shoulder and strode toward the main doors. “Would you mind if we swung by someplace on the way?”
“Nope. Where to?”
She sat down in the passenger seat and buckled up. “An old farm out on the south side of town. We can get some hot dogs on the way back to my place.”
“Sold!” Collin fired up his car and navigated them back onto the interstate. 
The naked trees passed by in sullen blurs as they made their way out onto the back roads leading to the old Greene farm. 
“I think this is it,” Sarah said, pointing to a dilapidated two-story house on their right. 
“Looks haunted, if you ask me,” Collin said. He turned his car up into the worn gravel driveway. 
Sarah shook her head as she shut her door. “No. The spirit has been sucked right out of this place.” 
The home’s once opulent wrap-around front porch now sat in decayed disarray. Bare wood poked through its whitewash paint like weathered scabs. Windows sat broken allowing the late fall breeze to whistle through their shattered remains. 
“Looks like it was quite a place in its heyday,” Collin said, walking around the side of the house. “Who lived here?” 
Sarah strode around to join him following a thin worn trail through the shin-deep weeds. “My Gram grew up here.”
“Check that out.” Collin walked over to a rusted pipe jutting out of the earth. He took the pump handle in his hands and forced it down. “I wonder if there’s still anything underground.”
“Leave it alone,” she said, grabbing Collin by the forearms. “It’s not our place to mess with it.” 
“Sorry.” He dusted off his hands on his pants and trailed after Sarah who rushed toward the leaning barn in the backyard. 
She disappeared into the cool shadows of the structure. “It’s not here.”
“What isn’t?” Collin asked jogging up behind her. 
“The --” her eyes lit up at a rusty object on the far wall, “bucket!”
She ran over to the old pail and picked it up by its frail handle. The brown dust rubbed off in her palm. 
“Congratulations,” he said, “it’s an old bucket.”
Sarah chuckled walking back toward him. “This was the bucket that he used to bury the treasure in when they were kids.”
Collin stood at the big door wearing a blank expression. 
“I’ll tell you about it on the way to lunch.” She carried her find back to the car. 
“You’re not seriously going to bring that with you, are you?” 
Sarah sat the pail between her legs on the floor of the car. 
“Guess so.” He turned the key in the ignition and drove them back into civilization. 
Chapter 13


Sarah’s show rolled into its credits as she curled up under her favorite fleece throw blanket. The apartment felt particularly colder this evening. Her eyes explored the deep shadows in the high corners of the main room. 
“Nights like these make me --” A bright bolt of lightning illuminated the large field across the street making her jump. “Wish I weren’t here.”
The lamps in the living room flickered in the wake of the guttural thunder. She wrapped the blanket around her shoulders and shuffled to the front window. Raindrops pelted the old dual-pane glass creating a relentless hiss. Another fork of light flashed on the hillside behind the Laund-O-Matic. The power blinked out in the small apartment. 
“Great!” She stumbled through the living room in the general direction of the couch. “I so didn’t need this right – ow!” 
She hobbled forward hitting the armrest of the sofa with her knee. “There’s the couch.” 
She sat on the end of the cushion rubbing the bottom of her right foot. I’m not bleeding, so it can’t be that bad. Sarah got back on her feet letting her right hand glide along the armrest. The kitchen table and chairs blinked into existence in another burst of light. 
“If I were my mother,” she said, inching toward the place she last saw the table fade into the dark, “where would I hide the flashlight?”
She waited for the lightning to flare once more and scurried to the hallway that led to her mom’s bedroom. The master suite sat at the end of the hall in complete darkness resembling the cave of some monster. If the shoe fits. Sarah wandered into the doorway to her mother’s room and flipped the light switch on the inside wall. 
Click, clack. Click, clack. 
“Crap.”
She squinted her eyes attempting to catch any familiar contours in what little light Mother Nature provided. Not even the gods could shed light in this hidden refuge. 
“Figures.” 
Sarah crept forward groping with her hands for the end of her mom’s bed. Please, don’t jump out and get me. Please, don’t jump out and get me. At last, the billowing comforter found her grasp. 
“God, Sarah,” she whispered, creeping toward the nightstand, “get a grip.”
She bent down on her knees and crawled along the bedside until her right hand stumbled upon a long, cold barrel. 
“Bingo.”
Sarah took the big flashlight in her hand and clicked it on. Its wide cone revealed what her common sense told her from the beginning: no one’s in the room with you, Sarah. She strode back out to the living room and double-checked the lock on the front door. A stiff gust howled around the far corner of the building. She made her way over to the window and peered out into the dark. The headlights of an occasional passing vehicle showed that the deluge refused to quit. 
“I guess it’s gonna be a while,” she said, lumbering back to the couch. 
She picked up the journal up and flipped through its faded pages to the place where she had last stopped. 

“My travels out of Ohio were full of wonderful scenery, but lonesome nonetheless. I had jumped on a train bound for Chicago and found a dry place amid some wooden crates. Several rolling farms passed by outside the slats of my train car on the way. There's beautiful country out this way, but it still doesn't compare to my mountains back home.” 

Noah wandered down the busy streets of Chicago. Everywhere he looked, long lines of people snaked out of unemployment buildings and food banks. He huddled close along the gutters of the street doing his best not to make direct eye contact. 
“I’m hungry, mommy,” a little girl said just ahead of him. She stood next to a woman in her Sunday best. The little girl’s elegant white dress had been reduced to a torn tooth-stained version of its former glory. 
“I know, dear,” the mother said. “Just a little while longer and we’ll get something.” The girl’s mother glanced around in a way that Noah had seen others of the nuveau poor use. She hoped that no one she knew was watching. 
Noah took the next right and followed the plumes of factory smoke to their sources. Things must be gettin’ pretty desperate all over the place.
 Several folks he passed on the streets spun rumors of a big world’s fair being planned for their city in the coming year. They wove fantasies of huge job booms and drawing in crowds from all over to their spectacle. If that’s the case, somebody had better tell the rest of the city about it. 
The massive smoke stacks loomed overhead as Noah wound around more downtrodden souls bound for the long lines behind him. The foul smell of the factory’s fumes stole the wind from his lungs. 
“How can anyone stand the smell of this?” he muttered into the crook of his elbow. 
The front of the building bustled with too much activity for his comfort. I’ll just slip on around to the back side and see if I can rustle up some food. A line of grimy men stood out back along the brick wall. Some nursed a cigarette in the corner of their mouths while others stretched discussing the latest news of their microcosm. Noah approached the group cautiously. One unintended meaning could lead to a beating or worse. 
“I tell ya,” a short dumpy worker said, “old man Toomey said we’d be gettin’ more hours these next few months.”
“Oh, yeah?” another lean gent in a newsboy cap prodded. “How you figure, Mickey?”
“I heard Ellie talkin’ to her man yesterday.” Mickey cleared his throat and spat out into the gravel lot. “Toomey told her that this big fair was gonna need a lot of construction. From the sounds of her, the old man landed a big contract with ‘em. That’s how, Ralph.”
Ralph shrugged his boney shoulders. “Eh. I’ll believe it when I see it at the end of the week.”
Noah shuffled up to the one called Mickey and tapped him on the arm. “Excuse me, sir.” His eyes never left the dirt at the worker’s boots. “I was wonderin’ if you might be able to spare some food.”
Mickey rubbed his bulbous nose and scoffed. “You want food?” He shook Noah’s finger free with a violent jerk. “Try the local church, ya rail bum.”
Noah side-stepped into the center of the group. “I mean no disrespect.” He fidgeted with the shoulder straps on his overalls. “I haven’t eaten in days, sir. Please.”
“Ah,” Ralph said, wagging a hand at him, “now you went and ruined a perfectly good break, kid.” He turned and joined the group of men shuffling back into the belly of the ironworks. 
“If you want to earn a meal, lad” a burly bald man said in a thick Irish accent, “you can come work with me on the rivet press.” The thick muscles in the man’s forearms rippled under his skin as he rubbed the small patch of brown hair around his mouth. “You’ll do, all right.” He offered Noah a blackened palm. “The name’s Silas.”
“I’m Noah.” He set his right hand in the crushing grip of the gentle giant. “I’d be grateful for anything you could offer.”
“Tell ya what,” Silas said, resting his hands on his hips, “if you can survive the rest of the shift with me, I’ll take you home for a warm meal. Deal?”
Silas’ brown gaze blazed a trail into his inner spirit. 
“Sure, deal,” Noah said, filing in under the big man’s wing. 
“I have a soft spot for kids like you, Noah.” Silas led them into the relentless heat of the factory. “You remind me of meself when I first came to America – a spirit full of blind luck and a belly as hollow as the Kaiser’s head.”
Silas guided him through the hustling workforce on the main floor. Blasts from one of the three main furnaces blew Noah’s disheveled hair back as he strode past the shouting men. 
“Over here,” Silas exclaimed, waving him toward a large, greasy piece of machinery. 
Noah took the extra smock from Silas and filed in beside him. 
“Just stay at my side and do what I say,” he said over the hiss of the melting ore. “If anyone asks, you’re the new guy. Got it?”
Noah bobbed his head and watched the big guy work. Silas leaned to one side and watched the raw metal get fed into his fabrication press. His right hand pulled a large lever down which sent the imposing rivet stamper into the material. With a shove of his hand, the newly formed rivets fell into a waiting bin under the press. One slab after another slid into place under Silas’ steady grip. Noah got lost in the industrial dance that ensued between man and machine.
“Boy – boy!” 
A meaty hand on Noah’s shoulder shook him from the daydream. “I’m sorry. What is it?”
Silas pointed to the mound of fresh rivets in the bin. “Slide those over there,” he motioned to a line of full bins on the far wall, “and bring back a fresh one.” 
Noah took the front lip of the bin in his hands and tugged. The side moved, but the bin refused to budge. 
“It’s going to take more effort than that,” Silas bellowed between laughs. 
Noah dug his feet in and heaved with all of his might. The pile of rivets yielded rattling a few inches across the cold floor. 
“Pick any of the strays up that wander out o’ the bin, mind ya!”
Noah tossed a hand into the air and then quickly got back to his task at hand. This thing must weigh a ton. He shimmied around to the far side of the bin and tried pushing rather than pulling. The bin took off across the smooth floor as he guided it to the end of the current row. Much better! He straightened out his back and drew in a chest full of the acrid air. 
“No rest for the wicked, boy!” Silas shouted beckoning him back. 
Noah took an empty bin from the other end of the wall and slid it into place under the press. 
“Now, you.” Silas grabbed Noah’s left arm in his paw and drug him before the mechanical behemoth. 
He shook his dusty auburn mop. “I don’t know that I should --”
“Nonsense,” Silas said. “The bigger they are, the harder they fall.” 
Silas jabbed an index finger at the incoming slab. “Wait for her to slide into place.” 
The next sheet of metal rolled under their machine and fell into place with a thunk. 
“Now, boy.”
Noah tugged on the lever, but it wouldn’t move. He jumped up and hung onto the pivoting arm forcing the stamper down into the slab. Dozens of rivets clattered into the hollow container as Noah pushed the lever back into its resting position.
“Well done, Noah!” The big Irishman slapped him so hard on his back that it knocked what little breath he had left out of his lungs. “Five more bins to fill and we’ll have this shift whipped.”


Noah pushed the final bin of rivets into the wall completing his collection of metallic mounds. He double-checked his tally, singling out each bin with his finger. 
“That’s it, Noah,” Silas said in a victorious tone. “The end of another fruitful shift.” 
He strode back toward Silas, but stopped when the big man’s eyes darted from one end of the space to the other. 
“Wait for me out back, and I’ll take you home for that meal,” Silas instructed. “You’ve earned your keep today, lad.”
A bent elderly gent hobbled up next to Silas carrying a small stack of papers. He gave Noah a cursory nod and went back to his duties.
“Ready for your shift tallies, Silas?” the old man asked as Noah walked back out to the rear lot. 
Noah leaned up against the cold brick wall of the ironworks and recited all of the presidents of the U.S. that he could recall from his school studies. He had made it to Buchanan by the time Silas emerged from the alleyway. 
“Ready?”
He nodded. 
“Right,” Silas said, meandering down the street. “It’s about five blocks this way.” 
Noah followed his newfound friend through the intimidating cityscape. A group of scantily-clad women sauntered up to them from the nearest lamppost. 
“Whadaya say, honey?” a redhead said tapping Noah on the shoulder. She reeked of cheap perfume and fish. “Wanna go back upstairs and become a man?”
The gaggle of girls behind her smirked and cackled at her antics. 
“Back to yer corner, whore,” Silas said sternly. He nabbed Noah’s other shoulder strap and tugged him to the far sidewalk. “Might as well be dippin’ your wick in the Plague with that lot. It’ll happen in good time, Noah. All in good time.”
They passed several bakeries and meat shops en route to their destination. Images of steaming platters of roasted shoulder with a side of mashed potatoes instigated Noah’s gut. 
“Here we are,” Silas said, taking a right at the next lamppost. “Homeward bound.”
He walked with Silas down the street until it opened up into a small village of crate box lean-to’s and ragged shacks. Dozens of parents and their children walked around sharing news, gossip, and a game of tag. Silas returned the greetings of several adults whose stares studied Noah from head to toe. 
“Right this way, Noah,” Silas said, side-stepping a row of racing children. “Whoa, there!” 
“Sorry, Silas,” a lady said, giving chase to the boys. “You three stay away from those burning barrels!”
“You’ve got a job and you live out here?” Noah couldn’t quite comprehend how it could be. 
Silas lowered his head in shame. “We lost our home several months ago after the furniture plant I worked in closed up shop.”
“I didn’t mean --”
“But,” Silas said, ignoring him, “I found a home at the Toomey Ironworks a few weeks ago. With any luck, we’ll be back on our feet soon.” 
A tall brunette strode out of a small shack in front of them. Her emerald eyes found the innocence in Noah’s soul in an instant. “Welcome home, dear,” she said, pecking Silas on the cheek. “How was your shift?” She peered over the big lug’s shoulder at Noah. 
“Fine, love.” Silas stepped out of the way and set a hand on Noah’s back. “This is Noah. Noah – my wife, Clare.” 
“Pleased to meet you, Noah,” Clare said, brushing her curls behind an ear. “Will you be joinin’ us for supper, then?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She went back into their home and returned with a groggy toddler clinging to her neck. “Right, then. Whenever you boys are ready.”
Silas shooed his clan forward. “Okay. Back up the alley, and take a left, Noah.”
Noah led the pack up around the corner and strode down the street. The line out front of the soup kitchen signaled their destination. 
“Just fall in at the back o’ the line, lad,” Silas said from behind his shoulder. “We’ll be dinin’ in no time at all.”
Noah took his place in line behind another young family. Its patriarch greeted him warmly with a tip of his hat. 
“Noah,” Clare said, “are you from around these parts originally?”
“No,” he said, shuffling closer to the entrance. “I’m from West Virginia and came here by way of Ohio.”
She nodded in acquiescence. “We passed through your state on the way here.” Clare heaved her young daughter up on her shoulder. “Silas worked for a while back in Pennsylvania.” 
A stocky white-haired man emerged from the soup kitchen and held the door open. “Come on in, folks!” His bushy brows hid his eyes. “Plenty of bean soup and cornbread to go ‘round.”
Noah walked into the enticing aroma of a warm meal. His gizzard grumbled in defiance. It’s been a while, I know. He followed the people in front of him around the corner and into the open cafeteria. The low drone of hundreds of conversations fighting for space echoed off the walls. After receiving a small bowl of bean soup and a portion of cornbread, Noah took a seat in an empty corner. 
“It’s not fine dining,” Silas said, sitting down beside him, “but it’ll put a fire in your gut.”
Noah washed a mouthful of cornbread down with a swig of water. “This is the best meal I’ve had in weeks.” 
The Irishman nodded and dipped his bread into the bowl of soup at his belly. “Listen, Noah. How would you like to earn a little extra money tonight?”
Noah peered up at the man over the edge of his bowl. “I might be interested.”
Silas set an elbow on the table and leaned in closer. “How would an extra five dollars in your boots sound?” 
“For doin’ what?”
Silas held his fists up in front of his face and waggled them. “Even if you lose,” he whispered, “you still walk away with five in your pocket. What do you say?” 
Noah’s eyes found the bottom of his bowl. I can hold my own in a fight, and money is money. “When and where?”
Silas slapped his palms together and rubbed them excitedly. “Right after supper. I’ll take you along with me.”
Reality’s bulb blinked behind Noah’s wide blue stare. What if the other guy’s just as big as Silas? Oh, God. I’m gonna die! 
Chapter 14


He walked beside Silas toward the ironworks. Apprehensive thoughts clouded his young mind with haunting images of pain and punishment. 
“Don’t worry, Noah,” Silas said, consoling him, “it’s not a fight to the death.”
Some of his burden melted. “How do they determine a winner?”
“First one to knock the other guy down three times, or knock him completely out cold wins.”
Okay. Worst case, I fall down three times and walk out with the money. Noah went along behind Silas past the back doors to the factory and deeper into the city’s shadows. 
“Not much farther, lad.” 
The big man led him into an abandoned warehouse in the adjacent lot. Orange glow from the firelight within flickered in its filthy windows. The duo stopped in front of a big brute at the main doors. 
“Are you here to fight, or to watch and wager?” the gorilla asked in an authoritative tone. 
“Me and the boy are here to box,” Silas said, slapping Noah’s chest. 
The bruiser jabbed a big thumb over his shoulder toward the makeshift ring. “Head on back and check in with Marbles.”
“Marbles?” Noah strode into the large structure, passing through muttering clusters of men discussing odds and the records of their favorite fighters. 
A sawed-off man stood at the front of the ring jotting down names and notes into his notebook. His ring of disheveled salt-and-pepper hair floated in the light breeze. 
“Excuse me,” Silas said, inching closer to the man, “Marbles?”
The little man peered up from his notes; his nickname became apparent. “That’s my name.” He studied them both with his lone brown eye. “Got one for an eye, and lost all the rest!” He buckled over in a fit of laughter and slapped his knee. 
“We’re here to fight,” Silas said. “The mate out front told us to see you.”
Noah couldn’t look away from Marbles’ milky glass eye. 
“She’s a beaut, ain’t she?” Marbles said. “Took a bayonet to the face in the trenches over in France. Italian glass.” He stabbed his paper with the stubby pencil in his left hand. “You’ve come to the right place. Names?”
 “I’m Noah.”
Marbles turned his good eye to Noah’s companion. 
“Silas,” the giant said. 
Marbles waved them over to a quieter corner of the warehouse. “Here’s how it works, gents. You’ll each get one bout with an opponent chosen at random. First one to knock the other fella down three times wins. You knock him out, you win.” He pointed his pencil to a man collecting money farther down. “Winner gets ten percent of the wagers placed on his fight. The loser walks, if he still can, with five dollars. Understand?”
They both nodded. 
“Good,” Marbles said. “None of the usual bad stuff: biting, kicking, or hitting in the groin. Do that and you’ll forfeit.”
Marbles walked them back over to the ring. “Noah, you’ll be up in the first bout. Silas, you’ll follow him. Any questions?”
“N-No, sir,” Noah said. 
“Don’t worry, son,” Marbles said with a chuckle, “no one’s ever died in here – yet.” His alto hoot faded into the growing murmur of the audience. 
Silas took him by the arm and led him over to the far wall away from the activity. “Listen,” he said, removing his shirt, “the best thing to do is to keep your guard up.” He held his huge fists in front of his face. “Then they have to work harder to hit ya.” 
A tall middle-aged man wandered to the center of the ring of burning barrels and shushed the crowd. “All right, folks. Settle down! Let’s get right to it.” Marbles strode out to meet the announcer and handed him a slip of paper. “Our first fight will be between Noah and Chu!” 
Part of the crowd cheered while the rest of it chanted the Chinaman’s name. A towering barbarian of a man slid off his shirt in the far corner of the ring and strode to the center. His thick pecs flexed up and down rhythmically.
“Great,” Silas said in disgust. “At random, me arse.”
“Sounds like he’s been here before,” Noah said, sliding his shoulder straps down. He took off his stained undershirt and tossed it on a nearby crate. 
“Aye.” Silas rubbed his beard nervously. “Ole Chu has never been defeated. He’s as tough as they come, boy.”
Noah’s scrawny chest deflated. “Any advice?”
Silas walked him to the ring and led him in. “Whatever ya do, keep movin’. If he hits you, stay down. Take your five dollars and walk away with your head still attached, that’s my advice.”
The announcer beckoned Noah to the heart of the ring with a curl of his fingers. Silas’ big hands massaged his tight shoulders, and then one of them slapped his back. 
“I’ll do me best to help you from here.”
“Thanks,” Noah said, striding to meet the imposing champ. 
The announcer glared at both fighters. “You both know the rules. I want a good, clean match with no funny business.” He looked down to Noah. “Understand?”
Noah’s head bobbed. 
He turned to Chu, “Understand?” 
The husky Asian nodded. 
“When I say, fight, you go at it.” The lanky announcer backed out of the ring and rejoined Marbles over next to the money counter. “Ready – fight!”
Chu wasted no time charging in with a flurry of punches. Noah leaned away and staggered toward Silas. 
“Keep movin’!” Silas shouted over the roar of the crowd. 
Noah scurried around the ring like a mouse caught in a corner. Chu did little to evade any would-be assaults. He looks like the sort that would just stand toe-to-toe and trade punches until someone fell over. Chu charged him and unleashed another assault. Noah ducked under the onslaught and landed a cross to the brute’s belly. Chu danced backward shaking his jet-black hair. The smirk on his face spoke volumes: is that all you’ve got, squirt?
The crowd howled and jeered Noah as he looked around for guidance. 
“Yer gonna have to slug him harder than that, Noah!” Silas said, shaking his meaty fist. 
Chu danced in closing the gap between them – his fists wound small orbits in front of his narrow brown eyes. Noah shuffled backward into another warm body. 
“Oh, no you don’t!” the man shouted, shoving him forward. 
Noah stumbled toward Chu right as his shoulder lowered. A searing wave of pain pulsed under his left eye socket, and the champ’s fan club roared in approval. Noah instinctively set his left hand over the wound to soothe it. Chu pounced on the opening like a panther to its prey. Two more stinging blows connected with Noah’s nose and temple sending the boy to the dusty floor. 
“Just stay down!” Silas said, waving his arms from the far corner. 
That oversized son of a bitch. Noah’s ego hurt more than his bleeding nostril. He jumped to his feet and charged Chu in a blind fury. Chu bounced back on the balls of his feet and shoved Noah out of reach. 
“Watch the shoving, there!” the announcer exclaimed from his perch. 
The Asian nodded and advanced on Noah once more. Chu feigned a jab to one side causing him to cover his face. Noah’s more seasoned opponent seized the opportunity and landed two quick shots to either kidney. Noah hunched over as the nauseating waves stole his breath. In the flash of a fist, he tumbled backward into the dust propelled by a powerful uppercut from Chu. Several spectators blurred into a wash of color and sound as Noah cupped his busted nose in his hands. He got up on an elbow and saw Chu bouncing on his feet.
Noah sank back to the floor and shut his eyes. Blood poured out of his left nostril in a steady stream. The announcer’s shoes hustled across the ring to his side. 
“Are you all right, son?” He picked Noah’s left arm up and let it drop with a thud. “Our winner by knockout,” he proclaimed extending a hand toward the brute, “and still undefeated – Chu!”
The crowd chanted their champion’s name as he performed his victory lap around the ring. Noah forced his battered body upright again and staggered back to the comfort of the cold shadows. 
“I can’t,” Noah stammered, gasping for air, “I can’t take this anymore.” 
Silas rolled his bald head around on its thick neck. “You put up the best fight you could. That’s all you can ask of yourself.”
“I’m sorry, Max.” Noah rocked on his haunches doing his best to conceal his failure. “I did the best I could.” 
“Okay, folks!” the announcer bellowed as he strode back into the ring. “For our next fight, may I please have Silas and Ollie?”
“Chin up, lad,” Silas said, pacing into the ring. 
Having exchanged the cursory handshake, Silas and Ollie split up and circled one another like wild animals. Ollie stood eye-to-eye with the bulky Irishman. He wore a long handlebar moustache whose tips terminated in the center of either cheek. His keen eyes followed Silas’ every move. 
Silas landed the first blow in the bout with a cross to Ollie’s jaw. The burly boxer waggled his lower jaw and shook his head of blond hair. Ollie countered with a couple of fast uppercuts to Silas’ left side. The Irishman bent over; his once stern face carried the burden of his misery. Ollie tossed another jab into the opening in his defenses landing it squarely on Silas’ chin. Noah’s oversized friend collapsed to the floor, his thick legs giving out. The ravenous crowd roared and rose to their feet. They urged Silas back to his feet, which he obliged with a nod to his followers. 
The combatants re-engaged and traded empty swings as they danced around in the square of burning barrels. Noah wiped back his pity and walked to the ring’s edge. 
“C’mon, Silas!” he exclaimed, putting his shirt and coverall straps back on. 
Silas passed a few taps into the waiting hands of his adversary lolling him into a trance. When the moment arose, he launched a fierce left hook to Ollie’s temple. The shimmering moustache followed his head into the dust at Silas’ boots. 
“See?” he shouted from the ring. “Chin up!” 
Once Ollie regained his footing, the bout resumed. Standing toe-to-toe, the two juggernauts exchanged body blows with unrelenting force. The spectators stood and cheered the boxers as they battered each other to a pulp. 
Ollie circled to the left taking Silas with him. As Noah’s friend came into view, the price of the Irishman’s pride came to bear. Silas’ left eye had been pulverized into a swollen sack of inflammation that bled down the side of his face. His lower lip leaked crimson in multiple places, dripping to the dust in salivated strands. Silas ducked to his right and faked a punch at Ollie’s midsection. His opponent fell for the bait giving Silas another clear shot at his chin. Noah watched as Ollie’s head jerked up and his friend’s fist replaced the space where he had once stood. 
“One more, Ollie, and you’re done!” the announcer said. 
A pair of strapping men at the front of the ring helped Ollie to his feet and gave him encouraging slaps on his huge shoulders. Silas turned to Noah and poked his arms up in triumph. Ollie landed a cheap shot to his temple sending Silas stumbling to the floor. 
“He wasn’t even ready!” Noah protested from his corner. “You can’t count that.”
Half of the crowd shared in his opinion letting the announcer know right away. Silas staggered back to his feet and held his butchered fists in front of his face. 
“Next one to fall loses!” the announcer shouted, striding up ringside to get a good view of the final moments of this epic battle. 
The two heavyweights stammered in circles around one another looking to exploit the final chink in the other’s armor. A sea of raised hands surrounded the ring as the crowd cheered the men in one of the best bouts in recent memory. Silas lunged in for the win unraveling a flurry of punches, but not a one found Ollie’s face or trunk. Ollie shoved him away and unloaded one powerful cross after another. 
“No!” Noah yelled as Silas teetered on his heels. 
With one mighty shot to his chin, Silas rocked backward to the ground. Several disappointed gamblers threw their hats into the ring in disgust. Silas rolled to one side as the announcer took Ollie’s hand and raised it to the sky. 
“Our winner by knockdown, in one of the best bouts I’ve ever seen, Ollie!” 
The throngs of people dispersed, some heading for their payouts while the rest wandered back out into the late evening. 
“You can collect all winnings from Jasper at the payout table,” the announcer said clearing the ring. 
Silas hobbled over to Noah beaten and bruised beyond recognition. He plopped down on a small stack of crates and set his swollen head in his hands. 
“I can’t even win at what I’ve done most of my life,” Silas said between sniffs. “They deserve a better life than I can provide.” 
A boy younger than Noah ran up to them and stood stunned by the bawling boxer. Noah took the bills from his hands and shooed him away. “Go on! This ain’t none of your concern.”
He took one of the fives and handed it to Silas. He stuffed the other in his right shoe and sat beside his friend. 
Silas turned his moistened gaze down to Noah. “I’m comin’ with you.” 
“You can’t mean that.”
The defeated Irishman slid his shirt over his head and stood up. “I do and I am.” He extended his hand toward the doors. “Lead the way.”
Noah shook his head and led them out the door. I’m not about to start an argument with the big guy in this situation. Maybe the fresh air will bring him back to his senses. The yellow sliver of moon leaned into a pair of passing cumulus clouds as he led Silas to the train station. 
“We have to be careful,” Noah said, sneaking through the rows of waiting boxcars. “There’ll likely be some bulls snoopin’ around here soon.”
Noah crept up to the line of cars attached to the lone engine in the station at the time. “I still think you leaving is the worst idea on the planet, Silas.”
The Irishman snorted in contempt. “What gives you that impression?”
Noah stopped and looked his buddy in the eyes. “Your wife and baby love and need you. So you had a bad day. What of it? Don’t you wanna be there to walk your daughter down the aisle of that church when she’s older?”
“We’re barely scraping by and living in a tin hut!” Silas’ frustrations found their escape hatch. “What kind of life is that? What will I do to keep them alive when winter comes?”
Several pairs of boots crunched in the gravel off in the distance. Noah put his index finger on Silas’ big chest and emphasized each word. “You have a choice when it comes to keepin’ your family together.” He jumped up into the boxcar and knelt before Silas. “I didn’t.” 
“You there!” a commanding voice exclaimed. 
“Go on,” Noah said, flapping his hands at Silas, “get on back to the ones that love you the most before you either get caught, or make the worst decision in your life.” 
“Stay where you are!” the railroad inspector shouted. 
Silas gave him one last grateful glance before he darted off into the shadows of the other cars. 
“Stop, stop!” The railroad bull’s strides came in long uneven crunches over the gravel. 
Noah grabbed his bag and scrambled around the nearly barren boxcar looking for anyplace he could find to hide. He found a few empty crates and an old tarp setting in the back corner of the shipping car. 
“Not foolproof,” he said, pulling the canvas tarp from the floor, “but it’ll have to do.”
Noah made a crude wall out of the crates and buried himself under the foul stench of the molded canvas. 
“Halt,” the bull shouted. 
He’s right outside my car. Nothing to see here. Just some empty crates and a smelly old tarp. The boy’s heart thumped in his throat as the bull’s boots crunched closer to the lip of the boxcar. 
Chapter 15


The bull’s breaths pulsed out of his nostrils. If that short stint of running has him that winded, then he’s probably a big fella. Noah listened as the inspector’s steps crunched back and forth outside of his boxcar.
“You were here just a minute ago.” The bull’s deep baritone voice rattled around in the car’s wooden confines. 
Get me outa this, Lord, and I swear I’ll start going again. The bull’s steps turned back down the line of cars. 
Whew! That could’ve been – Tingling mucus clouded his nose.
ACHOO!
“Why, you no-good little --”
The front of the train car swayed as the inspector heaved his heavy frame into it. “You might as well come out now.” He huffed and puffed like a runaway locomotive. “I know you’re in here, boy.”
Noah lay motionless calming his lungs into a shallow rhythm. Just stay still and maybe he’ll go away. 
A revolver hammer clicked as the inspector took slow and deliberate steps toward Noah’s corner. “If there’s nobody under there then these shouldn’t hurt a bit.”
“Wait, wait,” Noah said, kicking the tarp off him. 
His assessment of the bull had been correct. The tall dumpy inspector aimed the barrel of his sidearm at the ceiling and eased the hammer back into a safe position. 
“I figured as much,” the bull said. He snagged his end of the tarp and threw it over near the car’s door. “On your feet, you little hobo.” 
“Honest, mister,” Noah pleaded, rising to his feet, “I didn’t mean any harm.”
The bull took him by an arm and dragged him out of his dirty hole. Cold steel jabbed into the small of Noah’s back motivating him to move. 
“Any funny stuff outa you and I’ll pull the trigger for real.”
The young man extended his arms to both sides and hopped out onto the wooden ties of the neighboring track. 
“Good,” the bull said. “Now, let’s take a walk on back up that way,” he wagged the pistol in the direction of the depot, “and go for a little ride.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Noah plodded along ahead of his captor, following his instruction at every turn. When they got to the front lot, the bull tossed him into the back seat of his coupe. The chubby man unbuttoned his black coat and set his fedora in the passenger seat.
“Thirteen to home base,” he said into the CB, “over.” 
“Go ahead, Thirteen,” the male voice crackled on the other end of the static. 
“I’ve got a runaway, Sherriff. What do you want me to do with him? Over?” Thirteen turned his chubby face out the driver’s side window. 
“Go ahead and bring him in, Thirteen,” the Sherriff said. “We’ll find something for his idle hands to do.”
“Roger, boss.” His fat thumb of a head turned down toward the steering wheel. “Thirteen, out.” His beady brown eyes peered at Noah through the rearview mirror. “Looks like you’ve landed yourself an overnight stay in the Ironbar Chateau.” 
 Noah slumped into his seat. Jail? What a real mess this whole thing is turnin’ out to be. 
Thirteen fired the engine of his Model A to life. “There’s probably a few fellas that would love to snuggle up with you tonight anyhow.” 
The obese inspector sped them off through town, winding through the downtown district until they bounced down a road on the southern outskirts. Apart from the sheriff’s station and the full-service pumps across the way, little else existed in this neck of the woods. 
“Out ya go,” Thirteen said, holding the rear door ajar. 
Noah stepped out of the car and tagged alongside the bull into the small station. 
“Evenin’,” a thin man said from behind a desk to their right. He uncrossed his feet and let them drop from the desktop to the floor. “Who do we have here?”
Thirteen gave him a love tap on the back of his head. “Found him in a car up at the rail station.” He slid his black fedora to the back of his head. “The other one got away.”
The sheriff stood to his full towering height and strode out to the side of his small desk. “No matter. They’ll get caught eventually.” 
Noah squinted at his reflective nametag: Blake. A row of six holding cells lined the back wall of the station, three of which had youthful occupants. 
“Let’s get you settled in then,” Blake said, walking over to the cells. He pulled a large iron hoop of keys off its hook in the wall over the CB radio. 
“Well,” Thirteen said, “I’m headin’ back up there.” He meandered to the doors and held the right one open. “If I find any others, I’ll bring ‘em on by, sheriff.”
“Much obliged,” Blake said, stuffing a key into the lock of a cell door. “Be safe.” 
With a tip of his brim, Thirteen waddled back out into the cool early morning air. 
The big iron bars swung wide with a high-pitched whine that made Noah’s skin crawl. 
“Go on in and make yourself comfortable,” Blake said with a swish of his arm. “I’d try and get a little shuteye if I were you.” The cell door closed with a cold clank. “We’ll be going back out to the fields at first light.”
Blake strode to the door at the end of the line of cells and pulled it open. “I’ll be in my bunk if anything happens. See you boys at daybreak.” 
It only took a few minutes for the light on the other side of the door to blink out of existence. Once their surroundings had quieted, a black teen crept to the bars of the neighboring cell. 
“Hey,” the teen whispered. His brown eyes darted from the bunker door back to Noah. “Where were you goin’?”
Noah walked over to his side of the bars and knelt down. “Anywhere west of here.”
“Name’s Job,” the boy said, poking a hand through the bars.
“Noah,” he said, giving it a good shake. “How ‘bout you?”
“Same, really,” Job said. “Anywhere but here.”
Job nodded in the direction of another boy fast asleep on a cot against the wall. “That’s my younger brother, Jimmy. Me and him’s been in here together for a couple of months now.” 
Noah rested his rump on the cold floor. “What did he mean about the fields tomorrow?”
Job sat cross-legged on the opposite side. “They walk us out into a big field a little ways from here. We work diggin’ a long ditch from daylight ‘til dark.” 
“It’s a roof over your head and something to do.” Noah stretched out on his back. 
“Maybe,” Job said. “Listen, we’ll talk more about it tomorrow. I got somethin’ real good cookin’.” He got up and walked over to a bed of straw along the wall. “Right now, I gotta get some sleep. You should, too.”
Noah eyed up the rest of the slumbering outcasts and runaways in the other cell. Some of them couldn’t have been more than nine or ten. A couple of the younger boys snored in one another’s embrace. In here, age, race, and creed – none of it mattered. 
“Guess you’ve got a point,” Noah said, walking over to a pile of damp straw in his cell. 
He spread the hay out on the floor and curled up under the rest. He rubbed his bruised nose. His left nostril remained tender to the touch, but at least the bleeding hadn’t come back. 
“A fine mess you’ve gotten yourself into, Noah.” He rolled his back to the cell door and let the buried sorrow possess his body. 
It’ll be all right, Noah. Tomorrow’s another day. The words echoed all around. Had it been in his head, or the soothing support of another child? 
“No matter how bad it gets for me,” he muttered into the bricks, “it’s worse for April and Max.” He nestled his head into the hay and released his grip on consciousness. “It’s worse for them.”
No matter how bad it is, it’s gotta be worse for them. 
The straw’s warmth eased his battered mind. 

It’s worse for April and Max.

Worse for April and Max…
 
April and Max…


“Rise and shine, my little ditch diggers!” an unfamiliar male voice commanded. 
Noah rolled over on his makeshift bed to the racket of a tin mug being run across the cell bars. 
“Up and at ‘em!” 
This skinny little goon must be one of Blake’s deputies. Noah got to his feet with a little help from the wall behind him. His legs wanted to move, but their icy muscles rebelled at every step. The other boys in the cell next to his stirred and moaned their way back to reality. 
“Let’s go,” the deputy said, opening the doors. “That ditch ain’t gonna dig itself.” 
Blake entered from his bunk with a fresh cup of coffee in hand. “Mornin’, Sutton.”
“Sheriff,” Sutton said with a tip of his cover. 
Blake settled into his perch behind his desk and propped his feet back up on the desk. “Takin’ ‘em down to the field, are ya?”
Sutton bobbed his head as he funneled the group of a dozen boys out the front doors. “We’ll be back around lunchtime.”
“Fair enough,” Blake said, knocking back a nip of his brew. “Don’t go workin’ them boys too hard, now.”
“I won’t, sheriff.” Sutton shut the door and bounded down the station’s front stairs. 
“All right, piss ants,” he said, marching to the front of the gaggle. “Form up single file!” 
The boys, some still clearing the crust from their eyes, fell in as instructed. Sutton strode over to their left flank and drew his baton. 
“Move out!” 
The weary boy at the front of their detail led them across the road and down the far side. Noah took in the fresh air and rolling countryside as he walked along the dirt road southward. The sun hung high in the cerulean skies with no threat of a sailing cloud in sight. 
“We’ve got a lot of work to do today, boys.” Sutton twirled his club in his right hand. “Don’t wanna end up workin’ in the rain.” A loud chortle burst out of the scrawny deputy’s gut. 
Noah wandered near the back of the hobo chain gang. They past a few clusters of deciduous trees and a couple of barns before the front of their line bent off into a wide meadow. He followed suit through the ankle-deep grass trying not to tromp through a cow patty in the process. 
“Dad gummit!” Sutton exclaimed with a shake of his shoe. 
Several boys ahead of Noah chuckled under their breath. 
“Good job, dope-u-tee,” one of them snickered. 
That got the whole detail spun into a good laugh. 
Sutton turned on his heels. “Hey! Shut it up back there.” He waved the rest of the line toward the long gash in the ground a short distance ahead. He walked beside the blond boy that shot off his mouth. “Another outburst like that, Kingsley, and I’ll feed your lunch to Jugs.”
The round freckled kid near the front of their line tapped his healthy gut. “Can’t ever have too much to eat!”
“All right,” Sutton said, pointing the truck bed, “everyone grab a shovel or a mattock, and pick out a spot along the line.” 
Noah fell in next to Job along the ditch. Jimmy soon lumbered up on Noah’s other side and plunged the blade of his rusty shovel into the earth. 
Sutton angled his baton out to a small thicket in the distance. “We need to get this ditch run all the way out to there by the end of the week, boys.” 
Noah’s blue stare followed Sutton’s trajectory. “That’s gotta be two hundred yards.” 
“Two-twenty-five,” Sutton said, walking up behind him, “but who’s counting?” Another goofy guffaw erupted at Noah’s back. 
Noah shook his red curls and stomped his shovel into the grass and dirt. Just another day on the farm. A few shovels full of earth later, Job’s fist nudged him in the side. 
“Hey,” he whispered, “Noah.”
He glanced at Sutton who had his back turned at the far end of the line, and then back to Job.
“Listen,” Job said, tossing his dirt in the pile behind them, “me and Jimmy’s plannin’ a run. You comin’?”
“Run?” Noah jabbed his tool back into the dry ground. 
Job nodded and tilted his shovel handle toward the far trees. “We’s gettin’ outa here – today. You in?”
Noah raised his shoulders as he leaned on its handle. “Guess so.” 
“Gonna run south,” Jimmy added from his opposite side. “I’m tired of shovelin’.” He stood half of a head higher than Noah and Job.
Noah’s brows furrowed. “You’re the younger brother?”
Jimmy nodded. “I’m fifteen. Job’s seventeen.”
“Stop your jawin’ down there!” Sutton moaned. 
The boys sped up their work, turning their heads to the ground. 
“When are you wantin’ to do this?” Noah asked. 
“We gonna wait ‘til beanpole over there takes his usual mid-mornin’ snooze,” Job said, evading eye contact.
“Then, whoosh,” Jimmy added, “we’ll be gone.” 
Noah hopped on his shovel head with both feet. “What about the others?”
“Psshh,” Jimmy said with a shake of his curls. “They all scared of the hound dogs.” 
“Dogs?” Noah’s voice wavered on the brink of fear. 
“Blake’ll bring ‘em over here in a bit to keep us in line,” Jimmy said, burying the blade of his shovel. “Most of us is afraid of gettin’ caught in the jaws of them hounds.”
“And you’re not?” 
Jimmy slid down a couple of paces with the rest of the line and commenced his dig into fresh ground. “Nope.”
“If we plan it right,” Job said, scooting in next to Noah, “we’ll have a little bit of a head start on them ole hound dogs before they show up.”
The toe-headed wisecracker across the ditch tossed a small bit of dirt onto Noah’s shoes. “Careful. I hear they feed them hounds human meat, so they drool at the thought of it.”
Jimmy shook his head and scoffed. “Hush up, Kingsley. You wouldn’t know the truth if it came up and grabbed you by the wiener.”
Several boys nearby buried their faces in their shirts. 
“Back to work, fleabags!” Sutton ordered. “I’m gonna rest my legs under that tree for a spell,” he said, motioning toward a big sycamore, “and I don’t expect any funny stuff outa any of ya.”
Noah glanced at Job and smirked along with him. 
“Just a little while longer,” Job whispered. He placed an index finger over his lips. 
The crew had dug the ditch another five feet longer by the time Sutton’s snores became audible. The simpleton’s head lay cocked to one side on the tree’s trunk and his mouth could have swallowed half of the fly population in Kansas. 
“What do you think?” Jimmy asked, leaning in front of Noah.
“I think it’s almost --”
A couple of hounds whined farther back along the side of the road, but still out of sight. 
“We gotta go right now!” Job hissed, dropping his tool to the grass. “C’mon, Jimmy.”
“You boys really gonna do this?” Jugs asked. The boy’s weight labored his breathing so much that it sounded to Noah like he snored constantly. 
“Darn right, we are,” Jimmy said. 
“Can I come with ya?” Jugs’ eyes widened behind his rotund cheeks. 
“No way, Jugs.” Job said. “Them hounds would have you in ten steps.” 
The portly boy’s jowls flattened as his head hung in shame. Barks and howls intensified from just beyond the trees near the roadside. 
“Run!” Job shouted. 
They broke out in a dead sprint across the uneven meadow. Some of the others cheered them on which roused Sutton from his morning nap. 
“What the hell?” Sutton stammered to his feet and got his baton hung up in a sapling on the trunk. “Get back here!” He jammed his silver whistle into his mouth and sounded the alarm. 
“That’s done it now!” Jimmy said, leaping over a patch of briars. 
 Frantic howls raced hot on their heels as the boys bolted toward their freedom. How fast can a hound run anyway? Their barks intensified, as did the padding of their paws on the tufts of grass. 
“Run, Noah. Run!” Jimmy wailed, looking back over his shoulder. 
The hounds’ snorts right behind him helped Noah find an extra burst of speed. A jagged line of barbed-wire fence came into focus on the other side of the trees. 
“You two,” Job said, running next to Noah, “make for that fence and jump.” Jimmy’s eyes ballooned in fear. “I’ll take care o’ them mutts.” 
Job angled off in front of the trees while Noah and Jimmy plunged into the forest and wove among the trees. The hounds’ howls trailed after Job leaving him and Jimmy to make their break for the open fields ahead. 
“We gotta wait for Job,” Jimmy pleaded. “I can’t leave my brother.”
Noah shook his sweaty mop. “Can’t. No time.” He jogged over to the rows of wire and tested the top line. “C’mon, Jimmy. We’ve gotta keep runnin’.”
Jimmy’s head wagged back and forth like the northern end of a southbound hound. 
“It’s what he’d want, Jimmy.” Noah climbed over the fence and held the top line down. “Now, get over here before they decide to come back.”
The adolescent stood frozen in his place.
“Jimmy!”
The return of the hounds helped Jimmy see his line of logic. Noah took an elbow in his hand and steadied his newfound companion as he wavered on the top wire. Jimmy shrieked in pain as his pant leg ripped along the top wire. The tall teen stumbled off the fence taking Noah and him both to the grass. 
“My leg!” Jimmy hobbled to his feet, grabbing at the tear in his pants. 
“C’mon,” Noah said, pulling him along. “We’ve gotta keep moving. Job can take care of himself.”
Jimmy nodded through a hard wince and tarried along behind as they made their way across a wide rolling meadow. The dogs’ barks faded into the rustling weeds at their knees giving way to the telltale whistle from the nearby depot. 
“Sounds like our ticket out,” Noah said.
Jimmy slowed to a stride; his eyes narrowed. “That one’s leavin’ now, but we’ll be able to catch the next train out.”
The deep train whistle echoed around the fields once more. Seeing no further point in running, Noah fell in next to Jimmy. 
“I’d say that station’s only a mile or two away at best,” Noah said. “Where’d you and Job come from before all of this?”
The youthful black boy’s eyes drifted among the bending weeds. “Job and me came up here from Missouri.”
“Just you and Job?” Noah snatched one of the weeds in his left hand and plucked its top. “Not a very big family.”
Jimmy shook his head with a chuckle. “No, no. We’re the oldest two. The other four kids – my brother and sisters – took off in the opposite direction that night.”
Noah opened his mouth to inquire, but Jimmy needed no further prodding. 
“A bunch of ‘em came,” Jimmy said, his eyes welling. “Don’t know who or why. Bunch of men in white sheets. Mom and dad thought the neighbor’s house was on fire at first.” He wiped back a wet sniffle. “Big orange crosses of fire and a big sign that said, ‘Negroids go home.’ He turned his hurt gaze to Noah. “I don’t even know what that means.” 
Noah led them over another fence. The small thicket had become a tiny green blob behind him. 
“Dad told us to round up the others and get out,” Jimmy continued. “Me and Job ran around our house gettin’ the others outa bed.” His sorrow rode out of him on a long sigh. “By the time we had come around the back of the house outside, the men were already beatin’ on our parents and pushin’ them toward the hickory tree in the yard.” Jimmy fell to his knees in the grass and sobbed. “They killed ‘em, Noah. Killed ‘em both – and for what?” Jimmy’s penned-up grief erupted from deep within him. “Job told the younger kids to just run to our aunt’s house a few blocks away. Me and him took off the other way and never looked back.”
Noah took a knee at his side and wrapped the burdened boy in his arms. “Why in God’s name would anybody hate a stranger just because they’re different or come from somewhere else?” 
Jimmy wiped his cheeks on his sleeves and regained his stature and composure. “Beats me, Noah.” They wandered toward the dirt road ahead. “Anyway, now you know why I didn’t wanna leave my brother back there.”
“Listen,” Noah said, turning south to follow the towering column of white steam in the distance. “I’m makin’ my way out to California. Would you like to come along? I can’t promise paradise or any of that, but I’ll look after you if you’ll look after me.”
Jimmy smiled and patted the small of Noah’s back. “You’ve got a deal.” He glanced back over a shoulder to the north. “Job will probably go back to find the others.”
“And you can do like I am and bring ‘em back a pocket full of money to help out.”
Jimmy sped up to a trot across the dirt road. “Now, I love the sound of that!” 
“All right,” Noah said, trailing after him. “Let’s get down near that station and wait for the next ride out.” 
Chapter 16


Light snowflakes tumbled outside the front apartment window as Sarah and her mom set out their boxes of Christmas décor. They had collected several boxes of various ornaments from stores and loved ones through the years, but only one really mattered to her. Sarah had won it at one of her aunt’s holiday parties when she was ten. 
“There we go,” her mom said, placing the last section of their artificial tree together. “As beautiful as the day we chopped it down at that yard sale.”
Sarah shook her head wearing a smirk. “Mom.” 
“What,” Karla said in her defense, “we did, didn’t we?” She rummaged through an old cardboard box labeled, ‘xmas stuff’. “I think we left it in here last year.”
“You’d better not hang it on the tree.”
Karla dug into the box of miniature reindeer and porcelain elf houses, paying Sarah no heed. “I’m pretty sure it was this box.”
“Mom, don’t touch my ornament.” 
Her mother tossed a playful glance over the rims of her reading glasses, and then produced the little green porcelain pickle on its string. “Ta da!” 
Sarah rushed over and snatched it out of her mom’s teasing grasp. “Give me my pickle.” 
“Okay, okay,” Karla said, rummaging through the box, “hang your pickle, kiddo.”
To an undiscerning eye, the ornament appeared to be nothing more than a shiny, cheap ordinary dill. Sarah and her mom knew better, though. It represented one of the best Christmases in their memories. 
Sarah eyed up the tree for the perfect perch for her pickle. “You remember how crazy Johnny and Joanie ran around Aunt Trish’s tree at that party?”
Karla laughed as she set out the red and green bulbs on the sofa. “I thought your cousins were gonna tear her tree to pieces.”
Sarah snorted as she rounded the far side of their tree. “I thought Uncle Don was going to chase them halfway home.”
Karla exploded in a fit of laughter that doubled her over on the sofa. “He came up with some colorful places to stuff that pickle.”
Sarah fell back against the wall and convulsed from her joyous fits. “Those two must have trampled every gift under the tree.” She wiped back her tears and went about hanging her ornament. “I really miss Aunt Trish’s parties.”
“I know,” her mom said, handing her a red bulb. “That’s life in the Army, kiddo. You go where they tell you.”
Sarah took the sparkling sphere and hung it on the tree. “Where is she stationed again?”
Karla downed a swig of her eggnog and set the mug back on her coffee table. “Last I talked to her, she was still down in Florida somewhere helping train their cops or something.”
Sarah hung a green Christmas bulb close to its red counterpart. “I wonder what Johnny and Joanie are up to these days?”
“Dunno.” Her mom set the hook on another scaled-down North Pole abode. “Stayin’ outa trouble, hopefully.”
Sarah placed the small fake gingerbread house on the tree and strode into the kitchen. 
“You all right?” her mom asked as she passed. 
Sarah turned the small radio under the microwave on and tuned in a local station playing holiday favorites. This is nice – really nice. The snow intensified to an all-out shower and blanketed the trees on the far hill. Her mom plugged a string of white lights into the nearby socket helping to set the surreal scene. 
“Still work, thank God,” Karla said, tossing the string of lights to the floor. 
 Sarah went back to decorating the tree while her mom wrapped it in lights. Everything’s coming together for a change. Only a few of their ornaments remained in the last box. 
“Ah, darn it,” her mom said, jabbing a fist into her thigh. “Sarah, can you run up in the attic and get the star down? I can’t believe I forgot it.”
She strode toward Karla’s bedroom with a spring in her step. “Sure, mom.”
The access to their scuttle attic sat tucked in a corner of her mother’s bedroom. Fortunately, the owner of the apartment had installed a retractable ladder into the pull-down attic access. She made her way to the back corner of the room and gave the dangling cord a strong tug. Having secured the small set of stairs on the floor, Sarah ascended into the musty cold hollow. 
“God, it stinks in here,” she said, covering her airways. 
Sarah turned the attic bulb on with a pull of its string. A small inhabitant scurried out into the elements as she invaded its home. Red planks of worn oak lined the floor in the cramped space. Several boxes and plastic bins lay strewn about in disarray. 
“Where do I even start in this mess?” Sarah crawled into the hoard shoving containers of vinyl records and old papers out of her way. 
A tiny fountain of silver tinsel wavered in the light draft from the open door. Sarah crept over to the small white box and removed it from the box of files and papers. One of these caught the teen’s attention as she turned back in the direction of the steps. 
“No way.” Sarah gingerly slid the faded sheet out from under her old grade school class pictures. “Ugh. Whose idea was it to sculpt my hair in to a red mushroom afro?”
She held the yellowed paper into the light. “Untied Medical Center, 1976. Yup, that’s me.” Sarah sat down and read over her birth record. “Was I a morning baby, or an afternoon one? Given my habits, I’d vote afternoon.”
Her drifting eyes stopped on the document at the line of information on her father.

Last Name/ First Name Middle 	D.O.B 	D.O.D.
Jenkins, Albert R.		  9/14/1958	

“No date of death?” Her mouth went dry, and the paper shook in her hands.  She peered at the postage stamp on the outer envelope for the record: Aug. 21, 1981. A searing anguish welled up beneath her pale skin as she placed the record back into its box. “Now isn’t the time.” 
“A you all right, kiddo?” Karla bellowed from the living room. 
“Fine!” She crawled to the stairs and planted a foot on the top rung of the ladder. “Be down in a sec.”
Sarah closed up shop and strode back into the living room hatching a passive way to prove her theory. If I come out and say it, she’ll shut down and not share a thing. She stopped at the thermostat on the wall and turned the dial up to seventy-two. How to go about this tactfully. 
“Mom,” she asked, rounding the corner of the sofa, “can you tell me about my father?”
Karla scoffed as she plugged in another strand of white lights. “Why do you wanna dig that old bone up for?” 
She shrugged, dropping the faux gold star on the couch. “The time of year just gets me to wondering about what it would have been like to have one I guess.”
Karla sighed and retrieved the crowning ornament from the cushion. “I know I’ve told you about it at least a dozen times --”
“I know, mom.” She walked over to the window and let her mind sail among the cascading flakes. “Could you tell it to me again, please?”
Her mom’s head fell back on her neck. “Fine.” She stuffed the top of the tree into the base of their multi-colored star. 
“Your dad and I knew each other back in high school and dated for most of that time. We went to Liberty, too. It was probably just as crappy then as it is now.” She took a seat on the couch and finished off her drink. “Anyway, we were in love back then and one thing led to another… Then you came along.” 
Sarah watched her mother’s gaze fall to the worn shag carpet. 
“A few months later,” Karla continued, “we all got the bad news that your father had been in a serious car accident and died.” 
“When did that happen?” Sarah asked as she crossed her arms at the window. 
“That would have been in ’77, if I remember correctly.” Karla took her mug to the kitchen sink and gave it a quick rinse. “What does it matter?”
Sarah wagged her head slowly, her glazed stare transfixed by winter’s dance.  “Guess I was just curious. That’s all.”
“Well,” her mother said, heading down the hall to her bedroom, “I’ve gotta get changed to go in to work.” Her voice trailed off into the sixty-cycle hum of the heating unit. “Why don’t you go grab some T&L for dinner later?”
“Maybe.” The slam of her mom’s door cut her word in half. 
Sarah plopped down in the armchair and collected her thoughts. She says he died in 1977. If that’s so, then why is there no date of death on my record? She criss-crossed her legs in the chair. The wreck did happen after I was born, but the date on the envelope was from 1981. She likely got that copy before I went to kindergarten. Why wouldn’t his death show up three years after the fact?
Karla flew into their kitchen and grabbed her lunch from the fridge. “I’m on the way back out, Sarah.” She fluttered her free hand at the mess on the floor. “Could you put those boxes and things back up in the attic later?”
“No prob.” 
Karla pulled on her black coat and laced up her work boots. “I’ll see ya in the morning, hon.” 
“Yup.” 
“Don’t stay out too late.” She shut the door behind her with an extra stubborn tug. 
Bing Crosby’s voice bounced around the hollow space as she surveyed the room. “Guess it’s just you and me again.” Her blue eyes came to rest on the telephone in its charger. “Then again.”
She hopped out of the chair and dialed Collin’s number. “Come on, be home.”
“Hello?” a woman answered. 
“Mrs. Rogers?”
“Yes.” Her voice came across as stately and refined. “And who is this?”
“It’s Sarah. Is Collin home?” 
“Mmm. Let me see.”
That was definitely a bad ‘mmm’. 
In a few minutes, Mrs. Rogers came back on the line. “I’m sorry, dear. I’m afraid I can’t find him.”
Great.
“May I leave a message for him?”
“Could you just tell him that I called?” Her tone sounded like someone had let the wind out of her birthday balloon. 
“Of course, dear.” 
Was that a hint of condescension?
Sarah clicked off the phone and dumped it into its cradle. A dull pain throbbed just behind the bridge of her nose. She pulled a twenty-ounce bottle of soda out of the fridge’s door and knocked back a mouthful. 
“Just what I need right now,” she said, clutching her lower abdomen. “I hope she bought more pads.”
BLEEP.
“Holy!” Sarah jumped away from the flashing LED on the phone’s cradle. 
BLEEP.
She pressed the talk button and set the receiver to her ear. “Hello?”
“Did you just try callin’ me?”
Whew! There is a Lord in Heaven. 
“Hey, Collin. As a matter of fact, I did.” She strode to the couch and nursed her soda. “Your mother said you weren’t home.”
Collin sighed into the phone. “I’ve been here the whole time, babe. I swear.” 
“I believe you.” She set the pop down on the coffee table. “What’s your mom have against me?”
“I don’t know.”
She gritted her teeth and painted an imaginary ceiling mural with her eyes. 
“What did you want?”
Sarah shifted to the edge of her seat.” Oh, yeah. I wanted to see if you could run me up to the Clerk’s Office in Clarksburg.”
“Man.” 
“Don’t whine,” she said. “You’re far less attractive when you bellyache.”
“But, it’s snowin’ out and cold,” he said. 
“Tell ya what.” She got up from the couch and stacked the empty boxes over in the hallway. “You give me a lift and I’ll buy us dinner.” 
“Hot dogs and cookies?” The excitement returned to his voice. 
She giggled into the phone. “If that’s what you want, sure.”
“Deal! What time you want me over?”
Sarah tossed another empty box down her mom’s side of the apartment. “Whenever you can get here.”
Collin’s voice trailed away from his end of the connection. “I’ll be there in like ten minutes.”
The soft hum of a dial tone filled the void. “Love you, too.” She turned it off and toted the phone back to its resting place. “Men.”
The dull pain in her abdomen called her to the bathroom. “Yeah, yeah,” she said with a moan. “I’ll deal with you first.” 
No sooner had she turned the exhaust fan in the bathroom off than the telltale clown-car honk beckoned Sarah out the front door. After putting on her shoes and coat, she grabbed her purse and locked up behind her. 
“Your chariot awaits, madam,” he said, popping the passenger door ajar. 
“You’re such a gentleman,” she said, getting settled. 
Collin drove them out in the direction of I-79 North. “So, what’s at the Clerk’s Office – more history stuff?”
She shrugged and turned on the radio. “Something like that, yeah.”
“Listen,” he said, turning on the merge ramp, “I’m sorry about my mom and all.”
She placed her hand on his thigh and gave it a gentle tap. “Don’t worry about it. I guess I just rubbed her the wrong way or something.”
“She’s just --” He merged onto the highway and sped up over the small hill. 
“Doesn’t like me?” Sarah’s gaze hardened as she stared out across the passing landscape. “Not good enough for you? It’s okay. I’m used to it.”
Collin leaned against his door. “Whoa! I didn’t intend on picking a fight or anything.”
Her gut clamped down in a wave of stabbing agony. “I’m sorry. It’s not your fault.” She dug her nails into the flesh of her palm until the wave receded. “I’ll try to contain myself.”
The silence ended when Collin cut the engine off in the parking lot of the City Hall. The snow squall had tapered to a few stray flakes swirling around the building’s dome. Sarah wrapped her coat close to her body and led them out of the chilly afternoon and into City Hall. 
“What are we looking for exactly?” he asked, unzipping his leather jacket. 
She pushed her purse up on her shoulder as she strode up to the main desk. “I’ll do the research part if you’ll give me a hand with the copying.”
“Consider it done.”
Someone’s grandma waddled up to the opposite side of the desk and set her plump hands on its polished oaken surface. “How may I help you two today?” Her snow-white curls reminded Sarah of Gram. 
“Hello,” Sarah said with a smile. “Could you help me find the deeds for a particular person?”
The clerk’s head tilted to one side. “Depends on who you’re lookin’ for, dear.” She waved the couple into the room behind her counter. “Some of them are easier to locate than others.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Sarah said, falling in behind the clerk. 
“Do you have a name or an address, honey?”
Sarah halted at a long table near the center of the Deed Room. “I’ve got a name, ma’am.”
“The name’s Colleen, honey, not ma’am.” 
“Thanks, Colleen.” Sarah handed her the torn slip of notebook paper.
Colleen went right to work pointing to each worn spine as she shuffled down the wall. “There we go.” She tugged on a huge brown book with all of her might, but surrendered in a huff. “Can you get that down for me, young man?”
“The name’s Coh --” he grabbed the book and set it on the table behind them. “Ah, never mind. It would be too confusing.”
Colleen licked a thumb and flipped through the legal-sized pages of recorded deeds in Harrison County. After a couple of unsure shakes of her curls, the clerk slapped an open page with a triumphant, “Aha!” 
“Thanks again for your help,” Sarah said, pulling up an old wooden chair. 
“If you need anything else,” Colleen said, waddling to the doorway, “just holler.”
Sarah dove into the page like a hunter to his treasure. “See that!” She stabbed the top portion of the deed with her index finger. “This deed was written in 1989 in his name.”
“Whose name?” Collin asked, sliding closer to her.
“My father,” she said, not taking her eyes from the deed. “We need to get a copy of this.” She batted her baby blues at Collin. “Would you?”
He stood with a moan. “If you weren’t my girlfriend --”
“And buying you hot dogs…”
“That, too.” He toted the massive volume up to the front counter and made her request.
Sarah rounded up her belongings and joined him out front. Colleen hobbled up to the desk and slid a small stack of papers toward them. “That’ll be thirty-five cents.”
Sarah dug some change out of her pocketbook and dropped it in Colleen’s shaky hand. “Thanks again for your help, Colleen.” 
The aged clerk scrunched her jowls with a, “Bah!” Colleen walked over to help the next customer. “They’ve gotta pay me to do something, honey.” 
Collin turned up the heat in his Prism and drove them back into Clarksburg traffic. “Now for some of those dogs.” 
Sarah bumped the heat down and buckled in. “Can we swing by someplace on the way out?”
“You wanna drive down Duff Avenue?” 
She nodded studying the address on the deed. “We don’t have to stop or anything. I just want to see what the place looks like.”
“Sure.” He maneuvered the car around to the south side of town near Nutter Fort. 
At the next light, he made a right onto Duff and crested the small hill. All of the homes down this street sat packed in next to one another like sardines. Most homes were the two-story variety nestled into a narrow plot of land. Their paint and stucco had been chipped away by years of exposure and neglect. 
“Slow down,” Sarah said, pointing over his steering wheel. “There it is.”
She watched his needle dip below twenty as the car rolled past the antiquated sand-colored house. “325 Duff – that’s the one.”
An overweight man dug into the light blanket of snow covering his sidewalk. His unkempt red curls rustled in the breeze. Sarah nearly climbed into Collin’s lap to get a clear look at him. Hundreds of freckles dotted his rosy cheeks. The middle-aged man’s eyes sat like a pair of black coals behind his thick glasses. 
“Easy, killer.” Collin sped back up and turned back out of the worn-down neighborhood. 
“What if that was him?” she asked, settling back into her seat. “I’m pretty sure it was him.”
“Have you ever seen a picture of your dad before?”
“Until today,” she said, “I was certain he was dead.” 
Collin drove the car back down the interstate heading southbound. “I’ll take that as a no.”
“But we have the same color of hair.” The passing white lines glazed her blue eyes over. 
“I have the same color of hair as Bret Michael, but that doesn’t mean we’re related.”
Why is my world full of jerks today? She searched the rolling hillsides for an answer. “I think I’ve got a way to find out if it’s the same person.”
“Oh, yeah?” he asked, accelerating the car over a tall hill. 
A mischievous grin spread over her face. “Yup. I’ll show you what I mean when we get back home.”


Sarah popped her front door open with a dull crack. Collin trailed in behind her carrying an armload of Styrofoam containers and two cups of soda. 
“Just set it down on the table,” she said, kicking off her boots. Sarah tossed her coat over the arm of the sofa as she trotted past it down the hall. “I’ll be right back.” 
She pulled the cord on the attic stairs and unfolded them to the carpet. I hope she’s got one. Sarah flew up the small steps like a veteran fire fighter. She flicked on the attic light once she reached the top. 
“How can one person own so much junk?” 
Sarah wove among the boxes in the chilly draft that seeped in from the oxeye window on the far brick wall. Some had a stray sleeve or piece of china jutting out of the top while others remained taped shut from the move. 
She stopped and scanned the cluttered attic for any sign that might point her in the right direction. “More papers, my old stuffed animals…” Her eyes locked onto a white leather sleeve laying on the top of a box to her left. “Bingo!” 
The nimble teen made her way back into the tight space and knelt before the partially opened container. “Just as I thought.” Sarah lifted the old letterman’s jacket out and laid it out across the boxes. The blue felt had her mom’s name stitched into it in white flowing letters. 
“Softball? Volleyball?” She ran her fingers over the matted felt patches on the other sleeve. “She probably has one.”
Sarah folded the jacket and set it aside. A small collection of loose photographs covered what she sought. Her mom’s senior photo showed a different person in a better time. “She looked so happy.” The old yearbook sat shrouded in a thin layer of dust, but none the worse for wear. 
Sarah pulled it out and returned the other items to their time capsule. She scurried on all fours to the steps propelled by the grumble of her belly. “You’d better not be eatin’ my slaw dogs!” 
Collin mumbled something through a half-masticated bite as she descended the steps back into the apartment. Once she had secured the attic access, Sarah jogged to the kitchen huddling her treasure close to her bosom. 
“What’s that?” he asked. Collin sat his mangled hot dog in its container and slurped his cola. 
“I present to you exhibit A,” she said, brushing the layer of dust onto the carpet. 
“Let’s see what you’ve got, Inspector Gadget.”
She opened the yearbook to the photos of the senior class. She turned past the first several letters of the alphabet getting a few chuckles from wild hairdos along the way. Having hit the J’s, she stopped and set the open yearbook on the table between them. 
“There he is,” she said, tapping Albert Jenkins’ senior picture. “Red curls, freckles, and all.”
Collin slid his chair around to get a better look at her evidence. “How can you tell they’re red from a black and white photo?”
Sarah slapped his arm. “Shut up.”
“I’ll definitely give you the freckles,” he said edging closer to the book, “and the cheeks. That guy today had the same cheeks.”
She brushed her hands on her jeans and dug into her dinner. “That guy we saw was him.” Sarah chased the spicy bite of hot dog with a swig of soda. “It was my dad.”
Collin moved his seat back to its original place and finished his meal. “Let’s suppose that it is your dad. What are you gonna do now?”
“That’s exactly it.” Sarah licked her fingers and snagged a thin napkin from the pile on the table. “I don’t know.”
Chapter 17


The humidity of the midmorning summer bore down on Noah like a ton of stone. He and Jimmy strode through the shin-deep weeds a couple of hundred yards away from the rails outside of St. Louis, Missouri. 
“What now?” Jimmy asked, wiping the perspiration from his dark brow. 
Noah plucked a weed and tucked it into his mouth. “I figured we’d go into town, maybe get us some dinner, and then go lookin’ for some work.” He spat the gristled end of the grass onto the ground. “What do you think?”
“I’m starvin’.”
“Lunch it is, then,” Noah said, loping through the fragrant grass. “My treat.” 
“How you gonna manage that?” Jimmy skipped up beside him and snagged a weed of his own. 
Noah turned his blue gaze up into the drifting tufts of cloud. “I’ve got a little money socked away. Don’t worry.”
A swift breeze swept across the meadow flooding the area with the scent of the Mississippi’s fresh black waters. The familiar aroma brought the first smile to Noah’s face in weeks. 
“Smell that?” he asked, poking his weed into the air. 
Jimmy acknowledged with a bob of his head. 
“Reminds me of a great creek we used to have back home.” He tucked his hands between the chest flap of his coveralls and his undershirt. “Me and my brothers would sit out there under the trees for hours. You and Job ever do any fishin’?”
Jimmy’s face hardened in disbelief. “Of course! We had a couple of holes for fishin’ and swimin’.” 
They walked past a large lake and around the B&O Freight depot on the east side of the city. As they strode over the bridge spanning the massive river, the familiar stench of diesel and steel flooded Noah’s nostrils. People of all colors and creeds moped around the streets of St. Louis; their sagging expressions told a story far worse than any other place in the crippled nation. 
“This place looks miserable,” Jimmy said as he stopped next to Noah. 
“Bet they got hit pretty hard by this mess.” Noah led the way around the first corner and up the sidewalk. “Looks like some shops are still open.” 
Noah lifted his nose into the air to get a better whiff of the grilling meat. “I think I’ve found our spot. Let’s go!” 
He jogged up the concrete letting his nose do the walking. The snaps and sizzles from within the petite diner let him know he’d found the aroma’s source. 
“Mel’s,” Noah said, opening the front door. “Sounds like a good place to me.”
“Smells like it, too,” Jimmy noted, filing in behind him. 
A burly old man behind the counter held up both of his meaty paws as Noah approached. “Oh, no, no.” He poked his finger at one of the front windows. “Sign out front clearly says no culurds allowed, or cancha read?”
“We just want to get something to eat,” Noah explained. “I’ve got money.”
The old timer spread his stubby arms out over the countertop. “If you wanna pull up a seat and eat, that’s fine.” He wagged a hand at Jimmy. “Your friend’s gonna have to wait outside.”
Jimmy lowered his head and shuffled toward the door. “It’s all right, Noah. Go on. I’ll just wait.”
Noah’s teeth clenched so tight that he thought they’d snap. “If his money’s not good enough, then neither is mine!” He stormed off after his pal. “Hang on, Jimmy. Wait up.”
“You didn’t have to, you know,” his friend said.
“Yeah,” Noah replied, “I know, but there’s gotta be lots of places in this town to get a bite to eat.”
Jimmy held up a finger and trotted out across the street. Noah watched as his companion conversed with a downtrodden black gentleman. With a shake of his hand, Jimmy returned bearing better news. 
“That fella says we can find a place to eat a few block farther up.” 
“I’ll follow you, then,” Noah said, patting him on the shoulder. 
Jimmy led them around two corners and up into the segregated part of town. Several women and children gawked as Noah rambled into their neighborhood. 
“What’s he doin’ over here, mommy?” one little girl asked. 
“Never you mind that,” her young mother said. “Jus’ stay close and don’t say nothing.”
“Why does everybody --?”
“Just let me handle things for a bit,” Jimmy said, leading the duo into a greasy hole in the wall called Jerry’s. 
A small gaggle of bent old men huddled in a front corner booth playing a game of rummy. One of the taller gents peered over the rims of his glasses as Noah strode past. 
“Mmm, mmm,” a short pudgy man grunted. “Don’t he know he’s on the wrong side of this city?”
“From the looks of it,” the stringy one in the glasses said, “he ain’t from ‘round here a-tol.” 
A young muscular line cook pushed his hat back with the end of his spatula behind the counter. “What’ll it be?”
Jimmy turned to Noah with raised brows.
“I’ll just have one of whatever you’re havin’.”
“Two burgers, chips, and sodas, please.” Jimmy took a seat on a rickety stool. A large cut split its leather surface like a gaping wound. 
“That’ll be sixty-four cents, gents,” the cook said. 
Noah fished a dollar bill out of his sock and set the smelly denomination on the counter. The young cook took the crumpled tender and strode over to the money box at the end of the counter. 
“Where’d you boys come in from?” a deep southern voice inquired from behind the grill. A gargantuan man appeared in the small rectangle of space separating the counter from the grill line. 
“Just got off the train outa Chicago area, sir,” Jimmy replied. 
The younger cook returned and slapped Noah’s change on the counter. 
“You know of any places around town where we could find some work?” Noah asked. 
The big cook jiggled with laughter. “Whole city’s been lookin’ for work for about a year now.” He flipped their patties over and pressed them with a sizzle. “Hard times around these parts. How was it up in Chicago?”
Noah dropped a couple of nickels into the mason jar a few seats away. “A little better than here, but not by much.”
“Listen,” the big cook said, plating their burgers, “I might know of a place where you two could be useful. Work’s tough and the boss is even tougher, but it pays money.”
The younger cook slid the platters in front of them and went back to the grill. 
“We’ll take whatever we can get,” Jimmy said, gnawing a hole in his burger. 
The big fella waddled out from behind the wall and made his way to their end of the counter. “It’s on a riverboat docked about a half a mile north o’ here.” His words popped out of his mouth in breath-labored bursts. “Silver Moon. Ask for Cap’n Pete.” 
“Thank you,” Noah said, shaking his big hand. 
“It ain’t steady work,” the cook said, “but it’ll put a little dough in your socks.” He turned to go back to his duties over the greasy metal plate. “Tell him Georgie sent ya.”
Noah downed the last swill of his soda and set the glass on the counter. “I figured you were Jerry.”
Georgie let loose a deep hearty chortle. “No. Jerry was my old man. He started this place right after the war.” 
“Thanks again,” Jimmy said as they headed for the door, “for the food and the tip.”
Georgie waved his old spatula in the window. “Good luck, boys.”
Once they had clearly crossed back over into non-segregated cityscape, Noah took the lead. The loud whistle of a steamboat on the river drew the boys to it like mosquitoes to a fat man’s leg. 
“What did Georgie say the name of the boat was again?”
Jimmy’s torso bobbed back and forth in its natural cadence as he strode next to Noah. “The Silver Moon.”
“That’s right.” Noah scanned the side of every boat he passed. “Comet, General Jackson, Vesuvius… I don’t see --”
“There!” Jimmy ran to one of the smaller vessels tied off on a short pier. 
Noah ran to catch up to his swifter counterpart. His eyes confirmed Jimmy’s assessment. The little steamer had her name painted across the bow in big flowing silver lettering. “Now to find Captain Pete.”
Noah strode to the end of the gangplank and cupped his hands around his mouth. “Hello? Captain Pete?”
“You ain’t gonna find many people on that boat at this hour,” a forceful voice said startling them. A tall muscular man strode up behind the boys and set a long hand on either shoulder. 
“We were lookin’ for Captain Pete,” Noah said, putting some space between them. 
“You found him,” the tall man said. “Are you boys lookin’ for work?” 
“Georgie said we should talk to you about that,” Noah said. “He mentioned you might need some extra hands for a while.”
Pete scratched his wavy black hair staring off into the sunset. “You know what?” Both boys shook their heads. “I could use some extra hands for a little while. You’d be helping us with the nets, guttin’ fish, and packing fillets in the freezer. Interested?”
Noah crossed his arms. “How much will it pay?”
“I’ll pay you by the day,” Pete said. “Ten cents each, and paid out when we return.”
“Sounds good.” Noah put out a hand to shake on it. “Where are we goin’?” 
Captain Pete sealed the deal. “We’ll set off for Arkansas in the morning, and then bring our haul back here for the local restaurants.” He lumbered up the gangplank beckoning them on with a swing of his arm. “C’mon aboard. I’ll show you where you’ll be sleeping.”
Jimmy stood aside to make way for Noah, but Noah shook his head. “No. Y-You go ahead.”
Jimmy shrugged and trailed Pete onboard the steamer. Noah inched up the plank eyeing up each shimmering wave until he reached the deck. 
“Over this way, boys.” Pete opened a narrow door at the stern. 
Noah staggered on unsteady legs as the fishing vessel swayed with each passing swell. As he made his way to the back of the boat, his stomach twisted into nauseating knots. 
Pete chuckled as he walked down the steep stairs. “First time off land, eh? Don’t worry. You adapt soon enough.”
The boys stopped behind their towering skipper at a pair of hammocks in the corner of the lower hold. 
“There you go,” Captain Pete said. “Make yourselves at home.” He lit a couple of lanterns on either side of the stairs and headed back topside. “We’ll hoist the lines at sunrise, so get your sleep while you can.” Pete stopped four steps from the top. “I’ll give you two the rest of the evening to explore the boat, if you like.”
Noah stumbled into the lower hammock and closed his eyes. Please stop the swaying. Jimmy put a shoe on the two wooden footholds on the bulkhead and heaved himself into the upper hammock. 
“I think I just wanna rest here a little while,” Noah said, setting his arms over his face. 
“You all right?” Jimmy asked. “You don’t look so good.”
A guttural belch ruffled the hairs on Noah’s forearms. “Yeah, I’ll make it. I just don’t care for boats – or water.”
“You fish.”
“On dry land,” Noah replied. “I can’t swim, Jimmy.” He sat up on his elbows feeling a little better. “Can you?”
Jimmy rolled over onto his side. “A little.” 
What began as a giggle in Jimmy’s chest quickly grew into a roaring fit of laughter. 
“What’s so funny?”
Jimmy wiped away his tears rocking back and forth in his bed. “You.” Another fit percolated just beneath his belly. “You come on a river boat and can’t swim a lick!” 
Chapter 18


The sun blazed overhead in a cloudless sky for the fourth day in a row. Noah and Jimmy stood at the stern of the Silver Moon taking in all of the information their minds could retain. Mick, a scruffy man in his thirties, had been Pete’s first mate for the better part of five years. He had been up and down this mighty river more times than he could recount. 
“And this over here’s the freezer,” Mick said in a raspy tone. His chest heaved in a coughing spasm as he walked into the ice chest. “You always shelf the fillet packs with the labels out. That way, we can sort ‘em out that much faster on the other end.”
Mick struggled through another spell and spat over the ship’s side. Visible pain clenched his leathery face into a contortion of its former self. 
“You okay?” Noah asked, stepping closer. 
Mick wiped his crusted lips on a sleeve and waved him back. “Just leftovers from the war creepin’ up on me.”
Noah leaned back into the cutting table waiting for their next drag of the nets. “You were there?”
Mick’s gray hairs fluttered on the top of his head as it bobbed. “Served over in France for a while.”
“What was it like?” Jimmy asked.
Mick lowered his brown stare to a large iron capstan. “I don’t know if you boys are ready for those kinds of stories yet.”
“What else are we gonna do until we get into position?” Noah asked, shrugging.
Mick pulled a small crumpled pack of cigarettes out of his back pocket and drew one out. “Don’t say I didn’t warn ya.” He lit the end of his Chesterfield and swatted the match out of existence. “I did one year in the Army infantry during the Great War. Six months of that were spent in Amiens, France.”
Mick expelled a thin plume of smoke up into the swirling winds. “The Allied forces stormed into German territory and tore through the enemy like a meat grinder. I was stationed back in the trenches.”
“What did you do?” Noah asked. 
“Dug underground tunnels and filled bags with dirt to make fortified walls, mostly.” Mick took another drag from his cigarette. “The days were long and hot, and most nights were wet and stormy. There were several days where the fighting broke out for us.” He lifted a wobbling hand to his lips for another shot of nicotine. “Explosions, gas, men getting turned into walking bonfires…” His wide eyes glazed over. “Machine guns that cut people in half. Big metal tanks thundered in on us crushing my buddies into puddles!” 
Noah strode to his side and grabbed his shoulder. “Mick? You okay?”
The disturbed deckhand snapped out of his daydream. “I went out with a team of fellas into No Man’s Land after the fighting had stopped. The mud ran red with blood and gore.” The corner of his eyes moistened. “Guys I’d just played cards with the night before were now face-down in that muck. We’d haul our dead out on the bed of a truck, and then the Germans would come in and do the same.” 
Mick exhaled another lungful of Chesterfield’s best out over the Mississippi. “No one shot at the other. It was like an unspoken code, ya know? You didn’t take a cheap shot when the other guy was pullin’ his buddies out of the mud. It was on one of those evenings that I kicked a dud canister of mustard gas by accident. Another soldier was layin’ on it. How the hell could I have known? Next thing I know, I’m getting’ carted off to the rear. A few days later, I’m sittin’ in an infirmary in England. Several months after that, I’m back here.”
Both boys stood dumbfounded by Mick’s tragedies. 
“Anyway,” Mick said, crushing out his butt and nodding to Pete in the bridge. “Looks like we’re about ready to start fishin’.” He took a thick line of rope and threaded it through the base of the capstan on the deck. “You two, grab either side of this net and stand ready.”
Noah and Jimmy picked up a handful of the netting and went to opposite corners of the stern. 
“When I give the signal,” Mick said, peering up at the boat’s skipper, “I want you to toss that net overboard.” 
Noah bent his legs and wound up for his big release. Jimmy mirrored him on the far side of the Silver Moon. 
Mick dropped his arms sharply to either side. “Let her go!”
Adrenaline surged through Noah’s veins as he threw the netting out hand over hand. The smell of the freshwater, the feel of the coarse line flying from his grasp, and the stories of combat fueled his inspiration. Whoo! Now, this is adventure. 
The one-inch thick line slithered off the back of the boat as the net sank into the black water. When the lazy river had devoured it all, the line snapped taut on the capstan. 
“Keep an eye on her, boys,” Mick said, striding up to the boat’s edge. “If she snags a big log, we’ll be swimmin’ with the catfish.”
Noah watched the rigid diamonds of rope skim across the water’s surface with apprehensive eyes. “How is it working for Captain Pete?”
“It’s fine for the most part,” Mick replied, inspecting the line on the capstan. “He’s real particular about how things are run on his boat. So, as long as you play by his rules, you’ll do fine.”
A few miles and another Chesterfield later, the net began to bog the stern of the boat down. 
“Grab a pole and stick it in the capstan,” Mick ordered, stomping out his cigarette on the deck. 
Noah took one of the heavy metal poles and jammed it into an open hole near the top of the capstan. Once the levers had been secured, Mick barked out his next set of instructions. 
“Put your backs into it, and reel her in!”
The three men leaned hard into their poles and forced the capstan to turn. Inch by back-breaking inch, the line and netting returned from the river’s murky bed. 
“Mind the line as you go around,” Mick said, stepping over the dripping cord. 
As they brought more of the netting and their haul onboard, the wooden deck turned slick. Catfish of varying sizes flopped and floundered in the baking sun. Noah slid sideways on several occasions as the capstan groaned counterclockwise. 
“That’s it, fellas.” Mick walked around the mound of netting and suffocating fish hatching out a plan. “All right. You two go over to the filleting tables, and I’ll bring over some fish to get started.” 
Noah cleared the sweat from his forehead with a wipe of his arm. The filleting table had been constructed from welded sheets of steel. A shallow basin sat to his right and a large tin can of different cutting tools to his left. 
Mick slapped a catfish down in front of Noah’s hands and pulled a meat cleaver from the can. “First thing you’ll wanna do is remove the head.” He brought the cleaver down in a swift stroke severing the fish just behind the gills. “Just take the heads and --”
He heaved it out into the river. “Like that!” Mick slid the cleaver to the back of the table and selected a fillet knife from the can. “Next, make a cut right here near the tail, and just slide her on up to the end.”
The side of the catfish came off smooth as butter. Mick flipped it over starting a pile below the tin can. “Flip the fish over, and do it again.” He set the fillet on top of the previous example and threw the carcass into the river. “That’s all there is to it, boys.” Mick strode into the storage freezer and returned with brown packing papers. “You two cut and gut. I’ll wrap and stack.”
After botching his first few attempts, Noah got into a rhythm with the process. The summer sun burned the morning off and turned the deck of the boat into a sweltering stinkpot. Noah and Jimmy had cut their way through half of the haul, and Mick, in turn, filled up the back corner of the steamer’s freezer. Captain Pete stopped the boat along the riverbank under the shade of some sprawling willows. 
“How’s the haul lookin’, Mick?” he asked, walking across the deck to join them. 
Mick shrugged. “Could be better. Could be worse.” 
Pete strode into the freezer and inspected his catch. “Eh. We’ll have to do a lot better than this if we’re gonna turn a profit on this run.” He stormed over to the capstan and gave it a swift kick. “Damn it!” Pete returned to Noah’s side. “We’ll make another haul tomorrow, and drop them off in Arkansas before we turn back around.” 
The perturbed skipper strode back toward his perch. “I can restock the ice there and get us some fresh food and drink for the return trip. I’ll come back down after bit to check this haul after you’re finished.”
Mick took the knife from Noah’s hand and bumped him aside. “Go ahead and pack for a while. We’ll trade off all around.” 
Noah took his place in between them and sat at the small table. 
“Wrap two to a pack,” Mick instructed, “and label ‘em just like I did the ones in the freezer.” 
 “Yes, sir.” Noah walked back into the cold corner and made quick study of his skipper’s labeling system. 
The fillets came at Noah in a flurry from either side. Mick, of course, had a larger pile faster than Jimmy keeping Noah busy with the wrapping. 
“That’s the last one!” Mick exclaimed, tossing the fillet onto his pile. 
Noah wrapped up the last few packs of fish, while Jimmy tossed the chum overboard. 
“Ole Georgie was right,” Noah said, walking out of the compartment. “This is tough work.”
“It’s not that bad,” Jimmy said, slinging another carcass into the water. “There’s worse things we could be doin’.”
His buddy had a valid point. Having work at all was a great omen in these times. Noah glimpsed at the orange sliver of setting sun on the horizon. 
“Let’s see what you’ve got,” Pete said as he strode into the freezer. Several obscenities bounced around in the cold space. “Mick!”
“Cap’n?”
“Get in here!”
The seasoned first mate walked into the freezer shutting the door behind him. Noah heard a berating through the heavy door, but couldn’t discern its exact words. The door flew open frightening Noah into a backpedal. 
“You two!” Pete shouted. “The packs always go in with the labels pointing OUT!” Veins throbbed beneath the skin on his temples. “So help me – if I ever have to tell you that again, I’ll beat you both senseless.”
Mick jabbed a thumb in the direction of the lower hold. Noah and Jimmy got the message, and scrambled down into their hammocks and away from Pete’s continuing tirade.
“You reckon he means it?” Jimmy asked, swaying in his bed. 
Noah stared at the barrel labeled ‘jerky’ against the bulkhead. “Dunno.”
“I don’t understand it,” Jimmy said. “How can he go from bein’ a nice guy one minute to a screamin’ madman the next?”
“Something’s not right with him, Jimmy.” Noah walked over and took a few strips of jerky from the barrel. “One thing I know for sure, he meant what he said.” 



The next day went better than the last. The Silver Moon cruised along the banks near West Memphis, Arkansas. Their haul had been much bigger and the boys filleted the catch all morning. 
“Tell me more about California, Noah,” Jimmy said, packing another pair of fillets into the freezer. 
Noah slid the blade of his knife along the spine of his fish. “Folks that have been there told me it was like a paradise.” He flipped his fillet into the pile on his table. “The sun’s out all of the time. Hardly ever rains. They say there’s plenty of work out there, too.”
Jimmy returned from another trip into the freezer. “Doin’ what?”
“All sorts of things,” Noah said, tossing his carcass overboard. “Lots of ‘em said they worked in the fields pickin’ fruits, veggies, and grapes all day long. A couple of others told me they found some work milkin’ cows in dairies.” 
Jimmy grinned. “Lots of work and sunshine.”
“Uh huh.”
“Sounds like my kind of place.”
A sudden jerk of the boat sent Noah’s noggin into the wall in front of him. “Ah! What the --?”
Old Silver came to a screeching halt on the water. Captain Pete tromped out of the bridge growling like a grizzly. “That’s all I need right now!” 
Mick already stood bent over the side tugging on the net’s line. “She’s caught up on somethin’ big down there.”
“I realize that, you oaf.” Pete shoved Mick to the deck and gave the thick line a good jerk. “Great.” He twisted his torso around and barked at Noah. “I need you to go in there and see if you can see the net’s caught on.”
Noah stood stoic at his table – his eyes wide. “But, I can’t swim.”
Captain Pete poked a finger at the deck next to him. “I said get over here before I throw you in.”
Jimmy walked over in front of Noah. “Sir, I can do it.”
Pete yanked on the line again to no avail. “I didn’t tell you to do it.” He looked Noah in the eyes. A madman boiled beneath his blue irises. “I told him to do it. Get over here, boy.” 
Noah shook his head as he took tentative steps closer to the lunatic. Pete snagged him by the front of his coveralls, and before Noah could protest, he flailed in the swirling brown water. He flailed his arms through the brown quagmire searching for anything to impede his descent. The daylight’s rays refracted on the gentle waves as Noah sank toward the bottom. This is it. Noah closed his eyes and recited the Lord’s prayer. 
He felt his body lifting toward the skies. This must be my angel. I’m comin’ home. Something didn’t make sense. The water rushed on both sides of his body as the dancing waves drew closer. 
“Don’t die on me,” a familiar voice said in between gasps for air. 
The sun’s warmth kissed his damp cheeks. Noah’s back scraped across a few jagged rocks followed by the itch of crabgrass on his arms. 
“Stay with me!”
Noah’s face rolled over into the grass and a heavy slap impacted his back. His eyes shot open as a watery knot exploded out of his mouth and nose. Sharp stinging sensations flooded his throat and lungs as Noah convulsed in a coughing spasm. 
“Thank God,” Jimmy said, patting his back. “I thought you was a goner.”
Captain Pete’s swearing rang out from nearby. One of Jimmy’s hands took him by the armpit and dragged him to his knees. 
“C’mon, Noah.” The meadow under Noah’s shoes blurred as Jimmy heaved him to his feet. “We’d better shin outa here before he grabs a gun or something.”
Chapter 19


Liberty High’s halls buzzed with lunchtime talk from its meatloaf-filled students. Sarah glanced up at the clock on the wall: 11:54. A few more minutes until fifth period. 
“You done much on Leckner’s project yet?” Annie asked. 
Sarah popped a shoulder up. “Yeah, a little. You?”
“I’ve got some interview tapes with my granny, but I haven’t even started puttin’ any of it together.” She bounced against the cold tile wall. “I’m such a slacker.”
Sarah elbowed her friend in the arm. “I’m still doing the research, so you’re ahead of me.”
“Did you find anything out with that uncle of yours?” Tanya asked, primping her bangs. “Is he rich?”
“Ooo, yeah!” Annie rubbed her hands together. “Give us the juice on that.”
“You’re a dork, Annie,” Sarah said with a chuckle.
“Whatever, Sarah. Spill it.” Annie kicked the side of Sarah’s shoe playfully. 
“Well, I don’t know if he’s rich,” Sarah explained. “I haven’t gotten that far into it. He got kicked out of his house around our age and rode the rails around the country lookin’ for work.”
“He was a hobo?” Tanya frowned over the lip of her small mirror. 
“I guess,” Sarah said. “Sorta. I did find something else that I didn’t expect.”
Annie stood motionless beside her. “I’m waiting.”
“I think I found my dad.”
Boom. The bomb exploded taking her friends’ sagging jaws with it. 
“You what?” Annie snapped. “I thought he died a long time ago.”
“So did I.” Sarah forced the knot in her throat back down. “Collin and I found him and his house up in Clarksburg.” 
“Holy creepers!” Tanya exclaimed. “That’s huge.”
“Have you talked to him?” Annie asked. 
Sarah shook her auburn curls. 
“You gonna?” Tanya interjected. 
“I’m thinkin’ about it.”
“You should,” Annie said. “He’s a part of you.”
“Speaking of Collin,” Tanya said, changing the subject. “You two have any big Valentine’s Day plans?”
A nervous heat burned in Sarah’s cheeks. “I don’t know. He hasn’t said anything to me.”
“Uh huh,” Annie said. “Playin’ hard to get.”
“No.” Sarah turned toward her girls and crossed her arms. 
“Maybe he’s planning a big surprise,” Tanya snapped her foundation case closed. 
“Maybe,” Sarah echoed mindlessly, turning her attention to the freshman black girl speeding down the long corridor. 
The girl’s bulky glasses did little to mask her fear-filled eyes. Sarah walked around Tanya to get a better look. Her instincts sensed something amiss. 
“Everything okay?” Tanya asked. 
Chet Brown and his gaggle of goons strutted from the other end of the hall toward the freshman. 
“I don’t think so.”
Sarah watched as the young girl and Chet’s brood closed the gap on a collision course. Not this time, champ. As Chet rounded the corner next to her, Sarah pulled the girl aside.
“Hey! I’ve been meaning to talk to you.”
Chet glared at her, ignoring his friends’ comments about the upcoming wrestling match. She turned her attention back to her new friend. 
“Talk to me about what?” the girl asked. 
She stuck out a hand and smiled. “I’m Sarah. Sarah Daniels.”
The girl cautiously shook hands. “Cherie.”
“So, where are you from?” Sarah asked. 
She felt the barriers fall as Cherie smiled. “We moved here from Maryland after my dad got out of the Air Force.”
“Neat.” Sarah set her hand on Cherie’s bony forearm. “Tell about your family. What do you like to do?” 
“I have a younger brother, Troy,” Cherie said, inching her glasses up her face. “He’s in the fourth grade. Me?”
Sarah nodded.
“I like to cook. I love to read different types of books.” Cherie searched the ceiling tiles with her almond eyes. “Oh! I love to run. I was the fastest girl on my old squad back in Baltimore.”
The ringing nuisance on the wall signaled the end of their lunch break, and beckoned them to their fifth period classes. 
“I love to cook, too,” Sarah said, walking to her locker. “How would you like to meet our track coach after school?”
Cherie tagged along behind her. “That would be amazing.” 
“Consider it done,” Sarah said, spinning the dial on her locker. “Meet me here after school, and I’ll introduce you to Coach Evans.”
Cherie bounced down the hall on her newfound happiness. “I’d love that. See after class.”
Most of Sarah’s afternoon went by in a blur. She sat next to Annie in seventh period art class working out the shading in her sketch. 
“That’s really good,” Annie whispered, leaning over her sketch pad. “You should do design or something.”
Sarah held back a giggle and brushed her bangs back around her ear. “I guess it sort of resembles a flower.” 
Annie held up her cartoonish attempt at the daisies in the vase. “Yours looks like flowers. Mine looks like a toddler wiped a booger on it.” Annie cleared her throat and poked her pencil at the lower corner of Sarah’s paper. “What’s that over there?”
Sarah slid an elbow up trying to conceal her doodles. “Nothing.”
A hand tickled her ribs and she jerked her elbow away. Annie slid the paper her way. 
“Uh huh. Nothing.” 
A small heart encased the name, Sarah Rogers.
“You and Collin are gettin’ pretty serious, huh?” Annie pushed the paper in front of her. 
“He’s sweet,” Sarah said, “and really cute.”
“Must be.” Annie focused on the blue vase at the center of their ring of desks. “Are you tryin’ on more than his last name?”
Sarah’s jaw hit the floor. I can’t believe she said that! 
“C’mon,” Annie said, “I was just kidding. I know you’re not that type of girl.”
“I know.” Sarah erased a few stray lines from her masterpiece. “And for the record, I really do --”
A light rapping at the door broke the boredom of her final class. Mr. Jones tossed his headphones onto his desk and cracked the door open. “Ms. Daniels? Someone to see you.”
Sarah and Annie exchanged concerned expressions as an underclassmen took quick steps across the room bearing an oversized Hershey kiss. 
“Candygram for you, Sarah,” the boy said. He sat the big candy on her artwork and scampered back out the door. 
She turned the huge candy on her desk looking for a tag.
“Who’s it from?” Annie asked, bouncing in her seat. “As if we didn’t know.”
Sarah opened the little card tied around its peak. “It’s from Collin.” She looked up at the clock and raced to pack up her belongings. Warm fuzzies! When did he find the time to sneak this one in? 
Annie followed suit heaving her worn brown leather backpack onto her desk. “You’re totally gonna have to share.”
Their day ended to the tune of the skull-splitting bells. Sarah tossed her backpack and purse on her shoulder and followed the small mob out into the bustling hallway. 
“What are you gettin’ into later?” Annie asked, weaving around a cluster of students to her locker. 
“Might get some more work done on Leckner’s thing.” She popped her locker open and stuffed the evening’s assignments into her book bag. “Ah, crap.”
“What’s up, chick?” Annie asked from the depths of her textbook cave. 
“I told Cherie I’d introduce her to Coach Evans.”
A clatter erupted a short distance down the hallway. 
“Thought you were gonna get away from me?” Chet prodded. “Where’s your little guard dog now?”
Annie’s face stiffened in disgust as she turned to Sarah. “Better introduce her sooner rather than later.”
Sarah snapped her bags shut and slammed her locker door. “Someone just needs to put you in your place,” she muttered as she stormed off toward the gym. 
Coach Evans stood in front of the stage in the gym with his stout arms crossed. He massaged his short beard and moustache as he listened to the football coach go on about his days in the WVU offensive line. Barnett’s voice boomed around the empty basketball court. 
“We’d run wind sprints up that dad gum hill rain, snow, or shine,” Coach Barnett said with a shake of his head. “These boys don’t know what hard work is –yet.”
 “Excuse me,” Sarah said sheepishly approaching them. 
“What can we do for you, young lady?” Barnett asked. His imposing frame bore down on her. 
“Coach Evans?”
The track coach turned a green eye in her direction.
“I wondered if you had a minute for me to introduce to a girl that wanted to try out for the team.”
“Tell her to come see me,” Evans said, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his tan slacks. “I’ll be in here for a little while longer.”
Sarah dropped her head in frustration. I guess subtlety isn’t sinking in. “She needs your help right now.”
Coach Evans sped out of the gym motioning her to follow. “Where is she? What’s the problem?”
“Chet.”
Evans grimaced as they turned the corner. “I should’ve known.”
The linebacker’s taunts could be heard as she and the coach rounded the last corner on a warpath. 
“When are you gonna get the point that we don’t want your ghetto ass around here?”
Chet’s ring of pain scattered like rats from a carcass as Sarah and the coach intervened. 
“Wanna repeat that back to me, Brown?” Coach Evans took up a large chunk of real estate with his stance and crossed his arms over his thick chest. 
Cherie dashed behind Sarah and huddled at her side. 
“You okay?” Sarah whispered. 
Cherie gave her a single nervous bob of the head. Her eyes never faltered from her attacker. 
“This doesn’t concern you,” Chet hissed before his posse. 
Evans inched up nose to nose with the thug. “That’s where you’d be wrong, petunia.” He thrust an index finger down the long corridor toward the exits. “I’d suggest you get rollin’ before your mouth runs you into a royal nightmare, Brown.” 
Chet bit down on his lower lip and led his gang away. “C’mon. We’ve got better things to do.”
“I see you picking on her, or anyone else again, and I’ll make your life miserable.” He relaxed his posture and faced Cherie. “Are you all right?”
“Yes, sir.”
“This is the girl I wanted to introduce you to, Coach,” Sarah said, stepping aside. “Cherie – this is our track coach, Coach Evans.”
Evans’ oval face lit up. 
“She was the fastest girl on her old team back in Baltimore.” Sarah glanced at her. “Right?”
Cherie nodded. “That’s right.”
“No kiddin’?” Evans said, arching his back. “Would you like to come to one of our next practices?”
Cherie nodded and followed him down the hall.
“Let’s go to my office, and I’ll give you some more info on our schedule.”
Sarah strode in the opposite direction feeling a lot better. Good deed for today – check.
Chapter 20


Outside her window, the snow fell in a white sheet. Sarah whimpered and slapped the snooze button. Her knock-off Italian lamp came into focus. 
“Come on,” she said, rolling over to peek out her window. “No school.” 
She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and snuggled her feet into her white bunny slippers. The cold drafts bit at her body through the thin flannel pajamas as she wandered into the kitchen for some breakfast. 
“Mornin’, kiddo,” her mom said, setting her coffee on the table. 
The local weatherman talked over a graphic of area closings and delays on their TV.
“Do I even need to get dressed?” Sarah shuffled to the counter and pulled down a box of cereal. Please, let it be closed. 
Karla stared at the screen shaking her head. “Looks like there’s still school.” She went back to nibbling on her waffles. “Weather guy says the ground’s too warm for most of it to stick.”
Perfect. Sarah shook some flakes into her bowl and doused them with a small helping of milk. She lumbered to the table and plunked down in a cold chair occasionally glancing at her mom in between bites. She seems relatively laid back today. Maybe now’s the best time.
“Mom?”
Karla took another bite of her waffles. “Hmm?”
“Who is Albert Jenkins?”
Her mother’s face went pale as she choked on her breakfast. 
“He’s alive, isn’t he?” This would be a delicate game of chess requiring finesse and poise. 
“What the hell are you doin’ snoopin’ around where you shouldn’t be?” Karla tossed her fork on her plate and leaned back in her chair. 
Sarah slurped another spoonful of her flakes. “The lie wouldn’t have lasted.” She continued her meal keeping calm and collected. “Why didn’t you ever tell me the truth?”
“What,” Karla said, crossing her arms, “that your dad is a deadbeat that abandoned us?” Her rage welled up behind her infuriated stare. “That he didn’t have enough of a spine to stay in our lives? Is that what you wanna hear?”
“If that’s the truth, yes.” Sarah stirred the last few drifting flakes in deep thought. “Why did he leave?”
Karla grabbed her fork and hacked at her waffles. “I don’t know.” She shoved the bite in and looked away to the national morning news show. Sarah stared at her mom in silence. “I seriously don’t know, Sarah!” 
“It all seems so strange to me,” Sarah said, spooning a flake and dropping it back into the bowl. 
“Don’t you go swattin’ the beehive, young lady.” Her mother got up and swaggered into the kitchen sink. “We’ve been doing fine without him. So, just you leave well alone.”
Sarah downed the last of the milk in her bowl and took it to the dishwasher. The faucet distorted beyond her burning tears. It’s all been a lie, hasn’t it? My whole life. She closed up the machine and plodded into the bathroom to get ready for school. 
Tears cut their painful trail down her pale cheeks under the fluorescent lights. “Who am I?” She dropped a bead of toothpaste onto her brush and dug in. I mean, I’ve been living the life that they want me to live – doing the things they want me to do. After rinsing out her mouth, she removed her makeup bag from the medicine cabinet. 
Sarah studied the lost soul staring back at her from behind the broken mirror. “What do you really want to be?” She dusted her foundation applicator and swiped it across her cheeks. “Where do I even start with living my own life?” 
A blast of pain behind her kneecaps dropped Sarah to the sink. Thousands of multi-colored stars flashed before her eyes. “Whuh? What’s going on?”
Her head bounded off of something hard and solid before it hit the linoleum floor. 
“Sarah?” Her mom’s voice reverberated around the tin can in her head. “Sarah!” 


The dark bellies of the low-lying clouds came back into view. A dull throb spread out from a knot on the side of Sarah’s head. 
“Sarah!” Her mom tapped a cheek with her hand. “Baby, are you all right?” 
Sarah eased up into a sitting position on their sofa. “Fine, ma.” None of it made any sense. “What day is it?”
“That’s enough of that,” Karla said, handing her a glass of cold water. “We’re taking a little trip up to see your doctor today.”
Sarah nursed the bitter tap water and tried to stand. Her legs wiggled like limp noodles under her groggy head. 
“Oh, no ya don’t.” Her mom took off down the hall into Sarah’s room. “I’ll get you an outfit. You just stay put.”
A sea of images and sensations swirled inside her pounding head. “It’s cold outside.”
“I know, baby,” Karla said from her room. “I’ll pick you out something warm to wear.”
“When are we going to the beach?” Sarah sniffed the air in her half-daze. “Who made chicken?”
Karla hustled back carrying a pile of clothes crowned with a sock roll. “You’re not makin’ any sense, Sarah.” She knelt next to Sarah and tugged at the waistline of her pajama pants. “Let’s get you dressed and then we’ll see what the doctors have to say.”
Once she had changed, Sarah hobbled under the aide of her mother to their car. The blast of cold air cleared some of the seizure’s fog from her mind. 
“Am I late for school?”
“No, baby,” Karla said, buckling her into the seat. “There won’t be any school for you today.”
Her mom strode around to the other side and got in. “I just hope there’s not a long wait in the ER.”
United Medical Center sat nearly devoid of any humans, save those in the pastel scrubs. Karla had Sarah under an armpit and limped her through the sliding glass doors and up to the main desk. 
A leathery-skinned old blonde glanced up from her Exponent crossword with a condescending look. “What can I do for you, miss?”
“It’s my daughter,” Karla explained. “She just had a seizure and she’s still kind of out of it.”
The nurse aimed her yellow number two at the empty row of seats behind the glass wall to their right. “Take a seat in there, and we’ll get her back into triage in a minute.”
Sarah shuffled beside her mom into the waiting room and plopped down in a red seat. Flashes of what had transpired blinked in and out of existence as her mind struggled to grasp reality. “Mom, where are we?”
“We’re at the hospital, honey,” she said, following the national news on the wall TV. 
“I blacked out, didn’t I?” Sarah studied the mosaic on the floor, peeling back the mental fog that concealed the events. 
Her mother nodded. “Yup.”
The blonde human saddlebag strolled up to the waiting area wall. “Ms. Daniels?”
Sarah turned her attention to the nurse. 
“Come with me.”
Sarah’s mom attempted to take her under the arm, but she shoved it aside. “I can do it.”
She followed the nurse into a room down the main hall. 
“I’m Trudy. Have a seat up there,” the nurse said, patting the white paper on the leather examining table. 
Sarah took ginger steps onto the table. There’s a lot hard floors in here to crack a skull on. 
“Take off your coat and shirt for me,” Trudy instructed, “then I’ll take your vitals.”
Sarah stripped down to her flesh-toned B-cups and huddled her elbows into her lap. Trudy fished a tongue depressor out of the glass jar and put on her stethoscope. 
“Sit up for me,” she said, “and let me listen to your heart and lungs.” 
Sarah straightened her spine on the table, and focused on a red balloon along the top of the far wall. 
“Heart sounds fine,” Trudy noted. “Now takes some deep breaths for me.”
Sarah’s chest ballooned out and back in again as the nurse moved her instrument around to examine her from every angle. 
Trudy slid back on her stool and grabbed the pressure cuff from its perch. “All clear in there, too.” She strapped the Velcro around her bicep and set the stethoscope in the crook of her elbow. “Just relax for me.”
When the cuff had surrendered her arm, Trudy had nothing but normal things to report. “You’re a perfectly healthy teenager.” The nurse strode to the door and set a clipboard in the file holder on the outer wall. “I’ll let the doctor know you’re ready.”
“Thank you,” Sarah said, slipping into her Liberty sweatshirt. 
A few tense moments later, a young dark-complected doctor in blue scrubs strode into their room. 
“Hello,” he said in a sing-song tone. “My name is Dr. Bhatt.” He took a seat on the stool and rolled in closer to Sarah. “What seems to be the trouble today, Sarah?”
“She had a seizure a little while ago and hit her head in the bathroom,” Karla said, butting into the conversation. 
Dr. Bhatt bobbed his head studying the clipboard. “Mmm hmm. It says here in your records, that we saw you a few months ago for a similar problem. Doesn’t look like they found anything then, either.”
“They kept me for a day,” Sarah said, “but they didn’t sound too convinced that it was a seizure.”
The doc sat a bent arm on his knee and tapped her leg with the clipboard. “This is what I’m going to do.” He rolled over to the computer on the desk and pecked data into the machine. “I’m going to order some blood work and an EEG for you.” 
“What will those show?” Karla asked. 
Dr. Bhatt got up and walked to the door. “They’ll tell us if there’s anything like an infection or sugar problem that might be triggering your episodes, and the EEG will look for the possibility of epilepsy.” 
Sarah rubbed her cold hands between her kneecaps. “Do you think that I might have epilepsy?” 
“I’m not sure at this point,” Bhatt replied. “If it is, then we know what we can do to treat it. If not, then we can at least rule that out as a possibility.” He tapped the doorframe with his free hand. “I’ll get those put in, and we’ll have you guys out of here in a lickety jiffy.”
A laugh, sounding more like a sneeze, jumped out of Sarah’s throat. 
“Keep working on the slang, doc,” Karla said, recovering from her own fit of chuckles. 
By ten in the morning, Sarah had been poked, prodded, and hooked up to electrodes like an alien abductee. She and her mom sat back in their exam room awaiting the results from all of her labs. 
“What’ll I do if it’s epilepsy, mom?”
Karla shrugged. “Dunno. We’ll just have to cope.”
“Yeah, but that medicine can’t be cheap.”
“That’s why I have good insurance.”
Three light knocks echoed off of their door. “Hello?” Dr. Bhatt glided back into the room wearing a big smile. “Well, good news and bad news.”
Sarah exchanged a worried glance with her mom. “Bad news, I guess.”
“We still don’t know what’s causing your seizures, I’m afraid.” He set the file of results on the desk. “The good news is that all of your tests came back clean as a gristle.”
“Whistle,” Sarah corrected. 
Bhatt pursed his lips and whistled a cheerful melody. 
“Never mind.”
Karla had to bury her head in the confines of her work jacket to hide her hysterics. 
Dr. Bhatt clacked some notes onto the computer screen. “What I want to do, Sarah, is ask you to start keeping a food journal. Write down everything that you eat and when you eat it. There may be a food or something metabolic going on that our tests can’t pick up.”
Bhatt closed the database on the screen and rolled around to face her. “I’m afraid I have no choice, but to release you back out into the wild. You’re free to go.”
“Thank you for your time, Doctor,” Karla said, shaking his hand before they left. 
Save the top forty countdown on the radio, the ride home purred along in silence. The clock on the TV showed three in the afternoon when Sarah and her mom had settled in at home. 
“Sarah,” Karla said, grabbing her lunchbox from the fridge, “I’ve gotta get on in to work.”
“But, you’ve barely slept, ma.”
Karla shook her black mane. “Don’t matter. I’ll be fine. If you need me, call the number --” 
“On the fridge, I know.”
“All right, hon.” Karla pecked her on the forehead before heading to the door. “I’ll see you in the mornin’.”
“See ya.”
The afternoon soaps gave way to the evening news, which in turn, bled into this evening’s episode of Wheel of Fortune. Sarah paced around her living room, tossing a frequent glance at the open phone book on the coffee table. 
“To call, or not to call. That is the question.” Her tenth grade Honor’s English teacher would be proud. 
Sarah noted each side of the argument with her finger as she walked the room. “On one hand, calling him could clear up a lot of holes in mom’s stories.” She turned at the wall and strode back the opposite direction. “What do I ask him? What do I say? Will he even believe me?” 
She sat on the edge of the cushion and pulled the yellow pages close to her knees. Sarah took the phone in her hand and dragged its antenna down the page until it landed on her recipient: Jenkins, Albert; 325 Duff Ave. She rolled the receiver over and slowly dialed the seven numbers as she read them off of the page. The dial tone switched into the predictable pulse of a ring. 
Chapter 21


West Memphis, Arkansas. What a town! Noah and Jimmy strolled around the clean streets of this growing city in search of new work and new adventures. The Depression hadn’t seemed to have hit this part of the nation as hard as the rest. The city bubbled over with bustling businesses packed with hustling waitresses. The sound of a circus calliope persuaded the boys to follow its jovial tune into happier pursuits. 
“C’mon, Jimmy,” Noah said, slapping his back. “Let’s go have some fun!” 
“What about findin’ some more work and a place to sleep?”
Noah wrinkled his freckled nose. “Ah. You worry too much. Besides, doesn’t it sound like fun?” 
The umpah-loomah accompaniment roused an upward curve on Jimmy’s lips. 
“That’s what I thought.” Noah charged into the street waving his buddy onward. “Let’s get there before we miss all of the good stuff.”
The duo followed the trail of the melody for three blocks and was rewarded with an array of aromas that made Noah’s mouth water. Sweet smells intertwined in the air with those of melted butter and grilled meats. A large crowd wandered to and fro among the colorful tents and various booths of entertainment. 
“Told ya this would be fun!” Noah took Jimmy’s wrist and towed him headlong into the childhood fantasy made real. The big top’s red and white canopy rose high above them casting an inviting shadow as they strode past. Noah squinted to read a lean golden pennant flapped in the light breeze at the pinnacle of the big top. 
“Barker Brothers Traveling Circus.” He rapped his sidekick on the bicep. “Maybe they’re goin’ our way.” 
Jimmy shrugged and pointed to an obese lady in a red dress. “I’ve gotta see what that’s all about.”
“Come one, come all,” a thin short man exclaimed, waving his straw hat and cane through the air. “Step right up and feast your eyes on one of our world’s greatest oddities – the bearded lady!” 
Noah trailed behind Jimmy as they approached the yak of a woman. She sat on her stool grooming her full beard of sandy hair. Her beady brown eyes smiled down on them as she fluttered her chunky digits in their general direction. 
“I’ll give ya a dime if you walk up there and plant a big ole smooch on her,” Noah said, jabbing an elbow into Jimmy’s chest. 
“Are you kiddin’?” Jimmy crossed his arms and opened his stance. “She’s liable to bite my face off.”
“Fine,” Noah said, fishing some change from his pocket. “Make it a quarter.”
Jimmy shook his head furiously. “Huh uh.”
“All right.” Noah held out his palm with two shiny coins at its center. “Thirty cents, but that’s my final --”
His cohort stormed the stage and planted a wet one on the unsuspecting fat lady. The jowls on her underarms swung in the opposite direction of her flapping limbs. Jimmy stumbled down from the small stage wiping the spit from his mouth. 
“There,” he said, seizing the quarter and nickel from Noah’s hand. “Satisfied?”
Noah’s mouth hung open. “I think that’s the bravest thing I ever saw.”
“C’mon,” Jimmy said with a snicker, “Let’s get some food. I’m dyin’ over here.”
Noah’s face lit up in understanding. “It was for the food, wasn’t it?” he asked, wagging a finger at Jimmy. “Wasn’t it?” 
“A starvin’ man’ll do just about anything, I suppose.” Jimmy strode up to a wheeled cart showcasing fresh sausages. 
Having eaten their lunch of sausages and chips, the tandem decided to pay the nickel and find some seats under the big top for the main attractions. A shallow set of stands wound their way around the perimeter of the massive canvas structure. The boys filed into a pair of seats near the front and close to the center of the three rings. This place had a smell somewhere between the old tarp Noah hid under back in Chicago and his pa’s barn. 
“You ever been to a circus before?” Jimmy asked hunched forward in his seat. 
“First for me, too.”
Jimmy arched his head of short curls up toward the high wire well over their heads. “Think they actually use those things up there?”
Noah shrugged and stuffed another handful of popcorn into his maw. 
“Ladies and gentlemen!” a deep voice bellowed. A tall muscular man in a red and black striped jacket strode to the center of the main ring. “Thank you for coming. I am Paul Barker and welcome to one of the finest shows on earth – the Barker Brothers Circus!” The gent tipped his tall top hat and walked up to the side of the ring nearest to Noah. “Prepare to be entertained and amazed by some of the most daring and death-defying acts under a big top!” 
With a wave of his top hat, a parade of the circus entertainers ensued. Two small horses towed the calliope in first followed by a line of elephants linked trunk-to-tail. A swarm of clowns ran about in a chaotic mess hosing one another with water bottles and chasing after their swerving car of cohorts. 
“This is great!” Jimmy shouted over the fanfare. 
Noah giggled as he extended his bag of popcorn to his buddy. Now, this is adventure! Acrobats tumbled in followed by a strongman and a lion tamer. The next member of the troupe captivated both boys’ attention. She sat sidesaddle atop a painted mare; her big blonde curls bounced with every prance as she waved and blew kisses to the crowd. 
“I could almost swear that’s Lily.”
“Who?” Jimmy asked, grabbing another handful of the buttery snack. 
“Someone I used to know is all.” Noah flipped a piece off his thumb and into his mouth. 
“Show off.” Jimmy pointed to the winding snake of entertainers. “Maybe you should go ask them for a job.” 
Noah followed the blonde on horseback as she continued around to the far side of the big top. “Maybe I will.”
The circus went on in grand fashion. Noah had never seen such a display of daring and skill. People tumbled and swung high overhead performing aerial feats that defied logic. The tamer stuffed his head into the maw of an angry lion proving he was its master. 
Mr. Barker strode to the center and tapped his top hat onto his head of black hair. “And now, if you will direct your attention to ring number three, you will witness the prowess and finesse of one of the country’s finest riders – Nellie!” 
The blonde galloped out on the mare gripping her whip between her white teeth. 
“What do ya reckon she’s up to?” Noah asked mesmerized by the performance. 
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Jimmy replied. 
Nellie hopped to her feet in the saddle as the horse broke into a gallop around the ring. Her white frills fluttered as she stood to her full height atop the racing mare. The crowd cheered in appreciation and whistled for more. The young rider obliged plopping down in to saddle backward. Nellie eased her way down the flank of her horse until she rode the mare upside down around the arena. 
“How does she do that?” Noah exclaimed, applauding with the other spectators. 
She wound her way back upright and facing forward in the saddle. One of the stagehands jogged to the outside of the ring and tossed her a coil of white rope. Nellie snagged it out of the air and unwound it in one fluid motion. She hopped up on her red boots once more and stood on the mare’s back. Several gasps escaped the crowd as she dropped the reins. Nellie took the lasso in her hand and twirled a big oval above her white cowgirl hat. Several sections of the audience clapped and were taken aback when she snapped the spinning hoop down to her feet and leaped over it. 
Noah and Jimmy rose to their feet and cheered with the other patrons around them. Nellie rewarded her fans with one last stunt. A drumroll thundered out of the music pit as she stood on her mare. The thunder rose and faded as she jumped the rope several more times in rapid succession. Nellie spun her lasso and knelt down close to the pommel of the saddle. The drummer followed her actions building the drumroll into a deafening roar. Nellie sprang out of her saddle, flipped through the air, and landed safely near the ring’s center with her lasso clasped in her right hand. Whoops and cheers exploded from the crowd. Mr. Barker returned to the center ring with both arms extended to either wing of the tent. 
“There you have it!” he shouted. “Let’s hear it for Nellie and all of our fantastic acts! Thank you again for coming,” he said, bowing graciously. “Feel free to enjoy the carnival and side shows outside!” The troupe bowed one final time before trotting off through the slit in the back of the tent. 
“I’ve gotta meet her,” Noah said, shaking his head of red curls. 
They made their way out of the tent and followed the performers to their line of cars on the nearby train tracks. Nellie led her mare into a small paddock and checked her watering trough. 
“That was some show.” Noah strode up to the paddock and rested his arms on its top rung. 
“Thanks,” Nellie said, sauntering over to meet them. 
“I’m Noah.” He tilted his head to his partner. “That there’s my best pal, Jimmy.” Jimmy gave her one bob of his head. 
“I guess you already know me,” she said in a flirtatious tone.
Noah tapped the split rail fencing nervously. “You’d guess right. Listen, we were wondering if there might be some work we could do around here to help you guys out.”
Nellie shrugged a shoulder and stuck a hip out against the railing. “Might be. You’d have to go talk to Paul and Neil. They run the show.”
Jimmy bent in close and whispered into Noah’s ear. “You serious about workin’ here? I thought you was just kiddin’ back in there.”
He leaned over into the side of Jimmy’s head. “I wasn’t. Besides, this could be fun.”
“You two sure keep a lot of secrets,” she said, batting her emerald eyes. 
“We were just discussing dinner plans,” Noah said with a nervous chuckle. 
“Well,” Nellie said, climbing the rails and hopping down next to Jimmy, “if you want to go meet them, I’ll take you.”
“We’d be much obliged, Nellie,” Noah said. 
She strode down the worn path in the grass toward the front cars on the train. “Follow me, boys.” 
Noah tapped Jimmy on the chest with an open hand. “Yes, ma’am.” 
Nellie led them to an elegant red car embroidered with gold trim. Barker Bros. Traveling Circus flowed in ornate scrollwork upon the sliding double doors. 
She knocked on the doors and turned to Noah. “They might not be in right now. They could be out mingling with the crowd.”
One of the car’s doors slid aside revealing a candlelit chamber beyond. 
“Good evening, Nellie,” Paul said, running his big hand through his wavy coal-black locks. “I trust all is well.”
“It is,” she said. “This is Noah and Jimmy. They asked to see you about some work, Mr. Barker.”
“Thank you, Nellie.” He stood aside and extended a long arm to his car’s interior. “Please, do come in gentlemen.”
As the boys entered the car, their towering host rolled the wooden door closed behind them. 
“What kind of work are you looking for?” Paul asked, pouring a splash of whiskey into a tumbler on the far table. 
“Well sir,” Noah said. “We’re both able to do just about any kind of hard labor you have – big or small.”
Paul took a hit of his drink. “I see. Do you live around here or have families?”
“No, sir.” Noah studied the row of shrunken heads that wound around the top of the car. “We’re travelin’ men.” 
“I supposed as much,” Paul said, setting his tumbler down. “Traveling men, huh?”
“Yessir,” they both replied in quick succession. 
The ringleader studied them with a stern stare. Noah sensed the man’s gray gaze probing his mind for answers. 
“Well,” Paul said, breaking the standoff, “I’ll tell you what.” He walked over to a small map of the U.S. tacked to the wall. “I’m in need of a couple of dependable workers for the rest of this tour.”
“Oh, we’re dependable, sir,” Noah insisted against Barker’s attempts to silence him with his arms. 
Paul traced a line across the map as he spoke. “We’re on our way down to Arizona with several stops along the way. Missouri, Nebraska, and Colorado to name a few.”
Noah turned to Jimmy. His eyes had grown as wide and bewildered by the prospect of travel and fun the legal way. 
“This is what I’m willing to offer the two of you,” Paul said. “I’ll take you on for a probationary period. I’ll supply you room and board for that time, while you earn my trust with your work.” He strode back to the narrow table and took another swig of his tonic. “Once you’ve proven that I can trust you, you’ll be paid a small wage on top of that.” Paul set his empty glass back down with a clink. “How does that sound?”
“Mister,” Noah said, extending a hand. “You’ve got yourself a deal.”
Paul took his hand and clenched it in his vice of a grip. Noah winced as he shook. 
“Excellent, boys,” Paul said. “Welcome to the show!” He strode to the door and slid it ajar. “The first thing you boys can do for us is go help Lester and Chuck tear down the big top and put the animals back in their train cars.”
“Yes, sir,” Noah said, walking back down the set of steps. “We’ll take care of it.”
“Very well,” Paul said. “They’ll be the only two in there right now.”
Noah and Jimmy hurried across the grounds to the big top. Its front portion dipped down deforming the tent as a burly man sporting a newsboy hat pulled another wooden stake from the ground. Noah walked up to him with Jimmy at his side. 
“Lester?” he asked, offering his hand. 
The big man glared at him with narrow green eyes. 
“I’m Noah and this is Jimmy.” He cleared his throat and took another cautious step forward. “Mr. Barker gave us jobs, and asked us to come help you tear down the big top.”
 “Oh, he did now, did he?” The brute gripped Noah’s hand and added more salt to his wound with another crushing handshake. “I’m Chuck. Lester’s the sawed-off feller in there near the main beam.” He set the twine in Noah’s hand. “Why don’t you start with that.”
“Whoa!” The strain on the rope pulled Noah across the thin carpet of grass toward Lester. 
Chuck let loose a hearty laugh slapping the lap of his jeans. “Whoa ho! You’re gonna have to muster more muscle than that.” 
Jimmy raced up and grabbed Noah around the waist. His acceleration slowed and he regained the upper hand on the long piece of twine. 
“Howdy,” the short man at the center of the tent said. “I’m Lester, but most folks just call me Les.” He stood chest-high to Noah. The few remaining strands of white did little to conceal his massive forehead. “Just set that rope down here, and follow Chuck out there for another one.” Les spun the rope in his small nimble hands into a tight bundle and tied it off. “Once we’re done here, you can help us stable and feed the animals for the night.”
The pale gibbous moon had sailed high in its swath across the sparkling Arkansas sky when Noah and Jimmy stabled the last of the elephants for the night. Noah wiped the sweat from his face on the front of his coveralls and lumbered back to meet Chuck and Les who stood waiting along the tracks. 
“Not bad for your first night, boys,” Les said, hobbling down the line of cars. “Come with me and I’ll show you to where you’ll be sleeping from here on out.”
The boys staggered along behind the men stretching and groaning the whole way there. Les stopped in front of a rickety old train car. Its whitewash had long since crumbled from its once magnificent façade. Noah followed Les and Chuck up a ramp into the long car. 
Les pointed a stumpy digit to two small cots in the far corner. “There they are, boys. Make yourselves comfortable.” He jumped up into his own cot and moved his little brown derby hat to the foot of his cot. “Get your rest. We’ll move out here in a bit and we’ll be setting up in Little Rock in the morning.” 
“Good advice,” Chuck said, easing down into his bed. “Tomorrow will be another long day.”
Noah and Jimmy rolled into their cots needing no further persuasion. Noah’s back stiffened up on the straw mattress like someone had slid wooden planks under his skin. 
“My back’s killin’ me,” he whispered with a moan. “You?”
“Uh huh,” Jimmy said, arching his belly off the bed. “Another full day like that? I can’t feel my legs.”
The train’s whistle called into the late night air as the pistons on the engine slowly churned forward with a hiss. 
“Well,” Jimmy said, “I’m gonna get me some sleep like they said. Night, Noah.”
Noah eased over on his cot to face the outboard planks of the train car. “Night, Jimmy.” His heavy eyes trained on the red caboose through the cracks in the slats. A cool nighttime breeze and the lull of the car soon wove their spell on his exhausted body. 
Chapter 22


Tooot toot!
Noah snapped awake out of his dreams of chasing rabbits across the meadows back home. The train’s whistle sounded again calling the circus’s company out of their cots. 
“You sleep any?” Noah asked, arching his back. 
“Like a log,” Jimmy replied. He eased out of his cot and twisted his torso around his lean waist. 
Les strode over the meet them. “Rise and shine, gents!” 
The aroma of freshly cooked bacon and flapjacks teased Noah’s nostrils from somewhere out in the brown of predawn. He and Jimmy followed their noses down to a small tent teeming with fragrant steam. Several groups of other workers and wranglers congregated around the makeshift kitchen discussing their day’s work in between bites. 
“We should be able to get the stables set up in a few hours,” one sunburned man said. 
“Gonna be another scorcher today, eh, Elmer?” his lanky cohort asked. 
“I reckoned as much,” Elmer said, “bein’ this far south in the summertime.” 
“Pardon me, gents,” Noah said, wedging in between them. 
“New ones?” Elmer asked to the footsteps over Noah’s shoulder.
“Paul hired ‘em just yesterday,” Chuck said in his usual baritone voice. Chuck gave Noah and Jimmy both a hearty slap on their backs. “Eat up, boys. We’ve got a full day’s work ahead.”
“Life of a rambler,” Elmer said, raising his tin cup to Noah. “Nothing like it anywhere.”
A dumpy old man strode up to the front of the small cart. “Help yerselves, fellers.” He waddled to a small iron skillet and flipped another round of flapjacks. “No dainty waitresses in this outfit!” 
Chuck filed in behind Noah grabbing a few pancakes from the steaming stack on the platter. “Mornin’, Cookie.”
The old-timer threw his free hand into the air and scooped the cakes off the fire. Noah snagged a couple for himself and found a quiet place in the fairgrounds to enjoy the sunrise. 
“Pretty good eatin’,” Jimmy said, striding next to him. 
Noah rolled his hotcakes into a thin barrel and dove into them. “Sure is.”
“What do ya think we’ll be doin’ today?”
Noah shrugged. “Settin’ up the tents, I figure.”
Halfway into his meal, Noah got the call to get to work. Les, Chuck, and Elmer took them and several others down to the site where Paul wanted his big top rose. Noah jammed the last of his hotcakes in and closed the circle around Les.
“I need the center of the big top to line up right over this stake,” he said, kicking it with his foot. “Spread it out around the area from here and secure the tent to the anchors.” Les aimed a short finger at each man as he singled them out. “Elmer – you and your men stake off the anchors and lay the lines. Chuck – take a crew and pull the lines into place and tie ‘em off.”
Both foremen turned to the congregation and began picking out their crews. 
“We need to get this and the whole sideshow set up before lunchtime!” Les exclaimed into his cupped hands. 
Chuck and Elmer had finished their crew selections, but Noah and Jimmy still stood unclaimed.
“Chuck,” Noah said, raising a hand. 
The brawny boss stopped and turned on a mud-caked boot.
“Where should we go?”
Chuck bobbed his head toward Elmer’s men picking up the bags of stakes and steel anchors. “Go and help them stake off the perimeter.” 
The boys joined their crew and set to work hammering their stakes into the dew-moistened earth. By the time mid-morning had passed, Noah and the others had finished the big top and set up all of the smaller displays. 
“Looks just like I remember it,” Jimmy said, wiping the beads from his forehead. 
Noah laughed as he hammered his last anchor into the ground. “Seein’ as how that was yesterday, that ain’t sayin’ much.”
A loud blast from a police whistle stirred the other workers into excitement. 
“That’s the signal, boys!” a blond beanpole shouted. “Lunch time!”
The entire troupe gathered under their makeshift pavilion. Paul and his slightly younger brother, Neil, strode up the aisle between the picnic tables. 
“Gather ‘round, everyone!” Paul exclaimed in a jubilant tone. He rubbed his hand feverishly as he spoke. “We’ve got a big show coming up tonight – probably the biggest crowd we’ve played for to date.” 
Many of the performers murmured in excitement. 
“That’s right,” Neil said, adjusting his ponytail of sandy-blond hair. “Shannon and I just sold the last of our tickets for the show a little while ago.”
Shannon, a buxom brunette, strode over next the Paul and stroked his bicep. 
“That’s our first sell-out crowd of this season!” Paul exclaimed proudly. “We need to be at our best, folks. If we keep packing ‘em in like this and a good word spreads, we’ll give ole Barnum a run for their money!”
Noah had no idea who Paul referred to, but he joined the thunderous applause anyway. 
“All right, all right,” Neil said, walking down the center aisle. “Let’s go over out program one more time to make sure we’ve got it down cold.” He read off of his paper, stopping after each act to get their status. “Frank, Joe. Are the clowns accounted for?”
A man with five o’ clock shadow and his face painted white kicked his stool back against the nearby pole. “We’re good to go, boss.”
“Thanks, Frank.” Neil scratched down a few notes and proceeded. “Shannon, Nellie. Do you have everything you need?”
Nellie cupped her hands behind her brown riding pants. “We’re fine.”
“Very well,” Neil said, moving to the back of the pavilion. “Flying Perronis.” He lifted his blue gaze to the patriarch of the family. “Oscar, is everything in order?”
The small muscular tumbler crossed his thick arms and leaned against a pole. His jet black hair and matching handlebar moustache glistened against his olive complexion. “Isabella,” he said in a thick Italian accent, “she’s gotta bum-a leg, I’m afraid.”
An athletic vision of beauty massaged her right ankle. Her big onyx curls flowed from the ponytail secured by a red and green ribbon. “It’s only a sprain.” Her silky voice alone could compel a man to do her bidding. “I’ll be fine.” 
Noah studied her big brown eyes; something in them registered fear in his conscious. 
“Will you still be able to go on?” Neil asked.
Isabella straightened up in her seat and poked her chest out. “Si. Of Course, I will.”
“That’s our girl.” The younger Barker sibling strode back to the head of the crowd. “Les, Chuck, Elmer? All of our four-legged performers on the up and up?” 
“Ready as always, Neil,” Les said with a scratch of his chin. 
Neil turned the floor over to his big brother with a glance. 
“Excellent,” Paul said. “Now that business is out of the way,” he clapped his hands twice, “let’s eat!” 
Cookie and his cohorts wheeled their food carts in on both sides of the pavilion and set up shop in a whirlwind of activity.
“Step on up, everyone,” Cookie said. “We’ve got red hots, burgers, fries, chips, and drinks of all sizes.”
It didn’t take long for the crowd to overrun their kitchens-on-wheels. 
“After we’re done here,” Les said, pulling up alongside Noah, “I want you and your friend to get the animals out into the holding tent behind the big top. Stake ‘em off and give ‘em plenty of water.”
“Will do, Les.” Noah worked his way into the mob and grabbed a hot dog floating on Cookie’s hand. 



Most of the animals had been staked on leashes under the cool shade of their holding tent. 
“You’ve gotta like it out here more than bein’ inside that wooden oven,” Noah said, rubbing the side of one of the elephants. She wagged her trunk in approval. “Give me a minute, ole girl, and I’ll go fetch ya something cool to drink.”
He wandered off around the far side of the big top toward the tracks. A broad creek rolled lazily along on the other side of the rails. Noah picked up the pail he had been using and followed the narrow path down to the water’s edge. 
A few minnows scattered when he dropped his tin pail into the cool creek’s flow. Noah inched out onto the crown of a large mound of granite protruding from the water’s surface and dunked his bucket. Loud shouting from back near the train made him slip on the wet stone’s surface. 
“Just what do you think you’re doin?” a voice exclaimed. He knew the voice, and it belonged to Paul. 
He took his full pail and crept up the trail until he got within eyesight. 
Paul circled a staggering clown enraged by the performer’s actions. “When Frank told me that he’d found you passed out drunk, I told him, there’s no way that could be Charlie. It couldn’t be,” Paul grabbed the drunken clown by the scruff of his neck, holding his face inches from his mouth, “because I just talked to Charlie about that very same thing last week!” 
The elder Barker dunked the clown’s face into a trough of stagnant water and shook it. “Do you have any idea what kind of fool that makes me look like, Charlie?” He yanked the clown out of the water amid coughs and gasps for air. 
Noah snuck closer to the train ducking under branch and briar. 
“Do you?” Paul shouted, dunking the drunk back into the trough. “I give,” Paul pushed him deeper, “and I give a little more,” the clown’s entire torso plunged below the water, “and what thanks do I get, Charlie? What thanks?” 
Noah watched as the clown’s arms flailed in the water searching for either edge of the container. When Paul felt the clown had gotten his point, he jerked him out of the water so hard that Charlie tumbled backward onto the dirt with a wet plop. 
“If I ever see you drunk on the day of a show like this again,” Paul said, “I’ll throw you from the train personally.” He gave the waterlogged joker a swift kick in the haunches and strode toward Noah. 
He tried to hide, but Paul had spotted Noah too quickly. His boss burned a hole into him with his brown glare as he marched past him en route to his personal car. Noah jogged around the fallen entertainer and took his load to the parched pachyderm in waiting. 
“He sure has a mean streak a mile wide in him,” he said as he walked toward the horse stables for his next animal. 
Noah carried a fresh pail of water from the trough into the first horse stable. A light bit of chatter drifted in from a couple of stalls down. 
“That’s it,” a seductive feminine voice instructed. “Stroke it gentle – just like that.”
Noah emptied his pail and strode closer to the conversation.
“Yes, ma’am,” Jimmy said. 
Noah poked his blue eyes up over the edge of the neighboring wall and watched it all unfold. 
“Very good,” Shannon said, moving Jimmy’s hand under her own. “Nice and easy.” She sauntered around behind Jimmy and let go. “Now, you try it on your own.”
Jimmy ran the big brush along the horse’s flank in slow, deliberate strokes. 
“Just like that,” Shannon said, sliding her hands around Jimmy’s waist. “Long and easy strokes.” 
Noah’s eyes widened as her hands ran around to his friend’s groin and began to move like pistons. 
“Nice and easy,” she whispered into his ear. 
Noah closed his eyes and prayed. Don’t do it, Jimmy. Run! 
“I-I’m sorry, ma’am,” Jimmy stammered, shuffling away from Shannon. “I need to go.”
Noah’s pal blew by him in a blur to the giggles of the showgirl in the stall. He grabbed his pail and ran out in search of his distraught buddy. 


The afternoon sun marched on across its endless arc in the Arkansas sky and sat among the rolling hills on the horizon. Noah walked next to Jimmy gnawing on the end of another hot dog. 
“She just started grabbing down there, you know?” Jimmy confessed as he nursed his drink. “What am I supposed to do?”
Noah pointed his half-eaten dog at his pal. “I tell what I wouldn’t do if I was you, and that’s get anywhere near Shannon again.”
Jimmy chewed a bite off the end of his hot dog. “What if they tell me to go clean out those stables again? You know it’s bound to happen.”
“Maybe,” Noah said, “but I’d find a good excuse to do something else.” He stopped in front of the fortuneteller’s tent and leveled with his companion. “After what I saw outa Paul earlier, I’d steer clear of his girl.” 
“She came after me.”
“Don’t matter,” Noah said. “You know they won’t see it that way.” 
With a long note from Paul’s whistle, the calliope spun up to life. 
“Step right up, ladies and gentleman,” Paul said, “boys and girls of all ages! The main attraction is about to begin.” 
The hordes of spectators gathered up their little ones and crammed into the small area around Paul’s podium. 
“That’s it, folks,” he said, “just form a line right here and we’ll get you in for the show.” 
The boys took the hint and hustled around to the back of the big top to help the others make their final preparations. Elephants wagged their trunks, horses hopped back and forth, and the lions in the cages shook out their manes as Noah rushed past them. He and Jimmy got to the rear entrance of the big top in time to hear Paul finish his monolog and start the show. 
“Outa the way!” one of the clowns barked as their friends fired the little car to life. 
The crowd erupted in applause as the parade snaked into the tent marking the start of another performance. Noah and Jimmy watched from the wings as one act after the next wowed the packed house. One act remained on the bill, and Paul strode to the center ring to stir up the onlookers. 
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he said in booming performer voice. “If you will now direct your attention high above the big top, you will witness one of the most amazing and death-defying feats of agility known to man!” 
All necks craned into the heights of the tent as the men and women of the Flying Perronis lifted a hand into the air. Two of the men in their matching white sequin suits leaped from the small perch and swung on bars into the big top’s shadows. The audience gasped ohh’s and ahh’s as the men back flipped from their bars to the platform on the far side of the tent. 
Back and forth the men swung, performing one magnificent midair grab after another. Then Bella inched to the front of the platform, extending both of her elegant arms into the air. Bella’s siblings undulated through the shadows on their high bars awaiting her move as Noah’s stare remained glued to the action. As one of her swingers approached, Bella knelt down and sprung out into the air. 
“No!” Noah exclaimed, running from behind the tent’s door. 
He only caught a glimpse of what happened, but a glimpse was all he needed. Bella’s left hand reached down for her bad ankle in midair. Her brother grasped at her remaining arm trying to hang on, but Bella hadn’t drifted out far enough. She sailed short of her brother’s confident grip and plummeted toward the hard turf far below. 
“Jimmy – get the doc! Run!” Noah shouted. 
Bella had landed hard just inside the center ring to shrieks and mortified cries from the stunned audience. 
“No! Bella, no!” Oscar cried as he descended from the rungs the massive pole. 
Paul, along with every other performer and worker, rushed to her side clearing the scene for help to get through. Noah slid on his knees next to Chuck and Elmer at Bella’s head. A thin line of crimson dripped onto the dirt below the corner of her mouth. Her chest rose and fell in brief, shallow spurts. 
“Clear the way!” a man exclaimed, running up with a medical bag in hand. “I’m the doctor. What happened here?” He looked up to the platform overhead and gathered his own conclusions. “Oh, dear.” He riffled through his bag and set his stethoscope on her chest. The depth and duration of Bella’s gasps withered as he moved his instrument around. 
Noah saw the color drain from the doc’s face as he drew the scope away from her motionless body. 
“I-I don’t know what else to say to you,” the doc said, turning on his crouched legs. “Both of her lungs were punctured from the fall. There’s nothing anyone else would’ve been able to do to save her.”
Oscar and his wife clutched one another in a tight embrace and wept. Their youngest child had left them. 
Chapter 23


“Hello?” a haggard male voice said on the other end of the line. 
Sarah felt the phone slipping in her sweaty palm. “Hi, is Albert Jenkins there?”
“This is Al,” he said. “Who’s callin’?” 
“Do you remember a Karla Daniels from high school?” 
“I might, but that still don’t answer my question, girlie. Who’re you?”
“I think I’m your daughter,” Sarah said in an unsteady tone. 
An audible sigh blew through the connection. “If it’s money you’re after, hon, you’re bangin’ on the wrong door.”
Sarah’s heart pounded in her throat. “I know. I’ve seen your door.” 
That drew an uncomfortable silence. Sarah twirled a long strand of hair in her fingers. 
“Did Karla put you up to this?”
“She doesn’t know I’m looking for you.”
Albert cleared his throat in a deep bark. “If you’re not after money, then what do you want from me?”
Her palms grew cold and clammy. Am I really doing the right thing here? She mustered up her courage and pressed onward.
“Mom told me you died in a car accident. Any idea why?”
Albert leaned away from his end in a hearty chuckle. “Nope. Maybe you should ask her. Oh, Lord. She’s the one that told you that tall tale, not me honey.” His tone turned sharp. “Wait. How do I know you’re really my daughter and not someone else’s kid?”
Sarah’s world shrank around her field of vision. “I-I’m not sure. I’d like to meet with you sometime to talk more about it – rule you out if nothing else.”
Albert mumbled into the phone through a bite of something in his mouth. “Fair enough, kid.”
“Next week?”
“Yup,” Al said, yawning, “that’ll work just fine. Make sure you show up in the afternoon. I work nights and sleep most of the mornin’ away.” 
“Fair enough,” she said. “I’ll see next week. Bye.”
The line clicked into the lulling buzz of the dial tone. A ten ton yoke had been lifted from her soul. 


The tardy bell rang throughout the halls of Liberty High drawing its students and faculty to their places. Sarah dug her lab book out of her backpack and set it on the chemistry table in front of her. 
“Hey, Annie,” she said as her best pal frumped in beside her at the station. “What’s up?”
Annie flopped her book bag into her desk’s seat and grabbed her lab manual. “Madame Talbot,” she said in her best mock French accent. “That’s what’s up.” Annie slammed her things down on the black table and buried her face in her hands. 
“What did she do?”
Annie snapped her head around and slapped her left hand down on the table. “She gave me a friggin’ D on my presentation. A D!”
“It’s one grade, Anne.”
“I know,” Annie said in a high-pitched whine, “but it’s like thirty percent of our final grade, Sare.”
Sarah cracked her lab book and turned to their results from the last experiment. “Since when did you care this much about grades anyway?”
Annie slid a three-folded letter out of her notebook. “Since this.”
Sarah’s eyes shot open as she finished the letter. “A Presidential Scholarship to Wesleyan?” She clasped Annie in a big bear hug. “That’s amazing.”
“I know,” Annie said, taking the letter back. “I’m only one of the finalists for now. That’s why I’m freaking out.”
“Still,” Sarah said, doodling on her book page, “that’s a big deal.”
“All right, folks,” Mr. Williams said in his typical commanding tone. “Let’s turn to Lab Seven in your books and see what you came up with.”
“I’ve got some big news,” Sarah whispered. 
“About what?” Annie shot back. 
Sarah found an old folded worksheet and scribbled on it.

 found my real dad. She slid the paper over to Annie. The paper soon returned.

Seriously? 

Sarah glanced up at Mr. Williams, who remained engaged in debate over the findings to the first question with another pair of students. Yeah. He wants to meet to talk more about it. Unsure what to do now. The paper glided back across the table. 

You have to talk to him. Find out for sure.

Sarah went to take the paper, but Annie snatched it back.
Otherwise, it’ll eat at you the rest of your life. The paper came back to her. 

Sarah tapped her pen against her cheek. She does have a good point. She scribbled down her next thought. What if mom finds out? She’d kill me.

Sarah kept watch on the white-bearded instructor while her partner in crime scratched furiously on the faded paper. 
“Sarah? Annie?” Mr. Williams repeated in an annoyed tone. 
“Sorry, Mr. Williams,” Sarah said. “What was the question?”
Their teacher glared at them from behind his thick glasses. “When you applied heat – the orange hot stuff – to your solution, what happened?”
Sarah and Annie conducted a frantic powwow over their notes. 
“Number seven,” Williams said. “Or nombre sept, oui, Annie?”
“Oui,” Annie said dejectedly. She inched the paper back to Sarah as she answered. 

If she goes off the deep end, you call the cops and then call me 

Chapter 24


Collin slid the VHS tape out of its gory jacket and set it in the VCR under Sarah’s TV. 
“This is a horror classic,” he said, hitting the rewind button. “You’ve gotta start the genre with the gems.” 
He grabbed the small remote off the coffee table and snuggled in next to Sarah on the couch under her favorite fleece throw blanket.
“This is nice,” she said, curling up on his chest. “I’m not gonna have nightmares from this thing, am I?”
“Yeah,” he said, pressing play, “most likely.”
She lifted her head from his yellow fleece pullover. “Do I detect a hint of lemony freshness?”
Collin laughed and slouched down in the couch. “Probably. I’m not sure what my mom does to the laundry.”
“Your mom still does your laundry?” She set her ear over his pounding heart. “We’re gonna have to fix that before you go off to school, mister.”
 “I’ll be in on the weekends.”
She scoffed and slapped his chest. “You will not make your poor mother do your disgusting college dirty clothes.”
His soft fingers caressed the hairs over her ear. “Yes, dear.”
“You learn fast.” 
The warmth of his lips found her forehead sending the butterflies in her stomach up in arms. 
“How’s the search for your dad going?”
Sarah drummed her fingers on his chest. “Okay, I guess. He agreed to meet with me a little later.”
“Are you gonna go over?”
She fixed her eyes on the school girls walking home in the horror flick. “Dunno. If I want to get to the truth, then I suppose I have to go.”
“Won’t your mom get pissed?”
“Yeah, of course.” She squirmed on his torso at the thought of another violent confrontation with her mother. “But it’s my life. I mean, I’ve been basically living a huge lie.” 
Sarah jumped and clung to Collin with a gasp as the masked killer appeared from behind the bushes. “Holy crap.” 
His hand found its way down to the waistline of her jeans. “Well, if you’re gonna put it that way.”
She nestled up under his jaw line and pecked a line of kisses to his ear. “I thought you’d never ask.”
His hand roamed under her pants and caressed the backside of her panties. Sarah ran her slender hands under his shirt and heaved it over her man’s head. 
“You looked like you were getting a little warm,” she panted, rubbing his pecs. 
Collin showered her in affection as his trembling hands lifted her sweater over her head. As his fingers found the clasps of her bra, she dove into his mouth. One by one the tiny hooks popped free and Sarah smiled sheepishly sliding the garment from her shoulders.
“Good God, you’re beautiful,” he said, taking a nipple into his mouth.
She sighed as the warmth of his mouth enveloped her and his hands unfastened her jeans. Sarah’s common sense told her to tread lightly, but visceral desire overpowered her control. She stood up and slid her jeans to the floor. “Take your pants off.”
Collin fumbled for his fly and did as instructed. Sarah sat back beside him on the couch and found his mouth in a flash. The hand massaging her breast slinked down inside the front of her undies and caressed her body. She bit his lower lip as she pulled away from a moist kiss. 
“We can’t,” she panted, stroking the throbbing mass between his legs. 
“Can’t what?”
She ran her hand under his waistband and rubbed him. “Go all the way. You know.”
Collin closed his eyes and nodded with a groan. 
“But I can do something else.” Sarah knelt beside him and drew the waistband of his boxers back from his abdomen. She pecked a line of kisses from his navel southward.


The movie had played for more than fifteen minutes. She lay snuggled atop Collin under the blanket in her cotton Jockeys. 
“You okay?” she asked, pecking his bare chest once with her lips. 
“I think I’ll live,” he said, rubbing the small of her back. “Where did you learn to do that?”
“First time.” Sarah played with the hair at the nape of his neck. “Just did what came naturally.”
“That’s for sure.” 
She giggled and patted his thigh. “One day, we’ll do it all, I promise.”
“I get it,” he said, pausing the movie. 
Sarah sat up wearing an expression of concern. “What’s the matter?”
Collin leaned toward the small clock over the TV and squinted into the dark. “What time does that thing say?” 
“Ten after ten.”
“Shit!” He sprung from the sofa and danced into his jeans. “My mom’s gonna kill me.”
“Why?” 
He flung his arms into his pullover and flopped in the recliner fumbling for his sneakers. “Mom wanted me home an hour ago.”
She curled up under the blanket holding it close to her face. “Do you always do everything your mom tells you?” She raised her eyebrows flirtatiously from behind the fringe of the fleece throw. 
Collin chuckled and tied his last shoe into place. “Most of the time, yes. I really wish I could stay – God, I do.” He put his leather jacket on and sat next to her. “My dad’s cousins from New York are coming in to stay the week at my house, and she wanted us all to be there when they showed up.”
She unfurled the blanket and wrapped her body around his. The cold black leather sent blood racing to other parts of her anatomy. “Sure I can’t convince you to stay?” She nibbled on his ear lobe as he fell back into the couch with a sigh. 
“Yes,” he said, sliding back to the cushion’s edge. “I’m sorry, babe. I’ve gotta get back.” He strode to the front door and turned to her as he opened it. “Call you tomorrow?”
She sighed and fell onto the arm of the sofa. “Such the momma’s boy. You’d better call.”
“I will. Love ya.” 
“You, too.” 
Collin closed the door with a gentle tug leaving her alone in the warm light of the paused movie. Sarah giggled as she got dressed. “I can’t believe we did that.” The rite of passage gave her a confused sense of accomplishment. 
“We talked about that stuff all the time,” she said to the room as she cleaned it. “It’s different when you really do it.” She slid her shirt on and snuggled up under the blanket. “Thank God he understood.”
Sarah got up and flipped the light on and the VCR off. Her knee bumped the stack of history project research as she made her way back to the couch. “Got nothing else more exciting happening this evening.” She picked up the journal and thumbed to her marked spot in the book. Her fingers drifted over the faded pen strokes as she read them:

“The shows in Little Rock were a somber affair. The Flying Perronis went on with their show, but the whole troupe fell into a rough spot. Things will never be the same for them after Bella. On a happy note, Paul says I’ve been pullin’ my weight pretty well. So, I’m gettin’ my salary of fifty cents a week now. We just pulled up stakes and are heading off to Springfield, MO. It feels good to be doin’ something that makes folks feel happy, if only for a little while.”

Chapter 25


“I gotta tell ya something, Noah,” Jimmy said, rolling over in his straw bed to come face to face with him. “I miss home something terrible.”
Noah’s head dropped to the edge of his bed. “I know what ya mean. I’m homesick, too.”
Their train car rocked back and forth along the rails under the steady guidance of the steam engine. Dull shafts of fading daylight broke through the cracks in the wood slats forming lines over Jimmy’s sullen expression.
“I wonder what Job’s up to.”
Noah rolled onto his stomach and propped himself up on his elbows. “I’ll bet he made it back just fine.” 
“What do you miss the most, Noah.”
The young man shrugged. “I reckon I miss my momma’s cookin’, bein’ with my brothers and sisters – that kinda stuff. You?” 
“Yeah, me, too.” Jimmy rolled onto his back lacing his slender fingers behind his head. “Me and Job used to have these crazy adventures on the river.” He stared off into the roof of the car, his big brown eyes unwavering. “We’d build us a raft outa dead logs and vines. Then we’d take her out on the river all day.” Jimmy chuckled. “We used to pretend we was Louis and Clark out explorin’ undiscovered places. You ever do any o’ that?”
Noah scoffed and lowered his chin on his hands. “O’ course. I used to read Treasure Island to the others every night before bedtime. The next day we’d be out all over the farm on pirate adventures diggin’ up treasure chests an’ such.” The big red curls at the front of his hairline bounced as he laughed. “The last one really got under momma’s skin.” He rubbed his upper arm. “She’s real partial to her egg bucket.” 
Jimmy laughed and turned his eyes to Noah. “Well, at least we’ve got our twenty cents a week now.”
Noah bit his tongue and clamped his jaws shut. I’ll just keep my fifty cents a week to myself. Loud hisses broke the stillness as the wheels under him ground to a screeching halt. 
“I guess we made it,” Jimmy said, setting up at his waist. “Back in Missouri.”
Chuck lumbered to the doors and parted them with his huge hands. “Time to get the next show under way, boys.” He hopped out onto the flat gravel as the train inched forward a few final feet. 
Les stepped out of the train car and joined his muscle in the fading sunset. Noah used an old line of rope nailed to the wall behind him to hoist his sore body out of his bed. He arched his back limbering up the knots under his skin and waddled out of the car. 
Springfield sat nestled in sprawling fields of grain and grass. 
“Welcome to Mizurrah,” Chuck said, stretching out his massive arms. 
Noah lined up behind him and Les as the Barker brothers bounded out of their cars near the front. 
Paul waved the gaggle to huddle closer to him. “Gather ‘round, everyone! We have a lot to do and not a lot of time.”
Noah and Jimmy followed the herd in closer to their leader. The circles under Paul’s eyes blew the whistle on his lack of sleep. 
“All right,” Paul said, turning his head as he spoke. “We have been invited to participate in a feature parade tomorrow morning in town.” 
The troupe gasped and clapped in surprise. 
“Yes, yes,” Paul said. “It’ll be a great opportunity for us to showcase our performers and drum up business. To that end, we must start preparations now.” He turned toward the train. “I need the parade cages put together, the animals cleaned and transferred, and all performers to spit-shine their costumes and their acts.”
The group disbursed in all directions, hungry for their shot at another showcase. 
Paul chased after them frantically. “All performers are to cease working at ten tonight. All others are to carry on until the job is done!” 
Les looked around at Noah and the rest of his small brood of laborers. “All right, gents. We’ve got our marchin’ orders.” He wobbled off toward the last few cars where the company kept the tents and cages. “Chuck and me will set up some of the tents while the rest of ya prep the cages and move the animals.” He clapped his small hands together loudly. “Let’s hop to it!”
Noah joined a group of men and worked on putting together the cages. He fumbled around with the heavy iron pieces, but the seasoned vets gave him a hand where necessary. He and the others toiled long after the red sun had dipped below the distant horizon. The experienced crew had put these things together hundreds of times in their years on tour, and had most of the parade cages up in a few hours. Noah and Jimmy leaned the last wall of iron bars into place as Les roamed around the camp lighting lanterns. 
“Why don’t you and your colored friend go get some brooms and clean out the cages before Elmer brings the animals out,” Les said, striking the last of his iron lanterns to life. 
Noah bobbed his red curls and motioned Jimmy to join him in his walk to the caboose. 
“We’re about halfway there, ain’t we?” Jimmy said, skipping beside Noah. “Those fellas sure can put one of those things up quick.”
“Not much longer,” Noah said, rounding the end of the train. 
“What does Les need us to do?”
Noah climbed the small set of steps on the side of the caboose and peered inside the car. A hodgepodge of cleaning supplies and odd pieces of metal lined its walls. “Clean out the cages.”
Noah handed him a broom and led the way around the back side of the train. A few cars ahead, an elephant trumpeted in defiance. 
“Come on, you dumb animal,” Paul hissed, prodding the beast with a hooked stick. He jabbed the barb into her hide once more and the elephant lumbered down the ramp out of her car. 
Noah looked into the same shocked expression on Jimmy’ face, and waved for him to follow between the cars. 
“Can you believe that?” Jimmy whispered as he straddled the metal link between boxcars. 
Noah put his finger over his lips and crept farther up the line. He snuck up the tracks closer to the animals and knelt down under the window of a train car with a huge crystal ball painted on its wooden slats. “We’ll see if we can --”
“Stop,” a woman pleaded from within the car behind him. 
Noah inched his back up the car until his eyes sat parallel to the small windowsill. A young female shook her black curls and backed away from the magician’s groping hands. 
“This is part of the act, I assure you,” the magician said. “I make these disappear and pull them from your blouse.” He waved a long line of colorful hankies tied together in knots. 
“Pull them from your own shirt, Julian.” His assistant slapped his prying paws away again and ran for the door. 
Noah grabbed Jimmy and scampered off across the field toward the cages. The young woman jogged into the shadows behind the tents in tears. 
“This whole circus has some sort of problem,” Jimmy said, sweeping out his side of the cage. 
Noah brushed the cage’s dust out into the grass and peered up at the waxing crescent in the heavens. “We’ve all got our problems. If she wants to share ‘em, she’ll say somethin’.”
His slender partner swept a small line of dirt between the bars and spat into the field. “Where you figure we’re rollin’ to next?”
“Somewhere farther west.” Noah jumped out of his cage and climbed into the next one in line. “Oklahoma? Texas?”
Jimmy tapped the end of his broom against the bars on Noah’s cage as he entered it. “Texas. Now, there’s a place I’ve been dyin’ to see.” He shook his head and smiled. “The Wild West.”
“Shoot,” Noah said, “that was forty years ago, Jim.”
“You don’t think there’s still cowboys and train robbers and such?”
“Oh, sure. They’re still around, but the Old West way of life is long gone, I’d bet.”
Jimmy cocked his head to one side. “Still. It’d be nice to see it for myself.”
“I’ll bet you will,” Noah said, hopping out of the cage. “C’mon, let’s finish these last two and get on to bed. I’m whipped.”
The tandem dusted and cleared the last of the animal cages and set out for the caboose. A sea of twinkling fireflies undulated across the rolling fields as far as Noah’s eyes could see. Once they had put their brooms away, he and Jimmy wandered back up the line toward their car. 
“Julius!” a woman begged. “I said, no.”
Land sakes alive. Noah slinked up under the magician’s windowsill again and slipped an eye over the edge. Julius had his assistant bent over a prop table and tore her underwear down past her quaking knees. 
“Shut up, Delores,” Julius hissed, pressing her torso into the tabletop. 
The ravenous magician undid his trousers and flipped Delores’ skirt up revealing her buttocks. His back faced Noah, so the monster had no idea his deed would live to see the light of day. 
“Please, Jules,” she whimpered. “Don’t.”
Too late. Noah cowered down as Julius’ own bare cheeks bucked like a locomotive piston. He crawled away on all fours, stunned and ashamed at the nightmare he had witnessed. 
“What in all hell was goin’ on?” Jimmy asked, bear-crawling up behind Noah. 
He shook his head and swallowed the bitter bile in throat. “It was her,” another knot of stomach acid welled up in his esophagus. “Delores, his assistant.”
Jimmy stood with his mouth open in complete confusion. 
“He was makin’ her,” Noah bit his tongue and waved him into their sleep car. “He made her do it with him. She didn’t wanna.”
Jimmy covered his mouth and gasped. “Noah, we gotta tell someone.”
Noah crawled into his bed and buried his dimpled face into the straw.
“We can’t let him get away with that, Noah. It ain’t right, and you know it.”
He lifted his face from the earthy odor of the bed and stared at his companion. “It’s not our place.”
“You think she’s gonna say anything?”
“It don’t matter, Jimmy,” Noah whispered, looking around to make sure they hadn’t woken the others. 
His friend rolled onto his side and lowered his head to the straw. “She won’t tell nobody, Noah.” 
“Let’s sleep on it and see what a clear mind says in the mornin’.” Noah rolled his back to Jimmy and heaved a lungful of stress out between the slats. “Night, Jimmy.”
“Night, Noah.” 
Noah looked up to the handful of shimmering stars among the cracks. She’s probably too ashamed to say anything. Hell, what am I gonna do? He wrestled with the horrifying image until his imagination let him shut his eyelids. 
Chapter 26


Noah hammered his last stake into the hard soil, securing the fortuneteller, Madame LaRouche’s, quarters in place. The French gypsy sauntered into her tent and rummaged through the large wooden chest in the corner. 
“Zees is good,” the middle-aged woman said. She flipped her dark curls out of her piercing green stare. “Now, where did I put that deck of cards?”
“Already on your table, Ms. LaRouche,” Noah said, pointing to the round slab of oak. 
“Thank you,” she said seductively. “And it’s, Rochelle.” 
The name rolled off her tongue like liquid lust. He undressed the petite gazer with his eyes as she bent over her chest sorting out her scarves. She may be older, but she’s still got it. 
“What do you think?” She held one up in either hand. “The red or the violet?” She cocked a hip out in his direction. 
Noah covered his sheepish grin with his hand. “The purple one is pretty.”
“Hmm,” she said, discarding the red one. “Maybe you can come to my car later.” She wrapped it around her neck and twirled the ends. “If you like it, I’ll wear this and nothing else, ehn?”
Blood pooled in regions of his body making him shift his stance to conceal his embarrassment. 
Rochelle flipped her scarf as she strode out into the early morning sun. “You know where to find me if you want me.”
He put the last of Rochelle’s props into place and joined the rest of the troupe under the pavilion for a quick breakfast and a review of the parade procedures. 
“Listen up everyone!” Paul shouted as several others filed into the pavilion. “We’re going to head out for downtown in a little while, but I wanted to go over our plan one more time before departure.” The lofty ringleader paced before his congregation, accenting important points with his hands. “Ollie, you’ll lead the way with the calliope. This will be followed by the clowns, then the Perronis, Madam LaRouche, Julius and Delores, all other performers, and finally the animal train.” Paul picked up a hotcake, rolled it, and took a big bite. “If there are no questions, dig in and be ready for the lineup in ten!” 
Les waved Noah and the rest of his team together in a far corner away from the bustling excitement. “All right, boys. We’ve got the most important jobs out there this morning.” His beady eyes found Noah’s. “Crowd control and security of our property. Make sure the macho men and kids stay back from the cages and performers.” 
Chuck nodded and swallowed the last of his breakfast. “There’s always at least one lamebrain who thinks he can impress his date by rattling the lion’s cage.” 
“Exactly,” Les said, leading the group toward a small tractor. “Elmer, will you do the usual honors?”
The elder handler climbed into the rusty bucket seat and wiggled the gear shift. “You better believe it.”
Les stood on the lowest step and inspected the gauges as Elmer fired the machine to life. “I’ll need everyone else to flank either side of the train while he pulls the animals along the route.” His gaze bounced between Noah and Jimmy. 
Noah gave his boss an affirmative bob and walked to the far side of the cages. The rest of the workers fanned out surrounding the animals and performers on both sides. Neil remained back at Elmer’s side while his older brother strode to the head of the procession. 
“Are we ready to get this show on the road?” Paul exclaimed. 
The troupe shouted back a collective, “Yeah!”
He tipped his top hat to Ollie. “Fire it up!” 
A lively tune whistled out of the brass standpipes as the horse-drawn calliope loped onto the street and turned for downtown Springfield. Noah walked with the convoy through the narrow city thoroughfares until they met up with area marching bands and officials. He could see Paul bent over in deep discussion with an older gentleman in a gray suit. Probably one of the parade big wigs. Jimmy held up his arms from the opposite side of the street. Noah returned the same gesture in response. He didn’t know what was going on either. 
In a few moments, the line marched forward into the sea of cheers and clapping. As he neared the start of the parade route, Noah saw why the performers got so excited to participate in these things. Fathers held their little ones on their shoulders as the clowns wandered by honking horns and passing out candies. Not a solitary frown could be seen anywhere. The thunderous boom of the marching band’s bass drums echoed around the winding streets. Julius produced a white dove from his hat and tossed it into the air up ahead. Noah trotted to the front of the animal train. Let’s just see what you’re into today, jackass. 
Delores strode a few paces behind Julius waving to the crowd wearing a fake smile. As they marched deeper into the parade route, her true emotions surfaced. On several occasions when Delores thought no one else saw her, she wiped back an agonizing tear. 
“That settles that,” Noah muttered through gritted teeth. 
“Hey there little kitty!” a local yokel exclaimed, dancing back and forth beside the lion’s cage. The big cat purred and shook out its elegant mane. 
Noah rushed to the aide of Chuck and Jimmy who already had the country bumpkin by both arms. 
“Let’s go, Mac,” Chuck said, tugging the showboat back to the sidewalk. “Wild animals are nothing to make light of.”
“I was just havin’ fun,” the local said. 
“If you want to have some fun, come to the show later this evening,” Chuck retorted, falling back into position beside the convoy. 


“Sure was nice of Paul to give us the rest of the afternoon off,” Jimmy said, following the railroad tracks parallel to Noah. 
“With all of the tents up and the show sold out, what else was left to do?” Noah kicked a rock across several ties in the middle of the track. 
“Whadaya reckon we should get into?”
Noah glanced up at the tufts of gleaming white that sailed across the sky. “I figured we could take some of this food down to our less fortunate friends outside of the station.”
They shared in a warming smile as the hobo jungle drew closer among the distant trees. A small band of travelers meandered around the circle of stumps and pails. One of the rail riders that looked their age strode from behind the bushes to meet them. 
“Fresh off the line?” he asked with a sniff of his grungy, bulbous nose. His short-cropped hair, once blond, now lay coated in grime and dust. The boy’s hazel eyes shimmered behind his dirty freckles. 
“Sorta,” Noah said, handing him a head of cabbage. “We came in with a traveling show. Figured you might want some extra food.”
“Much obliged.” The boy stuck out a filthy hand. “I’m Horace.”
“Noah.” He jabbed a thumb at his sidekick. “And Jimmy. We’ve been travelin’ together for a good while now.”
Horace walked them down into the heart of their jungle. “Come on in. ‘Fraid there ain’t much here in the lines of gettin’ clean, but we’ve got some food and extra places to sleep if you need it.”
“Thanks,” Noah said, “but we’re just passin’ through.” He set a bag of bread and beans next to another younger boy doing his best impersonation of a knot on a log. 
“Hang on,” Horace said, pushing his palm at Noah. “I’ll go find Old Lucky.” 
Noah and Jimmy stood under silent scrutiny by the others in the jungle. A couple of the grown men on the far side of the fire pit sized Noah up for a fleeting second and then nodded once he was certain Noah’s intentions had been sincere. 
“Noah, Jimmy,” Horace said, standing aside to reveal the crooked elder behind him. “This here is Old Lucky.” 
Noah tipped his red curls. “Good to meet ya.” 
The crusty old-timer glanced to the bag of food and then back to Noah. “We ‘preciate your hospitality. This here’ll give us a good feast tonight.” Lucky lowered his wiggling, bushy white brows to the dirt. “I suspect we’ll get a few new arrivals tonight, too.” He motioned to some spots around the ring of stones. “Pull up fer a spell. I’d like to hear what you’ve seen out and about.”
“All right,” Noah said, plopping down in the dirt beside a leather-skinned hobo. “What would you like to hear?”
“Is things gettin’ any better?” the leathery hobo asked. 
Noah shook his head. “Not that I’ve seen. I came by way of Ohio and Chicago, and it’s no better in those places.” 
The dejection spread through the camp like a wildfire. 
“There’s work out east,” Noah said, “don’t get me wrong. No part of the country back that way was spared from this mess, though.” He plucked a stray weed from under a bush and slid into the corner of his mouth. “Anybody here come from out west?”
No one spoke up. 
“We’re all are tryin’ to get out that way,” Horace said at last. “I came from Alabama. Not much different down there.”
“When I was your age,” Old Lucky said, “I wandered the streets of Dodge City.” His head of white hair jerked to one side. “They still settled their differences in the streets back then. Got my first job lookin’ after Bat Masterson’s horse.”
“You was a real cowboy?” Jimmy asked. 
“Meh,” Lucky groaned, “I wouldn’t say cowboy so much as I would squire or apprentice.” 
“Still something else in my book,” Noah said. 
Old Lucky shuffled to a stump and eased onto it. “Point is, times were pretty tough back then, but we still made it.” His head bobbed involuntarily as he stared at the stones. “However bad this thing gets, we’ll all still make it out the other side. You watch.”
Jimmy’s lean hand tapped Noah’s right shoulder blade. He poked a thumb back in the direction of the circus. Noah got up off the ground and dusted out his coveralls. 
“Sure you boys don’t wanna stick around for supper?” Lucky asked. 
“Yeah,” he replied. “You fellas go on and enjoy. We’ve gotta get back to our train.” 
“Well,” Lucky said, tossing up a hand, “suit yourselves. Thanks all the same.”
Noah gave them a final wave as he and Jimmy wandered back up the line toward the circus grounds. When they returned to the field, most folks still lay sprawled out in the fragrant grass napping under the sun. 
“You give any more thought to last night?” Jimmy asked. 
“She was still cryin’ today at the parade.” Noah balled his fists and strode toward Paul’s car. “You were right, ole buddy. I need to say somethin’.” 
Paul opened his door before Noah could finish the third knock. 
“Yes?” 
“I need to speak to you about something really important, Mr. Barker.”
Paul’s eyes scanned him from head to foot. He sensed the urgency in Noah’s tone and stance. “All right, son. Come inside.” 
Noah followed him in and waited until the door had been closed before proceeding. 
“What can I do for you?” Paul’s demeanor remained cool and professional. 
“It’s Delores,” Noah said, wringing his hands. “I saw somethin’ that I think you should know.”
“Very well, son.” Paul bent over his small desk and jotted down some numbers in a ledger. “Spit it out.”
Noah looked him in the eyes. “Last night when I was comin’ back from cleaning out the cages, I saw the magician, Julius, doin’ stuff to her.”
Paul spun his pencil in circles in the air. 
“I saw him bend her over his table and yank her drawers down. Then he – he did it with her.”
Paul belted out a hearty laugh. “That sort of thing happens all the time between grownups. How do you think you came to be, dear boy?” 
Noah shook his red locks. “You don’t understand, Mr. Barker. She begged him not to do it, but he forced her to anyway.”
Paul slammed his pencil down on the desktop. “What? Do you know what it is you’re accusing this man of, boy?” His tone morphed into a venomous hiss. 
“Yes, sir.”
“I will have a word with Delores about this right now.” Paul opened the door for Noah to exit. “If I find out you’ve been lying to me, boy --”
“I’m not, Mr. Barker.” 
He stuffed his top hat on his head. “For your sake, I pray not.” He stormed off toward Julius’ train car hell-bent on justice. 
Noah trotted down the slope to rejoin Jimmy under the pavilion. “I hope I just did the right thing.”
Jimmy rested his hand on Noah’s shoulder. “You did. No matter what happens, you know you did.”


The sellout crowd exited the big top that night mesmerized by the entertainment they had witnessed. A father swung one of his children on his hands imitating the aerial acrobatics of their favorite Perroni. Noah smiled. If only for a brief moment, the spectators’ troubles ceased to exist. He and Jimmy strode in conversation back to their car for a short break before they would have to start tearing the whole thing down. 
“You think she told him?” Jimmy inquired, nodding at the train. 
“I hope so.” 
Paul’s screams radiated from his car as the boys walked past it. Punches and shattering glass soon followed freezing Noah in his tracks. The door to Paul’s car blew open and Julius sailed out skidding across the grass on his back. 
“If I ever catch you anywhere near my company again,” Paul barked, pointing at the cowering magician, “I’ll do more than inflict injury! I should have stuck you and threw you from the train.” He stomped down his stairs, waving the show’s strongman to follow him. “Ivan, could you please escort Julius into town and see that he finds a suitable means of travel in the opposite direction?”
The brawny bald man grunted in accord and trudged down the steps. His unfastened coverall strap swung against his muscular bare chest as he advanced on the fallen man. “On your feet, cur!”
Julius stammered to his feet and stuttered back a few paces from the gritty brute. Ivan took a fistful of his tux jacket and dragged the infidel out into the town’s darkness. Paul strode over to Noah and grabbed him by the shoulders.
“You did a great thing,” Paul said. “I may be down an act for a bit, but it’s worth it to me.” He patted Noah on the neck in a fatherly way. “Well done, son.”
Noah nodded and rejoined Jimmy en route to their car. He wore his pride like a badge of honor. As they passed Shannon, the showgirl tossed Jimmy a flirtatious wink and smile. 
“Jimmy,” Noah said in a parental tone. “You still foolin’ around with her?”
“I can’t help it, Noah. I have to clean out those stalls.”
He took Jimmy by an elbow and dragged him in between two railcars. “What in the world have you two been doin’? You saw how crazy Paul can get.”
Jimmy lowered his eyes and shook his head. “She’s been goin’,” he pointed to his groin, “down there.”
“Oh, Jesus, Jimmy!” Noah hissed. “You’ve gotta steer clear o’ Shannon, ya hear? She’s Paul’s girl, and if he finds out what you’ve been up to…” 
He didn’t have to complete his thought for his pal to get the message loud and clear. If Paul caught wind of Jimmy’s canoodling, he and Shannon both would be thrown from the train, or worse. 
Chapter 27


“Thanks.” Sarah handed the cabbie a twenty through the rolled-down passenger window and stepped onto the broken sidewalk. 
The small two-story home at 325 Duff Avenue loomed at the other end of the strip. Her nerves clenched down on her gut like a rusty vice. Each additional pace brought with it a question into the worth of this journey. Am I doing the right thing? Will I even gain anything from this trip at all? If he is my real dad, will he admit to it?
The short set of crooked steps passed quickly under her feet. The home’s worn whitewashed wooden door stood watch over Sarah’s hopes and dreams. She lifted her gloved hand to rap on the glass door, but the white one behind it swung open startling her. 
“Sarah?” the scruffy man asked. 
She bobbed her head. 
“I’m Albert,” he said, popping the glass door ajar. “Come on in.”
She inched onto the worn welcome mat and wiped off her boots. Albert turned and strode to the kitchen with no other formalities. 
“Sorry the place is such a mess,” he said as she trailed behind him. “I work swing shifts over at the plastics plant on Bridgeport Hill, so I don’t get around to cleaning much.”
Sarah shook off the excuse. “It’s all right. I don’t mind.” 
He slid a rusty metal chair out from under the matching round table. “Please, make yourself at home.”
She nervously dropped into the shiny red cushion and crossed her legs. 
Al wandered over to his sink and filled up a glass with water. His shoulder-length auburn hair drifted around his face as he searched for another cup. “Want some water?”
“Sure. Thank you.”
He returned to his chair with the extra glass of tap water. A small clump of fiery red hair encompassed his mouth and chin. “So, what prompted you to hunt me down?”
She tipped a sip of the sulfurous water past her lips. “A history project started it all.” 
“Eck!” Al said in disgust. “I hated that class in school.” 
“Me, too,” she said, chuckling. “I was doing some research for the project at the county clerk’s office and came across my birth records.” 
“You’re a crafty one, all right.” 
Sarah smiled over the rim of her cup as she took another drink. She studied his facial features with keen interest. He’s got the same nose, eyes, hair color, and mannerisms. It’s got to be him. 
“Everything all right?” His blue eyes bounced back and forth over the brim of his glass. 
“Yeah. We appear to have a lot in common.”
“Oh?” He set his glass on the table and crossed his bulky arms. 
Sarah swallowed hard. “The same hair, eyes, nose… Should I go on?”
He locked eyes with her for several seconds before conceding. “Hell, you’re probably right. I’m likely your dad, but what do you want from me?”
Sarah relaxed into the back of her chair. “I just want the truth. The stuff mom has fed me so far has been nothing but lies.” Her gaze drifted to a half-empty bottle of whiskey on the counter next to the beige fridge. “I want to find out who I really am, and who you and mom were.” 
Al drew a sharp inhalation and jabbed his head at the bottle on the counter. “Not everything your mom told ya was lies. She was right about the drunk part.” He cleared his throat and leaned into the table’s edge. “So, what do ya wanna know?”
“Everything.”
“Okay,” he said, drumming his fingers on the flecked white surface. “Life for me these days is easy. I live here in this old place by my lonesome. I obviously didn’t die in no crash or any of that.” 
“What were you guys like in high school?”
He propped his right leg up on the other knee. “We were a lot like most of the other couples back then. We were young, horny, and in love.”
Sarah laughed into the remaining water in her cup. 
“Let’s see,” he said, searching his memories. “Back then, I was in a rock band. Your mom ran with the popular crowd at the time.”
“My mom?”
“Yup. Your mom.” Al sat back into his seat and clasped his hands over his beer belly. “Guess she had a wild streak in her because she found her way to me. One night after we had been together for a year or so, she tells me she wants a baby. Said it was the only sure-fire way to get away from her folks.”
Conflicting images of the vision her mother wanted Sarah to see and who she really was clashed in Sarah’s mind. “Sounds like she had a bit of the Greene streak in her.” 
“The which?”
“Never mind,” she said. “Go on.”
“So, four months later, Karla tells me she’s pregnant.” His stare widened as it zoned out into the tabletop. “I freaked out.” Al shook his head and mind free of the daydream. “Anyways, after graduation, we broke it off. I spent some time runnin’ around the southwest doin’ odd jobs for a while.”
Sarah’s brows furrowed. “Mom came from money?”
“Guess so,” Al said, jutting his lower lip out pensively. “She lived on the ritzy side of town back then.” He returned the furrowed look. “You mean to tell me you never visited your grandparents?”
“Sure, I did,” she said, “but it was back when I was little. They came to see us most of the time.”
This drew a curious ‘hmm’ from Al. Sarah peered down at her watch. My thoughts exactly, Al, but it’s time for me to go. 
“Can I use your phone?” 
He hopped up from his seat and retrieved the phone from its cradle atop the fridge. “Time to go?”
She nodded and unfurled the slip of paper she kept in her coat pocket. “Hello? Can I get a cab to three-twenty-five Duff Avenue, please?” The operator repeated the address back in her right ear. “That’s right. Five minutes? Thank you. Bye.”
“Well,” Al said, escorting her to the front door, “feel like you got some of your questions answered?”
She stalled at the glass door unsure of what to do next. “Yeah, I think I did.” She set one foot forward and raised her arms. He’s my dad. Do I hug him? Shake his hand? Give him a high five? 
She lowered her arms and stepped out onto the porch. “Guess I’ll talk to you sometime later?”
Albert smiled leaning on the doorframe. “That’d be nice.” 
A yellow Taurus pulled up in front of the house and its driver slammed the slap shift into park. 
“That’s my ride,” she said. “Thanks again for having me over.” 
“Anytime, kiddo.”
Sarah hurried through the biting winter air and climbed into the bench seat in back. 
“Where to, young missy?” the round old man behind the wheel asked. 
“Main Street – Jane Lew.”
He slammed the shifter on the steering column down into drive and peeled out into the street. “Jane Lew, it is.”
Sarah eased back into the warmth of the car and tried to make sense of her newfound data. There’s a lot more to mom than I thought. 
Chapter 28


The cab pulled in next to a salt-covered black Ford Ranger. 
“Crap,” Sarah said, handing the cabbie the last of the twenties she had tucked in her pocket. 
She stood dumbfounded on the sidewalk in front of the building’s main doors. She had to come up with a good cover story for her mother and fast. How in the world did she beat me home? She crept up the stairwell on the balls of her feet hoping to slide through the door and into her room unnoticed. 
“Who am I kidding?” 
Sarah frumped up the steps and turned the knob on the front door. 
Her mom sat in her usual seat at the table with her back to Sarah. She already had her navy blue work clothes on. “Where have you been?” 
She hung her coat on a wooden hook on the wall and slid off her shoes. “Just out doing some research for my history project.”
“And it required a taxi?” Karla forked another bit of her TV dinner into her concealed mouth. 
Sarah strode to the fridge and pulled a plate of cold leftover enchiladas out. “I had to look up some things over at the county clerk’s office in Clarksburg.” She nuked her dinner up in the microwave. 
“Funny thing happened just a few minutes before you walked in.” Her mother drew a mouthful of her soda from her cup. 
Sarah carted her meal and soda to the vacant chair across the table. "Oh“ yeah?”
“Yeah. Albert calls me out of the blue, Sarah.” 
The color drained from the teen’s face as she cut a bite out of the end of her enchilada. 
“Why in the hell did you go there, Sarah?” Karla asked, slamming her fork on the table. “After I told you – told you – not to go butting your nose in where it didn’t belong. Why?”
Sarah did her best to control her shaking fingers as she reached for her drink, but the raw terror in Karla’s eyes broke her will. “You lied to me. That’s why.” She took a long draw off the soda and returned the glass to the tabletop. “I had to find out who he was – who I am.”
Karla snatched her utensils off the soiled napkin and dug back into her meal. “It’s none of your damn business.”
“He’s my father!” 
Her mother stabbed the remnants of her roast with her butter knife. “I was tryin’ to protect you, and that’s all you need to know about the matter, Sarah!” She bit the hunk of beef off the end of the knife and laid it in the empty tin. “You’re grounded for two weeks. No Collin – no nothing other than leaving this house to do your chores, which still need done.” 
Rage overpowered Sarah’s fear. She tossed her fork onto the blue and white porcelain plate with a clang. “What? That’s not fair, mom!” 
“Lots of things aren’t fair, kid. That’s life.”
“Hmm,” Sarah said defiantly. “Like your life?”
Karla dropped an elbow on the table and propped her chin in her hand. “And just what is that supposed to mean?”
“The rich life that didn’t include my grandparents.” Sarah hacked into her Mexican roll like it was her mother’s wrist. 
“Drop it, Sarah.”
“What happened?” Sarah jammed the bite between her lips and mashed. “Why didn’t I have them very much growing up?”
Karla pulled her arm off the table and sat stoic for what felt to Sarah like a small eternity. “Damn it!” Her mom leaped up from her chair overturning the entire table in the process. 
Sarah flung her fork into the kitchen and slid back as fast as she could, but her best effort didn’t outrun Karla’s fury. The edge of the tabletop slammed into her thighs just above her kneecaps. Hot waves of pain and a numbing tingle engorged her lower extremities. She forced her legs to work through the agony, staggering into the wall behind her. 
“When will you learn to just leave things alone?” Karla barked, her eyes wild and infuriated. 
Sarah stumbled around the wreckage and bit her lip through the pain as she ran down the hall. God, please don’t let them be broken. 
“And I want this mess cleaned up before I get back home in the morning, too!” 
Sarah slammed her bedroom door shut and collapsed onto her bed. Misery throbbed from her legs as she curled into the fetal position. “Who does that?” she said through a sob. 
Chapter 29


Somewhere between the fireworks of her mother’s affections and her collapse on her bed, Sarah had lost two hours to unconsciousness. She rolled off her tear-stained pillowslip and heaved her body upright on the edge of her mattress. The pain over her knees still made its presence known, though not as prominent as it had been before. 
“I don’t think she broke them,” she said, rubbing the muscle bellies on both legs. “Bruised really bad, no doubt.” 
She eased onto them at the side of her bed and found the blue backpack poking up over the mound of dirty clothes in her closet. 
“No more,” she said, hobbling over to the clothes. 
Sarah pulled the bag from its hiding place and double checked its contents. “Yup. All there.” She zipped her bag closed and stormed out to the front door. “I done with this shit!” she exclaimed through a fresh onslaught of tears. “Just done.” 
After lacing up her boots and throwing on her coat, Sarah slung the backpack over her right shoulder and took one last look around the room. Something caught the glint of sunlight on the near lamp table. A corner of faux wooden picture frame stabbed into the wash of fading daylight making her freeze in her boots. 
“Damn it,” she said, dropping her bag to the floor. 
Sarah took the five-by-seven in both hands and relived the captured memory. The still photograph showed her and Karla side by side on the fastest steel coaster on the planet in Kennywood Park. Both girls’ hair flew back like red and black tails of burning comets as their train sped down the hill at breakneck speeds. She rubbed her mother’s face with the pad of her thumb. That smile. If only her mom could find out where she hid it and bring it back. 
“Those were some great times.”
Sarah sat the picture back in its place and unzipped her coat. She untied her boots and kicked them against the wall by the front entrance. “She does have a good side, but that demon in her has to be purged.” She lumbered over to the sofa and flopped into an inviting cushion with a defeated sigh. 
“Looks like you’re the only true friend I’ve got right now,” she said, picking up her great uncle’s journal from the coffee table. “Might as well see what’s new in your life. Mine’s goin’ nowhere fast.”
Sarah thumbed through the worn edges of the pages until she found the T&L napkin she’d been using as her bookmark. 


‘We’re in Lincoln, Nebraska these days. Just pulled into town a day ago, in fact. Life on the rails is very exciting. You get to see a lot of wonderful places and meet a lot of neat folks, but I’m starting to miss home terribly. I can’t help but wonder how April and Maxie are gettin’ along. I wonder if ma and pa still have our farm, or if these crazy times have forced them to sell off, too. How could a country as great as ours come into such an unbelievable nightmare?’


Noah slid his shovel under the last small hummock of elephant dung and lifted into the air. Cleaning out the animal’s train cars was by far the worst job in the troupe, but it gave him time alone to clear the crap from his mind, too. He tossed the last of the waste into the underbrush and set the shovel back in its corner in the train car. 
“Almost the end of another profitable day,” he said, hopping out of the car and into the rays of the dying sun. “Better go find Jimmy so we can walk our last rounds before bedtime.” 
The massive pachyderm snorted with a nod of her head. 
“Thanks, girl.” Noah tapped the side of the door and slid it shut. “You have a good night, too.”
Dried sweat caked every square inch of Noah’s sunburned skin. What I wouldn’t give for a decent bath right now.  He lumbered in the direction of the big top; its yellow pennant flapped in the growing breeze. 
Noah lifted his nostrils into the wind. “Smells like a storm’s brewin’, all right.” 
He strode into the horse stalls and squinted as the lantern light contracted his pupils. 
“Come on,” a woman insisted. “Just relax and have a little fun.” The seductive voice belonged to Shannon. 
“N-No, ma’am,” Jimmy stammered, zipping up something. “I can’t be doin’ this sorta thing. It ain’t right.”
Noah tucked himself into the shadows of some saddles hanging on the nearby posts. Moist kisses popped into existence on the other side of the stable walls. 
“I-I’m sorry, Ms. Shannon,” Jimmy said. “I’ve gotta be goin’ now.”
Jimmy’s slender form blinked in and out of existence as he darted between the lit posts. Noah crept to the front flap of the stable tents and pursued his friend’s fleeting form. 
“Jimmy!” he said, scampering after him in the stiff wind. “Wait up.” 
They both stopped on the far side of the big top in the solace of its huge shadow. 
“She tried to do it again, Noah!” 
Noah hunched over next to his buddy gasping for air. “I-I know.”
“What am I gonna do?” Jimmy’s eyes begged for the answer. “If he finds out I haven’t done my job, he’ll fire me.”
Noah arched his back releasing the iron tension in his weary muscles. “Not if we explain what’s been going on.”
Jimmy slapped the side of his dirty jeans. “You really think Paul’s gonna believe me – a dumb black kid over his own girl?”
Noah hadn’t thought about it from that angle. “You’re right. We can’t tell Paul.” He tapped Jimmy’s arm with the back of his fingers. “What about his brother, Neil?”
“Really, Noah?”
Noah kicked a clod of dirt at his feet. “Yeah. I guess he’s less likely to turn on his own blood than a stable whore. What do we do, Jimmy?”
“Nothin’,” Jimmy said, sagging his head in defeat. “Nothin’ at all. We do our jobs, make it to the next town, and then get the hell away.”
“Why not make a run for it now?” He must have done something to anger God. As soon as Noah finished the question, a biting breeze full of dust and small gravel stung his face and exposed skin. 
“Black roller!” several of the other workers shouted racing frantically around the camp. “Get inside and shut the doors!” 
The fear in Jimmy’s blank gaze gave Noah all of the confirmation he needed. The tandem bolted for their train car amid the swirling dust and debris. 
“Everyone, get in the train!” Paul shouted, stomping down the steps out of his car. 
Noah followed his boss’s eyes to the towering wall of black clouds that barreled from the southwestern plains. The dust storm’s immense walls consumed the setting sun bringing on an artificial nightfall in an instant. Hordes of performers scrambled from the big top and made a mad dash for the train. Noah buried his mouth and nose in the crook of his elbow and jumped into his sleeping car. Jimmy slid on his legs right beside him. Safe at home plate! 
“Get into your bunks and cover your heads,” Les instructed as he slammed the car doors shut.
“Are we all here?” Chuck asked in a booming tone. 
Les scurried around the car counting heads as he went. “Murph. Where’s Murph?”  The sawed-off man raced to the doors and released the locking bolts. 
“No!” Chuck exclaimed. “He might’ve gone into someone else’s car.” He shut the doors overtop of Les’ head. “You’d never make it out there.” 
A powerful blast of wind shook their train car and blew black death into every nook and cranny. Noah pulled his undershirt over his head and curled into a ball on his straw bed. He coughed and gagged as the relentless storm winds forced the debris into his nose and throat. 
Chapter 30


Sunrise came the next day, as it had for eons past. Everything in Noah’s car lay under a thick blanket of brown. 
“Jimmy?” 
His partner’s curled mass groaned. Jimmy’s head popped out of the neck hole in his undershirt and shook the dust from its tight black curls. “I’m still kickin’.”
Chuck strode over to their corner and surveyed the damage. “You boys all right over here?”
Noah bobbed his red locks. “Fine.” 
Chuck heaved the car doors ajar with a tug from his thick arms and jumped down onto the tracks. “Sweet Mother Mary.”
“Sweet Lord,” Les said, easing down onto the step into their car. “I’ve seen some bad things, but this takes the cake.”
As Noah sprung to his feet, a layer of dirt fell to the floor forming a small pile. Nothing in his life could have prepared Noah for what he saw when he joined his foremen outside. Everything within eyesight had been coated in brown destruction. One side of the big top lay partially in ruin – several of its stakes having been yanked free. Three of the sideshow tents rippled in the gentle breezes a hundred yards across the rolling meadow on their sides. 
“I’ve never seen anything so gruesome.”
Jimmy stepped gingerly down next to him. “I never knew such a thing even existed.”
Several of the other car doors creaked open followed by gasps and terrified shrieks. Paul and Neil raced out of their train car and surveyed the remnants of their family enterprise. 
“Is everyone accounted for?” Neil asked, striding toward the pavilion. 
Most of the others looked to one another in disbelief. 
“Murph,” Les said. “Has anyone seen Murph?”
“Murph!” Paul exclaimed, walking around the front of the train engine. “Murph?” 
Les and Chuck spread out and mimicked their leader’s actions, and soon after, the entire troupe set out on a manhunt for their missing comrade. 
“Let’s get to it,” Noah said, walking toward the sideshow tents. 
Jimmy tarried along behind him. “Did you see the way Paul and Shannon was lookin’ at me?” 
Noah stepped over a fallen pole. “Nah. I guess I missed it.”
“They’re lookin’ at me differently.” Jimmy blew the stress out of his chest. “I don’t know what she told him, Noah, but she told him somethin’.” 
“Let’s just get through the day,” Noah said, “and we’ll regroup on the other end.” 
The duo sifted and searched through battered tents and under fallen trees for Murph.  Regardless of where they looked, the missing man could not be found. Paul’s whistle resounded around the open field calling the search to a halt. 
“There’s a good chance that he found shelter somewhere in town.” Paul held out a hand to the toppled main tent. “Right now, we have to prepare for this evening ladies and gentlemen. The show must go on.”
Noah and Jimmy joined Les who was already busy sorting out the tangled mess of ropes on the big top. The afternoon faded into early evening, and the men had fully restored the main tent. Gusts from the southwest forced their way through the camp taking with them most of the dust that the prior storm had brought. 
A large crowd now sat under the big top awestruck by yet another Barker Brothers production. People jeered at clowns on unicycles and gasped as Shannon stunned them with her riding routine. The Flying Perronis had a cousin come in to replace Bella and finished their portion of the show to a standing ovation and misty eyes. 
“You see what I’ve been tryin’ to tell you?” Jimmy said, staring at Paul and Shannon as they walked out of the tent after the show. 
“I believe you, Jimmy.” Noah sped up his pace as they left the big top’s radiance. 
“What are we gonna do?” 
Noah led them into the flashing lights and inviting sounds of the sideshow carnival. “Like you said, the best thing right now is to just lay low and wait it out.” He pointed to the concessions area. “I’m starvin’.”
“I’ll go,” Jimmy said, holding his belly, “but I don’t have much of an appetite.”
Noah bit into his hot dog with ravenous abandon. Between the stress of the storm and the typical grind of his workday, Noah’s belly protested louder than usual. 
“I don’t like this,” Jimmy said, sizing up every shifty shadow as they passed. 
“You worry too much.” Noah downed the last of his red hot as Ivan hoisted a massive 500-pound barbell over his bald head. 
“Yeah?” Jimmy bent in close to Noah’s ear. “Then why have those same three gents been following us since the show ended?”
Noah craned his head around on his slender neck.
“No!” Jimmy hissed. “Don’t look. Just walk us around the corner, and we’ll make a run for the tree.”
Noah led them to the next intersection in the sideshow tents and followed his friend in a mad sprint toward the mighty oak a short distance away. Noah nearly ran over Jimmy as they raced around opposite sides of the trunk’s girth. 
“See there?” Jimmy pointed back in the direction of the carnival. 
“Yup. I see ‘em,” Noah said, studying the three silhouettes searching the shadows next to Madame LaRouche’s tent. 
“It’s her,” Jimmy whispered into the tree bark. “I know she’s up to somethin’.” 
“They’re definitely up to no good.” Noah kept his eyes on the trio of thugs as they meandered up and down the aisle where he and Jimmy disappeared. “Once they give up the chase, we’ll head straight for our car and hunker down.”
Noah peeked around the trunk, waiting for the goons to depart, and when they finally did, he and Jimmy ran across the dark meadow with their hearts in their throats. Noah slid the car doors shut as Jimmy bounded into the hollow confines of the rail car. 
“We’ve gotta get out now, Noah.” 
He shook his red curls setting as eye up to the space between two wooden slats. “This town is too small. The cops would sniff us out in no time.” All sat quiet outside the car. The calliope’s distant tune bounced on an evening breeze intermingled with the mouthwatering aromas of the carnival. “I overheard Paul and Neil talkin’ about the next stop in Colorado. I say we wait it out until then and make a run for it.”
Jimmy crept next to Noah and peered through the neighboring slit. “I suppose you’re right. We wouldn’t get too far on this open flat land.” He strode to his cot and eased into the back wall. 
Noah trotted over and joined his pal. “What do you think she’s up to?”
Jimmy raised his shoulders. “She was pretty mad that I didn’t do what she wanted today.”
Noah stared into the pale moonlight on the floor, hoping that it might offer up some divine inspiration or a plan. 


Noah awoke to the car door slamming open. Three burly goons made quick work of the steps and fanned out inside. Les and Chuck climbed in on their heels and sealed the train car closed. 
“Where is he?” one of the thugs demanded. 
“Let’s not go jumpin’ to any conclusions,” Les said, attempting to bar the men’s progress. Being half of their size, he knew his effort was futile. 
“Where you hidin’, you little negrah thief?” the barrel-chested man said, pushing Les to one side. 
Noah slid up the wall to his feet as Jimmy shuffled over to his side. 
“I swear,” Jimmy said, “I didn’t do nothin’ wrong.”
The thug marched into their corner of the train car. Dark pools of perspiration soaked his red and black flannel shirt. “Nothin’, huh? Shirked your duties tearin’ down the tents and puttin’ away the animals.”
The train’s whistle bent into the late night air as the locomotive inched forward. 
“And for what?” The dark-bearded brute stomped to Jimmy’s mattress and stuffed a big paw under the straw. 
Jimmy’s eyes widened when the man’s hand returned with a small black change purse. “Noah, you’ve gotta believe me.”
“I do,” he said, not taking his blue stare off the accuser. 
“Just where she said she saw you hide it.” The big man shook it in front of Jimmy’s big brown eyes. “How do you explain this?”
Jimmy shook his head. “It’s a lie, sir. I didn’t take it.”
“Someone put it there!” Noah protested. 
Jimmy’s accuser jabbed a thick finger at Noah’s nose. “You’ll stay outa this, if ya know what’s good for ya.”
The line of cars picked up speed as the circus barreled down the line toward its next destination. The big man grabbed Jimmy by his shirt and flung him toward the doors. 
“Thievin’ is against our code here,” he growled, taking methodic paces across the floor, “and must be punished.”
 The thug bore his yellow fangs as one of his other cronies pulled Jimmy to his feet. A small piece of polished steel passed in and out of the fleeting shadows in the man’s right hand. 
“No!” Chuck rushed to Noah’s side and blocked his path. 
“Let it be, son.” 
The big man’s other two cohorts slid the doors open as their leader shoved Jimmy closer to the threshold. 
“Please,” Jimmy begged. “I didn’t do anything to anybody.” 
Noah could only watch through his tears as the brute buried his blade deep into Jimmy’s chest and shoved him into the passing darkness. 
Noah scrambled under Chuck’s hand and crawled across the dusty planks to the cool breeze. “Jesus! Jimmy!” 


Sarah blotted a tear from the corner of her eye with a knuckle and a sniffle. She closed the journal on her left fingers and wiped her vision clean. Having sucked in a deep breath, she opened Noah’s journal and read the last part of his entry.

“I screamed and looked back down the line, hoping Jimmy would get up and run into the weeds. Instead, my best pal lay there dead along the railroad tracks somewhere in Nebraska.”
Chapter 31


Sarah strode back to the couch with a damp tissue in hand and the toilet tank filling up in the bathroom behind her. 
“I’ve gotta find him now more than ever.” 
She cracked the journal to her last page and spun the book sideways. 
“What did you find?” she asked, bending closer to the scribbles in the page’s margin. 
An ink pen had made these marks and stood out from the rest of November’s faded entries.
Gerald Perkins. Joplin, MO. 
Then a little farther down next to a phone number: possibly a nephew??
“Aw, great!” She slapped the open pages and collapsed into the couch. “Another conversation with a stranger.” 
Sarah picked the phone up and hit the talk button. Then she shut the phone back off. The dance of indecision raged on through four more dial tones before the fifth one stuck. 
“Okay,” she said, glancing at the numbers. “Deep breath.”
One by one, she punched in the digits to a connection somewhere across the country. One ring. Then another. 
“Come on,” she said. “Pick up.”
“Hi --”
“Hi, is Gerald there?”
“ – you have reached the Perkins residence. No one is here to take your call right now. If you leave your name, number and a brief message after the tone, we’ll be sure to return your call.”
“Damn it.” Sarah jammed her thumb into the talk button and tossed it against the couch. “Better clean up this mess.” 
She used an arm on the sofa to assist her in getting up. Her legs still hurt from the incident, and the kitchen table remained overturned. 
“Pain’s definitely still there,” she said, righting the table on all fours. Two black-eyed susans lay spilled from their blue glass vase. One of the flowers had a handful of yellow petals strewn about its ruined remains. 
“Guess you’ll have to work it with what you’ve got left,” she said, setting the three-petaled flower beside its perfect counterpart. 
After she cleaned up the wreckage, Sarah nestled in under her fleece throw and waited for the start of her favorite program. The white receiver rolled down the indented cushion and tapped her left thigh. 
“Oh, fine.” She picked up the phone and talked to its buttons. “One more time, but that’s it.” 
Sarah turned it on and hit redial. 
“Hello?” 
She paused for a second sure she had been redirected to Gerald’s machine again.
“Hello?” he asked on the other end. “Is anyone there?” His voice sounded full of warmth and patience. 
“Hello,” she said at last. “Is Gerald Perkins available?”
“This is Gerry. And with whom am I talking?”
She pinched the phone on her right shoulder and turned the volume on her TV down. “My name is Sarah Daniels. It’s kind of a long story.” A stressful breath escaped her lips. “Does the name Jimmy Kendal ring any bells for you?”
“Yeah,” Gerry said. “He was my dad’s brother. Why? What’s this about?”
“My great aunt left me her older brother’s journal when she died a few months ago.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“And I’ve been reading it trying to find out what happened to him. You see, he disappeared a long time ago, too. Anyway, in his journal, my great uncle wrote about traveling with your Uncle Jimmy. They worked in a traveling circus together.”
“I’m with you so far,” Gerry said. “Do you know what happened to him?”
“Yes,” she said, clearing her throat. “At least, I think so.” She took the journal from the table and set it in her lap. “According to this, Jimmy was stabbed for allegedly stealing something and thrown from the train somewhere in Nebraska.”
Audible sorrow bled into her earpiece. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Perkins.” 
“No, no,” Gerry said in a shaky tone. “It’s not your fault. It’s a lot to take in all at once is all.”
“The journal didn’t go into a lot of details,” Sarah said, “but my great uncle did write that he believed Jimmy was innocent of what he was killed for.”
Gerry remained silent for long time before he spoke. “We’ve wondered what happened to him for so long. Dad knew that he’d run away, of course, but we just assumed he found a better life in California.” He sighed into the line. “At least we now have some closure, ya know.”
“I do.” She fished her notebook off the stack of project work and flipped it to a clean sheet. “Gerry, did your dad ever mention any stories or information about my great uncle, November Greene?” 
“Yeah,” he said, “dad told us some of the stories he’d gotten from Uncle Jimmy in letters. I mostly recall it being what you’ve already mentioned – they worked in a traveling circus and had big plans to get to California.” 
She fiddled with her pen as the California teens on TV chatted at their favorite diner. “Well, thank you for your time, Gerry, and I’m sorry that I bothered you.”
He chuckled into the phone. “No, honey. You were no bother at all. Thank you for giving my family some peace. I hope you can do the same for yours.”
“Me, too. Good night, Gerry.”
“Night.” 
Sarah set the phone on the coffee table and stared into the ink swirls she had etched on the page. “You are quite the mystery man, aren’t you, Mr. Greene?”
She tossed the notebook beside her and dug into the journal with renewed determination.



“When the train had reached its stop in Colorado, I made my break. It was time for me to try my luck elsewhere.”
Chapter 32


People glared at Noah as he strode by them on Main Street in Sterling, Colorado. Mothers huddled their little ones close and the men wrinkled their noses. 
“Just another boxcar hobo,” some old timers muttered. 
“Dirty orphan bums,” others said as he shuffled past. 
Noah turned a corner and tucked himself away behind a trash dumpster. He held his forearm under his nostrils and took in a deep whiff. Whew! No wonder. I stick out around here like a sore thumb. He walked back out around the corner onto Main Street and farther into downtown. He stuffed his hands into the empty pockets of his coveralls. Paul and Neil had taken what money he had left after the incident with Jimmy assuming he had been in cahoots leaving him penniless. 
“Excuse me, mister,” he said, humbly approaching an old man in a shoe shining chair. “Would you have a dime you could spare?”
The furry bent gentleman scoffed and shooed him away with his cane. “I don’t have anything for you, sonny. Why don’t ya go find some work to earn some money?”
“I’ve tried, sir,” Noah said, “but I’ve been turned away at every place in town.” He set his hands over his narrow waistline. “Please, mister. I haven’t seen a bite to eat in three days.”
“I said I didn’t have anything,” the man said, twitching his bushy white brows. “Now, scat ya worthless bum.”
Noah scowled and scurried into an open-air market in the middle of the next block. Large wicker baskets of various fruits and vegetables did little to quiet his starvation. A petite elderly woman waddled up to the proprietor’s table and set her peaches and cucumbers next to the cash box. Noah watched as the woman sat her purse on a nearby barrel and turned to the table with her change purse. 
I know I shouldn’t, but I’ve got no other way. He snuck closer to the fluttering roll of dollar bills never taking his eyes from the prize. 
“How much for these?” the little woman asked. 
The owner of the stand jotted the prices onto his receipt book and drew a big circle with his pencil. “That’ll be twenty-seven --”
Noah swept the roll of bills from the corner of her purse, grabbed two apples, and ran down the alley as fast as his legs would carry him. 
“Hey! Get back here,” the owner shouted. “Police!”
Noah raced away from the blowing whistles onto the western side of town until his lungs burned. Once the local law gave up the chase, he eased back into his gait along an empty dirt road. The sun sank into a soft ginger sphere far off on the flat horizon. He shoved two of his apples into either back pocket and took a big bite out of the last. Its succulent juices held more sweetness than he could conjure into memory. 
Noah followed the lonely road westward long after the sun had set beyond the miniature farmhouses in the distance. What had been beautiful country to marvel at during daylight now sat in dark barren silence. He ambled along the side of the road under a moonless sky. Thousands of stars shimmered over him giving him little more than a point of reference. 
“I’m sorry,” he whimpered as he tossed the last of his apple cores into the adjacent field. “I didn’t have a choice.”
The voice of his mother rose up in his conscience. I know I raised you to be a better man than that, November Wetzel Greene.
“I was starvin’.”
That don’t matter, Noah. You should’ve just kept on starvin’ until you found some work.
Noah crumbled into a blubbering mass under the whispering boughs of a willow. The hunger, the loneliness, the dark – his young spirit shattered under the weight of it all. 
“You wouldn’t understand what it’s like to be cold, hungry, and alone in the middle of nowhere.”
He waited for his conscience to answer, but none came. Noah peered past his tears into the meadow on the other side of the road. 
“Sittin’ around bawlin’ about it won’t do me any good.” 
He wiped his nose on a short sleeve and forced himself to his feet. The image of his home back in West Virginia flooded his imagination bringing with it a warm smile. That lasting memory of the butterflies dancing in front of the family farm house gave him the nerve he needed to press onward. 
“Max and April are still countin’ on you, Noah.” He plucked the top of a weed from the ditch and stuck it in the corner of his mouth. 
He plodded down the desolate ribbon of gravel getting eaten alive by the mosquitoes. Noah had no idea of how far he had walked when the train whistle blew over the field to his left. Not that it mattered. 
“Hallelujah!”  Noah vaulted over the low-hanging barbed-wire and ran toward the blowing beacon of hope. 
Three fences and four fields later, Noah found the serpentine iron strips that acted as his second home. He looked down the line in both directions, and decided on trekking back into town. 
“Might be able to find a jungle outside the station where I can clean up and get a few bites in my belly.”
Noah strode toward the growing lights on the horizon, occasionally balancing himself on the rails for fun. A small flickering fire informed the young man that he had found his point of refuge. Noah trotted away from the line and into the shin-deep grass toward the hidden encampment. Five men sat around a healthy flame in a grove of sycamores when Noah arrived. One man played a lonesome hollow melody on his French harp while the camp’s buzzard got up to greet their newcomer. 
“Evenin’,” the leathery old gent said. “They call me Smilin’ Tom.” His face curled in his signature grin of two crusty yellow teeth. “How about you?”
“Noah.” He stuck a hand out to Smilin’ Tom. 
“Welcome to our camp, Noah.” The old buzzard limped back into the ring of hobos waving Noah to join him. “Come on in. You look like you’ve been travelin’ for quite some time, young feller.”
Noah stopped a few paces behind the harmonica man and stuffed his hands into his pockets. “That’s right.”
“Where’d you come from?” harmonica man asked, pushing his straw fedora back on his grimy head. “I’m Phil.” 
Noah shook Phil’s skeletal hand. “I started in Lost Creek, West Virginia.”
“Whew,” Phil said with a shake of his head. “That is a long haul.”
Smilin’ Tom’s brown eyes glanced down at Noah’s waist. “Looks like you could use some grub.”
“If you have any to spare, sure.”
Tom patted the empty log next to him. “Come have a seat. I’ll trade ya a meal for some news on what you’ve seen. Deal?”
Noah stepped over the log and pulled up a seat. “Deal.”
“Is it as bad back east?” Phil asked in between notes. 
“My folks lost their farm,” he said. “That’s how I came to be on the rails.” 
Phil shook his blond locks and blew into his hands. 
“Mighty fine mess we’re in,” Smilin’ Tom said, poking the embers with a long twig. 
One of the younger boys handed Noah a bowl of soup. Chunks of mangled fish floated in the broth with pieces of potato and carrots. He pulled a chunk of the meat out with his fingers and dug into its rubbery flesh. “Chicago, on the other hand, was in pretty good shape when I passed through.”
“No kiddin’?” Tom inquired. 
“They were gettin’ ready for a big fair up that way.” 
“How long ago was that?” Phil asked. 
Noah tossed some bones into the fire with a sizzle. “About a year ago.”
“Could be some good payin’ jobs up there by now,” one of the younger runaways said. 
Smilin’ Tom set a weathered hand on his knee. “How about the Midwest?”
Noah slurped the broth and wiped his face on his forearm. “People were startin’ to file outa there when I went through a few months ago.” He plucked a white mound of potato from the broth and dropped in his mouth. “Just came from Nebraska, and the storms there are doin’ folks in the worst.”
“We seen some of them down in New Mexico,” the young boy said, nodding to his two companions. “Dust storms there that swallowed whole towns.”
“Anybody know where I could find some work headin’ west?” Noah asked. 
A teenage girl scooted closer to the fire. The dying flames danced in her emerald stare. “You could probably find some decent work in the rodeo-stampede shows.”
“Oh, yeah?”
She nodded. “The Dawson-Rivers Stampede just pulled outa here last night bound for Boulder. If you catch a train tonight, you might be able to catch up to ‘em in time. Big line of Conestoga wagons and pickups – can’t miss ‘em.”
Noah gulped down the last of the broth in his bowl. “Sounds like some good work.”
“That’s where I’m goin’,” the girl said, twirling her red locks around a finger. “My man works as a rider in that show. I’m headin’ to Boulder to meet him.” She tossed a sheepish smile at him from beyond the lick of the fire. “You can tag along with us tonight, if you like.”
“I’d like that,” Noah said, setting his bowl on the log.
“We’re headin’ out just as soon as we’re done eatin’,” the boy said with a glare. “So, don’t get too cozy.”
“Fair enough.” 
Once the small band of teens had gathered their belongings, Noah rounded up his own and followed them back out along the rails toward the train station. 
“With it bein’ nighttime,” the boy said, “we should be able to jump the train before she rolls out.”
“Just be careful of the bulls,” the girl whispered as the neared the station. 
“I’ve already been taken in once by some of them back near St. Louis,” Noah said, kneeling beside her in the weeds. “It’s no fun.”
A big black steam engine puffed out a cloud of white smoke from under its girth. Train cars of different colors trailed off in a long line behind old Number Thirty-Two. 
“Looks like our ride,” the girl muttered, sneaking to the far shadows on the backside of the train. 
Noah crept with her and the others to the line of cars bound for various points west. He tucked behind a car wheel when other men’s voices materialized on the far line. 
“Keep a lookout for anything in those weeds over yonder,” one bull instructed. 
Noah tugged on the hemline of the girl’s dress to join him. He shushed her with a finger and pointed to the open car a short jog away. She nodded and bounced on the balls of her feet awaiting his signal to run. Once the bull’s cone of light passed his position, Noah sprung into a sprint for the empty rail car. 
“Hey,” the railroad inspector said, turning around, “I think I’ve got something over here!” 
Noah hopped up from his knees in the boxcar and slid behind a stack of crates. His female tagalong sank down beside him, gasping for every breath. 
“Let me go!” one of the other boys exclaimed outside. “I ain’t hurtin’ nobody.” 
The girl started to stand, but Noah grabbed her by a wrist and jerked her back down beside him. 
“Stay down, and don’t move,” he mouthed in silence. 
A cone of bright light swept across the crates in front of his face. The bull took cautious steps over the loose gravel as he swung his flashlight around the car’s interior. Beads of cold sweat streaked down Noah’s face as he tucked as much of his body as he could fit behind the wooden crate of cane sugar. Just keep walkin’. 
Chapter 33


She sat next to him as the train rolled down the line westward. The teen crossed her legs and leaned into the wall of the boxcar. 
“I’m Beth,” she said, studying him with her green eyes, “from Spokane, Washington.”
“Noah,” he said, tilting sideways into the crate. “Jane Lew, West Virginia. What brings you out travelin’?”
“Adventure, mostly.”
Noah scoffed as he pecked at the small splinters of wood on the crate. “You just up and ran away for adventure?”
“Guess so.” Beth closed her eyes and laughed. “And you?”
“I got tossed out on my rump when my folks couldn’t afford to keep me anymore.” He flicked a splinter across the car. “I didn’t get a choice in the matter. Why would you just run away?”
She sighed and stared into the ceiling. “Dunno. Tired of all of the rules. Tired of all of the rain. I wanted to get out and see the rest of the country.”
He couldn’t help staring at the hump in her belly. It drew his curiosity in like a mosquito to an anemic with a mortal wound. 
“I’m five months pregnant, Noah.”
“I figured that much,” he said. “Whose?”
“A bull rider in the Dawson-Rivers Stampede.” Smiling, Beth fell into a daydream. “We’re gonna make a great life together for our baby. I’ll introduce ya to him when we get there. Maybe he can help ya find some work.”
“I’d appreciate that.” Noah spun around and leaned back against the wooden boxes. “How far did you make it out here?”
Her eyes crept open searching his soul for its intentions. “Northern Utah. Must have been one big adventure for you.”
Thousands of still images flashed in his mind. “My best friend got stabbed to death and thrown from a train. It wasn’t all that fun.”
“I’m sorry,” Beth said, concealing her mouth behind a hand. “How can they get away with something like that?”
Noah sat in deep thought allowing the lull of the train car to rock him back and forth. “They’re always on the move, so there’s no real evidence. Who would miss a black kid traveling on the rails, right?” He massaged his forehead in his right hand. “Me for one.”
“What do ya say we lighten things up a little?” Beth asked after a respectful silence had passed. “Tell me some good memories of home, and I’ll share mine.”
He grabbed his small sack of belongings and tucked his makeshift pillow under his head. “I remember the smell of one of my momma’s fresh baked pies.” He closed his eyes and drew in a lungful of the phantom odor. “We could’ve been on the other side of the farm, but that smell would still find me.”
“I remember the smell of my dad,” Beth said. “His clothes, his cologne – how he used to tuck me in at night.”
Noah’s brows furrowed. “What did your pa do up in Spokane?”
She straightened out the hemline on her dress and brushed it clean. “He’s a doctor. We live in a nice neighborhood and all. I’m not complaining.”
“And you ran away from that?” 
“It must sound so strange to you,” she said, slouching down the wall onto a sack of ground sugar. 
“Sure does.” 
She yawned and curled up on the floor of the car. “We’re all running from something out here, Noah. People, poverty, the law.”
He shut his eyes and drifted into the hypnotic clack of the boxcars. “Suppose you’re right. I think I’m gonna get some shuteye.”
“Me, too.”


The train whistle’s call woke Noah from his stiff slumber on the boxcar’s floor. A crisp autumn breeze invaded the space as the train slowed down. 
“We’re gonna have to jump soon,” Beth said, stretching out on the floor. 
Noah snuck to the car’s doors and tilted his eyes out into the wind. “Looks like we’re about two or three miles from the station.”
Beth sprang to her feet and poked her red curls into the gusts next to him. “Once this thing slows a bit more, we go.”
Noah looked down at her belly and back to her inviting eyes. 
“I’ll be fine, Noah.” She rubbed the small of his back. “I’ve done this a dozen times already.”
Old Thirty-Two belched out another massive plume of smoke and sounded her warning for everyone to make way. When its wheels spun down to a crawl a few hundred yards from the station, Noah followed Beth leaping into the gravel. 
“We’ll find our way closer to town,” she said, creeping into the neighboring field. “Knowing them, the show’s being set up close to the outskirts.”
He followed Beth’s lead into the small town of Boulder. The folks here acted differently toward Noah, gazing on him with sorrow and pity rather than disgust and shame. 
“Quick,” she whispered, grabbing his right hand and resting it on her hip. “Snuggle up close and follow my lead.”
Beth slowed her gait as they passed a small diner with its owner leaning in the front doorway. “I really need to find something soon, honey. The baby’s getting mad in there.” She took his other hand and rubbed her bump. 
“Why don’t you two step in for a spell,” the clean-cut owner said, stepping to one side. “You’ve got a hungry look about you.”
“We’d be much obliged,” Noah said, helping his imposter spouse up the steps. 
Most of the small crowd in Milt’s Diner looked on them with empathy and compassion. One gentleman even moved to a corner, surrendering his stool to Noah’s expecting wife. 
“What’ll it be?” Milt asked, rounding the long bar to greet them on the other side. “Don’t worry,” he said before Noah could speak, “it’s on the house.”
Having finished his first decent meal in months, Noah escorted Beth back out onto the sidewalk.
“Hey,” a younger man in a black suit said, coming up behind them from the diner. “Where are you two headed? I can give you a lift.” He took off his fedora and extended it to a small coupe parked up the sidewalk. 
“Do you know if the Dawson-Rivers Stampede is in town yet?” Beth asked. “My man works with them.” 
The sharp-dressed businessman glanced to Noah and nodded. “Yeah. I think they’re setting up something on the northwestern side of town.” He unlocked the passenger side doors and swung them open. “Hop on in.”
After a short ride across Boulder, they found themselves standing next to a paddock of grazing horses. Several cowboys sat on the top rung of the fence chatting about which one had given them the worst buck. 
“He should be around here somewhere,” Beth said, studying the cowboys on the fence. 
One of the dark-haired men closest to them turned and hopped down to greet Beth. “Hey, girl! You made it.”
“Hi, George,” she said, giving him a warm hug. 
“Lookin’ for Cody?” he asked, eyeing Noah over her shoulder. 
She turned to him. “This is Noah. He’s looking for some work. I thought Cody and you boys might be able to help.”
George tipped the brim of his black hat at Noah and led them over to the bulls’ paddock. “He should be over here.”
The lean cowpoke meandered into a circle of colleagues and pointed back in the direction of Noah and Beth. Soon after, a short blond cattleman joined George in his walk back. 
Beth took off across the short grass in a joyous gallop. “Cody!” 
“Hey, baby,” he exclaimed, taking her off the ground in his arms. “Made it all right?”
She ceased her shower of kisses long enough to respond. “With the help of some friends.” 
Cody followed her glance to Noah. “I see that.”
She gripped her man by the hand and led him closer. “This is Noah, honey. He helped me get here.”
“Is that right?” Cody asked in an inquisitive tone. 
“He’s looking for some work,” Beth said, slapping Cody’s arm. “I told him you might be able to help.”
Cody stuck a hand out to Noah. “Thanks for seein’ her here safely.”
He took the cowboy’s calloused hand and shook it. “Sure thing.”
Beth’s man sized him up with his gray stare and then spat a line of tobacco out into the grass. “I reckon we can find somethin’ for ya to do around here.” He walked back toward the line of trucks and trailers motioning for Noah to follow. “I’ll introduce ya to Gus. He’s the stable foreman. We’ll see what he can do.”
A long line of jagged emerald foothills marched into the north under a ring of circling hawks. Beautiful country out this way. 
“Gus?” Cody called into the nearest trailer.
A short snow-haired man shambled down onto the ground. He squinted through a small pair of round spectacles that adorned his button nose. “Cody,” he said in a thick German accent. “Vaht can I do for you?”
“This here’s Noah,” Cody said, patting him on the shoulder. “He’s lookin’ for some work. I thought you might like to meet him.”
Gus bobbed his head and waddled to the horse paddock with Noah in tow. “I grew up around them, you know.”
Noah narrowed his perplexed stare. 
“Horses,” Gus clarified. “I’ve been around them my whole life.” He hoisted his left leg onto the lowest rung of the fence and leaned into it. “I used to breed Clydesdales back in Germany until the Kaiser came into power.” Gus shook his head as he watched his horses gallop around the ring. “That’s how I came to be in America. I refused to serve in his army.”
“Looks like you made the right decision,” Noah said with a smile. 
A vigorous chuckle bellowed from Gus’s rotund gut. “You got zat right. I might have room for a hard worker.” He looked Noah straight in the eyes. “Are you a hard worker?”
Noah returned the gaze. “Yup. I spent my whole life on a farm around animals, too. I know what hard work is.”
Gus slapped him on the back with a deep laugh. “I think you’ll do.”
Chapter 34


Cool autumn winds whistled down from the Rockies and bit at Noah’s neck. He sat in the bed of a Conestoga rambling toward Wyoming. A vibrant girl with shimmering black hair sat shotgun on the front bench with their driver. 
“Who’s she?” he asked Gus, tucking his small sack under his lower back. 
“Nora?” Gus chuckled from atop his crate of chuck wagon supplies. “She joined our show a few years ago. A very talented rider.”
“What does she do?”
The wizened old trainer shrugged. “She’s done barrel riding, jumps, and now she’s a feature stunt rider. I guess she’s done a little of everything.”
Nora allowed a blue eye to peek from behind her flowing onyx locks. Her beauty pierced Noah to the core. She flipped her hair over her shoulder revealing her radiant white smile before turning her attention back to the trail ahead. I’ve gotta find a way to get her off my mind before I get into trouble. He looked to his new boss on the crate. 
“What do we have to do to get a show up and going?”
“Well,” Gus said. “We have to wash the horses, clean out the animals’ stalls, and make sure all of the riding gear is accounted for.”
“Sounds a lot like what I did for the circus.”
Gus bent down and retied the loose strings on his right boot. “A typical show will last for two or three hours. After that, we will stick around to offer rides to the children and so forth before we close up for the night.” He sat upright and gazed out the opening in the back of the wagon. “The next day we get up and do the show again.”
“Whoa!” their driver exclaimed as the Conestoga slowed its roll. 
“What’s the matter?” Noah asked, pushing up against the side of the wagon with his heels. 
“Must be settling in for the night,” Gus said, pointing to the setting sun. 
Noah crawled to the end of the wagon and watched as the others ahead pull around into a huge ring in the shallow valley. 
“We do it to set up a fortification for protection,” Gus said. “Just like in your Wild West!” 
When the wagon train had come to rest for the night, Noah followed Gus to the last truck in the line. The old man handed him a small mallet and a stack of metal rods. 
“Come with me,” he instructed, hobbling out to a flat parcel of grass next to the ring. “We’ll set up our temporary paddock for the animals tonight.”
“You fellers getting’ hungry yet?” another gristly trail veteran asked as Noah strode past him. 
“What’s on the menu tonight, Cookie?” Gus asked, tossing his stack of rods into the weeds. 
Cookie rolled the canvas up on his chuck wagon and tied it off at either top corner. “Got some Dutch oven biscuits, a little ham, and there may be some pee-can pie in here someplace.”
Noah brought the dull end of his mallet down on a metal rod driving it into the tough prairie soil. “You’ll hear no complaints from me.”
“Sounds fantastic as usual,” Gus said, setting up his next iron rod. 
Cookie pulled his spice cabinet closer to the edge of the wagon’s gate. “You boys go on ahead there. I reckon it’ll take me as long to get supper cooked anyhow.”
A larger group of cowboys set to work stacking a pile of wood near the center of the ring. 
“After we’re done here,” Gus said, “we’ll have to go see Winston.”
Noah wiped the sweat from his forehead and hammered another stake home. In no time at all, he and Gus had the makeshift paddock completed. He led a chestnut mare into her lodgings for the evening with Gus right behind him with the mare’s painted sibling. 
Gus laughed at the sight of the two horses running after one another around the paddock. “They’re just as glad to be unhitched as we are.” He wiped the dirt from his palms on the legs of his trousers. “That’s that. Let’s go see Winston before dinner.”
He led Noah to a wagon at the front of the line and walked up to its lean, ebony manager. “Vinston,” Gus said, pointing to Noah, “This is our new arrival, Noah.” His worn eyes peered at Noah from behind his glasses. “Noah, this is our master at arms, Vinston.” 
“Pleasure,” Winston said, extending a hand. “Ever handled a gun before, Noah?”
He looked the tall man in his light brown eyes. “I’ve done my share of huntin’, I suppose.”
Winston held up an index finger and turned into the bed of his wagon. He came back with a stub-nosed pistol in hand. Winston spun the chamber of a small Remington revolver under the brim of his Stetson. “This here’s a standard thirty-eight. Six shots – medium rage.” He passed the gun to Noah. “Think you can handle it?”
The heavy weight of the cold steel took Noah by surprise. “Yup.”
Winston passed him a small box of shells and a belt holster. 
“What are we defending ourselves from?” Noah asked, tucking his weapon into a back pocket. 
Winston gestured to the hummocks in the distance. “Wolves, coyotes, and whatever else decides to get too close.”
Loud, high-pitched rings echoed around their camp. “Soup’s on!” Cookie announced from his chuck wagon. “Come and geddit!” 
 The large cluster of cowpokes keeping an eye on the bonfire at the camp’s heart whooped in jubilation. Within seconds, a long line of ravenous trail riders snaked around the perimeter of the ring. 
“You have to be quick around here,” Gus said, leading them into the line. “Call them anything you want just not late for supper.”
Having stuffed his gizzard with a heaping helping of stew and all of the trimmings, Noah waddled to the paddock where the apple of his eye rehearsed her act. He knelt into the fragrant weeds and picked out a post-dinner refreshment. He rolled the weed between his lips as he watched Nora go through her routine. She dropped from her standing position into the saddle on the black mare and slowed her to a lope toward Noah.
“You’re pretty good,” he said with a flirtatious grin. 
She leaped out of the saddle and strode up next to him. “You’re not too bad yourself.” 
Noah’s heart pounded in its cage. He held out his hand, but stammered to recall his name. “I-I’m, uh…”
“Nora,” she said with a bashful giggle. 
“Embarrassed,” he finally managed. 
“No need to be.”
“The name’s November Greene.” Her soft hand slid slowly from his grasp. “But most folks just call me Noah.”
Nora brushed her dark curls out of her face. “That’s a name I won’t soon forget.”
“Sorry to interrupt your practice,” he said, leaning on the top rung of the paddock. 
“We needed a break anyway.” Nora eased her back onto the fence against his elbow. “You’re new, aren’t you?”
He nodded and flicked his gnarled weed into the growing dusk. “Gus tells me you’ve been with the show for a while.”
“Yeah,” she said with a sigh. “I joined the show when my parents noticed that I had a knack for riding. They let me audition for this show and here I am.” She gazed out over the hills at the fading pink tufts that sailed just out of their reach. “What brings you here?”
“My folks came on some hard times and sent me out on my own.”
Her angelic eyes found his. “Mine, too.” Her smile melted into an awestruck mask. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked, turning is ear in the direction of the music. 
“Sounds like they’ve got the fire stoked and are getting ready to start the fun.” Nora took him by a hand and walked along the fence line to the paddock’s gate. “Care to dance?”
“Well,” he said, “if you’re gonna twist my arm.” 
She drug him out into the crowd of spinning couples. They danced to the lively Irish jig coming from the quartet next to the moonshine jug. Round and round he went -- song after song on a carousel of euphoria with this exuberant young woman. Noah couldn’t recall the last time he had felt this happy and carefree. What is it about you that does this to me?
Winston ran into the crowd swinging his long arms over his head frantically. “Get your guns! Get to the perimeter.”
The band ceased the jollities instantly and echoed the warning. Women banded together and made a mad dash for the wagon beds as a distant howl signaled their threat. 
“Coyotes!” Gus shouted, grabbing Noah by the arm. “Load your pistol and meet me out along the outside of the ring.” His thick hand shoved Noah in the back. “Go!”
Noah whipped the revolver from his back pocket and sprinted for his wagon. His young mind raced in a hundred different directions as his eyes scanned the bed for his ammo box. He pulled the gray rectangle box from under his sack and flicked the bullet chamber open. 
“Come on, come on.” 
Guttural growls invaded the paddock sending the mares into a frightful panic. The horses whinnied and galloped hard around the nearby pen. Several gunshots rang out making all of the women in the camp shriek.
“Damn!” Noah fumbled around the wagon bed with his hand feeling for the dropped bullet. 
Chapter 35


Collin pulled his car into an empty spot beside the restaurant. Sarah rubbed his hand on the gearshift as he pushed it into park and set the brake.
“Thanks again for bringing me up,” she said, unlocking her door. “I’m surprised I was able to get Uncle Max and Morty together on such short notice.”
“I’m surprised you were able to pull me away from my Nintendo,” Collin said, dodging her playful slap. 
Sarah waited for him on the sidewalk with her hands in her coat pockets. “Let’s get in there before they leave.”
Warm aromatic steam fogged the widows closest to the kitchen of the eatery. A small group of truckers and widowers sat hunched over their platters at the front bar. 
“How are you folks doin’ today?” a cheerful young hostess asked, striding up to meet them at her podium. 
“Fine,” Sarah said, unzipping her coat. 
“Two?” the hostess asked with a raised brow. 
Sarah shook her head. “We’re meeting two other gentlemen.”
The blonde greeter led them into the non-smoking section of the establishment. “Let’s have a look.” 
Sarah’s eyes lit up when she noticed a black Stetson floating above the sea of heads near the back of the section. “There they are.”
She slid past the hostess and strode over to their booth. 
“About time you showed up,” Morty said, rubbing his white beard. “I was beginin’ to wonder.”
“Don’t mind him,” Max said, taking a sip from his cup of coffee. “He’s already made two trips to the bar.”
Morty patted his portly waistline. “Salad’s good for ya.”
“Not by the bagful.”
Sarah giggled and slid into the empty bench across the table from the twins. She sat her jacket next to her on the seat and flipped through the menu that the hostess handed to her. 
“Your server will be with you shortly.”
Morty leaned back in his seat. “So, what brings us all together?”
Everyone’s stares turned to Sarah. 
“I got in touch with one of Jimmy’s nephews, Gerry Perkins.” She sat her glossy menu on the table. “We had a good talk about his uncle and Uncle Noah.”
“Oh?” Max said.
“Mmm hmm,” she replied with a nod. “He said he remembered some of the letters his grandpa share with him about Jimmy’s time in the traveling circus, but couldn’t recall much else.”
The twins exchanged a glance of concern. 
“That’s not why I asked you here, though,” she said, sipping her glass of water. “What do you two remember about a girl named Nora from the stampede Uncle Noah ran with?”
Max poked at his half-eaten plate of an open-faced sandwich. “April had talked about getting some information on a Nora in Oregon.”
“How did she get that?”
“Several years ago,” Max said, “she got a call from one of Nora’s kids. Told April that Noah was her dad, and he and Nora got divorced when she was seven or eight.” He reached into the pocket of his wool coat and came back with a worn, black address book. Max slid it across the table to Sarah. “After you told me you had big news on the phone, I figured it had something to do with one of Noah’s acquaintances.”
Sarah turned the small book to an earmarked page near the back. One entry had been scribbled onto it at the top. She studied the information trying to make the link. Nadine Schaeffer, Eugene, Oregon?
“April said she might be Noah and Nora’s daughter,” Max said, filling in her information gap. “She’ll probably know where her momma is these days.”
“I’ll bet you could track Noah from there,” Morty said, handing their waitress his empty platter. 
Sarah placed her order while she listened to Uncle Max.
“April took a guess that he was someplace out in Northern California, but she couldn’t find him when she went there.” 
She handed her menu to Collin and laced her fingers on the tabletop. “How have you two been getting along?”
“We’ve put the past behind us,” Max said with a smile, “and spent a lot of time reconnecting.”
“Yup,” his heftier twin said with a groan, “family’s way too important to let slip away on account of one thing or another.”
“Speaking of which,” Sarah said, digging into her chicken and veggies, “do either of you know much about what went on between Gram and mom?”
Morty cleared his throat and reached for his iced tea. 
“Even if we knew anything about that,” Max said, “it’s none of our business.”
Sarah emptied her lungs in defeat. 
“You might wanna talk to Emma about it,” Morty added. 
Their chipper waitress sauntered back to their booth and slid the bill onto the table. “Any room for desert?”
Max snatched up the bill before Sarah could maneuver her hand out. “I think we’re good to go.” He held the small leather bi-fold in front of his clean-shaven face. “My treat, kiddo.”
Her uncles escorted them out to the front of the restaurant. The occasional warm gust gave Sarah hope that spring sat in close waiting. 
“You’re gettin’ closer than any of us have been to finding our brother,” Morty said, zipping up his plaid jacket. 
“Just give me a holler if you find out any more,” Max said, unlocking the door to his pickup. 
“You bet,” she said. Sarah climbed into her side of Collin’s car and waved to her uncle on last time as he backed out of his parking spot. 
“Thanks for letting me tag along,” Collin said, starting the car. “I know you didn’t have to, and it meant a lot to me that you did.”
She smiled and brushed his cheek as he turned onto the merge ramp of I-79 South. “I should have let you in on this stuff sooner. I’m sorry I didn’t.”
“Meh,” he said, flipping on his blinker, “it’s family stuff. I can respect that.”
She peered out the windshield at the passing countryside and back to her man. Things are back on track. “Oh, crap!” she exclaimed. “Is that clock right?”
Collin glanced down at the digital display on the center console. “It may be a few minutes fast. Why?”
Sarah dropped her head onto the cold surface of the passenger side window. “I’ve gotta get home before mom finds out I’ve been gone.”
“Oh, right,” he said, speeding up past a big rig. “Still grounded.”
“Yeah,” she said, tapping the address book against her thigh. 
Collin guided his car off the interstate and onto Hacker’s Creek Road toward home. “You gonna call her?”
Sarah opened the book to Nadine’s information. “Dunno. It’s all so surreal.”
He pulled the car in along the sidewalk in front of her building. “You should at least give it a try.” Collin set the car into park. “What’s the worst thing she could do – hang up?”
Sarah chuckled and leaned in for a goodbye kiss. “Call me later?”
“Why don’t you call me?” He turned on one of his favorite rock CDs. “That way, I won’t be interrupting.”
“All right,” she said, circling around the front of his car. She rolled her fingers at him as he pulled away and then retired to her cozy abode. 
After settling back into her home, Sarah’s gaze returned to the small address book on the kitchen table. She pulled her mug of cocoa from the microwave and tried to calculate Pacific Standard Time. If it’s 6:30 here, then is it 4:30 or 3:30? She crumpled her empty cocoa mix pack and threw it into the trashcan. “Damn.” She took a seat at the table and picked up the phone. “Either way, it’s before dinner over there.” 
She dialed Nadine’s number and listened to the dull pulse of the rings. 
“Hello?” a mature female voice said. 
“Hi,” Sarah said, spinning her mug by its handle. “Is Nadine Schaeffer there?”
“Speaking,” Nadine said in a questioning tone. 
“My name’s Sarah Daniels --”
Nadine sighed into the line. “If this is another telemarketer --”
“No, no,” Sarah replied hurriedly. “I know you don’t recognize my name, but I’m sure you’ll know my great uncle – November Greene.”
Not so much as a breath found its way into the phone lines. 
“Your uncle?”
“My mother’s uncle actually,” Sarah said, sipping her cocoa. “Aunt April left me his journal when she died.”
“Oh, no,” Nadine gasped. “I had no idea. I talked to her a while ago about dad, but I never got word that she --”
“It’s all right.” Sarah swirled her tiny marshmallows in slow swirls with her teaspoon. “You can’t blame yourself.”
“So, you have his old journal?”
“Yeah,” Sarah said. “He disappeared from the family radar after he left as a boy and we’ve been tryin’ to organize a reunion.” 
“Oh, my God,” Nadine said through a hand. “I wish I knew where he was, honestly, but I haven’t seen my dad since I was around eight.”
Sarah snagged a pen lying on the other side of the table and a napkin. “Do you have any memories of your dad?” 
“I just remember images, mostly,” Nadine said. “I remember how he used to take me out in the front yard every fall to our walnut grove. We had this big front yard back then. We used to shake walnuts out of the trees and collect the ripe ones for mom.” She chortled into her end of the phone. “Mom would use them in her sweet potato pies.”
“Sounds delicious.”
“Oh, they would always make both our mouths water!” Nadine said. “And mom and her horses.”
“I read a little about that,” Sarah said, glancing to the journal on the coffee table. 
“Mom loved her horses,” Nadine said. Sarah didn’t have to see her face to know that she was smiling. “Dad had his thing for model trains.”
“Really?” Sarah scribbled the info onto her name brand napkin. 
“Absolutely. He used to let me play with them in our basement when I was a little older.”
“I guess that makes sense,” Sarah said.
“How so?”
“It looks like he rode the rails for a couple of years during the Depression,” Sarah replied. 
“That does explain his passion for trains, I guess.”
Sarah gulped down another mouthful of hot chocolate. “Do you think your mom would mind talking to me about Noah sometime?”
“Hmm.” Nadine dragged out the word in procrastination. “That may be a bit of a touchy subject for mom.”
“I understand,” Sarah said in a dejected tone. 
“But, I think that it would do her some good to get some things off her chest.” Nadine rummaged for something in Sarah’s ear. “Hold on a sec.” A couple of different drawers slid open and closed. “There it is. You have something to write with?”
“Uh huh.” Sarah jotted the numbers onto her napkin and read them back to Nadine. “Is that right?”
“That’s the one. I really hope you find dad. I’d love to see him again.”
“Thank you for your help, Nadine. I hope I can find him, too.”
Once the phone clicked out of existence, Sarah grabbed the address book in both hands and ran in place in her chair excitedly.  She just crossed the farthest benchmark in the search for November set long ago by her Aunt April. 
Chapter 36


“Another fine four course lunch,” Annie said, skipping beside Sarah. “Brought to you by your local lunch ladies.”
“You got four?” Collin asked from Sarah’s other side. “I need to get into your meal plan.”
“You’ve gotta talk to the right people,” Annie said with an exaggerated wink. 
“Trucker mafia?” he jabbed playfully. 
Annie echoed the question in a deep mocking tone. 
“Not now, you two.” Sarah pointed her free hand in the direction of a small crowd led by Chet Brown. 
“You may have won a bunch of medals in track,” Chet hissed, “but that still doesn’t make you an athlete.”
“Please,” Cherie pleaded from behind her attacker’s bulky frame, “just let me go.” 
“I’ll bet running comes naturally to you,” he said, “especially if you’re constantly running from the cops!” He slapped the shoulder of a crony to his right. 
“That was almost original,” Annie said, turning her back on the crowd at Sarah’s locker. “He’s such a thick-headed pig.”
The ring of Chet’s followers cackled at his mindless banter. Each time Cherie attempted to pass, they shoved her back into the hot seat. Sarah took her morning books out of her backpack and stuffed the afternoon ones in forcefully. 
“Where you think you’re off to, freak?” Chet growled, shoving Cherie into the lockers. 
Collin stormed into the fray before Sarah could stop him. “Enough is enough, Brown.”
The freckled bulldog of a kid spun in his high tops. “You gonna stop me?” Chet forced his meaty hands into Collin’s chest sending him sliding across the polished floor on his back. 
Sarah’s white knuckles wrenched the spine of her science textbook. “That’s it!” she growled. 
Chet had no clue as to what level of shit storm he had unleashed. Sarah marched into his face and shoved the linebacker a few paces backward. 
“Whoa-ho!” he bellowed, looking around at his posse. “What, is your little girlfriend gonna --”
The paper bag-covered text book connected with his plump nose sending a shower of crimson across the floor and nearby wall. Chet staggered into the lockers with a loud thud. Cherie giggled into her hands as she made her escape. 
“Little bitch,” Chet whimpered into bloody fingers. “You broke my nose!”
A tall, lean gentleman in charcoal slacks and blue tie waved Sarah to join him near the main office.
“Oh, shit,” Annie said. “Mr. Tanner.”
“I’ll deal with the VP,” Sarah said, picking up her things. “Just make sure Collin’s okay.”
Sarah strode toward the Vice Principal’s office with her head hung in shame. She had never been to the main office for anything other than supplies for her teachers. God, I hope they don’t call my mom over this. 
Tanner held his office door open with a hip and extended an open hand in invitation. “If you please, Ms. Daniels.”
She shuffled into his small office space and flopped into an old cloth chair. 
“You know why you’re sitting in my office, Ms. Daniels?” The words rolled past his Magnum P.I. moustache with a gritty southern twang. 
“Yes, Mr. Tanner.”
Liberty High’s second in command groaned into his desktop, twirling a chrome pen in his fingers. “While I don’t condone Chet’s behavior, I must remind you that aggressive acts of any sort will not be tolerated in my school.” Tanner sat the pen on the desk and eased into his chair. “As you are a model student with no negative marks on your record, I have little choice but to let you go – this time. Another incident like that, and I’ll have you suspended.” His stern gaze pierced her soul. “Do I make myself clear, Ms. Daniels?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Very well,” he said, rising from his seat. “Back to class with you, then.”
“Thank you, Mr. Tanner.”
She grabbed her belongings and hurried out to fifth period. A thick muscular arm slapped her in the gut, impeding her way. 
“This isn’t over,” Chet whispered, glaring at her. “Not by a long shot. You and your little negroid pup are gonna pay.”
Chapter 37


Noah followed Gus’s footsteps in the weeds around the darkened side of the wagon ring that faced away from the bonfire. A small group of cowboys scampered up the embankment in front of the paddock. They fired their pistols at a fleeing canine as it ran along the ridgeline. 
“Is everyone in here all right?” Gus asked, running to the tailgate of the wagon. 
One of the older women bobbed her head nervously. “A coyote tried to jump in here after us, but those boys gave chase.”
Gus turned to Noah with a worried look on his face. “We’d better go have a look at the horses.”
Noah trotted after his mentor to the paddock. All of their horses were accounted for, but galloped back and forth in a panic. 
Gus walked up to one of the chestnut studs and calmed him with soothing strokes along his neck. “Easy, big fella. They’re gone.”
Noah spotted Nora’s black mare and strode to meet her on the far side of the paddock. She reared up on her hind legs as he approached her space. 
“Oh, no,” Noah said, examining the neck of the mare. Large bloody gashes glistened under the pale Wyoming moon. “Gus?”
The old man got as close to running as his decrepit body would allow. “What is it?” His eyes expanded behind their corrective lenses. “Oh, God. I’ve gotta find Ollie. He’ll know what to do.” Gus shuffled to the entrance and turned his head. “You stay here with the horses and keep them safe. I’ll be back with the vet in a minute.”
Noah took his pistol out of his back pocket and flipped the chamber open. All six – still there. He snapped the barrel closed just as another gunshot rang out from beyond the hills. 
“Damn,” he said, groping through the damp grass for his dropped weapon. 
Someone ran across the grass in the paddock with him. Their sprinting footsteps halted next to Noah’s right elbow. He glanced up at the shapely bare legs and watched them scurry around to the injured mare. 
“Storm, no!” Nora exclaimed, stroking her horse’s side. “I’m so sorry, girl.”
His fumbling fingers grazed the cold hard steel of the gun’s short barrel. He reclaimed his pistol and rose to his feet. “Gus should be back with Ollie any second.”
“Over her, over here!” Gus shouted as he and another squat silhouette wobbled across the holding pen. 
Ollie pushed his light brown cowboy hat back on his head and studied Storm’s wounds carefully. Noah led Nora to the gates away from the commotion. 
“We should let him do his job,” Noah said, rubbing her back. 
Her black locks hung around her mournful face. Nora collapsed onto the top rung of the fence and bawled into her arms. He brushed the soaked strands of hair from her cheek and wipe back her tears. 
“I don’t think they’re gonna put her down just because of a few scrapes.”
She peered at him though her welling eyes. “What if she gets rabies? She’s the only friend I’ve got.”
Noah propped his chin on his arms beside her. “I wouldn’t say that.” He nudged her elbow with his own. 
“You know what I mean,” she said, wiping back a sniffle with the heel of her hand. “When I first got here, Stormy was the only one that would listen to me most of the time.” Nora turned to him and leaned on her side. “She’s the only horse I’ve ever done a show with.”
“I understand that,” Noah said. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves.” 
A brawny, seasoned cowboy and a petite lady sprinted past them toward Gus and Ollie. The smaller woman’s brown curls swung in their wake. 
“Chuck and Marti,” Nora said with concern. “Let’s go.”
The young couple raced over to join the stampede owners and the band of people that had gathered at Storm’s side. 
“How does she look, doc?” Chuck asked as he strode around the mare. 
Ollie crossed his tattooed arms over his chest. “The lesions on her hind quarter aren’t bad. The ones on her neck are pretty deep.”
“Can she perform?” Chuck asked.
 “She’ll be all right for the Cheyenne show, but I’ll have to watch her closely.”
“Do we have the supplies for her?” Marti asked, flipping her tight curls off her shoulder. 
“I have some ointment left,” Ollie said, “but I’ll need to make a trip into town as soon as we get there.”
“Whatever you need,” Chuck said with a bob of his brim, “you just say the word.”
Ollie grabbed his small leather satchel and walked toward the wagons. “I’ll go get some salve for the wounds. When we get there, I’ll take Gus with me to round up what I’ll need.”
Nora breathed a huge sigh of relief as he led her back to her wagon. She rested her head on Noah’s shoulder as they sauntered around the ring of wagons. She held her hands to his chest when they reached her sleeping quarters. 
“Thank you for everything, Noah.” 
The warmth of her hands slid down his forearms and clenched his palms. Before he could respond, Nora pressed her lips over his. The aroma of bee pollen intermingled with the scent of fresh grass in her hair. 
Nora pulled away from their embrace and set her hand over his heart. “Have a good night.”
“Y-You, too.” He strode back around the ring of Conestogas – his spirit soaring high above the dancing sparks of the bonfire. 
When he arrived at his wagon, Noah’s foreman sat waiting on its gate. 
“The next show is gonna be a big one for you,” Gus said. “I’ll be in town with Ollie. So, you’ll have to get the animals ready on your own.” 
Noah hopped into the wagon beside Gus and slid his shoes off. 
“Think you can handle it?”
Noah’s red curls bobbed. Even if I’m not ready, he doesn’t need to know about it. Noah lay down on his bedroll and set his head on his sack. “I’ll be ready, Gus.”
Noah’s mind kept him up most of the night trying to remember every detail that Gus had taught him about tending to each animal. Runnin’ my own show? This could only go one of two ways. 
“I hope it’s the better of the two,” he whispered into his cupped hands. 
Chapter 38


Noah eyed the soft emerald undulations of the prairie as his wagon rattled past. The city of Cheyenne welcomed them warmly and with open arms. 
“This is where we earn our bread and butter,” Gus said, taking cautious steps to the open end of the wagon. “Cowboy country!” 
Their Conestoga rumbled past waving townsfolk and clapping children to the western side of the city. Once the wagon train had settled in, Gus rushed to Ollie’s side leaving Noah to fend for himself. He made introduction with the stadium hands who gave him a truncated tour of the stables, paddocks, and the main ring. Nora sat in the bed of a truck in her show outfit upon his return to the animal trailers. 
“There you are,” she said, swinging her pale legs back and forth on the tailgate. “I figured you had gone into town with Gus.”
“Nah,” he said. “They left me behind to take care of the animals.”
Nora hopped down from the truck and strolled to meet him. She leaned into the trailer in front of Noah and smiled. “I hope I wasn’t too forward with you last night.”
He laughed and crossed his arms. “No such thing.” 
“I wasn’t very ladylike.” She kicked a tire with her white boot. 
Noah shooed a horsefly from his hair and inched closer to her. “You’ll always be a lady to me.”
Nora closed the distance between them and clasped her hands behind his back. “No matter what?”
“Yup.”
Her supple lips pressed hard against his, relinquishing the raw passion that boiled beneath. Nora panted in his ear as Noah’s hands found their way under the ruffles of her skirt. He pinned her against the side of the trailer running his nimble fingers into her body. She wrapped both legs around his waist and yanked the tails of his undershirt free. 
“What if someone sees?” she asked, nibbling on his ear lobe. 
“I’m the only one workin’ back here today,” he said, fumbling with the buttons on his fly.”
“In that case,” she said with a moan. 
Noah slid her panties to one side and penetrated her body. Nora’s warm embrace spun his elated mind in dizzying circles. He cupped her buttocks in both hands as her boot heels dug into the small of his back. In a few minutes, their penned up passion and hormonal angst had been quenched. 
“Do my ruffles look straight?” she asked, spinning in a circle. 
He shrugged and sat on the tire well of the trailer. 
“Typical man.” Nora walked in between his legs and sat her white cowgirl hat on his head. “Me and some of the other girls are goin’ into town to pass out some fliers. You wanna tag along?”
“Can’t.” Noah patted her fanny and looked into her blue eyes. 
“The show,” she groaned. “Right.” Nora snagged her hat off his head and pecked him on the lips. “Catch up with me after the show?”
“If you like.”
Nora picked up a small pebble and hit him in the shin with it. “You’d better.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he said, forcing his shaky body to move. 
Noah unlocked the gate of the trailer and led the first mare down into the arena’s paddock. The air up here invigorated his spirits and gave him the first sense of home that he had felt in a long time. He strode into the trailer to retrieve the next horse, but the stud refused to budge. Noah jerked on the leather straps, tugging the horse’s head to one side. 
“Everything goin’ all right back here?” Cody said, tossing a boot onto the loading ramp. 
“Hey, Cody!” Noah took the cowboy by the hand. “A little rough at the moment.” He tugged on the reins of the stubborn animal once more with no success. “This one doesn’t wanna come along nicely.”
Cody lifted his hat up and ran his fingers through his damp blond locks. He studied the stallion with his keen grey stare. “Lemmie have a go.”
Noah set the reins in his hand and stepped back. Cody strode to the horse’s head and rubbed his muzzle with gentle strokes. The cowboy slowly worked his way down the left side of the chestnut horse ending his session with a pat on the hind quarter.
“C’mon, boy,” Cody commanded with a ginger tug of the straps. 
The horse grunted and loped behind him down the ramp and into the midmorning sun. 
“You’ve gotta earn their trust, Noah.” He held the reins out. “You try it.”
Noah gripped the reins and rubbed the animal’s muzzle. 
“That’s it,” Cody instructed. “Nice and easy. He can sense your fear.”
Noah stared into the big dark eyes of the horse and relaxed. The horse whinnied and nodded his head in approval. 
“See there?” Cody slapped his gloves on the side of his jeans. “He’s takin’ to ya.”
Noah tugged on the worn straps and the horse trailed after him down the gentle slope toward the paddock. 
“Once you’ve got their trust,” Cody said, “they’ll follow you anywhere.” 
Noah caught the flicker of a wave out of the corner of his eye. 
“I’ve gotta be gettin’ on to practice,” Cody said.
“Thanks for your help.” He stalled the horse suddenly. “Wait! I forgot to ask ya how Beth’s been holdin’ up.”
Cody shrugged. “She’s been gettin’ sick most mornings. One minute she wants something, and the next she’s gagging at the mere sight of it.” He spat a line of tobacco juice into the grass. “I can’t make heads or tails of it. She’ll be out in the crowd tonight. Is this your first one alone?”
Noah bobbed his head and winced. “I’m not so sure how this one’s gonna go.”
“Don’t worry,” the cowboy said. “You’ll be fine. Old Gus in one of the best there is. If you’ve even been halfway payin’ attention to him, you’ll do great.” 



The last sliver of the setting sun teased the prairie in the distance. A massive throng of spectators filed into the seats of the arena ready for a great night of thrills, spills, and showmanship. Chuck Dawson walked to the center of the arena and waved to the settling crowd. 
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Dawson-Rivers Rodeo Stampede!”
The locals clapped and cheered. 
“Thank you for having us in your charming town,” Chuck said. “Tonight we’ll entertain you with many of the same events and customs that were prominent in the Wild West!” 
Cody straddled a massive painted bull in the chute to Chuck’s left. A pair of handlers helped Cody secure his hand under the bull rope much to the disagreement of the animal. 
“Without further ado,” Chuck said, extending a hand toward Cody’s chute, “we’ll get this show goin’ with our first bull rider, Cody! He’ll be on one of our toughest steers named Tennessee Tornado. Enjoy the show!”
Once Chuck had climbed into the first row of the stands, the bull handlers turned the pair loose on the arena floor. Noah watched from where he stood along the fence and to the left of the main chute. 
“C’mon, Cody!” he heard Beth shout from the nearby seats. 
Tennessee sprang off his huge front legs and bucked Cody for all he was worth. The cowboy’s torso flung forward and aft on the animal like a ragdoll in a windstorm. The angry bull sprinted across the center of the ring, flinging long ribbons of mucus with every shake of his head. 
“Hang in there,” Noah said, thumping his fist on the top rung of the fence. 
Tennessee kicked his hind legs into the air and spun in circles, bound and determined to jar his nuisance free. The crowd gasped as Cody’s body slid to the right and down the side of Tennessee’s back. A final mighty whip from the stubborn steer flung Cody into the air. His shoulder dug into the dirt and clay as the horn sounded. 
“Whoo!” Beth exclaimed, jumping up and down. “That’s my man.”
One of the pickup men led his horse over to Cody and pulled him away from the spinning bull to safety. Cody nodded to the rider and lifted his hat to the applauding crowd. 
“That was somethin’ else,” Noah said as Cody beat the red dirt from his clothes. 
Cody raised a shoulder. “It wasn’t one of my best runs, but he’s a mean critter.”
The two watched the rest of the show together. Cody explained how they judged each of the events to Noah as they occurred. After bull riding, horse riding, and the barrel races had been finished, Nora galloped into the center of the arena on Storm. She spun her black mare and waved to the crowd on all sides amidst their thunderous applause. 
“You and Nora have been gettin’ pretty cozy,” Cody said, jabbing his elbow into Noah’s side. 
“You could say that.” 
She spurred Storm and the mare sped off across the arena at a full gallop. The youthful dark-haired beauty grabbed a white lasso in her right hand and climbed into the saddle on her feet. She leaned back extending the reins to their limits drawing another wave of cheers from the appreciative crowd. 
“She’s good,” Noah said with a nod. 
“Ain’t seen nothing yet,” Cody replied. 
Nora unfurled her length of rope and spun it to the side of her thundering mare. Each time she jumped through the ring in her lasso, the audience ‘oohed’ and flinched. She snapped the rope up into her hand and waved it at her adoring crowd. An overly rambunctious border collie darted to the fence and made his presence known. Storm stuttered to Noah’s left as her rider brought the mare around for another pass. 
Nora flicked the reins urging Storm into a gallop across the heart of the ring once again. She spun her lasso over her head and lowered its whipping orbit down her torso. The arena erupted in cheers as Nora sped toward Noah’s position near the chute. The collie hopped back and forth with his muzzle dug under the lowest rung in the fence. As Nora rounded the corner nearest to Noah, she spun her rope down around her boots. The collie pounced and barked under the fence sending Storm rearing up on her hind legs. Nora’s rope caught her left ankle and the buck of her mare flung her high above the ground. 
“Oh, God!” Cody exclaimed as her body hit the dirt sending up a huge cloud of red dust. 
Noah sprung over the fence and raced to his companion’s side. “No!” 
Nora lay sprawled on her back with her eyes closed. A small trickle of blood crawled down from her right nostril and along her upper lip. 
“Nora?” Noah said, sliding in the dirt next to her chest. He slid his hand under her head and pecked her on the lips. “Please, be okay.” Something warm and sticky greased his hidden fingers in her hair. He slowly lifted Nora’s head to find a half-buried bloody stone underneath. “Doc! We need a doctor over here!”
Chapter 39


“Easy, easy!” Ollie instructed as he supported Nora’s head and shoulders in his arms. 
Noah had one hand under her back and the other hooked under her right kneecap. Cody mirrored his posture on the opposite side of their wounded friend as they carted her out of the arena. 
“Over here!” a man exclaimed to Noah’s right. “Set her down gently in the grass.”
The three rescuers did as instructed and let the doctor get to work. Noah hovered over his girl like an impatient parent. 
“Is she gonna be all right?” he asked, wringing his hands. 
The middle-aged physician studied the beaten rider with his eyes and instruments. He pressed on different areas of her head, chest and legs before rising to his full six-foot stature. “Well, she’s got a concussion, a good cut on her head, and her leg’s bruised up pretty bad, but she’s gonna pull through.”
Nora groaned and squinted at the small swarm of people around her. “What happened?” She tried to prop herself on her elbows, but they collapsed underneath her. 
“Easy,” Noah said, resting a hand on her stomach. 
“You had quite a fall,” the doc said. “Just stay put for a while until we can get you something to drink. 
Cody took the cue with a nod and sprang into action. 
“A dog spooked your horse,” Noah explained. “Storm tossed you for a loop.” 
The prettier co-owner of the stampede rushed in to Nora’s side. “Is she gonna be all right?” Marti asked out of breath. 
The doc scratched the wavy swath of black hairs on his scalp. “She’s gonna need plenty of rest and nourishment for a while.” He tapped the dimple in his chin with an index finger. “I’d say it’ll be at least a week or two before she’ll be able to get back in the saddle again.” 
“What?” Nora protested. “Two weeks?”
“I’m afraid so,” the doctor said with a frown. 
“That’s like tellin’ me not to breathe!” 
Marti rubbed her arm in consoling strokes. “You’ll have to do what the doctor says, honey. He knows what’s best for you.” 
Nora turned her defeated face away in discontent. “We’ll be in Reno by then. I can’t go that long without riding Storm.”
 Cody returned and handed a cup of water down to Noah. 
“Maybe it’s not as bad as they say,” Noah said, tilting the cup to her lips. “Just rest for a little while and see how you feel.”
She groaned and closed her moistened eyes. 
“I think it’s best,” Marti said, “that you rest until we get to Salt Lake City. That’ll be a week on the road with no shows in between.” She stood up next to the doc and sat her hands on her hips. “We’ll take another look at you then to see if you can perform in that show. Okay?”
Nora turned her head over and nodded. “If you say so.”
Gus hobbled into the ring of onlookers shoving them aside as he came. “One side, please!” 
Marti spun on her boot heels to face the troubled foreman. “What on earth is the matter, Gus?”
“We have a much bigger problem that this, I’m afraid.”
“What’s that?” Marti asked, cocking one hip out to the side. 
Gus held up a hand while he caught his breath. “Ollie noticed it a little while back, but he wanted to wait a bit to be certain.”
“Certain of what?” Nora asked in a vexed tone. 
During your accident,” Gus said, searching for the correct words in English, “when Storm reared up – Ollie saw it for sure.”
The gathered crowed hung on his words in awestruck silence. 
“Storm is going to give birth,” Gus said, smiling, “and soon!” 
Chapter 40


“Sarah?” Karla called from her end of their apartment. “Where are you, honey?”
Sarah grabbed the black address book and shoved it under her pillow as her mom burst into her room. 
“Hey,” her mom said, wearing a disquieted expression. “Everything all right?”
“Sure,” Sarah said quickly. “Fine. Why?”
“I’m gettin’ ready to head out for my shift,” Karla said, “and I was gonna tell you to just go to T&L for some dinner tonight.” 
“No problem.” Sarah scooted up her bed toward her pillow and squashed her hands between her knees. 
Karla looked her up and down one more time before turning for the front door. “Okay. I’ll be home tomorrow morning.” 
Sarah’s bedroom door gently closed, and minutes later the front door followed suit. She fell back into her pillow and closed her eyes. That was too close. Her mom almost always left at a quart to four. If she played it right, Sarah could be done with dinner and chores, and back home before eight. 
T&L sat empty when she arrived through its glass front door. Sarah unzipped her coat and took up her usual stool next to the no-baked cookie display. 
“Well, hey there, stranger!” Josie waddled from the far end of the counter and patted Sarah’s hands lightly. “It’s so good to see you.”
“You, too,” she said, smiling. 
“I was beginnin’ to think we weren’t ever gonna see you in here again.”
Sarah sat her coat on the empty stool next to her and got cozy. “Not even an earthquake could keep me away.”
Josie tilted her mushroom hairdo into the doorway of the kitchen and muttered Sarah’s order to the cook. Sarah took a quick count of the remaining cookies in the display. Should be another profitable week. 
“So,” Josie said, slouching on the countertop in Sarah’s direction, “how’s every little thing been goin’?” 
“I got the phone number for Uncle Noah’s ex-wife the other day.”
Josie sat a glass of soda in front of her and slapped the counter. “Well, that’s great! Sounds like you should make that call.”
Sarah drew a mouthful of her drink up the clear straw and swallowed. “It’s long distance.”
“You said you already called St. Louis, Missouri, right?”
Sarah winced at that memory and dropped her head into her hands. “Oh, right.”
Josie slung her dish rag over the small door to her side of the counter. “Well, callin’ California ain’t gonna change that.” She sat her freckled hand on Sarah’s right bicep. “If you’re gonna get in trouble for it, you might as well make it worth your time.”
Josie sat a basket of chilidogs and fries in front of Sarah and leaned on an elbow. Sarah dug into her favorite meal and found her second wind. 
“I’ve been doin’ some diggin’ on my own family, too.”
Josie perked an eyebrow over the rims of her glasses. 
“I found out that my birth father is still alive, and that my mom has been feeding me a bunch of lies.” Sarah buried her face into her meal awaiting the lashing from her guardian angel. None came. “I have a hunch that something went on between her and Gram a long time ago, but I don’t know how to go about asking Gram about it.”
Josie took her empty baskets and glass, and carted them away. “Sounds like you two would do each other some good to me.”
“I suppose,” Sarah said, sliding back into her coat. 
Josie licked her thumb and counted out four twenties on the counter to Sarah. “There ya go, kiddo. Might need another round before too long.” She nodded toward the cookie container. 
Sarah smiled and slid her take on the no-bakes into her front pocket. “I can bring down another batch in a couple of days.” 
“Good as always,” Josie said with a nod. “Ole Ed wouldn’t know what to do if he didn’t have his daily fix.” She shut one eye and tapped Sarah’s hand with the eraser end of her pencil. “You ever think about branchin’ out and bakin’ other treats?”
“It’s crossed my mind,” Sarah said, zipping her coat. “Maybe when I have more time. Right now, I’d better get back and do my chores.”
“Always a pleasure!” Josie exclaimed as she turned to roll the trashcan to the back door. “Good night.”
Sarah tossed the basket of clean laundry onto the floor next to the couch. Once she had gotten comfortable, she got the address book from under her pillow and grabbed the phone. She punched the ten digits into the receiver and waited. 
“Hello?” a weak elderly voice asked. 
“Hi,” Sarah said. “Is Nora available?”
“Speaking, honey. Who is this?”
Sarah folded a pair of her socks and hugged the phone against her right shoulder. “My name is Sarah Daniels, ma’am. My great uncle is November Greene.”
“I’m not sure I have time --”
“Wait!” Sarah snapped. “Please. Your daughter, Nadine, gave me your number and suggested that I talk to you about Uncle Noah. I want to get him and his siblings back together.”
The old woman’s surrender blew into the phone lines. “I know. She said you might call me.”
“I’m trying to locate my uncle to plan the reunion.”
“I was married to him for nine years, honey,” Nora said in a crackling voice. 
“He mentioned you a lot in his journal.”
“Did he now?” 
“Yes, ma’am.” Sarah plucked a pair of her undies from the basket and folded them in her lap.
“Noah and I got to the point where we could afford our own place back then, and we settled down out here in Oregon.” 
“The place with the walnut trees?”
Nora chuckled. “Yes. We harvested them back then and made a pretty good living at it.”
Sarah stacked her clothes into neat piles on the couch next to her. “What happened? From what Nadine told me, it sounds like you guys had a great life.”
Nora huffed a sing-song sigh into the phone. “We did, but his heart belonged to another long before he ever met me.”
“Who?” Sarah asked, folding a pair of her mom’s jeans. 
“Not a who,” Nora said. “A what?”
“Huh?”
“One summer,” Nora said, “he says that he has to get back on the railroad. He said he had to get back east to keep a promise he’d made.” Nora struck a lighter on her side of the conversation. “Said he didn’t know when he’d be back.” 
Sarah detected a wet sniffle from his soulmate. 
“He called me once,” Nora said, “a couple of years later to tell me that he was still alive. He loved me and Nadine,” she sniffled, “but he had something that he needed to finish.” The old gal’s strength snapped. “I just couldn’t go through life like that. He just checked out of our lives all at once and never came back.”
“Have you heard from him since?” Sarah asked, setting her neat piles of clothes back into the basket. 
“Not really,” Nora said, regaining her composure. “He called once in 1988 around Nadine’s birthday.”
“Where was he then?”
“Said that he had a little place in Northern California, and was running a little model train store.”
Sarah held back a giggle. “Your daughter told me that he had always had a thing for his model trains.”
“Oh, yes!” Nora said. “He had several when we were still together.”
Sarah got up and toted the basket in onto her bed. “Well, I don’t wanna take up any more of your time, Nora.”
“It’s no bother, honey.”
“Thank you for your time and help, Nora.”
“I hope you get to talk to your uncle,” Nora said. “He’s a wonderful man.”
Sarah heard the line go to a dial tone and turned off her phone. She scampered into the kitchen table, grabbed a scrap of paper, and brought the phone back to life. She pressed zero and sat patiently in her chair. 
“Operator. How may I assist you?” a woman asked in a very business-like tone. 
“I’m looking for the number to a model train store in Northern California under the name or ownership of Noah Greene.”
“Ma’am,” the operator said, “there are three dozen train stores in that area. Can please be a little more specific?”
“Sorry,” Sarah said, twirling her pencil. “Anything that you have that’s close would be a big help.”
A keyboard clacked in Sarah’s ear. “Let’s see. I have nothing with the name Noah Greene involved. I have a New Era Trains in Anderson, California, Norton’s Comics in Fortuna, and a November’s Railroad Collectibles in Redding.”
“Of course!” Sarah shouted. “I’m so dumb.” Her hands shook as she tried to hold her paper in place. “The one in Redding, please.”
She wrote down the number in big clear numbers and underlined it three times. “Thank you for your help.”
“Good evening, ma’am,” the operator said before hanging up. 
Adrenaline pumped through Sarah’s body sending her into overdrive. “This is it!” She sprung from her chair and pirouetted through her kitchen in a jubilant waltz with her phone. “It’s him. It’s gotta be!” She stopped herself at the sink and froze in terror. “Oh, man. What am I gonna say? I don’t want to scare him off.”
Chapter 41


“Wow,” Sarah said, fanning her face with her hands. “This is big – I mean really huge!” 
She filled a glass up with water and took the phone to the couch. The oblong triangle of notebook paper trembled in her left hand as she studied the number. “It’s him. I’m gonna talk to Uncle Noah.”
Sarah slowly dialed the phone number, triple-checking each one as she punched it into the receiver. After the final number, she held the phone to her ear and listened. 
“November’s Railroad Collectibles,” a male voice announced, “how may I help you?”
“Is Noah Greene there?”
“Mr. Greene isn’t available at the moment,” the aristocratic man said. “May I leave him a message for you?”
Sarah’s balloon of dreams deflated a little. “Is there a better time to try and reach him?”
“You might be able to reach him on Friday evenings,” the man said. “Saturdays are his convention days, and with his health and all.”
“His health?” she asked in a worried tone. “I’m a family friend.”
“Oh,” he said. “Between you and me, dear, it’s getting worse.”
“What’s wrong with him?”
“That’s something you’ll have to talk to Mr. Greene about.”
Sarah thumped the cushion with a clenched fist. “Is there as specific time that I should try to call him?”
The man’s tone turned feminine as he sighed. “Well, usually between five and eight in the evenings are good.”
“That would be eight and eleven here, I guess.”
“Ah,” he said. “East coast? That’s a long way to come for a model train.”
“I’m just wanting to speak with him,” she said, taking note of her window of opportunity. “Well, thank you for your time.”
“Talk to you soon.”
“Bye.”
Sarah flipped the phone onto the neighboring cushion and flopped back in defeat. “It’s always gotta be hard, doesn’t it?” She rolled her stare to the ceiling. 
She grabbed her pepperoni roll from the fridge and nuked it in the microwave. It could never compare to the likes of a T&L hotdog, but it was a very close second in her book. Sarah ran through the channels on the tube until she conceded to another episode of Jeopardy. She glanced at the phone setting on the coffee table in front of her feet. 
“She’s probably not even home right now.”
There’s a chance that she is.
Sarah grumbled and picked up the phone. Once she had looked up the number for her Gram in the phone book, Sarah plopped back onto the couch and dialed. 
“Hello?”
“Hey, Gram,” she said. “It’s me, Sarah.”
“Oh, hello, honey.” Gram’s tone spun on a dime. “Is everything all right, dear?”
“Fine, Gram.” Sarah flipped the channel to a more palatable sitcom. “I just wanted to see if you would mind helping me with something.”
“Well – I suppose I could, dear.”
“I’ve been reading Uncle Noah’s journal, and I’m gonna talk to him the day after tomorrow, Gram.”
“Really?” Sarah had never heard her grandmother this excited before. “You’re not kidding, are you?”
“Nope.”
“Is it really him?”
Sarah glanced up at a big bug as it battered its body against her front window. “I think so. I’ll find out Friday.”
“Oh, praise the Lord!” 
“L-Listen, Gram,” she wedged between the old woman’s sobs. “I don’t wanna get anyone’s hopes up just yet. I actually wanted to talk to you about something else.”
Emma took a few cleansing breaths and settled down. “I’m sorry. Whew. Okay, I’m ready.”
“I met my birth father, Albert.”
Gram’s voice buckled under the mere mention of that closet skeleton. “O-Oh?”
“Yeah,” Sarah said, “and he told me that something happened between you and mom back then.”
“He did – did he?”
Beads of sweat formed on the palms of Sarah’s hands. “Can you tell me about it, Gram?”
“Well,” Gram cleared her throat, “it won’t be easy for you to hear.” 
“I’m a big girl.”
“Your mother has always had a bit of a temper in her, ya know.”
“Yeah.” She cradled the receiver on her shoulder and wiped her palm on her jeans. 
“There was a time when she was pregnant with you that her temper really went off on me.”
“Over what?”
Gram sighed into her end of the phone line. “I can’t really even remember what started it all, baby. One thing escalated to the other, and Karla shoved me into the corner of my kitchen.”
“What?” Pushing Sarah was one thing, but her Gram? 
“A chair came flyin’ at my head and fell in a dozen pieces on the floor.” Emma’s voice quaked once again. “She took all the money I had in my pocketbook and left. We didn’t talk for the longest time. Still don’t, really.”
That straw broke the camel’s back. “Gram,” Sarah said, “I’m so sorry.”
“You didn’t know, honey.” Gram blew her nose away from the phone. “We’ve talked a little since then, of course. Neither of us has really moved past it, though.”
“I didn’t mean to upset you.” Sarah felt like she could fall into the tiny crack between the cushions. 
“No,” Gram said sternly. “I’m the one who’s sorry, kiddo. I should have done something about her temper before you came along.”
Flying dinner plates flashed into her vivid imagination. 
“She needs help, honey,” Gram said. “I mean real professional help.”
“I know.” Sarah sprawled out across the length of the couch. “How do we get her to see that?”
“That’s been my fight all of these years, honey. You can’t force your horse to drink.”
Sarah sighed. “Lemmie see if I can work on something.”
“Good luck, sweetie.”
After she finished talking to Gram, Sarah cracked the journal’s spine again. 
“I’m gonna talk to you in a few days,” she said to the book, “and I can’t just leave you hangin’.”
She turned through the pages to her T&L bookmark, and engaged the teenage Noah where she had left him.
Chapter 42


“Gus!” Ollie shouted with his hands elbow deep into the mare. “Get over here and get ready to pull when I say.”
Noah shuffled to the back corner of the stall using his arm to shield the stench from his nose. Storm lay on her side in the stall and whinnied in unmistakable pain from the contractions. 
“Noah,” Gus said, turning to him. “Go and fetch us a fresh pail of water.”
Noah gladly grabbed the pail’s handle and rushed out of the stall and into the fresh air. He raced across the shallow fields of grass to the trough and dunked the metal bucket under. 
“How’s she doing?” Nora asked, jogging up beside him. 
“Gettin’ close.” Noah let the full pail hang at his side. “She ain’t gonna be ready for the Reno show tomorrow for sure.”
Nora turned her saddened eyes to the starry skies. 
“Good news is,” Noah said, “Marti says you can set with Storm and the baby during the show. Her and Chuck plan to open a viewing area for our newest addition, and you get to talk to folks and their kids about the horses, their babies, ridin’, and such.”
“Noah!” Gus yelled from the distant stall. “That water!” 
Noah rubbed her shoulder and pecked her on the cheek. “Gotta run.” 
He teetered and tottered back to the stall, sloshing water along the way. By the time Noah returned to the group, the colt’s head and neck had appeared. Blood and mucus covered the torsos of both Gus and Ollie as they wrestled to stabilize the baby. Noah sat the pail next to Ollie and ran to the back corner. He stomach wrenched until he dry heaved into the grass in the shadows. 
“That’s it!” Ollie proclaimed. “There he is.”
The others in the stall clapped and cheered as the baby colt attempted to stand. He regained his composure and rushed out to find Nora. 
“Nora,” he said, waving her in, “come quick. He’s here.”
The youthful lady skipped over the ground between them wearing a grin from ear to ear. “It’s a boy?”
Noah nodded. 
He wrapped his arm around her waist and led her in to meet the stampede’s youngest member. Storm had her baby boy curled in close to her belly. The brown colt still struggled to move on his own with little success. 
“He’s so adorable!” Nora exclaimed, covering her mouth with both hands. 
“The cutest chestnut I’ve ever seen,” Noah added. 
“That’s it.” Nora grabbed him by his elbow. “We can name him Chestnut.”
Chuck sat his hat on his head as he strode toward them. “That suits me just fine. Chestnut, it is.” The co-owner huddled them under either arm and led them outside. “After breakfast later, why don’t you two take some of the posters into town and let folks know about our new addition. We can start letting the kids stop by and see them at this evening’s show.”
Nora wrapped her thin arms around his barrel chest. “Thank you, Mr. Dawson. That sounds terrific.”


He and Nora spent the better part of the morning and afternoon in downtown Reno passing out fliers for their show. All of the kids wanted to meet the little colt and see real cowboys ride the bucking broncs. As another day drew to an end, droves of people from near and far packed the small arena to full capacity. 
Women gasped and their husbands cheered as the bull and horse riders entertained with their segment of the rodeo. During the intermission, the clowns passed out small balloons to the kids as they wandered up and down the aisles. 
“You were really amazing in there earlier this morning with Storm,” Nora said, walking up to the fence next to Noah. 
“Nah, I wasn’t that great.” He took the glass of water she handed to him took a gulp. 
She snuggled in under his arms and stretched up on the tips of her toes to kiss him. The water on Noah’s lips made hers that much warmer to the touch. 
“So,” he said after she broke free, “has Chuck or Marti mentioned where our next show’s gonna be?”
Nora turned her attention to the show, propping a boot on the lowest rung of the fence. “We usually go to Sacramento after Reno, but they haven’t said anything yet.”
Noah leaned in beside her and took another swig of his drink. “How’s your leg? I’ve noticed you’ve been favorin’ the right one quite a bit lately.”
She scoffed and shook off his observations. “I’m as fit as a fiddle.” Nora laced her fingers over the top rail. “Chuck wants me on Stormy again once we get to Sacramento – if she’s up to it by then.”
He gazed off into the cloud of dust that the barrel rider kicked up as he rounded the farthest turn. She ain’t gonna say anything’s wrong even if it is. Noah downed another swig of the refreshing spring water and glanced at his girl out of the corner of his eye. 
Chapter 43


“Can I make dinner reservations for two?” Sarah asked into the phone. 
“One second,” the snooty woman said. “Let me check.” Her hoarse voice returned seconds later. “Yes, ma’am. I have an opening this evening for two. Would seven work for you?”
Sarah scribbled the time and location down on her napkin: Jim Reid’s. Seven. “That’s perfect. Thank you.”
She folded the napkin and stuffed it into her pocket as her mother came through the front door with their laundry. Karla slid the basket across the floor and took off her boots. 
“You look happy,” Karla said, sizing her up. “Okay, what’s going on?”
Sarah couldn’t contain it much longer. “I have a surprise for you, but we’ll have to change and get ready.”
Her mom popped an eyebrow in suspicion. “How much is your surprise gonna run me?”
Sarah sprung from the sofa and scurried to her room to change. “Nothing! I’ve got it all covered.”
“What should I wear?” 
Sarah pulled her accordion closet door open and ruffled through the section where she kept her formal wear. “Something decent – like a dress or slacks.” 
The dashboard clock in her mom’s truck read 6:36 p.m. when Karla made the turn onto Route 20 toward Nutter Fort. 
“Now, go straight for a few miles,” Sarah instructed, brushing out her evening jacket. 
“I wish you’d tell me what we’re doin’ already,” Karla said with a chuckle. 
“You’ll see.”
They followed the winding country road until the familiar city park appeared on Sarah’s side of the road. 
“Make a left over there,” she said, pointing to a squat brown building ahead. 
Karla pulled the pickup into a curb spot in front of the high-end eatery with a look of astonishment on her face. “Jim Reid’s? Honey, we can’t afford this place.”
“I can, and we are,” Sarah insisted, walking up the sidewalk toward the giant wooden bagpipes on the building. 
Sarah turned and waited on the walk in front of the establishment. 
“Okay, okay,” her mom said, tossing the truck door shut. 
“It’s a girl’s night out.”
The elderly hostess propped the front door open and welcomed them in warmly. “Do you have a reservation with us this evening?” 
“Yes, ma’am, under Sarah Daniels.” 
The hostess held up a liver-spotted hand and shuffled behind her podium. “Yes, right this way.”
Sarah followed her into a large elegant room with walls covered in deep red velvet. A cozy fire crackled along the wall flanked by two swinging doors to the kitchen. 
“Will this table be all right?” the hostess asked, placing menus on the wooden table next to the fireplace. 
“Perfect,” Sarah said, resting her jacket on the back of her chair. 
“Your server will be with you shortly, dear.”
Sarah unfolded her leatherbound menu and quickly became overwhelmed by the selection. “Imperial stuffed shrimp. House sirloin tips. Fillet Mingnon. What is half of this stuff?”
“That depends on what you’re in the mood for,” a young blonde said. She kept her curly locks tied behind her neck with a single white ribbon. 
“Whoa!” Karla exclaimed. “You came outa nowhere.”
“I’m Julie,” the blonde said. She stomped on the floor with her shoe. “The carpet turns us all into ninjas. Sorry.” She slid in next to Sarah and tapped her pen against the menu. “If you like seafood, I recommend the shrimp. If you’re into steaks, go for the fillet.”
“I guess I’ll go with the fillet,” Sarah said, handing her the menu. “Mom?”
“I suppose I’ll try the shrimp.”
“Excellent choices,” Julie said. “Your entrees include six other courses: a soup, salad, cheeses, desserts – the works. What will you have?”
Sarah’s eyes grew to the size of saucers. “I don’t know where I’m gonna put it all.” 
Julie jotted down their courses and stuffed her order pad into a pocket on her apron. “I’ll be right back with your drinks and soups.”
“How’s your project going?” Karla asked, sipping her water.
Sarah whetted her own thirst. “Pretty good. I think I’m getting really close to finding out what happened to him.”
Her mom split a roll and buttered it. “I still don’t understand what you think you’re gonna find out. I’d be shocked if you found anything at all.” She tore a bite off her roll. “Maybe he hid all of these years for a reason, Sarah.”
Sarah nibbled on her warm wheat roll with a shrug. “The things I’ve uncovered suggest otherwise.”
“I still think you’re pokin’ your pretty little nose where it don’t belong,” Karla said, emphasizing her words with a jab of her roll. 
Sarah washed her bread down with a swig of her soda. “You’ve gotta trust me, mom.” She peeked around the room nervously at the other guests. “So, how’s work going?”
“Okay,” her mom said in a masculine tone. She threw an arm over the back of her chair. 
The leers from the retired money in the room told Sarah that they knew she was a fish out of water. God, mom. Just don’t cuss in public. 
“There’s an opening at the gas company for a meter reader,” Karla said, gnawing on the end of her roll. “I’m thinkin’ of applyin’ there.”
 “Can you do it?” Sarah huddled in close to her tall glass of bubbling brown drink. 
“They train you to do it,” her mother said. “It’s more money, better hours, and better benefits.” She bent back over the tabletop. “I guess we’ll see.”
“About my dad --”
“No, no,” her mom interjected. “You have every right to know that stuff, Sarah.” 
Her mother’s hardened hands caressed her forearms on the table. 
“I just wanted to protect you.”
Sarah took her mom by the hands on either side of the bread basket. “From what? He seems like a decent guy.”
Karla’s short, black locks fell over her face. “It’s not so much about him. It – it’s complicated.”
Their small talk fell silent as the dinner courses arrived one after another. Sarah’s fine dining experience lived up to her expectations and then some. She leaned over her small bowl of raspberry sorbet, stirring the melted soup with her fancy spoon. 
“Will there be anything else?” Julie asked, placing the bill on the edge of their table. 
“I’m so stuffed I can hardly move,” Sarah said, placing two fifties into the leather bi-fold. 
“I’ll be right back with your change.”
Sarah brushed away the need. “Keep it.”
Julie shook the bi-fold in the air triumphantly. “Thanks – and come again!” 
“You ready?” she asked, putting her jacket back over her cold shoulders. 
Karla stood and zipped up her coat. “Thank you for this, baby. It was really nice.”
They strode down the steps toward their old beat-up truck locked in a loving embrace. 
“Some alone time was long overdue,” Sarah said, climbing into the truck’s cab. She shivered and tugged the hemline of her dress over her shaking knees. 
Karla started the truck and cranked up the heat. Somewhere between the restaurant and I-79, Sarah dozed off into a food-induced slumber. 
The truck’s radio belted out some seventy’s classic rock when Sarah awoke. A sharp sting brought her around as she pulled her cheek free from the cold glass. 
“Home again,” her mom said, shutting off the engine. “Must’ve been some good steak.”
Sarah hurried up the sidewalk and into the entrance as a cool evening breeze chased her. Her mother stopped outside the main door and grabbed a stack of bills from their old metal mailbox. Karla jabbed one envelope behind the next as she tromped up the stairwell. 
“God!” her mother shouted. “I just paid the phone bill last week!”
Sarah propped her drowsy body against the doorframe. “Yeah, but it was two week’s late, wasn’t it?”
Karla stabbed the door lock with her key. “They get paid when I can afford to pay them.”
Both women kicked their heels off with a sigh of relief and hung their jackets on the coat rack. 
“You wanna cup of coffee?” her mom asked, walking into the kitchen. 
“Sure.” Sarah took the bills from her mom and laid them on the table. 
Her mother joined her at the kitchen table with two cups of steaming brew. “Cream and sugar.” She slid one mug across to Sarah. 
She nursed her coffee while her mom pulled the phone bill up to eye level. Oh, shit! All of the blood drained from Sarah’s face. Karla opened the envelope with a thumbnail and unfolded the multi-page summary. 
“Missouri?” Karla said – her mouth agape. “California!” 
Sarah sat her forehead on the brim of her mug. Busted. 
“Who the hell are you callin’ way out there, Sarah Anne?” 
The teen prayed that her coffee steam would magically make her disappear. “People that knew Uncle Noah.”
“Damn it, Sarah.” Her mom dropped her elbows on the table sloshing her drink in the process. “I’m gettin’ tired of hearing about that.” 
What am I grounded from this time?
“If you wanna make grown up choices,” her mom snapped, “then you’ll pay for ‘em like one.”
Sarah lifted her head and locked eyes with her enraged mother. 
“You’ll work off these extra long-distance charges around the house with your chores.”
“Like I get paid now!” Sarah said, slamming her palms on the table. “If I don’t do it, are you gonna throw a chair at my head, too?”
Karla’s jaws clenched down like a set of steel vices. “How dare you!” Her coffee cup trembled between her hands. “Since you got that damned book, you’ve done nothin’ but pry into everyone else’s lives.” She stood up and took a step into the kitchen. “Everything was fine before!” 
Sarah slid her chair out from under her and strode to the end of the table. “Maybe for you, mom.”
The knuckles on both of her mother’s hands whitened around the cup. Karla’s furious stare zoned out to some other place as Sarah stepped away. Her mother flung her mug across the kitchen into the sink causing a porcelain explosion. The white cup impacted the basin with a crunch and flung brown liquid all over the narrow backsplash. 
“You need help, mom!” Sarah stormed toward her room with her fists clenched. “Serious help!” She slammed her old bedroom door and spun the lock. 
Chapter 44


The Dawson-Rivers Stampede rolled into Sacramento as the sun reached its apex in the azure California skies. Noah made quick work of his typical chore of setting up the paddock in a plush expanse of grass. 
“Hey,” Nora said, sauntering up behind him. “You got a minute?”
He stuffed his wrench into a hip pocket and wiped the sweat from his face. “Sure. Whatcha need?”
She sat on the lowest rung of the fence and patted the empty space next to her. Noah obliged and slid next to his best girl. 
“I just came from the doctors in town, Noah.”
The young man’s face twisted in concern. “Is everything all right?”
Nora giggled. “Just fine.” She gathered her hair behind her head and laid it over her left shoulder. “I’m pregnant, Noah.”
“O-Oh?” His stomach sank somewhere between his ankles. 
Nora nodded with a smile. “Mmm hmm. It’s our baby.” 
Noah wrung his hands between his legs. “Are you sure?”
“You were there with me a few weeks ago behind the trailer, right?” She rocked over and nudged him with her elbow. 
“Yeah.” 
“That’s when they think our baby was made,” she said, closing her hands over his. She picked up on his apprehensive vibes. “Aren’t you happy?”
Noah knelt in front of her in the fragrant grass. “Of course. I just don’t know if I’m ready to be someone’s dad.”
Nora got off the rail and sat on his lap. “I don’t know a thing about being a good mother either, Noah, but I’m willin’ to try.”
He bobbed his dark red bangs. The ring of Conestogas blurred in his field of vision. She bent in and pressed her lips to the bridge of his nose. Noah held her tight in his arms and wrestled with the flurry of thoughts racing through his mind. A dad? Sweet mother. I came out here to bring my family together, not start one. 
“Can we talk more about this later?” The world listed to the left as he staggered to his feet. “I told Gus I’d have this done before lunch.”
Nora’s palm massaged his back as Noah strode toward the next pole in the ground. “I’m gonna go check on Chestnut and Stormy, then. Talk to ya at lunch, honey.”
He lifted his wrench next to his head and smiled as the mother of his unborn child skipped away. Once she rounded the corner and disappeared, Noah dropped his tool and ran to his truck. Cold sweat bled from every pore as a wave of tingles shuddered body. 
“Just get your things,” he stammered, “and get out – uh!” 
Noah made it to the rear tire on his work truck before he lost what little content remained in his belly. He collapsed beside the wheel and allowed his body to right its course. After a few more dry heaves, his sweats subsided. Noah used the truck’s bed to hoist himself off the ground and strode to the tailgate. 
“I gotta get outa here.”
He pulled his small bag of belongings out of the wagon and slung it over his shoulder. In a matter of minutes, the ring of Conestogas had shrunk into the line of the horizon. 
Noah strode down the busy streets of Sacramento en route to the train station. He pulled a wad of dollar bills from his right shoe. This time he wouldn’t be riding as a hobo. He’d be a full-fledged customer. November Wetzel Greene! 
“Oh, geez, momma. Not again.”
He paid for a fresh apple and stuffed his change in his pocket as his mind’s reincarnation of his mother stirred the pot. 
You march right back there and you man up to your decisions!
He waited for the passing family to walk out of earshot before he continued. “But, momma, I’m no father. Hell, I’m still a kid.”
That makes no difference. You had enough sense to act like a man with her then. You can’t just go back to being a child whenever you feel it’s convenient.
“I made a promise to the others.”
He crossed a busy intersection that led to the train station. 
That promise can wait, Noah. The promise you and Nora made to your baby trumps everything else right now. 
	He let his sack fall off his shoulder and dangle at his side. They need you more right now, and you know it, Jimmy’s voice echoed in his head.
“Dad gummit!” Noah spun on his heels and ran against the current of people back in the direction of the rodeo. 
Nora led Storm into the paddock when he arrived back at their camp. The midnight horse shook out her mane as Nora guided her to the center of the ring. 
“Are you sure you should be doin’ that in your condition?”
She snapped her head under the horse’s neck and smiled at the welcome surprise. “Where did you disappear to?”
Noah scratched the nape of his neck and turned out his other palm. “Just doin’ some thinkin’.”
“Well,” she said, rubbing Storm’s side, “what do you think?”
He climbed over the fence and strode to the other side of the horse. “I think it’s about time of you and me to settle down and start our family.”
Nora grinned over the saddle and swung her body onto Storm’s back. “I just wanna test it to see if I can still perform.”
“I’m not so sure this is the best idea, Nora.”
She snapped the leather straps and Storm responded with a gentle trot across the paddock. “I’ve gotta try and do this as long as I can. We’re gonna need all of the money we can earn.”
Noah’s blue gaze followed them around the ring. As Storm galloped back around toward him, Nora eased herself up in the saddle on her right leg. Noah watched as she gingerly brought her left boot up into the saddle. Her feet touched the saddle for fractions of a second before Nora tumbled to the grass. 
“Nora!” He pounced off the top rung of the fence and bolted to her side. 
She winced, grabbing her left hip as she sat up in the field. “That didn’t go as planned.”
“Are you all right?”
Her defeated eyes communicated the answer from behind her black strands. Noah stood behind her and helped Nora to her feet. 
“I’d say my ridin’ days are done.”
“I’ll find work in the fields,” Noah said, brushing the dirt from her backside. “I’ve saved up nearly everything I’ve made. Between the two of us, we can probably settle down and get our own place.”
Nora rested her head on his shoulder and stroked the white patch on Storm’s muzzle. 
“You can’t afford to be doin’ these shows anymore,” he said. “We have a baby to think about now.”
She wove her slender fingers between his. “I suppose I could still work in the local stables and teach folks to ride until the baby comes.”
Noah swept her hair behind her ear and gently kissed her jawline. “We should have a sit-down with Chuck and Marti soon and tell them we aren’t goin’ on with the show.”
Nora guided his hand over her belly. “We’ll make this show our last.”
Chapter 45


Sarah stood in the small bathroom and listened. Her mother’s heavy steps thumped from the front door back toward the kitchen. 
“Forgot her lunch again,” she whispered into her fingers. 
She heard the refrigerator door slam shut and the footsteps recede. The apartment’s front door creaked open and closed with a click. Sarah tiptoed to the bathroom door and cracked it ajar. Stark silence. 
“Good,” she said, running for the phone on the kitchen counter. 
Sarah’s finger could have found his numbers in her sleep. 
“Hello?”
“Hey,” she said. “It’s me. I’ve got a huge favor to ask of you.”
Collin grumbled into his phone. “If you weren’t so cute…”
“I need you to drive me to Pittsburgh.”
“Ha, ha. Very funny, Sarah.”
She strode back down the hallway to her room. “Seriously. Tonight. I need to get to California.”
“Do you even have --?”
“I’ve got the money,” she said, pulling some jeans out of her dresser. “And I’ve already booked a roundtrip ticket.” 
“You’re not kidding,” Collin said in a monotone voice. “Sarah, your mother is gonna probably self-destruct or something.”
“I don’t care what she thinks anymore.” Sarah rifled through the floor in her closet and came out with her run away bag. “Are you gonna help me get to my dying uncle or not?”
“God, my parents are gonna kill me,” he said. “All right, I’ll be there in a few. You owe me big time for this.”
Sarah packed the clothes into her pack and set it on her bed. “You know you love me.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
“Bye.”
She grabbed her old blue backpack and returned the phone to its charger. Sarah had just enough time for one last bathroom break before Collin’s car horn beckoned her to the sidewalk. 
They rode in silence all the way to the Mason-Dixon Line up the interstate. Collin wore his apprehension like a bad Halloween mask. 
“Why now?” he asked, breaking the silence. “Why the rush? Can’t he fly out here to meet you and his other brothers and sisters?”
Sarah rubbed the straps of her backpack with a thumb. “He doesn’t want to. He’s afraid that they’re all still mad at him for breaking his promise.” She stared off into the rolling white stripes on the highway. “I’ve gotta see Uncle Noah now. He needs to know the truth.”
Collin guided his car around a slow rig as they ascended another big hill. “Are you even sure that it’s him?”
She scoffed and slumped into her bucket seat. “Of course, I am. He confirmed a lot of details that only the real November Greene could know.” She flipped the air vent open and closed next to her window. “He told me all about growing up on the farm back in Jane Lew. He and I talked a lot about his memories of leaving April and Max on the poor farm that day, and about how he left his wife years ago.” 
Collin drove the car off the exit for the International airport. “So, what do I tell you mom when she calls me?” He pulled his car into a spot in front of the main lobby. “She’s gonna think you ran away.”
Sarah hoisted her backpack onto her lap and opened her door. “Let her think that and sweat it out for a while.” She leaned in and pecked him on the cheek. “Tell her I went to California for a few days, and I’ll be back then.”
Collin let his head thunk on his steering wheel. “This is not how I envisioned our spring break.”
“We’ll still have several days left when I get back.” She got out and shut the passenger door. “I’ll make it up to you.”
“Promises, promises.”
“I’ll call you when I land back here, okay?”
He bobbed his somber head. 
Sarah knelt down and set her arms on the door’s windowsill. “Hey,” he turned his pale face to hers, “I love you.”
The color flooded back into his features as a smile cracked from ear to ear. “You’d better after this hot mess. Love you, too.”
Sarah stepped back on the curb and waved until his taillights dipped over the hill. She had forty-five minutes until her plane departed – enough time to check in and grab a light snack. 
Chapter 46


“Here’s your change, darlin’,” the cab driver said. He passed Sarah a small fan of bills through the passenger window. 
She strode up the cobblestone walkway to the small detached store. The carved wooden sign over the door let her know she had found her destination: November’s Railroad Collectibles. Sarah slid her backpack onto her shoulder and drew in a chest full of the clear Redding air. 
“Here we go,” she muttered as she opened the door. 
A young boy’s dream sat on the other side of the cypress pine door. Two elaborate train sets adorned the left side of the showroom; their miniature locomotives chugged along the trestles and wound through long tunnels. The earthy aroma of the native pine filled the cozy store. 
“Good morning,” a gentleman said, striding from behind a curtain on the far wall. He kept his short, black hair cemented in place.  “How can I help you?” He straightened out the vest in his charcoal suit before gliding over to greet her.
Sarah stopped a few paces from his cloud of Old Spice. “I’m looking for November Greene. Is he here?”
“You must be Sarah,” he said, smiling. “I’m Charles, the Assistant Manager.”
She nodded with excitement. 
“One moment,” Charles said, moving toward another door in the back corner. “I’ll go see if he’s available.”
Charles returned with a tall elderly man hobbling behind him. His white curls of hair still retained some of their former dark red luster. Sarah’s chest muscles constricted as doubt set in. Is this really the right person? November can’t be that common a name, can it? Her fears melted once his light blue eyes met hers. He stopped at the cash register and leaned on his wooden cane. 
“Are you November Greene?” she asked, inching closer. 
“That’s the name on all of my prescription bottles.”
She shared in his chuckle. “I’m Sarah Daniels – Emma’s granddaughter.”
Small puddles formed in the corner of Noah’s eyes. She set her pack on the floor in front of the counter and dug into its pouch. Sarah stood back up and handed him a small, black leather journal. 
“I believe this is yours, Uncle Noah.”
He took his journal in an unsteady hand and maneuvered his cane in the direction of his office. “Charles, I’ll be unavailable for a while.”
“Of course, Mr. Greene.”
Sarah flanked him on one side unsure if he would topple to the ground. He opened his office door and propped it with his hip. 
“If you please,” he said, brushing his curls out of his face. 
She took a seat across from her uncle’s small desk and moved to its edge. 
“I’m kinda surprised that you even found me.” Noah hung his cane on a coat rack and shuffled into his leather chair. 
“So am I.”
He cupped one arthritic hand in the other on the big calendar on his desk. “How is your grandmother?”
Sarah crossed her legs clamping down her fidgety hands. “She’s doing better. She really misses you. They all do.”
Noah’s vibrant eyes fell to his worn journal. “How did you end up with my book?”
“Aunt April tried to find you for the longest time,” she said. 
“Is that right?”
“Mmm hmm.”
Noah ran a thumb along the pages of the relic. “I wrote her and Max a bunch of letters back then, but I never got a reply on a one of them.” He caressed the wrinkled cover with a feeble hand. “I just figured they gave up on me and moved on.”
“They didn’t have a choice but to move on, but they never gave up on you.” 
Noah lifted his gaze from the journal. “Then – April and Max?”
“We lost Aunt April a few months ago to a heart attack,” she said with a sigh. “”She left me your book in her will. She said that I had to keep trying to reunite you guys before it was too late.”
“A-And Max?” he asked in a fractured tone. 
“He and the others are doing fine,” she said. “Well, Ina Jane passed over twenty years ago.” 
Noah lowered the shattered windows to his soul. “Oh.”
“Cancer.”  Sarah rested her arms on the edge of his desk. “But they need you, Uncle Noah. You can see the hurt on their faces. You can feel the cold void they all have in their souls.” She placed a hand on his. “Will you come back with me for a little while to see them?”
Noah’s hands slid slowly across the desk and dropped over the edge. He stared out the windows into the rustling pines outside. “I-I don’t know. This is a lot to take in.” He forced his body out of the chair and grabbed his cane. “Please, excuse me. I just need to go get some fresh air and think.” He propped the door open and slid to one side. “You can stay in here if you like, or have a look around the store. I’ll be back in a little bit.”
Chapter 47


Charles led her around the small store on a guided tour. “He’s been collecting and selling them for nearly forty years.” The business-like assistant walked her to a wall of photos. “They are his life.”
Sarah studied the pictures in amazement. “He’s met presidents?”
Charles nodded with a laugh. “A few. Mr. Greene has also won numerous awards for his work.” He pointed out several certificates and medals ornamenting the adjacent wall. “Master Railroader, more Golden Spike Awards than I can keep track of…”
“He’s really good.” 
Charles brushed his suit jacket and stood tall. “We’re the best on this side of the country.”
The front door popped open with a jingle as Noah shimmied inside. “I found a few things I think you oughta see, Sarah. Would you mind coming with me to my house?”
She must have had a reserved look about her. 
“It’s only a few blocks from here, and I drive a lot better than I walk.”
“Sure,” she said with a giggle. “Thank you for the tour, Charles.” 
The well-groomed manager bowed as she departed. “The pleasure was all mine.”
Noah drove them down California 273 past an old RV lot and turned into a driveway leading to a small log cabin. “It ain’t much, but it’s home.” He heaved himself out of the bench seat of his Caddy with a groan. “I found some old picture albums I thought you might wanna see.”
“I’d love to,” she said, climbing out of the boat on wheels. 
Rustic railroad and Old West memorabilia decorated the interior of his home. Noah strode to his tan leather sectional sofa and flopped down in front of a collection of cardboard boxes. 
“Come on in and pull up a seat.” 
She dropped her pack in the matching recliner and sat next to her uncle. 
“These here,” he said, cracking the spine of an album, “were taken when Nora and I were still pretty young.”
Sarah’s eyes grew larger with each picture. These are the missing gaps between the journal and now. 
Noah tapped one photo with a bent finger. “This one here was taken around Nadine’s first birthday.”
A much younger version of her uncle held his daughter up around the back of his neck. Nora cuddled close to his side with her arm draped around his waist. 
“I talked to Nadine a few weeks ago,” Sarah said, flipping through the album. 
“Really? How is she?”
Sarah lifted a shoulder and turned another page. “I don’t think she’d mind hearing from you either.”
Her uncle exhaled his remorse and leaned back into the sofa. “Listen, Sarah. I went back east to find April and Max when Nadine was probably around seven or eight.” 
“Nora had mentioned somethin like that.”
“When I got there,” he continued, “the poor farm was gone. The homestead had been sold. I scoured all over that town, but I couldn’t find any of them.” He tossed his hands up in defeat. “So, I came back home.”
Sarah ran her fingertips over an eight-by-eleven of them in soft lighting. “Why didn’t you go back to your family – Nora and Nadine?” Her cheeks radiated her embarrassment. “I’m sorry. That’s none of my business.”
“It’s all right, Sarah,” he said with a sniffle. “I had to ride the rails to get back east. It was a lot harder to accomplish in the forties.”
She followed his eyes to a reprint of the meeting of the Transcontinental Railroad hanging over the fireplace. “Once the rails get into your veins,” he said, “it’s hard to refuse their call.” His lower jaw trembled as he dazed off into the picture. 
Sarah cleared her throat and set the album back in the box. “I know you said that your health isn’t the best, but if I can get you an extra plane ticket, will you come back?”
Noah rocked his weary frame to the edge of his sofa. “Tell ya what, kiddo. Let me clear it with my doctor tomorrow at my appointment.”
Her face lit up. He’s coming!
“If they say I’m good to go, then you can call me in a roundtrip ticket.”
 She wrapped her arms around his trunk in a bear hug. “They’re gonna be so excited to see you.”
Chapter 48


The hotel room’s air unit purred under its windows. Sarah paced back and forth across the floor awaiting word from her uncle. One of several morning talk shows wrapped up on the big TV on the dresser in the executive suite. I’m glad I convinced myself to spring for the top of the line room. She sat on the edge of her king-sized bed and fell back into its fluffiness. 
“I could really get used to this.”
A low grumble rattled her gizzard overpowering the talking head on the midday news. 
“About that time,” she said, springing from the comforter. “Let’s wander down the street a bit. Sandwich and soup?”
Her belly gurgled again as she took a few twenties from her pack on the floor. “I’ll take that as a yes.”
Tucking the bills into her pocket, Sarah locked her room and headed out into downtown Redding. A mild spring breeze ruffled the leaves in the evenly-spaced maples along Yuba Street. Traffic picked up as the corporate lunch hour commenced in the Northern California town. Sarah blended into a throng of pedestrians and crossed the street to the ruby restaurant overhang calling her name. 
The gold script on the flapping canopy read: Zeke’s Bistro. “Good a place as any,” she said, wandering inside. 
Groups of people huddled around small tables on the bistro’s floor. From what she could overhear on the way to the counter, their chatter pertained mostly to summer vacation plans and possible pay raises. 
“What’ll it be, ma’am?” The bald man behind the counter wiped down the glass top as he awaited Sarah’s order. 
“Club sandwich, French onion soup, and an iced tea, please.”
The worker slung the rag over his shoulder and rang her up at the register. 
“Thanks,” Sarah said, taking her change and ticket number. 
When her meal came up, she took the tray and headed to the open-air seating next to the main room. Visions of the surviving Greene children huddled together filled her imagination as she ate her lunch. She peered into the billowing cumulus clouds drifting across the otherwise clear skies. It’s finally gonna happen, Aunt April. Just wish you were here to see it.
Once she finished her meal, Sarah retraced her steps back to her hotel. A polite young blonde looked up from her crossword puzzle as Sarah approached the front desk. 
“How is everything?” the woman asked. 
“Fine, thanks.” Sarah scanned the chrome desk for any loose sticky notes. “Has anyone tried to call me?”
“Your room number?” the blonde asked gnawing on the end of her pen. 
“Four-eleven.”
The worker’s hazel eyes flittered around the phone. “Sorry. None that I see.” 
“Thanks anyway,” Sarah said, walking to the bank of elevators. 
The first round of soaps had already begun when she entered her room. Sarah strode to her windows and gazed across the cityscape to the line of abandoned rail cars a few hundred yards away. The sharp ring of the phone on her nightstand snapped her from her daydreams of what it might be like to ride the rails. 
“Hello?”
“You have a call coming from Riverview Medical Center, ma’am,” the raspy male voice declared. 
Sarah’s feet pattered on the floor in excitement. “I’ll take it.”
“One moment, ma’am.”
The line clicked over to a cacophony of panic. “Hello?” a woman asked. “Is this Sarah Daniels?”
“Yeah.” 
“I’m calling with Dr. Nutter’s office,” the nurse said. “Noah Greene has you listed as his next of kin.”
Sarah’s stomach sank. “What?”
“He’s coding.”
Sarah pounced to her feet and tugged on the phone line. “What are you saying?”
“He’s dying – right now.”
“Oh, Jesus,” she said, fumbling the receiver in her hand. “I-I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
She dropped the phone on the bed, grabbed her belongings, and ran to the front desk in a blur of terror and tears. 


Sarah handed the cabbie a ten and ran for the big desk in the main lobby of Riverview Medical. 
“How can I help you, miss?” a middle-aged black woman asked. She wore white scrubs with various cartoon characters printed on them. 
“I’m looking for November Greene’s room, please.” Sarah’s heart beat out of her chest as she wrestled for each breath. 
“Greene?” the nurse repeated. 
Sarah nodded frantically. “You’ve gotta hurry, please.”
The nurse gasped and shook her long curly hair. “Oh, no.” She scrambled around next to Sarah and beckoned her to follow. “I’ll get ya there, honey.”
The last of the nurses cleared Noah’s room when Sarah arrived. A balding man in a white lab coat scribbled something onto his clipboard. Sarah’s guide sped to his side and whispered as she pointed to Sarah. 
“Hello,” the doctor said, walking over to greet her. His coat sailed in the wind of his wake. “I’m Dr. Nutter, Mr. Greene’s, cardiologist.”
“Sarah,” she said, “his niece.” 
 Nutter shifted his doughy everyman physique to one side. “Your uncle had a pretty serious cardiac episode a little bit ago.”
Her head waggled in confusion.
“A heart attack.” Nutter scratched his signature on something and handed the clipboard to the nurse at the desk. “I’m afraid he won’t be flying anywhere, much less, doing anything else for a while.”
“Will he be okay?” she asked. Her voice teetered on the brink of collapse. 
Nutter shrugged. “He’s stable for now, but until we run some diagnostics, I’m afraid I can’t say for certain.”
“Can I --?” She pointed to the room.
“Of course,” Dr. Nutter said. “If he gets tired, let him get his rest, though.”
She hustled into the room and leaned over his frail form. Noah’s right eyelids peeled back. 
“Hey, kiddo,” he said in a hoarse and weak tone. “Guess our little trip’s off.”
She forced back a wave of tears and nodded. “You feeling better?”
He clicked the small triangle on the bedrail and it responded lifting his torso closer to her face. “I’ve been better.”
“I tried to get here as soon as I could,” she said, “but the cabs in this town --”
“I know,” Noah said, laughing. “It gave me some time to do something I’ve been meanin’ to do.” His feeble hand snagged an envelope from the stand beside his bed and gave it to her. “Take it back with ya to my brothers and sisters.”
She bobbed her head and slid it into her backpack. 
“That way, I’ll know that it definitely got to them.” Noah held his arms out. “Who knows? Maybe they’ll even call me sometime.”
She chuckled nervously and stood stoic at his side. 
“Listen,” Noah said, blinking slowly, “I don’t wanna keep ya, but I’m gettin’ tired.”
“I’m not going anywhere, Uncle Noah.” She set her pack on the floor and claimed the chair next to his bed. “Just get some rest and I’ll wake you when dinner gets here.”
His snores cut through the sterile air before Sarah finished her thought. She settled in for a long afternoon of continuous news and sports. Somewhere between the seventh and eighth time she had heard the same headlines, a petite redhead wheeled a cart into the room with steaming platters next to Sarah. 
“Uncle Noah?” Sarah said, rocking his arm. 
His head of snowy curls lolled toward her. “Did I oversleep?”
“Dinner’s on,” the freckled orderly said, toting his tray to the bedside table. “I’ll come back in a while to check in on ya, hon.”
Noah elevated his mattress the rest of the way up and pulled the lids off his plates. “Why don’t you head on down and get yourself something to eat, too?”
“You sure?”
“Bah!” He waved his fork at her. “Go relax. Get some food. Just promise me you’ll stick around to give me a ride home.”
“Absolutely!” she said, walking to the door. “Do you want me to bring you back anything?”
A mumble of negation forced its way through his half-masticated veggies. 
The hospital cafeteria sat nearly barren. I guess that’s to be expected on a Tuesday evening. Sarah strode up to the counter of the pizza restaurant and bought a couple of slices and a drink. The skies outside the three-story windows dimmed into pale shades of pink and indigo among the feathery clouds. She nibbled at her food trying to force it past the knots in her stomach. 
“They’re gonna be pretty disappointed.” She stirred her cola with a clear straw. “I guess a letter and some phone calls would still be a good place to start.”
A loud feedback loop whistled into the facility’s PA system. “Paging, Dr. Nutter. Code red. Dr. Nutter, to the ICU.”
She left her plate and cup where the stood and raced for the nearest elevator back to her uncle. “Not again!”
Muffled shouts rang from his room as Sarah watched it unfold helplessly. An ox-like nurse called for everyone to stand clear and pressed two paddles onto Noah’s exposed chest. Sarah watched as his torso arched up in a spasm and fell limp to the bed. 
“Clear!” the nurse exclaimed. She fired a jolt of life-saving power through his body once more. Her sagging jowls swung toward the heart monitor. 
Sarah saw the green line peak three times on its journey across the screen.

Beeeeeeep. 

Ox nurse rubbed her paddles together frantically. “Stand --!”
Nutter held out a hand over Noah’s motionless body and shook his head. He turned his solemn gaze to the round clock on the wall over the bed. “Time of death – five twenty-seven.” 
“No!” Sarah muttered into her clenched fists. 
Nutter’s mournful eyes found hers through the panes of glass. He drifted to her side as she buckled in misery. 
“I’m truly sorry for your loss, Ms. Daniels.” His hand rubbed her upper back. “I’ll come back in a few minutes and we’ll talk.”
Chapter 49


The big red neon sign for T&L came into view as Sarah slowed the Cadillac to a stop and the intersection of Hacker’s Creek Road and Main Street in Jane Lew. She made the right on Main and guided the boat on wheels into an empty spot along the curb in front of her building. Karla charged through the main door as Sarah pulled her backpack from the rear seat. 
“Praise, Jesus!” her mom shouted. She wrapped Sarah up in a tight embrace. “I was worried sick. I’ll do what you want. I’ll go see a shrink – just don’t ever do that to me again.”
She let the straps of her pack slide out of her fingers. “He’s gone,” she said, crying into the crook of her mother’s shoulder. “They tried.”
“It’s all right, sweetie,” Karla said, rocking her only child. “Let’s get you inside.”
Sarah nodded grabbing her bag from the sidewalk. “I need to call Gram anyway.”
Sarah huddled under her mother’s wing as they ascended the staircase to their apartment. She picked up the phone and dialed the number without so much as removing her shoes and jacket. One ring. Two. Come on, be home!
“Hello?” her Gram said at last.
“Gram! It’s me.”
“Oh, Sarah, honey.” Her voice buckled. “Thank God you’re home.”
“You knew I was gone?”
Her grandmother chuckled. “Of course. Your mother called me not long after you disappeared.”
“Oh.” Sarah’s tone perked up. “Gram, I have some things that you and the others need to see for yourselves. Can we meet at your house after while?”
“Well,” Gram said, “I don’t see why not. Did you find him?”
“Mmm hmm. He sent some things back with me for all of you.” 
“See you in an hour?” Gram asked.
“Sounds fine. See you in a bit, Gram.”
“Love ya, honey.”
“You, too.”
Sarah returned the phone to its cradle, kicked off her shoes, and toted her pack to her room. “I’m gonna take a quick shower before we go to Gram’s house.”
“All right, baby,” Karla said. “I’ll set you out some lunch.”




Her mom slid into the passenger side of the car. “Who’s Cadillac?”
“Mine.” Sarah smirked at her mother’s confused look. “I’ll explain more when we get there.”
“Smells like Old Spice and cigars,” Karla said, wrinkling her nose. 
Sarah drove the car down Main Street and made the turn on McWhorter Road toward Lost Creek and Gram’s house. Uncle Max’s pickup and a couple of other vehicles sat in the driveway when she and her mother pulled up to the stucco home. 
“Looks like everyone’s here,” her mom said, walking up the small stone walkway to the front door. 
Sarah shifted her box in her hands and propped the door open for her mom, who had the remaining two. 
“Anybody home?” Karla shouted into the cottage’s interior. 
Heavy footsteps padded across the floor toward them. “There you two are.” Gram gave them both a hug and a kiss. “Come on in. Everybody’s waiting to hear all about your big adventure.”
Gram waddled them through her small dining room and into the larger den. Max and Morty sat side by side on her sofa while Aunt Patti rocked nervously in a nearby recliner. Sarah dropped her box in front of the sofa and lined the other two beside it in a neat row. 
“What’s all this?” Morty asked, tilting his black cowboy hat back on his head. 
“Why don’t you all gather ‘round,” Sarah instructed, “and I’ll show you.”
Gram and Patti joined their older brothers on the couch. Their eyes widened in anticipation.
Sarah passed out some of the albums and books on the top of each box. “I went to California and found him. These are some of his things.”
Patti covered her mouth and wept. 
Sarah reached into her back pocket and drew out a small envelope. She passed it over the boxes to Max. “He asked me to deliver this to you personally.”
The group huddled around Max as he unfolded the hospital notepad paper. Their eyes grew more tear-filled as they scanned the note line by line. 
“Is it true, then?” Morty asked, wiping the corner of either eye. 
Tears blurred Sarah’s vision. “Yeah. I was standing outside the room when they tried to bring him back.” She took a tissue from Patti and wiped her nose. “The doctor said his cancer was pretty bad, but it was heart that failed him.” She patted the boxes. “He wanted you guys to have all of these.”
Morty cracked the album in his hands and thumbed through the pages with a sniffle. “Oh, my goodness!” 
“What?” Gram said, leaning in closer. 
Morty sprawled the album out in his hands for all to see. A small picture of Noah in his Navy dress whites made them all smile. 
Sarah hopped over to get a better look. “Where was he?”
“Pearl Harbor by the look of the palms and the sign there,” Max said. “Here’s another one.” Max pointed to a black and white image of his big brother. Noah sat on the ribs of a massive steel building in his white tee, dungarees, and Dixie cup. 
“Hawaii, too?” Patti asked.
Morty pulled the photo out of the clear sleeve and flipped it over. “Says Burma, 1944.”
“Looks like he saw the world after all,” Max said, blinking back his sorrow. 
Gram grabbed a large scrapbook from the box nearest her and gingerly turned its pages. Morty returned the photos to their places and turned the page. His eyes lit up beneath his bushy white brows as he slid an eight-by-eleven from its sleeve. 
“Quite a family,” Max said, examining the picture in his twin’s hands. 
“Any idea what their names are?” Morty asked. 
Gram blotted her nose with her hankie. “I think I’ve got an idea.” 
Her siblings huddled over her scrapbook and studied its contents in awe. Sarah took the large tome from Uncle Max and ran her fingers over the memorabilia. 
“It’s all here,” Sarah said. “Programs from the Barker Brothers Circus, clippings on the stampede shows… all of it.” Sarah stood and pointed to a newspaper photo of a young girl standing on the back of a black mare. “This one here is Nora – Noah’s wife.” She tapped the baby in the larger family photo. “That’s their daughter, Nadine. Both of them are still living out near Eugene, Oregon.”
Her Gram eased her somnolent bones from the sofa and hobbled around the boxes. “You’ve done more for this family than you’ll ever know,” she said, wrapping Sarah in her arms. 
Karla strode over next to them and pecked her mom on the cheek. “You can say that again.”
Chapter 50


Mayor Huckabee stood outside the storefront beside of T&L before the gathered gaggle of Jane Lew townsfolk and local media. The rotund official downed a swig of his water and tapped the microphone on the podium. 
“We are gathered here today to witness the unveiling of Jane Lew's newest business,” he said through his gray beard and moustache. “When the request first came across my desk, I thought there was some sort of mistake.” Huckabee shook his head in disbelief. “The owner of the proposed company was too young to be correct. Yet, here we are today, and I am proud to help her make her dream a reality.”
Sarah wrapped an arm around her mom’s waist behind the mayor’s podium. 
 “It's my pleasure to announce grand opening of Sarah's Sweet Stop!” The mayor motioned for Sarah and Karla to join him in front of the door to their new store.
A pair of his city associates grabbed a corner of the big red ribbon and stretched it taut before the ceremonious trio. 
“Without further ado,” Huckabee said, lifting the oversized pair of scissors, “I hereby declare this establishment --” the three cut the ribbon in two, “open for business!” 
Cameras flashed from every part of the congregation. Sarah shared a laugh with her mother as a female reporter and her cameraman descended on her for the scoop. 
“Ms. Daniels,” the brunette said, extending a slender hand. “Erin James, Channel Five News. Do you have some time before you go to work for a quick interview?”
“Of course,” Sarah said, blushing. 
Erin spun her hand in front of the camera cueing its operator to start rolling. “Ms. Daniels,” she began, “what led you to open up a bakery, or any kind of business, at such a young age?”
“I’ve been filling orders for my new neighbor, T&L, for a while now.” She stuffed her damp hands into her pockets. “It was the love and support from my mom and boyfriend that pushed me.” Collin meandered out of the crowd and stood next to the cameraman. “Well, more of my boyfriend pushing me than anything else.”
Karla walked into the shot and embraced her daughter. 
“And how do you feel about your daughter going into business like this at such a young age?” Erin asked. 
Sarah’s mom pecked her on the head. “I think it’s great that she knows what she wants.”
Erin jotted some notes into her pad. “Are you going to help her run the store?”
“I’m the co-owner,” Karla said, straightening out her summer dress. “She does the cooking and I handle the business while she’s in school.”
Erin stepped to one side and her cameraman followed suit. “There you have it, folks. This mother / daughter team is whipping Lewis County into a frenzy with everything from homemade pies, cakes, and of course, their signature no-bake cookies.” 
Karla led her to the front door down the sidewalk from T&L and held it open. “Come on in! The register’s open and our display cases are packed to the gills.” 
Sarah waved to Josie through the long front window as she strode past. The seasoned waitress ran out of her store and lifted Sarah off the ground in a big hug. 
“I’m so proud o’ you, honey!” 
Sarah kissed her on the cheek as Josie dumped her back to the ground. “You helped make it all possible.”
“You did it!” a familiar voice exclaimed behind her. 
“Annie!” Sarah spun and fell into another warm hug. 
“Congrats, girl,” Annie said, sniffing away her tears. “You deserve every bit of this.”
Collin fell in beside of Sarah and smooched her on the lips. “It’s about time you started listening to me, babe.”
She took his chin between her thumb and fingers and gave it a gentle shove. “I listen to you – when you have something good to say.”
She led her friends into the bakery and tied on an apron. Collin eyed all of the treats in the cases with Annie.
“Why don’t you get back in that kitchen and whip me up something tasty,” he said sarcastically. 
Annie smacked him on the arm and scoffed. 
“I’ll cook them up,” Sarah said, “if you’ll ring them up.”
Collin strode around the cashwrap and took another apron from her hand. “You’ve got it, boss.”

Reader’s Companion

1. Finding November is about relationships and the importance of family. What is Sarah's relationship like with her family? Mom? Gram? How was Noah's relationship with his parents?

2. Compare the siblings that Noah grew up with to Sarah being an only child. How did it shape them?

3. If the time periods were reversed (Noah's family in 1990s and Sarah in 1930s), how do you think the families would've done? Would things be the same or different? Why?

4. Noah's journal played an important role in story. In what ways did it affect Sarah and her decisions? How did it impact Noah as an adult?

5. When April died, she left the journal to Sarah. Why do you think she chose to do this over passing it on to her other siblings? How does this relate back to Emma and Karla's relationship?

6. Given the series of events, do you think November Greene wanted to be found? Why or why not? 

7. How is segregation presented in story? Does it limit itself to racism?

8. How do the following emotions affect both Sarah and Noah throughout the story: isolation, kinship, despair, and atonement?

9. How do the things that Sarah and Noah consider to be true change or stay the same throughout story?

10. In what ways do Sarah and Noah's internal assessments of themselves change? And how others perceived them? 


Owning it:

Research a relative from the era of the Great Depression. Who were they? How old were they at this time? Where did they live? Who else was in their family? How did their family’s size affect their outcome or the family’s decisions? What can you learn from them? Can you incorporate anything into your family or daily life? Share your discoveries with others in your group. 
