

Rage !



A Novel by
G. Lusby



Published by Gary Lusby at Smashwords

Copyright 2011 Gary Lusby


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


To my loving mom Alice




CHAPTER 1


He parked the car overlooking the bluffs and gazed out over the horizon, staring at the point where the blue of the ocean met the red of the sky.  The setting sun had cast a glorious bright hue over the white clouds of the ending day as their color slowly mellowed from a fiery red to a pale pink with each passing moment.  As the beautiful colors of the sunset disappeared, the glow of the moon took over and lit up trails in the water as the surf crashed unmercifully against the coldness of the empty beach.  The sound echoed up the cliffs and throughout the stillness of the night with a calming peaceful effect.  It was just what he needed to bring his mind at ease after leaving the house in a rage over what had just happened, another afternoon of witnessing the pain and sorrow of his mom.
Jay Carlton had just turned sixteen eight days earlier and wasn’t supposed to be driving alone without an adult in the car but needed to escape and be alone to vent the raging anger that increasingly bottled up inside of him every time he was home.  He just couldn’t stand the sounds of his mother screaming in pain, the slapping of his father’s open hand smacking her cheek, the thump of her helpless body hitting the floor as she pleaded for the relentless attack to stop.  It was just a repeat of so many previous nights throughout his childhood that rang in his head time and time again.
Being alone was his only remedy, but up until now his only escape was in his own room with the door closed and his head buried beneath the night time covers.  Sometimes the radio or television could drown out the sound of her pleading screams but most of the time crying himself to sleep under the covers was the only relief from the reality of his true-life nightmare.  But now, on this night, he could finally leave and really be alone without muffling the horror.
It wasn’t something that just started happening; he had grown up living with this abuse for as long as he could remember.  Even as a toddler he could remember running and hiding behind the large blue sofa that was against the living room wall; curling up in a ball as the crying got louder and louder with each punch of pain.  He didn’t understand why his mother cried all the time or why his father beat her with his fists, but he knew even at that young age he couldn’t stay in the room and watch.  The blue sofa became his safe-haven as he hid in the darkness of its shadow with his hands covering his ears to bring silence to the screams.  Let it end, he would say to himself as he wanted so desperately to hear the sound of silence; the quiet still of a peaceful house wasn’t too much to hope for but then again it was.  He hated it then and he hated it now.
He stared out over the glistening water as the light of the moon lit up the constantly moving surface as he took a deep breath.  He remembered all the conversations with his mother as he tried to understand why she let this happen every month or so, but her reply was always the same, she loved him and that’s all there was to it.  How could she love someone who repeatedly left his mark over her body, or was this the way love was supposed to be?
A tear ran down his cheek as it had so many times over the years.  He loved his mom so very much and hated his dad just as much.  As the years had progressed he thought it was just the alcohol that made his dad so violent, so mad and angry with the world, but he knew different now because there were so many times lately when there was no alcohol, no excuse for the beatings, no predictable factor that led to this abuse.  At this point he knew it was just his dad and that’s just the way he was, an abusive individual who had to be in complete control of every situation; never the follower, always the leader.
The one thing Jay knew was that he didn’t want to grow up to be like his dad.  So many other kids idolized their fathers and wanted to be just like them, but that was the last thing he wanted.   He had decided a few years ago that what he wanted most was to be big enough and strong enough to one day punish his father the same way his mother had been punished for all these years.  The joy of hearing his father scream and cry for mercy as he lay on the floor anticipating the next brutal punch, begging for the beating to stop, pleading for it all to come to an end.  That’s what he wanted most!



CHAPTER 2


Jay Carlton loved being sixteen, loved his newfound freedom with his license, and on the outside was a great kid with a great personality.  He was exactly six-feet tall with short-cropped dirty blonde hair, hazel-green eyes, a bright white smile, and a personality that rewarded him with a ton of friends.  He was one of the most popular guys at school, always had been, and it didn’t hurt that he was captain of the varsity football squad in one of the most coveted positions, star running back.  The amazing thing was that through all of his growing years he was able to keep all of his friends away from his house.  He didn’t want to be there himself, so he certainly wasn’t about to bring his friends around for fear they too would witness the wrath of his father.  He just developed a knack for always inviting himself over to someone else’s house before they could ask to join him at his.  Unfortunately he would have loved for them to have met his mom; he was her pride and joy and she would have loved to be more a part of his social life, but she knew the circumstances and she knew the role she was forced to play.
Donna Carlton was a small-framed woman who stood about five-foot five with long dirty blonde hair like her son, that she almost always had pulled back on her head and tied in a knot.  Jay used to love when his mother would dress up to go out and let her hair down over her shoulders; she was so beautiful, he loved looking at her especially when she smiled.  But the sad part was rarely could she let her hair down, rarely could she go out to dinner or the movies or even out in public due to the fact that makeup just wouldn’t cover all the bruises and swelling of her last beating.  She’d sit home locked inside the house with their dog Goldie, the only living thing she could tell all of her problems to that she knew wouldn’t go any further.  They purchased the golden retriever as a pup, just eight weeks old, when Jay turned four and the two of them have grown up side by side, best friends.
Jay wanted so often through the years to talk to someone about the abuse but he knew he would probably hurt his mom by telling the truth.  She loved her husband so much and Jay just couldn’t understand why, just that she needed him in her life.  So the love he had for his mom kept their household tragedy a secret; or almost a secret.
When Jay turned fifteen he met someone that was just like his mom, sweet, beautiful, and crazy about him.  Her name was Michele Somerset and from the moment he laid eyes on her he was reminded of his mom.  It was uncanny but it was just the way she carried herself, the way she treated him, the way she talked to him, the same as his mom.
Michele came into his life as a fourteen year old cheerleader whom he first laid eyes on at cheerleader tryouts that spring.  He was on the field at football practice and like all the other guys was paying more attention to the girls trying out than to the plays they were trying to run.  Her long blonde hair was pulled back on her head and tied in a ponytail like every other girl at the tryouts, but on this day a photographer was on field taking pictures of each of the girls for publication in the upcoming school gazette.  He watched intently as she took the band out of her hair and let it fall down over her shoulders cascading down the front of her.  She was beautiful, just as his mom was beautiful when she let her hair down. 
She’d occasionally glance over at the football players with that adoring smile of hers and Jay just smiled back with the hopes she was looking at him.  All the girls on the squad were pretty and looked adorable and sexy in their little short-skirted outfits as they jumped, twirled, and spun through their routines.  He only hoped she would make it and accompany the team on all their games throughout the season.  And she did.
They met just before the beginning of the football season and immediately fell for each other.  She was fourteen and he was fifteen and she had not yet begun to date.  She lived with her divorced mom not far from him and had only moved into the community over that summer so she didn’t have many friends except her fellow cheerleaders.
He asked to meet her mom and they too hit it off right from the start.  She was very hesitant letting her only daughter go out with a football jock but Jay’s manners, mature-nature, and general personality won her over within a few weeks. 
From that moment on they were inseparable.  She was also mature for her age and he guessed it was also because of her family life or lack of.  Her dad had been in the service, the Air Force, and for many years they had traveled around the country trying to settle wherever he was stationed.  It was a cruddy life for a young girl picking up and moving from one school district to another but it was necessary to stay together as a family.  Her mom struggled with a professional career as a psychologist which became increasingly difficult while constantly moving from state to state.
About two years earlier when she was twelve, just going on thirteen, her parents separated.  Her mom was fed up with the life of a travelling Air Force wife because it seemed quite clear to her that the service was more important to him than family.  He spent most of his time on base so their personal life was one of passing in the night rather than a life of family time and sharing.  As they grew further and further apart her mom saw the rut she was in and hated her life and the life Michele had been handed.  She figured they were both better off without him allowing them to settle down in one community with her bringing up her daughter alone.  A young teenage girl needs some stability in life; she needs a good foundation of friends, school life, and home life, not the continuous packing and moving every year.  She also wanted to finally pursue her own interests and put her career aspirations out there to help other people with problems.
Michele hated when her parents broke up but agreed with her mother that they needed to have some place to call home for more than a year or two.  She wanted to spend her teen years forming close relationships with other girls and meeting guys and having fun; none of which she experienced to this point.
Michele’s mom, Patty, was extremely similar to Jay’s mom and that’s what he loved so much about her.  She was pretty, had a great personally, loved her daughter immensely, and was fun to talk with.  Of course the one big difference was that her mom didn’t have a man beating on her every other day.  She could go out of the house anytime, she could take part in school activities, she could entertain her friends and her daughters, she could have a full life inside and outside the home which his mother couldn’t.
It was something he wished for every time he saw her mom, something he wanted in his life, something he desperately needed to make things perfect.  But he knew as long as his dad was around that wouldn’t happen.  His mom was a prisoner in her own home and his dad controlled everything.



CHAPTER 3


By the time his sixteenth birthday came he and Michele had been seeing each other for almost two years.  She was now a junior in school and head cheerleader while he was a senior and captain of the football team.  They were the perfect couple and had tons of friends, but regardless of their popularity they spent most of their time alone savoring the company of each other.
She was the one person he could talk to and confide in; she was the one person he could pour his heart out to, and she was the person who helped him most to cope with his problems.
She hadn’t known about his situation at home for too long, he only told her after they had gone together for about a year.  Sure she had met his parents on two occasions and everything seemed fine because of those few times he caught his dad in a good mood but he continually made up excuses for not going over his house by just saying he loved spending time at her house with her mom.  She of course loved that because she and her mom were so close, especially over these last two years having just each other to talk with.  She did see her dad maybe twice a year when he would find the time to ‘drop by’ on her birthday or at Christmas time, but other than that she was perfectly content to have it just her and her mom.  In the two years they had been together Jay had seen her form quite an animosity towards her dad, not forced on her by her mom, just formed by a young mature teen growing up and seeing the sad face of reality.
Many times when they were alone Michele could sense that something was wrong, something was eating away at Jay but she just couldn’t get the truth out of him no matter how much she tried.  Finally, sitting down her basement one evening he just broke down and began to cry on her shoulder.  It was then that he leaned on her strengths by telling her of his dilemma at home.  He just knew that he was reaching the breaking point and just needed to get all this built up anger out in the open and she was the only one he could confide in.
They spent nearly three hours that night talking about his situation at home with Michele not only offering encouragement but advice on how to cope with the situation by getting things off his chest.  It was just what he needed.  She was just what he needed.
The entire evening brought them closer together than ever before.  He knew how close she was with her mom but made her promise not to pass their conversation on to her.  He didn’t want her mom to approach his with any friendly advice, so she kept his secret and continued to always be there for him whenever his home life became unbearable.
One of their conversations centered on hitting and physical abuse in general.  Neither of her parents had ever laid a hand on her or each other so she had never witnessed any physical abuse through her entire family life.  Jay admitted that his father had never laid a finger on him but of course more than made up for it by punishing his mom at every opportunity.
Michele, with her inexperience at seeing abuse, would often ask Jay why he thought his dad needed that as part of his life.  Jay’s answer was always the same.  His dad was a control freak.  He needed to be in charge of everything and everyone no matter what the situation.
He remembered when he was growing up and started taking part in sports, something his dad encouraged him to do to give him that competitive edge that he needed in life.  Jay started in the pee-wee leagues when he was eight years old in all three sports that he was interested in playing, baseball, football, and soccer.  At that age the basic principle and purpose of the league is to teach kids the fundamentals of the game while at the same time building their confidence.  Confidence that kids of that age don’t have when it comes to getting a hardball thrown at them, getting tackled carrying the football, and kicking a soccer ball to other teammates.  The object is for the coaches to get all the kids in the game thus instilling in them teamwork, sportsmanship, and the feeling of winning and losing.  But in so many instances his dad couldn’t just sit in the stands like other parents watching their son’s developments and relying on the coaching staff to teach him.  First he would start yelling comments from the stands which not only irritated the coaches but the rest of the parents sitting in the stands.  At every practice it didn’t take long before the focus shifted from the action on the field to the action in the stands where his dad was in a skirmish with another parent for yelling and totally disrupting the practice session.  Before long he was on the field yelling and fighting with the coaches to the point that Jay’s mom stopped coming to the games due to total embarrassment for herself as well as Jay.  Jay started being ridiculed by the other kids who asked him why his dad was such a loud mouth and why he and his whole family couldn’t just quit the team and stay home.  As usual, Jay’s dad wasn’t in charge of the situation so he just couldn’t stand it, so as time went on Jay was eventually left off the teams because they just didn’t want to put up with his dad.
Jay of course was the one who suffered the most and never really understood how his dad made it this far in life with his personality and control problems.  His mom continually tried to make it a 50/50 relationship whereas they both contribute equally and share responsibilities, but he wouldn’t have that, he needed to be 100 percent in charge and in control; he is the man of the house and she is the woman, the inferior of the two; she has her chores to do and he is the master of the domain.  Her only relief from her household chores was the time she spent in her gardens around the house; gardens that for most of the year were filled with vibrant colorful flowers that she watered and nurtured under her watchful eye.  Outside the house she felt free of him and his demanding ways; a place where she could escape this evil man while hiding his vicious beatings within the confines of her own yard.
Michele could always see how filled up he got when he started into those conversations and how bitter he was towards his dad.  The one good thing she could sense was that Jay would never follow in his father’s footsteps; he’d never be that person who had to be in charge, who stepped on everyone in his path to the top.  She knew Jay would be the opposite.  In so many instances you hear of people growing up in battered homes who bring those traits into their own homes when they mature, but that wasn’t the case here.
As time went on she learned never to bring up the subject unless she saw in his eyes that he needed someone to talk with.   He gradually learned to not keep everything bottled up inside but to use her as a platform to vent his anger for his father, a man he grew to hate.
As the school year progressed Jay and Michele became closer and closer both in school and out.  They spent an enormous amount of time in her basement not only talking but getting to know each other very intimately.  Her mature body presented an adventure for him that took him places he had never been before; they would lie on the couch for hours eyes locked together while their hands explored every inch of each other.
There were times when they would spend almost every minute together and hardly have time for any other friends in their lives.  Michele’s mom often talked to her about the situation and although she thought the world of Jay and thought he was perfect for her daughter, she wanted Michele to meet other people or just hang out with the girls.  That was just part of a teenager’s life and that was the main reason she divorced her husband so they could settle down and Michele could live life as a normal teen.  Even Jay’s mom tried to intervene a little because Jay just wasn’t home much anymore except to shower, change clothes, and sleep.  She missed seeing her son but knew he was happy with Michele so she accepted the fact that it was all part of her letting him grow up.
Jay missed seeing his mom too but was torn between seeing as much of Michele as he could or seeing his mom and putting up with his dad the few times that he was around.  Jay remembered when he was younger how they tried to do so many things as a family but they always ended up coming home early because his dad was mad about one thing or another.  It didn’t matter what they were doing his dad always found a way to ruin everything.  Even if his mom was attempting to do something nice and thoughtful for him like offering to drive for a while or offering to pay for something…boom, world war three would erupt because now suddenly his dad wasn’t good enough to drive the car or his dad didn’t make enough money to support his family.  I don’t know why Mom just didn’t learn to keep her mouth shut and let him do everything, but I think it took her many, many years to alter her personality and adjust to his ways.  At a young age Jay had fond memories of both his parents and how theirs seemed like such a happy family; but that was all short-lived, ruined by his alcohol-drinking father who went from spending all his spare time with his family to staggering in every now and just getting something to eat or demanding something from his ungrateful wife.
From what he remembers the abuse started verbally when he was about twelve years old.  His dad had worked his entire life on an assembly line at the local automobile plant and was let go for what they called a cost-cutting measure.  So many of the plant’s long time employees were just asked to leave because their jobs were just outdated; they were gradually being replaced by robotic arms that could do the work twice as fast and with more precision.  So his dad and so many of his fellow workers were just put out on the street, given severance pay, back vacation pay, and that was it.  It was then that his dad started going to the bars with the other workers; they’d spend a few hours a day trying to find a job and the other half of the day downing drinks to quench their sorrows.  His casual drinking soon developed into a need that he couldn’t control.
As time passed and the job possibilities disappeared he began to drink more and then come home to take it out on his wife, never the son, only the wife.  It started with casual criticisms about the house not being as clean as it used to be, or dinners being too little or too late, or the weight she had gained.  Then the criticisms led to demands.  Do this for me, do that for me.  All the while he would just sit on his bottom and watch her run around pleasing his every whim.  He just became a complete control freak.  He had lost his job as the breadwinner of the family and the fear was instilled in him that this would be the beginning of many things going wrong in his life.  If he didn’t attend to every detail of everything that surrounded him it would all go wrong and the blame would be placed on his shoulders.  This was the beginning of his downfall and the slow deterioration of their family unit.
Jay tried desperately as he was growing up to understand his dad’s problems by giving him the benefit of the doubt.  He had lost his job and was suffering emotionally from that trauma; he had worked his entire life at that plant and they let him go in a split second without the slightest remorse or compassion.  He thought he was just more than just another employee or just a number in the files, but that turned out to be wrong.  Jay could certainly understand his frustration with the entire situation but he just couldn’t understand the reason for taking it out on his mom.  As Jay grew older his memories of hiding behind the blue couch or cuddling in the corner with Goldie reminded him that the abuse was both verbal and physical long before he had remembered.  His maturity taught him to walk away from the abuse; it was much easier to walk away than to see and hear his mother’s anguish.



CHAPTER 4


Growing up in a house of abuse floods the mind with memories that are horrid and unforgettable.  Images constantly circle in your head as you visualize the incidents of abuse both verbally and physically every time you look in your father’s direction.  Through his actions he has trained you to hate him; he has trained you to fear him and to do what he says because you know if you don’t you will pay the price.
As a young boy Jay doesn’t remember a childhood of fun times at the park or hours in the back yard playing games; he remembers the pain his father inflicted on his family every day in some way.  He watched his mother being trained as a servant and obedient wife who did as she was told and obeyed the rules set down by this tyrant of a man.  Simple things like a slap on the back of the head for not answering quickly enough, or turning off the hot water in the house to punish us for not having his dinner ready in time, or smashing our belongings because his slippers weren’t put in front of his chair for him to put on while he watched television.  He remembered his mom coming to breakfast with a red face and soaking wet hair because his dad woke her up by throwing a pitcher of water in her face and slapping her silly.
But it wasn’t just the physical abuse that was taking its toll; it was also the verbal abuse that filled the air continually inside the house and out.  Growing up in a home of verbal abuse instills a never ending fear that runs through your body whenever the abuser is around; when he walks in the room you shiver, cower down, and wait for that command you know is coming.  When he comes home from work it isn’t hi honey how was your day, it’s always something negative or derogatory to degrade and punish.  Why do have your hair up like that, you know I like it the other way!  Why did you fix this for dinner, you never ask me what I want!  How dare you not be here when I get home from work, you’re just wasting your day doing something useless as usual!  All the words are followed by the expected push or slap in the face, throwing something through the air, or dumping food down the sink.
And then there is the reasoning behind the violence.  I know you must do this because you enjoy being the victim!  You antagonize me to the point that you force me to get physical with you!  You do things on purpose because you want to be the center of attention!  
Jay lived a life of fear as he watched the abuse turn his mother into a nervous withdrawn individual who believed that this behavior was normal.  She really had been reprogrammed in her mind to believe that the things that happened were all her fault; that she was a forgetful, unreliable, lazy person who deserved every harsh word that was thrown at her.  She was the reason their home was always a disruptive chaotic scene and Jay took all this in as a child.  But even at his young age he knew the difference between right and wrong as well as the difference between a father and an abuser.  He witnessed time and time again the beatings his mother took, only to apologize for something she hadn’t done.
As he grew older and more responsible it became his turn to be ridiculed and subjected to the verbal abuse.  His mom would always step in to defend him which would ultimately lead to another slap in the face or punch in the stomach.  Jay had formed such a fear of his father that he’d spend most of his time in his room to escape witnessing the abuse or being blamed again for something he hadn’t done.  Even the dog couldn’t escape the wrath of his father by constantly being yelled at or put outside to suffer in the heat, cold, or rain; again an example of this unmerciful person showing who the master of the house was.
His memories of trying to be nice to his dad were few and far between.  He remembers how he felt on Father’s Day when he decided to treat his dad to breakfast in bed, only to have it thrown on the floor for waking him up too early, or making him a special birthday present that his drunken father smashed on the floor with his foot without even opening.  This was the type of man he grew up with and that is the man he grew to despise.
Jay grew up not only idolizing his mom but wanting so much more for her in life than she had.  He couldn’t imagine why she married this other person that lived with them and treated them so awful, but she continually said it was all about love.  
She grew up dreaming about her wedding day as most girls do, and knew in her heart that when she did fall in love and get married it would be forever.  She always told Jay they could have the perfect family if only she could make her husband happy, again blaming herself.
He remembered how his mom talked about waiting all her life for that special day with that special person; the day she would meet the man of her dreams.  As she finished school and college all her friends were getting married and her biggest fear became being the old maid of the group and she hated being alone.  Finally she met Don and it was just a whirlwind romance as they both fell in love at first sight; they met in December, got engaged in February, and were married by early summer, three weeks before her twenty-first birthday.  For the first three years the marriage seemed perfect and the romance just blossomed as each day passed.  Before she knew it she was pregnant and on their fourth wedding anniversary Jay was born and she just knew their marriage had reached perfection.
Jay remembers the first time his mom talked about abuse as she remembered a girlfriend who always seemed to be bruised on her face and hands, so much so that they used to call her clumsy since her excuse was always that she walked into open drawers or tripped walking down the steps.  She was a happy person with a great personality when she was out with the girls, but when she was with her husband she was an entirely different person, always quiet and never speaking unless spoken to.  The girls used to talk and were pretty convinced that things weren’t good in her marriage but the girl always denied everything and said her marriage was fantastic.  A few weeks later she committed suicide for no apparent reason.  Jay’s biggest fear was that the same thing would happen with his mom, she’d blame herself so much that she’d take her own life out of guilt.
Of course the reality of the situation was more likely that she would get killed rather than take her own life.  Time and time again the memories of her beatings filled his head as he laid down to go to sleep at night; memories of her doing the simple tasks of home life only to be punished by this monster of a man.
He remembered sitting on the back porch studying for school while his mom ironed his father’s shirts for the next day.  All of a sudden he heard a ruckus in the house and looked through the window to see his dad grab the shirt off the ironing board, slap her across the face, throw the iron on the floor and start strangling her.  He shouted that she was not ironing it properly and he didn't want to be embarrassed at work in a rumpled shirt.  Without hesitation she apologized for her mistake and promptly ironed the shirt again to his liking.  Jay just shook his head in disbelief wondering how she could put up again and again with his abusive ways.
There were many times when the abuse wasn’t physical or verbal but just plain punishing, meant to demean and ridicule her.  He can remember how he’d be up in his room studying and hear his mom’s car drive up from the grocery store only to look out and see his dad pulling her out of the car and throwing her to the ground for being late.  She’d plead that the traffic was awful but that didn’t stop him from kicking her in the stomach, grabbing her by the arm and telling her to get all the groceries in the house and get dinner started immediately.  There were many times that he’d just lock her out of the house if he got home first because she wasn’t there when he arrived.  Again she would plead with him to let her in and it wouldn’t happen again, but no matter what she did he made her suffer for things not being his way.  It was always his way or no way.  And it didn’t matter whether they were alone in the house or other people were there, he would ridicule and mock her in front of anyone telling her she was fat, ugly, stupid, lazy, and undeserving of someone like him; that she would never leave him because there was no one in the world who would want her or put up with her selfish ways.  The sad part was he convinced her that he was right.
Through those many years of growing up Jay saw his mom reduced to be her husband’s servant, housekeeper, and battering ram.  Someone simply to command and show he was in control, the boss, the man of the house, the person to respect and perform for.  His dad, the monster!



CHAPTER 5


It was on a cool October evening that Jay returned home from football practice to find his parents in a heated argument.  He had barely opened the door when he could hear his father screaming although the words were inaudible.
“But I do everything I can to have things ready on time,” his mother pleaded.  “It just doesn’t always work out right.”
“That’s not good enough,” his father screamed.  “You know by now that when I get home I expect a hot meal on the table at least within a half an hour after I get here.  Is that too much to ask?  You sit on your lazy ass all day long probably watching stupid soap operas when you should be cleaning this filthy house and getting dinner ready.”
Jay hesitated in the hallway as he glanced up the steps towards his room but knew he couldn’t get by the doorway without them seeing him.
“I do the best I can,” repeated his mother, “that’s all I can do.  You just expect too much from me, I’m not your slave you know!”
With that he heard the smack of his father’s hand against her cheek as he glanced around the corner to see her falling into the living room chair.  He watched his dad walk over to the chair, lean over, and start hitting her in the face as she covered up to protect herself.  Again and again he pounded her harder and harder with every swing as she cried for him to stop.
Jay couldn’t take any more.
“Dad, stop it!” he yelled as he ran towards his father and grabbed his arms from behind.  “That’s enough, cut it out.”
His father pulled his arms from Jay’s grip and spun around facing him.
“What do you think you’re doing Jay, grabbing me like that?  This is none of your business.  This is between your mother and me.”
 “It is my business Dad, that’s my mother you’re pounding on,” Jay answered as he moved towards his mom.
At that point his father reached over and pushed him back away from her and moved to stand in between the two of them.
“Oh so now you’re gonna’ push me around too!  It’s not enough you have to beat up on a woman, now you’re gonna’ push your son around too?”  Jay shouted back as he pushed his father to the side and bent down to help his mom.
His father backed off walking out of the room.
“You’re just a drunken loser who beats up on women!” Jay shouted as he watched the door shut to his parent’s bedroom.
“That’s enough Jay, let it go, I’m okay now,” said his mom as she grabbed his arm and pulled him back towards her.  “Leave him alone, he’s just drunk like usual.”
“Mom that’s no excuse, no excuse at all,” he said as he took her by the arm and led her out the front door to the porch.  They both sat down on the wooden swing that was suspended from the ceiling by chains.  “He has no right to hit you like that, I don’t care if he’s drunk or not.”
“Your father can’t help it Jay, he’s just depressed from being out of work and just doesn’t know what to do anymore.”
“So he beats up on his wife to pass away his idle time?” remarked Jay.
“Jay I’m okay.  I know your father and I know he’s really a good man deep down inside; he’s just thoroughly frustrated right now.”
Jay put both hands on his mother’s shoulders and turned her so they were facing each other.
“Mom this has been going on since I was a little kid.  Either he needs help or you need to get out of this marriage.  One of these days he’s going to hurt you really bad and then it will be too late.”
“Oh Jay dear, I couldn’t leave your father, that’s the last thing I’d do.”
“But why Mom, just what are you getting out of this marriage now except a fat lip once a week?”
“Jay he’s my husband and your father and he needs our support and understanding right now, not the two of us abandoning him.”
Jay slid back in the swing and turned away in disgust.  He paused and then faced her again.
“Mom you always have excuses for him and you just won’t admit that he has a problem.  Not an unemployment problem but a mental problem.”
“What are you talking about Jay, there’s nothing mentally wrong with your father.”
“Mom he’s been verbally and physically abusing you for years now and you just won’t admit it.  You won’t face the facts that you’re a battered wife just like that friend of yours that committed suicide.  He has a mental problem, a control problem.  He has to be in control, in charge of everything, no ifs, ands, or buts.  He is so insecure with himself that his only recourse is to take it out on you; to use you to vent his frustration and anger for his lack of control.  He beats on you to prove he’s in charge, it’s that simple Mom, why can’t you see that?”
Donna Carlton didn’t have an answer for her son’s logic which deep down inside she knew was correct.  She recognized the symptoms many years ago and had just been too afraid to admit the truth, but she also knew the man that she married and the father of her only child and she was not about to give that person up.  She’s willing to bite her swollen lip and say nothing in the hopes that it will get better, with the hope that it’s just a passing thing.  He’ll find a job and stop the drinking and everything will return to the way it was before this catastrophe happened.
Jay gave up, just as he had given up so many times before.



CHAPTER 6


The next day after school Jay couldn’t help but replay to Michele the story of what had happened the evening before.  He told her how he tried to rationalize with his mom and make her see what she had become, a battered wife.
“Jay I think you should talk to the school counselor and see if maybe she can help with the situation,” said Michele.
“I just don’t want this to become a public issue,” he said as he took her hand and squeezed it tight.  “I’ve trusted you with my problem but I don’t want it known around school or the community what kind of a man my dad has become.  It would hurt my mom even more and that’s the last thing I want.”
Michele agreed but knew deep down inside that there needed to be some intervention by someone or this situation would get way out of hand.  She didn’t want this to become one of those times that you look back and say why didn’t I do something before it was too late, but she also didn’t want to go against Jay’s wishes, so she backed off.

The next few weeks were as busy as they could get.  The football team was undefeated up to this point in the season and had two more tough games before the league championships and then the state finals.  There was no spare time for either of them between football and cheerleading practice every afternoon plus Jay studying for graduation finals and Michele studying for her SAT tests that all high school juniors had to take to apply to college.  They both had college in their plans but hadn’t decided yet on where they would be going.  Jay was hoping for a football scholarship to a really good college and Michele of course wanted to follow him there the next year.
With so much on his plate, there were many nights that Jay would leave football practice and head right over to the school library to study.  He had gotten in the habit of studying outside of his home since there were too many distractions.  There were just too many times when from his room he could hear the constant bickering of his dad picking on his mom for one thing or another.  He just couldn’t study in that environment.
On this night it was late; almost ten-thirty when he left the library, which remained open until midnight to accommodate the study habits of many of the graduating seniors, and headed home.  A smile came to his face as he pulled the car into the driveway and glanced back towards the garage to see that his dad’s car wasn’t there.
He opened the front door to the sound of silence which brought another smile to his face.  He’d have come home to study and spend some time with his mom if he had known his dad was out and about, but as he shut the door and walked down the short hallway to the upstairs steps he heard a sobbing sound coming from his mom’s bedroom.  
He approached the partially closed door and said in a low voice, “Mom is that you?  Is everything alright?”
He didn’t hear an answer so he pushed the door open to see his mom lying on her bed with her head on the pillow and her hands covering her face.  She was sobbing so loudly in her hands that she didn’t hear him come in.
“Mom, are you okay?” he said louder as he walked into the room and to the side of the bed.  He reached up and moved her tear-soaked hands aside.
Her face was a mess.  She had a fat busted lip that was still dribbling blood down her cheek and both eyes were swollen to the point that you couldn’t even see the whites of her eyes.
“Mom what happened?” he asked as he lay down beside her and pulled her into his open arms.  Jay knew what the answer to his question was going to be without even waiting for her answer.  “Did he beat you up again?”
She was almost too emotionally drained to even answer him.
“Son of a bitch…I’m going to call the police!” he said as tears began to stream down his face.
“No Jay don’t,” she finally said as she held him back from getting off the bed.  “Just hold me right now, please, just hold me sweetie.”
They both lay together as the tears finally subsided from both of their faces.  Jay knew it was a hopeless conversation but pleaded with his mother to let him call the police and have his father arrested.
“That won’t do any good dear; in fact it’ll do more harm than good.  Besides, it’ll become public at that point and your father will never find a job with that on his record.”
“Mom I can’t believe you.  Here you are lying in bed with two swollen eyes and a busted lip and all you can think about is what will happen to him.  What about you?  How can you let this man that you call your husband continue to do this to you time and time again, while you continue to make excuses for him?  I just don’t understand it.”
There was silence from her as she listened but just rested her head on his chest and held him tight.  He knew at that point that she wasn’t going to get any help from anyone; she was just going to continue to take the abuse and immediately forgive him each time.  He knew that the only way he could help his mom was to get her someone to talk to; someone with authority that would listen and try to rationalize with her.
The next day he spoke with his football coach and told him he needed to miss practice that afternoon to take care of some personal business.  He made an appointment with the school counselor.
He was happy that the counselor, Mrs. Drake, was a woman and hoped that would help her understand his mom’s problems.  They sat for almost an hour as Jay just poured out all his frustrations and stories surrounding his home life.  It took a lot of courage for him to talk to anyone about this except Michele, especially someone he had met on several occasions but of course didn’t feel close enough to be speaking of personal family problems.  But Michele had insisted that this was the perfect person to start with, so here he was.
“Your family is definitely in need of some professional help Jay,” Mrs. Drake answered at the conclusion of his long story.  “But unfortunately I am not the person who can give you that help.  If your father was physically abusing you then I could help, but since that isn’t the case my hands are tied.  As school counselor I can deal with the problems of my students and take it into their home life if they are being mistreated in any way, but when it comes to other family members, such as your mom, I can’t help you.”
“And that’s it?” he asked.
“Well no, I can certainly recommend some professional help outside of school.  I have many contacts throughout the community and would be happy to….”
Jay interrupted her by getting up from his chair and pushing it back underneath the desk.
“Thanks Mrs. Drake, but no thanks,” he said in disgust.  “I didn’t want to come here but was talked into it by a close friend because I didn’t want my personal life known to the world; I wanted to keep it personal.  I thought talking to you would do just that, keep it within my comfort zone and that you could talk with my mom and give her some professional advice; but taking this outside of school is definitely not the answer I wanted to hear.  Thanks for your time.”
She tried to stop him but he continued to walk out of the office ignoring her pleas to come back.  He now knew that if his mother was going to get help he needed to do it himself.



CHAPTER 7


In the next few weeks Jay tried to be at home more than usual to not only help her but to make sure she didn’t receive any more beatings.  He knew she wouldn’t be leaving the house with her face swollen so he made sure he was there to run any chores she needed.
His father was away more than home and when he was there he usually stayed in the den watching television or reading the paper.  The three of them did eat dinner together whenever possible as his dad would try to mask their existence by making small talk centered on Jay’s football and future college career.  For his mom’s sake he put up with the conversations and was congenial to his dad but that’s where it ended; all he had to do was look over at his mom to be reminded of the man his dad really was.
On one particular night it was just him and his mom having a nice dinner when looking into her eyes just aroused the anger within him.
“Mom I just can’t take this situation any more.  I need to take charge of the situation and get you the help you need to stop him from beating you.  There are professional people out there just waiting to help people like you.  You’re not alone, you don’t have to live your life like this and just be a punching bag in his life; no person should have to live like that.”
But as usual it all went on deaf ears as she reiterated her same excuses and again pleaded to let the whole thing pass.
“Mom, how can I let the whole thing pass?  How can I come home every night and see your battered face and do nothing?  How can we eat dinner as a family when this man sits across from us that has beaten your face to a pulp and chooses to just talk about himself and his problems?  He is a self-centered bastard that cares only about himself and his own well-being.”
She was silent as she listened to his pleas.
“Mom I’ve been reading up on this at the library and you’re not alone.  You know there are millions of women out there who are battered by their spouses every day.  They say that a woman whose life is thoroughly, extensively, and completely controlled by a man is a battered woman and her behavior is purposely altered to suit the man’s desires while they continue to live in a family-style relationship.  Mom, that’s you!”
Still silence as she stares down at her food plate.
“Mom, admit it to me.  Admit that he’s physically violent with you and uses threats to ensure that you do what he wants you to do.  And I don’t care if he slaps you, hits you, grabs you, pushes you, chokes you, throws something at you, or just screams obscenities at you, that’s battery and you should not allow him to do that.  Is that why he married you, to have someone to beat up on?  Was that part of your marriage vows?  Mom, please listen to me, for your sake as well as my sake, get some help…please?”
She raised a fork full of food to her mouth as she slowly shook her head no.
Jay knew there was no way she would agree or give him permission to get her the help she needed.  He would have to act on his own, against her will.
Without much hesitation on his part he asked Michele if they could talk to her mom about his situation and she agreed it would be the best thing he could do.  She just knew her mom would be more than supportive.
Patty Somerset had dealt with quite a few cases of physical abuse in her short time as a professional psychologist.  Traveling throughout the country as a military wife had left little time for her to set up a practice and establish her name in a community but she had dealt quite extensively with the other military wives who suffered through trying times dealing with a military husband.
Jay told her his story with tears in his eyes and a heavy load on his heart.  He loved his mother so very much and had formed such a hatred for his father that he didn’t have to say too much for that to become evident.
Patty listened to every word he had to say while occasionally grabbing and squeezing his hand for comfort.
“I’m glad you decided to take Michele’s advice and confide in me,” her mom said as he ended his story.  “I’ve witnessed a lot of abuse, both verbal and physical, since I got out of college with my degree and your mother’s case is a textbook case of the battered woman syndrome.  From what you’ve told me I don’t believe your father’s problems stem solely from his drinking but from a total insecurity within himself.”
“That’s exactly what I’ve said to my mom a dozen times,” agreed Jay.  “Sure the drinking instigates his problem, but his problem is that he is a control freak, a person that feels he has to be in charge of the situation or he panics.”
“I’m impressed with how much you’ve read up on the subject, and you’re perfectly right.  His fear of losing control of any situation stems his impulse to immediately take charge of a situation by being forceful.  Unfortunately for your mom she is the one he most frequently takes control of.”
“Do you think maybe you could talk to her and try to reason with her to do something before she gets hurt really bad?”
“Absolutely Jay, I’ll give her a call tomorrow morning and see if she’ll have lunch with me.  I don’t want to scare her off so I’ll plan the lunch around our children’s relationship; I’m sure she’ll meet me to talk about that,” she said with a slight smirk on her face.
Michele and Jay looked at each other with a smile and shrug of the shoulders.



CHAPTER 8


Patty Somerset and Donna Carlton met at a small local deli that was quaint, out of the way, and had booths in the back for total privacy.  Patty had eaten there quite a few times with clients and it was the perfect place to have a quiet lunch with minimal interruption.  Donna had agreed to meet with her to discuss the relationship because her wounds had mostly healed and she wasn’t afraid to go out in public, but Patty could definitely see through the makeup and see that the wounds were still there.
They ordered lunch and talked idle chatter for a while so Patty could let Donna feel more relaxed with her.  They spoke highly of each other’s child and were equally happy the two of them were together.  The discussion shifted to Donna and her love of gardening around the house but as the discussion finished and their drinks were refreshed by the waitress, Donna thought the time was right to talk about the family situation.
“Donna as you may or may not know I’ve become very close to your son Jay since he and Michele spend so much time at the house.  He’s a wonderful boy and I couldn’t be happier that Michele picked such a great guy to get close with.  I will say I was a little skeptical at first, especially when I heard he was the star running back on the football team.  I thought, oh no, a high school jock with a big head and a big ego, I’m not so sure that’s who I want my only daughter to be going out with.  But, to my surprise, he’s one of the sweetest, gentlest people I have ever met.  I have to tell you you’ve done a wonderful job raising him.”
“Well thank you Patty, I appreciate that.  His dad Don and I have tried our best to bring him up as a person with good manners, clean standards, and a good head on his shoulders, so thank you for the kind compliments.”
“As I said I’ve become very close with Jay and over the past few months I’ve witnessed not only his success on the football field but his joy at graduating and moving on to college.  But also during that time I’ve noticed a definite difference in him, one of depression and anger.”
She could sense the discomfort as she noticed Donna wiggling in her seat as the conversation continued.
“With the help of Michele, who is the only person in the world that Jay has confided in, your son has told me about the situation in your home.  Now before you get mad with him Donna, hear me out.  If you only knew how much time it took Michele to talk him into approaching me you’d realize how very protective he is of you and the problems you both face.  He’s a fine young man who idolizes his mother, the most important person in his life.  He wouldn’t do anything to hurt you and he certainly wouldn’t do anything behind your back or against your wishes.  But this time he felt compelled to.”
Donna was silent and visually uncomfortable.
“I am a licensed psychiatrist and have dealt with many cases of abuse through the years so I understand both your fear and your hesitation in seeking help; but I’d like to just use the rest of our lunch here to talk to you about your problem and what I think we can do to help.  If you don’t want my help when we’ve finished, then the subject will be closed and of course as a professional our conversation will go no further than this table.  Okay?”
“Okay,” Donna replied softly as her eyes never left her plate.
“Donna this is a classic case of power.  Your husband lost the job he has held since high school, one that he has poured his entire life into, only to have the rug pulled out from under him.  Mentally that was catastrophic to him; something he didn’t know how to deal with.  He felt he had lost control of his life so he turned to something he knew he had full control of and that was you.  First off, one of the most effective ways to overpower another person is to keep them from having contact with others.  By systematically severing your relationships with friends and other community people he has insured to himself that you have little or no support against him.  Is that a true situation with you?”
“Yes.”
“By doing that he knows that he has full control of your world, that you have no one else to turn to but him.  Next he blames you for everything that happens and provokes you every chance he gets.  He has been raised to believe that women are inferior to men and they have a certain purpose in life and that purpose is to serve the man.  He feels that by being tough with you he proves that he is in charge.  I’m sure there is much more verbal abuse than there is physical and there probably isn’t a day that goes by that he doesn’t put you down or call you a name to insult your intelligence and break your self-esteem.  It eventually gets to the point that the woman really feels the abuse whether verbal or physical is her fault and she deserves it.  Have you reached that point yet?”
“I’m not sure.”
“Well according to Jay you’ve reached that point.  He tells me how you won’t go out of the house, you take up for his father no matter what he has done to you, and you take the abuse as if it is something that you had coming.  Now I’m not sure why you don’t want help with this situation but I’m sure it’s either because you think if you call the police they will slap him on the wrist and let him go and you’ll pay the consequences when he gets home, or you’re afraid that if he is put in jail you’ll be lost and no one else would ever want you or want to associate with you for what you’ve done.  Or, you’re doing it because of Jay, your only child that you don’t want deprived of a father figure.  Well let me put the last one to rest, Jay hates his father.  Jay would be ecstatic if his dad left and never returned because of the way he has treated you.  Have you sensed that at all?”
“Yes I have.  I’ve certainly heard the horrible things Jay has called his father and I hate the way he talks about him, but again, he is his father.”
Patty could sense that Donna was finally tired of masking the abuse and beginning to open up to her a little bit; which is all she wanted at this point, a little bit.
“I know Don is his father and the only biological father Jay will ever have, but is that worth the mental anguish Jay is going through now.  His mother is the one thing in life that he idolizes and this man called his father is beating her up every chance he gets.  How could Jay do anything but hate this person?  You need to think of the one person in this world that means the most to you and that’s your son.  The first thing you need to do is get away from this man.  It’ll be tough at first because you’ll be lost and constantly looking over your shoulder or out the window to see if he’s there; or you’ll jump nervously every time the phone rings or panic at the sound of the doorbell.  But believe me those reactions will eventually pass.  The fear of him will eventually pass and you’ll realize the serenity and peacefulness of being alone without him.  But for your sake and for Jay’s you have to take that first step and get away from him.”
“I just don’t know if I can do that?”
“Because you feel you’re not strong enough or because you’re afraid of him?” Patty asked as she intently watched Donnas’ face to see her reaction.
“I don’t know, I guess both,” she answered finally looking over at Patty.  “I’ve just been with him so long and can’t imagine him not being there.”
“Not being there to hug you or not being there to hit you?”
“He’s not really that bad all the time.”
“Listen to what you’re saying Donna,” Patty said as she reached across the table and wrapped her hands around Donnas’.   “You’re making excuses for him beating you up.  You’re defending him for what he does.  He has succeeded in making you his puppet, not his spouse that he cherishes, but his puppet that he controls and commands.  You have to admit to yourself first that you’re an abused battered wife and he is the abuser.  Just as he has taken control of you, you have to break out of this and retake control of your life; no one else can do this but you and you alone.” 
“Patty I just don’t know.  I love this man regardless of the things he does.  I married him 19 years ago because I fell in love with him and I’m still in love with him.  Is my life perfect?  No, definitely not.  I hate the things he does to me and the way he treats me but overall, he’s a good man, we have a wonderful son together that we’ve raised for 16 years now.  So why rock the boat and cause havoc in our lives.  I just don’t know, I’ll have to think about it for a while.”
“Well, like I said before it’s your decision, no one can make that decision but you.  Just think about it hard and long.  Try not to think about the hard times you’ll go through to get it done, just try to think about the happiness in your life and Jay’s life when it’s just the two of you and he can come home each night without the fear that he’ll find his mom lying beaten on the floor.”
Patty immediately changed the subject to try and calm things down and end their lunch on a positive note so that Donna wouldn’t fear another meeting with her in the future.  They hugged and parted ways with Patty hoping she would meet with Donna again to start the process of separation from this horrible man.



CHAPTER 9


For the next few weeks things seemed to be going great.  The Forest Lake Panthers had won two straight games thanks to the quarterbacking of their star senior Bobby Loess and the always exciting running of Jay Carlton their all-star running back.  With one more game to go before the championship the entire school was talking nothing but football; it seemed as if prom and graduation had taken a backseat to sports with the school on the brink of winning the state championship.
Michele and Jay were both on cloud nine seeing so much of each other since the cheerleading squad, which normally only cheered at home games, was now travelling with the team to every game to show as much support as possible.  They both found it hard travelling on the school bus together for away games, with him sitting with the guys and her sitting with the girls, but they managed to always keep each other within winking distance.
The success that the team was experiencing seemed to be having a great effect on Jay because all of his time was centered around school, the team, and of course Michele.  He hadn’t spent a whole lot of time around the house except to sleep, shower, eat breakfast, and run back to school, so every time he saw his mom she was smiling, happy, and verbally proud of her son the star athlete.  She, as many other mothers, was never in favor of her son playing football but he grew up around sports and just seemed to have a natural desire and instinct for the game.
The entire town was abuzz with excitement as Friday evening rolled around and the bleachers were overflowing with hometown fans eager for their Panthers to win their final home game and zoom into the playoffs.
Jay and the rest of the team had put in a lot of extra practice time this past week coming up with some unique plays that they hoped would get them past this team that had beaten them earlier in the season.
Michele’s mom always came to the games, more to watch her daughter than to follow the football game, but lately she had focused a lot of her attention to Jay, her daughter’s one and only.  She was proud of the fact that Michele had grown into such a well-rounded young lady and she really felt that Jay had played an important part in bringing about that last little part of maturity that she needed in her life.  Not that Jay was looked at as the father figure that Michele didn’t have, but solely as a strong male in her life to support her and lead her through these difficult high school years.  Being a psychologist she spent a lot of time preaching the do’s and don’ts of life to her daughter and her hope was that her talks made Michele think a little when difficult decisions were thrust in her direction.  She trusted Michele and she just hoped she could trust Jay as well.
At halftime the score was tied 24-24 and as he was leaving the field for the locker rooms Jay looked up in the stands seeing if he could spot Michele’s mom to give her a wave and thumbs up.  To his surprise instead he focused right in on his mom and dad in the stands, both standing and waving at him.  Jay was floored to say the least.  It was one thing to see his dad in the stands because every now and again he would show up when he was sober just to remind Jay how great he was, usually an embarrassing situation.  But his mom was a different story; she never came to the games because she just hated the brutal sport and was afraid of seeing him get hurt, yet here they were both in the stands together, rooting him on as a couple.  He waved back, gave them a big thumbs-up, and disappeared into the locker room with the rest of the team.
The adrenalin was flowing throughout his body like a jet stream; he could hardly catch his breath as he waited with the others to go back on the field for the second half.  He tried desperately to concentrate on what the coaches were telling them especially since they were going to use a few of the trick plays they had practiced in the upcoming half.  No matter how much the other teams had scouted them; they would never have seen these plays in action before.  He concentrated, but with a huge smile on his face. 
As they ran out on the field to begin the second half he couldn’t help but glance back over his shoulder into the stands to see if in fact they were still there together, and they were.
The excitement seemed to spark a fever in him just as if he were on a steroid high; all he wanted to do was get the ball and give everyone the show they had come for.  And that he did.
All three of the trick plays were executed perfectly with him scoring a touchdown in each case.  The final score was 48-27 and he was the star of the game, the hometown hero, and without a doubt the most valuable player of the season.  As he and Michele shared an on-field kiss he was swept off his feet and onto the waiting shoulders of his teammates as they carried him off the field to the cheers of the crowd.  Jay was caught up in the moment but couldn’t help steer his focus to that part of the bleachers where his parents were seated.  He witnessed them on their feet cheering and smiling as they watched the activities on the field, waving excitedly as he looked their way.  It made him feel good, very good.
The good feelings continued for the next few weeks as his trips home became more and more frequent because of the happy times.  His mom was smiling more, his dad was home more, and there were even times when he found them sitting side by side with his arm around her.  By the end of the second week of this his mom was asking him to invite Michele for dinner and this was one of the few times that Jay accepted her invitation.  They had a pleasant dinner, plenty of cheerful conversation, and his dad even helped with the dishes afterwards.
Everyone at school seemed to notice the change in Jay as his grades and test scores were elevating and at football practice he was totally focused.  Michele was especially happy because she just felt like she had the old Jay back again, she was so happy to see him smiling all the time again.
Jay spent a lot more time talking with his mom and found out that his dad had been offered a job at one of the local factories and that possibility seemed to spark the total change in attitude.  Now all they had to do was hope and pray that he got the job.
The Monday following that conversation with his mom, Jay got home early from school to do a little studying and freshen up before football practice.  It was an important practice because it was the last one before the first playoff game so the coach made it mandatory for everyone.
He walked in the kitchen to find his mom at the sink peeling potatoes for dinner.
“Hey Mom, how was your day?” he asked as he pulled up a chair at the kitchen table facing her.
“Fine dear,” she answered abruptly.
Jay noticed she didn’t spin around to talk with him as usual.  She was always so happy to see him that she usually dropped whatever she was doing and sat right down to spend a valuable minute with him.
“Is everything okay mom?” he asked.
“Sure Jay, everything’s fine.”
Knowing something had to be wrong he walked over to the kitchen sink area and turned her around by the arm.  He could see her eyes were red from crying and could plainly see that the side of her face was blood red from what looked to be a hand mark.  It was obvious to Jay that she had been slapped pretty hard.
“Oh Mom…not again.  Did he slap you?” Jay asked as he pulled her into his arms.
“Its okay sweetie, he was just upset because he didn’t get the new job,” she answered as she rested her head on his shoulders.
“Well that’s the pits that he didn’t get the job, but why does he have to take his frustration out on you?  Do you know why he didn’t get it?”
“They said they were afraid of his history of drinking.”
“Well, it’s his own fault then, but again, why punish you for that?  I really thought he had snapped out of this cycle of his but I guess it was just too much to expect him to change.  I hate this,” Jay said as he gave his mom a tight hug, rubbed the back of his hand down the side of her reddened face, and kissed her goodbye.  “If you sure you’re all right, I have to go to this mandatory football meeting; we’re making all of our plans for the playoff game Saturday.”
“No you go ahead sweetie, I’m fine,” she said as she pushed him towards the doorway and slapped him on the rear.
He looked back to see a welcome smile on her face.

The football meeting went fine with the team going over all the new plays as the coaches charted everything on the blackboard.  Once the plays were finalized they gathered outside on the field to walk through the plays since everyone was in street clothes and not padded up in uniform.  They found that walking through the plays in a kind of rehearsal allowed each player to take what they learned on the blackboard and apply it to the field in a slow repetitive routine.  By walking through the plays over and over again their hopes were that it would become routine once they suited up for a full blown practice.
As practice ended and they all said their goodbyes Jay strolled over to the bench to grab his duffel bag and head home.  Usually he’d be grabbing his gear and shuffling over to the cheerleader side to pick up Michele but tonight it was just the guys, no cheerleading practice.
Picking up his bag and turning towards the parking lot he glanced up in the stands and saw a lone figure in the bleachers.  It was his dad.
He started to turn and continue his pace towards the parking lot but he immediately thought of his mom and his blood began to boil.  He quickly turned his direction and headed straight for the bleachers looking intently at his father sitting there facing him.
He put one hand on the chain link fence surrounding the field and leaped over it in one giant stride pulling his duffel bag up and over behind him.  Taking two steps at a time he reached the row his father was at and threw his bag down to the ground.  He reached over and grabbed his father by the sides of his shirt and pulled him up close towards his own body.
“You son of a bitch,” he shouted as he shook his dad frantically.  “Why do you think you have the right to take all of your aggressions out on mom?  Why don’t you beat up on me for a while, or do you just beat on women?”
His father swirled his hands up from his side knocking loose the grip that his son had on his shirt.  He pushed Jay off to the side as he stepped down to leave the bleachers.
“Nothing to say for yourself Dad?  Can’t come up with an excuse for beating her up this time Dad?” shouted Jay towards his fathers’ back.
His father immediately spun around and took two steps back up to where Jay was.
“Listen here Jay, I am the man of the house and I will do whatever is necessary to remind everyone of that fact.  If your mother sees fit to get in my way or whine about one of her pitiful problems then as man of the house I’ll put her in her place.”
“Do you only pick on women?” Jay snapped back.
“Let me tell you something Jay,” said his father as he shook a finger in Jay’s face, “I have never, not one single time, every laid a hand on you and I will not do it now.  But let me tell you something, if you ever grab me like that again, or belittle me again in any way, you will be very sorry; or maybe I should say your mother will be very sorry!”
He turned quickly and glided down the steps towards the parking lot.  Jay sat down on the bleachers and kicked at his duffel bag as he watched his dad reach the lot, get in his car, and leave in a cloud of dust.  He sat there for the longest time just replaying the incident in his mind and wishing he had done more; wishing he had pounded his face the way his dad pounds hers.
Just then he was startled by a voice from the field.



CHAPTER 10


“Coach Jackson,” Jay said as he whirled around towards the voice.  “I didn’t see you down there on the field.”
“I was just leaving and saw your car still on the parking lot so I came back around to make sure everything was okay; that’s when I saw you up here.  Are you okay Jay,” the coach asked as he hopped the fence and walked up to the bleacher seats in front of Jay.
“Yeah I was just leaving when I spotted my father sitting up here and came up to talk to him, that’s all.”
“I noticed things seemed a little heated between you and your dad,” Coach said as he looked Jay in the eyes.  “I know it’s none of my business son but if you’re having some problems and you need someone to talk to, I’m always here for you.  I’ve raised three boys of my own so I know what it’s like to have problems and keep things bottled up inside of you.”
Jay was never at a loss for words with Coach but this time he just seemed tongue-tied.
“Look Jay, to be quite honest with you, I’ve noticed over the past month that you just haven’t been yourself on the football field.  Sure you make all the plays and get the job done for us, anyone in town will agree to that, but you’re just not focused like you used to be.  Now, over the past week that’s changed a little and right away I noticed it, you’re just a total player again; so what’s happening in your life that has you in a tailspin?”
Jay hadn’t confided in anyone except Michele, her mom, and the school counselor to this point but Coach was like a second father to him.  They had been together since Jay joined the varsity squad three years ago and Coach Jackson took him under his wing from the start and nurtured him along.
“It’s my home life coach, my family,” Jay said as he leaned over propping his elbows on his knees.
“Problems with your parents huh?” coach asked as he leaned over doing the same thing.
“No just my dad.  My mom is the greatest mom in the world, she’s my best friend; always has been, but my dad is just a turd.”
“Now I know from previous years that your father is a real head-case.  I know that from seeing him in the stands constantly yelling what plays we should run and what you should be doing all the time.”
“I know, he’s always been that way since I was little.  Whether I was playing football, baseball, soccer or anything, he would always be there trying to coach me and everyone else from the stands.  It was always so embarrassing.”
“Well it just shows he cares.”
“No coach it goes way beyond caring.  My dad’s biggest problem is that he has to be in charge of everything, he has to be the focal point of everything that’s happening around him.  If he’s not the center of attention and the one who is leading then he’s not happy.”
“Well some people are born leaders and some are born followers; I guess he’s a born leader.”
“He’s a born asshole that’s what he is,” Jay snapped as he kicked his duffel bag in disgust.
“Now Jay I hate to hear you talking about your father like that.  He may have some faults but he is your father, the only one you’ll ever have.”
“It goes way beyond that coach,” Jay said but stopped talking as he looked away.
“Talk to me Jay,” Coach pleaded as he put his hand on Jay’s shoulder.
“Promise this won’t go any further than the bleachers?”
“Sure thing,” Coach promised.
“He beats up on my mom.”
“All the time?” he asked.
“Whenever he drinks too much or just has an all around bad day he takes it all out on my mom and she just takes the beating and comes up with excuses as to why he did it.”
“Has this been going on for a long time?”
“Years and years.  I can remember as a little kid crouching down behind the living room sofa to try and drown out the screams from my mom.  I just hate what he does to her and I hate that she just takes it instead of calling the police on him.”
“Does he ever hit you?”
“Nope, has never laid a finger on me.  In fact, the incident in the stands when he was here was about as close to a confrontation as we have ever had.  I think he was really shocked that I grabbed him like that.”
“Have you thought about calling the police or talking to someone about this?”
“Sure I’ve thought of calling the police a hundred times, but my mom always begs me not to and I just wouldn’t want to do anything at all to make her life any more miserable; besides, she says she still loves him and wouldn’t think twice about leaving him.  Can you beat that?”
“If you want my opinion I think you should talk to someone about this before someone really, really gets hurt.”
“Well I take that back, I did talk to someone, or I mean someone talked to her.  My girlfriend Michele, on the cheerleading squad…?”
“Sure I know Michele,” he answered.
“Well her mom is a psychiatrist and the two of them talked over lunch one day.  I don’t think it did much good because Mom’s never done anything, but at least she talked about it.”
“How about the school counselor, Mrs. Drake, I’m sure she could help in some way?”
“Nope, I already talked to her and she can’t do anything about family problems like that.  I mean if it was me being beat up she could help, but not my mom.”
The coach stopped asking questions and the two of us just looked out onto the empty field of green.
“It’s been real nice having you back one-hundred percent the past week or so, what changed?” asked the coach.
“It just seemed like they were getting along so well.  My dad lost his job a few months ago and really hasn’t been able to find anything else; he’s become so discouraged that he drinks most of his idle time away.  Anyhow, he thought he found something and things really seemed good.  They came to our last game and seeing them in the stands together at halftime really pumped me up, it was great.  I was really psyched for the second half!”
“I’ll say so, you scored twenty-one points all by yourself,” Coach remarked.
“Anyway, it was just a matter of time I guess.  When I got home from the school the other day Mom was beat up again after he didn’t get the job, so things are right back to normal again.  That’s why I confronted him in the stands today, for beating her up again.”
The two of them continued to talk with Coach Jackson making suggestions and Jay turning them down because of not wanting to rock his mother’s boat any more than it was already.  His final words of the day were to call the police before something really awful happens and Jay blames himself for not doing anything.
They gave each other a big bear hug and Jay promised he wouldn’t let any of this interfere with the games coming up.  He would take out all his aggression on the other teams.



CHAPTER 11


It wasn’t late so Jay decided to stop by Michele’s house on the way home just to steal a much needed kiss.  It was so strange not seeing her at practice so he wanted to end the evening with her bright smile.
After answering a few questions from her mom about how things were going they retired to the front porch for that all important kiss of the night.  She too had missed seeing him but she was glad she didn’t have practice because it gave her and her mom some valuable one-on-one time.
“Are you okay,” she asked as they nibbled at each other’s lips in a playful fashion, “you seem bothered by something?”
Jay pulled away and walked over to the porch swing and sat down.
“He beat up on her again,” Jay answered abruptly.
“Oh Jay I’m so sorry.  Is she okay?”
“Yeah, he just slapped her around this time.”
“Was there a reason?”
“I guess because he didn’t get that new job he was hoping for.  I don’t know…he doesn’t really need a reason most of the time.”
The conversation really hung a cloud over their short meeting and Jay knew that wasn’t the purpose in stopping by, so he quickly ended the talk by pulling her down into the swing and planting a huge kiss on her to stop her from saying anything else.  Every time they pulled away and she started to say something he’d kiss her again.  She got the message and for another ten minutes they nurtured their long goodnight kiss.
Jay headed home and rolled his eyes as he pulled in the driveway seeing his father’s car there also.
“Damn he’s home,” he said out loud as he locked the car and headed into the house.
He prepared himself for a confrontation.
Walking into a house of silence was something he wasn’t used to, so he was immediately suspicious that something was wrong.  He turned the corner into the living room and found his mom lying on the floor unconscious.
“Mom, Mom, are you okay?” he yelled as he raised her head trying to get her to respond.
Blood was trickling from her mouth which scared him to death.  He could see she was breathing so he just knew she was hurt bad.
He raced to the phone on the kitchen wall and dialed 9-1-1 and told them to send an ambulance immediately.
He tried again to get her to come to but she was out cold and he didn’t want to move her in case something was broken.  He called out to his dad but didn’t get an answer.
He went racing into their bedroom and found his dad lying on the floor with an empty bottle of whisky beside him.
“You son of a bitch,” he yelled as he flung his father’s limp arm over causing him to roll over flat on his back.  “You just had to take our conversation out on her didn’t you?  I hate you, you bastard!”
Jay reared back and kicked his dad’s limp body in the side.  He did it again and again as his dad moaned from the immediate pain but was too drunk to awaken.
He was about to punch him in the face when he heard the siren of the ambulance coming down the street and turned his attention to his mom.
Running out the front door he met them and led them to the living room and his mom’s unconscious body.
They brought her to with some smelling salts and after working on her for about twenty minutes, told him she had two broken ribs but other than being black and blue she would be all right.
There was a knock at the door as two policemen entered the house.
He introduced himself and his mom and told them what he thought had happened.  His mother confirmed the assault.
“My drunken father is lying in the bedroom floor,” he said pointing towards their room.
“Has this ever happened before?” one of them asked.
“Yes, plenty of times but I could never talk her into calling you guys.”
With that they asked the paramedics if she was going to be okay and what they thought was the cause of injury, they said definitely battery.  They marched into the bedroom and moments later came out dragging his half-conscious father between them.  As they walked past pulling him Jay smiled with delight seeing his father’s two hands handcuffed behind him; it was the next to best part of his day so far; the best part of his day was kicking him.

Jay spent the better part of that night and most of the next day at the hospital with his mom.  Assured that she was feeling better he went home to shower, change clothes, and stop to see Michele and tell her all the news of the night before.
After spending three days in jail waiting for his case to be heard, Jay’s dad stood before the judge with his lawyer by his side.  Jay sat quietly in the back of the courtroom listening intently to the punishment his father would receive for the monstrous acts against his wife.
“Mr. Carlton, I have no pity for a man who takes his aggressions out on his spouse,” remarked the judge as he passed sentence.  “To me a women beater is the lowest of lows a man can stoop to in society.  But I am sympathetic with your situation in life and seeing as this is your first brush with the law I am going to pass sentence of thirty days probation, if no incidents occur within those thirty days your case will be dismissed to time served.”
Jay left the courtroom in complete shock and anger.  Sure the judge had passed sentence on this single incident, but due to his mothers’ lack of follow-through, the other hundred times he beat her weren’t known by the courts.  His biggest fear now was the retaliation his dad would have once he returned home.
He knew his mom wouldn’t be released from the hospital until the next morning so he went over Michele’s to have dinner and sort things out.  His anger was boiling over and he needed someone to calm him down and Michele was just the person to do that.
After finishing a great meal fixed by Mrs. Somerset, he and Michele took a walk around the yard.
“Michele I tell you I can’t believe they gave my dad a suspended sentence, a slap on the wrist is all he got.  For all the pain he has wreaked on my mom he gets a slap on the wrist.  I feel like going back to the police and telling them everything he has done to her over the years.”
“Jay if they only knew about the other incidents it would be a different story but there is no proof; you have no way of proving anything, it is his word against yours,” Michele said as they walked together hand in hand.
“I feel like just taking the whole situation into my own hands,” Jay said as his face turned red and the adrenalin started pumping through his body.  “I’ll just be the judge and jury on this whole case and sentence him to what he ultimately deserves, the same beating he gave my mom time and time again.”
Michele could sense he was getting infuriated.
“You know when I went in their bedroom and saw him laying there drunk on the floor I just went berserk.  I started kicking him in the sides over and over again.  It just felt so good to be doing to him what he did to her.  I actually loved every single minute of it.”
“You were just lost in the moment Jay.  You were devastated at the condition you found your mom in and just took it out on him.”
“Absolutely I took it out on him, but what I mean is I actually loved doing it.  I was standing there kicking the shit out of my drunken father and loved every minute of it.  If I enjoyed doing that, think how great it would be to actually beat him to death.”
“Come on Jay, you don’t really mean that,” she said with a scared quiver to her voice.
“No I actually do mean it.  I would just love standing over him and kicking him so hard and so many times that he’d die from his injuries.  Then, maybe my mom would be safe and our lives would be happy again.”
Michele could sense the fueled rage inside of him as she listened to his comments and stared into his wide eyes.  She did the best thing she could at that moment, she let his hand go and threw both her hands up to her face and started crying.  She knew Jay couldn’t stand to see her cry.
“What’s wrong Michele?” he asked as his thoughts immediately shifted to her.
“I just can’t stand to hear you talk like that Jay.  If you did something like that you’d ruin all of our lives, but most important you’d ruin us, you and me.  I just can’t bear thinking about that.”
Jay’s attention focused immediately on her as he pulled her close and hugged her, reassuring her that he was just venting, just talking and nothing more.
She was successful in calming him down the only sure way she knew, but she was scared thinking of the words coming out of his mouth and the rage that boiled inside of him thinking of his father.  It was a rage she hoped would never come to the surface.



CHAPTER 12


To Jay’s amazement the next week went fairly well.  His mom came home from the hospital and showed little signs of the broken ribs except when she coughed, sneezed, or laughed; other than that she kept them wrapped and had no problems getting around.
His dad also came home and went about his daily business as if nothing had happened.  Jay really feared some kind of retaliation not only for the police report but also for the incident at the football field when Jay grabbed and threatened him; but most of the week went by with not one mention of the whole thing.  It was just amazing to him that his parents could just continue on in the lives as if nothing had happened while being not only civil to each other but quite affectionate on a few occasions.  His dad always had that unique ability of knowing when to bring out his loving emotions to smooth over the situation and make her feel wanted.
The fact that they just got along made him extremely happy knowing he wouldn’t be able to spend much time at home in the coming weeks and knowing that his mom was safe, which was of the utmost importance to him.
  Football practices were three times a week now with the playoffs continuing for two more weekends before the championships, so he needed to be completely focused on the team as he promised the coach he would be.  The new plays they had been introducing at each game kept everyone on the team on top of their game which they hoped would lead them through these last games and into the state final. 

Game day finally arrived and it was their last home game of the playoffs.  The stands were packed with fans from both sides and the rivalry chants could be heard throughout the stadium with everyone pumped up and supporting their hometown team.  This was an especially big game because their opponent was their cross-town rival Fallston Cougars, a rivalry that was fiercely contested in every high school sport they played.
The game was expected to be hard fought and strongly defended so it was no surprise that the score was only 3-3 at the end of the first half.  Jay didn’t even bother looking up into the stands as he left the field but could hear his name being screamed by many of the idolizing girls.  He looked over at Michele as they and the cheerleaders ran off the field and she just rolled her eyes and smiled showing no jealousy at all.
As the second half started the Panther defense was on the field and Jay and his offensive buddies waited patiently for their chance to take the field and brake out their surprise offensive plays.  They hadn’t pulled any of their trick plays in the first half, just saving them to see if they were needed.
As he stood rooting his team to stop them cold he couldn’t help but notice a loud voice in the crowd that seemed to be overriding everyone else; a voice that he knew immediately he didn’t want to turn and acknowledge.  It was his dad.
 “Stop those bastards and give the ball to Carlton,” the voice shouted.  Shouts that seemed to echo twice as loud as the rest of the crowd, or at least it seemed that way to Jay’s ears.
“Hurry up and get the ball back and give it to Carlton; he’s the only one that can win this game!”
Jay was embarrassed beyond belief.  There were many games throughout his entire sports career that he was embarrassed by his father for shouting obscenities from the stands but not in front of two thousand people at a high school playoff game.
Jay looked over at Michele who was on the field waiting to perform their next cheerleading routine.  She looked sadly his way and he could tell he wasn’t the only one picking that voice out of the crowd.  Knowing that he couldn’t just crawl in a hole to escape the torture of this voice, he patiently waited to get out on the field hoping the sounds of his teammates would muffle the sounds.
The other team scored a touchdown and the roar of cheers from the opposing fans suddenly brought joy to his ears.  As he took the field and passed Michele she yelled ‘focus Jay, just focus on the game’.
They ran three straight passing plays that failed to get a first down and he left the field to that familiar sound.
“Boo, boo, why didn’t you give the ball to Carlton, don’t you want to win the game?”
Jay felt like crawling in a hole.
As the cheerleading squad finished their latest cheer and sat down on the sidelines Michele came running over to Jay.
“Jay, are you okay?” she asked as she used both her hands to turn his helmet towards her.
“I can’t believe this,” he said as she could tell he was more upset than she had thought.  “Can you think of anything at all that could be more humiliating than this?”
“Just stay focused on the game and don’t pay attention to anything else, okay?”
She knew that was all she could do for him at that moment but she knew there was no way Jay could focus on the task at hand with his father in the stands shouting out his name.  On her way back to her squad she passed by the coach.
“Coach, you’ve got to do something, Jay is totally out of the game with his dad up there in the stands shouting obscenities.  If you don’t do something you’ll lose him.”
She went back to her place on the sidelines and looked over as she watched Coach Jackson head over to Jay’s side.  They only talked briefly as she saw the coach return to his position and Jay went over and sat down on the bench.  She feared that the talk did no good and Jay was just giving up and calling it a day because he knew he couldn’t perform under these circumstances.
“Get up Jay.  Hey number 3, get up and get us a touchdown.  We didn’t come here to see you sit on the bench.  Hey coach, get his ass up and send him in,” shouted the voice.
The third quarter ended with the Panthers down 10-3.
On the first play of the fourth quarter the Panthers gave Jay the ball and he fumbled it into the arms of the opposing team.  On the next play they scored another touchdown to make the score 17-3.
“What are you doing Carlton?  You could beat these assholes with your hands tied behind your back.  Boo!”
Jay sat on the bench and just wanted to either crawl underneath of it or leap over the fence and go up into the stands and strangle his father as the crowd cheered him on.  He had prepared all week for this huge game and all it took was one voice in the crowd to ruin it all.  He knew if it was another a heckler from the opposing team it would spark him to make a fantastic play and shut this person up; but knowing it was his father and knowing that most people in the crowd knew it was his father, drained his focus completely.
The Panther defense stopped the Cougars and Jay again took the field.  With ten minutes to go in the game their first trick play was called and Jay knew if he could pull this play off and score maybe his dad would shut up.
The quarterback faded back and threw a short pass to the tight end that immediately turned and threw back to the quarterback who swung the ball out to Jay who was waiting in the middle of the field.  Like a bolt of lightning Jay danced his way through the remaining defensive players and easily into the end zone for a touchdown.  The score was 17-10 and the crowd went wild.
As Jay ran off the field all he could hear was the roar of the crowd, together as one, with no lone voice echoing above them.
Michele looked over at him, winked, blew a kiss, and gave him a big thumbs-up.  She too hoped this would end the ridicule.
“Hey Coach, if you’d have given the ball to Carlton more in the first half we wouldn’t be in this mess now.  He’s the only good running back on the whole field.  In fact he’s the only real football player on the whole field.  Hey Coach you listening to me?  We want Carlton!  We want Carlton!”
Jay couldn’t stand it anymore; he grabbed his helmet and went running off the field into the locker rooms.
The Panthers lost the game 17-13 and were eliminated from the playoff series.



CHAPTER 13


At the conclusion of the game Jay couldn’t be found anywhere.  He had apparently showered, changed clothes and left the stadium.
Michele, seeing that his car was gone, changed out of her outfit and walked the five short blocks to his house to see if she could help in some way.  She knew he was devastated by what had taken place that day and she was probably the only one who he would even talk to.
She noticed Jay’s car wasn’t in the driveway but thought maybe he had stopped by and told his mom what had happened so she rang the bell and waited.
The door opened and it was Mr. Carlton.
“What the hell do you want?” he said as he left the door open and walked back into the house.
Michele felt compelled to go in and confront him.
“Do you realize just what you did today Mr. Carlton?” she yelled as she followed him to the living room.  “You totally embarrassed your son and cost his team and our school the game.”
“You don’t know what the hell you’re talking about girl.  If that damn coach had given the ball to Jay like he should have Jay would have scored a hundred times today.  You’re an ass just like the rest of them!”
Michele had a natural fear of this man but with Jay on her mind and the recent memory of his embarrassing display at the game, she was determined to tell him what she thought.
“If you only knew how you embarrassed your son at that game.”
“Embarrass him?  What are you crazy girl?  I’m his biggest fan and all I did was stand up for him.  He doesn’t stand up for himself so someone has to!”
“You and your big mouth embarrassed him, you embarrassed the team, and you disgraced our school by even showing up tonight,” she said as she held her ground and shouted right back at him.  “Jay is ashamed of you and now the whole town knows why, because you have a big filthy mouth.”
“Just who do you think you’re talking to girl,” he said as he moved a step closer and hit her across the face with his open hand.
Michele’s hand flew up to her face as she felt the pain of his large hand against her soft cheek.  It startled her and sent her back to reality as she knew she had to just leave the situation and get the hell out of there before he did something drastic.
“You’ll be sorry you did that,” she yelled as she ran out of the open door.
She began walking towards her house knowing that her cheek hurt but thankful that he hadn’t done more.  About three blocks down a car pulled over with a bunch of her friends from school so she hitched a ride home with them.  They could see she was a little upset but she just told them she hadn’t been able to find Jay since he left the game and she was worried about him.
Pulling up to her house she glanced across the street and saw Jay’s car parked by the curb.  Thanking her friends she ran for the front door and into the house where she found Jay and her mom sitting at the kitchen table talking.  She couldn’t help but start crying.
“Michele dear, what’s the matter?” her mom asked as she got up from the table and caught Michele in her arms.
“Are you okay Michele?” Jay repeated.
“It was awful,” she answered as she left her mother’s arms and sat in the chair next to Jay.  “I was so worried about you Jay, I didn’t know where you were after the game and I was just afraid you would do something stupid, so I walked over to your house after I left the stadium.  I knew you weren’t there when I didn’t see your car but I thought maybe you stopped to talk to your mom and she might know something.”
“I never went to my house at all, I came right over here to see you,” said Jay as he reached over and held her hand.  “Did something happen at the house?”
Michele looked away and down at the empty tabletop.
“Your dad was home and he and I got into an argument about the game and what he did to you from the stands.  I knew I shouldn’t be there alone with him but I just wanted to tell him how much he embarrassed you in front of the whole school and that’s when we started yelling at each other and he hit me.”
“What?” Jay said as he stood up from his chair.  “That son of a bitch!”
Jay started to walk towards the door to leave when Michele’s mom grabbed him by the arm and stopped him.
“No  Jay, you can’t go over there and retaliate.  Let me handle this.  It’s my daughter he struck,” said Mrs. Somerset.
With that she went to the phone and dialed the police department.
“Yes, this is Patty Somerset over on Brandy Drive; I’d like to report a battery against my daughter Michele.”
“Okay we’ll be here waiting,” she answered as she hung up the telephone.  “They’re sending an officer around to take our statement.”
Within minutes there was a knock at the door and two Harford County police officers entered the kitchen.
Michele explained to them what happened while Jay filled them in on the details of his father’s antics at the game that led to the incident.  Patty agreed to press charges for assault and battery and signed the appropriate paperwork they needed to make an arrest.  Officer Jenkins examined Michele’s cheek and was convinced that she was okay but seeing the redness on one side of her face convinced him she had been struck by an open hand.
It was hardly an hour later when the phone rang with Jay’s mom saying that the police had come to the house and arrested her husband.  Knowing she was now alone in the house and not knowing what the outcome of the arrest would be, Jay left and went home to be there with her. 

Don Carlton spent the night in the county jail and the next morning was released.  His lawyer had stated that Michele had not been invited into the house therefore she was trespassing.  She got into a heated argument with him and to end the verbal abuse he slapped her forcing her to leave the house.  The judge dropped the case.



CHAPTER 14


Patty Somerset couldn’t believe it.  Michele couldn’t believe it. Jay couldn’t believe it!  How many people would this man have to assault before he was found guilty and punished for his crime?  Jay was at home with his mom when his father came strolling in the front door after being released by the police.
“I’m home,” he yelled as he shut the door behind him and walked into the living room to take a seat in his favorite chair.  “Hey Donna, got anything good to eat for a starving man?”
Even though he was out of his father’s line of sight, Jay jumped out of his chair and headed directly for his dad with fire in his eyes.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing slapping Michele in the face,” Jay shouted as he stood directly in front of his father’s chair facing him.  “You might think you can beat up on Mom anytime you want to but you’re stepping on shaky ground when you start assaulting my girlfriend.  When you hit her, you hit me too.”
“Jay, sit back down before you get yourself in trouble,” his father said as he reached over and moved Jay to the side so he could see his TV.  “She walked into my house uninvited and starting yelling in my face and no woman is going to talk to me like that while under my roof.  I may be out of work now and struggling to keep this household together, but it’s my house and my responsibility and no one is going to come in here and tell me what I should or shouldn’t be doing.”
Jay walked back in front of his dad blocking the TV and leaned over towards him.
“Let me tell you something old man,” pointing a finger into his father’s face, “if you so much as ever lay a hand on her again it will be the last time you ever hit a woman; and the same goes for Mom.  Touch either of them again and you’ll be sorry.”
His dad pushed him out of the way again and this time got up out of his chair and started to challenge Jay by pushing him again.
“So you’re a teenager in high school now and you think you can just come in, take control, and push your old man around huh, no respect for your father at all, huh?”
“Respect,” Jay yelled back.  “You expect me to respect you?  You’ve got to be kidding me.  What have you ever done to earn my respect?  Beat up on Mom, slap Michele in the face?”
“Whatever I did to those women they deserved it,” said his dad as he walked closer and put his face in Jay’s.  “Now don’t you ever point your finger in my face again, do you hear me?”
“I don’t hear anything you say Dad,” Jay replied as he pushed his father back away from him.  “I don’t have any respect or listen to anything a woman-beater has to say.  To me you’re the lowest of low.”
“Well as long as you’re living under my roof you’ll respect me and what I have to say and if you don’t like those words then pack your damn bags and get the hell out of my house,” he yelled as he pushed Jay aside again and walked out of the room towards the kitchen.  “If I had talked to my father like that he’d have beaten the shit out of me.”
“Well maybe he should have,” Jay snapped as he walked up the stairs to his room.
It was just a few minutes later that Jay heard a noise from the kitchen followed by the front door slamming.  He raced down the steps and into the kitchen where his mom was sitting at the table holding her right eye.  Jay sat down next to her as he heard his dad’s car speed out of the driveway.
“Did he hit you again Mom?” he asked as he pulled her hand away from her eye and could see how red it was.  “Great, he argues with me and ends up hitting you.”
“I’m okay Jay, I’m just glad you two didn’t do any more than have a pushing shouting match.”
 “Guess he left to get a few drinks huh?” he asked as he pulled her close to him.
“You know you shouldn’t antagonize him like that, it only gets him steaming mad,” she said as she relaxed against his shoulder.
“Who cares if he gets steaming mad Mom, somebody has to stand up to this man.  The police and courts aren’t doing anything; you’re not doing anything, so that leaves me.”
“Jay what can I do,” she asked.  “I can’t leave him and break up our family.  Sure it would be better if he wasn’t here but I just can’t tell him to leave and expect him to politely say okay and walk out the door.”
“I understand that mom but why don’t you just do me a favor and talk to Michele’s mom again and get some help.  Someone who can tell you what to do so you at least don’t get beat up again.  Please, for me?”
She finally agreed and it only took one phone call for Mrs. Somerset to start the ball rolling and schedule an appointment for the following afternoon with an abuse counselor.

She met with a Ms. Curtis at her office only a few miles from our neighborhood.  Entering the brightly lit room she sat down on the brown leather sofa and scanned the room from end to end.  The blue shaded walls gave her a feeling of tranquility with their soft tones and gentle landscaped pictures.  Plants and family pictures decorated the tables giving the place a homey feeling.
Ms. Curtis sat down in a plush chair across from her and poured them both a glass of lemonade as she broke the formality of their first meeting.
After initial introductions and chit-chat Donna gave her a briefing on her history with her husband and the many incidents that had taken place over a ten-year period.  She seemed to hold back from the details at first but as the meeting progressed she felt more and more comfortable with this stranger.  She felt relaxed either by the atmosphere of the environment or by the gentle voice of Kay Curtis.
“Okay Donna, I know you don’t want to hear the lecture about how you should leave this man, get a restraining order against him, and never let him set foot in your home again, so I won’t go there.  You seem to have made up your mind that you are staying with him through thick and thin because of your love for him regardless of his many faults, so let’s move on.  Why don’t we talk about what you can do to prevent the beatings, okay?”
Donna shook her head in agreement.
“First thing Donna you should always be on the alert for signs or clues that he is getting upset and may explode into an angry or violent episode.  Like come up with several believable reasons you can leave the house, both day and night, if you sense that trouble is brewing and he may harm you.  Have a few places in mind that you can go if an argument starts or maybe if he comes home drunk and you suspect it may lead to something violent.  Even places within your home such as an out of the way room with a phone or a window that you can use if you need to.  And if the place is outside of the home, then always keep you car full of gas and facing the exit so you can leave immediately without any kind of confrontation.  Maybe hide a spare key so you can get to it quickly and maybe have some emergency cash in the drawer in case you have to go to a motel or something.  Anything you can think of to get out of house quickly and avoid that attack.  Sound like a good plan?
“Sure does Kay, I think I can do all that,” Donna answered as she felt more and more relaxed with the conversation as they moved on.  “You know most of time that this happens is when he comes home drunk.  Now there have been other times when we’ve gotten in a bad argument or I don’t do something he expects me to do, but generally it is the alcohol that riles him.”
“Well the alcohol is tough to compete with, but with a plan you can at least avoid the confrontation by getting out of the room or leaving the house, just have a few options so you can just act immediately without thinking about it.  One thing I do want you to do though is to start documenting everything that happens.  Write all the arguments down and especially the times of abuse, and if you get injured in any way then take pictures.”
“Do you have any suggestions on places to go when I leave the house?”
“Sure, like I said a minute ago, you could go to a motel for a day or two just to get away from him.  There are also a few domestic violence shelters in town where victims can go to get away from their abusers.  They will provide you with all the basic living needs, including food, so it’s a perfect place to go where he won’t find you especially if your budget is limited and you can’t afford the motel.”
“Great, that’s good to know, I’ll look up their address.”
“And tell your son about the places you may be so if he tries to find you he won’t panic thinking his father has done something with you.  What you should also really think about is some counseling therapy or joining a support group.  There are quite a few in the community and it’s a great place to go and be surrounded by women just like you who have lived through the violence and know first-hand what you’re going through.  These talks can help you recognize the warning signs leading to further violent attacks.  You know right now he has just hit you on many, many occasions but historically this leads to other tactics to scare you into doing what he wants.  He may threaten you with a certain look or gesture, or smash things in front of you, destroy your property, or even grab a kitchen knife to send a message that if you don’t obey there will be violent consequences.  And even afterwards he will make all kinds of excuses for his behavior from blaming things on his parents and childhood to a bad day looking for a job, or worse yet he’ll set the blame on you saying it’s all your fault.  All signs you should be on the lookout for.”
They ended their talk and Donna left feeling much better about her situation and relieved that she had come to talk with Kay.  She now had a person she knew she could trust and rely on for help or advice on what she should do.  On the way home she called Patty Somerset and thanked her for the referral and admitted that she was glad Patty insisted she go; at least now she had a plan.  She wasn’t confident at this point that she would have the courage to join a group talking with strangers about her problems, but she did like the suggestions about always being prepared to leave the house or the room and seek comfortable surroundings.  She knew she could do that.



CHAPTER 15


She arrived home later than expected and found Don sitting in his usual position in front of the television drinking a beer.
“Where have you been?” he asked, never taking his eyes off the TV.
“Just out and about,” she nervously answered as she laid her keys and pocketbook down on the buffet and walked into the kitchen.  “Are you hungry?  I thought I’d whip up a nice meatloaf for dinner with your favorite gravy; how’s that sound dear?”
“Well that sounds good to me, I’m starving.  Will it take long?”
“No about an hour for everything,” she said, trying anything she could think of to get his mind off of her being out.  “If fact I have some of that special dip you like with pretzels, I’ll put that out so you can munch on that while I get dinner ready for us.”
He grunted something which she took to be yes as she got the dip out of the fridge and put it and the pretzels on the table beside his chair.
He suddenly grabbed her wrist as she was walking away and stopped her in her tracks.
“You wouldn’t be lying to me about where you were would you?”
“Now Don, where would I possibly be except at the store or shopping; that’s the only place I go is out to pick up things for the house.  Now let me get dinner started for us,” she said as she pulled her arm away and went to the kitchen.
Thinking back to her conversation with Kay she knew this was one of those times when she could see the makings of a fight so she took the necessary steps to do whatever she could to avoid it.  She smiled as she felt proud of herself for dismantling the situation.

The following day was a good one because Don came home elated that he had finally found a job.  He had applied at several automobile shops for mechanic work and one of them had finally called back looking for a full time mechanic.
The pure act of finally landing a job seemed to change the entire complexion of their household.  Her theory was that he finally felt the role of the man again, bringing home the bacon so to speak, and happy to be on top of his game again.  He went out of his way to be home in time for dinner each night and was making every attempt to get back on Jay’s good side by always slipping him a few bucks for gas every chance he could.
The football trauma had somewhat subsided and Jay’s full concentration now was on his final tests for graduation.  Michele spent a lot of time helping him at the library and her house by quizzing him and organizing a study plan to get him through it all, but she refused to go over his house to help which he couldn’t blame her for.  The last person she wanted to confront again was his father no matter how much he had changed.
With Don working now, Donna thought long and hard about taking Kay’s advice and joining a local support group just to further her education on spousal abuse.  The advice that Kay had given had helped in quite a few situations so she thought the more she knew about the subject the better off she would be.
It was a Thursday after her group meeting that she got home in the afternoon and was shocked to see Don’s car in the driveway when she pulled up.  She rehearsed in her mind where she had been and walked in the house with a small bag of groceries she had picked up on the way home.
“Don, are you home?” she yelled as she came through the living room.
“I’m in the kitchen,” he answered.
She went in and set the bag of groceries on the counter glancing over at him sitting at the kitchen table.
“How come you’re home early today?” she asked as she unpacked the bag.
“Surprised to see me huh, dear?” he snapped in a questioning voice.
“Sure, I slipped out to the store to grab a few things for dinner tonight and was surprised to see your car in the driveway.  Is everything okay at work?” she asked in a pleasant voice.
“You just slipped out to the store for groceries and that’s it?”
“Sure why?”
“Because I finished up early and we didn’t have any appointments for service in the afternoon so they let me go early.  When I got home to the empty house the answering machine was blinking and it was a message from Dawn on your support team saying the meeting would be starting a half an hour late today,” he said as he hit his fist on the table top with all his might.  “You’re lying to me again and I hate a liar.”
He jumped out of the chair and grabbed her by the back of her hair forcing her to her knees on the kitchen floor.
“I have told you a hundred times that I expect you to do what I expect of you and nothing more, and going to a support group with a bunch of women talking about their husbands in public is not one of those things.”
He pulled her head up by her hair and reaching around punched her in the face with his closed fist.
“And now you have the nerve to come home and lie to my face about where you were.  How can I trust a woman who lies to me?  You’re probably out seeing some man too, just smooching it up behind my back.  I’m not good enough for you so you lie and cheat, is that what you’re doing?”
Before she could answer he swung her head against the table putting a gash in her forehead.
“Don I’m only trying to cope with things to make our life better,” she said as tears and streams of blood ran down her red cheeks.  “This group helps me deal with things and helps me be a better wife for you.  It teaches me how to cope and how to make our life happier.”
“Does it teach you to lie at me?  Does it teach you to look me in the eyes when I ask you something and lie to my face?”
She turned to look at him but he raised his foot and pushed her in the back down against the kitchen floor.  Crouching down he rolled her over and straddled on top of her.
“Lie to me bitch!  Lie to me bitch!” he repeated as he slapped and punched her in the face and chest.  “I guess you don’t know who you’re dealing with, well I’ll teach you, you unworthy classless bitch!”
She passed out and he left the house.



CHAPTER 16


Jay and Michele walked out to the library parking lot and stood leaning between their two cars.  They didn’t speak they just looked at each other letting their eyes do the talking.  Her bright blue eyes and golden hair glowed in the setting sunlight as he softly ran his fingers through each strand.  Rubbing the back of his fingers against her cheek he leaned forward and kissed her soft lips gently time and time again.  She wrapped her hand behind his head and pulled his lips onto hers changing the gentle kiss to a strong passionate message.  Their lips stayed locked for minutes as their tongues danced with one another strengthening the message of their love.
No words were spoken as they separated and went their separate ways in the night.
Jay turned the corner and pulling into the driveway was delighted to see his father’s car wasn’t there.  Tonight he just wanted to relax and talk to his mom about the upcoming graduation and beyond.  
As he opened the door an eerie sense overcame him as he walked through the living room and the kitchen came into focus.
He ran to his mom’s side, horrified at her beaten bleeding body on the kitchen floor.  Once he saw that she was breathing he jumped up, grabbed the phone on the wall, and dialed 9-1-1.
“My mom’s been brutally beaten by my dad, please send an ambulance and the police, and hurry!”
He cradled her in his arms while trying not to move her too much for fear she had internal injuries as before.  Within minutes the paramedics arrived accompanied by the same two police officers that arrived last time.  They immediately loaded her onto a gurney and rushed her to the hospital.
“The same as before, beaten up by your father?” asked an officer.
Jay just shook his head as he gathered his car keys to follow the ambulance.
“We’re going to need you to answer some questions,” yelled the other officer as Jay went running out the door.
“Then follow me to the hospital, I need to be with my mom.”

The outcome was worse than before.  He had again broken two of her ribs but this time he added a slight concussion to his accomplishments. 
Jay stayed with her for about four hours before the hospital sent him home to get some rest.  His mom wouldn’t be waking up until the next day with the concussion and all the drugs they had given her so it was useless to stay by her side; besides he was dead tired and would be more help to her rested tomorrow.
As his car pulled into the driveway a rage of terror filled his body as he saw his father’s car pulled half in the driveway and half on the lawn; obviously the result of a drunken driver.
Slamming the car door he stormed into the house to the sound of silence, no TV, no radio, just quiet.  Glancing quickly in the living room and kitchen and finding them empty, he headed down to the back bedroom and swung open the door.  There lying on the bed slowly taking yet another sip of his Jack Daniels bottle was his dad.
“Hey it’s sonny boy, how ya’ doing Jay,” his father slurred as he sat the almost empty bottle down on the night table. 
Jay didn’t stop, he walked over to the side of the bed and reaching down grabbed both sides of his dad’s shirt and pulled him up out of the bed.
“You son of a bitch,” Jay shouted as he swung his closed fist towards his father’s head.  “Let’s see how you like getting your face pounded.”
His father reached up and thrust Jay’s fist to the side and with his own fist pounded Jay squarely in the stomach knocking him backwards.  Jay gasped for breath as he got right up and walked back towards his father but within two steps he was again knocked backwards and to the floor by another punch to the chest.
“I may be drunk Jay but I can still beat the shit out of you,” his father said as he came and stood looking down over Jay.  “I told you I would never lay a hand on you but obviously you feel like a man now and want to beat my ass.  Well you’re not quite the man I am Jay and if you keep taunting me like you have the past couple of times I’m going to have to show you who’s the man and who’s the boy in this house.”
Jay was still out of breath and couldn’t manage to get up but he wasn’t going to let his father’s words get in his way.
“You’re not the man of the house, you’re the drunk of the house,” Jay said as the anger continued to boil inside of him.  He swung his foot and kicked his father in the ankle with his boot.
“Ouch,” he yelled in pain as he reached down and grabbed Jay by the shirt.  He pushed him backward against the wall slamming his body hard.  “Keep it up Jay and you’re gonna’ piss me off.”
Jay hit the wall hard as he again lost his breath.  His father released his hold on him laughing as he walked away back towards his open bottle of whiskey.
Jay took a deep breath and lunged at his back falling on the bed on top of him.  With both hands he pushed his father’s face deep into the bed trying with everything he had to keep him from grabbing another breath of air, but he was still too weak from the punches.
Pushing himself and Jay up off the bed, Jay fell to the floor beside the bed.
“You little snotty-nose kid,” his dad yelled as he picked him up by the shirt again.  “I see you take after your mother and learn the hard way.”
With that he reared back and hit Jay squarely in the mouth knocking him back to the floor.  Jay reached up to his mouth feeling the trail of blood gushing both inside and out.
Just then the phone began ringing and Jay left the room to answer it as his father sat on the edge of the bed finishing off his bottle.
It was Michele on the phone and she immediately sensed that something was wrong as she hung up to come and get him.  Jay went up to his room to wash his face and clean up the blood and before he knew it he heard the doorbell ring and Michele at the bottom of the steps yelling up to him.
Just as he finished and went to the steps he heard his father yelling at Michele.
“What are you doing here again you little slut,” he shouted as he came out of the bedroom.
Jay bounded down the steps two at a time and grabbed her by the arm leading her out of the front door.  The now empty whiskey bottle came flying through the air hitting the closing screen door just as they got outside.
“Both of you get the hell out of my house until you can show me some respect.”
Jay didn’t want to chance her getting hurt again so he quickly led her to her car where they both got in heading to her house.  Looking in the rear view mirror she saw the police car pull up behind them and motioned for Jay to turn around and look.
They got back out of the car and met the officers on the sidewalk.
“Are you okay son,” asked one of them.
“I’ll be okay officer, it’s my dad who’s in there drunk.”
“First he beats up your mom and now he’s beating on you huh,” the officer said as they both walked towards the house and in the front door.
It wasn’t but a few minutes before they came back out the door, one on each side of his dad, leading him handcuffed to their squad car.
“Lock his ass in jail and throw away the key,” Jay yelled as his dad was pushed inside the car.  “He tried to assault her too by throwing a whiskey bottle at her.”
They asked Jay to come down to the police station the next day to fill out a complaint and assured him that his dad would be spending at least the next few nights locked up.
Jay and Michele went back into the house where she helped him clean up his still bleeding lip and calm down his racing heart.  It was his first real confrontation with his father and one he wouldn’t soon forget.



CHAPTER 17


After picking his mom up at the hospital the next morning and telling her what happened, he and Michele headed for the police station to file a report.  Michele’s mom wanted to come along to file her own report against him for threatening her daughter again, but they both convinced her that they would take care of it themselves.
This time the police and the court system were much more accommodating since his father now had a previous arrest for abuse.  He was given thirty days in the county jail with time served, so this time he’d be home in about three weeks.
It was a glorious three weeks filled with love and kindness; something Jay hadn’t seen much of in his home.  He and Michele tried to spend most of their days studying there instead of the library in case his mom needed something.  Her broken ribs were wrapped daily in ace bandages and according to her weren’t too bad except when she coughed or laughed.  
The three of them had dinner together just about every night and it meant so much to Jay to be there in a calm quiet atmosphere and not be on edge wondering when his father would come home to bring chaos and tension back to their lives.  This time they could have a nice dinner filled with talk and laughter just like normal families, something Jay had wished for his entire life.
Donna Carlton was enjoying her time alone with her son and it didn’t take much for her to sense how much affection he felt for Michele.  The two of them had been virtually inseparable since they met so she knew he loved being with her but through this time that they had together at the house she came to realize just how much the two of them were in love.  She felt Michele was the perfect girl for Jay fueled by her compassion and understanding ways, traits that were essential to help pull her son through the many difficult times with his father.  She sensed that a lot of Michele’s knowledge and understanding came from her mother who probably brought many of her professional cases home to the dinner table.  It was these talks that built Michele’s confidence in handling difficult and out-of-control individuals as well as knowing how to guide Jay to do the right thing when in distress.
It was a Friday evening that the three of them were again having dinner when the sound of the front screen door banging closed broke their conversation.  Michele had just come back from retrieving the pineapple upside-down cake she had baked for dessert and sat down as Don entered the dining room.
“Well looky-looky, what have we here,” he mocked in a juvenile voice, “if it isn’t the three little bears.  Now don’t let me ruin your dinner!”
He walked to the end of the table where no one was sitting and grabbing the edge of the tablecloth pulled the entire table of food and dishes in the floor.  Jay and Michele jumped back from the table as Donna threw her hands in the air.
“What the hell are you doing Don,” she yelled in an embarrassing voice.
“Oh, I’m just thanking all of you for putting me in jail for the past month, that’s all.”
Jay threw his napkin down on the empty table and began to walk towards his father with fire in his eyes.  Michele grabbed his arm.
“Jay don’t,” she pleaded.
Knowing it would ignite the situation even more; Jay backed off and stood by Michele’s side.
“Why don’t you just go to your bedroom, or better yet why don’t you just go to a motel or something and leave all of us alone,” Jay shouted at his father.
“Now wouldn’t you just love that sonny-boy?  Well this is my house and as long as I make the mortgage payments I’m sleeping in my bed with my wife.  Now as far as you and your little girlfriend go, you can sleep whenever you want, but if it’s under my roof then you’ll do as I say.”
He kicked an empty bowl that was lying in the floor shattering it against the wall as he left the room and slammed his bedroom door shut.
“Well welcome home daddy,” Jay said.
The three of them began to clean up the mess in the dining room and were determined not to let Don’s childish antics ruin their entire dinner.  After Jay and Michele finished mopping the floor with wet paper towels they again sat down at the table for dessert.  Donna had managed to piece the cake back together and cut them each a large slice to have with the freshly brewed coffee.
“I’m really sorry you had to be part of that Michele,” Donna said in her most sincere voice.
“That’s okay Mrs. Carlton, don’t worry about it.  I’m just glad it didn’t escalate into something more damaging.”
“Me too, and thank you for holding Jay back.  That’s all he needed was to challenge his father to another fist fight.”
“Oh it’s gonna’ happen again mom, I know it is.  And next time the outcome will be a little different,” said Jay in his most challenging voice.
“Just leave it alone dear, you know that kind of talk just encourages him to fight more and more, so just leave it, okay?”
Jay agreed with his mom and they turned the conversation back to school and the upcoming events, prom and graduation.  There were four more weeks in the school year and the seniors were taking their final exams and making arrangements for the upcoming celebrations.  Jay of course was taking Michele to the senior prom having just attended her junior prom a month earlier.  They had both applied to the University of Maryland in College Park and so far he had been accepted on a football scholarship and Michele of course would have to wait a few months for an answer since she was just a junior.  It was his mother’s dream to have him attend college since neither her nor his father had gone past high school; but she knew it was extremely expensive and feared that they wouldn’t be able to afford the tuition or even the loans available.  When Jay received a letter from the University offering him a football scholarship she was thrilled to death, not only because it was tuition-free but because he would only be an hour from home.
The biggest unanswered question for Jay was what he would declare as his major.  He was considering a criminal justice major or even an engineering degree, but figured for now he’d just declare a general business degree and make his mind up before his junior year.  Michele knew all along that she wanted a degree in psychology since she had grown up so interested in her mother’s profession, so her ultimate goal was to get her Master’s degree before even looking for a job.
When he wasn’t studying with Michele Jay was back to practicing football every day he could.  The coach had really taken him under his wing since he received the scholarship news so Coach wanted him physically fit and ready to hit the field as soon as college football season arrived.  Practicing his maneuvers on the field and lifting weights in the school gym were exhausting but Jay knew in order to compete at the college level he would have to pick his game up and be at top performance.  The last thing he wanted to do was to get to college and be delegated to second or third string which meant loads of practice but very little playing time.
Coach had been especially hard on him the last few days in the gym and on this particular day had him out on the field running wind sprints and catching passes out of the backfield.  It was a hot exhausting exercise and with the temperature approaching eighty degrees Jay was physically drained and the coach could see that.  He finished him up early and told him to go take a long shower and meet him in the stands to go over some plays that coach knew the University of Maryland used extensively.
Jay did just that, he soaked and soaked in the ice cold water until his body finally felt cooled off and relaxed.  After changing into his shorts and jersey he headed out onto the field to meet with coach before calling it a day.  As soon as he came through the tunnel leading to the field he looked up and saw Coach Jackson talking to his father in what seemed to be a heated argument.  He rushed up the steps two at a time.
“I think I know a little more about what he needs to prepare him for college than you do,” argued the coach.
“Don’t you dare tell me what’s best for my son,” his father shouted back.  “How dare you assume you know more than I do about my own son!”
With those words a pushing match started that Jay quickly halted by stepping in between them.
“Okay that’s it, enough said,” Jay shouted above both of them.  “I don’t need the two of you arguing about what’s best for me.  I’m seventeen years old and I think I know what’s best for me without two grown men arguing about it.”
Jay grabbed his dad by the arm and led him down the stands towards the parking lot.
“Thanks Coach, I’ll talk to you at practice tomorrow,” Jay shouted.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing,” his father said as he pulled his arm from Jay’s grasp.
“I’m getting you out of here Dad before Coach Jackson beats the shit out of you.  Now what are you doing here?”
“I’m trying to make sure that my college bound football star son is treated with the utmost respect by these school people, that’s what I’m doing here; I’m taking up for you the way I always have your entire life.  When are you going to take control of your life and stand up to these people?”
“Dad I don’t need to stand up to these people, I need to learn from them.  Coach Jackson has been my football coach for four years now and he knows everything about me.  He knows what I’m capable of and he knows how to get me motivated and prepared for a game, so I trust his instincts and I think you should too.  I got a football scholarship to college because of the way I play football and the way I play football is because of his training.”
“Well I just want what’s best for you Jay, that’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
They arrived at their cars and stood there a few minutes and just about had a civil conversation about school and football and his future plans.  Jay almost felt like he was having a real talk with a person, who was truly concerned about his future, but deep inside he knew who this man was and he didn’t need or want any advice from him when it came to a successful life.



CHAPTER 18


Jay went straight over to Michele’s house for a quick hello and goodbye before heading home for the night.  He was physically exhausted after practice and mentally drained from dealing with his father and the embarrassing incident with Coach Jackson.  The good thing was that after all those years of incidents at his sporting games, almost everyone knew the imbecile his father was, so Jay was only embarrassed to a certain extent.
Michele was used to Jay’s quick visits on weeknights and she knew how tired he always was so she made it a romantic few minutes that he could carry home with him to bed.  She was a flirtatious sexy girl when it came to Jay, quite different than the real unemotional girl she characterized to the rest of her friends.  She knew what to say and how to say it and had Jay happily wrapped around her finger.
Driving home he wondered what mood his dad would be in since their talk was civil but heated.  Jay knew that his dad was not one to forget trivial things because everything in the world revolved around him whether trivial or not.
He was pleasantly surprised to see his dad’s car not in the driveway when he arrived at the house.
“I’m home mom,” Jay yelled as he entered the front door looking around for her.
She came running down the steps with a horrified look on her face.
“Jay sweetie, now don’t get too upset but your father’s been in your room,” she explained as he walked past her and up to his room.
He walked in about two steps and stood just looking from left to right at the mess created by his father.  Both dressers had been wiped clean with the contents lying shattered on the floor, including two pictures of Michele and one of him and Goldie together from years ago.  A picture of him and his mom taken one Mother’s Day had been pulled off the wall and smashed over one of his bed banisters.   The bed was torn apart, a few drawers dumped out in the floor, and the contents of his bookshelves cleared of all books, CD’s and DVD’s which were strewn around the room.  The only things untouched were his trophies from football and the sports pennants on the wall. 
“I can’t believe this,” Jay muttered to himself as he gazed around the room.  “That son of a bitch has turned my whole room upside down; and why, what did I do now to deserve this?”
His mom came up behind him and put her arms around his neck pulling him close to her.
“He just went on another of his drunken rampages and this time it was your room instead of me,” his mom said in a sorrowful whisper.  “I’m so sorry Jay, I’ll help you clean it up.  That’s what I was going to try and do before you got home.”
“That’s okay Mom I appreciate you trying to help but I’ll clean it up,” Jay said as he hugged his mother back and kissed her on the cheek.  “I’d rather for my room to get trashed any day than to have him take his bad mood out on you.”
They hugged as they heard a whimper and looked down to see Goldie walking into the room looking at them with her sad eyes as if she had done something wrong.
“Don’t cry girl,” Jay said as he reached down, hugged her, and stroked her golden coat.  “No one was hurt and that’s all that matters girl.”
“I’m going down to fix dinner honey, are you sure you’re alright doing this alone?”
“Sure mom, Goldie and I will clean it up…but I tell you one thing mom, he will be sorry he did this.”
“Just leave it alone Jay, you know if you antagonize him things will just get worse around here.”
He didn’t answer as she walked out the door and he began to sift through the remains of his room.  The majority of things were easily put back on the dressers and the bookshelves but the torn pictures were memories he couldn’t replace.  He finished cleaning up the mess and came down the steps looking towards the den as he turned the corner.  There his eyes focused on the credenza that housed his fathers’ mini-bar loaded with bottles of whiskey, scotch, and bourbon.  He knew at that moment what his retaliation would be.  He glanced towards the kitchen and could see through the window that his mom had gone out to the garden to water her plants.  He gathered together the dozen bottles and marched to the kitchen sink, pouring the contents of each one down the drain, then filling each one to the top with tap water and putting them back in the credenza.  He now felt fulfilled.
He stayed home that evening wanting to be there when his dad got home so he wouldn’t discover the emptied bottles and retaliate on his mom, but he eventually fell asleep in his room without incident.
It was about two days later that he was on his way home from Michele’s when his cell phone rang and his mom told him to come home right away.  Within minutes he pulled into the driveway and raced into the house fully expecting to find his mom again beaten up or needing medical help.  To his surprise she met him in the hallway as soon as he walked in, with no apparent injuries that he could see.
“Jay you need to take Goldie to the vet right away,” she said with a scared frightful look on her face.  “Your father found the bottles you emptied out and since neither one of us were here he took his anger out on the dog.”
Jay raced to the kitchen where the family golden retriever was laying.
“Are you okay girl,” he said as he knelt down beside her gently rubbing her head.  “Lay still girl while I look at you.”
He carefully ran his hands over her beautiful golden coat from her head to her tail looking for injuries.  As he touched her rib cage the dog whimpered in pain as he sensed that she had been kicked in the side several times.
“Get me a blanket mom; I’m going to take her right down to the vet.”
He couldn’t find any other external injuries or broken bones so he carefully slid the blanket halfway under her paws and body then gently lifted the other half onto the makeshift stretcher.
“Mom you grab one end and I’ll grab the other and we’ll use the blanket like a hammock and carry her out to my car,” he said as he again gave Goldie a pet on the head to assure her that she would be all right.
As Jay pulled out of the driveway heading towards the animal hospital he passed his father coming the other way.  He touched the brakes thinking of his mom home alone but knew he had to get Goldie to the vet as soon as possible.  It was obvious that the dog was having difficulty breathing and was obviously in pain as each labored breath brought a slight whimper.
He waited with anticipation in the waiting room as the two doctors who helped him carry the dog inside carried on a conversation behind closed doors.  Jay used his cell phone to try and call home but there was no answer, which obviously worried him.
It took about twenty minutes before the door opened and they motioned for him to step inside the room where Goldie was lying on the table.
“She’s a lucky dog,” the vet said as Jay saw his dog’s head rise up and turn towards him, her tail giving a slight wag.  “It looks like she has two broken ribs but neither one punctured her lung but they seem to be pressing against it which is causing her to have trouble breathing comfortably.”
“What can you do for her,” Jay asked as he rubbed her head.
“We’ve taken x-rays and everything else looks okay so we’ll wrap her body in bandages and give her some pills to ease the pain.  You can take her home but you really have to be gentle with her and not allow her to get too physical around the house for a week or two.  Is she an outside dog?”
“Well she goes out in the back fenced in yard, but she’s basically an indoor pet.”
“Just so she doesn’t race around or jump it should be okay.  Change the bandages once a day and wrap them pretty tight but don’t make them uncomfortable for her.  Also give her two of these tablets three times a day in her food and make sure she takes them.”
“Is that it, she’ll be okay then?”
“With some TLC she should get better every day,” he said as he turned his attention from the dog to Jay.  “That’s of course if she doesn’t get kicked again.  How did this happen?”
“It was my dad,” Jay admitted.  “He came home drunk again and just took his anger out on the dog.  It’s never happened before so hopefully it won’t happen again.”
“Well hopefully not, because another kick or two might have punctured a lung or another vital organ and she would be a goner.  She’s by no means a young dog so watch her carefully.”
Jay agreed and they helped him carry the dog back out to his car placing her in the back seat as before.  He was obviously relieved that Goldie was going to be okay and as he headed home his thoughts shifted to his mom and the unanswered phone call.
As he pulled onto his street he could see that his mom’s car was in the driveway but not his dad’s.  From past experiences his mind raced with ideas of what he would find once inside the house.  Had his dad taken more anger out on his mom again or had he hopefully just stopped by the house for a few minutes and left again?  But why didn’t she answer the phone?  He hoped for the best as he pulled in the driveway and opened the backseat door so Goldie could get some fresh air.
“Stay there girl, I’ll be right back to get you.”
Entering the house was always an adventure as he never knew what he’d find.  He didn’t see anyone in sight as he walked down the hallway and the kitchen was empty.
“Mom, are you here,” he shouted as he listened for her answer.
He heard a thumping noise coming from the hallway as he changed direction and headed for his parents’ bedroom.  Slowly opening the door he was horrified at what he saw.  
There lying on the bed was his naked mother with all four limbs tied to the bedposts.  A piece of duct tape was over her mouth as she tossed and struggled to free her hands.
Jay ran to her bedside, quickly pulled the tape off her mouth and untied her white blood-starved hands.
“Mom, are you okay,” he said with terror in his voice.
 He untied her feet as she pulled the sheet up over her body.  Tears ran down her face as she caught her breath and pulled him close.
“Jay it was awful,” she said as her mind raced with the fear of what had happened.  “Yes, I’m okay…don’t worry I’m okay.”
“What did he do mom?  I passed his car when I was taking Goldie to the vet but I was afraid to turn around because she was having trouble breathing.  I’m so sorry I didn’t come back mom,” Jay said with guilt in his voice.
“No dear I’m fine, don’t blame yourself.”
“What did he do,” Jay repeated.
“He came in the house, drunk as usual, and wanted to have sex.  I told him that you had just left the house with Goldie and that we were all upset and worried about the dog.  He yelled at me for thinking more about the dog than him and grabbed me by the wrist and pulled me into the bedroom.  I said no that it was not a good time and he wouldn’t hear of it.  He slapped me a few times in the face and told me to take my clothes off and get in bed. I told him no again and started for the door when he grabbed me by my hair and told me to undress or he’d started beating my face in.  So I undressed.”
“He’s an animal,” Jay said as his face turned beet red with anger.
“Once I had my clothes off then he threw me on the bed and grabbed two of his neckties and tied my hands to the post.  Jay I was so scared I didn’t know what he’d do, so I just didn’t fight him back.  He finished tying me and took his pants down and had his way.”
“So he raped you.”
“Well I guess so…I certainly didn’t agree with what he was doing.”
“Then that’s rape.  Let’s call the police right now and have him arrested for raping you.”
There was a long pause as she pulled the edges of the sheet close around her chin and snuggled in her safe haven.
“Jay please, let’s just leave it alone,” she finally said.
“Mom, are you crazy?  This man is an animal and you’re going to let him get away with this?  First he kicks Goldie and almost kills her and now he drops by the house to conveniently rape you, you’ve got to be kidding me.  How much abuse can one woman possibly take; he’s going to kill you before it’s all over and I’m going to blame myself for not taking action and getting him locked up in jail where he belongs.”
Jay paused in disgust not understanding why his mother was not furious at this man for what he had done to her.
“Mom…think about everything he has put you through this past year and what he has put all of us through in the past five years.  He assaults you almost weekly, he’s assaulted Michele, he’s pushed me around, he’s kicked our dog, and now he’s raped you against your will.  For God’s sake mom, get real!”
“Please Jay, I’m fine now, just let it go.”
“Mom has he threatened to do something to you if you report him?  Is that why you’re saying this?”
“Please Jay,” she repeated, “I’ve been through enough today, do this one thing for me and just forget what happened, okay?  Ever since I talked to Patty Somerset I have thought long and hard about everything she told me and realized how very lucky I am to even be alive with everything he has done.  But honestly Jay, I just overlook all the abuses and beatings because I love the man.  When he’s not drinking he’s a fine husband and shows me respect and emotions and I love that time.  During that time I get back the man I married and it’s wonderful and I just don’t want to give those good times up.  So yes, I’m crazy for staying with him but those good times are what I married and those good times are worth putting up with the outbursts of anger in-between.  I’m sorry if you don’t see that but that’s just the way I feel and I would appreciate it if you would abide by my wishes and just leave it alone.”
Jay looked at his mother’s tear-soaked face as she sat on the bed wrapped in the white sheet.  He wanted so much to say no that he just couldn’t let this go, but at this point he just couldn’t put her through anything else.  He knew in his mind that for her to go through this frightful ordeal she must have been told not to call the police or something dreadful would happen.  She was almost pleading for his cooperation as she justified all the verbal and physical abuse which is exactly what he has trained her to do.
Against his better judgment, he let it go….but he knew in his own mind that he would get even for the abuse his dad cast on Michele, Goldie, and himself, even if he couldn’t get even for his mom.
He kissed her on the cheek and went back out front to get Goldie in the house.  There was nothing else he could do.



CHAPTER 19


As he awoke the next morning to the sound of his ringing alarm clock, his mother entered the room and sat on the edge of the bed.
“How did Goldie do last night,” she asked as she looked over at the dog lying on a blanket in the corner of the room.
“She did fine mom, but why are you up here?  You never come up in the morning to wake me up,” Jay asked as he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.
“I just wanted to ask another favor of you Jay.  Please don’t cause a scene when you come down for breakfast this morning, okay?  Your father is down there eating and reading the paper and I don’t want you to get into scuffle with him before you head to school for the day.  Please forget about yesterday.  You don’t have to be cordial with him but please don’t do anything to provoke him because after you leave he’ll just take it out on me.  Okay Jay?”
He agreed, but he didn’t like it.
He showered, shaved, dressed, and went downstairs to find his father drinking a mug of coffee as he read the sport section of the newspaper.
“You’re in the paper today,” his dad said as Jay scooped some scrambled eggs on a plate and popped an English muffin in the toaster.
“Did you hear what I said,” he repeated.
“What’s it say,” Jay responded as he glanced at his mother and rolled his eyes in disgust.
She winked at him and smiled her approval at fulfilling her request.
“This article talks about the top recruits joining the Maryland football team next season and wouldn’t you know it, you’re the top prospect.  How great is that son?”
Jay cringed at the sound of his father calling him son.  He didn’t know which angered him more, the casual tone of his father’s voice or the fact that he had to play nice and pacify his questions.
“That’s great.”
“Well you don’t seem very excited about it,” his dad asked as he pulled the paper down from in front of his face and looked towards Jay.  “Aren’t you even a little bit excited about this whole football thing?”
“Sure I am, but right now I’m just concentrating on finishing my finals and graduating from high school.  I’ll have plenty of time to get excited when all that’s over,” he answered in his friendliest angry voice.
A grunting kind of sound came from his father as he pulled the paper back up blocking his face again.  Jay looked over at his mom and made a disapproving face that only mothers understand.
He left the house and drove to school never forgetting what took place the day before and wanting so much to go straight to the police station or even stop by the counselor’s office to update Mrs. Drake but he remembered his promise and kept his word.  The rape was so catastrophic that he didn’t even breathe a word of it to Michele; how in the world could he look her in the face and justify not calling the police no matter what his mother requested.
The week at school was a tough one with the completion of finals and happily Jay passed everything with flying colors.  He received his final official letter of acceptance from the University of Maryland and also a letter from the football coach welcoming him to the team and updating him with a summer schedule of workouts in preparation for the new season in the fall.  Just reading that letter got Jay’s adrenalin flowing; thinking about getting back on the football field was something he was looking forward to, especially now.  It was a place he could let out all his anger and frustrations without anyone knowing the source of his actions; a place where he had so often envisioned his father as the tackling dummy as he crushed into it with his shoulder driving it ten yards back.  More than anything Jay needed to get back on the field to get out all of this bottled up emotion that he has been forced to hold in.

It was the first week of June and the activities that had been talked about and dreamt about by the graduating class finally came to reality.  
The senior prom was on the first Friday in June and he and Michele had rented a limousine with two other couples so they traveled to dinner and then the prom in first-class style.  Michele was beautiful in her long figure- hugging black silk dress that had a long slit up the side that Jay couldn’t take his eyes off of all night long.  Her beautiful long blonde hair flowed down the sides of her face cascading onto her bare shoulders while her bright smile and blue eyes glittered in the glow of the night.  Jay looked his handsome self in his black double-breasted tuxedo which he filled out completely with that football running back physique.  Michele couldn’t have been prouder of her man as she barely let go of him all night long.
The graduation was the next Saturday evening at seven and each senior was given ten tickets for family members to enjoy the ceremony.  Jay only needed six counting his mom, unfortunately his dad, his grandparents, and Michele and her mom.  Fortunately the entire event was incident free with his father being on his best behavior, much to Jay’s amazement.  His biggest fear was that his father would yell out something stupid when Jay went up for his diploma, creating a scene just like at the football games; but all was quiet with just the claps and cheers from the other family members.  They all went back to the house afterwards and along with a few of the neighbors, had an all night celebration in the back yard.  It was the culmination of a great week, one in which his dad not only was on his best behavior but seemed to go out of his way in pampering and loving up to his wife.
His mysterious behavior seemed to carry over into the next week at home which gave him and his mom the false hope that maybe he had turned a corner.  His new job was working out well and the pay was even better than before even though he was not in charge as he had always been.  He was continuing to bring home special little treats to surprise Donna and made it home in time for dinner every single night of the week, to the surprise of everyone.  He even went so far as to give Jay a graduation gift of a weekend at one of the swankiest hotels at the beach for him and Michele; a gift that Jay loved and Michele’s mom wasn’t too thrilled about. 
Jay had one week before the first football meeting with the university coaching staff so it was a time for him to start getting back in shape for the upcoming season.  He knew they would be setting up a rigorous training schedule for him to follow in the off-season, but he wanted to go in showing them that he was serious about reporting to camp somewhat in football shape.  He knew after all his years of playing team football that running back was one of the most important positions for a player to be in shape for; if you didn’t have the wind and stamina you wouldn’t survive, and the last thing Jay wanted was to spend his first college year sitting on the bench, relegated to second string. 
His dad had set up a small gym in the basement years ago when he was just getting into middle school, the sixth grade, for him to learn the importance of exercise and building up his body.  So through the years as Jay became stronger he added weights and training equipment to keep up with his increased skills.  He tried to work out twice a day, mornings and evenings on the weights, while running at least three miles a day to improve his wind and stamina. 
The importance of these daily workouts proved to be the key in Jay’s first meetings with the university coaching staff.  They were immediately impressed with his time trials and every exercise or challenge that they threw his way was met with top results.  He came out of the first meetings proving that he was worthy of being their first-string running back but also knowing that there was more to making the team than strength; he had to learn the new playbook and be able to execute a play in a seconds notice, without a mistake.
With the first three-day mini-camp only two weeks away, Jay felt the pressure to not only build up his body but to build up his mind.  There were so many more plays to learn in college compared to high school with defense as much a part of his game as offense.  In high school he was expected to get the ball and run a certain route, offense, offense, offense; but college relied on his defensive skills just as much, whether it was blocking for his quarterback or running a deceiving route to lure defenders away from the real play.  So much to learn in so little time, but Jay was dedicated to the football field and determined to show his college coaches that they had made the right decision in giving him a football scholarship.
It was also especially nice during this trim-up period that his home life was not distracting from his duties at hand; or at least not up to this point.  His mom was obviously enjoying the newfound husband she had lost which shown in her eyes and smile each time she came down the basement to give Jay a cold drink and a pick-me-up snack each day.  He had never seen her smile so much, dress so nice, and even let her hair down while just around the house; it was evident that things were going well.
But as always, things have a tendency to come full circle.



CHAPTER 20


It was a Friday evening and Jay was just finishing up his last intense workout of the day before retiring to his bedroom for a shower before picking up Michele.  The door to the basement gently shut and Jay glanced up from his weight bench where he was laying down pressing hundred pound weights to improve his arm and shoulder strength.
Walking over to the bench his dad straddled one leg on each side of the bench and stood over him looking down as Jay pressed upward with the heavy weight yet looking straight at his father in puzzlement.  Leaning over towards Jay he grabbed hold of the weight bar and pressed downward until the weight of the bar was pressing on Jay’s throat cutting off his air supply.
“What the hell are you doing,” Jay struggled to say as he began to gasp for air.
“I’m just making sure you know who’s in charge around here and don’t get too big for your britches,” his father answered as he let up on the bar slightly for Jay to catch his breath but still held it in place.  “You don’t think I ever forgot what the trick you pulled with my whiskey, do you?”
Jay’s face was turning beet red as he struggled to hold the heavy bar up over his throat.  “Oh so you think you can just kick my dog whenever you want to and no one is supposed to do anything about it?  You may be the father of the house but that doesn’t give you the right to abuse everybody in it.”
“I only do what is necessary to keep everyone in line, that’s what fathers and husbands do, they keep order in the house.”
“By beating Mom up, trashing my room, and kicking our poor defenseless dog?”
“Listen Jay,” he said as he let up on the barbell that was now shaking from Jay’s uncontrolled grip, “you’ve grown up now and I just don’t want you to think you can get away with anything because you’re bigger and stronger.  As long as you’re under my roof you’ll do as I say.”
With that he lifted the barbell from Jay’s weakened grip and placed it on the supports overhead.  Walking to the steps he looked back at Jay laying there shaking the blood back into his arms as he sat on the bench.
“You’re still my one and only son and I love you dearly, but you have to know what your limits are around here.  End of conversation!”
Jay didn’t even look his way or give him the satisfaction of answering or making a comment, he just sat on the bench staring down at his numb hands.  It didn’t matter to him what his father said, he knew what kind of father and husband he was and nothing he could say or do would change that.  No matter how many bouquets of flowers or boxes of candy he walked in the front door with he was still an awful husband, and no matter how he treated Jay or what he said he was still a father that Jay despised.  The only lesson Jay learned from this incident was that he had to lock the basement door when he went down to work out.

Two weeks later full-time practices started at the university and Jay was spending as much time on the road as he was at the practice.  The practice was open to the public so Michele would travel down with him a lot of times otherwise she would spend her summer hardly seeing him.  She didn’t mind sitting in the stands watching him practice, in fact it was one of her favorite pastimes.  It also gave her the opportunity to introduce herself to the cheerleading coach in hopes of joining the squad the next fall once she graduated and joined Jay at the college.  Of course Jay didn’t mind one bit glancing up in the stands every chance he got to see a wave and pretty smile from his girl.
After about three weeks of practicing Jay was summoned into the coach’s office for a consultation just as all the other players were.  The coach was enthusiastic about Jay’s performance on the field and complimented him on his preparation at home before the season started.  He assured Jay that he would have a starting position for him this season if Jay continued to progress and learn the playbook as he had to this point.
“You have made outstanding progress on the field and I and the rest of the coaching staff are looking forward to you being our starting running back when the season starts,” said Coach Williams.  “We only have one problem which I need you to deal with immediately.”
“What’s that coach?”
“I have had three visits so far from your father and…”
“What!” Jay interrupted.
“Yes on three different occasions now your father has come into my office to tell me what a great son he has and that I should not only make you the starting running back but I should mold the entire offense around you.”
Jay couldn’t believe it and just wanted to crawl underneath the chair.
“Don’t get me wrong Jay, I have nothing against parents praising their kids and wanting only the best for them, but I will not tolerate a fat-headed parent who thinks he knows more what is best for the team than I do.  And I don’t mean to be disrespectful in calling your dad a fat-head.”
Jay had spent a lot of time wondering how to handle the situation with his father, not knowing whether to tell everyone at college about him in preparation for what may or may not happen, or whether to just wait and hope that he would never have to bring up his father’s name, but obviously now was the time to make a decision.
“Coach I apologize for my father’s conduct.  I didn’t realize he had been to visit you…he and I don’t talk much.” 
“You don’t live with your father?” Coach asked.
“Yes I live with him but we’re just not that close.  I mean he’s always been supportive when it comes to sports but he never knows where to draw the line and back off.  You see my dad has a control problem and is just the kind of man that feels he has to be in charge of everything.  But it doesn’t just stop with his opinion, he always goes way overboard to the point that he gets on everyone’s nerves and I apologize for that.”
“Well it’s not your fault Jay and I appreciate you being honest and up front with me on the subject.”
“Thanks Coach, I don’t want anything to jeopardize my chances of playing for this team and you can count on me always giving you one-hundred and ten percent in everything I do, but when it comes to controlling my father’s actions I just don’t know what to do.”
“Well knowing this now I will handle the situation as best I see fit and you can bet his actions will not influence or jeopardize your play on the field or off.  Just concentrate on your football, and that beautiful girl that watches you from the stands, and I’ll handle your father.”
With that the meeting was over and Jay felt real good about how it went and the advice that Coach Williams gave him.  He knew the coach probably had plenty of experience dealing with unruly parents through his many years of high school and collegiate coaching, he just hoped the coach would put his dad in place.
Jay was still embarrassed by the situation and thought he’d attempt to talk to his father and reason with him, something he hadn’t tried to do in a long time.  At the end of the week he caught his father home sitting in front of the television.
“Dad, can we talk for a minute?”
“Sure Jay, what is it?” his father answered as he clicked the mute button on the remote control.
“I spoke with Coach Williams today and besides giving me my customary critique for the week of practice he told me that you had stopped by to visit with him on three different occasions.”
“Yep, just wanted to make sure he knew the kind of player he was dealing with.”
“Dad, they gave me a full football scholarship so they know the kind of player I am and they know the way they want to meld me into their system, they don’t appreciate a parent trying to tell them how to run their football team.”
 “Well that’s too damn bad,” his father argued.  “I only have one son and he’s a star football player and I want to make sure they treat you as something special and not just another running back from high school.  I have a right to defend my son don’t you think?”
“But that’s just it Dad, you don’t need to defend me or try to tell them how to use me, they are professionals at what they do and they will mold me into the type of player that will make the most impact for the team.  They don’t need you to tell them that and I just wanted to ask if you’d just back off and leave the coaching to them.”
“I only do what I think is best and what needs to be said.  I’ve never shied away from voicing my opinion or telling people what I think of their performance and I’m not going to stop now, so save your breath.”
The conversation was just what Jay expected and he left the room feeling foolish for even attempting to rationalize with his father, he might as well just talk to Goldie.  But, he had made the attempt to quell the situation and would just leave it up to Coach to handle it as he saw fit, just hoping that it didn’t lead to more embarrassment.



CHAPTER 21


As the summer drew to an end he and Michele were super-excited about the new ventures ahead of them even though it meant they would hardly see each other.  Michele was now a senior in high school and making every effort to follow in Jay’s footsteps heading to the University of Maryland.
Jay had moved out of the house and was now living in a college dorm with another of his teammates.  His days were packed with classes during the day and practice every evening with the eventual anticipation of the upcoming football season starting in a week.  He hadn’t heard anything else from the coach so his hopes were that either his dad hadn’t paid another visit to the school or the coach put a stop to it once and for all.
He tried to call Michele almost every night before ending each exhausting day and when they couldn’t talk they’d at least text each other on the phone.   He’d also try and call his mom every morning just to check up on her and make sure she was doing okay, encouraged by the fact that the attacks were few and far between lately, or so she said.
On Saturday August 29th the football season started with their first game at the University of Delaware which was only a one hour and fifteen minute drive from Forest Lakes so Michele picked up Jay’s mom and the two of them came to cheer Jay on.
And cheer they did!  Jay was by far the freshman star of the show scoring four touchdowns to lead the team to a 34-10 victory over Delaware.  The only thing that kept him from scoring a school record fifth touchdown was a dropped pass that he should have had but misjudged late in the game.  After the game the three of them went out to dinner to celebrate the victory and Jay’s much deserved success.
It was great for Jay, seeing both of them after weeks without them, but he was disappointed seeing that his mom was once again showing signs of yet another beating.  He purposely didn’t bring it up for fear of embarrassment to her in front of Michele but even with all of the makeup she couldn’t hide the bruises and puffiness around her eyes and neck.  Jay just didn’t know how much more he could take knowing that he was there and his mom was at home with the animal that couldn’t control his temper.
In the next few weeks the stress began to take its toll on Jay as his mind was filled with not only his studies and his football but the thoughts of his mom living alone with this man three hours away.  He spent many sleepless nights reliving his childhood memories of hiding behind the couch trying not to hear his mother’s pleas for mercy.  Nightmares filled his head with the pounding of his father’s fists against her face and the pain that showed up on her face every morning at breakfast for all those years; years of crying and suffering through not only the brutal beatings but the forceful sex that he demanded whether she agreed or not.  He wondered just how many times she had been raped or forced to perform sexual acts against her will.  He knew all those things happened, witnessed by the sounds from their bedroom and her cries for mercy that he just couldn’t cover up with a pillow over his head.  It took a toll on him then and it was taking a toll on him now.
His professors began noticing a drop in his grades and Coach Williams called him into his office after practice one day just to see why his head wasn’t in the game.  Jay chalked it off using insomnia as his excuse, but deep inside he knew his mind was three hours away in Forest Lakes with his mom.
His memory of letting down the high school football team during the playoffs kept him focused enough to perform at his highest level at the next game.  He made up for his first dropped pass in game one by catching three touchdown passes in game two leading them to their second victory 24-3.  The next game, game three, would be their most important to date since it was their first game of the season in front of the hometown crowd.
Practice took a different tone for week three, besides it being the first home game; it was against Duke University, their bitter rival in the Atlantic Coast Conference.  If they had to win one game all year it had to be the home game against Duke and each team member knew it from day one.  It was this game that he had been hearing about since he joined the team and no matter what their record was, 2-0 or 0-2, they wanted to win big for the crowd and most important, bragging rights.
Duke was coming into the game also 2-0 having beaten Virginia and North Carolina State, so the coaching staff knew they had to be well-prepared with an excellent game plan and players on top of their game.  The game book had quite a few trick or unusual plays that they had not used to this point in the season so Jay, remembering high school, figured this was the game that those plays would surface so he was studying them extra hard.  He was involved in most of the special plays whether blocking, receiving, or running the ball so it was important as a rookie freshman that when the play was called in the huddle he knew exactly what to do.
The Friday before the game both Jay’s parents and Michele and her mom came down to College Park booking an overnight stay in the local hotel so they could be there bright and early on Saturday before the crowds arrived.  They didn’t make the three-hour trip together of course since there was no way Michele and her mom would have anything to do with Don Carlton, and Jay had made sure that they were seated in different rows in the stadium when he got the tickets. 
The stadium was packed that day and the crowd was loud and enthusiastic.  Cheerleaders from both sides were leading their respective fans in school cheers, one side trying to outdo the other.  In the locker room the players were pumped and the adrenalin was flowing as the crowd noise could be heard echoing through the hallways.
“I don’t have to stand before you and tell you how important this game is,” Coach Williams preached, “because you have been hearing about and preparing for Duke University since your first day at the University of Maryland.  No game is as important as this one.  No game on our schedule will get our fans more worked up than this one.  No game will get the blood flowing in each of your body’s the way this game will.  It is only game three in a long season, but it is still the turning point for both teams; the point that dictates which way the season continues, upward or downward.”
The locker room was so quiet you could have heard a pin drop as each player sat motionless hanging on every word their coach had to say.
“But it’s not a difficult game for us if you each manage your positions and follow the playbook.  Don’t concentrate on what your teammates are doing and don’t concentrate on what Duke is doing, concentrate on where you are supposed to be for each play and what your assignment is.  If you do that, I can guarantee you will beat Duke and leave this stadium today 3-0 in the conference.  You have put your heart and soul into each practice and my coaching staff has drilled every play into your head until you can perform it without even thinking, so don’t think about it, don’t hesitate for a second, just execute.  If you do that, the victory will be ours.  Let’s go out and play this first half of football with speed, wisdom, brute force, and with the knowledge that we are the best team on the field.  Let’s come back in at halftime with our heads held high knowing that the Duke Blue Devils will be stunned by our overpowering ease of controlling the game.  Now let’s get out there and show Duke what it’s like to play football on our home turf.  Let’s show Duke University what it feels like to play the Terps at home.  Now give me a hands-in and a loud Terps yell!”
With that the whole team gathered at the center of the locker room, each player extended a hand into the center of the circle.
“Go Terps,” they yelled in unison as they each grabbed their helmets and headed out the tunnel onto the field.
The stadium crowd broke into a loud roar as the teams entered the field and the appreciative noise didn’t stop until halftime.  The two teams traded scores back and forth throughout the half ending in a 24-24 tie.
The locker room was quiet as the team waited for Coach Williams not knowing what his reaction to the game thus far would be.  He entered with a solemn look on his face. 
“Okay men, we’ve played a conservative first half and let Duke believe they can play football right alongside of us, but that is all about to change.  This half of football coming up is going to just blow their socks off.  We are pulling out all stops and digging deep into our playbook to show this crowd some football plays they’ve never seen before.  You’ve practiced these plays time and time again and now is the time to strut our stuff men, now is the time to leave the Duke Blue Devils with their mouths hanging wide open, now is the time to show them what playing on our home turf is all about.  Are you with me guys?”
“We’re with you coach,” yelled the team in unison.
He had them pumped up and ready to go as they left the locker room slapping each other in excitement.
Duke started the half by kicking off to Maryland and their first surprise move was putting Jay back at the goal line to catch the ball instead of their usual kickoff returner.  By the time the Duke coaching staff discovered Jay was back there it was too late to make any kind of strategic change so the ball was kicked directly to Jay.  He was much quicker than a normal return man with plenty of moves to throw the other team off as he zigzagged down the field for a 94-yard score.  The whole stadium went insane as well as his teammates who surrounded him as he trotted off the field.  Jay ran directly over to their defensive squad as they were about to take the field and pumped them up with a yell of his own.
“Okay defense, let’s see if you can hold these Dukies scoreless, the offense is counting on you!”
They not only held Duke scoreless but threw them for three straight losses through the third quarter which ended 37-24.
Duke made a few adjustments to start the fourth quarter and immediately scored on a long passing play to their tight end who to this point hadn’t caught a single pass all day.  They then came back and scored for a second time on the same passing play while holding Maryland scoreless to take a 38-37 lead.  The coach called a timeout and huddled his team around him.
“Okay guys, we’ve played around with these guys enough, it’s time to show them what we have.  Are you ready to blow them away?”
With a gigantic Terps yell the offense went back on the field as they huddled and the quarterback called for play Blue-33-right-left.  On this play the two wide receivers take off in a crisscross pattern down the field while the tight-end and fullback make a shallow crisscross pattern just beyond the defensive line.  At the same time, after a long and short fake, the quarterback throws a short pass to the halfback Jay, number 33, who heads straight down the hopefully cleaned out field of play.  It worked perfectly.  The Duke defensive backs, linebackers, and safeties all tried to cover the pass play while Jay ran untouched into the end zone, 44-37.
Duke tried desperately to recover from that play but were thrown for losses again as Maryland again took the field on offense.  This time, from their own 18 yard line, they called what looked like the same play, Blue-33-right-left, but they added a twist that again caught Duke napping.  As the receivers headed downfield, Duke’s safeties held up thinking the same play was coming but this time when the quarterback tossed the ball to Jay, instead of tucking the ball in and running as before, he turned and tossed the ball back to the quarterback which caused the stuttering safeties to again head downfield to the cover the receivers.  Jay trotted down to midfield where the quarterback again tossed him the ball and he plowed into the end zone carrying two defenders on his back, 51-37.  The game ended 72 seconds later.



CHAPTER 22


The crowd was ecstatic as the entire team surrounded Jay, as did the coaching staff, the cheerleaders, and the media as he made his way to the sidelines and finally into the locker room.
He was the center of attention through the remainder of the evening but what was most on his mind was meeting up with Michele, her mom, and his parents to get their reaction to the game.  They knew the stadium area would be impossible to try and meet so they had pre-arranged to meet at a local restaurant for dinner.
After freshening up at his dorm Jay jumped in the car and headed out to the restaurant excited to see his family and knowing how excited they would be that they won the game.  As he entered and walked to their table his excitement was quelled by the absence of people at the table.
“Where’s my parents,” Jay asked as he approached Michele and her mom who were sitting alone.
Michele got up to give him a congratulatory hug but could tell that he was not a happy person.
“Sit down Jay and we’ll tell you the story,” said Patty as she pulled out the chair between her and Michele.
“This is unbelievable,” he barked as he abruptly sat down and crossed his arms.  “Did they even show up for the game?”
“Jay,” Patty Somerset said again, “please just calm down and let me explain, okay?
He unfolded his arms, gave them both a hug, and took a sip from the water glass sitting in front of him.
Patty continued.
“Yes they both came down for the game and were sitting six rows in front of us so we know they were there, but it didn’t go good.”
She hesitated as she also took a drink of water and rested her hand on Jay’s arm knowing he wouldn’t be happy with what she was about to tell him.
“About halfway through the second quarter your dad was getting very loud and obnoxious and the people around him were making comments so it looked to us that your mom asked him to take her back to the room because she was getting too embarrassed.  Anyway, we saw them both get up and leave before halftime.”
“I should have guessed that,” Jay answered with a disgusted tone to his voice.  “You remember how he acted at my high school games, like a drunken jerk.  I guess nothing has changed.  So they missed the whole second half?”
“No he was back just as the second half started but your mom didn’t return with him.”
“She stayed in the hotel?”
“I guess so; we didn’t see her for the rest of the game.”
“Was he acting the same way for the second half,” Jay asked.
“Worse.  Every time you had a great play he’d jump up out of seat and yell and scream your name.  It got so bad they finally came and two ushers tried to remove him from the stands.”
“What do you mean tried to remove him,” he asked.
“Well he started swinging so wildly he was not only hitting the ushers but the other people around him so they finally got three policemen to escort him out in handcuffs.”
“Good, I hope they lose the keys!  What an absolute jerk.  And I’m sure everyone around you in the stands knew he was my dad…how embarrassing is that.”
Michele, who had been quiet up to this point leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Jay nobody in those stands was paying any attention to what your dad was saying, they were too busy cheering for you and the team.  You had a fantastic game sweetie and we’re so proud of you.”
Jay’s flushed red face began to slowly drain as his attention moved from the image of his father to the table he was sitting at.
“Thanks, I really appreciate both of you being here to support me and the team; it really does mean a lot to me.”
He paused as he took another gulp of water.
“I hate to say this but I really can’t stay and have dinner with you, I just have to go to the hotel and make sure my mom is okay.  I apologize…I hope you both understand.”
They agreed with his concern but made him promise to call them on his cell phone and come back to have dinner once he talked to his mom.
He kissed them both, jumped in his car and headed straight for the hotel with his mind racing at the thought of what he might find.  He knew his father would be pissed at her for making him leave the game and he knew she would pay the price for that action.
He arrived and knocked on the door lightly and then harder as he became impatient for an answer.  He stepped back as he heard someone fidgeting with the doorknob and watched as the door slowly cracked open.  He saw his mother peek out the opening.
“Mom it’s me, are you okay?”
She closed the door slightly to unlatch the safety lock and swung the door open for him to enter as she swirled quickly around and walked inside.
“Mom are you okay,” he again asked as he caught up with her and grabbed the back of her arm spinning her slowly around.
She didn’t have to say a word because he could see that she had again been brutally beaten.  Her lip was puffed out about three times the size, her left eye was almost closed and blood was caked at the bottom of her nose where it had been bleeding.
“Oh my god,” he said as he pulled her close into his body and hugged her as gently as he could.
They stood in silence for the longest time as they sobbed, her from pain and him from pity.  Finally he spoke.
“Mom…when are you going to put an end to this?”
He held her in his arms and waited for an answer; an answer he knew he hadn’t gotten in the past and didn’t expect to get now.  His father had her wrapped around his finger and had her brainwashed and scared to death.  It was at that moment as he held her and heard her silence that he decided the only way to rid her of him was to do it himself. 
He knew he couldn’t leave her so he called room service and ordered dinner for both of them, then called Michele and told her what had happened and why he wouldn’t be returning to the restaurant.
All he could think about was comforting his mom and retaliating against his father.



CHAPTER 23


They ate dinner and stayed in the room the rest of night squelching their anger and talking about the game.  He could read the anguish on her face as she struggled to hold back the pain while telling him how proud she was of him as she watched him run down the field.  His mom hadn’t always supported him playing football because of the high rate of injuries, but through the years her fear eased with each game she attended, and now she was his biggest fan.
It broke his heart to look at his mom and see the pain in her face as she struggled to smile.  He had all but given up trying to talk some sense into her head about leaving this monster she lived with, the man she admittedly still was in love with, a love that Jay couldn’t understand.  His life was filled with far less experience than hers but he knew what love was and didn’t understand how you could love someone who treated you so cruelly; someone who beat you rather than hug you.  Jay loved Michele and couldn’t for an instant think of laying a hand on her…not for a second.
At this point Jay just wanted to get his mom out of there and get her home.  He checked with the front desk of the hotel and found out that his dad had already checked out and paid the bill in advance, which meant he just took the car and headed home without her.  He spoke with Michele and they were going to swing by her room, pack her things into the car, and take her home with them; which was fine with Jay because he knew that Patty would continue the lecture on the trip home trying to also convince her to seek help.
Once they left, Jay went back to his dorm room and crashed on the bed.  His body was dead tired and sore from the game but his mind was racing a hundred miles an hour thinking of his mom and what he could do to rid her of this awful person living with her.  He wanted so bad to just confront his father yet again and push him into leaving of his own free will; packing his bags and leaving their lives for good, but unfortunately he knew that would never happen and again he knew his mom would be hurt yet again, this time in the heart rather than in the body.  He fell sound asleep dreaming of the day his father would no longer be in their lives.

The fall semester was zipping by and Jay kept very busy between football practice and classes on weekdays and football games and studying on weekends.  Classes were a lot harder than he figured this semester since he was taking a lot of the freshman required courses, not yet knowing what his declared major would be.  He always had a dream while growing up that he wanted to play professional sports and now with the opportunities he had taken advantage of on the football team, he focused directly on a football career.  But he also knew that football couldn’t be his life forever and he wanted to declare a major that would point him into a career after football, a career that would be not only interesting but lucrative enough to support the family he hoped to have.
Michele made the three hour drive down to College Park every weekend, not only helping him with his studies but going to every football game to support her guy.  They had become extremely close during that time, even closer than they had become in high school, to the point of even talking marriage one day once they both finished college.  She already knew she wanted a career in psychology, preferably working with young kids as a guidance counselor, so it was just a matter of choosing a career for him.  He had often thought of majoring in criminal justice and possibly going into law enforcement but even though Michele supported him in any decision he made, she wasn’t crazy about him hitting the streets and putting his life on the line every day.  But, it was something he had plenty of time to decide since he didn’t have to declare his major until his junior year.
Thanksgiving was quickly approaching which meant a full week at home before finals started in December.  The football team was completing an undefeated season having played nine games with only the final game with Duke remaining after the holiday break.  This time they would be playing Duke down on their turf so the task was much, much harder, but knowing an undefeated season was at stake provided all the motivation Jay and his teammates needed.  Jay remained the star of every highlight reel scoring at least three touchdowns in every game and close to breaking the school record of 35 touchdowns in a season, he now had 33.  But regardless of the important game and the excitement it generated, he was looking forward to a week at home with Michele, his mom, and no football except on TV.
He arrived home about 4:30 Friday afternoon as soon as his last class was over.  Stopping off at Michele’s house he quickly gave her a hug and kiss, making plans to see her later that night to maybe go out dancing at one of the local clubs with a few of their friends, then hurriedly sped home to see his mom who he hadn’t seen for almost two months.
Walking in the door he could smell her home cooking brewing on the stove as he took a deep breath of that wonderful unforgettable smell.
“Mom I’m home,” he yelled as he plopped his small duffel bag down at the foot of the stairs and ran towards the kitchen.
She came bounding out with her arms spread wide open and a smile that engulfed her entire face.
“Oh Jay I’m so glad you’re home for the holidays, I just couldn’t sleep last night thinking of seeing you today.”
“Me too mom, I couldn’t wait to get here.  I don’t think I heard one word the professor said today in my last class, my thoughts were just of getting home and seeing you, I can’t believe it’s been two whole months since you were down for the football game.”
“I know, two months since I’ve seen my boy,” she said as she grabbed his face with both her hands and gave him a huge wet kiss from the tears running down her face.  “You seem even bigger now than I remembered you, have you been doing nothing but eating?”
Jay laughed as he backed up and raised his arms over his head in a muscle-man pose.
“This is what football, working out, and eating cafeteria food does for you,” he said as he moved his arms down in front of him striking yet another pose.  “But I will say that none of the food I ate at school smells like what I smell right now coming out of your kitchen.  Mom I sure have missed your home cooking, that’s for sure.”
She blushed as she slapped him on the arm and walked him into the kitchen.
“Now sit down and tell me all about the last two months while I finish getting our dinner ready.”
They spent the next hour filling each other in on their lives as she finished dinner and he set the table.
“Should I set the table for two or three,” he asked as he paused at the dinner plate cupboard waiting for her answer.
“Just the two of us,” she answered.
Jay joyfully finished setting the table as she loaded the food into bowls and handed them to him.  He decided to wait until they sat down to eat to begin questioning the whereabouts of his father, a subject he knew would put a damper on their entire celebration.
Ten minutes into the meal he turned the subject towards his dad.
“So how have things been around here mom, and be honest with me please.”
“Things have been okay Jay and I mean that.  Your father has been very happy in this job he got at the end of the summer and he’s doing real well.  He comes home from work just about every evening and we have dinner just the two of us and it’s been pretty good.”
“And what about his drinking,” Jay asked as he stopped eating and stared directly into his mothers eyes waiting for an answer.
“Well to be honest with you dear, the drinking is still there.  He probably stops off at the bar every other day and spends most of the weekend there drinking and shooting pool with his buddies, but I’ve come to accept that so no big deal, that’s our life.”
Jay studied his mom’s face as she answered his question.  He looked hard to see if the all too familiar bruises were hiding underneath her makeup that she had become so good at covering up, but she actually looked pretty good.
“Is he still being violent with you mom?”
The usual pause was still there that told Jay immediately what the real answer was.
“Sometimes dear, but nowhere near as often as before; things have gotten a lot better around here Jay, believe me they have.”
He wanted so much to believe her but having lived through so many years of hearing the screams and seeing the abuse told him different.  An abuser doesn’t stop; he thrives on the abuse and uses it to build his own ego of dominance.  He just knew she was lying but for her sake he let it go.
“Great mom, I’m glad to hear that.”
They finished a wonderful dinner and after helping her clean the table he raced upstairs to put his stuff away, take a quick shower, and spend a little time with Goldie before meeting Michele.
After giving her a huge hug and thanking her for dinner he picked up Michele and they met two other couples at their favorite pub for drinks.  The six of them had two drinks apiece along with some finger foods and then excitedly left for the dance club that was having their all-time favorite band Pen Lucy playing.  The six of them danced the night away before leaving to head their separate ways.
Michele and Jay parked in front of her house talking and talking for the better part of two hours.  They had seen each other every weekend on her trips down to school but still had a ton of things to talk about.  Finally the talk stopped and they embraced letting their lips silently talk for the next hour before Jay called it a night.  He was dead tired from a long day and knew he would need all his energy for the rest of the long week at home.
After saying goodnight for almost fifteen minutes he finally pushed her out of the car and watched her mesmerizing walk to the front door.  She waved, blew him a kiss and went inside.



CHAPTER 24


Jay pulled in the driveway, gazing angrily at the car in front of him as he turned off his headlights.  His dad was home.  
As he walked through the door he had trained himself to listen for those all too familiar sounds that he grew up with.  Could he hear a fight brewing between his parents, the sound of his mother crying alone in a room somewhere, or the heart wrenching sounds of her pitiful groans of pain?  This time it was her groans.
He let go of the door and immediately ran towards the kitchen where he found her laying huddled in a corner with her hands pressed up against her face.
“Mom, are you okay,” he yelled as he ran to her and knelt down.  
Reaching up and pulling her hands away revealed the horror of her latest attack.  Both eyes were almost completely shut and blood was trickling down both sides of her mouth.  He quickly ran over to the sink and grabbed the kitchen washcloth, running cold water over it to get it soft.  Handing it to her he opened the freezer door grabbing two ice cubes and put them in separate paper towels for her to hold against her bulging eyes.  Once that was done, without asking, he dialed 9-1-1 and asked for an ambulance and police.
“No Jay, don’t do that,” she asked, but it was too late and he wasn’t about to listen this time anyway.
Within minutes the sirens could be heard out front and Jay raced to the door to let them in.  The ambulance attendants were accompanied by two police officers.
“Is this another domestic dispute,” asked the older officer who Jay recognized from a previous visit to the house.
“Sure is,” Jay answered.  “And he beat her up bad this time.”
“Is your father in the house,” the younger officer asked.
“I haven’t even checked,” Jay answered, “but I assume he is because his car is in the driveway.
Both police officers satisfied that the ambulance attendants had everything in hand, drew their guns, and started searching the house.  Jay stayed with his mom trying to provide what little comfort he could.
Within minutes the two officers returned saying the house was empty.
“That’s weird, I can’t imagine him walking anywhere, he always drives even if it’s just to the mailbox,” Jay replied shrugging his shoulders.  
“Well we’re going to leave the house and scout around the neighborhood to see if we can spot him; do you know what he’s wearing?”
“I couldn’t tell you,” Jay answered, “but I can tell you that he’ll be staggering drunk when you do find him.  Just throw him in jail and throw the key away; I’m going to the hospital with my mom.”
They didn’t reply to Jay’s comment but said they’d be to the hospital in a little while to get a statement from her.
Jay followed the ambulance in his car and spent nearly three hours waiting for her to get checked in and assigned a room.  They had dressed all of her wounds and decided to hook her up to an IV to nourish her body and keep her overnight for observation.  X-rays had not shown any broken bones or internal injuries but the entire trauma had her shaking and with her eyes almost closed she couldn’t see what was happening around her.
As she finally fell asleep the nurses encouraged Jay to go home and get some rest himself after such an adrenalin-pumping experience.  The police had been there and written numerous reports which they would serve as soon as they located his father, so Jay left for home.
Michele was concerned that she hadn’t heard from Jay in some time so decided to drop by his house.  Seeing his father’s car in the driveway made her hesitate in deciding whether to stop or not but knowing things had been going pretty good at the house she decided to stop in just to find out where Jay was.  After knocking several times she became puzzled as to why the car would be there yet no answer so she walked around to the back of the house and tried again with no luck.  With that she decided to head home and wait for Jay to return her call.
Pulling into the driveway behind his father’s car didn’t aggravate Jay as it usually does since he knew the man wasn’t home this time, or so he thought.
As he closed the car door and started towards the house he looked to see the front door half open which he knew he shut when they left for the hospital.  His first instinct was to get on his cell phone and call the police but the more he stared at the open front door as he walked, the more the adrenalin pumped in his body.  He would love nothing more than to confront this man who so brutally beat up his mom again.
Pushing the front door open the rest of the way he slowly walked in as his eyes wandered in every direction.  Looking through the kitchen and into the living room he saw nothing but empty silent rooms.
As he turned and headed down the hallway to their bedroom he could see the door half open and gave it a gentle push as he approached.
There, laying half on the bed and half off was his inebriated father; a half bottle of Jack Daniels was on the nightstand beside the bed and a torn in half picture of Michele was lying on the floor.
He picked up the picture that used to be in his bedroom, holding both halves together as his face turned a beet red and his hands began to tremble uncontrollably. 
Jay walked over to the bed yelling obscenities.
“Wake up you bastard, wake up so I can beat the shit out of you!”
As his shouting went meaningless he pulled his father off the bed watching as his limp body hit the floor.  A groan exited his body as it lie motionless at Jay’s feet.
Thoughts of going to the kitchen and getting a kitchen knife were swimming in his mind as he thought how great it would be to end it all right now.  He remembered how fulfilled he felt kicking his father a few times in a fit of anger and as the blood rushed to his face his breathing grew louder and his rage intensified.  
At that moment adrenalin took control of his body and his emotions as he began kicking him repeatedly.  He walked from side to side kicking as hard as he possibly could as the groans grew louder and more intense.  He began to talk as the beating continued.
“How does it feel to have someone beat on you?  This one is for Mom!  And this one is for slapping Michele you spineless animal.”
The kicking only subsided for a minute as he leaned over and began punching his father in the face repeatedly.
“For years I have been waiting to do this and now you’ll get what you deserve you drunken bastard.”
The beating was halted by the sound of the telephone ringing on the nightstand.  Jay stopped and looked over at it before getting to his feet and yanking the phone cord out of the wall.
Without giving it a second thought he continued the unmerciful beating as each kick and each punch brought back the memories of his defenseless mother who suffered through the beatings for all those years.
This explosion of revenge had been building inside of him for years and now with every swing he was repaying his father just as he had always dreamed of doing.
Looking back at his father’s lifeless but breathing body he smiled at the result of what he had done.  His father’s face was so beaten and bloodied as Jay looked at his own bloodied hands, red from the continuous pounding into his dad’s face.  He glanced down at his boots and could see they too were covered with blood as each kick went deeper and deeper into the skin.
This can’t end here he thought as his body took control of his mind and the rage set his actions in motion.
He went to the sink and washed his hands then opened the back kitchen door and went out to the shed.  Grabbing a shovel he walked out behind the shed and through the small wooded area that led to a large corn field and began to dig.  Each shovel full of dirt sparked his motivation even more as the hole got deeper and the pile of dirt grew higher; he wanted it extra deep vowing to get as close to hell as he could.  Within minutes he had reached the culmination of a dream he had nurtured since he was a small boy hiding behind a couch with his hands over his ears, he had dug his father’s grave.
Throwing the shovel to the side he marched back through the field and woods and into the house where he gathered the blanket off of the bed and rolled his father onto it.  He knew the limp drunken body was too much for him to carry but with pure adrenalin he pulled the blanket through the house and out the back door towards the woods.  He stopped momentarily breathing heavily as he re-gripped the blanket and again began to tug the dead weight of his father over the ground.  He startled himself as he heard a sudden noise and turned quickly to see he had knocked over a rake that was leaning against the shed.  His father’s arm was sticking straight out and had knocked it over interrupting the silence of the night.  He continued pulling through the woods and finally into the field next to the empty hole.
He stood out of breath and motionless as he looked down into the empty hole and then over at his father’s battered body.  Another smile formed on his face as he watched with delight at every breath his father struggled to take.  Jay wasn’t sure which was better, watching him gasp for air or looking over at the hole that was soon to be his resting place.
He bent down closer as he noticed his eyelids flickering trying to open through his puffy blood-soaked eyes.
“Jay, is that you?” came a faint small whisper from the body.  “What is going on?”
He knelt down beside his body and leaned over close to his face.
“Yeah it’s me Dad, your son.  Not feeling too good are you?” Jay whispered back with another smile on his face.
“Jay I can hardly breathe, you’ve got to help me.  I think someone has beaten me up.”
“Yep you’ve been beaten up Dad and I’m the one who is enjoying doing it.  How do you feel right now?  Probably the same way mom has felt all these years every time you beat up on her.  Doesn’t feel real good does it Dad?”
“Jay, please help me,” came another gasp.
“I’ll help you Dad,” Jay snapped as he took his fist and pounded it into the side of his father’s face.
“Jay….Jay….” was all he could manage to say as his eyes again tried to focus on his son.
“I really hope you’re awake for this part Dad.”
Leaning over he grabbed the edges of the blanket and jerked them up as the body fell heavily into the hole.
He looked down into the new grave.  Look up, he thought, I’d love for you to see what’s happening to you and beg me for mercy.  Beg me the way mom has begged for mercy all these years.
He grabbed the shovel and scooping up the dirt began to shovel it back into the hole on top of his father.  He didn’t hesitate, he didn’t waiver, and he didn’t stop shoveling until the body was fully covered.  He stopped as he heard a murmur.
There beneath the dirt he could hear the faint sounds of someone gasping for breath.  He smiled as he watched the dirt shift and move as the body underneath of it struggled for air.  He reached over and began to throw small rocks into the hole in hopes of securing the body in the ground even more.
He shoveled a few more times then went over to the edge of the woods and rolled over a large boulder.  Reaching down he picked up the blanket and threw it into the hole then pushed at the large boulder watching it fall into the half-filled hole.  He wanted to insure that his dad’s body didn’t float to the top of the hole by any means possible.
He continued until the hole was full.
He went back to the shed and retrieving their wheelbarrow he put the rest of the dirt into it and wheeled it up to the vegetable garden on the side of the house.  He spread the dirt over the garden and returned the wheelbarrow to the shed.  For the next two hours he cleaned himself, the house, and the path to the field so there were no traces of what had happened.  No traces of blood from the beating he had inflicted on his father; no traces of dragging the blanket through the woods, and no traces of the freshly dug hole that he stamped down and covered with debris to look like the rest of the unplowed field.
Jay walked back into the house, plugged the bedroom phone back into the wall, then moving to the living room sat in his father’s chair, and smiled knowing he had finally ended his family’s long struggle.  His mind raced as he felt gratified by what he had just done this night; no remorse, no guilt, just complete satisfaction.
He grabbed his cell phone and called Michele and told her what had happened with his mom and that he was home now and going to sleep.  She said she had tried to call earlier but just got a busy signal on the line so she got in her car and drove over.  She parked and walked up but couldn’t get anyone to answer the front or back doors so she left to wait for his call.  
He leaned back in his father’s favorite chair, closed his eyes, and was happy!



CHAPTER 25


He woke up startled by the sound of someone beating on the front door.  He had fallen asleep in the chair and was out like a light the entire night.
Opening the door he was greeted by the same two officers.
“I’m sorry sir, did we wake you?”
“Yeah I guess you did,” Jay said as he opened the door and motioned for them to come in.  “I was watching TV last night in the living room chair and I guess that’s where I spent the night.”
“We didn’t want to come back last night and disturb you because we knew you were exhausted when you left the hospital and obviously upset over what had happened to your mother.  We put out an APB last night on your father but nothing has happened, we haven’t found him anywhere.”
“Do you know what he was wearing last?” asked the other officer.
“No in fact I don’t,” Jay answered as he led them to the kitchen and poured himself a glass of orange juice.  “Can I get either one of you a glass?
“No thank you, we’ve both had breakfast earlier.  So you don’t know what he was wearing?”
“No, I was at the library most of the afternoon and into the evening.  My girlfriend Michele and I were studying all night there.  We left about nine-thirty and both headed to our homes.  I got here about nine-forty five and that’s when I discovered my mom and called you guys, so I hadn’t seen my dad since the day before.”
“Do you have any ideas where he might have gone last night?”
“No, other than work, the bar, and home, that’s about the extent of his life.”
Do you know what bar he frequents?”
“Sure he spends all his time at Gene’s Bar on Jarrettsville Road.  If he’s not at work or at home that’s usually where you’ll find him.”
“Okay thanks,” Officer Jenkins responded as he glanced around the kitchen.  “Have you cleaned this place up since last night?”
“Yeah I couldn’t stand seeing my mom’s blood on the floor and table so I scrubbed everything down good.  I wouldn’t want her coming home to see that and remind her of what happened here.”
“Good idea,” he said as they both headed back through the living room and out the front door.  “Well, if your father shows up at the house just give us a call right away and we’ll be back here to pick him up.”
Jay thanked them and closed the door.
Heading up to his bedroom he showered and changed to head directly to the hospital to check on his mom.  He was walking out the front door when the phone rang.
It was Michele and she wanted to go with him to the hospital and spend the day.  He picked her up and they arrived just as the nurses were removing her IV and taking her blood pressure.
“Has she woken up yet?” Jay asked as he pulled up the green chair for Michele to sit.  Walking around the other side he pulled the red chair up alongside the bed and took his mom’s hand in his.
“No she hasn’t but she should be waking up real soon.  Did you get a good night’s sleep last night?” the nurse asked.
“Sure did,” he answered, “it was the best night’s sleep I’ve ever had.”
He noticed that they looked at him kind of funny when he said that so he added, “I was so dead tired I could have slept anywhere.”
They both laughed as they walked out of the room.
“You slept good last night huh Jay?” asked Michele.
“Yeah I was really exhausted.  After studying at the library all afternoon and then coming home and finding my mom like that, I was just drained.”
It was about an hour after they got to her bedside that his mom awoke and seemed unaware of where she was or what had happened.  They immediately rang the nurse’s bell to let them know she was awake as Jay held her hand and tried to explain what had taken place the day before.
The doctor came into the room shortly after and explained to them about her ribs and her slight concussion and that she should be fine to go home the next morning if she didn’t have a fever and if they treated her with TLC for the next few days.  He happily agreed.

Jay and Michele picked her up at the hospital the next morning and arrived home to a special dinner being prepared by Michele’s mom Patty.  They helped her into the house and to Donnas’ delight all sat down to a wonderful home cooked meal that was by far a welcome sight after three days of hospital food.
They stayed for a short while after dinner but finally gathered all her dirty dishes and headed home to give Jay and his mom time together; besides, she tired easily from the medicine and didn’t want to chance a headache which could aggravate her concussion.
Jay wondered how long it would take his mom to ask the big question and their guests were no sooner out the door before it came.
“Where’s your dad Jay?”
“No one’s seen him Mom.  In fact the police have an APB out on him and have been looking for two days now with no sign of him anywhere.”
“What’s an APB?” she asked.
“An all points bulletin,” he responded.  “It’s a tool the police use to alert all police agencies to be on the lookout for someone.”
“And you haven’t seen him at all?  He hasn’t been here to the house?”
“I haven’t seen him since the day before he attacked you when we had dinner together.”
“He hasn’t even called?”
“Nothing mom, he seems to have just disappeared.  When I got home that night his car was in the driveway but he was nowhere in the house.  I told the police officers that he never walks anywhere and it was strange that his car was here but he wasn’t.”
“But that’s just not like him.”
“Well mom, maybe he knows he really hurt you bad this time and just couldn’t face any of us, especially you.  Do you remember anything about that night?”
“Yes I remember coming home from my support meeting and he was home from work early.  He confronted me about going to the meeting and lying to him about it; that’s when he attacked me.  He really did hurt me this time and to tell you the truth Jay I’ve had just about enough of him and his reign of terror on me.”
“Well hallelujah Mom I can’t believe I hear what you’re saying.  Maybe he inadvertently knocked some sense into your head,” Jay said with a laugh.
They both had a good laugh about his comment but agreed that now was the time to make a change in lifestyle.  She admitted that talking to Patty and Kay and joining the support group did her a world of good and what they were all saying was finally sinking in.  She knew that spending her life in misery like this was not part of her dream in growing old; that she would much rather grow old alone than grow old being beaten up and living a life of fear.
“So, now what do you do Mom?”
“Well, as soon as I can travel around by myself again I’m going over to Kay and learn more about this protective order thing she mentioned.  That’s where I’ll start!

The next day Donna visited Kay at her office to catch her up on what had happened over the past week and also to get information from her.
“So the support group has really helped you?” asked Kay.
“Definitely.  It not only gave me the valuable information I needed to try and quell any violent situations before they arose, but also how to avoid a confrontation by just getting away.  Unfortunately I was caught quite by surprise and by the time I realized what was happening he was on top of me pounding away.  But I did survive and I’m now ready for the next step in my self-rehabilitation which is getting him out of the house.”
“So he is still living with you?” Kay asked.
“Well yes he is, but I haven’t seen him since the beating.  The police can’t seem to find him and he just seems to have disappeared.”
“It sounds like he’s aware of what happened and after going to jail once for domestic battery he figures he’ll be put in jail again and this time for a lot longer.”
“So what exactly is a restraining order?” Donna asked.
“A restraining order is a court order intended to protect you from further harm from whoever is hurting you, which is your husband Don.  Now the court has many options and is usually very specific in these cases as to what the abuser can and can’t do.  The abuser can be ordered not to have any contact with you either in person, by phone, work, or almost anywhere you ask the court to stipulate.  It can also include Jay if you choose.  The court can also order him to leave the house that you share even if it’s in his name.”
“Will he have the right to take his things, like clothing and personal stuff?”
“The judge can order the police to escort him in removing any personal items from the house so that you have protection during that process, which is very common in these situations.”
“What if he comes to the house or approaches me while the order is in effect, what do I do?”
“If he violates any part of the order call the police right away.  They will immediately sign a criminal complaint against him for contempt of court and he will be arrested.”
Donna sat silent for a minute as she digested all the information.
“Do you understand everything?” Kay asked.  “You seem hesitant.
“Well I’m hesitant because I’m still home alone and Don is out there somewhere and he’ll be thoroughly pissed off at me now for kicking him out of his house.  He beat me up good for lying to him; I can only imagine what he’ll do for this.”
“Donna this is something you have to do and now is the time.  It’s obvious that each beating has gotten more and more violent and you’ve landed in the hospital for the last three; so before it’s too late and you’re really hurt bad go get the order.”
Donna was finally convinced and agreed to go from there to the police station and file the request but she wanted Jay to go with her so she called his cell phone and arranged to meet him there.
They sat with a Sergeant Collins who was aware of the current case and pulled the files up on his computer to obtain the history of abuse.
“Have you seen your husband at all since Tuesday before last when the abuse took place?” he asked.
“Well no we haven’t, that’s why there’s still an APB out trying to find him,” Jay answered back at what seemed like a stupid question to him.
“I know he hasn’t shown up anywhere since the assault but I’m assuming he will eventually come home and I don’t want him there.  I’m hoping you catch him first and he goes to jail so I don’t have to deal with him or his temper any more but in the mean time I’d like to get this restraining order in place so I can rest easy again,” Donna said.
“Well we certainly hope we catch him before he shows up at your house also, but the thing is we can’t serve him with a restraining order until we know where he is.  I mean he can’t be charged with violating the order if he doesn’t even know there is one; do you understand?”
They both agreed and filled out all the appropriate paperwork before they left so that it could be served immediately once he was found.
Of course Jay was the only one who knew they would never need the restraining order because he would never be found alive.



CHAPTER 26


The final four days of his holiday vacation were hectic for Jay with seeing Michele, travelling down to school for football practice, while unexpectedly juggling his day to day visits with the police.  It seemed they visited the house every other day with questions about his dad and how he could have just disappeared off the face of the earth.
Jay, keeping his cool, answered everything to a tee never wavering for a minute as they questioned every aspect of those couple of days surrounding the incident.  
Jay’s careful cleanup of the house, yard, and surrounding area during the two days that followed the murder kept him confident that his crime would go undetected as long as he stuck to his story.  The two days his mom was in the hospital gave him plenty of time to not only clean up the scene but plan for the hundreds of questions he knew he would have to answer once his father was declared missing.  He knew the only people at the house for those two days besides him was the two officers that stopped by the morning after, but they only talked to him briefly and didn’t really look around.
The clothes he was wearing and the towels he used to clean up, he discarded in the trash weeks ago so they were all gone.  He thoroughly covered up his trail leading through the woods many times plus they had two windy rainy storms since then so that was good.  And finally the field where he buried his father, once solidly covered and re-covered by him after it settled, had now been plowed over by their neighbor who farms it every year for a corn crop, which Jay had counted on.
Everything was going as planned including the joyous time he was having with the two most important women in his life, as well as the pure joy of knowing his father would never be around again spoil it all.
It was in the next to last week of his holiday vacation that Jay’s world began turning upside down.  On a routine visit to the house to ask yet more questions, Jay saw the detectives questioning switching from him to his mom.  Their questions seemed to center around the time that his mom was assaulted and the time that Jay arrived home to find her.
“Were the two of you alone in the house?” Detective Adams asked.
“Yes,” his mom replied.
“Tell me again what the fight was about that led to the assault.”
“It was just another stupid accusation by him that I wasn’t here when he arrived home.  He found out that I now belong to a support group and that I lied to him about where I was. ”
“And that’s when the assault started?”
“Yes.”
“Did you try to defend yourself from his punches?”
“Well of course I did,” she answered in a snappy tone.
“Where were you when the assault occurred?”
“You know we were in the kitchen, you’ve asked me that a hundred times,” she again answered in an aggravated voice.
“Did you maybe get so mad and fed up with his continuous assaults on you that you reached over and picked up a kitchen knife and stab him?”
“Detective, what the hell are you trying to do here?  Are you accusing my mother of murdering him before I got here?” Jay yelled as he abruptly stood up knocking over the chair he was sitting in.
“Now calm down Jay,” the other detective said as he placed his hand on Jay’s shoulder to hold him back.  Picking up the fallen chair he gently nudged Jay back down into the seat.
“Mrs. Carlton, if something like that happened, we can fully understand how you felt that night and how you could have quickly acted without thinking.  It was really just self-defense for the beating you were getting.  Is that how it happened Maam?” asked Detective Adams again.
“Detective Adams, I don’t know what you’re trying to do here, but you’re barking up the wrong tree.  I did not kill or attempt to kill my husband that night and I do not know where he is or where he went after he assaulted me.  All I know is that the son-of-a-bitch is gone and I’m happy for that.”
“We’ve been absolutely honest with you guys the whole time,” Jay interjected into his mother’s statements, “and now you’re trying to turn the whole thing around onto us.  He’s missing and you’re all lost for an explanation so you’re trying to wrap up your case by pinning it on us.  That’s bullshit!”
Both detectives stood up at that point and decided it was best that they leave without asking any further questions.
“We’re sorry if we upset the two of you but you have to understand that we have a missing person here, a person that has repeatedly been charged with spousal abuse, and we have an obligation to find that person or find out what happened to that person.  That’s our job and sometimes if we speculate as to what might have happened, it brings us to the truth.  We’ll leave now, and again we’re sorry if we upset you but we have a job to do and I’m certain that job will lead us back here again to question the two of you even further.  Have a nice night.”
They both turned and walked towards and out the front door.
“I just can’t believe that, can you mom?”
“Can you imagine in your wildest dream me picking up a knife and stabbing your father?” she asked as she put her head in her hands.
Jay got up from his chair and stood behind his mother, leaning over and hugging her close to his body.
“Don’t worry about it Mom.  I guess it’s a stab in the dark for them but they had to try and get you flustered to see if you’d admit anything.  Hopefully it won’t happen again.”
But it did happen again.
The next day both detectives were back at the house and this time had a search warrant in hand.  They had both Jay and his mom wait out on the front porch as they went through the house room by room searching for anything that could help in their investigation.
Jay walked in the house once to get a drink of water only to find one detective going through the kitchen knife drawer looking carefully at each knife while the other was going through the dirty clothes hamper looking for blood stains on their clothing.
“This is so ridiculous,” Jay said to them as he got his drink and left the kitchen.  He was confident that he had nothing to worry about and that they would find nothing in their search.
But to his surprise they left with a cardboard box, taped shut, and marked “Evidence – Home of Don Carlton”.  What could they possibly have found that would be incriminating in any way?  He couldn’t imagine.



CHAPTER 27


The next day took a toll on his mind as he spent hours upon hours that night wondering what was in the box and what they could have possibly uncovered.  He knew he had cleaned the house thoroughly and left absolutely no traces of what had happened, but could they have dug deep enough to find something so minuscule that it would incriminate him?
It ate away at his mind, but all the worry about incriminating himself was for nothing because the next day the police came and voluntarily took his mom down to the precinct to question her further.
Jay asked to go along but they refused.

“Mrs. Carlton, how many times have you been abused by your husband Don Carlton?” asked Lieutenant Hodges as he sat directly across from her in the interrogation room.
“Too many to count lieutenant,” she answered.  Sitting across from him at this gray square table in this plain gray drab room with one light overhead and another inspector seated off in the corner was strange, intimidating, and something she had always seen on TV.
“Less than five, more than ten, twice a week, once a month…what Mrs. Carlton, just estimate a number for me.”
“At least once a month for twelve of the eighteen years we’ve been married.”
The two detectives looked at each other in astonishment.
“You’re telling me that for the last twelve years he has beaten you up every month at least one time?”
“No lieutenant, he has abused me every month for the last twelve years in one fashion or another.  The verbal abuse has been almost daily, the mental abuse has been almost weekly, and the physical abuse has been almost monthly.  I don’t think a day has gone by since Jay started school at six years old that my husband hasn’t abused me in some way, hasn’t made me feel like a sub-human-being unworthy of his love, hasn’t filled my head with doubts and uncertainties about my own self-worth, and hasn’t raised his hand to me to prove his male dominance and superior control over me.  Does that answer your question Lieutenant Hodges?”
“And through all of this abuse you stayed with him and shared a bed with him?”
“Yes I did.  Fortunately for him, I’m a mother to my son first and a wife to him second, but he could never accept that and spent his entire life trying to take control of my life but I wouldn’t let him.  I wouldn’t let him manipulate me into making him number one and Jay number two.  That’s where his control ended and he never accepted that.  He had to be in control and I wouldn’t let him.”
“You said he spent his entire life trying to take control….you say that as if his life is over?”
“He never had a life lieutenant.  He was a control-freak robot who preyed on everyone around him trying to be their master.  He succeeded outside our house but not inside.  No matter how many times he beat me up trying to get me to change to his way of doing things, I wouldn’t.  Oh I tried to be the good little wife and keep the house clean, have dinner ready when he got home, and wear that pretty little nightgown to turn him on, but there wasn’t anything I could do right.  He just needed to yell and scream to show he was the man of the house.”
“Did you kill him?”
“No…did I want to…there was many a time that I went to sleep at night just dreaming of strangling him, suffocating him, drowning him, shooting him, anything to get him out of our lives.  But no, I did not.  I didn’t because of Jay.  Jay is my life and I wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize my time with him.”
“But it would have been so easy to just pick up a knife in the kitchen during one of his fits of rage and just thrust it into his chest to end it all.  No more abuse, no more screaming, no more control freak.”
“But I didn’t,” she calmly answered.
“And then afterwards just load his limp body into the car and drive it somewhere where no one would find it; maybe into the lake where it would sink to the bottom, or off a mountain road into the unchartered brush, or buried in a vacant lot where no one goes.  It would be so easy to do Mrs. Carlton, now wouldn’t it?”
“Sounds pretty easy to me lieutenant, but I didn’t do it,” she again calmly answered.  “My life sucked with him but my son is too important to me.”
There was silence in the room as Lieutenant Hodges rose up out of his chair and walked to one side of the room.  At the same time the other detective, Sergeant Ragan got up out of his chair in the corner and took the lieutenant’s seat across from her.  He took a long slow drink of water from the glass he brought to the table with him and held it in his hand in front of her face.
“Some people would say this glass is half full and others would say it’s half empty; what would you say Mrs. Carlton?”
“I’d say you’re not quite thirsty enough to drink the whole thing,” she answered with a grin.
“Well I’m the optimist Mrs. Carlton and I say the glass is still half full, and being the optimist I say that on the night of November 17th as your husband was beating up on you so bad that he had you on the floor straddling you as he pounded away, that when he finished punishing you and retired to  his bedroom, you picked yourself up off the floor, took a kitchen knife in your hand, went into the room and stabbed him in the chest ending his abuse and his life forever.”
“Not true,” was her immediate reply.
“Well Mrs. Carlton, I think it is true, and what I have to base that on is blood stains we extracted from the carpet of your bedroom that match your husband’s DNA to a tee.  These are stains embedded deep in the base of the carpet, even though you cleaned the top pile of the carpet with stain remover and water.  You tried to cover it up but you just weren’t thorough enough.”
Her response time became a little longer as her fear level rose within her body.  She knew she did not kill her husband or know anything about any blood stains on the carpet, but her adrenalin began pumping as she feared the thought of trying to prove her innocence.
“I know nothing about any stains in our carpet and I again say to you that I had nothing whatsoever to do with my husband’s disappearance.  I’m just glad he’s gone.”
“Now would be the time Mrs. Carlton to end this whole secretive escapade and come clean with us.  If you just tell us the truth about what happened we’ll let the prosecutor know that you cooperated fully.”
“Sergeant Ragan, Lieutenant Hodges, unless you’re formally charging me with something, I’m going to go home now because you have no proof whatsoever that a crime was committed in my home.  You have no murder weapon, you have no body, and you have no witnesses.  What you have is a few of my husband’s blood stains on a carpet that could have been there for months and more importantly a strong will to get this over with and close the case.”
With that, she pushed out the chair and walked to the door.
“I would ask,” she said as she opened the door to walk out,” that you not come to my home again unless you have a warrant for my arrest or have found my husband.  Thank you.”



CHAPTER 28


That evening when Jay finally spoke to his mom she was still livid talking about her most recent experience with the police.  Jay of course became exasperated as usual and wanted to immediately get in the car to go down to the station and tell them what he thought of their whole accusation process, but his mom calmed him down assuring him that it was just a part of the procedure that they had to go through.
The next day was Thanksgiving and Michele and her Mom had invited them for a holiday dinner which they both had talked about and were very much looking forward to.  It was nice to have a relaxing day with the discussion of the mystery of Don Carlton never a topic.  Michele and Patty were the closest thing to family that Jay and his mom had, with the two mothers becoming extremely close due not only to the closeness of their son and daughter but with Donna confiding her personal life to Patty.  They talked on the phone almost daily since Don’s disappearance as Patty continued to help Donna cope with her daily struggles while attempting to lead her back into a normal life.  She knew that the life of a battered wife was a difficult lifestyle to mentally deal with so she wanted to ease her back to normalcy by building up her self-confidence and esteem.  Jay and Michele of course loved the fact that their parents were getting so close because it just made their life so much easier as a couple.
That day and the day after Thanksgiving turned out to be a wonderful relaxing two days with no talk of school, football, studies, or his missing father.  On Saturday the family was brought back to reality with a knock on the door from the visiting lieutenant.
Jay was the lucky one who answered the door.
“Good morning,” greeted Lieutenant Hodges.  “Sorry to bother you at home on this holiday weekend but I have a few questions if you don’t mind.”
Reluctantly Jay opened the door wide and motioned for him to come in.  “Let’s go in the den where we can talk.”
The lieutenant, walking into the den smiling, greeted   Jay’s mom and Michele who were seated on the large couch.  “I apologize for visiting on this Saturday holiday weekend but as you know my job is ongoing and never ending,” he said as he seated himself across from them.
“That’s fine lieutenant, we all have a job to do and I do appreciate the effort you’re putting forth to locate my missing husband,” commented Donna.
“Is there any new news,” asked Michele.
“No, I’m sorry, nothing new to report, but my visit today brings some questions that I need answered and I was hoping you would grant me the time to ask them?”
“Sure,” said Jay as he spoke for all of them.
“I hate to keep bringing this up to you Mrs. Carlton and to you too Jay, but it is puzzling to us how this man could disappear from the face of the earth.  From everything we have learned about him, it is highly unusual for him to be away from the house for any extended period of time and in your own words Jay, your father is either at home, at the bar, or at work and he has been at none of those places for over two weeks now.  With that said, we have issued a formal missing persons alert not only to our jurisdiction but to all surrounding states.”
“So what exactly does that mean,” asked Donna.
“It just means that we’ve increased our suspicion that he didn’t just walk away from the situation.  To be perfectly honest with you we thoroughly believe there is some type of foul play involved in his disappearance.”
“Oh, so you’re back here to harass us again and figure out which one of us killed him,” remarked Jay.
“Jay we don’t like this any more than you do.  We see all of you as the victims here; victims of a man that enjoyed abusing his loved ones around him because it made him feel more like a man.  We as police officers of this community have an obligation to see this thing through and figure out what happened; to figure out where your dad is.  It’s not a pleasant task coming here and continually questioning you and your mom but the only way we can rule out a homicide here is to prove that you didn’t do it.”
“Seems to me that the saying goes ‘innocent until proven guilty’ and you’ve turned that saying around,” Jay commented back.
The lieutenant sensed that the time was not appropriate to continue the questioning with Jay in such a hostile mood so he quickly ended the conversation and left for the evening saying he would return at a better time.


On Monday Jay had to return to school for a morning and evening football practice with the big game at Duke the following Saturday.  The whole team was over the top excited for this final game of the regular season and wanted so badly to complete an undefeated season for the school.  Classes were winding down as finals approached before the semester break. 
Jay hadn’t slept much in the past week, partly because of the excitement of being home for the holiday but mostly worrying about his mom and what these police interrogations were doing to her mentally.  It was finally a time in her life when she could relax and not worry about when she would be battered next but the constant police questioning had placed a new stress on her daily life. 



CHAPTER 29


The next day was no different for Donna Carlton as the morning started with an early knock on the door as the police again visited her with questions; questions surrounding the history of her acclaimed beatings and the reasoning behind her not reporting all of them.
“To be quite honest Mrs. Carlton we have come to the conclusion that you must have finally retaliated against your husband’s vicious attacks and ended his life.  It just doesn’t make sense to us that he attacks you yet again and all of a sudden just disappears off the face of the earth.  What would you think if you were in our place?”
“All I can tell you lieutenant  is the truth and the truth is, as I have said countless times, is that he beat me up in the kitchen until I passed out and when I awoke Jay was trying to comfort me in the hospital.  The last time I saw my husband is when his fist hit my face and I passed out.”
“I can see you’re sticking with that story,” he remarked.
“I’m sticking with the truth,” was her answer.
“Then how can you explain the blood we found in the bedroom, both embedded in the fibers of the rug and traces showing up on the clean sheets?”
“I don’t know the answer to that except to ask you, have you ever tried to get blood out of a fabric?”
“I know, it’s not easy,” he answered.
“Right, no matter how many times you wash something the stains never fully come out.  So with that said, that blood could have been on those sheets for a year for all we know.  Lieutenant when you live every day with a man who abuses you, abuses his son, and even abuses the dog, then you’re going to get blood stains all over the place because believe me we have all shed quite a bit of blood because of this man.  So my answer to you is yes, you will probably find quite a bit of blood all over this house from all of us including Don who was so drunk most of the time that he barely could get into bed by himself without injuring himself in some way.”
He continued to jot down her comments in his notepad but could say nothing in response to her answer.
“We’d like your permission to take all the kitchen silverware to the lab to test for blood if that is okay with you.”
“Lieutenant you can take everything in this house to the lab if you want.”
With that remark he pulled on a pair of rubber gloves and walking to the kitchen placed the contents of the utensil drawer into a bag.  He apologized for the early morning visit and left for the day to her delight.

For Michele the police visit wasn’t quite as pleasant since they met her after school and took her to the station for questioning.  She went reluctantly as her phone call to her mom received a busy signal and she had no choice but to go.
Their questions were demanding and accusing.
“You and Jay are in love, correct,” the lead interrogator asked.
“Yes, we have been for quite a few years.”
“So with that in mind you probably tell each other everything?”
“Pretty much so,” she answered.
“You would probably do anything to make him happy wouldn’t you?”
“Anything within reason.”
“Isn’t it true that you and Jay were sick and tired of his father and the two of you would do anything to get him out of your lives?”
“Yes we would have loved to see his father either straighten out or just go away.  At least that’s what I wanted because it was just so sad seeing what he was doing to Mrs. Carlton.  Every time we got together or I went over there she was always banged up and just struggling to get around.  It was pitiful that she had to live that way.”
“So since you hated to see her in that condition and knew that Mr. Carlton was the one person that stood in the way of you and Jay having a happy family life, you decided to get rid of that unhappiness, get rid of that one thorn in Jay’s side.  So you decided to take things into your own hands and get rid of him.”
“No that’s not true.”
“You knew if you removed this womanizer out of the picture that Jay would be a different happier person.”
“I will admit those thoughts were always in my mind.  Every time I witnessed her bumps and bruises or saw the pain in Jay’s face I thought those thoughts, but I did nothing.”
“Won’t you admit that it’s been wonderful since he’s been out of the picture?  Jay has been happier, his mom has been happier, and you can now go over Jay’s anytime you want because you don’t have to worry about Mr. Carlton being there?”
“That’s true.”
“Your last straw was when he took out his anger on you and slapped you across the face.  You knew at that point that you needed to do something to end all the abuse to you, to Jay, and to his mom.”
“When he hit me I was shocked and just couldn’t get out of there fast enough.  It made me realize firsthand what Mrs. Carlton was going through on a daily basis.  That’s why we pressed charges and had him arrested.”
“So you picked your time, you waited until he returned to the house alone and drunk and went in to confront him.  He was so drunk you knew he couldn’t think or retaliate so you got a knife from the kitchen and stabbed him, getting him out of your lives forever.”
“I did no such thing.  I couldn’t kill someone if I tried; I’ve just never been brought up that way.”
“Did you drag the body to your car and dump him somewhere where no one would find him for a long, long time?”
“No and I wish you would stop with the accusations,” she pleaded as a tear rolled down her cheek.
The lieutenant handed her a tissue.
“I guess his body would be a little too much for you to handle by yourself; especially a dead weight drunk.  So how did you and Jay together plan this attack and dispose of the body?”
“You’re really wasting your time and barking up the wrong tree lieutenant.  Neither Jay nor I had anything to do with his father’s disappearance.  Jay was at the hospital with his mom and I was at home with my mom.”
“Then why are your fingerprints all over the front and rear doorknobs at the house?”
“I’m sure my fingerprints are all over the place over there, I’m there as much as I’m at my own house.  Besides, I told you that when I hadn’t heard from Jay that night, I stopped by the house and knocked on the front and back doors but didn’t get an answer.”
“So are you saying that you and Jay maybe hired someone to do the dirty deed of getting rid of this thorn in your sides?”
“Why don’t you just give up on this and keep looking for this man as if he is alive?  I really believe that after two trips to jail he realized that the judge would throw the book at him for this third attack and he knew the best thing for him was to get out of town before the police came for him.  He’s out there somewhere, I just know he is.”
With that the police decided to let her go realizing that she wouldn’t break; she wouldn’t tell them what really happened that night.
It just seemed to them that Don Carlton couldn’t just leave town and set up shop somewhere else.  He had not taken any money out of their accounts, had placed no phone calls to anyone, and had used no credit cards anywhere that they could trace; and how far could he have gotten with his car in the driveway.  In their eyes, he was dead.



CHAPTER 30


Jay was going through hell every night as his mind raced through the thoughts of the two females closest to him being harassed and interrogated almost weekly.  If he wasn’t thinking of them, he was playing in his mind the evening of his father’s demise and wondering if he was successful in covering all his steps.  He knew he must have been otherwise he would have been confronted about a specific finding before now.  His mind raced with all the possibilities but through it all recalling the incident always continued to bring a smile to his face.
He stayed in continuous contact with his mom and Michele almost daily as they kept him up to date on the questions being thrown at them by the police.  On one particular night Michele was almost in tears as she strained not to cry on the phone.
“They just seem to show up at the house, show up at school, and this week visited me at the library.  It scares me because they just seem to be following me everywhere and know my entire daily schedule.”
“I’m so sorry Michele, I wish there was something I could do to stop all the police harassment but I just don’t know what to do,” Jay answered as he felt her concern.
“Jay why do you think they continue to hound all of us about this whole thing, can’t they just understand that we had nothing to do with his disappearance?”
“I don’t know, I guess they just have no clues as to where he is and suspecting us of doing something is all they have to go on.”
“Jay sweetie, can I ask you something?”
“Sure, you can ask me anything.”
“You won’t get mad?”
“Come on Michele, I wouldn’t get mad at you,” he answered as he prepared himself for what sounded like a heavy-duty question about his father.
“Do you know anything about your dad that you’re not telling anyone?”
“No,” he answered, “I haven’t the faintest idea where he is.  Why, what makes you ask me that?”
“I don’t know Jay, I just remember all the times you got so mad at your dad and wished out loud that you could do something to stop him from beating up on your mom; something you could do to just get him out of the house forever.”
“I could count endlessly the number of times I’ve thought that and said that but I didn’t do anything.”
“I remember a few weeks ago when your mom was in the hospital from one of her brutal beatings and you said to me that you’d love to beat your dad to death just to revenge everything he has done to your mom.  That’s why I just had to ask.”
“I wish I had done something to him and believe me it would bring a smile to my face knowing I had the last laugh, but unfortunately he didn’t give me that chance.”
“I’m sorry to ask you that Jay but it just worried me that maybe you were hiding something and needed someone to talk to.  You know you can confide in me for anything right?”
He agreed as he momentarily thought maybe he would confide in her but knowing that would apply more pressure on her during the police visits made him just keep quiet about the truth.
His mom told him that the police seemed to be constantly asking questions about the blood stains in the carpet and on the sheets but she continually told them they were old stains that she knew nothing about.  Jay suspected the same since he knew the only blood shed that night was from his father’s mouth and that only trickled down his chin.
He felt so bad for both his mom and Michele because the last thing he wanted was them to be burdened with the disappearance through police interrogation sessions.  The incident was something that entered his mind daily and especially at night when he tried to sleep.  It was unfortunate because he should be sleeping so peacefully knowing no one would be burdened by his father’s antics any more but should instead be sleeping with the good memories of the past.
Memories of being young were filled mostly with screams from the living room and images of his mom’s disfigured face, but every once in a while he could focus just on his mom and the pleasant times they had together during his childhood.
The memories of hiding behind the couch to filter the hitting and screaming far outweighed the pleasant times that Jay and his mom shared, but those pleasant memories are something he’d cherish always.  Most children have vivid images of both parents sharing the good times and the bad times in their lives, but Jay’s memories are of two separate people; the good times with his mom and the bad times with his dad.
He was never there, always working or showing up drunk and immediately giving all of his time to the television or the whiskey cabinet, never the two of them.  On the other side of the coin his mom was always there; there for the birthday parties, learning to ride a bike, the first day of school, losing his first tooth, witnessing his first school play, and nurturing him through all his sicknesses and sad times.
She was always a stay-at-home mom who greeted him every day when he got off the bus and always had a hot meal waiting for him.  Her meals were something he always looked forward to every day; whether it was her roast beef dinners, her spicy hot homemade chili, her pancake breakfasts, or the smell of her desserts fresh out of the oven, they were all his favorites.
Jay almost felt guilty on many occasions as he watched her slave over a hot stove or struggle to help with a homework assignment, while he saw the pain in her face from the beating hours before.  She always tried to cover up the marks with makeup and bite her lip to hide the swollen welts but he always saw through her masking and it hurt him each and every time knowing how she was putting her pain aside for him.
Now, it was comforting knowing that she wouldn’t have to hide under gobs of makeup or answer in any way to those hideous demands.  His mom could be herself, travelling wherever she wished, wearing whatever she wanted and enjoying life as it should have been.



CHAPTER 31


What irritated Jay the most was the visits that just couldn’t wait until he was at home, they had to confront him wherever he was and this time it was on the football field after practice.  He had noticed them both in the stands about half an hour before practice ended which gave his temperature time to boil.
Walking straight up to the stands instead of going to the locker rooms he jumped the fence and confronted them first.
“Another harassing interrogation session I assume,” he snapped before they could say anything.
“Just a few questions today Jay if you don’t mind,” remarked Lieutenant Hodges.
“As if I have a choice,” was his answer as he dropped his gear beside him and propped one foot up on the row of seats in front of them.
“Did your father have any really close friends that you know of?”
“Just his fellow workers at the garage and the guys he drank with down at the bar.”
“Well we’ve talked to both groups of men and they all have alibis for that evening which lead us to wonder why your father would have gone anywhere without his car.  Can you shed any light on that?”
“Nope, I never went down to his bar to meet any of his friends and didn’t know any of his fellow workers at this job.  So I have no idea except if maybe it was a friend from his previous job that he lost last year, but I didn’t know any of them either.  You have to remember that I had as little to do with my father’s personal or social life as I could.  I hated him, hated being around him, and was more than happy when he wasn’t at home, so I could care less who he was with.”
“Well people like him, especially people who drink a lot, aren’t really walkers or people who like exercise, so do you see our dilemma?”
“Lieutenant let me say this to you yet again, I have absolutely no idea where my father is and I could care less where my father is; I don’t think about him or wonder how he’s doing, I’m just glad that he’s not at home with us.”
“We’ve talked with your girlfriend Michele and....”
“Yes I know that,” he interrupted, “and I wish you would please leave her out of your investigation.  She’s just my best friend and the girl that I love.  Her only involvement in this whole thing is just the fact that she had to confront him a few times in order to see me; once he struck her I had her stay away.  So please, could you just stop interrogating her to tears whenever you feel it necessary.  Please leave her out of this!”
“So you deny that you and she concocted this plan to catch your dad at home drunk out of his mind and then the two of you overpowered him and stabbed him to death, then disposing of the body?”
Jay just stood there shaking his head in disgust as he brought his hands up to his face in anger.
“You know,” Jay remarked, “this whole thing is insane.  My mom, my girlfriend, and I finally get a reprieve in life and find ourselves not walking around in fear of this horrid human being and what do you people do, you replace his abuse with yours.  I understand we filed a missing persons report and you have a job to do but you are focusing your case in the wrong direction.  We didn’t do anything and you’ve really found nothing to justify putting us through the hell you are surrounding us with.  The man is gone, we are happy, but we didn’t do anything except suffer the pain he inflicted upon us.  Please leave the three of us alone.”
With that Jay picked up his football gear and headed over the fence and into the locker rooms.
“Jay please we have just a few more questions,” they yelled, but he ignored their request and disappeared into the school.

Jay cooled off in the shower and spent over an hour just letting the warm water pour over his tired body.  He took the time to think about the situation he had put himself into and what he could do to alleviate some of the pressure placed on him and his two favorite women.
The problem was the fact that his father, not known for being a man of the world and travelling a lot, never went anywhere that he couldn’t drive his car, so with his car abandoned in the driveway it presented a puzzling fact that no one seemed to have a solution for.  Jay knew he would have to come up with a reason or present an alternate solution for the car being left behind while his father slipped away.  If the police were truthful, which sometimes they weren’t, they had spoken with all of his work friends, bar buddies, and known acquaintances that may have played a part in his escape.
The easiest answer seemed to be drawing attention to the fact that his father was alive and living somewhere else but the difficult part was figuring out how to do that.  He needed in some way to create a diversion that would get the police off his back and on the track of a man who was still alive and living in a different area.
Lying in bed that night he devised his plan.  When he buried his dad he removed his wedding ring and his wallet so that none of those would eventually rise to the surface of his grave and would make the body, or bones, harder to identify if found.  His plan was that he would take one of the two credit cards his dad had in the wallet and go out of town somewhere and fill up his gas tank using the card.  For one thing the card transaction would be traceable to that area, and second Jay would not have to be present for a transaction at the counter where someone or a security camera could identify him.  At a gas station he could stay at the pumps using the self-service and then just pull away without being noticed.
He would think hard about all the details of his new plan and implement it the following week.



CHAPTER 32


Tuesday was the perfect day; his mom and Michele were going out shopping that afternoon after Michele finished school for the day and wouldn’t be home until later in the evening.
Looking through his father’s wallet, which he had tucked away inside a hollow opening in the basement where he used to hide things from his parents, he picked out the Visa card.  Glancing through his dad’s dilapidated leather wallet for the first time since hiding it away, he found twenty-two dollars in cash, the Visa and MasterCard credit cards, his driver’s license, his social security card, and a small picture of Jay when he was about four years old sitting on Santa’s lap.  He placed the wallet back in its hiding place and set out for the school library where he wanted to let people see him and place him at that spot in case he was questioned.  He wore his bright red and white college sweatshirt so he would stand out in a crowd.
After making sure he was seen by quite a few people including the librarian on duty and the security guard at the entrance, he slipped out the side door and headed west to Interstate 95.
His planned route took him about forty-five miles west of Forest Lakes to Rising Sun, a small town on the banks of the Susquehanna River.  He had driven through the town quite a few times and knew it had quite a few gas stations along the main highway meaning that patrons of the gas station were usually travelers not locals.
It took him just over an hour to get there and he chose an Exxon station that was busy with travelers.  He first pulled over and changed from his bright red sweatshirt to a gray hooded sweatshirt in case there were surveillance cameras at the station.  He pulled into the pump furthermost from the station and pumped twelve gallons of regular into his car, paying with it using his dad’s card and away he went.
He took Interstate 95 back to Forest Lakes stopping once to change back to his red sweatshirt and stopped back off at the library sneaking into the side door and again asking the librarian where he may find another book.  With that done he headed back to the house to replace the Visa card back in the wallet and await his girls returning from their trip.
He heard the slamming of car doors in the driveway meaning that the girls were back.  Settling into his favorite chair in the den he opened his football playbook pretending that he had been diligently studying the plays as they entered.
“We’re home,” echoed from the hallway.
“I’m in the den,” was his answer.
They appeared around the corner, both with a half dozen bags in their hands and smiles from ear to ear.
“Looks like you girls had quite a day shopping.”
“Absolutely,” commented Michele as they threw all the bags on the couch and both collapsed to a chair.  “It’s been so long since the two of us had a day of shopping so we made up for it today.”
“I think we hit every store in the mall,” added his mom.
“What have you been doing to keep yourself busy today,” asked Michele.
“I spent most of the afternoon at the library catching up on some term papers due in a few weeks and since then I’ve been here studying this immense playbook that I think I’ll never fully learn.”
“Oh it’s football related and you always give that stuff priority so I have no fear that you’ll learn every play inside and out,” his mom answered.
“What in the world do I smell,” Jay asked as he raised his nose to the tantalizing scent of hot food.
They both laughed.
“We decided we didn’t want to get home and labor over a hot stove so we stopped at TGIF and got four carryout rib dinners.  How’s that sound?”
“That sounds fantastic Mom, I haven’t had a bite to eat since breakfast this morning and I’m absolutely staving over here, so let’s eat while it’s hot.”
The three of them ventured to the dining room table where the girls set the table as Jay emptied all the bags and poured the drinks.  He knew he would enjoy this dinner even more than usual as he thought with a smile about the plan he had successfully completed today.  A plan that he hoped would take some of the pressure off all of them.



CHAPTER 33


When he returned home from school for the weekend his mom greeted him at the door with the news that the police had stopped by with a break in the case.  Jay, in his best acting role, sat down in the den to hear the latest news.
“Lieutenant Hodges stopped by and said they had traced a credit card charge made by your father.”
“You’re kidding me,” Jay commented.  “Finally he’s made it known that he’s still alive and maybe the police can let us off the hook with their questioning and accusations.”
“I know, isn’t that wonderful?”
“You do mean that it’s wonderful we’re off the hook and not wonderful that they’ve found Dad, right mom?”
“Of course,” she snapped back.  “The last thing I want is for him to come anywhere near this house or this town as far as I’m concerned.  They said he made a charge at a gas station in the town of Rising Sun.”
“Rising Sun,” Jay repeated.  “That’s not that far from here which means two things; he’s still fairly close by and he’s got a car.”
“Or he’s using someone else’s car,” she added.
“Right,” Jay repeated, “or he’s using someone else’s car which he probably is because he couldn’t afford to buy another car could he?  I really don’t know anything about the financial situation of you guys.”
“No you’re right, he couldn’t afford to buy another car so he’d have to be using someone else’s, but I wonder who?”
“Do you know if he had any friends in Rising Sun,” Jay inquired.
“I really don’t know anything about his friends at all.  I would think it would have to be one of his drinking buddies or someone he used to work with but I really don’t know where any of them live.”
“Well, I just hope he stays there or heads further away.  The last thing I want to see is his face around here again and I hope you feel that way too.”
“I do,” she admitted.  “I’ve told you so many times how much I still love him but since he’s been gone I’ve had a ton of time to think about the awful way he’s treated all of us and how much hurt he’s put me through.  No love is worth putting up with all of that.”
“You don’t know how long I’ve waited to hear those words come out of your mouth Mom.”
“Well it just took Patty Somerset, all the counseling, and a separation from him for a while to make me realize the truth.”
“Good, I’m glad to hear that.  Did the lieutenant have anything else to say?”
“He just said they were following up on the credit card transaction and talking to the gas station people to see if they noticed him.”
“Did he say if they have surveillance film they can look at to see what kind of car it was or get the license plate numbers to maybe track it down,” asked Jay in hopes of getting some information.
“No nothing about that.”
“Well I’m sure they’ll look into it.  I think I’ll give Michele a call and tell her and her mom the news, it’s about time we had some positive news on this whole thing.”



CHAPTER 34


Jay was only back at school for two days before Michele called crying her eyes out.  “What’s the matter sweetie,” Jay asked as his fear that something was wrong sent the adrenalin flowing in his body.
“Jay it’s been just awful the past two days,” she answered between the sobbing sounds.  “The police have been here I don’t know how many times and they just won’t let me alone.  My mom has threatened to file a law suit against them if they don’t stop harassing me.”
“What are they saying now?”
“First they came around and wanted to know where I was last Tuesday when your fathers credit card was used, saying that they were looking into whether someone else may have used the card.  I told them I was with your mom the whole day shopping at the mall.”
“I can’t believe this, what are they doing now?”
“The following day they were there and said surveillance had shown what they thought to be a white Ford Mustang pumping gas around that time so they thought it may have been me.”
“Like you have the only white Mustang there is?  And besides that, my mom can certainly vouch that you were with her all day.”
“I know!  Now they’ve come around today and said one of your neighbors said they saw my car parked at your house the last day your father was home and they saw me walking from the house to the car and leaving.  That’s the day I tried to call you and couldn’t get an answer so I drove over but couldn’t get an answer at the front or back doors so I left.  Jay they’re driving me crazy here.”
“I know Michele and I’m so sorry you’re going through this whole thing.  I just don’t know what to do anymore to convince them that we didn’t have anything to do with his disappearance.  It’s crazy!”
“I’ll tell you something else Jay, they spent almost the entire day yesterday over at your house questioning your mom and poking around the back yard.”
“You’re kidding me.  I’ve got to talk with my mom and find out what they said to her and what they’re up to, this is crazy.”
As he hung up he hesitated calling his mom as he thought about the police combing the back yard for evidence.  He knew he had cleaned up after the incident but his mind wandered as he thought whether he may have overlooked something.
“Mom this is Jay, I just talked to Michele and she told me about yesterday.  What’s going on there?”
“Jay honey they were over here bright and early yesterday again and asked the same old questions that we’ve answered a hundred times before.”
“Didn’t you tell them you and Michele were together last Tuesday shopping?”
“Sure I did but they have looked at surveillance cameras seeing a car like Michele’s there and now think the two of us travelled up to Rising Sun just to use your father’s card, a card that we kept after we killed him.    When they couldn’t get anything new out of me they showed me a search warrant and went out in the yard looking around.  They must have been out there for over three hours just walking all over the yard and into the woods.”
“So what the heck are they looking for,” Jay asked.
“I don’t know sweetie but they must have found something.  They were all hovering around the back patio and then over on one side of the shed that leads into the woods.  They were all huddled down doing something and then they gathered up all their stuff and headed out in their cars.  They had some stuff in a bag and, oh yes they also took the shovel and rake from the shed.”
“The shovel and rake?” he repeated.
“Yeah, strange huh?”
“They didn’t say anything else to you?”
“Nope, just left with that stuff and I haven’t seen them since.”
“I wonder what they were looking for or what they think they’ve found,” Jay said out loud as his mind wandered over the area in his mind.  “I’ll talk to you later mom.  Let me know if they come back, okay?”  
“You just concentrate on school Jay and don’t worry about what goes on back here.  Your father probably left something in the yard and they figure they can use it to trace him down or something, I don’t know.”
Jay said goodbye and fell down on his single bed looking up at the ceiling.  His mind was racing with the details of that day and everything he had done once his father was buried.  He knew he had cleaned everything up, or had he?  Had he missed something, something so small that he overlooked it?
His first thought was of blood that may have transferred from his father’s head to the ground as he pulled him out to the hole on the blanket, but it’s been so long and rained so many times, it couldn’t possibly still be there.  He knew he threw away the blanket and all of his bloodied clothes as well as the gloves that he had on so there couldn’t have been any fingerprints anywhere, impossible.
And what about the shovel and rake?  The shovel he used to dig the hole never touched his bloody father and certainly it wasn’t a big deal that his fingerprints may have been on it because he used the shovel all the time to dig holes for his mother’s garden.  And the rake, he hadn’t used that at all.  But wait, he thought, what about when he knocked the rake over while dragging his dad’s body through the yard?  His dad’s arm knocked over the rake.  Could it have transferred some blood to it?
Jay’s mind was going at full speed as he replayed every second of that evening over and over in his mind.  Could his perfect crime now be unraveling around him?



CHAPTER 35


Jay went through the next two days of school being unable to concentrate on anything except the details of his crime.  Each day and night he waited for his cell phone to ring or the police to show up at school to question him again, but nothing happened.
On day three he called his mom to find out if she had heard anything else from the police and to his surprise there was no answer.  After several attempts throughout the day with no success he called Michele only to have her mom answer.
“Hi Mrs. Somerset this is Jay, is Michele around?”
“No Jay, if fact she’s at the police station being questioned yet again.  I just got off the phone with my lawyer and he’s headed over there now.”
“Wow, unbelievable!  I’ve been trying to call my mom all day and thought maybe Michele might know something.”
“You haven’t heard,” asked Patty.
“Heard what,” Jay said in a startled and concerned voice.
“Yesterday evening they arrested your mother.”
“Arrested her for what,” Jay screamed.
“They are accusing her of murdering your father.”
“Murdering my father,” Jay repeated as his face flushed red with rage.  “I’m heading home right now.  I’ll talk to you soon.”
He immediately hung up, called his school counselor and told her he was taking a temporary leave of absence from classes, jumped in his car and headed home.
The three hour trip seemed like an eternity as Jay finally pulled into the police station and headed right for Lieutenant Hodges desk.
“Lieutenant, what the hell is going on,” he yelled as he burst into the squad room and approached the lieutenant’s desk.
“Have a seat here Jay and I’ll explain everything to you,” was the answer as he pointed at the chair beside his desk.  He could see Jay was fuming and he knew the first thing he needed to do was calm Jay down.
“Lieutenant I need to know...”
“Jay sit down,” the lieutenant interrupted as he again pointed to the chair.
Jay sat down but was fuming with anger which had boiled up over the three hour trip home.
“Jay we believe we have enough evidence in hand that points to your mother killing your father.”
“That’s crazy.  What evidence do you have?”
“We have blood stains in the carpet and on the side of the bed in their bedroom.  We have a blood stain on the back patio door leading outside.  We also have blood stains embedded in the grass from the house to the woods, along with your father’s blood on a rake in the shed.”
“All of which could have been there for months.”
“Well that’s what we have to determine.”
“But what makes you think my mom did anything,” Jay inquired with a worried look on his face.
“Our current thoughts are that your mother finally decided she had enough of your father’s beatings and this time took the situation into her own hands.  We believe after taking yet another beating from him she went into his bedroom and stabbed him with a knife which gives us the blood in their bedroom.  She then pulled his body out through the house and out the back patio doors which left blood on the patio door rubber and the edge of the cement.  Pulling him across the yard left the blood stains on the grass and eventually onto the rake as she raked the path to cover up the marks of pulling him.”
“So do you have the knife with her fingerprints on it,” Jay asked.
“No not yet.”
“Do you have a body?”
“No not yet.”
“So what do you think she did with the body lieutenant,” Jay asked as if interrogating him.
“We don’t know yet but we are planning on taking our dogs out to the property tomorrow to see if they can get a scent on the body.  In the mean time, we’re holding your mother on suspicion of murder.”
“That’s crazy lieutenant, absolutely crazy.”
“Well we don’t think so Jay.  She had every reason in the world to kill this man many, many times over and we can understand how she finally cracked and couldn’t take it anymore.  We’re hoping that we are wrong but with your father missing for over three months now we think this is no longer a missing person but a victim of crime.”
“Does she have a lawyer,” Jay asked.
“Yes, Tom Hayes is representing her and met with her earlier this afternoon.”
“Can I see her?”
“Sure, wait right here and I’ll set it up for you to talk with her but only for 15 minutes, no more.”
Jay sat nervously in the chair as he was left alone to ponder the news.  He often wondered if they would track the murder to him because of something he hadn’t covered up, but never his mom; so what in the world was he going to do now?



CHAPTER 36


Jay fidgeted with the arm of the chair as his foot bounced up and down on the floor in front of him.  He knew he had to calm down and be rational about the whole ordeal; his mom was of course innocent and he had to convince them of that.
The door across the room opened and Lieutenant Hodges waved for him to come over.
“Jay, you have 15 minutes and that’s it, okay?”
Jay shook his head yes and proceeded down the hallway following a uniformed policewoman.  They stopped in front of a door and she opened it motioning for him to go in.  His mom was sitting at a table in the room.
Jay rushed in with tears coming down his cheeks as she rose from the chair to greet him.
“It’s okay sweetie, it’s okay,” she pleaded as she stroked the back of his head that was buried in her shoulder.  
“Mom I just heard what’s going on here, can you believe this?”
“I know sweetie.  I didn’t want to call you at school and bother you with all of this and pull you mind away from your studies and your football.”
“Mom, are you kidding me.  That’s not important right now.  What’s important is getting you out of here and proving that they don’t know what they’re talking about.  This is a crazy accusation.  What did the lawyer say?”
“He said all the evidence is circumstantial and I have nothing to worry about but they have the right to hold me until we can prove them wrong.”
“So in the meantime you have to stay here in jail,” said Jay as they both sat down across from each other at the table.
“Well at least until Mr. Hayes can see a judge in the morning to get me released on my own recognizance.”
“I can’t believe they’ve found all this blood which probably has been around for months or years and they think it’s from a murder.  We’ll get this whole thing straightened out Mom just don’t you worry,” Jay said trying to reassure her as well as himself.
Jay could see the fright in his mother’s eyes as they sat there talking.  Her hands were shaking as she slowly tried to lift a cup of coffee to her mouth without spilling it.
“Mom calm down,” Jay said as he put his hand over hers.  “We’ll get to the bottom of this I promise.”
The door to the room opened and the policewoman motioned that their time was up and Jay would have to leave.  They hugged and said a tearful goodbye as he was led out of the door.  Looking back he could tell his mom was physically and mentally drained from this whole thing and now she would have to spend a night alone in a cold cell waiting for answers.
He was led back out into the squad room where Lieutenant Hodges shook his hand calmingly.
“Get a good night’s rest Jay, maybe we’ll get this whole thing straightened out tomorrow.”
“I sure hope so lieutenant, I hate to see her in jail like that.  I’m going home and she’s staying here, that tears me up.”
“You can’t go home Jay.  We’ve sealed off the entire property until the dogs and our team of men goes over it tomorrow so you’ll have to sack out somewhere else for this one night.  Do you have anywhere to go?”
“I’ll go over to my girlfriend’s house,” he answered as he left the room.
Jay walked down the stairs and out to his car parked in the lot beside the precinct.  Pulling the door shut he could feel the adrenalin flowing in his body as he thought about the situation that he had gotten his mom into.  He thought he had pulled off such a perfect murder and if anything at all went wrong he would be the one they would come after, not his mom.
He played with the steering wheel as he thought of the next day.  What would the dogs find?  Would the trail of his scent lead them from the house straight through the woods to the spot in the field?  If they dug up the hole and found his father’s body would they pin the whole thing on his mom?  She could spend the rest of her life in jail for something she didn’t do.
Maybe he could sway the evidence away from his mom by finding something or planting something that the police could find and react to; it was all up to the dogs and what they found the next day.



CHAPTER 37


Jay watched intently from the side of the road outside his house as the police dogs were led into the house.  There must have been fifteen policemen and plain clothes detectives following after the dogs as they all walked through the yellow-taped yard and disappeared behind the closed door.  He stood silently with Michele as she held his hand for support.  She begged him to stay at home with her on this gruesome day to wait for word from the police as to the outcome of the search but Jay would have no part of waiting at her house, he wanted to be there watching the activity.  Activity he knew would have a huge impact on his life and that of his family.
“Jay drink your coffee before it gets cold,” Michele pleaded as she again tried to hand him the white styrofoam cup.
He took it from her and began to drink.
“This is so ridiculous I can’t believe I’m here waiting to see if a dog finds my father’s body,” he said between sips of the hot coffee.
Their eyes shifted from each other to the back of the house as the rear door opened and the dog came slowly walking out leading its handler.  Slowly his nose scurried across the ground as it led the group of men across the back yard out towards the shed.
“Well there’s the trail the lieutenant talked about,” remarked Jay as his eyes remained intently focused on the dog and its followers.
The German shepherd seemed to be following a scent that led it not in a straight line but meandering back and forth but still headed towards the shed.  As it reached the shed it went around the left side and into the woods, the exact path that Jay had pulled his father’s body that night.
He took another sip of coffee as he caressed the cup in both his hands gathering the warmth.  As the group of police followed the dog into the woods and disappeared from view Jay’s attention shifted back to Michele.
“Sure does seem like they have found a trail.”
“Yeah, straight into the woods.  What do you think the whole thing means Jay?”
“I just think there are traces of all of our scents throughout that whole yard and out into the woods, that’s all,” Jay answered in his most convincing voice.  “How many times have each of us been out there over the past couple of months?  Mom works on her flower gardens almost every day out there and all her supplies are kept in the shed.  I’m out there continually either helping her, playing with Goldie or throwing things in the woods for the dog to retrieve.  Even you; you’ve been out there almost every time you’ve come over doing something or other.  We’ve all been out there, so our scent is all over the place.”
“I know, I agree with you Jay, I think they’re barking up the wrong tree and to say that your mom had anything to do with his disappearance seems ludicrous.  I do know one thing thought,” she said as they both sat down on the curb at the edge of the street.  “You’re mom is really scared to death by this whole thing.  She called my mom crying her eyes out and scared out of her wits when they came and handcuffed her taking her to the police station.  She called my mom to have her not only get in touch with the lawyer but to alert her in case you called.”
“Alert me for what?”
“Jay she just doesn’t want all of this to get in the way of your life.  She thinks you’ve suffered enough because of your father’s abusive ways and she just wants you to have a normal life now concentrating on school and football....and me of course.”
“Just like her,” Jay reiterated, “thinking just of me and not caring about herself.  She spent her whole married life caring for everyone but herself and now she’s still doing the same thing.  Here she is in jail for something she didn’t do and she’s worried that I’m being pulled away from the books.  That’s my Mom!”
His eyes and thoughts drifted to the wooded area as he thought of the dog and how well the scent of his father would or wouldn’t be picked up.  He had buried him extra deep to be sure and placed rocks on the body as well as the boulder halfway up.  He really felt all the objects as well as the depth would hopefully keep the scent from the surface but knowing how keen a dog’s sense of smell is left that little bit of doubt in his mind.
Finally after what seemed an eternity the dog and group of men reappeared leaving the woods and proceeded out to their cars.  The police dog was loaded into the back of the car and away they went which Jay felt was a good sign.
“I can’t stand it, I’m going over and talk to them,” said Jay as he stood up and walked over to the police car, Michele followed him.
“Lieutenant Hodges,” Jay called as he walked over.  “I was wondering if I could talk with you a second?”
The lieutenant motioned yes and finished talking with the other patrolmen before joining Jay by his patrol car.
“I was wondering if you found anything today,” he asked as the lieutenant approached leaning against the car.
“Well Jay, the dog immediately found a scent in the bedroom and followed it down the steps, through the house, and out the back door.  It then went across the back yard, past the shed, and into the woods, eventually ending up in the corn field behind the woods.  At that point the dog lost the scent in the field.”
“So what does all that mean?”
“It means that our theory of your father being murdered in his bedroom and dragged out the house through the back yard seems real.  Your father’s scent is in all those places and the dog followed his blood scent clear into the field where he lost it.  What that probably means to me is that your father is buried somewhere in that corn field.”
“So what do you do next, dig the whole corn field up,” Jay asked in a snickering voice.
“That’s up to a judge.  We’ll present our case to the judge in a preliminary hearing tomorrow and it will be up to him to determine if he feels there’s enough evidence to warrant digging up the field for a body.”
“And if you eventually find a body,” Jay continued.
“Then we’ll have the body examined for evidence and cause of death and eventually charge your mother with first-degree murder.”
Jay’s face turned a bright beet red at those words.  He took the last sip of his now warm coffee and handed the empty cup to Michele.
“But I just don’t understand how you can pin the murder on her?  Who’s to say someone didn’t break into the house and kill him, someone who was trying to rob the house?”
“That could well be,” he answered as he rocked himself off the car and opened the car door.  “It’s just that the evidence that we have gathered thus far points to your mother so she is currently our primary suspect.”
“So you believe this small beat-up woman pulled his body all the way through the house, out the door, across the yard, and then mustered up the energy and stamina to dig a grave in the corn field, bury him, and shovel all the dirt back in?”
“We’ll see,” was the lieutenant’s answer as he swung himself into his car seat and shut the door.  “We’ll see!”



CHAPTER 38


Jay returned to classes the next week at the insistence of Patty and Michele even though he wanted to stay home and visit his mom.  The lawyer had assured him that she would most likely be freed on her own recognizance while the investigation continued.
He had only been back at school two days when Michele called with the news that the judge had ordered the corn field dug up for a body.  Jay was devastated thinking of the consequences of them finding his father’s body and the thought of his mother being officially charged with the crime.  How all of this evidence was directed at his mom instead of him was baffling but unfortunately the reality of the situation.
He contemplated his next move.  Should he again travel out of town and use his father’s credit card to invoke yet more suspicion or doubt into the murder case?  Should he try to plant some evidence around the house that would lead the police away from his mom and maybe towards someone else like an intruder?  There wasn’t a whole lot of time left to make those decisions and at this point the grounds around the house had been turned upside down several times by the police and the dogs so adding more evidence would be difficult.
That afternoon another call came in and this time from Michele’s mom Patty saying that Michele was taken back in for questioning.  Apparently they had determined that this was a crime better perpetrated by two people rather than one and since a neighbor had reported Michele’s car at the house during that time period, they suspected that she helped Jay’s mom with the body and the burial.
Jay couldn’t stand it anymore and left school to return home; both of the women who were closest to him in the world were being questioned for his crime and it was tearing him up inside.  As he drove back his mind kept going back to his father and how even in his absence now he was controlling Jay’s life from the grave.
He immediately went to Michele’s house and pulled up to find four police cars parked in the street.  Rushing in he found Patty Somerset on the couch crying her eyes out as six police officers surrounded her in the room along with an elderly man.
“Ms. Somerset what’s going on,” Jay shouted as he burst in the front door and into the den.
The startled officers stepped in front of him asking who he was.
“He’s Jay Carlton,” responded the lieutenant as he stood to confront Jay.  “Jay what are you doing here?”
“Trying to find out why my girlfriend is at the police station and why her house is surrounded by police cars.”
“Jay, with the help of our canines we’ve found your father’s body buried in the field out back and with all the evidence we now have we believe your mom and your girlfriend conspired to kill your father to rid your family of this monster person who was tearing your lives apart.”
“Jay I’m Tom Hayes, your mother’s lawyer and now Patty’s lawyer also.  I’ll be handling the case for all of you and would advise you at this time not to say anything else pertaining to this case.”
“Can I talk to you in private?” Jay asked.
“Certainly, let’s go out onto the back porch.”
They both left the room and pulled up chairs across from each other on the screened porch.
“How bad does it look?” asked Jay without hesitation.
“I’ll admit it looks pretty bad since they’ve found the body buried in the field.  All the circumstantial evidence they had from the beginning led them across the yard, through the woods, and to the field but now with a body it just all ties together.”
“But there are so many loose ends; I just don’t understand how they can pin it on them.  Sure their fingerprints are over the place but it’s her house and we’re all there all the time.”
“I know, and while they’re working on tying things together, I’ll be working on untying those suspicions.  Remember, we’re innocent until found guilty, so the burden of proof without a shadow of a doubt falls on them.”
“Can you get them both released while the investigation continues?”
“I’ll try, but it doesn’t look good at this point with a body being found.  It’s not easy on a first-degree murder case.”
“How soon before the case is ready and the trial begins?”
“Probably months Jay.”
“And they’ll have to stay in jail all that time?”
“I’m afraid so, but I’ll try my best to get them released.”
By the time they finished talking and walked back into the house the room was empty except for Patty who was still wiping tears from her face.
“I’m so very sorry,” Jay said as he knelt on the rug in front of her chair.  “This is all my fault that they’ve dragged your daughter into this catastrophe.  I’m so sorry.”
“It’s not your fault Jay.  You’re the best thing to happen to Michele in her life so I wouldn’t blame you for this.  I blame your father for dragging us all through a life of hell and I blame the person who committed this crime for not coming forward and setting two innocent people free.”
Those words caused a large lump to form in Jay’s throat.
“Both my daughter and your mother are suffering in jail needlessly for something they didn’t do.  Can you imagine either one of them actually killing your father and then plotting together to drag his body out of the house and digging a grave to bury him?”
Jay was again silent as his beet red face just stared at her swollen tear-soaked eyes.



CHAPTER 39


The next morning while staying in his vacant home and spending a restless sleepless night, the phone rang.
“Jay this is Tom Hayes calling,” said the voice at the other end.
“Yes sir, do you have any news?”
“I’m afraid I do Jay,” came the words from the other end that didn’t lend much hope to the conversation.  “The judge called us in and said the coroner has determined that your father was horribly beaten all over his body but that wasn’t the cause of his death.  The cause of death was suffocation from lack of oxygen which leads them to believe that your father was buried alive.  What that means is that this was a premeditated murder which means no release while the trial is waiting.  They both must remain in jail for the whole thing.  I’m sorry Jay.”
The words were pouring into Jay’s right ear but he just couldn’t comprehend what was being said.  His mind was in a state of limbo as the meaning of what was being said set in and he knew all his hopes had now vanished.  He thanked the lawyer and hung up.
For the first time shame entered his body as the words of Patty Somerset echoed throughout his mind.  He should be ashamed of letting these two women suffer for what he had done.  And ashamed he now was.
His mind raced as he contemplated scenarios of what he could possibly do to turn this whole thing around.  It was definitely something that had to be corrected and to him the whole thing had justifiable cause.  His father was an animal that didn’t deserve to live.  He had made their entire life pure hell and now that monster was out of their lives and that was good.  Was he the only one seeing the good in all of this?  He had rid the world of an abusive man whose vicious deeds far outweighed his contributions to society. 
But now, at this point, what could he do?

The black police car carrying Lieutenant Hodges pulled up in front of the house as he and his partner got out of the car and proceeded to the front door.  As they waited for a response from their knocking and the door bell they looked in the windows at a dark house with no activity inside.
“Jay, are you in there,” shouted the lieutenant as he rapped harder on the door with his closed fist.
With no response they both proceeded to the back door where they again knocked on the door with the same response.
“Let’s go in,” he said to his partner.
With the butt of his gun he broke a pane of glass out of the rear door and reaching in unlocked the door.
“Jay, this is Lieutenant Hodges from the police department, are you in here?”
Again his words were met with silence.
After checking the downstairs rooms they went upstairs to Jay’s room and opening the door found his undisturbed bed and no sign of him at all.
“I guess this is why there were no answers to the phone calls from his family,” his partner said as they put their guns away, satisfied that the house was empty.
It was then that they heard a sound coming from downstairs, a sound they couldn’t immediately recognize.
They both drew their guns again and slowly proceeded back down the stairs and into the den where the sound seemed to come from.  As they turned the corner they were confronted by Goldie, the family dog.
“Hey girl,” said the lieutenant with relief as he knelt down to pet the friendly dog he had met several times on his visits.  “Hi there sweetie, where’s your master girl, where is he?”
Goldie just wagged her tail and barked once.  As they walked to the kitchen Goldie followed where the decision was made to fill her food bowl and leave her inside.
They walked to the back door and were in the process of locking it when Goldie began barking continually.  As the lieutenant opened the door back up Goldie ran towards him and out the door.
“Wait girl,” he shouted but it was too late, Goldie was out in the yard and would have nothing to do with going back inside.  “Oh well, I know she’s an outdoor dog because she’s been out here more than inside when I’ve visited so let’s just leave her in the yard for now.”
They reached in grabbing her food bowl, set it on the patio, locked the door, and began walking out front as Goldie again approached them barking continually.  They turned and watched as the dog seemed to want them to follow.  Turning, they followed Goldie straight to the back yard shed where she stopped and continued her barking.
“I would say there is someone or something in that shed,” the lieutenant remarked as they both pulled their revolvers again.  Placing his hand on the door knob he opened the door with a quick rapid swing as they both stepped in.



CHAPTER 40


They slowly released the rope from the rafters as Jay’s body hung helplessly in midair.  The blueness of his face and hands told them immediately that he had been hanging there for many hours.
Goldie barked again as they lowered his lifeless body to the ground.  The dog immediately went over and gave his face a lick but quickly left the shed with his tail between his legs as though he sensed his beloved master was no longer here.
The lieutenant picked up the note that was lying on the ground beside the chair that had been purposely kicked out from under him.

To my beloved Mom and my dearest Michele,

The world is a better place without Don Carlton in it.  This man spent his entire life wanting the world to bow at his feet and recognize the fact that he was the person in charge.  Unfortunately for you mom, the majority of his life was spent forcing you to believe that.  From the moment I knew who this man was I recognized that our life would not be a pleasant one because of him.  So, when I was finally old enough and strong enough I decided we didn’t need this man in our lives anymore.  I spent years wanting to do to this man what he had done to you every day of his life. Abuse became his signature as each day he filled our lives with fear and regret.  Fear that he would finally beat you to death, and regret that I could never do the same to him.
But finally the time had come and as I witnessed your scarred and battered body being wheeled out by the ambulance crew I knew that this was the perfect time to make this beating his last.  As usual he was drunk and didn’t fully realize what was happening but as my revenge became more pleasurable he knew his time had come.
The pleasure of this whole thing was inflicting the pain on him that he inflicted on you for so many years; a pain that even more intensified when he started to also beat you Michele as well as our beloved Goldie.  All of your scarred and battered faces were in front of me as I punished this man for the years that he punished us.  
Even though I’m ashamed for what I have done, those moments I spent beating him and finally watching him cry for mercy as I shoveled the dirt on top of his body were probably the most enjoyable moments of my young life.  I felt I finally took up for you mom and revenged this bastardly man for everything he did to you over the years;   years that you should have been happy instead of hiding under the makeup of his abusive hands.
To the police I say, this is my confession.  I alone killed my father the night he beat my mother for the final time.  I kicked him and punched him until he was almost unconscious and then pulled his body out to the field and buried him alive.  Alive because I wanted him to know what was happening, who was doing it, and I wanted to hear him beg for mercy the way his wife had begged for mercy for all those years.
The world needs to know about abuse both verbal and physical, and how so many people put up with it without saying a word to anyone, abuse that tears apart a family and destroys lives.  Our family life was destroyed by this man.  Most kids have memories of childhood birthdays and fun-filled family vacations, while my childhood is peppered with the faces of my beaten mother and her screams for mercy. 
I have chosen this path because I have brought shame to my family for what I have done.  Besides the crime, I have watched like a coward as the two most important people in my life have been jailed and humiliated for a crime they didn’t commit.  The quickest way to ease their pain is to end my life.  
I’m sorry to both of you for ending my life this way but believe me it is best for all of us.  The two of you will be free again and won’t have to live a life of visiting me in jail or seeing me put to death for murder.  And me, hopefully I’ll have the honor of again visiting with my father in the life hereafter and spending time making his life the hell he made ours.

Jay
####


Discover other titles by Gary Lusby at Smashwords.com:

Thanks for Caring
Ryan and the Cave of Secret Passages
The Girl Across the Street
Ryan and the Wizard of Rocks
A Messenger from Heaven
Family Secrets
Serial
Given the Chance


