Merlin's Awakening
An Untimely Error #1
by Tom Larcombe
Copyright 2013, Tom Larcombe
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is dedicated to my mother, Glenda Larcombe, who passed away while I was writing it. While she might not have approved of some of the contents, she would have been proud just the same.

Table of Contents
chapter 1
chapter 2
chapter 3
chapter 4
chapter 5
chapter 6
chapter 7
chapter 8
chapter 9
chapter 10
chapter 11
chapter 12
chapter 13
chapter 14
chapter 15
chapter 16
chapter 17
chapter 18
chapter 19
chapter 20
chapter 21
chapter 22
chapter 23
chapter 24
chapter 25


Chapter 1
Merlin looked up and smiled as the door to his cottage opened to admit his apprentice. Nimue was a beautiful girl and the sun silhouetted her with a golden aura as she entered. In her third year of study, she was an exceptional student; quick to learn new concepts and able to rapidly comprehend the principles of magic he relayed to her. He could teach her the underlying theories of magic better than any of his previous students.
“Merlin, do you know what day today is?” she asked.
Merlin knew it was her coming of age day. She'd mentioned it at least three times daily over the past month. He played along with her though.
“No, tell me. What's special about today?”
“It's my coming of age day! Now even if my parents tell me I have to stop studying with you, I can ignore them and do as I will.”
“Well, let's hope it doesn't come to that. It's good to have family. Trust me when I say that having no living family is an unhappy predicament.”
“But they're so slow. I sometimes wonder how they could be my parents. Didn't you teach me that most things are passed down from mother and father to child? How they could be my parents, I just don't know.”
“But they are. I showed you the incantation that determines familial relationship and you told me that you used it on them.”
“I know, but still.”
“Some people are just... more... than others. Regardless of their family. You're one of them.”
“Thank you Merlin. Do you know what else is special about today?”
This time he didn't know the answer.
“No, what?”
“You told me two years ago, when I offered myself to you, that I had to wait until I was of an age. Well, now I am. I know you want me, I see how you look at me sometimes. Could today's lessons be of a more physical nature?”
Nimue crossed the cottage and stood directly in front of Merlin. She leaned up in an attempt to press her lips to his.
Demon Shit! This girl... no, she's a woman. This woman knows that I find her attractive. If only I knew that she wanted me for myself and not for my power. I think she does but I refuse to invade her mind to find out. Even if she wants me just for my power, she's still giving herself to me, he thought.
Merlin leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. A few minutes later he led her back to his bedchambers where they spent the rest of the day, and most of the evening.
* * *
Nimue burst through the door to Merlin's cottage, interrupting his lazy morning.
“Merlin, my father and brothers are coming for you. They found out what we were doing yesterday and my father is enraged. He called you a fraud and a charlatan. He said he's going to kill you.”
Merlin tugged his beard gently.
“Well, I guess I'll just have to show him what this fraud and charlatan can do then, won't I?”
“Oh please Merlin. Don't kill them. They're my family. You're the one that told me how good it is to have a family. Isn't there something else we can do?”
Merlin's mind raced.
I've been bored for some time. The only reason I'm still here is Nimue. She's still far too young for me though. I like young women, but my definition of young has shifted as I've aged. Most people would consider my idea of young to be a woman about to enter middle age. When your life is measured in centuries the concept of youth becomes fluid.
“Nimue, you're of an age now. Would you like to leave your family home? Tend my cottage for me? I'll leave for a while, several years at least. When I return we can handfast if you like, our apparent ages will match better then.”
“But you can't leave me.”
“Well, it's either that or some of your family gets injured or possibly killed. If I simply disappear for a few days they'll return for me, won't they?”
“Yes, probably.”
“So, if I leave for years the problem should be resolved. Your lifespan is that of a wizard, not that of a normal person, so we'll have a long time together after I return. Will you tend my cottage for me until then? You've enough magic of your own to provide those who come to me for help with what they need.”
“Yes, I will,” Nimue said, “But where will you go?”
“Come with me, I'll show you. There's a cave entrance out back of my cottage. It's normally concealed but I'll show you how to find it. I'll simply sleep there for a few years.”
Nimue followed Merlin as he exited the cottage and headed for a hill that stood well back from his home. When they reached the base of it, a pass of his hand revealed the entrance to a cave.
“I'll be in here. You can come back here and even enter the cave. You won't be able to touch me though, the spell will prevent that.”
Merlin entered the cave with Nimue following. He began to lecture, using the tone he normally did when teaching.
“You know that the triangle is the strongest two-dimensional shape and the pyramid the strongest three-dimensional shape. In this case I shall use two of each. The first of each shape to protect myself physically and temporally. The second of each will maintain the spell itself. Breaking the spell would require either the energy to drain from each of the crystals or the breaking of a pyramid or triangle. The second set of each shape should protect all four spells from breaking, barring total destruction of a large portion of a protective shape.”
As Merlin spoke he moved about the chamber, laying crystals on the floor. He inserted several of them in the walls and ceiling to complete his pyramids. When he was done, he stood in the middle of the shapes. 
“Now to key it. What would be a good trigger to break the spell? Aha, I have it. The dragons should be back in the area on their cyclical migration in several years. I'll key it to them.”
“Wait,” said Nimue, “you've yet to start the spells, right?”
“Correct.”
“Good.”
She rushed to Merlin and wrapped him in her arms. He drew in a sharp breath, inhaling her unique scent. A long, lingering kiss followed before she backed off. 
Merlin stood in the center of his spell shapes, the taste of Nimue lingering on his lips. He made the connections for the crystals, feeling the matrix of magical energy waiting on his bidding.
“May this spell keep me sleeping; protected and withdrawn from time until the dragons fly here once more.” he said as he visualized the trigger for the spells to stop, the image of a dragon in the sky overhead.
Nimue stared at him as he activated the spells. He carried the sight of her eyes, the scent of her hair, and the taste of her lips into his long sleep.
* * *
centuries passed...
* * *
He crawled out from under a covering of rocks and dust. Many smaller stones tumbled off of him as he stood. Amidst them were some of the crystals used to form his spell of sleep. He gathered up the crystals, those that were intact, and noted that they were barely charged at all. They went into his pouch for safekeeping. Several of the crystals were no more than shards, shattered by something.
I wonder how long I've slept? I'm as drained and exhausted as my crystals, he thought.
The spell he used specified ‘until the dragons fly here once more’. When he planned his sleep he thought that it would be perhaps a decade, two at most. Twenty years was an eye blink to a dragon, or a wizard, but it was long enough that Nimue's family members who sought him should have been dead and buried, or at least forgotten about one old wizard.
He knew, from his own research, that the life force of a dragon was one of the major reasons magic was available in the world. The very existence of a dragon created magic and they shed it constantly, leaving bits and pieces accumulated here and there. Their flights, lairs, and mating sent it flitting about the world for those like him to gather and use.
He glanced at his crystals, their glow dimmed nearly to non-existence. One flickered briefly before it lost its glow entirely.
The dragons haven't been around here in a very long time or else there would be more energy stored in these. Well, there's still the sun to collect energy from, even if it's slower. The simple joys of life should provide some power also. I'm sure there are still lives being lost all the time as well, although I'm loathe to use the power from those, he thought.
He brushed the dust from his tunic and breeches. Then he combed his beard out with his fingers, tugging it gently as he did in times of stress. He continued his efforts to make himself look presentable before seeking the exit from the cavern.
Noises from outside disrupted his preening. He looked up and wondered at the sharp, muffled reports he heard.
I must find out what's making that noise, he thought.
The opening he used to enter the cavern was no longer there. A rock slide, recently occurred, blocked the opening. He removed stones from the large pile blocking the entry. It took more than an hour of effort before he could finally see a small sliver of sky.
So much for trying to make myself look presentable. I'm covered in sweat and mud now, he thought.
His breathing was shallow, the stale air from the cavern causing him to take the minimum he could into his lungs with each breath. When the outside air rushed in he wished he were still breathing the air trapped in the cavern.
Smells of brimstone and sulfur, blood and human innards bore heavily into him as he breathed the new influx of air. The earlier noises were gone, stopped at some point while he dug. Risking a small use of magic he sent his Sight out through the opening.
Scattered about the landscape he was once familiar with were the remains of a slaughter. The lovely glade that contained the entrance to his cave was no more.
Splintered trees and bushes lay scattered about the landscape. Deep, ragged holes marred the ground and amidst them lay a human carnage. Pieces of bodies were scattered about the devastated glade. Several individuals were alive, their concentration focused out beyond the holes they lay in. They held long tubes of wood and metal in their hands, pointing them out beyond the holes.
Sharp reports filled the air again. This time, un-muted by a covering of dirt and rock. The sounds were offensively loud to his ears. He heard a distinct humming nearby and looked about for the flying creature causing it. When he saw spurts of dirt and rock flying into the air he understood that no living creature was responsible for the sound. 
A quick incantation enhanced his perceptions. He looked again to see small pieces of metal, in non-natural shapes, flying through the air. 
Those long tubes of metal I saw in the hands of the men are responsible for the reports. Each time they make a sound they spit out one of those pieces of metal. They're like the bows and crossbows of my time, but far more deadly.
One of his crystals drained, going dark, and rather than tax another he let the spell lapse. There were a number of enchantments he could use from his own remaining energy rather than draining his crystals. In a snap decision he decided to hoard his crystals for a time when he actually needed them.
A quick gesture and some concentration caused the light to bend itself around him, not true invisibility but as close to it as he could come with his own energy. In an attempt to keep himself safe he also created a shield of hardened air that would protect him from the small metal objects whistling about. After clearing a larger opening he walked out and gazed over the edge of the large hole the cave entrance now led to. 
The only signs of the forest that covered the area when he went to sleep were several splintered trees. The rest of the land was now open plains, sporting several similar holes to the one in front of him. There were people in these other holes. They were holding more of the items that hurled small metal pieces through the air. Helmets adorned the heads of these people and on the side of one he caught a glimpse of the sun rune.
A thick, meaty impact, followed by a strangled cry, caught his attention. One of the men in this hole had been struck by a flying piece of metal. As the man's life expired, there was a surge in the available magical energy. Although he disliked using death magics, he instinctively caught the energies fleeing from the man's body and stored them in the crystal that went dark earlier.
I don't know what's going on and may need the energy. I hate doing that though, it always feels to me as though I'm trapping a part of the person until I use the energy I gathered that way, he thought.
Although dragons provided the stronger magic needed for large workings, each man himself had a small amount that they could call upon. The strong emotions each individual felt generated energy within them. These personal energies were released when the person died and this was what he just appropriated. Walking back to his hole, he slipped inside the cavern once more, letting his spells lapse. Perhaps when this fight was over he could speak to the victors and find out when he was and other basic information.
He waited a full half hour before the reports stopped again. A glance through the entrance showed the men in this hole resting, speaking with one another in a guttural language he didn't understand. Learning a language was another magic he could perform but he would need the energies from a crystal to do so if he didn't want to exhaust himself.
He sent a thread of his awareness out to one of the men sheltering in the hole. It entered the man's mind and began searching. When it found the appropriate memories, he fueled the spell with the crystal he just charged. The crystal went dark as his mind was struck with the man's native language. 
The spell took several seconds and normally left him with a headache. This time was no exception. His head aching, he climbed through the hole once again. The men didn't notice him immediately but when he cleared his throat, three of them spun and pointed their metal hurling contraptions at him.
“Halten Sie, identifizieren Sie sich!”
It took a moment for his mind to translate the statement to:
“Halt, identify yourself!”
Once it did he replied.
“Mein Name ist Merlin” (My name is Merlin)
“What are you doing here?”
Merlin gestured towards the opening he just crawled out of.
“You awoke me in my cave.”
The eyes of one of the men went wide and he turned to another, barking a command.
“Get the squad leader on the radio. Tell him to come here as quickly as possible. It seems that we have not been chasing our own tails.”
He turned to Merlin.
“We've been looking for you sir. There are many tales of you in this day and age. We were told that they pinpointed your location to this area but, I must confess, there were doubts.”
“Tales of me? I find that both flattering and somewhat unnerving. There are many things in my past I would prefer not to be remembered for.”
“If you are who you say you are, then I'm sure that any questions you have will be answered. If you are not, then I pity you sir.”
Silence reigned over the area for several minutes before another man slid over the edge of the hole. 
“Squad leader, this man appeared in the crater claiming that his name is Merlin,” the man Merlin spoke with earlier said.
The squad leader was older than the other men. He walked over to Merlin, looked him over, and asked a set of questions that left Merlin wondering just what tales of him were still known.
“The day before you disappeared, what were you doing? What was the reason for your disappearance? I know the answer and if you answer wrong I will shoot you where you stand. So truth now, and hurry it up.”
Merlin gently tugged his beard.
“I dallied with a young lady named Nimue. She told her family that night and the next morning she came to warn me that they were coming for me. She also begged me not to harm them so instead I put myself to sleep. I thought it might be a decade or so and Nimue would be of an age to be a true partner for me when I awoke. Evidently it has been much longer than I planned.”
The squad leader's demeanor changed abruptly.
“Sir, I beg your forgiveness for my earlier threat but I have lost several men during our search. My superiors wish to speak with you. I have transportation if you will come with us. We'll need to carefully retreat from this sector. My men will cover our retreat and then follow us.”
“Certainly sir, lead the way.”
As a precaution Merlin set the shield of hardened air about himself again before following the squad leader.
Merlin's precautions were for naught. The squad leader gathered ten men and arrayed them in a double ring about Merlin as they left the field of battle. He was led to a strange metal contraption. The cloth covering on its back made it resemble a wagon. When it roared to life, he jumped. The smell of a chemical smoke filled his nostrils as he watched the men enter the rear of the metal wagon. 
“Come on, come on. We need to be moving,” the squad leader said, gesturing Merlin towards a door near the front of the wagon. Merlin cautiously entered through the door and found a hard seat to sit down on. He slid to the middle as the squad leader entered behind him. The man on the other side of him apparently controlled the wagon since when he moved his hands and feet it jerked into motion.
Within seconds a brisk wind blew the chemical smoke out of the enclosure and Merlin was able to taste mostly fresh air, scented only by the men to either side of him. He attempted to talk, but the noise from the wagon was too loud and he was unable to make himself heard without yelling. He settled in to watch the countryside pass by at an astonishing rate of speed.

Chapter 2
“Stop the truck!” the squad leader yelled.
Merlin saw the man controlling the wagon react to the order. As the wagon came to a halt, Merlin filed away the proper name of the conveyance, a truck. Adding meanings to the new words in his vocabulary would be a common occurrence for him over the coming weeks.
“There are wounded over there. Get the men out of the back and have them load the wounded into it. Our stop for tonight will be at an aid station.”
The driver slid out of the truck and disappeared to the rear. Shouted orders rang out from in back and Merlin watched as the soldiers who had escorted him moved five wounded men into the rear of the truck.
“I won't have our soldiers dying from neglect,” the squad leader said.
“That is an admirable aim. I can look at them myself if you like, I have some skill with healing.”
“Perhaps when we get to the aid station. We don't have much time right now and I would like to get you out of any potential danger from the enemy.”
“Once upon a time I hoped that men would stop fighting their wars. It is such a waste.” Merlin said.
“There are just reasons for war. All men would have to disavow it at the same time for such a thing to occur and there are many races who choose violence over peace. I would hope to live in peace one day as well but not at the cost of submission to those who choose to live in strife,” the squad leader said.
The driver climbed back into the cabin of the truck and started it once again, stifling any further conversation. Merlin continued to watch the countryside pass, noticing that the farther they drove, the less damage he saw.
It was nearly dusk when they approached a compound. The driver stopped in front of the gates and waited while the guards spoke with the squad leader. The conversation ended with the guard rendering a crisp salute and opening the gates for the truck. They drove into the compound and the driver shut the truck off and went around back. 
Merlin saw the wounded being carried into a building.
“Might I go and see if I can do something for those wounded men now?” Merlin asked.
“Wait several minutes first. The doctors will want to look at them right away and I need to contact my superiors by radio to let them know you've been found,” the squad leader replied.
“Doctors, not healers?”
“Doctors are healers.”
“I must not be understanding your language well yet, they seem different terms to me,” Merlin said.
“Well, I will bring you to the wounded as soon as I can. Then you can meet the doctors also.”
“Thank you.”
“Please come with me. I must radio a report in and I fear that my superiors might have a problem with me letting you out of my sight now that we've finally found you.”
Merlin followed the squad leader to a small shack in the compound. Once inside he found himself staring at another metal device. This one was smaller than the truck and didn't produce a chemical smoke, yet something about it disturbed him. Merlin edged closer as the squad leader instructed the soldier on the message to send.
It feels almost as though they've trapped magic in that thing and are using it as a fuel, Merlin thought. It isn't quite the same though. Whatever powers this device has a distinct feeling of wrongness to it.
Merlin found himself unconsciously backing away from whatever it was. The soldier finished speaking into the device and Merlin took another step back when a voice replied from it.
“You're sure it's him? He answered the question correctly?”
The squad leader nodded at the soldier.
“Yes, it is and yes, he has,” the soldier relayed.
“Good, hold in that location for further instructions. We will fly him the rest of the way to the research facility. Expect orders in less than twelve hours.”
The device went silent again as the squad leader turned to Merlin.
“We wait here until I receive further orders. We can go and see the wounded now if you want.”
“Yes, please. I would like that. What should I call you? I've been using Sir, but to me that means a knight. I know you are a soldier but are you a knight?”
“No, I'm not a knight. I hadn't thought, but with your past Sir would not be the appropriate title for you either. I'm Gunter, shall I call you Merlin?”
“Please do, Gunter. Using your given name is acceptable?”
“Yes Merlin, it is.”
“Can we go and see the wounded now?”
“Follow me.”
Gunter turned and left the shack. He led Merlin to the building the wounded were taken into earlier. The scents of illness and astringent chemicals assaulted Merlin's nose as he entered.
He began to head for the wounded that were lying on cots down both sides of the building. A man in a white coat stepped in front of him and challenged him.
“Who are you?”
Gunter took the man aside and spoke softly to him while Merlin continued towards the wounded. The voices that started out soft raised in volume, and emotion. Merlin wasn't paying attention but he couldn't help notice that the man in the white coat was berating Gunter for allowing Merlin access to the wounded.
Merlin gazed at the first wounded man he found, his senses traveling within the man to determine what was wrong.
“Sir, if I might speak with you?” Merlin said, gesturing towards the man in the white coat. 
The man walked over, anger evident in his stride.
“What?”
“This man here. The leg wound has gone sour. There are tiny creatures, smaller than the eye can see, that are infesting it.”
“I know his leg is infected, we have no antibiotics right now so we can't do anything more than keep the wound clean.”
“Antibiotics? Never mind. I can compel the creatures out through the wound but we will need cloth to catch them. If they get onto his skin or back into the wound it may become re-infested.”
“Compel an infection to leave a man? Hogwash!”
Gunter interjected.
“Doctor, get Merlin some cloth. I've been instructed to watch what he does and I would like to see this.”
The doctor stalked off, returning with a handful of gauze bandages. Merlin looked at them dubiously before folding them over, repeatedly, until he thought they were thick enough that liquid would be unable to pass all the way through.
He removed the dressing on the wound and examined it. The infestation was bad, the smell of it rank once the wound's dressing was out of the way. The wound was leaking fluid so there was already an exit out of the man's body. 
That's a relief. This man, I suppose he is one of their doctors, would attempt violence were I to cut the wound open to drain it, Merlin thought.
He held the folded gauze against the wound and sent his senses into the man's body. He herded and chastened the infesting creatures, driving them towards the open wound. The gauze he held to the wound began to moisten and turn yellow. The stench increased as the fluids and creatures that plagued the wounded man seeped out. Merlin was exhausted long before he was done but he kept up his efforts until he could no longer detect any creatures inside of the man.
He slumped into a nearby chair and looked at the doctor. 
“If you re-dress that wound with a clean bandage, he should be noticeably improved by morning.”
Merlin turned his head with an effort, finding a bin that held other used bandages. He added the gauze to its contents.
“Gunter, it seems that I am not as strong as I once was, nor even as strong as I thought. Is there a place that I can rest? Perhaps some food to eat?”
The thought of food sent Merlin's stomach surging with eagerness.
“Food first if possible. Depending on how you look at it, I have not eaten all day or possibly in many years. Speaking of such, what year is this? How long did I sleep?” Merlin said.
“The dates aren't easy to translate but our best guess is that you slept for somewhere around thirteen hundred years,” Gunter said.
Merlin's jaw dropped. He stared at Gunter, speechless.
“Merlin? Did you still want something to eat?”
Merlin nodded and followed as Gunter turned and left the infirmary. As he followed Gunter out of the room Merlin heard the doctor muttering under his breath.
“Poppycock! Thirteen hundred years, compelling an infection to leave a man, what garbage...”
Merlin shook his head. Even in his own time there were those who would not believe. Why should a new age be any different?
* * *
Merlin collapsed on the bed. It was the only furniture in the room he was shown to when he finished eating. He stretched out and thought for a moment.
Why am I so exhausted? All my senses seem to be diminished as my hearing is when listening through a thick fog. My headache was gone earlier, it left during the ride in the truck, but now it's returned. There is something wrong, either with me or with my surroundings. I'll need to determine what it is but not now, right now I need sleep. Sleeping for centuries should leave you not needing more right away but at the end of the day the body will demand what it thinks it needs.
* * *
Merlin woke to the sun streaming in his window. Only now did he register the difference in the light he saw last night and the sun. He was used to a steady light at nights, his magic allowed him that luxury. Now he realized that the rooms and halls of this building all held a steady illumination from within. He peered at the light on the ceiling.
It looks like a crystal in a shape I've never seen before. It glows with a different light than the sun, but a steady one.
As he drew closer Merlin realized something else as well.
It's powered by the same thing that their radio was. Do they use that everywhere? If so, that may explain the way I feel.
He left his room and returned to the hall he ate dinner in the night before. As he suspected, they were serving breakfast now. He sat down to eat and Gunter joined him.
“So Merlin, it seems my superiors have a disagreement as to what to do with you and where you should go.”
“Do I have a say in this?”
“Not yet, I'm sure once they determine where you should be that you'll be listened to. Until then, this aid station is as secure as anything in the area. So we are to wait here.”
“I'll need to be outside some today. The sunlight increases my energy and I'll need it to aid your other wounded.”
“That was miraculous. The doctor in attendance last night has asked me to beg your forgiveness. He also asked if there was some way you could teach him what you did. I told him that he must ask you.”
“Well, if I am to aid any more wounded I will need some time undisturbed in the sun. Preferably away from the smell of the trucks and the noises of the compound.”
“There's a large fenced off area behind the buildings. The only things back there are some fruit trees from the house that stood here before. Would an orchard set in an overgrown meadow be an appropriate area for you?”
“That may well do, I should like to go there next if I may.”
“Well, just let me finish my food and I'll show it to you.”
Gunter led Merlin out behind the aid station. He gestured around the area. Several acres were enclosed by a low stone wall. Wire fencing topped the stones of the wall, an obvious recent addition. The very top of the fence was made of a circling wire with sharp looking protrusions.
“The fence is disconcerting but the rest of the area will do nicely. I will probably choose one of the back corners if there is good sunlight there.”
“Feel free, but please stay in the compound. I was correct and my life now depends on your safety.”
Merlin thought of Arthur and the increasing demands which eventually led to his flight from Arthur's kingdom.
“Certainly, I am far too familiar with superiors who make ultimatums.”
He moved into the orchard. Gunter's eyes followed but the man made no move to accompany him. When Merlin found a section far enough away that the sounds and scents of the compound were muted, if not gone, he looked for an area with sunlight.
Carefully arranging his crystals in the patch of sunlight he found, he laid down in the center of them and began to clear his mind in an attempt to clarify his thoughts.
* * *
Merlin came back to himself. The position of the sun indicated that he'd spent several hours lost in his thoughts. His crystals were recharged slightly, having soaked up a tiny bit of power from the sun. Sunlight was a slow way to charge them but far cleaner than death magic.
 If only there were dragons about I could store a clean charge quickly but I've seen no signs that any of them are still alive, never mind in the area, he thought.
He felt much better than the day before. His discovery that the power source used in the radio and lights depleted his own energy levels had led him to develop a shield to prevent that. He would prefer to simply avoid the power source but his observations told him that doing so might not be possible. So, a portion of his mind developed the shield while the rest of it sought to find a mental balance that would allow him to adapt to the new time he found himself in.
He took stock of his own condition and discovered that his energy levels were recharged far more than those of the crystals. He stood and headed for the building holding the wounded.
When he came out through the trees Gunter was sitting at the back of the building.
“Merlin, I had begun to worry about you.”
Gunter peered at Merlin as he came closer.
“I do believe the color is coming back to your hair.”
“Back? I hadn't realized that it was gone.”
“Merlin, a common term for a man who looks like you did yesterday is graybeard. It's a descriptive term. But now your beard and hair are shot through with brown instead of being a solid silvery gray.”
“I've always had brown hair, with perhaps a hint of gray in recent years. I suppose it must have been the length of the sleep I took.”
“Perhaps. I wouldn't venture to guess what thirteen hundred years could do to a man, assuming he could live that long. Anyhow, when we reached dinner time I would have come to find you. As I said, they're holding me responsible for you.”
“Thank you for not doing so. I was in a thought trance of sorts. Things are different here and now and some of the differences have been causing me problems. For example, the power source for the radio and the lights does strange things to me.”
“Electricity? You'll find it in lots of places, more all the time.”
“Electricity you say?”
“Yes, it's used in the radio, in the lights, in many of the comforts within the buildings. A form of it is even used in the truck we rode in.”
“That's strange, the truck didn't bother me at all but the other things do seem to cause me problems. What is the difference in forms you mentioned?”
“I don't know the specifics but the type in the building is called alternating current and the one in the truck is called direct current. I know the names but you'd need to ask someone who has studied it what the exact difference is.”
“Perhaps I shall. Can we see the wounded now? Depending on the severity of their injuries I may be able to help several of them today.”
The two men visited the infirmary and Merlin used his powers to help several of the wounded. In some cases he healed an injury entirely, in others he assisted the man in a way that would allow him to heal faster on his own.
After they completed the rounds of the wounded, Gunter and Merlin went to dinner. Forewarned, Merlin used his new shield and discovered that it did remove the problem. It was slightly draining to hold but less so than not using it would be. He knew it would become easier for him to hold as he became accustomed to using it.
After dinner Merlin sat in the side yard, simply enjoying the breeze. He saw Gunter enter the radio shack and, due to several of Gunter's statements regarding his superiors, decided that he should hear what was said.
A small enchantment allowed him to send his sense of hearing to the door of the shack. He was just in time to hear an interesting exchange.
“ –apparently growing younger. Once he spent several hours in the sun he was able to heal several more of the wounded just as he did last night.”
“Keep a close eye on him. It would mean your life if he got away.”
“He isn't a prisoner, at least that's what I was told.”
“No he isn't but he also isn't used to things in this time. How easily could he be injured or killed if he stumbled across a mine or a firefight?”
“Less easily than you might think. The man has some sort of inner strength and aplomb that suggests he has yet to meet the difficulty he cannot overcome,” Gunter replied.
“Just watch him. They still haven't agreed as to where he's going.”
“I thought they were taking him to the occult research center?”
“They were but now another branch has shown an interest in him.”
“I know better than to ask any more questions. I'll watch him, we'll help the wounded here, and you know where we are when it's time to issue us travel orders.”
Merlin allowed the spell to lapse.
So, there were plans for me but now their plans are being changed by another group. It sounds like their army may be divided by politics. I'll file that away for future reference.
Gunter left the radio shack and walked over to Merlin.
“They still don't know what to do with you. Shall we turn in for the evening?”
“Yes, but I was wondering. There is a small building over there that looks like it might have been servant's quarters. There is none of that electricity in it. Might I be quartered there?”
“Certainly, although I'll need to join you. I'll get some oil lamps so we can see.”
“That won't be necessary. I can provide light, at least for the main room.”
“Then I'll get my gear and join you there.”
A few minutes later Gunter entered the building and found a yellow light, indistinguishable from sunlight, illuminating the main room. A pair of crystals attached to the lantern holders glowed with the light of the sun. He stared in awe for a moment before looking to Merlin.
Merlin simply shrugged.
“They absorbed sunlight to charge themselves, now I am just having them release it. So long as they are placed in the sun for several hours each day, they can continue to provide this light indefinitely. I made two of them instead of just one so we could each take one to our bedchamber. Simply cover it with a cloth when you want darkness.”
Gunter shook his head at the easy dismissal of what he considered miraculous.
“It was forcefully pointed out to me today that you're unaware of many of the dangers you might encounter,” Gunter said.
“Such as?”
Gunter held up a small metal object, slightly larger than a man's hand.
“This is a pistol, commonly known as a gun or a firearm...”
The explanation of potential dangers took up a good deal of the evening. When Gunter finished explaining what Merlin might encounter, the two men were ready for bed.

Chapter 3
Merlin spent the next pair of days alternating between soaking up the sunlight, working on wounded men, spending time with the doctor, and trying to learn more about the common things going on around him. He learned a bit more about the different types of electricity by working with the man who maintained the trucks. It was enough to develop an inkling of his problem with the other type used in the buildings.
In the afternoon of the second day Gunter came out of the radio shack and approached Merlin.
“We'll be leaving in the morning. They're sending an airplane to a nearby airfield to pick you up and deliver you to a research facility.”
“A research facility?”
“Yes, they perform occult research there, including magic of the type that you wield. They wish to ask questions and see if you can teach it to others.”
“Of course I can teach it to others. If they have suitable students I can get them started on the right path. Anything more than the basics differs in practice from person to person though so they will need to learn their own way after a while. It is rare to find someone that can learn their teacher's methods exactly, it has only happened to me once.”
“So you were able to teach that student everything you knew?”
“To my dismay, I could not. She was my student when I went into the sleep I just awoke from. But I believe that it would have been possible to do so.”
“Well, the basics are a good start for anyone, no? We'll be leaving this compound just after breakfast tomorrow.”
“I'll be ready. I've nothing to pack but my crystals and all save the one you use for lighting are with me at all times.”
* * *
The next morning saw Merlin sliding into the front of the truck between the driver and Gunter again. The same ten men were in back. The truck roared to life and pulled out of the compound. 
Merlin spent the drive considering what the mechanic told him. The direct current electricity the truck used was most similar to the lightnings of a thunderstorm. The alternating current electricity in the buildings was far more similar to the ocean tides, flowing and ebbing constantly. Each time that type ebbed it drained a tiny bit of his own energies away as well. He could feel the electricity in the truck. He was once struck by lightning when out in a storm and the feel of this power was similar now that he knew what to look for.
 After a drive of less than an hour they arrived at an area that was wide open. A pair of buildings flanked a massive stretch of cleared, level ground.
At one end of the clear ground rested another machine, several times the size of the truck. Gunter exited the cab and walked around back. As Merlin followed he overheard him giving orders to the men with him.
“The driver will take you all back to the assembly point. From there the whole unit will travel to barracks. Everyone will have one week of leave since our superiors are very happy with us for successfully completing this last mission. We're sure to receive new orders soon after that so enjoy yourselves while you can.”
Gunter turned to Merlin.
“Follow me please Merlin.”
He led the way to the larger machine. Merlin heard the truck start up and drive off as they reached their destination. When they reached the machine Gunter turned to Merlin.
“This is an airplane. It's used to fly men through the sky.”
The word was in Merlin's newly acquired vocabulary but there was nothing to connect it with until now.
“So, this allows men to fly? I've flown many times on the thoughts of the birds, seen through their eyes as they did. But this machine allows men to do it on their own?”
“With a bit of help it does. But unless you know how to fly one yourself you'll need a pilot,” a man said, coming around the front of the plane.
“Johann, good to see you,” Gunter said.
“You've found another stray, have you?” Johann replied.
“We certainly have not. This one was on orders and is no stray.”
Johann turned and gave Merlin the once over.
“So, you are the pilot of this machine?” Merlin asked.
“Yes, I am.”
“How, exactly, does it allow flight?”
“How long do you have? In simplest terms, air passing over and under the wing creates a pocket of lift which allows the craft to fly.”
“Ah, let me see. So, as a bird cups its wings and flaps to capture the air and force it down to create lift, the plane does so with its wings. But its wings don't move, so what causes the air to move across the wing...”
Merlin remembered the breeze from the windows of the truck.
“Speed, is that it? When the airplane moves quickly enough, its speed causes the air to move past the wing and create lift?”
Johann stared at Merlin.
“In simple terms, yes,” Johann said.
He turned to Gunter.
“Who is this one?”
“Merlin,” Gunter said.
“Merlin... not that Merlin?”
“Yes, that Merlin. Thirteen hundred years of sleep and only awoken several days past.”
Johann turned back to Merlin.
“Merlin, I'm very pleased to meet you. I'm Johann.”
Johann glanced back at Gunter.
“So, it looks like you've finally found the goose instead of all those malformed goslings you've been asking me to fly.”
“Some of those goslings, as you call them, have been well received at the research center. But yes, Merlin is on an entirely different scale than anyone we've found yet.”
“So Merlin, you've a yearning to fly you say?” Johann asked.
“I'm looking forward to it. The sight of a bird is far different from that of a man. I'll be happy to view flight with my own eyes.”
“Come on aboard then. It will be slightly cramped, the Junkers JU 88 is not normally designed for passengers, but we've modified ours a little.”
Merlin followed Johann into the aircraft.
“You can see the two seats in the middle there, those are for Gunter and you. Once we're in the air, you can unstrap yourself and come up front to see what flying in an airplane looks like.”
“Thank you, Johann.”
Gunter helped Merlin strap himself into the seat and then seated himself. Merlin felt a steady vibration in the wall of the plane after the engines started. Before long the craft began to move.
It seems a clumsy beast, Merlin thought as the plane bumped down the runway. Once in the air he revised his thoughts. But in the air it's utterly smooth, it's only clumsy on the ground. I wonder how fast it travels and how well it maneuvers?
The plane leveled out and Merlin unbuckled himself. He had to crouch to move about but made his way to the front of the plane and stopped, enthralled by the view.
“Like what you see, do you?” Johann asked.
“Yes,” Merlin said softly.
“I wouldn't do anything else even if they gave me a choice. I love flying. I especially love the job they have me doing. Sometimes it's transport, sometimes bombing runs, sometimes other things pilots don't normally get to do. I even have my own guns I can control from the cockpit, which is normally something only fighter pilots get.”
Merlin simply stared out the front of the plane, a childlike wonder welling up in him. His personal energies swirled and strengthened as they did when strong emotions took him.
Several minutes later his reverie was interrupted by a livid stream of invective from Johann.
“Damned Spitfires! How'd they find us? How do they know?”
Gunter answered from behind Merlin.
“You think the Allies don't have an occult service as well? For some time I've feared that communications which should be secure have been intercepted. This is another data point for it. Every time I find something and report it in, they seem to show up.”
“Wonderful, but that doesn't help us now. They're closing and I'm already at max throttle.”
“What is the problem?” Merlin asked.
“Fighter airplanes are closing on us. They'll shoot us to shreds and cause us to crash. We'll take some with us, we aren't defenseless, but there are five of them and one of us.”
“Do they shoot the same ammunition as the hand held weapons?”
Johann nodded his head.
“Yes, they're similar but larger and move faster.”
“Where is the most likely point they will fire on this airplane?”
“Why are you asking these questions? I need to figure out what to do.”
“It sounded as though you'd resigned yourself to inaction, to being unable to help. You can give me information so that I can help.”
“I could fly evasive maneuvers but with five of them, they'd just spread out and it wouldn't matter.”
“See, inaction. Now where will they fire on us. I can, perhaps, shield that section.”
“Coming in at the angle they are, they'll either fire at the cockpit, which is this area up front, or the fuel tanks at the rear of the wings.”
“Gunter, would you move forward a little?” Merlin said.
“What are you doing Merlin?” Gunter asked, unbuckling his seat belt and moving forward in the plane.”
“Well, it seems that we're about to be fired upon. I may be able to shield us somewhat but you were beyond the point I would be shielding. I thought you might like the protection.”
“Yes, I would,” Gunter said.
“There are other crew aboard but they'll be manning their stations so they can't move. If you're going to do something, you've got about fifteen seconds left to do it. They're coming in from the left, as you face front, and slightly above us,” Johann said.
“Johann, I should warn you. There will be an impermeable plane of hardened air on the upper left side in a moment. It may affect how the airplane flies. Setting it in place...”
Merlin dropped into a trance since he'd need to concentrate fully to do what he was attempting. Just this morning he wouldn't have attempted it at all, but his joy at flying and seeing the land spread out below him boosted his energy levels.
“Now,” Merlin said in a monotone.
He moved his awareness beyond the skin of the airplane and noted the smaller airplanes closing in on them. He placed a stronger version of his hardened air shield between them and this plane. The shield was attached to the airplane in two places and when it formed, he knew it was attached firmly. The airplane bucked and shook as Johann fought for control.
Johann managed to steady the plane out in a few seconds. Then the Spitfires began shooting. Bullets ripped through the tail assembly, causing the airplane to shake and shudder again. When the line of bullets traveling up the fuselage reached a point several feet behind the wing, the impacts continued but no more holes appeared in the plane. 
Merlin shuddered with each impact though. He would have fallen but Gunter steadied him, holding him in place. Moments later the attack run was over. Three Spitfires streaked off past the JU 88, visible through the cockpit windshield. 
“I don't know what you did Merlin but she's wallowing in the air like a pig in mud. But at least she's still in the air,” Johann said.
Merlin released the shield. He shuddered and sagged into Gunter's support. The roar of the air entering the plane through the bullet holes in the fuselage caused them to shout to be heard.
“That's better. I can still feel the damage in the tail but she's mostly solid, controls are a touch sluggish is all. They're turning around for a return pass though. We shot down two on the first pass so there are only three remaining. Can you do that again?”
Merlin assessed his condition. He was exhausted, all his personal energies drained.
Merlin's hand went to his beard, tugging gently.
“Not without help, but I have a theory. It's a gamble as to whether it will work or not.”
“The Spitfires are more maneuverable than us and still outnumber us three to one. A gamble is better than the straight odds.”
“Does this airplane create more of the electricity than it needs? Can I tap some of it?”
“Can you what? Yes, it makes more than it needs.”
“Are the levels in it dangerous to people?”
“Yes, they are. What are you going to do?”
“The electricity created by the airplane is similar to that of lightning. I can tap it, use it. At least I think I can. I used the power from a bolt of lightning once, not all of it but some at least. I need to put a buffer between the energy and myself though.”
Merlin pulled a mostly uncharged crystal from his pouch. Then he looked for visible wiring in the plane. He noted the passage of the DC current through it as he considered his plan. The crystal went against the wire and he wrapped his hand around both. Then he opened a magical conduit between the electricity and the crystal and willed the energy through it. 
His hand screamed as though he were holding it in boiling oil but usable energy flowed into him, replenishing what he just used and more. His thoughts flickered to the outside of the plane and, as the Spitfires approached, he formed another shield anchored to the side they were attacking. 
The plane bucked again, settling down quicker than it did the previous time. Merlin felt his mind riddled by the bullets striking the shield but none of them passed through. As the Spitfires passed over his airplane, Merlin dropped out of trance and sagged to the floor. Gunter's hands were at his own face and no longer supporting Merlin.
“We got another one on that pass. But damn it! I had one in my sights and the tracers showed my bullets stopping about ten feet away from our plane.”
As he sank into darkness Merlin realized that he didn't warn Johann that the shield worked both ways.
* * *
A throbbing pain drew Merlin from his comforting blackness. His hand was in agony and he needed to do something about it.
His eyes flickered open to find Gunter working on his hand.
“No, wait,” Merlin croaked.
Gunter stopped, more gauze at the ready. Merlin's hand was already partially bandaged.
“Please unwrap it. I need to see the damage and start it healing correctly.”
The scorched, blackened palm and fingers that capped his arm were not encouraging. He knew that he could keep infection from it and that it would heal. It just might take a week or more.
I'm spoiled. Others would be worrying if they could keep their hand. I'm just worried that it will be damaged for a week, he thought.
“I will ask you to bandage it in a moment,” Merlin said.
He sent his awareness into the hand and used his power to force out several foreign bits of matter from the wound. He made sure the blood flow would continue into the burned area and then drew himself back out.
“Please bandage it now.”
Merlin looked at Gunter more closely. Several bloody spots marred Gunter's face.
“What happened to you?” Merlin asked.
“Nothing much. The crystal you held in your hand shattered, sent little shards flying everywhere. A few of them got me in the face. I pulled some out of you also, most of them from your hand.”
Ah, that explains the foreign material, thought Merlin.
“Then once again I owe you thanks,” Merlin said.
“Oh no, we'd be a pile of burning wreckage on the ground right now if not for you. At least that's what Johann says and I trust his word on anything regarding flying. The plane is shot up, the rear half at least, but he assures me that he can still reach our destination.”
“We should arrive in another fifteen minutes,” Johann added from the cockpit.
“As he said. How are you feeling? You look a bit... singed.”
Merlin took a moment to catalog his aches and pains.
“I feel a bit singed. My head aches and my mind hurts. I don't notice those so much because of the hand though.”
“I've never seen anything like that. Your entire body lit up like a light bulb. I was afraid you were going to burst into flame,” Gunter said.
“I've never felt anything like that before. I hope never to do so again either.”

Chapter 4
Merlin and Gunter went back to their seats at Johann's request.
“Strap yourselves in well. This could be a rough landing. I don't know what kind of damage we've taken,” Johann said.
The landing was rough, but controlled. After the steady stream of invective coming from the cockpit throughout the landing, Merlin was simply happy to be on the ground and not moving.
“We're down. You can unbuckle now,” Johann said.
Merlin required Gunter's help with the buckles since his burnt hand was useless for the task.
Johann was the first one out, followed closely by Merlin. Gunter and the other two crew members followed along behind.
By the time Gunter and Merlin oriented themselves, Johann was off talking to some of the on-ground support crew. He was waving his hands and gesticulating wildly.
Gunter sighed.
“We'll need to get you off this airfield quickly. Johann is the best pilot I know but he can't keep his mouth shut about anything when he's at his home base. Soon, every person on this airfield will know who you are and what you did. Some might not believe it, until they look at the shot patterns on the plane anyhow, but others will believe it instantly.”
“Why is that important?”
“Many people have heard legends of you. Would you like to be surrounded by a crowd of people wanting to meet a living legend? Or would you rather quietly leave before a crowd can gather?”
“I see. Yes, we should leave as soon as we can then please.”
“Come with me, we'll see if we have transportation waiting. If not, I'll commandeer a vehicle.”
There was a car waiting for them. Merlin found himself getting into the back seat of a vehicle similar to the truck but shorter. 
“So, this is just for moving people? The truck is for moving lots of people or materials?”
“Correct. I continually forget that much of what I take for granted is brand new to you.”
“That's all right. I'm continually amazed at what I find. I've yet to manage to absorb all of it though. I'll need some time to myself soon so I can try to do so.”
“I'm sure we can arrange for that. Especially after I report on the healing you did as well as the defense of the airplane. They'll spend a few days just trying to make sense of that before they want to talk to you about it, I'm sure.”
The ride took less than an hour from the airfield and the rest of it was made in silence. Merlin attempted to still his mind and continue adjusting to the new things he'd seen and learned. Sights outside the window and the sheer speed of the ride made it difficult for him to do so. Those distractions, combined with the pain from his hand, made it impossible to meditate or even simply still his thoughts.
The car began to slow as it approached a massive stone wall, taller than a man. It stopped at a gate and the driver exchanged words with the guard. The gate opened and the car slowly moved up the drive.
“This is the research facility. I've let them know that you would prefer to be somewhere without electrical power and they said they could accommodate that.”
“That was kind of you Gunter. You've been most thoughtful towards me.”
“This, I believe, is yours,” Gunter said, holding out the crystal that Merlin gave him.
“Oh no, please keep it. The magic I used on it should last indefinitely. So long as it gets an hour or two of sun each day, it will provide light for you throughout the night. It's the least I can do with all you've done for me.”
“Then accept my thanks.”
“You are most welcome. Will you not be staying at the facility?”
“Only for a day or two I should think. They'll have questions for me. I don't know if I'll see you again or not.”
“I certainly hope so. There's no-one else I know around here.”
“I'm sure you'll meet many people soon. Both those who wish to study you and those who wish to study your knowledge. Be wary of who you befriend though. There are some men here that I wouldn't trust if given the choice. There are rumors, dark rumors, about some of the things they do here. I would that I didn't have to bring you here, but I must follow my orders.”
“I understand Gunter. If you've heard tales of me then you know that even in my day there were those whose intentions were not... honorable. I've learned how to identify and deal with them. Hopefully those skills will still work after all this time.”
“I must say, it's an honor to have met you Merlin,” Gunter said.
“You've shown me that there are still decent men in this time, so it is my pleasure to have met you.”
The car came to a stop in the circular driveway. Two different types of guards patrolled the area. They all wore gray but some of them wore collars of a different color.
“The guards with the collars the same color as the uniform, are they an elite force? They wear the rune for lightning, doubled.”
“They would have you believe so. Others say not so much. They are the Schutz-Staffel or the SS for short.”
“Protection Corp?”
“Their name comes from their history. I don't believe that the meaning of the name relates to their duties very much now. I will say no more on that though; those who do often encounter problems.”
Merlin reinforced his mental note about dissent in the ranks due to Gunter's observation.
“Then I shall say no more also. Thank you for your candor,” Merlin said.
Guards opened the doors of the car and the two men exited.
Merlin was escorted into the front doors of the largest building after he exited the car. He thought Gunter was led to one of the other buildings nearby but he wasn't positive. A quick glance around as he entered the building showed that there were three other structures in the immediate vicinity. Each of them was made of massive stone blocks, giving them the appearance of castles or fortresses. He was ready to start asking questions immediately but when he was led to an office by the guards, the only person there appeared to be a functionary. 
“You are Merlin?” the man asked.
“Yes.”
“I understand that you have an aversion to being near electricity, is that correct?”
“Yes, but–”
The functionary plowed through Merlin's attempted distinction between electrical types.
“We've arranged alternate accommodations for you. I will have someone lead you to them and you can tell them if the quarters will be satisfactory.”
The man pulled on a cord and moments later the door opened again. A different guard entered the room. He waited patiently as the functionary gave him instructions, then turned to Merlin.
“Please follow me,” the guard said.
He turned and left the room. Merlin looked to the functionary once again, ready to ask a question. The man had already dismissed Merlin in his mind and was rummaging through a drawer on his desk. Merlin sighed inwardly and turned to follow the guard.
He fumed as he was led to his quarters.
Dismissed as though I were a wayward child. Despite their evident eagerness to get me here, I was met by what was obviously a flunky. There's something strange going on here. Gunter's nervousness, the different guards, everything tells me that this is not a good place. If they want to separate me and leave me alone then I shall take advantage of it.
Merlin looked about the small stone cottage they provided for him to stay in. 
“It will do. A touch small, but for just myself it will be fine,” he said.
He settled down on the stone floor in the middle of the cottage and worked on stilling his thoughts.
 All the wonders I've seen, simply an expression of the ingenuity of mankind. The thousand plus year sleep, an error on my part. Who could guess that the dragons would never fly the skies above my cottage again. The wrongness I'm feeling from this facility? Well, now that my thoughts have calmed I can start to get to the bottom of that.
Merlin placed a crystal on the windowsill with his wounded hand, using the motion to stretch his fingers. He knew if he didn't stretch them frequently as they healed, he'd end up with a claw that would take months to straighten. The heat of the sun on the burn reminded him that the wound was still very new and that he'd need to attend to it later on.
The prism refracted the sunlight into a rainbow on the wall. Merlin placed himself in the refracted light and settled into a comfortable position. It wasn't necessary, but the refracted light acted like a mnemonic to him when he wanted to split his consciousness. He could spend less of his own time and energy when using it.
Merlin split off a thread of his awareness and advanced it towards the larger building he recently left. He could sense the areas where electricity ran inside the building and snaked his awareness around them. The one time he got too close to it he could feel it drawing off his power and disrupting his probe.
He made it back to the office he was in earlier and slid his awareness into the functionary's conscious thoughts.
I can't believe the riff-raff they send here. Every circus freak and misfit they can find. They send them here and treat them as though they were something special. Well, if that last one was a wizard like they said, he can use his magic to find out that he has a meeting with Herr Schreiber tomorrow morning at ten. He can use it to find the cafeteria schedule or he can starve. I can't believe they waste so much money in this place. They could fund another division with what they spend here.
The man's thoughts continued to churn. Evidently Merlin was interrupting a frequent internal tirade. The parts that didn't deal with Merlin directly had an oft repeated feel to them as though the man were thinking of his complaints in a rote fashion, allowing them to fester.
Merlin withdrew his thoughts from the man. He was a low level functionary, more of a secretary than anything else. He would have no idea of what was causing the unease Merlin felt.
He snaked his awareness further into the building, continuing to avoid the electricity that ran through parts of it. He was shocked to discover several warded areas that were strong enough to keep his thoughts out. 
I guess Gunter was telling the truth when he said they were happy with some of the people he brought here earlier. If they're researching magic, then someone here has actually been successful. They're basic wards, it's the first one I taught Nimue even, but they're well constructed and strong.
Merlin's attention was caught when his thread of awareness noted a strong source of magical power in the basement. It was stronger than anything he found since waking up. He willed his awareness towards it.
Could it be? That's dragon magic, I'm sure of it. I need to get closer.
As his senses closed on the magic source he recoiled in horror.
Dragon magic it is, but I've never heard of a dragon going insane before. Whichever one this power comes from is certainly mad though. 
Merlin shuddered.
Anyone who used that as a power source would be tainted by the madness present in it. I wonder if they know?
His disgust at the idea of an insane dragon snapped him out of the calm state needed to keep his awareness split. He sat, staring at the crystal on the windowsill.
So, a mad dragon. I wonder if that's causing my feeling of unease. It certainly could be. That dragon must have been here recently for the power to be so strong and fresh. I'll need to keep an eye out for it. That's not a creature I would wish to meet.
Merlin stood and recovered his crystal from the windowsill. He exited the building and, using simple non-magical skills, followed his nose to find the cafeteria. It wasn't meal time but a bit of banter with the workers gained him both a snack and the schedule of when meals were available. The cafeteria was yet another stone building, all by itself behind the main facility.
He spent the time until dinner in the cottage working on healing his hand. It retained its flexibility so far and, already, the damage looked as though it were several days old. When he went to the cafeteria for dinner he looked around for Gunter but couldn't find him. He did see the functionary he encountered earlier and, when he caught the man's eye, graced him with a smile and a nod. The man paled and got up from his table, hastily exiting the dining hall.
After a meal that was heavier than he was accustomed to he returned to the cottage. Once again he settled in to split his consciousness. With no sun to diffract, it was entirely a mental challenge. Without his rainbow trick it took him a few seconds longer to split off a portion of his awareness. 
As his mind explored the research facility again he saw that one of the wards he noted earlier was down. He moved his awareness into the area to see what the ward was protecting. 
The first thing Merlin noticed was why the ward was down. 
The idiots scribed it onto the walls and someone left a door open so the ward is deactivated, he thought.
 When the door closed again the ward would snap back up. As he examined it he realized that it was a near duplicate of his own wards in this style. He altered the ward slightly but not in any way they would notice. He simply keyed the ward to allow him to pass through it. It would take a highly skilled wizard to notice the difference. He doubted that there was one here other than himself, unless they lived behind one of the other wards.
The second thing Merlin noticed was the books. They lined the room on shelves attached to the walls. Several books were out on the table, covered with glass casings. These books looked ancient, easily as old as himself. He took a closer look at them and nearly lost his calm. The first two books under glass were his own journals from just before he went to sleep. He remembered putting instructions for the wards they used in this building in his journals. They might even have been done from rote and not needed a trained wizard to set them.
His attention traveled down the line of books under glass.
That's Nimue's writing. I'd know it anywhere, he thought.
He took a closer look at the journal in question.
'Merlin has been gone a year now. He is still there, I can see him, but for all intents and purposes he is gone. I've been continuing my studies from his journals. It's more difficult to learn that way but is still possible.'
Merlin's calm snapped. He found himself entirely within his own body, staring out the window at the night sky.
I never thought of how it might be like for Nimue with me gone. She sounded lonely in that entry and that was only after a year. I wonder how long she stayed at my cottage, waiting for me.
Merlin was unable to calm himself enough to send his mind back to the book room again that evening. He comforted himself with the thought that he could now enter it at any time despite their attempt to keep its contents a secret.
Chapter 5
When the sun rose, Merlin woke to its first rays. He knew there were two hours to pass until food would be available in the cafeteria. After breakfast he'd have several more hours before his appointment with Herr Schreiber. He planned his morning accordingly.
The time until breakfast he spent working on his wounded hand. His sorrow over Nimue provided the energies for that. He preferred to work with positive emotions but this was available and using it would help him work through the distraction it caused so he could go back and read more of her journals.
He arrived at the cafeteria slightly before they opened, bantering with the staff again as he waited for them to serve breakfast. Once they opened he acquired a plate of food and sat down to eat. At this time of the morning there were few people here but he imagined there would be more in another hour or so.
He finished eating and returned to his cottage. Setting a crystal on the windowsill, he split his thoughts. He quickly sent his awareness back to the room with the books. The ward was active now but it recognized him and let his awareness pass.
There were two men in the room, painstakingly copying the entries from the journals into new texts. One was working on Merlin's own journals and the second on Nimue's.
Merlin glanced at the transcription of his own journals. It was in a language he couldn't read, although he had a sneaking suspicion that it was simply the written version of the one he'd been speaking the last few days.
I wonder if I can still juggle two spells at a time, he thought.
He sent his thread of awareness into the man transcribing his journals. He found the written language being used and, at the cost of draining one of his crystals, copied it to his own mind. The splitting headache that followed was insufficient to break his calm, although it was a near thing. He looked back at the transcribed section.
So that's how they found me. I wrote the location of my cottage in my journal. I'm amazed there were enough landmarks remaining to find it, but they did. Or at least my cave, I didn't see the cottage at all.
He moved over to look at the transcription of Nimue's journal.
'I wish Merlin were here. I've heard rumors that the remaining knights of Camelot are out hunting the dragons. Their new God has declared the dragons to be agents of His enemy. At least, the priests in Camelot have told the knights that. So now the knights are off to cleanse the world of their God's enemy. In the process they will strip the land of much of its natural magic. I'm sure Merlin could go back to Camelot and set them straight if he were here. I'd go but from what I've heard women are less than nothing there now.'
“Can you believe this tripe about dragons and Camelot?” the scribe working on Nimue's journal asked.
“How can you not believe it? With some of the things that go on around here that we've seen. Like that ward they had us put on the room. Remember the reason we're working by lamplight? The ward cuts off electricity when it tries to pass through it.”
“Okay, I'll admit some weird things happen around here.”
“Have you heard some of the stories from the airfield? They have a pilot that retrieves all the people they study here, some of the stories he's told are outrageous. But in most cases he has something to back it up. His latest story is that he had a man on board that blocked bullets from Spitfires, otherwise he'd be dead now. It sounds ludicrous but his plane was shot up from behind the wings all the way to the tail and there wasn't a single bullet hole from the fuel tanks to the cockpit.”
“Yeah, I've heard Johann's stories, you actually believe them?”
“Let me put it this way. I find it easier to believe that dragons and Camelot existed than to try to convince myself that the things I've seen and heard are all lies. Now get back to work. You know they want ten pages a day and this godforsaken runic writing system gives me a headache. The pages are brittle too and it's nearly impossible to turn them without destroying them. No-one's used these runes in a millennium and yet we've got twenty-five year old books written in them. Those will be interesting to translate when we get to them.”
The two men bowed their heads back over the books. Merlin moved over to another journal that was still under glass. This one was also in Nimue's writing. An intricate drawing was inked on the opposing page. 
The illustration showed a dragon trying to take to the air with a woman beneath it. A band of mounted knights were firing strange bows, which they braced against their stomachs, at the dragon. Several arrows were shown already in the beast and blood, depicted as stylized teardrops, rained down upon the woman as she looked upwards at the dragon.
The writing on the opposing page drew Merlin's attention.
'The dragon I have been tending has agreed to try to take to the skies and awake Merlin. Every dragon that has attempted flight in the past year has been taken before it could get to this area. Our hope is that one taking off right here will make it into the sky and satisfy Merlin's conditions.'
A smear of something stained the page where the next entry was. The ink was atop the smear and still legible. A faint hint of magic radiated from the stained page as Merlin read.
'The knights were waiting. A priest with them exhorted them to slay the demon and send it back to Hell. They used a strange form of mechanical bow which strikes faster and harder than normal bows. The dragon had no chance. As soon as it cleared the trees the arrows flew. He was slain in the air above me, his blood raining down upon my face. My mouth still burns from the taste of it. The knights turned and left without saying a word to me.
I know of no other way to awaken Merlin now. I won't ask another dragon to risk itself in the attempt. How the knights know of Merlin's condition I do not know but it seems that they do. They only strike down dragons in the air if they are near this area. Elsewhere they only attack when the dragon is on the ground. Word has spread that there is sanctuary for the dragons to the north and east. I shall send any I see in that direction.'
Merlin drew his awareness back to his body. There was only a short time before his scheduled meeting. He intended to be on time despite his lack of notification.
* * *
Merlin knocked at the wooden door in front of him. A voice barked out.
“Enter”
He passed through the door and found a man sitting at a desk.
“What can I do for you?” the man asked.
“I am supposed to have an appointment with Herr Schreiber at ten.”
“You should have been escorted here. This section of the castle is off-limits.”
“No-one stopped me on my way here.”
“Well, wait here and I'll get a guard to escort you out.”
“I have an appointment,” Merlin said.
“You are impertinent.”
Merlin grabbed the man's hand as it reached for the bell pull. He stared at the man's eyes, moving a thread of awareness into his brain. Like the other functionary, this one's mind was festering. If things were not done exactly as they were supposed to be done, he would get people to repeat them until they were done precisely right.
Merlin shook his head.
What is wrong with these people? It seems everyone here is disturbed in the mind, he thought.
He used his thread of awareness in the man's mind to break several links to the compulsive behavior the man exhibited. The man blinked several times and his eyes changed, softening. 
“I'm sorry. You said you have an appointment. I'll let Herr Schreiber know you're here and then I'll get a guard to escort you back out after your meeting.”
“Thank you, that would be appreciated.”
The man knocked on a door centered in the wall behind his desk.
“Herr Schreiber, your ten o'clock appointment is here.”
“Send him in please.”
The man opened the door and gestured Merlin through. 
Merlin walked into a richly appointed office. The stone of the floor was hidden beneath soft carpets. The furniture in the room was made of dark hardwoods. The man behind the desk was not in keeping with the furnishings.
“Herr Schreiber I presume?” Merlin asked.
“You must be Merlin. You look young to be the man we reportedly found. He was described as a graybeard. You look to be only in your mid to late thirties.”
“I find that being awake again has invigorated me. My appearance reflects that.”
“Well, we shall see. I have some questions for you to establish your identity and skills.”
“Ask away.”
“The squad leader told me that you knew of the circumstances leading to your rather long–”
Herr Schreiber interrupted himself to laugh unpleasantly. His pale, thin body turned the laugh into a racking cough. Once he was done coughing, he continued.
“ –nap. Shall we say? Now beyond that. We know that there are two sources of magic. Please relate them to me to verify your credentials.”
“Two? There are three, or at least there were when I went to sleep. Death magic is one. Life magic, which is that based on strong emotions, is the second. Dragon magic is the third.”
“We are unable to verify any instance of dragon magic or dragons so we are discounting that one.”
Merlin knew that there was a source of dragon magic far below the room in which they currently sat. 
More dissension, have they not told him for some other reason, or is he lying to me? They already know magic exists. I assume he's lying to me and knows of dragons. Now what reason do they have? They must know that I am aware dragons exist. I suppose I can play along though, he thought.
“Then death magic and life magic. The magics released on the death of a living creature and the magics generated by the feeling of strong emotions,” Merlin said.
“Correct. How can these magics be stored?”
“I store mine in crystals. I imagine there are other ways to do it but I've never investigated any. Crystals work for me so I use them.”
“There are other ways we know of but crystals are in the top three for efficiency of storage.”
“What other ways?”
“We have constructed batteries that will store magic. Depending on what materials they are made of they can be better than crystals. In a person is the other way, no loss there unless the person uses it.”
“But storing too much energy in a person can be dangerous, to both them and others,” Merlin said.
“So it may be, but it's still more efficient than a crystal. I admit that for long term storage and accumulation the crystals are the best choice. But the batteries will hold more of it for a shorter term, as can a person.”
“May I ask some questions myself?”
“Go ahead.”
“I have no idea why I'm here except Gunter said you might want to study my magic and possibly have me teach it to some others. Beyond that, I know nothing of why I'm here.”
“We're still trying to determine where you will be most useful.”
“My other question was in regards to the physical. What you see is what I have. The clothing I'm wearing, plus the crystals in my pockets. I have nothing else. Would it be possible to get some alternate clothing and maybe a brush or comb or something?”
“Oh yes, we can do that for you. I'll give you a chit for a standard issue soldier's kit. On your way out you can ask my secretary to tell you where to take it. Is there anything else?”
“No, thank you. I appreciate that.”
Merlin noticed that the man kept glancing under his desk. He sent out a thread of his awareness to see why. Underneath the desk was a small machine of some sort with a needle. As he watched, the needle swung all the way to the right.
“Tell me what magic you are doing right now,” Herr Schreiber snapped.
“A simple sense extension. I saw you glance under your desk repeatedly and wanted to know why, so I sent my Sight out. There's a small machine there with a needle. As I watched, it swung all the way to the right.”
“Then you're a curious one?”
“One can never learn more if one is not curious.”
“Understandable. Don't make a habit of it though, there are others who would take great offense at what you just did. That needle swinging to the right told me that you were capable of magic, it reacted to the magic you used. Until then I didn't know if you were a wizard or not.”
“Oh, do you get many people claiming to be one that aren't?”
“Less each year as those who do never return to where they came from.”
Merlin stayed silent. He didn't know if that was a threat or a simple statement of fact. Perhaps they imprisoned the frauds but he feared that they simply killed them out of hand. It would not be out of character for what he had observed at the facility so far.
“Here is your chit. I know you've been quartered in the cottage so when I have need of you, when we've determined what you will be doing, I'll send for you.”
Merlin stood and took the chit.
“Thank you.”
“Dismissed. See the secretary on your way out.”
Merlin was relieved when the door closed behind him. It seemed that everyone in this building was disturbed in one way or another. Herr Schreiber was no exception, he was detached and emotionless. The only emotions Merlin detected as they spoke were when Herr Schreiber laughed and then when he demanded Merlin tell him what magic he used.
The secretary had an escort waiting for Merlin. He also gave him directions to where he could exchange the chit for a basic kit. The waiting soldier escorted Merlin out of the restricted area and left him to find his own way after that. He wandered a bit before finding the correct location. When he gave over the chit he expected to simply be handed a pile of items. Instead, he found himself measured, weighed, and asked what his duties were.
When the man behind the counter found that Merlin was brought in to teach he opened up and got downright chatty. Merlin discovered that he was supposed to be paid as well and where to find the paymaster. When he finally left he carried a bag of gear. He was sure it was more than what he was supposed to have received but when the man found out he was quartered in a small cottage with no electricity several more items were added to the pile. 
Merlin went to the cottage and dropped off his gear. If he rushed, he would still have time to get lunch. When he finally returned and unpacked his gear after eating, he found that he was well set up. 
The cottage was much more comfortable with the added items. The new clothes waiting for him made him decide it was time to get clean and get the clothes on. A bucket of water was sufficient for him to scrub down and once he was in clean clothes he felt much better.
Merlin settled in, more comfortably now, and sent his awareness out. Once again he returned to the book room. He wanted to view as much of Nimue's journals as he could. He felt the need to discover what happened to her.
He moved his awareness to the journal he examined earlier. A tiny mental effort gently turned the pages until he reached the end of the journal.
'The dragons are gone. I've neither seen nor heard of one in more than a year now. Rumor says that the sanctuary to the north and east was actually a trap, laid by one of the dragons themselves. It says that the dragons have been captured and pent up.
I wish Merlin were truly here; he would know what to do. He stays unchanging in his slumber and is no more comfort than a statue. Already the magic in the land is draining away. In less than a year I've heard others noticing the difference. People who don't even use magic have noticed. What will things be like in a decade?'
Merlin withdrew his awareness and returned it to his body. 
What happened to the dragons so long ago? Who trapped them and for what reason? I wonder if it's just coincidence that they brought me to the north and east of my old cottage?
Questions plagued him as he tried to sleep. But he eventually stilled his mind enough to pass into a restless slumber.

Chapter 6
The next two days passed quickly for Merlin. He spent time working on his hand and trying to determine whatever he could about the traces of dragon magic in the basement. There was a single ward down there that was created in a style he was unfamiliar with. He could get no sense of whatever was behind it and the ward itself remained unnoticed until he tracked the traces of dragon magic as they passed through it.
On the afternoon of the following day, Merlin went to find the paymaster. The man who issued his gear also told him when and where payment was disbursed. He didn't know if he'd be on the payroll or not but was determined to get there if he wasn't. It was less that he felt a need for whatever they used for money now as it was curiosity about it.
Merlin found a line of soldiers leading out the door that belonged to the paymaster.
Well, some things never change. The common soldiers of Arthur's time were just as eager for their compensation. I'll admit that these men are more orderly about it though. 
He glanced around, trying to determine how long this would take.
Is that Gunter approaching? I suppose he might draw his pay here if they kept him longer than he thought they would.
“Merlin, it's good to see you once more,” Gunter said, “I didn't think I'd run into you again before I left. Are they treating you well?”
“So far they're mostly leaving me alone. I think that, despite your superiors determining where I would be going, they still don't know quite what to do with me.”
A flash of discomfort crossed Gunter's face.
“Sometimes being left alone is the best thing that can happen,” Gunter said. 
“Well, I'm going to see if they've put me on their payroll. I wasn't doing much else and some walking and limited exercise is probably a good thing for me right now.”
“If they haven't gotten you on it, we'll get them straightened out right away, I promise.”
The wait was short. Gunter and Merlin spent the time chatting. Once Merlin made it to the paymaster, he gave his name and was told that he wasn't listed. Gunter broke in.
“Check again. His name should be in the OSP file though.”
Gunter turned to Merlin.
“Next time just tell them you're part of the Occult Services Program, they'll know it as OSP, and they'll find you more quickly.”
The paymaster rummaged through a different, smaller, chest of documents.
“Oh, here you are.”
The paymaster counted out a small stack of paper slips and a handful of silver coins into Merlin's hands. Merlin signed his name, in the old runic script, and turned to leave.
“Wait a moment,” Gunter said. 
He quickly claimed his own pay and he and Merlin left together.
“I'm technically on leave right now but I'm staying here until they have transportation back to my troops for me. Did they say anything about you having off-compound access?”
“I don't believe they said anything to me about that, either way.”
“Then would you care to come out of the compound with me? I'm going to the local village. They have a bar with some of the best beer I've tasted. Plus the barmaids are very friendly there.”
“That's a better offer than any I've yet received since I was awakened.”
“I'll be leaving in about fifteen minutes, do you need anything before we go?”
“No, I'll be fine with what I have. I recognize these coins as a currency but what are the slips of paper? The writing on them says they're also currency but what value do they have?”
The two walked towards Gunter's quarters as he explained the concept of paper money to Merlin.
“So, I could exchange these pieces of paper for many more pieces of silver? Do I understand that correctly?”
“Yes, but you can also use the paper money most places you could use the silver and the paper is much easier to carry.”
Merlin shook his head. He understood the concept but could not convince himself that the slip of paper he was looking at was worth twenty silver coins. He decided the idea was similar to the 'letters of credit' merchants used in his earlier life, but implemented on a more widespread scale.
“If you'll wait out here, I'll return in just a few minutes,” Gunter said.
Merlin pondered as he waited for Gunter's return.
Beer, I wonder how that's changed over time. Perhaps sitting back and sipping a few beers will be something to anchor my two times together. I don't imagine beer can have changed that much. 
The friendly barmaids might be nice but I was with Nimue only a short time ago, to me at least. She'll be dead by now though. Even the extended lives of wizards don't last for thirteen hundred years. But she still lives in my mind.
Merlin's musings were cut short by Gunter coming back out.
“Shall we go then?” Gunter asked.
“Yes.”
“The town's only a couple of kilometers away so I thought we'd walk. I'm unused to sitting around and not doing much so I need the exercise.”
“I agree, a bit of exercise would be most welcome. Especially in good company,” Merlin said.
The walk passed quickly for Merlin. Their conversation was now based entirely on living in the present time and not on the military. Pointed questions revealed more to him about the current world than he had learned in the last several days. Gunter doggedly refused to speak of the military or of what caused the flash of discomfort Merlin noticed earlier.
They reached the bar and entered. It was still early so they had their choice of tables. They claimed one and a buxom barmaid came to take their orders. Once the barmaid left Merlin turned to Gunter.
“Friendly barmaids? She was nearly brusque.”
“Perhaps I should have been more clear. Friendly in the sense that if you are willing to part with a few Reichsmarks then they are willing to go to one of the rooms upstairs and spend some time with you intimately. Although that barmaid is new, or at least I've not seen her here before.”
“Ah, you mean that you can pay them to have se–” 
“Stop. Don't let them hear you say that or you'll be out on your ear. What you were about to say they do is very much frowned upon. They are simply promiscuous women who are glad for a tumble. Should you want to reimburse them for their time, they're happy to accept.”
“I'm not sure why there would be a stigma attached to such things but if that's how it is, I shall abide by it,” Merlin said.
Perhaps it wouldn't be a bad idea. A bit of no strings attached sex always perks me up, both in attitude and in energy levels. I could use that right now, he thought.
Gunter leaned over to Merlin and spoke in a whisper.
“I see your eyes on this barmaid. I must warn you. They've actually kept me here because I reported that you and I got along well. My superiors suggested I bring you here tonight. They're looking for some means to control you. With a new barmaid serving us, I have my suspicions.”
Merlin nodded and replied in a soft voice.
“My thanks again then. You could be in trouble for informing me, no?”
Gunter nodded as he spoke in a normal volume, his eyes flickering towards the barmaid who hovered within earshot.
“Honestly, if you're interested simply ask her if she'd like to spend some time upstairs.”
Merlin understood the multiple messages Gunter conveyed. When the barmaid delivered their drinks Merlin stopped her.
“Miss, I was wondering if you might like to spend some time upstairs?”
“Please, call me Anelie. Give me a few minutes to get another server here and I'd be pleased to do so,” she replied.
Anelie departed into the kitchen area and in the few moments she was gone, Merlin spoke to Gunter.
“Better the evil you know, and can keep an eye on, than the one that you don't even suspect and cannot beware of.”
“Many of the tales about you claimed that you were a wise man. Until now I didn't realize that extended beyond folk wisdom,” Gunter replied.
Anelie left the kitchen and approached their table.
“When you're the wizard of a powerful king and suspected by all of whatever unexplained ills occur, you learn to watch others as closely as you watch your own words and actions,” Merlin said softly.
Anelie held a hand out to Merlin, who accepted it gratefully. He stood and the two of them headed for the stairs.
“Enjoy yourself Merlin. Take what pleasure you may while you can,” Gunter said.
* * *
Merlin sat on the edge of the bed, watching intently as Anelie slipped off her clothes.
“You'll forgive me if I watch you, I hope. It's been a very long time since I've seen a naked woman. Yet at the same time it seems to me as though it were only last week.”
“That's quite alright. I find it flattering that I can hold your whole attention simply by undressing.”
“I was unsure how well my body would function after thirteen hundred years. I can now say that its reactions seem unimpeded by the passage of time,” Merlin said.
“Then come to me. You can show me.”
Merlin's spirits sank. As Gunter intimated, Anelie was not truly a barmaid. Whether she was a member of the military or some other sort of agent didn't matter. He tugged gently on his beard.
If she weren't informed about me she would at least have shaken her head, or more likely reacted as though I were a madman, at my mention of the amount of time passed. She's been placed here for some reason regarding me. Perhaps she's the hook they intend to use, he thought.
Merlin went to her as requested.
* * *
Gunter was waiting at the table when Merlin returned downstairs. Although Merlin was slightly perked up, both in attitude and energy levels, he hadn't gotten as much out of it as he normally would since he knew that his partner was there with an ulterior motive.
“Gunter, you were correct. I must thank you for letting me know,” Merlin said
As Anelie moved out of earshot, he continued in a softer voice.
“You were correct in your guess. At least there's no other reason I can think of that she would ignore my saying thirteen hundred years had passed since my last sexual encounter.”
Gunter nodded.
“I feared as much. Let's not talk about this any more for now.”
“A wise suggestion, perhaps on the walk home when it would be more difficult for anyone to listen to us.”
Merlin ordered himself another beer. A different, and far more friendly, barmaid filled his order.
He took a deep drink and ended up coughing.
“I thought that beer might not have changed so much. Evidently I was wrong. There are noticeably more bubbles in this than I remember beer having. Although the actual taste is quite good.”
“They do serve a very good beer here.”
Merlin quickly finished his drink and called for another. He kept watch and Anelie seemed to always be visible somewhere but not doing any work. She noticed him watching and smiled what was intended to be a warm smile at him. 
Knowing what I do, that smile looks more like the one a hunter would give his prey as he stalked it than anything else, Merlin thought. 
After he and Gunter each put away another two beers, they left the bar. Once they were out of earshot, Merlin spoke.
“Gunter, why so morose?”
“That bar is supposed to be a relaxation spot for the military. By placing someone there to go after you, my superiors have violated an unwritten agreement. All that's beside the fact that they're obviously trying to find something that will give them control over you. That isn't the way we Germans should do things.”
“It matters little to me. The woman was not one I would be enamored with, even if I didn't know she was only pretending.”
“That isn't the point. Things are being done in the German army that simply shouldn't be done. Do you remember when I said that I didn't want live in submission to those who live a life of strife?”
Merlin nodded.
“Well, I also don't want to be, or have my country be, the one who lives a life of strife while forcing others to submit. It seems that my country is leaning that way, or at least those in charge of it are.”
“I don't have an answer for you there but I do have a question. Is there anything you can do about it?”
“Not on a large scale, but on a small scale, yes. Such as warning you.”
“Then since you're doing everything you can about it I would suggest that you don't allow it to affect you. Well, at least not visibly. Most of the officers in your military appear to be the type that would cause problems for you if they knew your thoughts.”
“I understand that but... it's difficult. I've always respected the military, joining it was what I always wanted. Now I find that there's a canker at its center. Did you know that they tossed Johann in jail, simply for talking about his missions? Not the more secret ones, just the ones where he landed in broad daylight at the airfield. Like when he brought us here.”
“No, I hadn't known that. I'm sorry if I was part of the cause. If there's something I can do, for either Johann or yourself, please let me know. Aside from advice I don't know what else I can do right now. I'm still getting used to things myself.”
“Speaking of that, you said that they were leaving you alone. From what I've been told, they're trying to allow you some time to adjust. I don't think they'll give you much longer though. The rest of what I've heard says that they'll ask you to teach a handful of students and possibly work with some artifacts they believe to be magical.”
“Those are things I can do. I might even find that I enjoy teaching, I have in the past.”
“Some of the men they want you to teach are unpleasant, downright cruel in several cases. I brought most of them here and can tell you that some have a rudimentary grasp of their powers. They were using them to blackmail those in their home villages. A couple are from the army itself and I've heard rumors about some of the things they did to their units as well. Don't let your guard down around your students.”
“Some things never change. I've dealt with their types in the past. I'll heed your warning but I'll need to ask what I can do to discipline these students if necessary.”
“There are a few that are good people. At least they were when I brought them here. Who knows what they're like now after being quartered with the others for months.”
“If they were good, they will still be good. I'll support those as I can. I'll also repeat myself: if there is anything I can do to make things easier for you, let me know. I'll be glad to help. I am very much in your debt.”
“No Merlin, you aren't. You've helped me see some of the things that I'd intentionally blinded myself to before. I'd say we're already even.”
They arrived at the gates of the compound and, once inside, bid each other good night. Merlin returned to his cottage and spent several hours in deep thought before falling asleep.

Chapter 7
Merlin woke to a knock on his door. 
“Yes? What? Oh, come in.”
The door opened to admit a soldier.
“Your presence is required by Herr Schreiber.”
“What time is it? Oh, never mind. Give me a moment to dress and make myself presentable.”
A short while later Merlin followed the soldier to Herr Schreiber's office. The solider rapped on the door.
“Merlin is here as requested sir.”
“Send him in.”
The soldier held the door open as Merlin passed through. Herr Schreiber's face was even paler than it was several days earlier. As the soldier closed the door, Herr Schreiber was caught by a fit of coughing.
After their last meeting Merlin spent some time carefully thinking over his situation. He decided that he needed to know what game was being played here. His best guess was that cooperative, respectful behavior would yield the quickest results. When Herr Schreiber's coughing fit was over, Merlin spoke.
“Sir, you requested to see me?”
“Yes, yes, we have some duties for you to take up.”
“I would be grateful to take on some duties sir. I'm not used to simply sitting around with little to do.”
“Well, we wanted to give you a while to adjust but time is now of the essence and we need to get some of our plans underway. You seem to be the best person to help implement those plans.”
“Thank you sir, what duties will I be assigned?”
“We have seven men who we believe are capable of becoming wizards. We would like you to teach them what you can. Gunter told us that you can give them a solid grounding in the basics and perhaps show them how to further their powers on their own. Is that correct?”
“I can teach them the basics. I can also give suggestions for how to further their powers but I cannot guarantee that my suggestions will work. The methods to do so are different for nearly every individual.”
“Good, we'll introduce you to the students later on today then. The second duty is nearly as important. We have a number of artifacts that register on the detector you saw the last time you were here. We need to know more about them and what they do. We're hoping you can help us with that.”
“It's possible. I'll need to spend some time with each item individually though.”
“That can be arranged. Now we have one problem as well.”
“A problem sir?”
“Evidently you made an unauthorized trip out of the compound last night.”
“I wasn't informed that I needed to stay in the compound sir.”
“It's alright. I know that it wasn't your own idea.”
Is Gunter going to be punished for bringing me along as they ordered him to? I hope not, Merlin thought.
“Gunter asked me if I was restricted to the compound before inviting me sir.”
“He did say that and he isn't in any trouble over it. It would be a problem were you to continue such jaunts though. I understand you hit it off rather well with one of the barmaids there?”
He looked at a sheet of paper.
“Anelie, I believe her name is? If you like, we can arrange for her to receive a stipend and live here with you. We believe in keeping our top assets happy and, from the reports we've been given, you're going to be our top asset in anything regarding the occult.”
“Respectfully sir, she isn't quite my type. While she is attractive, my actions were more along the order of testing certain bodily functions after my long sleep.”
Herr Schreiber's face twitched.
“She isn't, is she? Well then Merlin, what exactly is your type?”
“I would guess Anelie is in her mid-twenties. I prefer my women older and more mature, perhaps a decade older than her. The more intelligent the woman the better. While I am by no means immune to beauty, it isn't important to me. So long as a woman is mature, intelligent, and actually wants to spend her time with me, I tend to be happy.”
“You don't ask much, do you?”
“Sorry sir, you asked. I answered truthfully.”
Herr Schreiber began to cough again, doubling over. He straightened up again once he finished.
“Sir, I can perhaps help with your cough if you would like.”
“The doctors tell me there is nothing to be done about it.”
“I am not a doctor, I am a healer. I find there is a great difference between the two.”
“Well then, let's call this another test. I read Gunter's report on your efforts at the aid station and you seemed successful there.”
“May I approach you and place my hand on your chest? That seems to be where the cough is originating.”
Herr Schreiber leaned back in his chair.
“You may.”
Merlin placed his hand on Herr Schreiber's chest. A thread of his mind entered and searched for the cause of the cough. He found it immediately and withdrew his hand.
“Sir, your lungs have scarring in them similar to a burn. They aren't from a burn, just something similar to one.”
“Very good Merlin, you are correct. There is nothing to be done for it. The scars were inflicted by a gas that sears internal tissue. There was an unfortunate accident when I was leading a research team that was working on the gas.”
“That isn't true sir, that nothing can be done. If you don't mind a bit of extra coughing that will clear the remnants of the scar tissue, I can do something about it. I may not be able to restore your lungs to their original state but I can certainly improve them from their current condition.”
Herr Schreiber's face showed the first true interest Merlin had seen on it.
“You can improve my condition? Don't lie to me now, you'll be sorry if you do.”
“I believe that I can improve it. I've worked with similar issues from internal burn scars.”
“What do you need to do?”
“Have us uninterrupted here for perhaps half an hour. I'll need to enter a trance state, similar to meditation. You will simply need to sit still. There may be some discomfort but less than it appears you feel during a fit of coughing. I need to remain undisturbed as I work though so you'll need to keep still regardless of any discomfort.”
“Can you do it now? With each and every breath I feel flames burning my throat and lungs and it's been getting worse recently.”
“Yes sir, I can. Would you care to inform your secretary not to disturb us until you tell him otherwise?”
His answer was to rise and walk to the door. A quick, muffled conversation followed and when Herr Schreiber shut the door, he set the deadbolt on it as well. He sat back down in his chair and gestured to Merlin.
“Please, do what you can. I'll stay still. I'm certain that whatever you do will not be worse than the things I've already experienced.”
Merlin brought another chair over and sat next to Herr Schreiber. As his hand returned to the skin of the man's chest Merlin split off as much of his awareness as he could manage. 
The scar tissue in the lungs was hard and rough. Merlin worked through it, loosening it. As the damaged tissue loosened it began to flake away. Once an entire section was removed, he could sense the new tissue under it, tender and soft. He encouraged the circulation to the exposed area and began to work on the next section. Over and over he repeated his actions until he was too drained to continue.
Merlin sagged in his chair when his full awareness returned to his body. 
I feel as though I've just done an entire week's chores in under an hour, he thought.
“You can move now. I'm done for the moment, I've no energy left.”
Herr Schreiber took a deep breath. The expectant look on his face dissolved into an actual smile when no cough materialized.
“Merlin, I've no words. Wait, yes I do. There are many an intelligent and handsome widow in this country due to the war. I shall find you women of your type until there is one that you will accept.”
“That isn't necessary sir.”
“No it isn't, nor was your healing of me necessary. All you needed to do was say nothing and I would've been none the wiser. I'm simply returning the favor since I despise being in debt.”
“Then thank you sir. May I be dismissed? I need to eat and sleep if I'm to regain my energy.”
“Yes you may. I'll postpone your meeting with the students until after dinner to give you some time to recharge.”
“I had one question regarding that. If discipline is necessary, what should I do? Do you want me to call the guards, handle it myself, or what?”
“I see you've heard about some of your prospective students. If you can handle disciplining them without killing them, then do so. Otherwise call the guards.”
“Thank you for clarifying that sir, may I leave now?”
“Dismissed Merlin, and thank you.”
* * *
Merlin spent the remainder of the morning and afternoon resting. When he woke from his afternoon nap he examined his burned hand. The skin was pink and tender. Because of his stretches the fingers were still flexible. A day or two more and it should be back to normal.
The rest wasn't enough to fully restore him but now he only felt as though he'd done hard labor for a day as opposed to a week. When he finished his dinner a soldier approached him.
“Sir, I'm to escort you to your class. Herr Schreiber has myself and one other guard stationed outside the room in case you need us.”
“Thank you. Give me a minute to finish here and you can show me where it is.”
Merlin followed the soldier through the labyrinthine passages of the castle. As they started to walk down a hallway, he could feel the strength of the ward on the door at the far end.
“This is the area, isn't it?”
“Yes sir, the door at the far end.”
Merlin glanced down the hall and noticed a soldier standing guard at the door. 
“Is that the other guard?”
“Yes sir.”
“Good, I have no idea how this meeting will go. I've never met any of my students but I've been told that some of them are a handful.”
“I wouldn't know sir.”
“Then I'll just say that it comforts me having the two of you out here.”
The solider took up a position across the hall from the guard already on station. Merlin took a deep breath and opened the door.
He entered the room as confidently as he could. His quick glance took in seven men. Two of them were in uniform while the other five were not. He could tell instantly which ones were the troublemakers. The two men in uniform and two of the others turned their eyes to the door, their gazes demonstrating their hostility in unison. The other three were together in a back corner of the room and, after a quick glance when the door opened, turned their eyes back to whatever they were doing.
“Good evening. I'm to teach you men what I can about using magic. Do any of you have a grasp of how to use it intentionally?”
One of the three men in the back corner looked up and started to open his mouth but was cut off by a different student.
“Who do you think you are?” said one of the hostile men in uniform. 
“I'm the person they've decided can teach you what you need to know.”
“What do they know about it?” the man said.
Merlin was sure that at least one of his potential students would challenge him. Because of that he was holding a shield that he could strengthen at a moment's notice. When he noticed the speaker trying to make eye contact, he strengthened his shield. 
Whatever the man expected to happen didn't and Merlin could see the shock on his face. He tugged gently on his beard before speaking.
“I wouldn't try that again if I were you.”
“Try what?” the man asked.
“The spell you just tried to use on me. What you don't understand is that I'm a wizard myself and have been for centuries. You, as of yet, have no formal training. Whatever you try to do is not going to have the needed strength behind it to get through to me.”
“You lie. You're only in your thirties.”
“Have any of you noticed that you look younger than your true age? That's common for wizards. It's a side effect of the magic. You'll also have a lifespan much longer than anyone without magic, another side effect.”
“So you're telling us we're immortal?”
“No, simply that you'll age slower, and live a longer life, than anyone without magic. You can still be killed and time will still sneak up on you. It will just take longer.”
“So, you claim to be a wizard. Prove it.”
Merlin thought this demand might be made. Because of the man's belligerence he decided on a demonstration that was both flashy and potentially dangerous for anyone on the receiving end.
“I see that you've no electricity in here. Does it cause all the rest of you to feel drained as well? Lanterns are a good alternative for a lighting source though, don't you think?”
He raised the glass chimney from a lantern, reached his hand into the flames, and withdrew a ball of flame. He replaced the chimney as he raised his flaming hand over his head.
“That's nothing, just a flashy trick. I could show the idiot in my village how to do the same.”
“Yes, but could you show him how to do this?”
Merlin brought his hand down in front of his face. With a puff of his breath, he sent the ball of flame into the air. It slowly closed on the man who challenged him. When the flames were an arm length in front of the man's face, they stopped.
“So, do you need more proof? It would be easy enough for me to close the gap with my flames.”
The man stepped back and the flames followed, holding at a steady distance in front of him. His bluster disappeared and fear took over his face.
“No, no, I believe you now.”
The flames disappeared.
“Good, now as I was saying I'm suppose to teach you men how to use your magic.”
Merlin's mind was working rapidly. The only reactions to his flame, other than from their target, were from the three men together in the corner. The other three were unnaturally still right through the demonstration. As he continued to speak he detached a small thread of awareness and confirmed his suspicion that they were under some sort of control.
“So, I'll want all of you to line up and give me your names. Also tell me what, if anything, you can consciously do with your magic.”
He sent a pulse of power through his extended awareness, breaking the compulsion on first one, then the second and third of the men who were under control. 
“Come on now, line up out here.”
The three men he released from the spell controlling them looked around and, in unison, started for the man who had challenged Merlin. 
“Not now men, you've been given an order. Besides, I'd have to protect him if you attacked,” Merlin said.
They ignored him. Merlin created a soft-surfaced air shield around their target, just enough to stop any punches headed his way. They tried to beat the man but found their blows slowing and stopping a finger width away from his skin.
Merlin raised his voice and tried to put the same type of command in it that Gunter used with his troops.
“I'll say it once more before having to resort to other alternatives. Line up here, right now.”
The three men from the corner moved out into the room and assembled roughly where Merlin ordered. The others continued to ignore him.
Merlin gestured and the flames from the lamp he used earlier came roaring up, swirling out the top of the lamp's chimney and cascading down. They danced along the floor until they were adjacent to the recalcitrant students.
“Look down!” Merlin snapped.
As they did so, the flames formed a line behind them and began to advance. The only choices were to move towards the line Merlin wanted them in or have the flames run into them. Three of the four moved rapidly, the fourth jumped to the line once his pant leg caught fire. He beat the flames out and then glared at Merlin.
“Now, names please,” Merlin said.
He pointed at each man in turn, working his way down the line. When they finished, he turned to look at all of them.
“I'll try to remember those but I may need some prompting. My name is Merlin and I'll be teaching you.”
The troublemaker from earlier looked as though he were about to make a flippant comment. His glance went to the lantern and then back to Merlin. After a visible struggle to control himself, he remained silent.
“Now I think, due to what I saw when I came in, I'll be teaching you all some basic mental shields this evening...”

Chapter 8
Merlin awoke the next morning feeling refreshed. Mentally he was better than any other day since his awakening. Physically, his hand was almost healed and nothing else troubled him. He reviewed what he knew about his students. 
Horst is trouble, Merlin thought, he had three of them under some sort of mental control so I guess he has conscious control of his magic and some measure of skill. Conrad, Manfred, and Karl don't have nearly as much skill as Horst but they have enough that they were trouble previously, even if Horst did manage to control them. I'll need to increase their skill level and control. 
He jotted some notes on a sheet of paper.
Anselm, Dieter, and Ernst are willing to learn. I was surprised to find that they were studying a transcription of parts of my journal. Since they already knew mental shields from their own reading, Horst couldn't take their minds over. They have conscious control of their magic but fear using it for anything but defense. I think if I can teach them some skills and get them to practice, they'll do well.
I'll either need to point out parts of my journal for transcription or write out the procedures I want these men to learn. I suppose writing it out is best. No-one knows that I'm aware all my journals are here, as opposed to just the transcriptions. I'd like to keep it that way, keep a degree of what I can do secret, just in case.
I think I need to check on Herr Schreiber. I can probably clear a little more of his lungs each day without tiring myself. I'll do it from here so he isn't aware of it though, he thought.
Merlin settled into the prism created by setting a crystal in the sun. He split off a bit of his awareness and snaked it into Herr Schreiber's office.
Let's see how he's doing first, Merlin thought.
The man's lungs were better than they were, his circulation improving. Merlin continued to check his health but when he got to the man's head he stopped, startled at what he Saw.
There was a chain of magic woven into the man's thoughts. It appeared as a dark, roiling thread of cloud to Merlin's awareness. Herr Schreiber was, on some level, aware of this chain and fighting its restraint. He wasn't doing well with his struggles though. Merlin reached his thoughts out, to strengthen the man's resistance, but when he approached the chain he recoiled.
That's dragon magic. It's from the insane dragon who has traces all throughout the lower levels of this place. How can I help Herr Schreiber without letting the dragon know I've discovered its existence? I would prefer to avoid this creature if at all possible.
Merlin moved his awareness back to the lungs, clearing another small patch before withdrawing to his physical body.
He sat in the sunlight and considered how he might help Herr Schreiber without revealing his existence and location to the dragon.
I believe it was Dieter that said he used his powers to aid livestock in birthing. Perhaps I can show him how to heal at a distance. If I instruct and aid him in the healing then the dragon shouldn't detect my traces. I think it will be safe for Dieter since the dragon must know they have budding wizards here. Certainly it knows if it's been in Herr Schreiber's thoughts. If it has been there recently it may know of me already. I'll broach the subject with Dieter this evening and see if he wants to learn this skill.
Merlin stood and headed out for breakfast. Later this morning he was detailed to examine some of the artifacts and he wanted to be rested and well-fed before starting. A guard waited to lead him to the storage room after he finished eating.
The guard escorted him to the lower levels of the research building. Merlin could feel the traces of the mad dragon strengthen as he went lower. He reinforced his shields in an attempt to conceal his presence as he passed through.
In the room that held the artifacts, the dragon's traces were cut off. Someone had protected this room with a strong warding, strong enough to keep those traces out. Even so he was painfully aware that he was surrounded by the dragon's magic, on a tiny stone island in a sea of madness.
He looked about at the array of objects held in cages on the walls. There was no rhyme nor reason to the items or where they were placed. All told there were perhaps fifty items in the room. Several of them he recognized immediately. Most of them were unrecognizable to him though. 
The several he recognized right off were all items to store magic, like his crystals. None of them were crystals though. There was a short staff whose wood appeared alive, even down to tiny leaf buds along its length. There was a human femur that throbbed with what he was sure was collected death magic. A small statue of a dragon hummed with power. The last of the storage items interested him the most. If he wasn't mistaken it was the scale of a dragon, a non-insane one from the feel of it.
He approached the scale and looked closely at it. It was half the size of his palm and in perfect condition. In the lamplight it appeared silver-blue in color. A sheet of paper rested in front of the scale.
The paper described the scale and listed it as being discovered in a place called Wales in 1928. It went on to give an even more specific location and the circumstances in which it was discovered.
Merlin reached out to touch the scale and could feel the magic in it respond to his touch. When he tried to draw the power into himself, it stopped before entering him. He glanced at the scale, puzzled. 
He went to the staff and tried the same procedure, once again the power wouldn't transfer. Its paper showed that it was found near something called Stonehenge, in a country called Britain.
 He tried the dragon next with the same results. Its paper said it was purchased in an antique shop in Germany.
He went to the bone last. Afraid that this one might transfer its power, he touched it gently. But its power was also locked away. With that thought, he looked at the items with his Sight and not his eyes. Each of them had a tiny, delicate, ward surrounding it. He was unfamiliar with the ward itself but was sure that it was responsible for restricting the flow of power. He'd need to examine these items in more depth and then he might be able to key the wards to work for him, or remove them entirely.
He preferred the idea of keying them. From what he could see, the wards also prevented the slow drain of magic from the items it was placed on. If he could learn the technique himself, he wouldn't lose the dribbles of power that seeped from his crystals each day. It wasn't a lot, but over time it added up. It appeared that these items had been holding large quantities of power for years without any loss.
Merlin spent a while examining some of the other objects as well but the knowledge of the tainted magic surrounding the room left him uneasy and unable to fully concentrate on the items.
“I'm done here for now. Would it be possible to get you to deliver a note to Herr Schreiber once we're above ground again?”
“I can do that for you, I was told to be at your disposal.”
“Then let's get out in the sun once more and I'll write a short note for you to deliver.”
The guard turned and left the room. Merlin strengthened his shields again before following after him.
Once they were outside Merlin led the guard to his cottage. A few minutes later he handed the man a quickly written note.
'Herr Schreiber:
I have done a preliminary examination of the items in the room. I regret that I will be unable to work for extended periods of time in that basement since much of my power currently comes from the sun through a form of life magic. If it would be possible to examine the items in my cottage instead of the basement, I could devote much of the time I have to doing so.
Merlin.'
“Please deliver this to Herr Schreiber and wait for a reply?”
“Yes sir.”
Merlin sank into a chair as the guard left.
If I can key those wards, I can get my energy back up to where I'm used to having it. The energy from just one of them would do it. Energy accumulates so slowly for me now and I've been using it as fast as I obtain it.
Merlin was still sitting in the chair when the guard returned.
“Herr Schreiber said that you may remove up to two items at a time to work on. I am to accompany you on any of your trips to the vault and make notes of what you remove.”
“Well then, let's head back down now and I can get started on my task.”
* * *
Merlin looked up as the guard cleared his throat.
“Will you be needing to go back down to the vault today sir?”
“No and I'm sorry. You needn't simply stand outside my cottage all day. You can come in or, if you have a means by which I can contact you when I need to go to the vault, be elsewhere even.”
“That's alright. If I weren't here, they'd find scut work for me to do. My superiors claim I ask too many questions. They don't like it when they don't have the answers so I always end up with the worst jobs. They also happen to be the jobs that keep me away from my superiors more.” 
“Well, you may feel free to come inside the cottage then so you aren't stuck outside if it's raining or hot. What I'm doing shouldn't be dangerous at all. As a matter of fact, it may not look like I'm doing much at all but I do need to remain undisturbed.”
“Thank you sir, I'll do that tomorrow. I'll report here after breakfast.”
Merlin put aside the scale. It and a tooth, half the length of his forearm, were now resident in his cottage. The tooth was covered with fine runic work. It was obviously enchanted but Merlin couldn't read the runes. He would have to insinuate his awareness into the structure of the spell and try to identify it but so far, he was concentrating on the scale. If he could unlock the ward on it, the power it contained would make identifying the other items much easier for him.
It was time for dinner and then on to teach his class. Herr Schreiber wanted a meeting with Merlin in the morning, to hear his thoughts on the students. Merlin thought that the man might also be hoping for more healing from him as well.
Dinner was unremarkable, filling but bland. As he approached the students' quarters he considered how he might entice Dieter into attempting to strengthen Herr Schreiber. 
What he wanted Dieter to do was simplicity itself, simply strengthen Herr Schreiber's struggles against the chain. If the time came when the man was winning his battle then Merlin could snap the chain easily with no traces remaining. If Merlin needed to make repeated attempts, then traces of his power would be visible should the dragon check on its victim.
Merlin entered the room to find all seven men reading. None of them seemed under the control of Horst so hopefully they were using the mental shields he taught them. The shields used little magic and required concentration only if they were disturbed. All of the students had caught on to it, which gave him hope for teaching them what he wanted to.
He glanced at their reading material. All of them held transcripts of his journals, or at least the portions of them dealing with magic. He moved about the room, pointing out the sections that were most pertinent to each individual, trying to increase their strengths before beginning to strengthen their weaknesses. He saved Dieter for last.
“Dieter, you said that you used your powers to help heal livestock, yes?”
“Yes Merlin, I wasn't aware that I was doing it at first but eventually I figured it out.”
“You know that with some illnesses the best you can do is strengthen the victim and let them fight it themselves?”
“I hate that kind; I like being able to fix things properly. But I know what you're talking about.”
“There's a man here with a problem like that. I have reasons for not wanting to work on him myself. Would you be willing to lend him strength for his struggles?”
“Certainly, if I know how.”
“I can show you how. Now, look at me.”
Dieter turned his eyes on Merlin.
“Is that how you look at the creatures you heal?”
“Oh, you mean Sense you, at least that's how I refer to it.”
“Do it that way.”
Dieter's eyes snapped open. Merlin could tell that the man's senses had probed him then abruptly stopped.
“You're ancient. When I Sensed you, it seemed as though you were an ancient graybeard. But instead of the frailty of age there was a solidity, like a mountain slowly weathering away but still solid, full of granite,” Dieter said.
“Then yes, you can truly See, or Sense, me. Of course I'm ancient. Did you think I took this name to impress you men?”
“We weren't sure. Merlin was supposed to live more than a thousand years ago.”
“I was careless with a spell, it had to do with a woman, and it kept me asleep for centuries. We'll drop it there. Maybe I'll tell you the whole story some other time but not now.”
Dieter showed a great deal more respect when he replied.
“What would you have me do then?”
“Sense me again, but while you're doing so, change your viewpoint. Try to Sense me from over near that window, but don't move your body there.”
Dieter closed his eyes for a moment before they snapped open again.
“I could Sense the whole room from over there. Beyond the room even. There's a certain warmth to all of us in here that the two guards in the hallway don't have. Is that the magic?”
“To me it's a glow but I See things, I don't Sense when I'm in that state. So yes, that's probably how you perceive the magic.”
“Now what?”
“Can you keep yourself in the state where you sense things? You keep snapping back to your body.”
“I've never tried. Normally I focus on the task I want to accomplish and when its done I go back to normal,” Dieter said.
“Here's the next step then. I want you to Sense me from near the window again but hold yourself like that. I'll do the same and we should be able to perceive one another. If we can, I'll lead you to the person I want to help. Simply aid the affliction in his head as you would an illness where the victim needs more strength to fight it off. Can you do that?”
“I think I can. If you can get me there, I can do that.”
“Make your body comfortable then move your perception to the window.”
Dieter arranged himself and then his eyes closed and he slumped slightly. Merlin extended a thread of his awareness and found Dieter's consciousness near the window as instructed.
Merlin perceived himself as grasping Dieter's hand and tugging gently. The two of them moved through the building, seeking Herr Schreiber. They found him, but when Dieter examined his head Merlin felt him shudder and try to recoil to his body. Merlin's grip on Dieter strengthened and the student settled down again. The feel of power flowing out of Dieter and into Herr Schreiber was palpable and when Merlin felt Dieter weakening himself, he intervened. 
The two men returned to their bodies. Dieter's eyes snapped open and rolled wildly.
“What was that thing? It was like a worm, devouring some of the man's thoughts and replacing them with others.”
“That thing is a spell that was placed on him. Wizards normally refer to a victim of such as being spell-ridden. Could you feel him struggling against it?”
Dieter nodded.
“You're strengthening his struggles, aiding him in his fight. If it gets to the point where his mind is winning the battle I can strike and remove the spell.”
“Why can't you help him?”
“I'm trained and a trained wizard has an individual style, unique from any other. So I would leave signs that point to myself. You aren't trained and you're simply feeding him strength to assist in his fight. That will leave no traces. If I can break the spell, I can protect the man from having it done again, in much the same way I showed all of you to defend your own minds.”
“Who is it?”
“I'd rather not tell you except to say that he is in a position of authority here and I suspect his decisions are influenced heavily by the spell. I imagine you're tired now?”
“Yes, exhausted,” Dieter said.
“You'll strengthen over time but I suggest finding a way to spend some time outside tomorrow. I get the feeling that you'd recover best near animals but I haven't seen many around here.”
“I've always felt best when near my livestock.”
“They make you happy?”
“Yes, very much so.”
“That's what does it then. If there's anything around here that makes you happy or makes you experience strong positive emotions, then I recommend you try to do that tomorrow. Being outside in the sun will help some, as will eating.”
“Can I try that thing with moving my perception around more?”
Merlin shook his head.
“I'd recommend you wait until you aren't exhausted. That's part of the reason you're so tired now. The other part is because you were pouring energy into our patient. I pulled you away or you might've fed him enough to damage yourself. You need to learn your limits. Find out how much energy you can use or give to someone else without harming yourself.”
“There was never a problem before. When using the spark, what I used to call my magic, so long as there was life in an animal or tree I could normally do enough to make it better, even if I was just feeding it energy for its own struggle.”
Merlin's eyes were unfocused in thought when Dieter finished speaking.
Could it be that simple? The staff is living, the stories say that any part of a dragon is still alive so long as the dragon is, but the statue and the bone couldn't be living, could they? I'll test it on the scale when I get back to my cottage.
“Sorry Dieter, you put my thoughts on a different path there for a moment. A spell isn't that similar to an illness. It will take a measure of power equal to that used to cast the spell in order to overcome it. It weakens with time if struggled against though. Each time we feed our patient more power, he'll make more headway against the spell.”
“Well, next time I'll know not to just push power to him but to keep an eye on myself at the same time.”
“A very good idea. Now, if you'll excuse me I need to check on the progress of the other students and then return to my quarters.”
The rest of the budding wizards were doing the reading Merlin recommended. Anselm and Ernst even went beyond the portions Merlin pointed out to them. The other four stopped after they finished the recommended sections.
“That will be enough for now. All of those sections contained descriptions of exercises in them that relate to the portions you were reading. Please practice them until the next time I see you,” Merlin said.
He took his leave of them and eagerly returned to his cottage to study the ward on the scale.

Chapter 9
Merlin woke with a start. A hand was on his shoulder, shaking him gently.
“Sir? Sir?”
Merlin shook his head groggily.
“Yes? What is it?”
“Sir, you're sleeping in your chair, leaning on the table. I thought you might prefer to sleep in your bed.”
The speaker was the same guard from yesterday, the one Merlin invited to come inside the cottage.
“Oh, sorry. Thank you for waking me then.”
Merlin stumbled to his bed, still clutching the scale whose puzzles kept him awake until nearly dawn.
I'm close, I can feel it. I've wormed my way inside of the ward but I still need to figure out how to key it to myself. I can't release its power until I do, he thought.
Merlin fell asleep atop the covers on his bed and slept for another two hours. When he awoke again his thoughts were clear.
I've got it. The ward is like the wires that carry the electricity I can use. I just need to start it flowing with a bit of my own.
The scale was still in his hands. Instead of sending out a thread of awareness to examine it or to snake through the tiny gaps he'd found in the ward, he sent a tiny jolt of power into the ward itself.
His head instantly cleared. Without being aware of it, he'd been functioning through a haze. He was used to holding as much power as he could in the past. The limited amounts he managed to acquire recently had been insufficient to fully fuel the spells he once maintained on a constant basis. As the power from the scale flooded into him those spells reactivated and he could feel his senses strengthen considerably.
“Good morning to you. Thank you for getting me to move earlier on. I fell asleep working on some research,” Merlin said.
“You're welcome sir. I thought you might be happier sleeping in your bed.”
“You were right. Do you know the time? I'm hoping that breakfast is still available.”
“If you hurry you might still make it. Also, I was asked to remind you that you have an appointment with Herr Schreiber this morning.”
“Well then, thank you again. I'll scurry over and see if I can still claim some breakfast.”
Merlin moved through his morning routine much quicker than in the previous days. Within a minute he was heading out for the cafeteria. Although he was a bit late, the workers he normally bantered with found him a bite to eat. Afterward he walked into the facility and went directly through to Herr Schreiber's office.
Once again the secretary tried to take him to task for being unescorted.
“You know better, you need to be escorted in this part of the castle.”
Merlin was not in the mood to withstand the man's petty issues. He reached inside the man's mind and gently severed the connections causing the unnatural compulsions. This time he also put in a tiny block to prevent them from forming again.
“I know that I was requested to be here this morning. If the guards I passed didn't feel that I needed an escort, who was I to correct them?”
The secretary looked confused for a moment as Merlin finished working in his mind, then shook his head and looked at Merlin again.
“I'll tell Herr Schreiber that you're here,” he said.
Merlin was immediately escorted into the office. Herr Schreiber sat behind his desk and his coloration was much improved over the last time Merlin saw him in person.
“Merlin, so glad you're here. Whatever you did has me in much better health. I know I'm nowhere near where I used to be but I'm so much better than I was a week ago that it's difficult to believe.”
“I'm glad to hear that,” Merlin said.
He used his senses to examine the man. The chain appeared weaker, more translucent than it was the night before. His lungs were still in poor shape but there were several patches that were free of the scarring.
“I can, perhaps, help some more today if you would like,” Merlin continued.
“I would appreciate that. But first, I need to hear about your students.”
Merlin sat and relayed his impressions of the students to Herr Schreiber. He included nearly everything, from Horst's success at controlling his classmates' minds to Dieter's skill with healing. The only thing he left out was his work with Dieter on breaking the spell.
“I would think that you were making these things up if I didn't have a first hand example of your efforts. As things stand, I'll take you at your word and forward these results to my superiors,” Herr Schreiber said. 
“Would you like me to make further efforts on your lungs now sir? I've been getting my power back and I can probably do more this time than the last.”
“I would be grateful.”
Merlin approached the man again. He sank into a trance and split his awareness. This time instead of flaking off the scarring, Merlin removed the moisture from it, causing it to desiccate until it formed a fine dust. He increased the circulation to the exposed, healthy tissue beneath it and ensured that he hadn't dried that section out unintentionally. The entire procedure took less than five minutes this time and throughout it Merlin maintained enough conscious awareness that he was unafraid of being startled by an interruption.
“That should do sir. Your body will need to adjust some before I continue. You may find yourself rather dry for a day or two. Drink some extra water and if it feels like you're coughing up some dust, don't worry. That will just be your body getting rid of the scar tissue I destroyed.”
“So quick this time?”
“As I said, I've been recovering my power. That allows me to work more quickly.”
“Well then, perhaps we'll learn something about those items you're studying.”
“I can already tell you that several of them are repositories for power, of a fashion I'm unfamiliar with. We discussed the best ways of storing power before. If I'm not mistaken, someone found a better way while I slept.”
“That would be welcome news. Part of this project is building and filling a large storage device for power. If there is a better way than those we know of, perhaps we can make it more efficient.”
“I've yet to unravel the way it was done, but I am working on it. They used an exceedingly complex ward for it.”
“I'm sure you'll discover it. The sooner the better though. We're being pressured to show positive results in our projects. Some concrete example of things we've accomplished would be welcome.”
“Then if I may be dismissed I'll get back to working on that now.”
“Certainly Merlin, you're dismissed.”
Merlin exited the office and headed back for his cottage. After picking up the scale, he turned to the guard. 
“Lets go back down to the vault. I need to exchange this piece for a different one.”
The guard nodded and led the way into the castle basement. With his heightened senses Merlin could now distinguish more information from the traces of dragon magic. The dragon leaving them was female and very old. She was probably a mature adult by the time Merlin fell into his long sleep. Tinges of despair and loneliness shaded the madness that permeated the traces.
Once again, when the vault door was shut, the traces of dragon magic were cut off. Merlin replaced the scale in its assigned spot and turned to the staff. He pondered for a moment.
I don't need any more power right now. Unless I have to do something drastic I have as much as I need for the foreseeable future. But, I should check and make sure the ward is the same.
A quick look with his senses showed him that the ward on the staff was nearly identical to the one on the scale. He turned to the bone to check.
I see, it's essentially the same ward, but inverted. All the magic in the bone will be made accessible if I simply draw a bit of power out of the ward itself instead of the bone. 
Probing the dragon statuette with his senses showed similarities to the wards on the other three items, but there was something more there as well. He picked the statue up and turned to the guard.
“I'll be returning the scale and taking this statuette with me.”
The guard made a note in a small book he withdrew from a pocket.
“I have it noted sir, are you ready to leave?”
“Yes, let's get out of this dank tomb.”
The guard led the way back out of the castle and, once more, stationed himself in a chair just inside Merlin's cottage.
Merlin wanted to get back to studying the statuette but there was something he needed to take care of first. His beard continued to elicit stares from everyone who saw him. To his knowledge there were no other men wearing a beard at the facility. 
He wanted to fit in better, to be able to blend, and the beard was preventing that. The razor he received with his kit was not something he wanted to trust against his skin so he'd procrastinated. Now that he was full of energy again, there was an easier way to take care of the chore. When he finished removing the hair on his chain with a trickle of power, he settled in to study the statuette.
* * *
Three days later Merlin was still puzzling over the dragon statuette. The class he held for his students the night before went well. Even the four that weren't using their full effort to study were still making progress, although less than the others. 
What I wouldn't give for another student like Nimue, Merlin thought, She absorbed everything I showed her and pushed herself to learn faster than she already was. Dieter's almost like that but he doesn't have the intuitive grasp she did. He has to work harder and, as a result, learns slower than she did.
Merlin set the dragon statuette on the nightstand beside the bed and drifted into sleep. His dreams were pleasant, taking him back to the time when he was teaching Nimue. He was happy then, even happier when she approached him the day she came of age. In his dream, her relatives came to the cottage before he was warned and he defended himself, killing two and injuring the rest. Nimue was in a rage and insisted that she never wanted to see him again. 
Merlin awoke with a start, his emotions in a turmoil. Something fluttered past his face and he brushed at it to drive it away. When his hand struck metal, he grabbed it. A flick of his finger and a small amount of concentration threw the cloth from the sun crystal and provided light within the cottage. He looked at his fist to see the small statue moving in his grasp. It squirmed and tried to escape his grip. His fingers relaxed, and he watched as it flew from his grip. The small dragon circled his head for a while before landing on the nightstand again.
Merlin reached his hand out to the creature, palm turned upward, and it daintily walked onto it. Merlin's interest was piqued. He held his open hand in front of his face, examining the animated statue intently. The creature's head turned to face Merlin and its eyes slowly blinked.
Is it only animated or does it have a semblance of life? I do believe it's truly alive and was simply in some sort of stasis before, Merlin thought.
He grew excited. 
This is a magic that must have taken incredible skill and precision to create. I would that I could meet the wizard who created it, he thought. 
The creature's wings began to beat and it lifted into the air to circle Merlin's head again.
It reacts to excitement. I bet it began to animate when my emotions were engaged by my dream. Could it be that the creature reacts to the same things that create magic in one's life? It would tie in to the style of ward that was used on it.
Merlin tried to control his excitement, but it was more difficult than he thought. Normally he encouraged the feeling since it would provide more power for him. This time he needed to contain it so the creature would come to rest again.
When the creature landed, Merlin held out his hand once more. The creature walked onto it and cocked his head to look at Merlin's face. A word formed in Merlin's mind.
{Anguis}
“Yes, you are a dragon,” Merlin said.
{Anguis} formed in his mind again.
“Oh, is that your name? Is your name Anguis?”
The small creature nodded its serpentine head.
Merlin's empty hand reached out, trying to tug on a non-existent beard.
“Well Anguis, it is my pleasure to meet you. You are one of the most cunning pieces of magic that I have ever seen.”
The tiny dragon seemed to glow momentarily. The features of its face were difficult to read but Merlin was sure that what he was seeing was pride.
The dragon tossed itself into the air and performed a series of aerial acrobatics. It ended its frolic by landing on Merlin's shoulder.
“Anguis, my name is Merlin.”
The dragon's head was softer than it looked. Merlin found this out when it nuzzled the side of his neck affectionately. It stretched itself out and curled about him. The sinuous neck and long tail allowed it to almost encircle Merlin's throat. When he reached to touch the creature, he found it stiffened into immobility. He was certain that it was still aware, he could feel the occasional movement in its body, but to all intents and purposes it was now a torque.
Merlin wanted nothing more than to return to sleep but the excitement over his discovery prevented that.
I need more sleep or I'm going to be useless, he thought.
As he completed the thought he felt his excitement draining away, in time to small pulses in his new torque.
It not only senses strong emotions but it can do something about them as well, he thought as he drifted into a deep, and dreamless, sleep.
* * *
When Merlin entered the students' room to teach his next class, he was surprised to find that only six students were there.
“Where is Horst?” he asked.
“Horst said he had an assignment. He left yesterday. Took all his gear with him too,” Dieter replied.
“Well, no-one told me about that. I'll check when I have a chance.”
Without Horst in the room, things would go faster. The students wouldn't constantly check over their shoulders for him and Merlin wouldn't feel the need to shield himself as strongly as before. 
He now knew the general strengths of his students. He had most of them to the point where they would have to start studying individually. Of all the students, only Dieter possessed the potential to be a wizard with well-rounded skills in anything resembling a reasonable amount of time. 
Anselm was charming, literally. His magic worked best on other people, not to control them but to make others trust him. In talking with the student Merlin discovered that he had cut quite a swathe through the women in his village before being volunteered for the occult program.
Ernst was lucky, at least that's how most people perceived him. His magics influenced events occurring near him, normally improving the outcome. He was the type of man people loved to be near because, with no control over it, the luck spilled over onto others as well. Merlin was teaching him how to keep a tight rein on his skill and also how to cause it to work on the things he wanted it to instead of at random. 
Conrad could have been another well-rounded wizard, but he was convinced that his talents would only work on himself and only in a physical manner. He could cause himself to have massive strength or excessive speed for a short time, or even great endurance over a period of days. When Merlin tried to get him to work on something outside of his physical body Conrad flatly insisted, without even trying, that he couldn't do it. There was no way for Merlin to force the man to use his skills so he concentrated on teaching him the various means of enhancing his senses and physical prowess.
Manfred was fascinated when Merlin demonstrated control over fire and was struggling to learn how to do the same. He could light a candle with his mind already but he was slow to learn and still had a problem detaching a living flame from its source. From what Merlin could tell, Manfred would be able to learn anything that caught his interest but it would take a great deal of time.
Karl was a large man physically, but he was somewhat slow mentally. He took a long time to grasp any concept, although once he did he knew it well. He was very good with shields of all types. The original mental shield that Merlin taught the students was similar enough to all the other types of shielding that Karl learned them quickly. He was now struggling with remote manipulation, the ability to move things with his mind and not his body.
Merlin moved about the class, ensuring that none of the students had any unanswered questions and asking them about their progress on their current projects. He finished the circuit with Dieter and they sat down to talk.
“Merlin, I have a question on something I just read.”
“Show me the transcript.”
Dieter picked up a sheet of paper and handed it to him.
“See the paragraph about halfway down the page? I don't understand your reference there.”
“That's because it isn't my reference. This transcript is not something I wrote, although I think I know who did.”
Merlin scanned the entire page quickly. It dealt with healing magic and how to perform it with a minimal amount of energy. This particular procedure described an alternate means of cleaning infestations. Merlin just forced them out but the writer developed a lure to draw them out on their own. The procedure described would only use about one tenth the energy Merlin did to achieve the same result. 
He recognized both the style of the spell and the word choices used in its description. The feel of the work was more mature than he was used to from her, but he was positive that it was Nimue's. The two of them had known that she'd never have the ability to control as much raw power as Merlin and they spent a goodly amount of time devising alternatives that used less energy. The knowledge that Nimue continued to do so after he went to sleep, and obtained such good results, mingled with the feeling of loss he experienced whenever he thought of her. His pride in her continued research both eased and enhanced the loss he felt.
After Merlin explained the reference, Dieter looked at him.
“Can't we use something similar on the worm in that man's brain? Find something to lure it out or draw it out then slam a mental shield behind it to prevent its return?”
“It's possible that we could. Give it some thought. I hadn't planned to do anything but assist him in overcoming it himself. If there's a chance we can do it in an easier and less energy intensive fashion, we should look into it.”
“Me? You want me to try to figure it out?”
“Yes, there comes a time when any wizard must begin to develop on their own. If they try to mold themselves directly in the image of their teacher, they limit themselves. You have the skill and control. You have access to many of the concepts in the transcriptions. Research it and we'll continue to discuss it. Between the two of us we may be able to come up with an alternative.”
Dieter relaxed when Merlin's words suggested that the two would work on it together. Their conversation continued with Dieter relating what skills he tried recently and how they worked out. When Merlin got up to leave, he felt a pulse in the torque.
{Anguis?} Merlin thought at the dragon.
Merlin experienced a visual image of himself sitting back down, Anguis uncoiling from his neck, and moving to Dieter.
{Are you sure?}
The image repeated itself.
Merlin sat back down.
“Dieter, don't be alarmed or startled. Something strange is about to happen,” he said.
Dieter was looking at him curiously so he caught Anguis' initial movement out of the corner of his eye. The small dragon slithered off of Merlin's neck, reforming into its dragon shape in mid-air. It fluttered over to Dieter and landed in his lap.
Dieter's eyes widened as he stared at the creature. His lips moved soundlessly then repeated the movement as he spoke aloud.
“Anguis?”
“That's the creature's name, I know little about it so far. Since you're the only other person it's reacted to, I think it likes you.”
“He's amazing.”
“I think that Anguis is neither male nor female. It is a creation of magic.”
The tiny dragon turned its head towards Merlin, its tongue slithering out of its mouth to gently hiss at him.
“I could be mistaken on that though. Anguis, are you a male?”
The dragon lifted his head proudly into the air, mimicking a human nod to the best of his ability.
“I stand corrected and I must agree. He is quite amazing,” Merlin said.
“Why did you decide to show him to me?”
“I didn't decide, he requested it.”
“But why?”
“I can only guess. Were you, perhaps, excited by the idea of researching a means to remove the spell from the man's mind?”
“Yes, I was excited by both that and by the prospect of working with you on it.”
“That might be the reason then. Anguis reacts to strong emotions. It seems that the emotions that generate energy for a person are the same ones he reacts to.”
An image flashed into Merlin's mind. It was Anguis, but in some way bigger than he was now. His physical size was the same but there was more of a depth of power to him.
“Anguis, do you gain energy from the same things that people do?”
Once again the dragon nodded.
Merlin was fairly sure of the answer to his next question but needed to ask anyhow.
“You don't steal it from them so that they don't receive it, do you?” Merlin asked.
The dragon solemnly shook his head. Another image appeared in Merlin's mind. This time of himself and Anguis, first separately, then together. In the second image, the same additional depth of power was present as in the earlier one but on both dragon and wizard.
“So, both you and the person gain the energy. The wizard can tap your stores of energy as well?”
The dragon nodded enthusiastically enough that he nearly fell off of Dieter's lap.
“So that's your purpose? You can seek out energy, share in it, and then bring it back to the wizard?”
Anguis flew the short distance to Merlin's neck and settled around it, once more going immobile.
“I'll say this Merlin, I've yet to be bored around you. Are things always this interesting?” Dieter said.
“No, they're not. I get my share of drudgery as well.”
“I'll think on our problem and see what I can come up with.”
Dieter reached up to stroke Anguis as Merlin began to rise. For a moment, Merlin thought the little dragon was going to start purring like a cat. The dragon stilled again instead but Merlin could feel a sense of contentment radiating from the small creature.

Chapter 10
Merlin was unable to sleep later that evening. He found that, full of energy as he now was, he required less sleep. It was days since he last viewed the journals and his curiosity was getting the better of him. 
How long was it after I left before Nimue worked out that clever lure spell for infestations? There are probably other interesting and useful things she did as well. Perhaps I can find out, he thought. 
He split his awareness and sent a trace of it out. His familiarity with the path into the building that avoided the electrical lines sped his efforts. He arrived in moments and found that his journals were now racked on the shelves and all of those currently on the table were from Nimue.
Merlin skimmed the pages of the books that lay open.
'Twenty years and still no sign of the dragons. Although I've agreed to watch Merlin's cottage, I may take a trip to the northeast to see if I can find anything out about them.'
'Two years wasted. Whatever spell holds the dragons behind it is tied directly to the life force of the caster. Until they die, this spell will remain intact. All signs point to it being cast by another dragon, so they could be trapped for all eternity.'
'Fifty years to the day since Merlin went to sleep. I know he warned me to expect an extended life span but I haven't changed at all in almost forty years. I still look the same as I did the day I realized that the dragons were not returning.'
'I must be a hundred years old now. There have been lovers but none have engaged me in my body, mind, and soul like Merlin did. All my lovers age as I remain the same. I can't stand watching it happen and so I shall devote myself to the study of magic. As Merlin and I did years back, I'll try to duplicate the effects of the spells he used but in a fashion that uses less energy. He was a dear man but always profligate with his power. Even he would be using the more efficient spells were he still around. Power is now precious and no longer plucked up like a wildflower from a field.'
Merlin returned to his body. He guessed that the transcription Dieter was working with came from the last book he skimmed.
Poor Nimue, I wish I'd been beside her through those long years. It sounds as though she was one of us whose body simply doesn't age. Most wizards like that have their age quickly catch up to them in their final years. I hope she stayed healthy throughout and found a measure of happiness somewhere.
His melancholy thoughts caused Anguis to pulse gently against his throat. Rather than continue on with the evening, Merlin decided that he'd sleep as much as his body would allow and get an early start in the morning.
Merlin's dreams were haunted by Nimue again. In these dreams she moved through the centuries, unchanging, until her age caught up with her in her final years. He dreamed that she found a lover near the end of her life and that they aged together as a normal couple would.
He woke with tears streaming down his face. Rather than stay lost in his thoughts, he buried himself in his work. The tooth gave up its secrets to him that day. Pin a man to the ground with it, either through his flesh or his clothing, and he would be held immobile until it was removed by someone else.
* * *
Merlin began the following day by meeting with Herr Schreiber.
“What has happened to my student Horst?” Merlin asked.
Herr Schreiber's voice was colder than Merlin remembered.
“He's been sent away on assignment. You remember that I told you we needed to show some proof of our results? Horst is that proof.”
“So he's being sent out to take control over people's minds?”
“That and to simply scan their minds. There are questions about the loyalty of some highly placed people. He'll be answering those questions. If the answers are wrong, he'll be ensuring that accidents occur to either discredit or remove those same people.”
Merlin looked at Herr Schreiber. He detached a portion of his awareness and examined the spell on Herr Schreiber's mind. It had been renewed and was now more of a blanket than a chain. The edges were frayed as though he were still fighting it, and succeeding in part.
Merlin took the opportunity to once more treat Herr Schreiber's lungs. There was no sincere gratitude as there was in the past. The man gave him a simple thank you and dismissed him.
His mind is being smothered. Herr Schreiber will be made into some sort of automaton if we don't help him soon, Merlin thought.
When Merlin returned to the cottage, he sank into his chair. He wanted to go to the vault again but if he were to keep Anguis, and there was no question about that, then he'd only be able to remove one item per trip. He wanted to complete the task set upon him and then find some way out of this place. 
I need to help Herr Schreiber, I need to fulfill what was asked of me, and then I need to find a way out. This place is a madhouse and a country that would willingly use a man to control the minds of people is not a country I want to stay in.
As Merlin's thoughts raced, he felt a sense of agreement coming from Anguis. As he puzzled about how to get more items from the vault a picture popped into his brain. Two small dragon statuettes, identical to one another. One flew up to wrap about his neck and turned into a torque. The other shimmered back into a stone about the size of Anguis.
Merlin caught the meaning directly and walked outside. He searched among the stones in a field until he found one the right size. Returning to his cottage, he used magic to craft the rock into a duplicate of Anguis. It now appeared to be a dragon statuette, closely resembling Anguis' original form. He used a small charm to finish the job, making it appear identical to the original statuette. He gathered up the tooth and spoke to the guard.
“I need to go down to the vault again and exchange these,” he said.
The guard looked at the statue and the tooth in his hands and nodded.
The swap went off without a hitch. Evidently there was no security except the visual check by the guard. When Merlin returned from the vault he had two items selected at random from the many remaining to be identified.
The days passed in a blur. When the weekend arrived, Merlin considered a bit of rebellion. He sought out Gunter's mind to find if he was still in the area. He was and he was miserable. Merlin gave the man an uncontrollable urge for fresh air, with a suggestion that walking near where they kept the trucks would fulfill it. He slipped out of his cottage using the light-bending spell that rendered him nearly invisible. He was sure someone was watching him over the past few days but couldn't spot them. The spell, and a light left in the cottage, should convince them he was still in there.
Merlin was waiting when Gunter came strolling along. Gunter's face was turned down and he looked miserable.
“Gunter,” Merlin said.
Gunter looked up.
“Merlin?”
“Hello Gunter. I was considering a bit of mild rebellion and was going to see if you were interested in joining me, but you look miserable. What's wrong?”
“They've relieved me of my command. I've been replaced by an officer of the SS, told that I wasn't trustworthy enough for the responsibilities I've been managing for years.”
“Was the SS the other group that contested my destination?”
“You knew about that?”
“I heard something.”
“Yes, they were. Evidently, the SS is strongly tying themselves to all of the occult research going on in the army.”
“That would explain why they shipped one of my students out then,” Merlin said.
Gunter looked at him quizzically. So Merlin explained.
“That's disgusting. So now we can't even have our own thoughts to ourselves?”
“Well, it's just one man. But no, anyone he's assigned to could have their thoughts known.”
Gunter shook his head.
“Things are worse than I feared then. Perhaps they were right to remove me from my position. If I knew about these things I'd encourage those I found to flee instead of return with me.”
“I think that my small act of rebellion is exactly what you need now.”
“What are you talking about.”
“I was told that I was to stay in the compound. But I don't like being treated as though I were a child and I never volunteered for your army. I'm cooperating so far but I'm feeling cooped up. Let's head for that bar you showed me the other evening.”
“If you're confined to the compound, like I am now, then the gate guards won't allow you out.”
“Gunter, I'm a wizard. Look at me for a moment.”
Merlin concentrated briefly.
“Merlin? Is that you? What happened?”
“I can make both of us look like other people as we leave and when we return.”
Gunter's brow wrinkled in thought, but only for a moment.
“I ought to turn you in. Instead, I'll accompany you to make sure you stay safe. After all, they never told me to stop guarding you with my life.”
Merlin grinned at Gunter who feebly returned the smile.
“Do you need anything or are you ready to go?” Merlin asked.
“I'm ready. There's nothing I really care for in my quarters. I've started carrying everything I value on me since I'm sure my room has been searched. I don't know what they think I've done. Perhaps they've been reading my thoughts. I've had some disloyal ones recently, but a man isn't his thoughts. A man is his actions.”
“Very true. But I dislike what that says about some of the people I've encountered here,” Merlin said.
He concentrated for a moment.
“I've got a disguise on both of us. The guards should see someone they expect. If they have any questions, let me handle them.”
“Good enough.”
The two men walked towards the exit from the compound. As they approached the booth the guards came out.
Well, that's interesting, Merlin thought, When I left last time it was normal soldiers on guard. This time both guards wear the doubled lightning rune.
“Halt. Let's see your authorization to leave the compound.”
Merlin held out an empty hand, willing the guard to see whatever it was the guard needed to see to let them pass.
“Good, all is in order. You may pass.”
Gunter and Merlin strolled out through the gates and turned towards the bar.
Once they were out of earshot, Gunter spoke.
“What did you do Merlin?” 
“I used my magic to make him see what he expected. They weren't expecting anyone to sneak out so I just showed them what they expected to see.”
“Whatever you did, I'm impressed. I complain about the SS soldiers but most of them really are well trained.”
“It seems that even those who work at a research center focusing on magic don't really believe it exists. Or possibly, just don't have any idea of how to counteract it. I've noticed this over the past few weeks.”
The two men chatted as they walked. Merlin discovered that Gunter's demotion took place shortly after their last venture to the bar. Gunter had registered a complaint regarding the woman they tried to trap Merlin with. He pointed out that Merlin was working there voluntarily and that there was no need to entrap him.
“You shouldn't have done that Gunter. That was probably the cause of your problems. Those in charge here strike me as being more ruthless than your average person. They're willing to do whatever they believe is necessary to get what they want.”
“Still, it wasn't right. I wanted to let them know that I wouldn't cooperate in underhanded schemes like that.”
“Not being willing to bend that way at all is probably what got you relieved of your command.”
“Then so be it. If I have to be deceitful to maintain my command, then I don't want it.”
“You're a good man Gunter, and here we are at the bar. Let me buy you a beer.”
Merlin and Gunter spent several hours at the bar. The barmaids were every bit as friendly as Gunter originally claimed and Merlin took advantage of that. The barmaid he invited upstairs this time was willing and, much to her surprise, actually enjoyed herself for real. It made a huge difference to him and he found that his already high energy levels were full to the brim when he returned downstairs.
Gunter was waiting, and slightly drunk, when Merlin came back down.
“I think that we should be on our way Merlin,” Gunter said.
Merlin considered the slurring of Gunter's words and thought that the man would probably be sober enough after the walk back to the compound.
“We should leave then. I must say, this was a far more pleasant experience than last time.”
“I told you the barmaids were friendly here.”
Gunter was steady on his feet even if his speech was slightly incapacitated. As the two men walked back to the compound, Merlin could hear Gunter muttering to himself.
“I can't believe that the army has become so dishonorable. This isn't the same organization I joined to make my career in.”
“I think, Gunter, that you should be cautious about saying such things out loud. You're in enough trouble already. No need to give them something else to use against you,” Merlin said.
“You're probably right, but what can you do when your life crumbles around you and all you can do is watch?”
“Who says all you can do is watch? You're capable of independent thought and action, aren't you?”
Gunter remained silent, his brow furrowed in thought, throughout the rest of the walk back. The guards challenged the two men again but Merlin got them through the checkpoint with no problems.
Merlin had difficulties falling asleep. Once again he felt guilty about abandoning Nimue, despite his lack of intent to do so. He felt that he was betraying her somehow by actually enjoying himself with another woman.
I must take this demon by the horns and force it into submission. The woman is dead and gone, probably buried for a thousand years. I loved her, I can admit that to myself now, but it's far too late to do anything about it, he thought.
Anguis slowly drained Merlin's grief to the point where he was able to fall asleep. This night, Merlin dreamed of all the things about Nimue that had fascinated and entranced him so many centuries earlier.

Chapter 11
The following night, Merlin entered the students' room. They were all accounted for, save Horst, and Merlin was pretty sure that he wouldn't be returning. With what they wanted from Horst, he'd be far too useful to send back to further his studies.
He made the rounds again. Most of the students were making minimal progress on their current assignments. They were at the point where they needed to start figuring things out for themselves. Merlin advised them on the ways he knew of to develop their powers further but they needed to try things out for themselves to find out what fit.
The exceptions to that were Manfred and Dieter. Manfred could now detach a living flame while keeping it alive, feed it to strengthen it, and hurl it across the room. He was very proud of his accomplishment and Merlin congratulated him before suggesting several other things that he might try to do with fire.
Dieter's skill with separating his awareness, learned when Merlin demonstrated it before, had increased significantly. 
“I know that it's Herr Schreiber we are treating, and his problem has gotten worse,” Dieter said.
“I did notice that. Now the spell is like a blanket suffocating his mind.”
“I would sooner say it's like a bed of mulch over a garden. Smothering some things while encouraging others to grow.”
“That's a good analogy, but not how I would normally view it.”
“That analogy sparked an idea in me. With mulch, eventually it decomposes and strengthens the soil. Is there a way to help this spell decompose and use the energy from it to build the shields you want to place on his mind?”
“Not really, I can't... Wait. Have you detected any sign of magical talent in Herr Schreiber?”
“No, none at all. All he has is the spell and the energies found on a normal person.”
“So, if we can advance the aging of the spell, it might begin to fray more. If it did, I might be able to unwork it.”
“How does one advance the aging of a spell and why would it matter if he possessed magical talent?”
“Please don't try this yourself. There's a spell that creates a stasis, that stops time for whatever it's placed upon. I'm thinking that I might be able to reverse the effects so that it accelerated time for whatever it was placed upon.”
“That spell would break down over time?” Dieter asked.
“Over a long time. But well before it breaks down on its own, Herr Schreiber will be no more. The only thing left would be an automaton controlled by whoever placed the spell. It's important to know if he has any magical talent because the stasis I need to create would be different if he did. I could tap his own energies to help with it and it would be easier.”
“There's no drawback to trying this, is there?”
“Very little. I'll need a day or two to plan the reversed stasis spell since it's rather complicated. I also think that we'll be better off doing this in my cottage than here. I'll see if I can get permission to take you back there after our next class.”
“You'll need my help?”
“We're working with your analogy and it's quite possible that I won't be able to hold the reversed stasis and keep an eye on the spell we're trying to destroy at the same time. You can observe and tell me if it's working correctly. You should see it break down as your mulch would if it works.”
“I can do that.”
* * *
Merlin spent the next day working on a reversed version of the stasis spell he'd used on himself. He needed one without the crystals, that would create the opposite affect by speeding up time within itself. It was challenging work and kept him occupied throughout the morning and early afternoon. He planned to continue the work after dinner but when he returned from eating there was a strange woman in his cottage.
“Good evening Madam. My name is Merlin, what can I do for you?”
“I'm here as a volunteer. I was told that someone who was important to the war effort needed a companion.”
“I see Herr Schreiber was good to his word. Shall we sit and chat? They did tell you that it would be necessary that you fit well with this person?”
“Oh yes, but I can't see myself not fitting well if I make an effort.”
If you have to make an effort, then you don't fit. You can round the corners on a square but that doesn't make it a circle, Merlin thought.
Merlin was willing to give it a shot although he suspected that this wasn't going to work out. Between guilt over Nimue and his recent encounter with a friendly barmaid he wasn't currently feeling a need for female companionship. He was willing to try though. A woman who fit with him would be a comfort to have around on a longer term, even if a more physical relationship was some time in coming.
By the end of the evening, Merlin knew that she wasn't a good match. She tried hard to be ingratiating and agree with him on everything. He could read her well though and Anguis could read her even better. She lied to him quite a bit, trying to make him think that she would be good for him. He would prefer a woman who spoke her mind if she disagreed but he wouldn't tell her that since she'd also demonstrated a degree of malleability that he didn't like.
At the end of the evening Merlin sent her away, over her protests, to return to wherever she came from.
There's a good four hours I could've used for research wasted, he thought.
In the morning, he started back in on the spell.
* * *
Merlin walked into the class of students to find Manfred juggling balls of living flame. The rest of the students were giving him a wide berth. The scorch marks on the floor and several pieces of furniture indicated why.
“Look Merlin, three balls of flame. I can control all of them at once.”
“Can you maintain control if you're distracted?” Merlin asked.
Manfred looked at him, confused.
Merlin caused a chill gust of wind to strike the back of Manfred's neck. He spun to see what caused it and the three balls of flame tumbled to the floor.
“I'm pretty sure that they want you to use these skills in combat of some sort. You'll need to work on holding your concentration unbroken to be able to do that,” Merlin said, snuffing the flames.
Manfred winced and flushed. He turned away, his face twisted in what resembled a child's pout.
Merlin made the rounds of the rest of the students. Karl was making progress towards mastering a shield against physical objects and Merlin encouraged him to continue. The other students were progressing, but slowly.
“So, Dieter, what have you been doing?”
“I've practiced my sensing, healed burns, and continued reading the transcripts.”
“I can guess where the burns came from.”
Dieter nodded.
“I'll take you to my cottage tonight and we'll see what we can do regarding our patient.”
The guards didn't even ask Merlin why he was taking one of the students out at the end of the class. Merlin was prepared to show them an illusion of an authorization to do so but it wasn't necessary.
When they arrived at the cottage, Dieter looked around.
“Rather spartan, isn't it?”
“I'm more comfortable without electricity and what else do I need?”
“A pantry for food? Better lighting?”
“Food I can get anytime during the day. The cafeteria is only a minute away and I can normally cadge a bite to eat.”
Dieter looked disapprovingly at Merlin.
“Why do you young wizards always assume I'm talking about using magic? I made friends with the staff. I call them by name, ask after their families. I like them and they like me. So they'll give me a snack if I ask.”
“Well, you still only have the one lantern there. How can you do anything after dark?”
“That's because I keep this on me all the time.”
Merlin pulled out the sun crystal and put it in the bracket he'd fashioned. Now the main area of the cottage was lit as well as it would be with the sun pouring in the windows.
“Oh...” Dieter said.
“Now, can we get on with things?”
“Sorry, I'm just trying to understand why you would go out of your way to help him like this. You know you're going to make someone mad, right? Someone powerful is going to be very upset with you?”
“I'm aware of that, but I hope to hide my traces well enough that they don't know who did it and what was done. If I'm caught? Well, I'm not so weak myself any more. Although I will be for a while right after this spell,” Merlin said.
“But why? Why all the risk?”
“Who else will do it? Who else can do it? Would you walk by a neighbor's livestock if they were sick and you could help them?”
“No, I'd fix them. That's different though. No-one would be coming after me for doing that.”
“Then just say I'm going to do it because I can. Because it offends me to see a spell like this in existence. Death is clean, if I have to use magic to kill someone they're dead just like they would be if run through with a sword. As a matter of fact, most of the time it would be less painful to be killed with magic. But to erase someone and leave their body behind to use as a puppet?”
Merlin shook his head and began to pace.
“Horst tried to get into your mind, didn't he? Did his attempt leave you feeling dirty?”
At Dieter's answering nod Merlin continued.
“Now imagine that he did get in and your mind was only present as a trapped observer. You could only watch as he used your body. Your mind slowly fading away to nothing. That's what's happening to Herr Schreiber. But he's fighting it as best he can. He has no idea how to combat the spell but continues to pit his willpower against it. So, the spell is wrong, the man is fighting but needs help. I feel compelled to provide that help because I can and because magic like that spell is simply wrong.”
Dieter backed up a step at Merlin's vehement conclusion.
“I apologize. I wanted to be sure there wasn't some hidden reason. That Herr Schreiber wasn't part of some sort of personal power struggle for you. I didn't think that he was but I needed to be sure. I think you've made your reasons clear. You feel very strongly about magic being misused don't you?”
“Yes,” Merlin said.
“May I ask one more question then?”
Merlin's face took on an expression of exasperation.
“Go ahead.”
“Why didn't you do something about Horst after that first class then.”
“I did, I taught you all mental shields that would protect you from him. I'd hoped to have more time with him and be able to steer him away from that type of magic, but they shipped him off without telling me.”
“Oh, I see. You gave us the means to protect ourselves. I remember you drilled everyone hard on that exercise also, harder than any others. To make sure we could protect ourselves from him?”
Merlin nodded.
“Yes, but this case is different. The man is clearly over-matched, not a wizard, and is in a position of authority. Someone needs to help and it seems that I'm the only one who can. Hopefully with your assistance. Can we begin now?”
“Yes, my apologies again. I'm not used to people who are actually altruistic.”
“Don't confuse altruism with enlightened self-interest. If Herr Schreiber's mind is taken over then I, and all of you younger wizards, will be subject to the orders and whims of the one who controls him.”
Dieter's face paled.
“I didn't quite follow the situation through to that conclusion. What do you need me to do?”
“As I said before, we're trying to break the spell. Since I based the counterspell on the way you observed it, I want you to watch and tell me if the spell reacts as planned. I may also need to borrow energy from you if the spell is stronger than I anticipate. If I do, don't let me take more than you can spare.”
“So, you just want me there mainly to watch?”
“And tell me if the spell is reacting as we want it to.”
“I'm ready.”
The two men sat and split off threads of their consciousness. Together, they projected their thoughts into the castle. Merlin found Herr Schreiber asleep in his bed. He was sleeping poorly, his body acting out the mental struggle his mind was putting up against the spell. 
A second person was awake in the room. Merlin touched their thoughts and found that it was Herr Schreiber's wife. She was unable to sleep due to his thrashing and her concerns about him. With a touch on her mind, Merlin guided her into a sleep that would last at least a few hours. Then he returned to her husband.
{Dieter, can you hear me this way?}
Dieter turned to look at Merlin.
{Like talking with the little dragon?}
{Yes, much the same. I wouldn't have tried this but you seemed able to communicate with Anguis.}
{Yes, I can hear you.}
{Good, I'm going to start the counterspell. Let me know if and when it appears to be doing something.}
Merlin focused on the black blanket covering Herr Schreiber's mind. He built a smaller version of the stasis spell he once used on himself, surrounding the mind and its enshrouding spell. This time the power points were held in Merlin's mind instead of crystals.
Energy began to flow from Merlin into the spell structure. He realized, as it began to take affect, that he would never be able to keep enough power flowing into the spell structure from outside its area of effect. Before the spell closed to begin its work, Merlin split his consciousness again, sending a tiny portion of it inside the spell.
Seconds passed as Merlin watched Dieter for some sign that the spell was working.
Weeks passed as Merlin fed the spell from the inside. His energy levels, high to begin with, were already drastically lower.
Minutes passed and Merlin felt weak. He gestured to Dieter, who moved closer, and then began to tap his student's energy.
Months passed and Merlin was on the point of collapse when he felt a new source of energy streaming into him.
{Merlin, the spell is beginning to break down.}
Merlin himself noticed that the blanket he perceived the spell as showed a rip down its center. The edges were fraying badly at the same time. Herr Schreiber's struggles intensified.
Because of his efforts over the past few months/minutes within his stasis, Merlin was intimately familiar with the spell on Herr Schreiber. He noticed immediately when it began to disperse. Herr Schreiber's consciousness burst into existence beside him. The man began to struggle to tear apart the rest of the spell on his mind and Merlin borrowed some of the energy Herr Schreiber was expending to put a last burst of effort into his counterspell.
The two portions of Merlin's mind that were out of his body merged. The differences in experienced time between the two parts left him feeling nauseous as he used the remnants of the previous spell to start a mental shield for Herr Schreiber. 
He borrowed more energy from Dieter since his own was exhausted and the mental shield took shape quickly. Merlin guessed, from the previous spell, that whoever placed it relied on the sheer strength of their magic. He'd devised the shield he was currently building with that in mind.
His final touch made the mental shield far more formidable than it appeared. Merlin installed a shunt on the shield spell. Any other magic trying to assault it would find itself drained into the shunt. The shunted energy would then reinforce the shield itself. Unless the attacker was observant, the more force they used trying to break down the shield, the stronger it would get. There were ways to get around the shunt but they would require time and finesse, not brute magical strength.
{Time to return.} Merlin sent.
Dieter's mental projection looked as strained as Merlin felt. 
The two men returned to their bodies. Merlin remained sitting, waiting for his nausea to pass. He would spend the next day or two trying to reconcile the apparent difference in time between the portion of his mind that had been within the stasis and the rest of himself.
Dieter groaned and stood. Merlin watched as Dieter swayed, apparently light-headed, and moved to a more comfortable position.
“That hurt,” Dieter said.
“Yes it did. The spell was stronger than it appeared. Evidently our Herr Schreiber is incredibly strong-willed. Otherwise he never could've managed any damage to that spell with his struggles.”
“Then it's gone? I thought so but I wasn't sure.”
“Yes, I used the last remnants of its energy to start the mental shield for him. Then your energy to finish building it. I apologize for that, destroying it took more power than I thought it would.”
“What was that last little bit I saw you doing?”
Merlin explained about the shunt and Dieter actually laughed out loud.
“I'd love to see the look on their face when they try to break through and get to his mind again.”
“I wouldn't. That would mean I was far too close to whoever placed that spell on him originally.”
“There is that,” Dieter said, “Are we done then? I feel as though I could sleep for a week.”
“We're done. The best way to recover is to eat, sleep, and spend a day doing something you enjoy.”
“Well, there's no food so I guess it's sleep then eat in this case.”
“It depends on how picky you are. When I was issued my gear the quartermaster ensured I had something called iron rations. I don't know about you but right now? If it's edible, I'll eat it.”
“They're meat and crackers normally. But I agree, if it doesn't run away or eat me first, I'll eat it also.”
Merlin took out the two iron ration packs he'd been given and handed one to Dieter. The two men made quick work of the entire contents. Merlin caught Dieter running his finger through the can to find any remaining meat. Privately he agreed that it wasn't enough but the two ration packs were all he was given.
“You can take the bed if you like. I've slept on worse surfaces than this floor,” Merlin said.
“I'm too tired to argue so I'll take you up on that.”
Merlin took one of the blankets and curled up on the floor beneath the window. He wanted to be in the first rays of light from the sun when it came up in the morning. Moments later, he was asleep.

Chapter 12
Despite his exhaustion of the night before, Merlin awoke after the sun had been shining on him for an hour. He could feel the energy of the sun trickling into him and slowly beginning the long task of recharging his power. He stood and walked outside.
I wish there were a way to regain my powers more quickly. If only there were dragons still about, he thought.
A pulse around his neck answered his unspoken thoughts.
{Yes Anguis?}
An image of himself popped into his mind. In it, he appeared to be holding much more power than he currently was. 
{Yes Anguis, I need to recover my power.}
The image altered slightly to show something streaming from the small dragon statue into Merlin's body.
{You can help?}
Merlin felt the dragon's head, nestled against his throat, nod.
{Please do so then.}
Merlin could swear the small dragon sighed with relief. Anguis unwrapped himself from Merlin's neck and launched himself into the air. He disappeared and a minute or two later Merlin heard the gleeful shouts of children somewhere. He continued to hear their laughter for a half hour or so. When it ceased, Anguis returned. He perched on Merlin's hand and Merlin could feel the power flowing into him.
“Thank you Anguis,” Merlin said formally, “The last time I needed to scrape for power was so long ago that I forgot how much can be obtained from the glee and wonderment of children. And I'm certain that you were a wonderment to them.”
Anguis preened and strutted up Merlin's arm before wrapping around his neck again.
Well, I'm in better shape power wise than I was before solving the ward on the scale at least. And I hope that Herr Schreiber comes through his ordeal without any damage. At least he should be safe now. That will increase my own safety somewhat, Merlin thought.
He went in and woke Dieter, who groaned and made a show of stiffly getting out of bed.
“Well, breakfast is available shortly, but if you don't want it right away you can go back to sleep.”
Dieter's stiffness disappeared in a flash and the two men walked to the cafeteria.
After a breakfast three times larger than either of the men normally ate, they returned to Merlin's cottage.
“You know Merlin, I don't know what to think of you.”
“Why?”
“You're willingly working with these people. Three of your students are not here voluntarily. We were given the option of this or being put on the list of Undesirables.”
Merlin could hear the capital letter on the last word, so he answered in kind.
“What is an Undesirable?”
“You don't know anything of the Germans, do you?” Dieter asked.
“I only know what I've observed. Some of them are good people, some not so good. I'll admit to meeting more of the not so good in this place. But the local tavern was full of the good types. Even some of the soldiers I've met have been the good types.”
“You'll find that those who know what's really going on tend towards the not so good types. Personally I'd say they're evil incarnate but...”
Dieter's sentence trailed off as the guard knocked once on the cabin door, then entered. The guard took his customary seat and after a long moment Dieter spoke again.
“Well Merlin, I'll be on my way back to my quarters then. It's been an honor to work with you.”
“I'll see you tomorrow night for classes Dieter, but you're welcome to stay here for now if you like.”
Dieter's eyes lingered on the guard for a moment before moving back to Merlin.
“No thank you. I'll be going now.”
Dieter left and Merlin gave some thought to what he said. Combined with his task of last night and the other compulsive behaviors bordering on madness around the keep, he had to admit that Dieter might have a point. He decided that he needed to do some more looking around.
“Excuse me. I don't need to go to the vault this morning. Could I get you to carry a message to Herr Schreiber for me?”
“Certainly sir. What would you like me to tell him?”
“Just a moment and I'll write it out.”
Merlin sat down and wrote out a missive asking about Herr Schreiber's health first, then asking if he might have an appointment with him at his earliest convenience. He sealed it and handed it to the guard.
“I don't know if there will be a reply or not.”
“I'll wait until they tell me one way or the other sir.”
“Thank you.”
The guard left the cottage and Merlin sat, lost in thought.
I'd look around today but even with what Anguis procured for me, my energy is still quite low. I'll have to replenish it today. If I go to the vault I can request the bone and the staff. Then I'll have enough power for some investigative research. This afternoon, I'll go down there this afternoon and request those.
Merlin's thoughts calmed and he slipped into the deep sleep that would help him recover his lost energy more quickly.
He awoke more than an hour later when the guard returned. The closing of the door snapped Merlin out of his rest.
“Sorry sir,” the guard said, “Herr Schreiber's secretary told me that he is ill today and won't be in the office until tomorrow at the earliest.”
“Did you leave the message?”
“Yes I did sir.”
“Thank you. I think I'll be going to the vault this afternoon. Until then I need to sit in the sun a bit. I'm feeling tired today.”
Merlin moved outside into the sun. He had some energy remaining and intended to use a small bit. He didn't want the guard to see him in trance though. He didn't have any single reason but his fears about the men he was working with were growing .
He sat down and detached a portion of his awareness. He moved his consciousness to Herr Schreiber's quarters, carefully threading the maze of electrical current. When he arrived, Herr Schreiber was there being fussed over by his wife. In the brief time Merlin was present he noted that she was keeping him in bed. The man protested that he was fine and needed to go to work but she told him that after last night he was taking day of bed rest.
Merlin returned to his body and just sat in the sun for a while. He felt himself slowly recharging but was worried that it might not be going fast enough. Everything he'd noted recently had him on edge, waiting for something to happen. Minor changes were occurring around him in a manner that surprised those affected. They seemed to be adding up, building towards something larger, and he couldn't decide what that larger thing might be.
As soon as lunch was available he went to eat. He told his guard that right after lunch he'd want to go down to the vault and change out items, so the guard joined him.
“Honestly, we spend so much time together, you should let me call you by your first name,” Merlin said.
“I'm sorry sir, that wouldn't be appropriate,” came the reply.
Merlin shook his head. He was almost positive that the guard was assigned to watch him personally. The man never seemed to care what he took from the vault, just noted it down and said nothing. He still couldn't determine how he was being watched at night, if he actually was being watched. He never saw anyone watching but with the marvels of technology currently in the world he was sure there was a way.
The two men went down to the vault and this time Merlin changed out his previous two items for the living staff and the bone. Originally he was going to leave the bone, his reluctance at using death magic souring him on the idea of using it. With some further thought he decided that if his idea was true, that if a part of the person was trapped along with their energy when death magic was captured, then he should use all of that power as soon as he could and release what remained of the people it came from.
The staff virtually hummed with energy. He could feel the ward on it keeping the energy contained but when they came out of the basement levels, and the staff was struck by the sun, it became more active. When the sun struck the wood of the staff the tiny buds on it unfurled into small leaves and he could feel the staff concentrating the energy of the sun. He was positive that if it weren't already full of power it would be drawing more into itself from that concentration. 
With the staff already full, a small amount of the concentrated power was simply draining off and pooling nearby. The pools were similar to those the dragons used to leave behind but far smaller and with less energy in them. Merlin was happy to have the extra power to build his reserves back up. It was only a small amount of energy but it seemed to be about the same amount a man would generate from lying in the sun.
Merlin spent the rest of the afternoon preparing himself. Over the next few hours he transferred the energy from the bone into his crystals. Some of it went to restore his own personal energy as well.
When he was done, the bone was only an empty container. His loathing of death magic led him to deconstruct the spells on the bone which allowed it to store magic. As a bonus, his deconstruction allowed him to determine how the wards were originally created. He thought he could make them himself now. He left a tiny bit of magic infused into the bone in case they were testing the items he returned. Since Anguis' removal hadn't triggered any alarms, he was sure that as long as the item tested magical at all, there would be no fuss. Assuming they were testing the returned items.
 Merlin laid down in his bed and sent out his awareness. This time he was going to thoroughly search the castle. Dieter was right in that the only thing Merlin knew about the Germans was what the Germans told him. It was time to see if they were truthful or not.
He spent the next several hours with his consciousness wandering through the research facility. Minor bits of magic let him open drawers, flip through pages, and gave him access to anywhere he wanted to look except for two areas that were heavily warded. The results were startling.
He slipped back into his body and stayed in bed, lost in thought.
Undesirables... All that means is anyone that those currently in power hate. Jews, homosexuals, political prisoners, Gypsys, and wizards that refuse to cooperate if Dieter was correct. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. From what I found they wouldn't want anyone with any sort of power to be free and not under their thumb. 
I'm confused though, they keep referring to a special treatment. They use all the prisoners for, essentially, slave labor. What other special treatment are they talking about? They say that the special treatment increases the power of the Third Reich, and even more so the power of the Schutz-Staffel.
He shook his head in confusion as his train of thought continued.
There were veiled references to increasing the occurrences of special treatment, and that doing so would provide a massive increase in their power base. I don't know what they mean by that but I've discovered enough to make my decision.
Whatever they mean, Dieter was correct when he said they were evil incarnate. I need to get out of here if possible. I should take Dieter with me, Gunter if he wants to leave as well. Perhaps we can rescue Johann and have him fly us out?
Merlin set a part of his brain to working on an escape plan for as many people as he could convince to leave. In the meanwhile he would have to continue to act normal despite his growing revulsion at the situation he found himself in.

Chapter 13
Merlin rose early and sent Anguis out. The distant laughter of the children as Anguis played with them was a balm to Merlin's soul, soothing the rawness acquired during the previous night's search. In addition, the extra power that Anguis brought back would soon be put to good use. 
Merlin had a plan. He needed to talk to Dieter and Gunter first but he was pretty sure he could get them all to the airport. From there, fighting might be involved. He had no idea of what there was for security at the airport. He didn't look for it the one occasion he was there since he was still adjusting to this new time. He thought that Gunter would know and needed to speak with him.
I've got a class to teach tonight, I'll talk to Dieter then. See if any of the other students might want to leave. He claimed he wasn't the only one that was here under coercion. 
I'll check on Gunter every now and then and see if he's in an area where I can accidentally run into him. Even here, two friends talking when they meet by chance shouldn't occasion much suspicion.
When Anguis returned, Merlin asked him to transfer the power he'd acquired. After that he headed for breakfast. When he returned to the cottage, there was a messenger boy waiting for him.
“Merlin, sir? Herr Schreiber has requested that you report to him as soon as you can.”
“I'll be along momentarily.”
“I'm to wait for you and make sure you get right in to see him.”
“Give me a minute or two lad and we'll be on our way.”
Merlin swept up the living staff. Anguis was already around his neck and the bone didn't matter now. He wanted to be sure he brought the minimum he would need to get himself free of this place in case the interview was not what he suspected it would be.
“Lead on, lad,” Merlin said.
The messenger led the way to Herr Schreiber's office, passing check points and secretary alike without a word.
“Here he is sir,” the boy said.
“Thank you. You may be dismissed until after lunch. I have some serious matters to speak of with Merlin and we should be here a while.”
“Thank you sir,” the boy said, turning to leave the office.
“Merlin...” Herr Schreiber said.
The pause after the first word drew out to the point of discomfort before he continued.
“I'm unsure how to phrase my next question. The night before last I thought I detected your presence in a matter of extreme personal importance to me. Was I simply imagining things?”
“Sir, you needn't mince words. The night before last I took it upon myself to remove a spell from your head that was slowly destroying your mind. The term we normally use for that condition is spell-ridden. I, and one of my students, removed the spell and protected you as best we could against any further instance of the same being done to you.”
“I would not be so open with my words if I were you, Merlin,” Herr Schreiber said, his eyes darting about the room.
“I will not keep my actions secret after the fact sir. What was done to you was wrong and has no justification that is acceptable to me. I feel very strongly about magic used to control people and I make no bones about it.”
“That would explain Horst's fear of you. You put the fear of God into him Merlin, or at least the fear of you. He came here to me and asked for a transfer anywhere else. The spell riding me was in control of all policy and facility decisions and immediately forced me to send out several missives asking if a man with his talents could be used.”
Herr Schreiber shook his head sadly.
“I received three offers to take him off my hands in less than two days. All of them, to my shame, from branches of the military that I once possessed a great respect for. Fortunately the spell allowed me my own personal decisions or I'm sure that it would not have allowed you to treat my lungs.”
“I was unaware of it until just recently sir, otherwise I would have attempted to remove it sooner.”
“I'm not complaining, just letting you know why you lost your student.”
“Thank you sir. Might I treat your lungs again? There is still much that can be done and I should like to take care of that while I can.”
Herr Schreiber looked at him curiously.
“Go ahead then.”
“I'll need to get close and make physical contact with you.”
Herr Schreiber gestured for Merlin to move closer.
Merlin placed his hand against the man's chest and, at the same time, moved his head close to the man's ear.
“Herr Schreiber, whoever used that spell wanted control of this facility and the wizards in it,” Merlin said softly.
Herr Schreiber's reply was equally soft.
“I was aware of that before, on some level. Now I am consciously aware of it as well. While under the spell there was much of my memory I couldn't access. Now that I know what I did while under it, I need to try to undo it.”
“Leave that to me sir. Perhaps protecting yourself would be a good idea. Your mind is mostly protected from a similar attack now but who knows what they'll try next.”
“I know already,” Herr Schreiber said before lapsing into silence.
Merlin took a minute or two to further the healing of Herr Schreiber's lungs. Then he stepped back.
“Once again sir, be sure to drink plenty of extra fluids over the next two days. You may have more of that dust to cough up as well.”
“I'll keep that in mind Merlin. Oh, and this is for you. It may make your job easier.”
Herr Schreiber handed him a sheet of paper and Merlin scanned through it.
“I may take up to five items at a time out of the vault now?”
“With what I know of you now Merlin, if you wanted to escape...”
Herr Schreiber nodded deliberately, twice, and his eyes turned to stare southwards.
“then you could do so without the items in the vault. Since you haven't done so, I'm inclined to a measure of trust.”
He coughed lightly into his hand.
“In addition, since I am to be replaced in several days, I would prefer that more discoveries be made and credited to me as opposed to my successor. Not that I have anything against the SS officer that will replace me, but there has always been an ongoing competition for prestige between the SS and the regular army.”
“Are you to be promoted then?”
“No, it seems that my superiors are aware of my recent illness...”
Herr Schreiber tapped his index finger to his temple.
“and my ongoing struggles with it. They've decided that in my current condition I am unable to run the research facility in the manner they would prefer. So I am to be retired. I'm sure they intend a permanent retirement and even if I should somehow recover I would be unable to resume my military service.”
“My condolences then sir. I was under the impression that you enjoyed your work.”
“Parts of it Merlin, parts of it. As with all jobs there are parts that are detestable.”
Herr Schreiber held another paper in his hand. He glanced at it before hesitantly extending it to Merlin.
“Here is another authorization that may increase the prestige of the regular army. There is a magical power source in the basement of this place. It's only as efficient as crystals, or nearly so. The amount of power stored in it is far more than any previous crystal, so the natural drain of energy constitutes a significant loss. You've worked with a spell that makes the storage efficiency higher, have you not?”
“Yes sir,” Merlin answered.
“Then this is an authorization to examine that storage system in hopes of increasing its efficiency. Please read it to confirm that it is what I've stated.”
Merlin unfolded the sheet of paper, to find another paper folded within it. A glance at the larger paper showed that it was the authorization Herr Schreiber spoke of. Merlin looked at Herr Schreiber to give him the confirmation he wanted but the man shook his head and pointed to the second sheet.
Merlin opened the second sheet and began to read:
'Merlin:
Destroy this message after you read it, it would be unpleasant for both of us were anyone else to see it. 
Thank you for restoring my mind to me. I'm horrified at the things I've done over the past several months. I could claim that it was whatever controlled me that did it, but it was still my voice that gave orders and my hand that signed authorizations. I believe that you are unaware of what is truly occurring in this facility and thought that you should know.
I'll have referred to a energy storage device before giving you this message. I don't know what powers it but simply being in its presence leaves me shivering and feeling filthy. I would attempt to describe it for you but I do not have the words. You'll receive authorization to view it yourself and, hopefully, you'll know what it is and what to do about it.
I'll be leaving before my replacement arrives. Should I remain, I'm sure that my wife and I would simply end in a shallow grave. I know far too much for their comfort, far too much for my sanity. You would not believe some of the things I've knowledge of. As it is, I can distance myself from parts due to being controlled, but the memories will haunt me for the rest of my life.
I am providing a means to make it easier for you to flee as well, should you desire. There will be nothing good coming out of this research center once the SS are in control of it. I was happy that you were teaching healing skills among the other, more aggressive, ones. But the SS will put a stop to that. They want weapons, not a means to help the common soldier after he's been wounded. They want armor for the elites, not a way to keep more of our youth from dying. From what I've seen, this will not sit well with you and now you are forewarned.
Erhard Schreiber...'
Merlin glanced up at Herr Schreiber. Her carefully chose his words before speaking.
“I confirm that this is authorization regarding the power source you referred to.”
The relief in Herr Schreiber's eyes showed Merlin that his thoughts were correct. The man didn't want him to increase the efficiency of the storage device. He wanted Merlin to judge whether it should be destroyed, and to do so if necessary.
“Very well then Merlin. You're dismissed and thank you again.”
Merlin turned and left the office. On his way out he ignited the personal message, destroying it as Herr Schreiber requested. The flaming paper was tossed into an open fireplace in the office before Merlin left the room. He regretted that he would soon be short an ally. Having an ally that was in charge of the facility would have been useful but he couldn't regret the man taking action to save his life and that of his wife.
Once out of the office he headed for his cottage. His guard was there when he entered.
“Herr Schreiber has increased the number of items I can remove from the vault at one time. He wants me to identify their functions more quickly and thought that it might speed things up this way,” Merlin said. 
He handed the authorization to the guard who read it and grimaced. 
“You'll be wanting to go back down to the vault then?” 
“Yes please, there are some items there that may make it easier, and quicker, for me to determine the properties of the rest of them.”
The guard led the way to the vault. Merlin scanned the items stored there. In most cases form followed function on the items whose properties he now knew. His eyes were caught by a small pin worked in the shape of a shield.
That one, he thought, it should have some protective qualities to it.
He also took a candle whose note said it originated in ancient Roman times, a silver feather covered in tiny runes, and a compass whose needle was constantly spinning.
He replaced the bone but kept the staff. The guard confirmed that he had only five items and then led the way out of the vault.
The rest of the day until dinner time was spent trying to determine the full functions of the items he chose. 
The shield was easy. There was a phrase inscribed on the back of it. When the phrase was spoken within earshot of the artifact, it created a shimmering shield against physical objects. The projected shield was, unfortunately, only the size of an average knight's shield. But the protection afforded from objects striking it was complete, as far as Merlin could determine.
This could be useful, he thought as he pinned the shield to the cuff of his shirt sleeve. 
The candle took a bit more effort. Merlin found that it could be lit and the wick would stay unburnt while flames danced upon it. The wax would not melt no matter how long it burned. He was sure that there was something else to it though. He detached a portion of his awareness to view it through non-physical eyes and was rewarded by finding a section of the candle that was subtly different. When he probed it, pressure to that section sent a ball of flame shooting in the direction the candle was pointed. In this case that was the roof. Quick action kept the roof from igniting and Merlin extinguished the candle and tucked it away.
Merlin held the compass and spared a moment for a whimsical thought. 
The spinning needle's a fine analogy for how I currently feel, buffeted from recent revelations and lost as to where to go and what to do. 
The needle steadied for just a moment before it began to spin again.
What did I do? It steadied for a bit there when I thought about being lost, he thought.
The needle continued to spin and Merlin broke down the thoughts he'd been having when it steadied. 
Buffeted, he thought.
The needle continued its crazed spin.
Revelations, left the needle spinning
Lost, Merlin began to feel dizzy from his concentration and the continually spinning needle.
Where to go, the needle steadied, pointing to the southwest. After a moment Merlin realized that it was pointing to the area where he was found by the Germans. As soon as the thought of where to go left his mind, the needle began to spin again.
So, he thought, it tells me where to go. But is that where I wish I was, where I should be, where I can do the most good? I have no idea. I hoped its purpose would be more clear to me. Herr Schreiber was also looking south when he suggested I escape though, so south it shall be.
Merlin found himself too tired to begin his study of the silver feather. Dinner would be available shortly and after that he would teach his class. He anticipated an interesting discussion with Dieter after assigning the rest of the class things to work on.
After a half hour resting in the sun, he headed to dinner. The mood in the cafeteria was less friendly than when he first arrived at the facility. A glance around showed more SS members than he remembered being here as well. He was happy to finish eating and head for his class.
Merlin entered the room to find another unpleasant surprise. Conrad, the only remaining soldier in the group after Horst left, was wearing SS tabs on his collar. Manfred and Karl were hovering close to him, obviously envious. Conrad's proud grin let Merlin know it was either voluntary or, at the very least, something he was happy about.
“Alright, tonight I want to see demonstrations on what you've worked on since our last class.”
Merlin didn't pay much attention as he went through the students and watched what they'd done. He uttered words of congratulations or advice, as needed. Until he got to Ernst. Ernst held a silver coin in his hand and Merlin's attention was caught as it began to rise into the air. At the same time, he felt a pressure in his pocket. His hand slid into his pocket as he spoke.
“Ernst, well done indeed! This is far from the other things you were working on. How did you figure this out?”
“I looked back at all the coincidental things that happened to me over the years. I tried to determine which of the categories they would fall into from those that you described. There were quite a few where the remote manipulation category fit so I started working on it after listening to you coach Karl.”
“Well done indeed. I'll note a few of my transcripts for you to read that might help. But to get to levitating a coin on your own, only by listening to another person's coaching, tells me that it may be a strength for you.”
Merlin's hand, as he spoke to Ernst, found the silver feather where he'd placed it in his pocket. It levitated in unison with the silver coin Ernst was using to demonstrate. It did so forcefully enough that Merlin needed to use his own magic to keep it from rising out of his pocket and dragging his hand along for the ride.
“Very well done indeed,” Merlin said before moving on to Anselm.
“Have you advanced at all Anselm?”
Anselm walked to the window and threw it open. He began speaking with his back to Merlin.
“I'm more of a night owl myself so I do most of my practicing at night. When I noticed this fellow flying around outside I discovered that I could not only make humans trust me, but animals as well.”
Anselm turned around, a long-eared owl perched on his wrist. He reached out and scratched the owl's head, between its ears.
“I don't know if it's advancement or not since it's still based on the trust I can create. But it's interesting to me at least.”
“Well done Anselm. You might consider trying to communicate with your owl. If you can engender trust in it, then your mind can already reach its mind. If you establish communication with it, you can ask permission to fly with it. Some of my fondest memories are of flying in the mind of my owl. Their perceptions are different of course, but you get used to that.”
Merlin sent out the tiniest thread of awareness that he could and asked the owl for permission to stroke its feathers. The owl's head swiveled up, staring at Merlin's face. He reached forward and scratched it between the ears in the same location as Anselm.
“A fine beast, intelligent also. It responded right away when I asked its permission to touch it. So your task now will be to establish communication with it. I'll get you a list of the appropriate transcripts,” Merlin said.
Dieter looked at Merlin as he gestured to the corner of the room they used for speaking to one another. The two men sat down and Merlin began speaking immediately after willing a shield into existence that would distort their words to anyone listening.
“You were entirely correct. I know more of the Germans now and like less of what I know. I'll be leaving soon. You'll want to leave also, whether you accompany me or not. Herr Schreiber has informed me that, by next week, the research facility will be headed by an SS officer.”
“Herr Schreiber informed you?”
“He was rather grateful. Both for my healing of his lungs and for our removal of the spell riding him. He'll be leaving himself, if he hasn't already. He fears for his life.”
“Merlin, why the sudden change?”
“As you suggested, I didn't know much about the Germans. I thought there was time to learn about them but with everything that's happened around me these last few weeks? I was uncomfortable making decisions without any knowledge to back them up. I went searching for the knowledge, found it, and made my decision. I'll be leaving.”
“Just that? Just leaving?”
“I don't know yet. I now have authorization to view the main reason this place is here. I also have a tacit request to destroy it if that's what I feel necessary. I'll be looking at it tomorrow.”
“What is it?”
“I don't know exactly, just that it's some sort of energy storage device. It's somehow related to the Undesirables from what I discovered. Oh yes, I know what Undesirables means now also. Essentially it's anyone those at the highest levels of authority don't like, or disapprove of.”
“Okay, I'll believe you did that research now. How exactly are you supposed to destroy it on your own?”
“I don't know what it is and I don't know if I can destroy it, either on my own or with assistance. Herr Schreiber just assumed that I'd be able to.”
Dieter chuckled with a morbid humor.
“That's the problem with being a living legend. People assume you're willing to do legendary things. Whether you can or not.”
Merlin nodded wearily.
“That's about the gist of it.”
Dieter's eyes widened as he looked over Merlin's shoulder. Merlin turned to find Conrad, Manfred, and Karl staring at him. 
“Dieter, over with Anselm and Ernst,” Merlin snapped.
Manfred's hands were alive with flames. As Merlin spoke, Manfred launched the flames at him. Merlin immediately strengthened his shield against magic. The flames struck it and passed through. An inch beyond the shield, they flickered and went out.
Merlin concentrated on a lamp and a gesture brought the flames swirling out. The swirling flames surrounded Manfred, leaving him just enough room to remain unburned if he didn't move.
“Manfred, what do you think keeps your flames alive? A shield that blocks magic removes the fuel from the fire and it's extinguished.”
Merlin stopped speaking as Conrad charged him. The student's fists were closed and the veins in his arms bulged out from beneath the skin. Merlin recognized the signs that Conrad had increased his strength tremendously.
“Contego,” Merlin said.
A shimmer appeared on the arm the shield pin was attached to. Conrad's forward rush ended with a punch that could have gone through a stone wall. Merlin moved his shimmering shield to block the punch and Conrad screamed as his hand shattered on the magical shield. Merlin was forced back an inch or two even though the shield absorbed most of the blow.
“I'll heal that for you tomorrow if you like,” Merlin said, “Overnight you can consider the wisdom of trying to attack a prepared wizard physically.”
Merlin's eyes darted up to find Karl. Karl's eyes were slits, whatever he was doing required all of his concentration. 
He's been working on remote manipulation recently, Merlin thought, that's probably what he's doing.
Merlin glanced all around himself. When he saw nothing out of the ordinary, he looked up. Above him, a rope was lowering itself towards him, the end tied into a noose.
A moment's thought and the rope flared into flame. Ashes rained down over Merlin's corner of the room. He glanced at Karl again and saw a look of panic on the student's face. A brief glance with his Sight showed Merlin what he expected to see.
“Karl, I warned you repeatedly. You really need to make your shields in a sphere, not a circle,” Merlin said.
Merlin followed his words by launching Conrad and Manfred into the air, over the top of Karl's shield. Merlin removed the flames before launching Manfred since he wanted to teach them a lesson, not kill them. The two briefly flying students landed on Karl, and the three men fell into a pile on the floor. 
“Guards,” Merlin shouted, “I need you.”
The two guards burst through the door, looking around the room.
“These three of my students just tried to attack me. I recommend you detain them and ask Herr Schreiber what he would like done with them. I'll send him a message in the morning detailing what occurred here.”
“Yes sir,” one of the guards said, “Alright you three. Get up. You're coming with us.”
“I would recommend you bind Manfred's hands, he can be dangerous with them. Conrad may need a doctor to look at his hand as well.”
Merlin turned to face the three students who were just straggling to their feet.
“Don't give these guards any trouble. If you do, I'll be the one who gets called and you won't like what is done with rogue wizards,” he said.
After the guards escorted the three prisoners out the door, Merlin turned to his remaining three students. 
“I thought that might happen sooner or later. Thank you for the warning Dieter.”
“I didn't say anything, you reacted as soon as I figured out what was happening,” Dieter said.
“You showed me that there was something that needed my attention behind me. That helped a great deal, so thank you.”
Dieter nodded curtly in acknowledgment.
“Now, where was I?” Merlin asked, “Oh yes, suggested reading for you to further your skills.”
Merlin handed out the recommended areas of the transcripts for his remaining students to study, then he returned to his cottage.

Chapter 14
My evening isn't over yet, Merlin thought. If I'm leaving this place soon, I want to find out what happened to Nimue first. I'm sure the only record of that is here in her journals.
Merlin sat back and sent out his awareness. He entered the warded room where the journals were kept. There were different books under the glass cases now but when he advanced to the first he could see that it was still Nimue's writing.
He turned the pages with his mind gingerly, trying to keep the brittle paper from powdering. 
I don't care if the books are damaged so they can't use them, but I want to read both sides of each page and I can't do that if they fall apart, he thought.
The first journal he looked at was new to him. Evidently they'd finished transcribing the last one he viewed and started a new one.
'A hundred and thirty years and Merlin is still a statue. I begin to believe that he will never return to me. I have a plan that will take years to finish but which gives me a chance to fulfill the conditions of his spell.'
Merlin skimmed most of the entries. They referred to people who were born after he fell into his enchanted sleep and meant little to him. He paused to fully read the entries where Nimue put her thoughts and feelings on paper. One portion wounded him to the quick even though he knew there were good reasons.
'I've taken a lover. I won't marry him even though he has asked me to repeatedly. I know better than that. I've moved out of Merlin's cottage and out of the area. Merlin warned me that we would live longer than others. That we would outlive friends and lovers who were not wizards. So I'll return to the cottage when my lover dies. Merlin has left me alone for so many years. I'll take what comfort I can in the ten or twenty remaining to my lover and then return to the cottage for a while.'
Merlin felt ashamed as he skipped most of the following entries until Nimue's lover died sixteen years later. When she returned to Merlin's cottage after her lover's death, it seemed that she was in a better mood regarding him.
'I'm ready to finish the spell that may break Merlin's enchantment. Thierry was a wonderful man, but knowing that he would die long before I would stopped me from loving him as strongly as I might have otherwise. He deserved better but always insisted that he was fortunate that I felt about him as I did. All that despite my telling him that he deserved more than I could give.'
She was trying to bring me back, Merlin thought, I wish she had succeeded.
He continued skimming the journal. In an entry made nearly a year later he found what he was after.
'My creation is done. It is a statue of a dragon. Much smaller then the living ones but perfectly to detail from how I remember them. The day the dragon was killed trying to help me I saved some of his blood. I put a small amount of it in a stasis spell. The largest stasis I could create only held a few drops. I infused the living blood into the statue and have animated it. It should even be able to fly. My hope is that my creation flying in the skies above Merlin's cave will be sufficient to fulfill the conditions of his spell. The appearance is correct and the essence should be fulfilled by the drops of living blood. Tomorrow I will release my dragon to fly the skies above Merlin's cave.'
He eagerly looked at the next entry.
'For some reason my creation did not break the spell on Merlin. The creature is self-willed and friendly though. Perhaps he'll be good company for me. Someone that will neither age nor die. I shall name him after the dragons, in the Latin that could be Anguis. It seems a suitable name for him.'
Anguis? Is this the same Anguis? Merlin thought.
Anguis, hearing Merlin thinking his name, woke and pulsed about the neck of Merlin's body. Merlin felt his awareness snapped back to his physical being from the shock of the entry combined with the physical stimulation.
{Anguis? Do you know who made you?} Merlin asked.
A picture of a youngish looking woman, by Merlin's standards, appeared in his mind. Despite the smudges on her face and the dirtied hands Merlin recognized her immediately. Nimue had blossomed from a beautiful youth into an even more beautiful woman.
He knew the smudges and dirt were from concentrating on a project to the exclusion of all else. In this case, he assumed it was Anguis' creation. He'd seen her in a similar state before when she was much younger. If he gave her a task, she focused on it utterly until it was complete. Frequently she would realize what she looked like when she finished and immediately clean herself up. Merlin was always amused when it occurred though. Each time it was as though she forgot that the same thing occurred previously.
{Were you with Nimue for long?} Merlin asked.
A series of pictures of Nimue flashed through Merlin's mind. Each one was different, sometimes subtly and sometimes drastically. Nimue remained unchanging in her physical appearance throughout. The clothing and hairstyles changed but she didn't appear to age. There was no sense of time to the pictures either.
{Anguis, do you understand time?}
A helpless confusion was the only answer Merlin received. When he gave it a moment's thought he wasn't surprised. A creature as simple as Anguis, whose lifespan could possibly last forever, wouldn't have a very good grasp of time as people used it. Due to his excitement Merlin hadn't considered that when he asked his question.
His thoughts were in a turmoil and Anguis tried to soothe him, to no avail. He lay down on his bed, wondering how he might ask Anguis all the questions he wanted answered about Nimue. 
What would the little dragon understand? Merlin thought, How could he make his answers known to me. To be so close to knowing exactly what happened to her and not know how to ask for the information in a way Anguis could answer is intolerable. If I don't find out from her journals, I'll devise a way for Anguis to tell me. I don't know how, but I will. Tomorrow night, I'll go back and read more tomorrow night.
He tried to relax and allow Anguis to soothe him to the point where he could sleep. At some point in the night he was successful because when he became aware again, sunlight was streaming in through the window.
Merlin reviewed his plans for the day. He needed to determine exactly what activated the feather. He needed to view the energy storage device and decide its fate. After dark he would return to the room with the journals and read more about Nimue's life. There was some spare time in his schedule, so he might be able to find Gunter and speak with him. There were sure to be other things that popped up over the course of the day though, at least it seemed there always were.
He sat down and wrote out his account of the altercation with the students the night before. 
I'll find a messenger to deliver it right after breakfast, Merlin thought.
He took care of breakfast next. His energy wasn't dangerously low any more but he wanted to continue to build it up. He might well need it in the days ahead. When breakfast was over he walked over to the administrative section and found the young messenger he dealt with previously. The boy took Merlin's report and promised to deliver it immediately. Then Merlin returned to his cottage to test the feather. 
The silver feather was exceedingly easy to levitate and, he discovered, it could lift a good bit of weight along with itself. He only needed to hold an image of it in his mind and then change the image to one of the feather floating. When he fed it a trickle of energy while doing so the feather barely hesitated, even when he placed it under the table with himself on top of it. He was floating atop the table, several feet above the ground, when the guard arrived, knocked once, and walked in.
“Sir...” the guard said, seemingly at a loss for words.
Merlin visualized the feather lowering to the floor again. Once the table legs were solidly on the floor he slid off and recovered the feather.
“Surely you know what my task here is?” Merlin asked.
“Yes sir, I hadn't actually seen much of anything that I would call magic yet though.”
“Well, now you have,” Merlin said, “We'll need to make a different trip today. Herr Schreiber has asked if I can examine an energy storage device here at the castle. I have a ward that may cause it to be more efficient in retaining its energy and he wants me to see if I can add it to the device. Here is the authorization.”
Merlin held out the authorization regarding the device that he was given the day before. The guard scanned it.
“That area is highly restricted.”
“Is Herr Schreiber not in charge of the facility? Do you wish the device to be less effective than it could be? What does it matter to me? I've been given a task and if you will not assist me in it, as you were instructed to, then you can just leave and I'll request a guard who follows orders.”
The guard paled.
“I can't take you into that location.”
“Why not?”
“There are other guards there. They won't allow me to pass.”
“They will allow me to pass, no? With that authorization in hand? What would you do with the device anyhow? So far as I've been able to determine you know nothing at all about magic.”
Merlin allowed a hint of scorn into his voice as he berated the man. Once again he was trying to emulate the command tone that Gunter used. The guard's response was to flush and instinctively stand at attention.
“Yes sir,” was the only reply the guard made. Then he turned and led the way out of the cottage.
The guard went to a different area in the underground section of the research facility. At the bottom of the stairs he stopped and stepped to the side. Merlin continued forward to find four men in SS uniforms watching him intently. He handed them his authorization and waited as they carefully read it.
“This is the wizard they said might be able to improve it,” one guard said.
“He's on the list then?” another asked.
“ He's on the tentative list. I think that his authorization papers move him to the full list, no?”
“They are signed by Herr Schreiber though.”
“He's still in charge for two more days. All seems to be in order.”
One guard turned to Merlin.
“You may pass, but your man there will need to stay out here.”
Merlin spoke in a haughty tone.
“He is not my man. He is a guard assigned to assist me.”
“Either way, he stays out here.”
“If he must then.”
Merlin passed through the checkpoint and approached the door he was directed to. He realized that the room was warded when he was halfway to the door. It was one of the wards that he'd been unable to breach and fearful to try since he sensed some of the mad dragon's magic in it. He slipped a portion of his awareness out to view the ward.
It's vaguely similar to the one from the book room. This one is intentionally set to break when the door is opened. It will also reset if the door is closed. I must remember to leave it open when I enter. But a part of the ward is reversed. It's designed to contain something as well as prevent access to it. I wonder how dangerous leaving the door open would be?
Merlin raised his shields, both physical and mental. Then he stepped forward and placed his hand on the knob. He shivered as he was filled with a sense of foreboding but turned the knob anyhow. The door opened and he stared into the room.
Darkness greeted his eyes. The room was large and the ward precluded the use of electric lights within it. He drew the sun crystal out of his pocket and entered the room. The light of the sun stored in the crystal drove the darkness back but not as far as he expected. What he could see at the moment was simply a bare stone floor. The ceiling loomed far overhead, nearly invisible in the gloom.
He heard the sound of steps in the hallway. The door closed behind him with a click that sounded as loud as thunder in the darkened room. His mind continued to analyze things despite a momentary surge of panic.
No echo. If the room is all stone then there should have been an echo from the sound of the door latching. Something must have muted it.
He moved farther into the room, trying to make out anything past the light of his crystal. His piercing gaze traveled to what he thought were the corners of the room. In the last one he checked there was a hint of sullen purple light.
Merlin headed for the purple light. The first thing he noticed was that the closer he got, the more his sun crystal dimmed. Before he was halfway there his crystal was only illuminating out to the distance a long step would take him. As he continued moving his light was pressed further back, finally stopping at the distance his arm would reach stretched out in front of him.
The purple glow grew brighter as he approached. When he finally saw what contained it, his breath caught in his throat.
That's the largest crystal I've ever seen. Taller than a tall man and so large around that if I dared wrap my arms around it, my hands wouldn't touch one another, he thought.
Merlin wouldn't dare try to touch the thing though. It's sullen purple glow hinted of anger, fury, and despair. The glow was obscured on a frequent basis by shapes writhing around within the crystal itself.
His mind noted things that his consciousness was distracted from. In front of the crystal were four square sections that differed from the rest of the floor. A small mechanism in front of each looked as though it would raise those patches. Above the different patches were sections of crystal protruding from the whole. They looked as though someone had reached into the crystal and drawn out a filament of it, twisting as they pulled.
Merlin also noted that the shapes swirling about within the crystal moved to the other side of it when the light from his smaller crystal touched them.
I need to know what they are. I need to know what this thing is and does, he thought.
He slid the crystal, glowing with accumulated sunlight, into his pocket. The darkness closed in.
The purple glow intensified in response to the removal of the sunlight. In the area around the crystal there was as much light as you might find on a starry night with no moon. It was sufficient to see, but barely. Whatever was moving within the crystal picked up its pace, its movements creating a slight strobing of the purple light.
Merlin noted all this in the moment after the sunlight disappeared, just before his mental shields were hammered by a surge of emotions beyond his comprehension. Fear, agony, despair, hatred, and more slammed against his shield like the waves of an angry ocean trying to devour the footings of a sea-side cliff.
Merlin staggered, his shields insufficient to protect him from the onslaught. His mind was taken by memories not his own.
* * *
He was a Gypsy in his campsite near an open field. The pickings were grand this past month since the warning that the Rom should leave Germany. This last town was different though. They weren't happy to see the caravan like the others were and there was an undercurrent of fear and anger running through the town.
Tomorrow we leave this Gods forsaken country. Perhaps the elders knew what they were doing when they told us all to leave, he thought.
Gunfire shattered the still peace of the night and answering cries of pain assaulted the silence when it tried to resume. His people were herded, or in some cases dragged, into the light of the fire.
The SS soldiers walked amidst his people, looking at them as though they were less than human, as though they were goods on display in the market. Then they grabbed several of the young women and began to drag them out into the darkness. Three of his young men responded by trying to rescue the women. More gunshots drowned out the quiet weeping of his people.
“Look, more prisoners shot while trying to escape,” a soldier commented.
* * *
He was a tailor in his shop. When the SS soldiers came in he tried to be cooperative.
“Here are my papers, sirs. I'm also wearing my star as I'm supposed to.”
Not that you care, you beasts. But I'll follow your rules for now, he thought.
“Filthy Jew, we've got somewhere else for you to live, away from respectable folk. We've already got your wife and children. You'll find them there, if you're lucky.”
They beat him and dragged him from his shop. He was tossed into a truck and carted to the ghetto. The buildings were full to bursting already but they still tossed him into the street with a warning.
“You try to come out of the ghetto you'll be shot. Your family might be here someplace, go look for them.”
* * *
He was a gay man...
She was another Gypsy...
He was a political dissident...
She was another Jew...
He was a cripple...
It went on and on, until Merlin began to crack under the strain. Then, finally...
He was an older man, a wizard in fact. Merlin could feel a sense of his own self bleeding through this memory. His own identity was reacting instinctively, trying to assert itself. He'd swear the wizard was fighting to aid him and succeeding.
Merlin was himself, no longer the older wizard. But he was trapped watching what occurred as opposed to experiencing it now.
The wizard was shepherded along as part of a group of fifty individuals.
“We'll have you clean in a bit, then you can get to work,” a voice called out.
They were all led into a room. Pipes ran the length of the walls with spigots at regular intervals. As the door closed, the wizard heard someone say.
“This is only a smaller prototype facility. The final version will be many times larger.”
The door closed with a thump and a hiss. After a moment he heard something running in the pipes on the walls. Instead of water, a vapor misted out of the pipes. The older man choked and gagged, his throat burning. Then everything went black. 
Merlin was still watching as the older man woke again, this time in a tiny box, with many other people. There was no room for them all but at the same time it was apparent that there was. When the older wizard tried to move, he discovered that he might be in this box, but his body wasn't.
An indeterminable amount of time passed and the man felt himself drawn out of the box. A purple glow beckoned and he went to investigate. The older wizard knew he was dead now and that he was only a spirit, yet the purple glow offered a semblance of life. Emotions emanated from it but not those he would choose to feel. Hatred, envy, greed... all of the negative emotions of life could be experienced by bathing in the purple light. But none of the positive ones were there.
Merlin could feel that the man's memories of love, life, and happiness were fading. The purple glow was slowly eroding them away, replacing them with their negative counterparts. 
* * *
With the detachment offered by the older wizard, Merlin split his awareness. The memories were allowed their freedom within one portion while the other worked. 
There was no need for a physical shield here, so Merlin dropped it. He took that energy and fed it to his mental shields. The intensity of the memories lessened and he regained a portion of control over his body. His hand slid into his pocket and grasped the sun crystal. The intensity lessened more. When he withdrew the small crystal and sunlight struck the larger one again, the onslaught ceased. He could feel that there was someone or something patiently waiting outside his mental shield. He was certain that it wanted to communicate but he was wary of lowering his shield so that it could.
He came back to full control of himself to find that he was on his knees, one hand clasping his forehead. He rose to his feet unsteadily and concentrated on the presence outside of his shield. He swore that it was basking in the sunlight from his crystal. With that being the case he felt safer initiating contact.
He lowered a portion of his shield and sent a tendril of thought out. It was contacted immediately.
{Another wizard, just what I needed.}
{Who are you?} Merlin sent.
{No-one now. Once, an eternity ago, I was known as Plamen and respected by the Rom for my powers.}
{Are you the one that helped me break free of the memories?}
{I could feel you weakening and thought to aid you, yes.}
{Why?}
{I am Plamen. I have not forgotten life yet as many of these others have. I can still withstand your sunlight. I stand and bask in it, feeling it warm me and strengthen my memories of love and life. I could not do otherwise.}
{Well Plamen, what are we to do? This thing is an abomination and needs to be destroyed. The spirits of those within need to be released to their fates.}
{Were I still living I would aid you in the endeavor.}
Merlin considered for a moment.
{Would you aid me if we found a way?}
{I would. But, strange as this may seem, simply destroying the crystal will not achieve your objective. The energy must be used from it first.}
{I know that. I've long held a theory that death magic retains a portion of the individual within it.}
{Your theory is now proven. I can verify it. Who are you, that I might know who I work with?}
{My name is Merlin.}
{Named after a great wizard of old. It is a powerful name.}
{No, actually I am a wizard of old.}
{You claim to be The Merlin?}
{I claim that I am Merlin, it is not a title, simply my name.}
{Let me verify this.}
Merlin considered carefully, he felt no ill-will from the shade, only a desire to cooperate. He lowered his mental shield all the way.
In his mind, he now held the image of a man. A swarthy skinned, black haired rogue wearing flamboyant silks in orange, red, and bronze. Plamen spoke to him.
{I see, an unfortunate mishap cost you centuries. Yet you still live and are youthful.}
{Another unfortunate mishap in my youth has extended my life beyond that of most wizards.}
{I can see the memory you speak of. That may also explain your Nimue's obsession with dragons.}
{My Nimue? You know of her?}
{I met her once, a long time ago. Perhaps two hundred years. My sense of time is now skewed by death. Everything is now for me, there is no past and no present. Simply now.}
{Then you know what we shall plan?}
{Not until we have planned it.} Plamen sent.
I'm confused, if all times are now to Plamen, shouldn't he know what we're going to do?
{I do not understand, Plamen.} Merlin sent.
{There are many futures and all are one and none the same. Which plan would you like to know of, there are millions that we have made and shall make. Some successful, some not. It is enough to drive even a wizard insane if you try to think of it too much.}
{Divergent futures, divergent time streams.} Merlin sent.
{So, even in your day you had such theories?}
{Yes, we won't go into it though. We've no time.}
{Better to say that you have no time, I have an eternity.}
Merlin shook his head.
{If we are to release the shades in this crystal, yourself included, and destroy it, there is little time for all of us.}
{As may be. What do you wish of me?} Plamen sent.
{Your name, it means flame or fire. Do your skills have any reflection upon that?}
{They did.}
{Are you familiar with what happens when a fire burns in an enclosed area?}
{It either dies or the enclosed area is enclosed no more since it will rupture.}
{Would it be possible to use the energy in the crystal to cause such a thing to occur to the crystal?} Merlin asked.
{Possibly, but there is far more energy contained than needed for that. Should the crystal be shattered before all the energy is used, those shades will become free. They will have access to the power that they are and would wreak havoc on the living before fading away.}
{Is that their plan for the crystal? To move it somewhere and loose the shades?}
{Eventually, but first they'll use the power it contains for themselves.} Plamen replied.
{So, we need a purpose for far more energy than it would take to shatter the crystal. How much more?}
{Thousands of times over. There are many a shade here. We number in the tens of thousands.}
Merlin blanched. The amount of death magic generated by even a hundred deaths dwarfed what he currently had within him. The bone had contained the energy of perhaps fifty deaths only. He'd need to use that energy up as soon as he could in order to release the fragments of people trapped within it. Perhaps, two birds with one stone.
{Do you know the crystal well?} Merlin asked.
{Yes.}
{There must be a way to funnel the energy out of it.}
{They tap it like a normal crystal.}
Merlin shuddered at the thought of his mind in contact with that mass of death magic.
{Can you do so?}
{Alas, there is no life to me. I cannot work magic without it.}
{Would you be willing to take on a brief semblance of life in order to do so? In order to destroy both the crystal and the occult research facility it is housed in? I think there should be enough energy to achieve both. It will mean your final death though, no more of this half life.}
{I would. It would be one last pleasure for me.} Plamen sent.
{I must go now. My time is limited even if yours is not. I'll return with the means for our plan as quickly as I may.}
Merlin broke contact with Plamen. He left the chamber, keeping his sun crystal out as he did so. When he passed the guards in the hallway, he heard them muttering behind him.
“The cocky one seems to still be sane. Maybe he really is a wizard.”
Without turning he spoke.
“Wizards, at least some of us, have exceptional hearing. You might be more cautious about what you say in our presence.”
He turned to find one of the guards staring at him in shock.
“Why do they insist on recruiting morons to your allegedly elite SS? You'd think they'd do better to recruit based on intelligence. Especially for those with a sensitive position such as this. What is your name guard? You'll be reported for this.”
Merlin had no real intention of reporting the man but he did want to establish his authority over the guards in case he was unable to complete his plans before Herr Schreiber's replacement arrived.
“Voigt, sir,” the guard answered.
“Voigt, I'll remember that. Keep your comments to yourself in the future.”
“Yes, sir.”
Merlin turned to the stairs, his guard falling in behind him.
“Why exactly do they recruit people who know nothing of magic, and some who don't even believe that it exists, to work at a research facility for it? They would be helpless against someone who knows magic, with no way to defend themselves against it,” Merlin said.
“I don't know sir,” his guard answered.
“Sorry, that was a rhetorical question. I seem to be acquiring the habit of talking to myself.”
“Yes sir.”
Merlin noted that the guard was showing him a good deal more respect than in the past. Whether it was the attitude Merlin was culturing to deal with the SS, who only seemed to respect those that appeared authoritative, or his eyewitness evidence of Merlin performing magic earlier in the day that caused it Merlin didn't know. He did know that he'd use it to his best advantage.
The two men returned to Merlin's cottage. Despite feeling that he spent days in the crystal room, it was still before lunch time. Merlin began to gather the items that he needed for his plan.
As he gathered them his mind wandered. 
So, Plamen knew Nimue a few centuries ago. She must've been long-lived even for a wizard. If only I had lived it with her, he thought.
I'll go back to her journals tonight and see what else I need. It isn't necessary to make as durable a construct as Anguis, so it should be quicker and easier. A day, two at most. Then, if Plamen can handle magic in it, we can remove that canker shortly after and take this facility with it to ensure that any attempts at duplicating the crystal are set back.
I'll need to find a way to warn off the innocents though, and I have just the idea. My memories of that crystal can be fed to their dreams. I'll tie the memories to the research facility. If I can make them intense enough then anyone who doesn't know what's really going on here, and anyone that disapproves of what is going on, will find a reason to be elsewhere.
As Merlin waited for lunch he went over his plans.
I need to project my memories complete with emotions. I'm going to need a lot of power to cover the entire area though. Probably I'll end up draining my crystals again but that's acceptable, that will release all the death magic I have and let the fragments of people remaining go free.
Anguis pulsed around his neck and then a picture formed in Merlin's mind.
Nimue sat in his cottage, weeping. He couldn't hear her but he saw her lips form his name several times. He was struck by an overwhelming sense of sadness as he watched. His physical sight began to shimmer with unformed tears. The picture disappeared from Merlin's mind and the sorrow abruptly ceased.
{Anguis, you can project emotions as well?}
The little dragon uncoiled from Merlin's neck and shifted to his normal form. He looked Merlin in the face, stretched his neck straight up, and nodded.
Another picture formed in Merlin's mind. One of his crystals, full of power, sitting next to Anguis.
{You can do all three nights on the power stored in a single crystal?}
Anguis nodded again.
{Thank you Anguis, that will make my job much easier if I have the power from the other crystals to work with.}
Anguis launched himself to Merlin's shoulder and rubbed his head on the wizard's cheek.
* * *
Merlin headed for lunch. With the amount of magic he'd be using in the next few days, he needed all the fuel he could get, be it physical or magical. When he returned he paced for a while, reviewing what he knew and what he intended. As he thought through his plans he realized a gaping hole remained.
Gunter. What am I to do about him? If he stays and they know this is my doing, and how could they not, then what will happen to him? He's already under surveillance and he's expressed doubts about his superiors. I need to see if he wants to go with me. I think Dieter will but I don't know about Gunter.
Merlin settled into a chair and relaxed. He sent out a portion of his thoughts to try to locate Gunter.
Gunter was in the building he and Merlin stopped at before their first visit to the bar. Merlin was loathe to invade the man's privacy but time was short. The dreams would begin tonight.
{Gunter}
Merlin could tell that Gunter heard him and got the sense that Gunter was looking around to see who was calling him.
{Gunter, this is Merlin. I'm speaking to your mind.}
Gunter's mind raced and Merlin was loathe to step into his inner thoughts.
{Think your thoughts as though you were about to speak them. Then just don't speak. I'll hear you.}
{Merlin? What is this?}
{I'm speaking to you mind to mind. It's a matter of urgency or I wouldn't be doing so. I haven't tried to go any deeper than the surface of your thoughts which is why you need to frame them for me to hear them.}
{You're a frightening man sometimes Merlin. What's so urgent that you would invade my head?}
{Gunter, I will be leaving this place in several days. At my own behest. The facility is being turned over to the SS. Herr Schreiber himself informed me of that. I wanted to know if you would join me in my departure. As of yet, all I know is that I'll be traveling south.}
{South? Towards the enemy?}
{Whose enemy Gunter? The enemy of those people that you now doubt and fear? Are they still your enemy in that case? I simply know that I should travel south. Two sources have suggested that to me. I will listen to those recommendations, at least initially.}
{How can I leave? I made oaths to this army.}
Merlin's patience was wearing thin. There was much to do and convincing Gunter was not on his list.
{Gunter, what I am about to show you is from something in this facility. They are causing these things to happen. I cannot allow them to continue, and I cannot stay in a country that would do such things.}
Merlin sent, in a single heartbeat, all the memories he'd been subjected to from the crystal. He waited a few moments for Gunter to absorb them.
{That is what the army you made your oaths to is doing. Why would the dead lie to me? You can be sure that those whose memories you just experienced are dead. Their energies, and fragments of their lives, are stored in this facility to be used as some sort of weapon.}
Merlin could sense Gunter's nausea through the link. It was strong enough that it pushed all conscious thought out of the man for a moment. Merlin felt him regain control with an effort of will.
{You will swear to me that what you just showed me is true?}
{You can feel my thoughts Gunter, am I lying to you?}
{No, no you aren't.}
A feeling of dismay swept back through the link, followed closely by one of despair.
{This is what I've been bringing people to?}
{No, the ones you brought are probably still alive. There are thousands experiencing what I showed you. Some of them are no longer themselves and have no memories remaining. I fear that only the strong willed or those recently slain for their energies retain their memories.}
A slight feeling of relief ran through Gunter.
{I will consider it.}
{The next three nights will allow all those who work in the facility to experience what is going on there in their dreams. I hope that the innocent will flee because of that. Then you will need to give me a decision for I'll be leaving.}
Merlin could feel the curiosity engendered in Gunter from his statement. The man didn't ask about it though.
{You shall have my answer by then. How can I get word to you?}
{I shall contact you again tomorrow or at least at some point before I leave. If you wish to depart, we'll be leaving three nights hence.}
Even as he broke the link with Gunter, Merlin could feel him thinking about leaving. The thoughts were strong enough in Gunter's mind that they were almost projected in the same manner as their mental conversation.
Merlin napped until dinner. He'd be up all night scouring Nimue's journals for any more details included from Anguis' creation. Anguis would handle the dreams but Merlin felt that he should be available to the little dragon for a while, just in case something went wrong.
The guard woke Merlin just before dinner, as requested. When he did, he had a letter in his hand.
“This was delivered while you were asleep. I accepted it from the messenger and promised to give it to you as soon as you woke.”
He accepted the letter and placed it in his pocket.
“Thank you. I won't be going to the vault today at all, if you'd like to be on your way. Probably not tomorrow either as my efforts are focused on the piece I'm creating. Herr Schreiber asked if I could adjust the project in the basement. I need to test a few things out before I actually work on that project directly.”
“I must remain here.”
“I understand, I just thought I'd let you know. I'm off to dinner now, then I'll be back here to work on my tests.”

Chapter 15
Merlin tinkered on his creation until full darkness. Then he settled in to study Nimue's journals remotely. Even though he desperately wanted to know how her life had gone, he restricted himself to studying the technical entries regarding her creation of Anguis.
He still wasn't tired when he was done, his earlier nap was long enough that he was still wide awake. Anguis was ready to start his task so Merlin withdrew one of the crystals from his pocket. The letter he received earlier came out with it. He placed the crystal on the table and Anguis hopped up onto it, his claws wrapping around it as though it were perch.
{Anguis, here is what must be in their dreams.}
Merlin sent a stream of pictures and emotions to the little dragon. They started with the research facility as seen from the outside. As the facility drew closer, a feeling of unease surfaced and grew. The visual portion of the dream moved inside the research facility and the sense of unease grew to one of madness. 
Merlin guided Anguis' efforts so that certain areas of the castle showed in the dream. Feelings of cruelty, madness, and pain were associated with the visuals. The room the crystal was in figured prominently, shown from the outside. The area that was warded with magic heavily contaminated by the mad dragon was shown, also from the outside. 
The dream moved away from the facility and the negative feelings faded. Once the research facility was out of sight, a pleasant sense of relief pervaded the dream.
{Now Anguis, do you remember the whole thing?}
The little dragon nodded.
{Send it out over and over until daybreak.}
Merlin found himself still holding the letter. He glanced down at it and noticed that the handwriting was Herr Schreiber's. He opened it and read.
'Merlin:
By the time you receive this, my wife and I will be gone. I must offer my thanks again and my good wishes for your own continued health. 
The students that attacked you are locked up but I doubt they will stay that way after I am gone. Beware of them, they'll be on good behavior until they think they can best you.
In return for the things you've done for me, I will impart some information to you. You are, I'm sure, aware that the facility holds the journals of both you and your student, Nimue. What you may not know is that they are more extensive than your students have been made aware of by the transcripts. If you can somehow manage to find the journals, and I think you're fully capable of that, then look for the most recent ones. Read them thoroughly and check the dates.
Sincerely...
Erhard Schreiber...'
Merlin reread the message a second time and then, with a thought, ignited it. He tossed the burning letter into the fireplace and pondered the information.
He obviously regarded the information he was giving me to be of great importance. He thought it was something I'd find valuable. I'll go and look again tomorrow night. I have two more nights to scan the journals, if I work quickly I can make it through all of them.
Merlin checked with Anguis but the little dragon was performing perfectly.
{I'm going to sleep, Anguis. If you need me for whatever reason, go ahead and wake me.}
Merlin settled into bed but it took him a while to fall asleep. He was already used to Anguis soothing his emotions when he tried to rest and the little dragon's task this evening prevented him from doing so.
* * *
Tempers were short the next morning. Anyone who was quartered in the research facility seemed to be on a short fuse. Those who lived in buildings nearby weren't as bad but still seemed to have received part of the dreams. The few who lived in the nearby town but worked in the facility were fine.
After breakfast Merlin spoke to Anguis, who remained on the table.
{Well done Anguis. Do you need to rest?}
A picture of the little dragon flying about and playing with children flashed through Merlin's mind.
{Go ahead then. I just don't want you to wear yourself out.}
The dragon made an audible snort and launched itself through the door when Merlin opened it for him.
Merlin sat down and began to build the construct for Plamen. It wouldn't have to last long so he could make his in a day where Nimue had spent a year or more constructing Anguis. Since the construct would be destroyed shortly he simply needed to make sure it was functional. His pride ensured that it would also be well made but he wouldn't waste the effort to make it more durable than necessary.
The essence of the construct was to mimic a person on a smaller scale. He used one of the crystals filled with death magic for the torso, that would provide any energies needed for the construct. The limbs were all made from materials that were alive. A small enchantment kept the materials living for a week or more despite being severed from their roots. That was longer than the construct needed to exist, so it should be safe. 
The final spell would infuse the construct with the essence of a wizard, ensuring that Plamen would be able to manipulate magical energies from within it. That essence would be provided by Merlin's own blood, which would be added immediately before Plamen took up residence within the construct.
By mid-afternoon the construct was finished and ready to go. There was one more class with his students tonight. While he was there, he and Dieter would finalize their plans for escape. He hoped the budding wizard used the mental shields Merlin taught him to prevent himself from suffering through last night's dream. But if not Merlin would make sure that he did so this evening.
He rested until dinner, mentally sorting through what he would take with him. There wasn't much that he needed and the entire list would easily fit into the large satchel they provided as part of his kit. He wondered if Dieter owned anything of the sort. He'd never seen Dieter with very much in the way of possessions. He made a mental note to take Dieter to the quartermaster tomorrow morning and get him kitted out. Better they have more than they need and leave some behind than to have their escape fail because they were missing something.
Dinner arrived and Merlin was first in line. He ate quickly and then headed for the student's quarters. When he arrived, only three students were there. Dieter, Anselm, and Ernst greeted him as he entered.
“Alright, I guess I'll be starting with you three. Are the others still locked up?”
“No, they came back earlier today. They're just not back from dinner yet. We ate quickly so we could be here when you arrived,” Dieter said.
“Eager students, what more could a teacher ask for? Let's see what progress you've made.”
Merlin looked to Ernst first and his jaw dropped when he saw the student hovering at knee height above the floor.
“You've made some enormous progress in just a few days.”
“I discovered something that brightened my outlook on life. It cheered me up immensely. Once that happened I was able to do lots more than I was before.”
“I'll get back to you shortly. Anselm?”
“One moment,” Anselm said, opening the window.
It was approaching dusk, but still light out, and Merlin wondered what Anselm was doing. A moment later the student turned around, the owl perched on his wrist.
“How did you get him to willingly wake before dark?”
“I asked. I told him I'd save some food for him and he could have it if he was willing to wake a bit early.”
“You've established full communication with him?”
“Yes.”
“What's going on here? My two students who seemed the least enthusiastic and least powerful are now advancing by leaps and bounds.”
Merlin looked from one to the other but they were looking at Dieter. When Merlin turned his gaze to Dieter, he was looking at the floor, shamefaced. He still replied though.
“They were both much happier, and showed a resultant boost in power levels, when I told them that they might get to go free.”
“What?” Merlin said.
“I told you that there were several of us here against our will. Anselm and Ernst are the other two that had no choice. They want to be here about as much as I do. I told them I was leaving and that they could go with me. We don't need to go with you if you'd rather we didn't.”
Merlin was ashamed. He remembered Dieter telling him that and then he'd made no plans to aid these two in leaving. If they were still using their mental shields at night, they wouldn't have received any warning beforehand either.
“No Dieter, you did right. I should have included them or offered them assistance in leaving myself. I've been so busy planning that they slipped my mind. My apologies to you Ernst and Anselm. You two are welcome to leave with me if you like. Dieter, I take it you decided to accompany me?”
“Yes, whether you leave or do something else here first. What did you find when you looked at the storage device?”
“If you truly want to know, you'll have to let down your mental shields and I'll send you what it showed me. You don't have to though; I've decided that it needs to be destroyed. A small bonus will be that it contains enough energy to destroy the entire research facility. All that energy needs to be used and I can't think of a better use for it than that one.”
“Is it that bad?” Dieter asked.
“Yes, it is. I'm taking steps to get anyone innocent to leave the castle. Part of those steps is to show them what the crystal showed me. I think that part alone will be enough to get most of the innocents out. Which is why I said with all my planning I forgot Ernst and Anselm. With mind shields up, the nightmares I'm sending the warnings in wouldn't get to them.”
“Show me,” Dieter said.
Anselm and Ernst both added their request to be shown.
“I warn you, it's unpleasant. I find that I now think of the SS as evil.”
“I could've told you that before,” Ernst said
The three students dropped their mental shields and, as he did with Gunter, Merlin projected the series of memories from the crystal into their minds.
When he was done, Dieter looked at him.
“If you said you were leaving without doing something about this, I wouldn't have gone with you. I would have stayed and tried to destroy it myself.”
“It's well guarded, both by SS troops and by the crystal itself. I have an ally though. The older wizard from the memories has retained a portion of his identity and is going to assist me in its destruction.”
“He's going to destroy himself?” Anselm asked.
“He's dead. He knows he's dead but when death magic is captured it also captures a portion of the person it comes from. So a portion of his self is trapped in a half life inside of the crystal. Unable to live, unable to work magic. Would you want to go on that way?”
Anselm shook his head.
“So he's agreed to help me destroy the crystal and the research facility at the same time.”
“When are we leaving?” Dieter asked.
“The day after tomorrow. Tomorrow morning I'm going to bring you down to the supply section and get you equipped. Decide what you'll want to bring from that and have it packed and ready tomorrow night. It should be as easy to talk them into equipping three of you as it would be one, easier maybe.”
I hope so anyway, Merlin thought
“I'll get the three of you out on some pretense tomorrow evening and you'll stay in my cottage overnight. We'll leave the following day. There's one other man who'll be joining us, I think. He's regular army but he's discovered what's going on here and wants no part of it.”
“Are you sure of him?” Dieter asked.
“Gunter has been replaced by an SS officer, his command taken from him, and he's been kept here with no duties. It eats at him. I showed him the same thing I showed you and I'm sure he'll want out.”
“Is this the Gunter who was in charge of acquiring talents?” Ernst asked.
“Yes, that was his job. Since he found me he's been stripped of command and replaced.”
“He brought me in also. I'd already been informed that I could either volunteer for this place or be branded an Undesirable so his part in it wasn't against my will. He acted decently enough while he brought me here,” Ernst said.
“If you trust him, I guess we'll have to,” Dieter said.
“I trust him enough to have asked him if he wanted to leave,” Merlin said.
“That'll have to be good enough. I hope it wasn't misplaced.”
The conversation came to an abrupt end as the door opened and the other three students filed in. Merlin kept a close eye on them but they appeared contrite and tried to act as though nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
“Come here Conrad, let me heal your hand. All of you should watch and I'll describe what I'm doing as I do it,” Merlin said
Conrad's eyes showed a brief flash of anger before he regained his composure and approached Merlin.
The rest of the class continued as normal. Before Merlin left for the night, he reminded Dieter to be ready first thing after breakfast tomorrow morning. 
* * *
Merlin was eager to go and look through the journals again, keeping Herr Schreiber's recommendation in mind. Anguis was perched on the crystal, ready to start the night's dreams once it was late enough and Merlin showed him what to send.
{Anguis, here is what you'll send tonight.}
Merlin projected at Anguis again. This night's dreams would start with the outside of the research facility and move inside. Once the dreamers were inside the castle that housed the facility, dread would strike. They would follow a path deep into the bowels of the facility. Once in the lower levels, the memories would begin. All of the memories Merlin was shown by the crystal and the remnants of people within it would play through the nightmare, indelibly associating themselves with the research facility's basement. The only memories Merlin left out were those of Plamen after he was gassed.
{Can you handle that Anguis?}
The little dragon nodded his head wearily. Apparently even he was affected by the horror of what occurred in the memories.
Merlin sat back and rested in a light meditative trance. He wanted to conserve his energy since he was sure he would need it over the next several days.
Once it was late enough that most people would be asleep. Merlin asked Anguis to begin. The dragon nodded crisply and began his task.
Merlin split his awareness again and traveled back to the journal room. There were several more books on the table when he got there, the newly added ones were not even under glass. He moved to the last in line and a tiny mental effort opened it. This journal was much newer than the rest and still in good shape. The writing was Nimue's though and the text was in the runic language the translators complained of.
He found the last of the pages with writing on it and began to read.
'After all this time, Merlin's cottage is no more. It wasn't even on the front lines of the war and yet, somehow, a shell managed to destroy it. Merlin himself, the unchanging statue, is still safe. I wonder if a shell would even shift him should it land atop him.
I will leave now and help the French in their war. I shall return to look in on Merlin from time to time but after all these years, I fear that he will never come back to himself. Even within his spell he has aged, he looks much older than I do now. Always he was a man in the prime of his life, now he looks a graybeard. I still appear in my thirties, as I did when the last of the dragons disappeared.'
The date she had noted on the entry was only twenty-five years earlier. 
Merlin's mind leaped back to the sketch he'd seen. Nimue was covered in the blood of a dragon. He remembered from what she wrote that she even swallowed some. She'd stopped aging the same way he did. She was still alive.
Merlin found himself back in his cottage. 
Nimue is still alive. The dragon's blood must have stopped her from aging just as it did with me. I wonder if that's the twenty-five year old book the man was talking about when I first found that the journals were here? I wonder where they found the journals? 
After a quick check with Anguis to make sure he was alright, Merlin sank into his bed, exhausted from excitement. He desperately wanted to sleep but with his excitement, sleep was unobtainable.

Chapter 16
In the early hours of the morning, Merlin tossed and turned. He began to doubt his plans, doubt his certainty that what he was doing was the right thing. His tired mind turned over one thought after another, wondering if maybe it would have been better had he never woken from his centuries long sleep.
As he lay there wondering if Nimue would be better off never knowing that he'd awoken, an image gently pushed its way into his brain. Nimue, staring at him as he slept his long sleep. Tears streamed down her face as she tried to reach out and touch him. The spell prevented her attempted contact and the tears streaming down her face redoubled.
{Thank you Anguis.} Merlin sent.
Now that his mindset was restored to where it should be, a stronger image intruded.
His former student Horst, peering in a window and seeing... Merlin, tossing and turning in bed.
Merlin roared with rage and sent his mind out. He found Horst immediately outside of his window. His former student was full of the power of the insane dragon.
{So Merlin, I tried to make it easy on you since she insisted. I tried to get you to simply give up and die. But now, this will be more to my taste.} 
An onslaught on Merlin's mental shields followed. Images, thoughts, and feelings, none of them his own, went flickering through his brain as his shields were overloaded. He followed them back to Horst and sent his own attack.
He used the memories from the crystal and assaulted Horst's mental shields with them. Horst strengthened his shields and his attack lessened in intensity. Merlin split off the tiniest bit of awareness that he could and sent it to probe Horst's shields. As he thought, Horst never refined them after Merlin's original lesson. The probe slid into Horst's mind and began to search. 
If I can just kill this one man, no-one will stand in my way. She said so. I could be second to only the Fuhrer. Everyone would do what I tell them without my having to make them do it. 
Merlin went deeper into Horst's memories.
The world is mine. They'll all do what I want, I can make them do it. 
The memory was accompanied by a series of images. Woman offering themselves to Horst, men giving him valuables, Horst's father apologizing for the way he'd treated him as a young man.
Merlin went deeper.
He'll never find me under the bed. Momma can stay out there, he won't beat her, he'll just do that thing to her that he likes. If he finds me, he'll beat me. He almost killed me last time, I can't take it again.
A hand grasped his ankle and drew him out from beneath the bed. Horst was held upside down as his father stared at him.
“Trying to hide from me? I'm going to beat you hard enough that you learn to never try that again!” Horst's father held him with one hand as he removed his belt with the other.
No, I can't take this again. I just can't.
Horst ...reached... for his father. He felt himself make contact with something. The only thought in his mind was for his father to just stop what he was doing. He stared as his father's motion ceased. Horst was held, dangling in mid-air, by his ankle. His father's eyes were blank and he barely drew breath.
{No! Get out of my mind!} Horst screamed into Merlin's brain.
Horst threw himself at Merlin mentally. Merlin's probe withdrew as Horst sent everything he could muster at Merlin's shields.
{You want to know fear, hopelessness, the surety that you're going to die?} Merlin sent, {So be it.}
Merlin carefully created a tunnel through his shields that guided Horst to Merlin's earliest memories.
I'm almost a man now, Poppa said so. I helped with the harvest and everything. He says we've enough food for the winter now and we'll be good until spring.
Young Merlin gazed at his mother and father. He'd turned twelve just a few days ago, in the middle of harvest, and all was right with the world. As he watched them talking and putting dinner on the table, his world went to pieces.
One wall of the cottage simply disappeared, the thatch of the roof going with it. A vengeful roar assaulted his mind, although his ears heard nothing but the destruction of the cottage. A scaled head replaced the thatch of the roof and a massive claw came through where the wall once stood.
{Your kind killed my son. I'll have all of humankind dead for the blood debt!}
The dragon's claw collapsed the floor and Merlin fell into the basement, to land in the piles of produce he'd helped stack there days earlier. His brain refused to believe what he was seeing when the dragon's head reached in and snatched his mother out of the air. It worried her like a dog with a bone, then threw her to the side. His father was trying to get to the long spear mounted over the fireplace. The dragon saw his attempt and reached for him next.
Merlin's breath was driven out of him as he landed. He could do nothing but lie there and stare. His father climbed the edge of the ruined floor and placed a hand on the spear just as the dragon snapped at him. The spear fell into the basement with Merlin as his father disappeared out of sight.
Merlin never forgot the noises he heard then and was forever thankful that there was no visual memory to go with them. He was in a panic but there was nothing he could do. He regained his breath and began to move, placing his hand on the spear. It was long and unwieldy for his childish frame but he held it upright, point facing towards where the dragon disappeared. 
A moment later the noises outside ceased and the dragon's head, blood spattered around its mouth, reappeared. With a childish cry Merlin hurled the spear upwards. It struck the dragon's snout and bounced off, leaving only a tiny scratch.
The dragon leaned farther into the ruins of the cottage.
{So, you would kill me as your kind did my son? You're too feeble, hatchling.}
Merlin's knowledge of dragons was limited to tales and stories. None of them claimed a dragon could smirk. This one could and when it did Merlin experienced a moment of utter terror. His brain screamed for help although his mouth stayed clamped shut. The dragon moved to pounce into the cellar and devour him.
The cottage was of better quality than most, or at least it was before the dragon attacked. A log framework was erected before wattle, clay, and thatch were used to complete the cottage. Merlin's eyes turned down to the floor so as not to see the dragon as it ate him. He focused on a log lying shattered on the basement floor, one portion ending in a jagged point.
If only I could lift that log and let the dragon land on it, was the thought that consumed his panicked mind.
His hand reached for the log, moving as though he could simply grasp it and stand it upright. A burst of pain struck his head and he watched as the log shimmered and stood upright, just as the dragon pounced.
The dragon impaled itself on the log, blood spraying everywhere. Merlin was coated in it. It poured over him as he gasped for breath and inhaled a lungful of blood.
My throat, my lungs! I can't breathe, I'm burning up.
Merlin tried to scream but all that came out was a mouthful of blood.
Now my skin, I'm burning up all over. There'll be nothing left but a cinder.
Merlin could still feel his whole body, much to his regret. The burning sensation passed and, once it was gone entirely, he collapsed to the floor.
He was never sure how long he lay there. He knew it was days but not how many. When he finally came to his senses he was ravenous. He searched until he found some of the food that wasn't spoiled by the dragon's blood and ate until he couldn't eat any more. 
When he managed to climb out of the ruined cellar he looked for his parents. His father was nowhere to be found and the unpleasant crunching noise he remembered told him the body's probable location. His mother's body was in poor shape, bitten by the dragon and then worried by wildlife as he lay in a stupor in the basement.
Merlin left his parent's cottage, never to return. He walked to the nearby village.
“Help me, please? My parents, they were killed by a dragon.”
“Oh, go away Merlin. We've no time for your foolishness.”
The villagers refused to believe him when he told them he'd slain a dragon. Finally a pair of men went out to check his parents' farm, just to shut him up. When they returned, pale-faced and serious, Merlin's situation got worse.
“Now do you believe me? I need your help.”
“Get out of here. We'll have nothing to do with you. You must be possessed by a demon, how else could a scrawny runt like you have killed a dragon? Go away.”
The words hurt worse than the rocks and manure they threw at him to drive him out of town.
Merlin dragged Horst through the next two centuries of his life. 
It was a generation before Merlin appeared old enough that others would treat him as an adult. When that finally occurred, Merlin tried to settle in one place. Ten years later, he was driven from the village with stones and curses. His apparent age was still the same as when he settled there and once again he was accused of consorting with demons.
Merlin's weakness was that he craved companionship. Both that of people in general and more specifically that of women. So once again he attempted to settle near a village. 
The story repeated itself over and over through the years. He'd settle and become comfortable, only to be driven out when his eternal youthfulness was discovered. His apparent age was somewhere in his late twenties. For whatever reason, he'd stopped aging once reaching that point.
He tried to artificially age his appearance and his efforts bought him an additional decade anywhere he tried to settle. The price he paid was that when he was finally driven out, there tended to be more anger and violence. The people of the area assuming, rightly, that Merlin was deceiving them.
He took up with widow after widow. He dared not have children of his own. What would happen to them when he was driven out of his home. Would they age and die as he stayed the same? He didn't know the answers to these questions so he looked for women who had lost a husband and courted them. Those he chose were past the age where they could bear children. Even so, it was agonizing to watch them age as he remained unchanged.
It was a full two centuries before that pattern was destroyed and Merlin began learning to consciously control his magic.
With that memory, Merlin let Horst's efforts to wrest free of Merlin's mind succeed.
{You think that you're unique, that you're the only one something bad happened to when they were young? No, you aren't. You think you're entitled to whatever you want. No, you're not.} Merlin sent.
{It can't be. She said you must be a fraud, that Merlin would never awaken from his spell of sleep.}
{You've seen inside my mind. Make your own decision, don't let her do your thinking for you. What do you think?}
{You can't be Merlin, she said you weren't, that you were just some hedge wizard trying to play on his reputation. But, those were memories, real mem...}
Horst's sending broke off mid-thought.
Merlin, freed from having to use all his concentration to fend off Horst, jumped out of bed and raced to the window. Horst stood there, pointing a pistol at the sky. Blood streamed from claw marks on his scalp. Merlin slid through the open window so he was no longer trapped inside his cottage.
“Damn you bird. Who the hell are you, anyhow?” Horst yelled.
Merlin saw the gun and remembered the basic description Gunter gave him shortly after they met.
I need him to drop the gun. I'd just heat it up but that might cause the ammunition to explode. That would draw attention, which I don't need. Perhaps his hand then?
Merlin brought a small ball of fire into being immediately beneath the hand holding the gun. He flared it, concentrating the heat on the bottom of Horst's hand. The hand flew open reflexively and the gun fell to the ground. Horst spun to face Merlin.
“You, you're the cause of all this,” he said softly, “I get rid of you and all my problems are solved.”
He pulled a knife and advanced on Merlin. With Horst's attention focused at ground level again, the owl swooping down to open his scalp with its razor sharp claws came as a complete surprise. 
The owl struck, tearing another long strip of flesh from Horst's scalp, then flew off into the darkness again. Horst howled in fury but kept his concentration focused on Merlin.
“Horst, you know that you can't touch me with your knife, right? Just as I shielded your first attempts to control my mind, I'll simply shield myself from your knife physically,” Merlin said.
Horst ignored him. Merlin shook his head and raised a physical shield. He stood calmly and watched as Horst approached. Unworried by the threat, Merlin again sent a probe towards Horst's mind.
There it is. He's spell-ridden worse than Herr Schreiber was. I can sever the connection but I don't know what it would do to him. The spell is tied to his magic. The more he tries to control someone, the stronger the hold of the spell on him grows. After his attempt to dominate me, it seems he has no control of his magic any more and little control over the rest of himself.
Horst leaped forward and struck at Merlin with his knife. Merlin was unworried, until he saw the knife penetrate farther into the shield than it should have. He glanced at the knife with his probe.
Demon shit! How did he find a draining weapon? I was sure they were all destroyed, Merlin thought.
Through his probe Merlin watched as Horst struck again. He saw the knife drain energy from his shield and feed it to Horst.
Well, so much for that plan, Merlin thought.
The only item in reach was the staff with its delicately unfurled leaves. Merlin left it sitting right inside the window so it would receive sunlight. He reached into pick it up and prepared to defend himself with it.
Merlin waited. When Horst struck at his shield again, he swung the staff at the hand holding the knife. When the staff touched Horst's flesh, there was a flash as bright as sunlight. Horst winced and retreated, clutching his knife hand to his chest. He still held the knife though.
Was it the light or something else about the staff? Merlin wondered, Let's check the light first.
Merlin reached in his pocket and withdrew the sun crystal. He held it out in front of him, catching Horst in its illumination. His former student backed out of the range of the light, whining as he did so.
Merlin recognized the reaction.
So, they've been feeding him energy from that crystal. I wonder if he was their test subject for it?
Merlin sensed several other people approaching.
Can this night get any worse? I don't need any more complications, he thought.
As the small group of people approached the lighted area, he recognized them as three of his current students.
“Careful, Horst is out there in the darkness. I drove him away with the light. But he has a knife that eats magic.”
“We know Merlin. Anselm is watching through his owl. Horst is currently hiding in that small stand of trees,” Dieter said, pointing.
“What are you three doing out here?”
“Well, Ernst overheard Manfred and Conrad talking. Conrad told Manfred that he was doing fine and that he didn't need to worry about you continuing to humiliate him. He said that you would be taken care of. So, once they were all asleep, we came to check on you.”
“How did you get yourselves out? There are guards on your door.”
“Ernst lowered himself to the ground through the window, and then did the same for each of us.”
“Ernst, you have that much control now?”
“I do after Dieter showed me a new technique for determining the location of my target.”
Merlin looked at Dieter.
“You didn't tell me not to show anyone the Sensing method you taught me. So I taught it to both Ernst and Anselm.”
“Anselm, how could you put that poor animal in danger. Horst was ready to shoot it,” Merlin said.
“I only asked him to distract Horst, Merlin. The owl is rather fond of you. You were the first human to ever talk directly to his mind and treat him with respect. I asked him to distract Horst, thinking he would fly over and rain droppings on him or something. The next thing I knew, since I was watching through his eyes, we were dive bombing him.”
“I'm sorry for accusing you then. Thank you all for your assistance. I might have taken him anyhow but better to have the help and not need it than the other way around. Now, we have to decide what to do with him.”
“We don't have him,” Dieter said.
“But we know where he is. That's sufficient for a wizard. Use your imagination and I'm sure you can see what I mean.”
“But you said he has a knife that eats magic,” Ernst protested.
“That he does, but do we need to affect him directly with magic?”
Merlin assumed his lecturing tone.
“We could open a pit in the ground under his feet and, once he falls into it, refill it. No magic for the knife to eat since the magic doesn't touch Horst directly.”
Merlin began to pace back and forth. He reached for his non-existent beard and ended up tugging on empty air.
“We could start the trees on fire in a circle around him, then let the fire take its course. Magic might start that but get the trees hot enough and they'll burn on their own taking him with them.”
Merlin stopped in front of Anselm.
“We could search out any large predators nearby and set them on his scent. A small knife is no good against a large predator. Unfair to the predator though.”
Merlin paced a few steps more and stopped in front of Ernst.
“We could cause him to levitate by levitating his clothes. While he could eat the magic with the knife, he'd most likely end up cutting his clothes off in the process. That would put him in an interesting predicament, no? Or perhaps we could levitate the bones within his body? The knife must penetrate what it's to eat the magic of.”
Finally Merlin turned to face Dieter.
“I'd prefer to help him though. He's spell-ridden like Herr Schreiber was, but he's in much worse condition. The location he's in will remain hidden during the daytime, so we can simply cut the link to the spell. He'll be unconscious for several hours and in no condition to do much once he comes around.”
Merlin glanced out towards the stand of trees.
“I'll admit that it's the rough way of doing it but he brought this on himself. I feel no need to handle him gently as we did with Herr Schreiber.”
“That was gentle?” Dieter asked.
“It was gentle on him which made it rougher on us,” Merlin replied.
Neither Anselm nor Ernst were willing to voice an opinion on the matter.
“That settles it. I'll remove the spell and let him recover on his own. I may add a bit of a forgetfulness spell as well so he doesn't immediately try to attack me again.”
“Do you need me to help?” Dieter asked.
“No, I've the energy for this myself and I don't need to watch his condition or be gentle this time. If you'd watch my back physically that will do. I'll be distracted for several minutes.”
Merlin sent his awareness into the ground and then in Horst's general direction.
Even experienced wizards never think to scan underground for an opponent, Merlin thought as he searched for Horst.
He sensed the inevitable shifting of weight that a stressed man is liable to make. His probe moved through the earth, coming up beneath Horst. He waited for another sound to show him the exact location and then surfaced beneath Horst's right foot.
He slid the probe through the man's shoe and up, inside Horst's body, coming at the brain from below. When he sensed the spell riding the man, he slid the probe alongside the connection between spell and man and sent a burst of power into the weakest point of the joining.
Horst dropped like a rock. Merlin retreated to his body and trotted out to where Horst lay. After a minute's worth of spell work Horst would remember nothing of this night when he woke up. Merlin retrieved the knife, holding it gingerly by its handle. Finally he returned to the students outside the cottage.
“Anselm, I've a request for your owl. If this knife isn't too heavy for him, could you ask him to fly it away from here? Leave it in an exposed place where it won't be found. It may be magical but it will eventually rust away. Just be sure the owl only grips the handle and not the blade.”
“I'll ask,” Anselm said.
The owl flew down and landed on Anselm's extended arm. After a moment, it looked at Merlin. Merlin extended the knife, hilt first, and the owl reached out a claw, wrapping it around the knife. It looked to Merlin as though the owl wanted to see if the knife were too heavy to carry.
Merlin tried to couch his request in concepts and pictures. 
{If it is not too heavy for you, night hunter, would you dispose of this?}
The owl spread its wings and took off into the air. Merlin caught a response to his request and held the knife up just as it appeared in the image he received. Moments later, the owl swooped and struck the hilt as though it were taking prey. The owl, and the knife, disappeared into the night sky.
Merlin invited his students into the cottage. He picked up Horst's pistol as he followed them in.
“Well, since you're here now I guess you might as well stay until we get you equipped,” Merlin said.
The four wizards talked for a while, touching on nothing of importance by mutual consent. The sky was lightening with the approach of dawn when the owl returned.
“He says that no man should ever find it,” Anselm said.
“Thank him for me and perhaps send him to his roost if he's already eaten this night?”
“I've thanked him for you and I made sure he was fed earlier, before we came to find you.”
“Well done, both of you. My thanks again,” Merlin said
Anguis shook himself as he released his effort of the night.
{Anguis, are you well?}
An image popped into Merlin's mind of the tiny dragon, covered in muck and mud.
{Need a bath, do you?}
The feeling he experienced when hearing a child's laugh passed through Merlin's mind.
{Go ahead Anguis. By the way, these two are Anselm and Ernst.}
Anguis flew first to one of the men he didn't know and then the other. He fluttered in front of their faces before leaving through the open window.
“That's Anguis,” Merlin said to the two gaping men, “He's a great help to me and is the one actually sending the dreams of warning.”
Anselm and Ernst turned to stare at Merlin.
“Any other surprises we ought to know about? It would be poor timing if one were to spring itself on us in the middle of the escape,” Anselm said.
“I said we'd be going south. Now I know why. My apprentice, the one I was teaching when I went to sleep, had an accident. As a result she's still alive now, or at least was twenty-five years ago. I intend to find her if she still lives. She said, in her journal, that she would be staying near the location that my cottage once stood.”
“Her journal? This wouldn't by chance be the author of the other transcripts we were given?” Ernst asked.
“Yes, it is. I think they probably found her journals and mine at the same time. I hope it doesn't mean they took them from her by force.”
“Thirteen hundred years old? And still alive?” Anselm said.
“Why is that surprising. You know that I'm from that time.”
“Yes, but you were in an enchanted sleep. You didn't actually live all those years.”
“True, but I lived through the previous six hundred years before that awake and alert. It's sometimes tedious and emotionally painful, but it can be done.”
Silence reigned in the cottage. None of the students knew what to say and Merlin wasn't going to add anything to his statement. Finally Merlin looked from face to face. Seeing their discomfort, he spoke.
“The cafeteria should be opening. Let's get breakfast and then see about getting you supplied.”
When they arrived there were fewer people, both serving and eating, than Merlin had seen yet.
Good, some of them are taking heed of the warning, he thought.
Merlin was physically exhausted but he knew food would help. He ate as much as he could at breakfast. His students stared openly as he returned with his fourth plate of food. He spared a moment for them before starting in on it.
“Magic requires energy. I didn't get much sleep last night so I've little rest to recharge with. For a brief time you can make up for that by eating more. So...”
He gestured to his food before digging in and cleaning his plate again.
Merlin led the way to the supply area.
“I'm going to make the quartermaster think we have chits for all of you to be supplied. He likes to talk though so go ahead and engage him in conversation. I will as well. It will make him happy and less inclined to be suspicious.”
“Merlin, how are you? I had a hell of a night, and so did some others. Let me tell you about this dream...” 
The man went on and on as he gathered the gear for the three students. Merlin interjected here and there as seemed necessary. Finally the students were all set.
“Is there any chance of getting some more of those iron rations? I had the misfortune to need mine already.”
“Sure, I can give you a case of them if you want. Nasty stuff compared to the mess hall but it beats not eating.”
“A whole case? That wouldn't cause you difficulty?”
“Nah, we got hundreds of cases of those. We write off a few every month due to spoilage.”
The man winked.
“Nobody wants them but they always take a few just in case. Really, I think those things would still be edible, if not tasty, a century from now.”
“If it's really not a problem I'll take a case off your hands. I only need a few but more is better, no?”
“That wouldn't be a problem Merlin, I'll just write off an extra case this month. About those dreams, rumor has it you're a wizard. You know how to interpret dreams?”
“I've done a little of that. You say they all take place here in the facility?”
“They don't start here but they get nasty when they get here.”
“Maybe it means you need to be out of here for a while. When's the last time you took leave?”
“Last year some time. I'm overdue but don't really have anywhere to go.”
“If you've got a few Reichsmarks on you I'll recommend a stay at the bar in the local town. I hear the barmaids are really friendly to a man with a few Reichsmarks.”
The man's face lit up.
“That's just the ticket. I bet I can hit my superior up for a forty-eight hour pass. I'm overdue so I should be able to get it right off. Thanks for the tip Merlin.”
“My pleasure. I'll guarantee that your night will be better if you get that pass and visit the bar.”
As Merlin led the students back outside, Dieter spoke.
“Merlin, what magic did you use? I saw no trace of a spell, yet you got that man to leave the facility just like you wanted.”
“No spell Dieter. I like people, at least the ones that aren't actively evil. He's just a man, with the faults of one. Once he let me know he was selling iron rations on the black market, I knew the idea of the barmaids would hold an attraction for him.”
Merlin stopped and turned towards Dieter.
“If he's willing to do something illegal for gain, doing something frowned upon for his own pleasure is no great step. He wanted me to tell him to get away from here, you heard his reply about the dream. So, he latched onto the suggestion I gave that accommodated that. If his friends ask, he isn't going because of the dream, he heard about the barmaids instead and that's why he's going.”
“I didn't get half of that from your conversation.”
“Just remember Dieter, you too Ernst and Anselm, people have wants and needs. They express them all the time. Listen carefully and watch how they react to things that are said or done. You can learn a lot that way and frequently get people to do what you want without the use of magic. I consider using magic for that to be compelling someone. Using words is only convincing them instead. Convince someone and they'll believe it's their own idea and fight for it. Compel someone and they'll fight against it one way or another.”
“But that isn't being a wizard,” Ernst complained.
“But it does require skill, compassion, and empathy. All of those are very good qualities in a wizard, so it's good practice.”
Merlin began to walk again and shortly they were outside.
“Alright, the three of you should return to your rooms. Without the guard seeing any of you if he doesn't already know that you left. I imagine there would have been some sort of fuss if they knew, though,” Merlin said.
Dieter nodded and the three student turned towards their quarters.
“Come to my cottage after dark this evening,” Merlin reminded them.

Chapter 17
When Merlin returned to the cottage, his guard was there. He looked tired and cranky, as though he didn't sleep well the night before.
Merlin spent the rest of the morning finalizing the construct. He just needed Plamen present when he activated it with his blood. He also took a nap and tried to recoup some of his lost sleep, and energy.
When he awoke it was lunch time and he knew he'd get little rest over the next several days. After lunch, he came back and gathered the construct and his remaining crystals, charged with death magic, into his satchel. He turned to the guard.
“I need to visit the room they kept you out of again. I believe I've solved their problem.”
Assuming their problem is that they ever created that abomination, Merlin added mentally.
“Yes sir.”
The guard turned and led the way. When they arrived, Merlin recognized one of the four soldiers on duty.
“Voigt, I need to enter the chamber. I believe I can fix the problem they asked me about,” Merlin said.
“No-one enters,” one of the new guards replied.
“What? I'm on the list. I was in there recently.”
“No-one enters, by her orders.”
“Whose orders? I believe Herr Schreiber is in charge of this facility, is he not? He requested I work on this artifact. Now I'm told I cannot discharge my duties?”
One of the other new guards took a step towards Merlin.
“Shove off boy. You heard him. No-one goes in.”
“Excuse me?”
“I said Shove Off. Leave. Go Away. If you don't I'll arrange for you to personally go away to one of our special camps.”
Merlin's blood boiled. He knew just what camps the man was talking about. His temper was rising and he needed to get inside the chamber.
“You're aware that I'm a wizard, yes?” Merlin said, his voice ice cold.
“I said, Get Out!” the guard said, reaching forward to shove Merlin.
His hand never reached Merlin's chest. Merlin was done being gentle with the SS goons. As the hand moved close, Merlin flung the memories of the crystal at the soldier. As opposed to just letting him view them, as the dreams did, Merlin placed them deeper in his mind. The guard experienced every memory the crystal subjected Merlin to, except those of Plamen, as though they were happening to him simultaneously. 
The guard dropped, curling into a fetal position. Two of the other soldiers reached for Merlin and he treated each in the same fashion. He turned to the fourth guard, Voigt.
“No,” Voigt said, both hands held up, “As far as I'm concerned you're allowed entry. I didn't see you do anything to these men either. From what I saw, they just fell over when they reached for you.”
The three guards that were curled into catatonic balls didn't react at all as Merlin opened the door and entered the chamber.
Before he closed the door, Merlin overheard the two men still standing out in the hallway.
“Idiots, they wouldn't believe me. They were new here and hadn't heard the rumors,” Voigt said.
“Tell me about it. I'm supposedly his guard, but he knows better. They want me to watch him and report on what he does. Most of what he does looks like he's just sitting there, thinking. But he's doing more than that, you can tell once you get to know him. You just can't prove it to anyone else.”
The door clicked shut, gently. Darkness closed in and Merlin withdrew his sun crystal to light the way. He advanced on the crystal and its purple light drew back as the sunlight grew closer. This time he knew what to expect and his mental shield held when, despite the sun crystal, it came under attack. When the attack failed the attackers fled back to the safety of the large crystal, away from the portion exposed to the light of Merlin's crystal.
Merlin called his ally with his mind.
{Plamen}
A brief moment later he felt Plamen outside his mental shields. He placed the sun crystal on the floor between himself and the large crystal, then lowered his shields to allow communication with the former wizard.
{Plamen, I have the construct and a plan.}
{Tell me.}
Merlin related his plan to Plamen, who went silent for a moment.
{There are several other things I'll need.} Plamen sent.
{What? And why?}
{Once you told me your plan, I could look into the future to see how it would work. There are several possible outcomes but our success is most likely with a few additional things.}
{What do you need?}
{Do you know the Spell of the Spider?}
{I've never heard of it.}
{The magic which allows one to move about a wall, clinging to it with hands and feet.}
{Yes, I do. Not by that name though.}
{I'll require that you perform that magic on the construct once I'm in it. When they come searching for me I shall be in the highest corner of the room.}
{I can do that.}
{Secondly, I'll need some additional energy. Do you have any that you can spare? Overcoming the ward on the room will take more energy than you thought. We'll still need enough to destroy the facility and then the crystal itself after.}
Merlin felt in his satchel. Three of the crystals full of death magic remained.
{I can provide extra power, at least some.}
{Let me see.}
Merlin drew the crystals out. They thrummed in his hand and he could feel their attraction to the larger crystal.
{You can take two of these, I'll need one of them myself.}
{They should be enough. Appropriate that they match types as well. Death magic is the strongest option remaining for fire and destruction.}
{Is that all?}
{No, one final thing. You must leave the sun crystal with me when you depart. Plus something to hide its light as necessary.}
{I had plans for that crystal, you say you need it?}
{When the remnants of the souls in the crystal discover what I'm doing, they will try to stop me. Many are insane and believe that their current state has made them immortal. Working in the light of the sun crystal will keep them from interfering while I do what needs to be done.}
Merlin regretted the necessity. He was counting on using the sun crystal to keep any more attackers wielding the magic of the large crystal at bay. Plamen was right though, he'd need the defense more than Merlin would.
{I'll leave it with you then.}
Merlin searched his pockets. Finding nothing suitable he untucked his shirt and cut off a piece of its tail to wrap the crystal in when the light needed to be hidden.
{Are you ready to take up residence in the construct?}
{Yes.}
Merlin cut his chest, over his heart. As blood seeped from the wound, he smeared it over the construct. He willed the construct to absorb the living blood before it cooled and died.
{Now, Plamen.}
The construct stirred in Merlin's hand. He set it on the floor and waited as the limbs moved one by one. Within a minute Plamen stood. His body, the construct, was unsteady for a few moments as Plamen learned to control it. Once he stood upright without wobbling he spoke in a soft, high pitched voice.
“Not the way I hoped to spend my final hours. I always thought to die at the hands of a jealous spouse, or perhaps of exhaustion instead.”
“I'm sorry that you were robbed of your desired end.”
“Well, a hero's death isn't the most horrible. Be sure to tell the Rom my story when you see them.”
“I will do so Plamen.”
“You'll see them sooner than you think. Be sure to tell them that the beggar boy in silks came to a good end.”
Merlin's eyes misted up. 
Plamen is already dead, isn't he? But I've given him a semblance of life and he's going to die again, Merlin thought.
“Merlin, do not fret for me. I see your feelings written on your face. Part of me has passed on already. The rest of me will do so tomorrow. Hopefully the two parts will be together again in whatever passes for an afterlife.”
“If you say so. I think we're done here now. Remember, the signal will be a shield springing up around the entire facility. You won't be able to miss it if I do my part.”
“I know the plan Merlin. With my alterations it now has the best chance of working that I could foresee. Now gift me the Spell of the Spider, then go on your way. I shall pass the time with the music of my people.”
Plamen began to hum an uncanny sounding tune, made stranger by the voice of the construct he inhabited. He gave Merlin a deep bow, then a jaunty wave. Having observed propriety, or his version of it, Plamen curled up around the sun crystal atop Merlin's shirt tail and continued his song.
Merlin saw that Plamen wanted to spend his final hours undisturbed in the light of the sun, remembering his people. He cast the small enchantment Plamen had requested, then turned and left as quietly as he could manage.
He opened the door and found the corridor nearly empty, only his guard remained.
“Back to the cottage now.”
“Is that wise sir? There are sure to be repercussions for what you did earlier.”
“I'm to do what? Flee? Where would I go? Besides, I was only following Herr Schreiber's orders. Last I knew he was in charge here.”
“He is sir, but no-one has seen him in two days. There's a lady, a high ranking member of the party, that has been around and giving orders. Evidently, you ran afoul of some of those when you entered the room there.”
“Well, if it's a problem, it's one for the future not for right now. Let's return to the cottage.”
“Yes sir.”
Merlin followed the guard back to his temporary lodgings. As he thought would happen, there was no trouble, at least not yet. Once darkness fell, he would be on his guard. If the mysterious lady were to attempt enforcing her orders using the power of the crystal, then it would not happen while the sun was out.
Merlin spent most of his afternoon packing the things he'd need. He wanted to take as many of the iron rations as he could but the case contained far more than he could comfortably carry. The satchel took ten of the rations and still had room left over for other items. 
There wasn't much else he wanted to take. Some spare clothing was tucked around the rations to reduce noise. All his crystals were gone except for the one Anguis was using and the one he needed to fuel the massive shield. The feather and candle were in his satchel, the staff kept close to hand, and the shield pinned to the cuff of his shirt sleeve. The compass he left out. There was an experiment he wanted to try with it after dinner.
A few items from what he was issued filled out his packing. His mess kit, knife, and an assortment of smaller items filled up all the remaining space in the satchel. When he was done, he set it aside and settled into a chair. He wasn't willing to sleep, just in case he was wrong about trouble not coming until after dark, but he would rest as well as he could.
* * *
Merlin rose from the chair. His not-quite sleep left him feeling more refreshed than he did earlier in the day as he went to get his last meal in the compound. He had plans for the time between dinner and dark. With any luck he would be finished with those plans by the time his students arrived.
Dinner was a bland affair but he ate enough to fill himself up. He knew there might not be a chance for a real meal over the next several days, so he ate as much as he could without feeling uncomfortable, then left.
Merlin wandered around the compound in an aimless seeming fashion. As he passed the motor pool, he cast his senses out to discover which truck contained the most fuel. When he discovered which one it was, he put a small spell on the truck. Now no-one would notice it unless they were looking for that specific vehicle. He memorized the image of it and continued his walk.
Finally he returned to the cottage. He picked the compass up from the table and went outside. 
First things first. I need to see if Gunter will be coming with us, he thought.
He sent his awareness searching for Gunter and found him sitting in the building he was quartered in.
{Gunter.}
{Merlin?}
{Yes Gunter. Will you be leaving with us?}
{Yes, I will. I did a little more digging. Enough that I got some curious looks. Everything I found told me that things are nothing like I thought they were. They're even worse than I feared. I can't stay here. My country and my superiors have betrayed me, lied to me. I can't stay.}
{If you want to go, we'll be leaving in the early morning hours. I'll tell you the rest of the plan later on, when we meet. If you want to leave with us there's a truck, I'll give you an image of it. We'll be taking that. You can drive a truck, yes?}
{I can.}
{We'll meet you there at two hours past midnight. If you can, find out where they're holding Johann, would you?}
{I'll try, but I may get some more curious looks. If I'll be gone by tomorrow, that's not a problem. I'm already packed and ready to go. I'll be there.}
Merlin sent the image of the truck to Gunter. Once he received it Merlin cut the mental conversation off. He held the compass level, faced southwest, and concentrated on it.
Where should I go, he thought.
The compass' needle steadied, pointing southwest. Merlin noted the exact line it pointed and picked out landmarks so he could find the heading by sight. 
He put the compass in his pocket and sat, making himself comfortable.
Long distance searching was never one of my strongest skills. I hope I can still do it well enough for my purposes, he thought.
Merlin cast his awareness to the southwest, along the exact bearing the compass had indicated. He traveled at the speed of thought, seeking anything that seemed familiar or drew his attention.
He passed the area where his original cottage once stood. Some of the landmarks there were still recognizable although most were gone.
Well beyond that area he stopped. He was nearly to the ocean and the place was unfamiliar to him. But there was something that was tantalizingly familiar in the area. He just couldn't place it.
It was anti-climactic for him when he realized what it was. There were traces of magic all over the area. Not the traces that he could use for power, but signs that someone else frequently used magic here. Now that he knew what to look for he could feel the source nearby, but it was muted.
Someone is shielding themselves from those who seek wizards. They must know more than I did when I awoke, he thought.
He approached the muted source. It was in a small house, set into the woods by itself. He could feel the wards on the house as he approached but they were of a type that he had designed. He slipped through them, almost as though they didn't exist, and approached the source. 
He stopped when he saw the wizard. Even though he could only see her from behind and the years had altered her appearance somewhat, he still recognized her immediately. Confirmation came a moment later.
“Merlin, even after all these years, I sometimes feel as though you're nearby and watching me.”
{In this case, Nimue, that would be because I am.}
The woman let out a startled yelp and spun around.
“Now I'm losing my mind. I knew it would happen eventually,” Nimue said.
{No, you aren't. Physically, I'm a long distance away. My projection is here in the room with you though.}
“Is it really you Merlin? I'm not just imagining this?”
{Use your senses my dear, you can see me if you do.}
Nimue made a tiny gesture, heartbreakingly familiar to Merlin from centuries back. Instantly, her own projection was in the room with him.
{Merlin, it is you! What happened? Shall I return to your cave? I'm sorry I left but the cottage was destroyed, and you were still in slumber, and I couldn't take waiting any more, and... I feared to look in on you one day and find you dead within your spell.}
{No, something destroyed several of the crystals holding the matrix of the spell and I was awakened. I'm not there any more. Had I known you were still alive, I would have looked for you immediately. Instead I left with those who claimed to have been seeking me.}
{Someone was looking for you?}
{To no good end. I'll be leaving here tomorrow, and I don't believe they'll look for me any more after that. There won't be enough of them left to do so.}
{You're with the Germans?}
{I had no idea who, or what, they were when I woke up. The man who spoke with me seemed good and honest. It wasn't until I met more of their people that I realized what they were. There will be several others with me who also disagree with the methods used here.}
{Where will you go?}
{I planned on going southwest, along this heading. I have an artifact that told me to go this way. Perhaps it means I should come to you.}
{I would like that more than anything. But don't come here, this area is under German control. The French have no means of protecting escapees. You must head further north from where I am here. Take your people to Britain. How long will it take you to get out of there?}
{If my plan works, only hours. There is a pilot I believe would also like to forgo any more German hospitality. I'll rescue him, then we'll steal a plane and make good our escape.}
{Merlin, I hope this is really you and I'm not going mad. It's so good to see you again after all this time. I thought I never would. I'd given up hope.}
{It's really me Nimue. You aren't imagining things.}
{I fear it though. Normally I'd imagine you here and you'd be lecturing me. But this time, it sounds like they've gotten you angry. It's too close to wishful thinking. For you to be back and angry enough with the Germans that you lose your temper with them. It's like a dream come true.}
{I must depart Nimue. I have things still to do before our escape. But, pay close attention tomorrow. You'll probably be able to detect the magics released even at this distance. After that, I'll contact you again. Then, perhaps, you can believe.}
Even though physical contact couldn't be made in the state they were in, Merlin leaned forward and made as though to kiss Nimue. He sent a tiny crackle of energy leaping from his lips to hers and then he was gone. 
Back in his body Merlin's lips tingled slightly. He hoped that Nimue's did as well, so she would have some form of positive proof that what occurred was real. He forced his thoughts away from her for the moment.
It's nearly dark. I need to be on guard against possible attack now. I also need to keep an eye out for Dieter and the others. They'll need to watch themselves as well, he thought.
Merlin boosted the power of the wards on the cottage. 
Horst must have used that demon cursed knife on my wards to get through them. That explains why they were so weak just now, he thought.
{Anguis, are you ready for the last effort on the dreams?}
The little dragon uncoiled from around his neck, taking on his other form. He flew to the table, nodded vehemently, and strutted over to the crystal. He hopped up and perched on it, then looked at Merlin expectantly.
{This is what I want sent tonight.}
Merlin sent an image of the purple glowing crystal to Anguis. Floating around the crystal were vague wispy shapes that looked roughly humanoid. A feeling of fear and foreboding emanated from them. The shapes gestured with translucent arms, waving the viewers away. As each shape tried to drive people away, it would slowly transform into one of the victims shown in the memories from the crystal.
{All the while there should be an undertone to the dream. A feeling that the dreamer must wake and leave the castle immediately. At the end of the sending, you need to make it clear that retribution is to be exacted on the facility and that those remaining will be caught up in it. You'll need to stop several hours earlier this time so we can leave though. Can you do all that?}
Anguis had a considering look in his tiny eyes. He cocked his head to the side for a moment then nodded again, less vehemently this time. The dragon closed his eyes and began the final push to get the innocent out of harm's way.
Merlin went to the door and started looking for his students. Half an hour later they arrived, each carrying a heavily loaded pack.
“I'm glad you made it. I was beginning to worry,” Merlin said.
“It took longer than we anticipated to get out unnoticed,” Dieter replied.
“I think one of us should keep a watch. After last night, I don't know who might be coming. It's only six hours until we depart. I'd leave earlier but Anguis has to finish his job of trying to get the innocents to flee the area.”
“That shouldn't be necessary Merlin. Rein is on your roof, keeping watch. He'll let me know if there's any trouble coming,” Anselm said.
“Rein?”
“My owl. He needed a name so I gave him one. He likes it.”
Merlin nodded approvingly. 
“I'm glad you're communicating well with him. Has he hunted? If not we should keep watch while he hunts so he isn't distracted.”
Anselm blushed.
“He's rather fond of blood sausage so I took one from the mess hall and fed him. I know he should hunt but I wanted to reward him since he's been so helpful.”
Merlin resisted chuckling out loud.
I can remember making excuses like that myself, he thought.
“Well, don't make a habit of it. Our food isn't good for animals to have all the time.”
“I won't but this way he didn't have to spend time hunting and can help us,” Anselm said.
Merlin looked at all three men.
“I expect that we'll be attacked tonight. I don't know by who or what, although Horst probably won't be involved. It seems that somehow I may have given away something here, maybe through the dreams. But I refuse to be responsible for killing innocents and needed to warn them away somehow.”
“Wouldn't they have sent more than just Horst last night if there were anything else available?” Dieter asked.
“No, I think they expected the knife to drain my defenses so Horst would have an easy time of it. They wouldn't want it to get out that they were killing people working for them. Involving a single person makes it far easier to keep a secret, especially if you have a disregard for life. If you think they're going to talk, you just kill them,” Merlin said.
“So, you expect they'll send someone else?” Ernst asked.
“That or something else. Remember, they have some skill with magic as well and access to a large quantity of death magic. So we'll want to keep a physical watch and everyone needs to keep their mental shields up also.”
“Why did you bring us here this early then?” Dieter asked.
“We'll be leaving here about two in the morning. I thought it less likely to attract attention if you sneaked out right after dark when there were still people around than at two in the morning when everyone is normally in bed.”
“Oh, I guess that makes sense.”
The evening passed slowly, with one person at a time sleeping lightly or just resting. No-one got enough rest but none of them did without either. Shortly after midnight, Anselm called out.
“Rein says there's something out there.”
Dieter was napping so Merlin woke him.
“Everyone keep an eye out in a different direction. Anyone that knows how to move part of their awareness out of their body should watch that way as well. Some things can't be seen by the naked eye,” Merlin said.
The three students nodded in response and turned to scan the darkness through the windows.
Evidently Dieter's been busier than I assumed. I'll have to ask what else he's taught them, Merlin thought.
“Merlin,” Dieter said, “I can Sense something over this way. It's a moving spot that's chillier than its surroundings. It's headed towards the cottage.”
Merlin turned his Sight to where Dieter pointed. An amorphous blob of energy was flowing towards the cottage. It glowed an ugly, bruised, purple color to his inner Sight.
“They're using the energy from the crystal I told you about. It's some sort of death magic spirit creature. Try not to let it touch you, I'm guessing that would be bad.”
The temperature inside the cottage plummeted several degrees. Merlin looked about with his Sight and found several of the creatures inside the cottage already. It looked as though they'd come through the walls or up out of the floor.
“There are some of them in here with us. They're staying in the shadows though. Everyone make sure to stay in the light from the lantern and the fireplace.”
All four men backed up into the light. As they watched, the creatures drew closer to the illuminated area. 
Ernst spoke, his nervousness giving his voice a quaver.
“Merlin, is it just me or is it growing darker in here?”
Merlin focused on the sight from his eyes. The edge of the illuminated area was slowly darkening, shadows growing and stretching out towards the light instead of away from it.
“No, it isn't just you.”
The light was forced back into a smaller and smaller area. Merlin and his students were driven close enough to each other that they were almost touching.
“Light, they don't like light. We need to create more of it,” Merlin said.
“What about your crystal you used last night?” Dieter asked.
“I don't have it any more. Someone needed it more than me.”
“What?”
Dieter's comment got Merlin's thinking back on track though. The memory of the previous night gave him an idea. His gear, assembled for the escape, was lying on the table. He reached out and grasped the living staff.
One of the shadow creatures moved forward again, forcing the light back away from it. Merlin swung the staff one-handed. It passed through the creature's surface and Merlin knew a moment of dismay before the staff struck the floor and released a burst of light as bright as the sun.
The creature the staff was inside of when the light burst out faded away like mist struck by the bright sun. Merlin saw one of the tiny leaves from the staff wither, then waft away across the cottage as he lifted the staff again.
“Sunlight,” Merlin said, “You've all been in it. You all remember how it feels, what it looks like. Try to remember absolutely everything you can about it, bind all the memories up into a single whole, and place that bundle on the ceiling of the cottage.”
Merlin suited actions to words and a shaft of sunlight sprang down from the ceiling in front of him. It wasn't as strong as the light from his sun crystal but it was stronger than the creatures could tolerate. They fled to the darker portions of the cottage and continued to press in on the light from those directions.
Merlin glanced at Dieter. His student's face was scrunched up in concentration.
“No Dieter, don't try to force the memories out. Simply release them. Let your awareness guide them to their destination and your power make them reality.”
Dieter's face relaxed and moments later another shaft of dim sunlight radiated from the roof of the cottage.
Merlin turned to look at Anselm and Ernst. Anselm was moving closer to the sunlight. Ernst's eyes were closed and he was struggling. One of the creatures dimmed the light between where it stood and Ernst. As the creature surged forward, Ernst's eyes opened and he gasped. Merlin gripped the staff tight and jumped towards him. One hand yanked Ernst towards the sunlight while the other swept the staff down through the creature to the floor below. Another burst of light, another drifting leaf, and the two men were standing in a shaft of sunlight.
“It touched my arm. I can't use it, my arm feels frozen,” Ernst said.
Merlin stared at his arm for a moment using his Sight.
“It should wear off if they don't hit it again. If it had maintained hold of you for a second or more I think it would've been much more serious. Lucky for you I saw it coming.”
Ernst looked at him oddly, Merlin considered the words he used and then burst into a short, sharp, laugh.
“That's a strong innate magic you have there if it even affects me,” Merlin said.
“Merlin, look,” Dieter said.
Merlin turned to where Dieter was pointing. The creatures had backed off from his burst of laughter.
“Well, isn't that interesting?” Merlin said.
“They're backing off.”
“Yes they are. I think I have a handle on their weakness now. Is there anything that any of you feel strong positive emotions about? The things that make you feel happy when you think of them or talk about them?”
All three men nodded.
“Good. One of you start talking about what makes you happy then. I mean things that will make you feel actively happy just by talking about them.”
Dieter, Ernst, and Anselm looked at each other. The creatures started closing back in and all three noticed. Dieter and Anselm started talking at the same time.
“Go ahead Anselm. I'll put my thoughts together while you go,” Dieter said.
“The magic was never something I thought about. Men wanted to be my friend, women were willing to be my lover with only a tiny effort on my part. I thought that was how life worked for everyone.”
Anselm shook his head.
“I learned different when I was turned in by the man that wanted to marry a woman I dallied with.”
The creatures moved closer, the light dimming again.
“Anselm, happy, remember?” Merlin said.
“Sorry. When I started to learn the magic you were teaching me I realized it was something special. Now, there's something that makes me happy every time I do it. Communicating with the animals is incredible. Touching their minds, seeing what they do. But I think I'll never tire of watching through Rein's eyes while he's on the wing. That has made me happy and I cannot believe that there will ever be a time when it doesn't.”
Anselm lapsed into silence.
Merlin looked around. The creatures were held at bay again.
“Good, I'm right. When they closed in before, we were frightened. Negative emotions strengthen these creatures. It's what they're made of, what they feed on, and we gave them more of it. Happiness, laughter, other positive emotions. They drive them off, sap their strength. Anyone else?”
“Me,” Dieter said, “I don't want to sound arrogant but I've found something that makes me happy in this mess also. I used to be happy just tending my livestock. I always had the healthiest animals around and people would bring me their sick animals to tend. That made me happy.”
Dieter looked at Anselm and Ernst.
“What makes me even happier now is teaching. I'm not trying to put Anselm and Ernst down, or say I'm smarter or anything, but helping them learn has made me happier than tending my livestock did. Teaching is what I want to do now. I've been trying to learn as much as I can from the transcripts and from you, Merlin. The more I know, the more I can teach, and the better I can teach.”
Merlin looked at Ernst.
“Yeah, I have something that's been making me happy recently also. I was going to surprise you with it after I was better at it. You all saw me levitate and that was a thrill. But some of the same principles behind levitation let me move through the air while it's holding me up. I'm not very good at it yet but I can fly.”
Merlin looked at Ernst who appeared puzzled by the look.
“Yeah, it was luck that helped me figure it out.”
“No Ernst, I'm amazed. Not one in ten wizards ever learn how to fly. Only about one in four can even levitate. I'm amazed that in this short span of time, you learned how to fly on your own,” Merlin said.
“Oh, well... Anyhow, that's what makes me happy nowadays,” Ernst finished.
Dieter looked at Merlin.
“Dieter, do you remember that I told you I was careless with a spell? That it was about a woman? That maybe I'd tell you all about it one day? Well, I think it's time, at least for a good portion of the story. It isn't all happy but there's enough happiness that I can tell the story and keep our guests occupied for a while.”
Dieter focused his attention on Merlin.
“I'm afraid that I'll have to ask you to focus your attention elsewhere while I do. Could you teach Anselm and Ernst how to create the sunlight while I speak? I think that if we can all do that, we can pinpoint locations surrounding the creatures and dissipate them if we all create sunlight at the same time.”
“Yes Merlin, I'll do that. I may ask you to repeat the story someday though if I miss parts.”
Merlin nodded.
“According to her parents, Nimue was always a precocious child.”
“Wait, the woman that caused you to make a major mistake was also your apprentice?” Dieter asked?
“Yes, but that part doesn't come into the story for several years. Nimue was precocious. One day as I was performing some minor magics for her parents, she looked up at me and asked how I did that little thing with the glowing hook. That was when I realized that she was a wizard...”
As Merlin related his story, Dieter worked with Anselm and Ernst. The briefest summation Merlin could make still took half an hour and by the end of it, his students were ready.
“So, I chose a poor trigger. The trigger never occurred so I wasn't woken until the physical part of the spell structure took major damage. What makes me truly happy though is knowing that Nimue is still alive.”
“She's been alive for thirteen hundred years? You said she might be, but now you're sure?” Ernst asked.
“Yes, I saw her with my Sight just recently. She's still healthy and doesn't look a day over thirty-five physically. Seen with my Sight, she appears different but beautiful all the same.”
Ernst shook his head in disbelief.
“You'll see, but watch yourself when you meet her. She has a temper, or at least she used to,” Merlin said.
“We're ready Merlin,” Dieter said.
“Good, see how all the creatures are clumped together? I'll hit the farthest point there.” 
Merlin pointed.
“Dieter, you get that point. Anselm there, Ernst there.”
Merlin pointed out each man's target as he spoke their name.
“Are we all ready?”
Nods greeted his question.
“Create your sunlight after three then. One... Two... Three...”
Four beams of sunlight, in varying intensities, flooded down from the ceiling. The creatures were bathed in it, with no place to immediately move that wasn't lit. As they dissipated, the cottage warmed. The room was now flooded with light.
“Well, that worked but I'm afraid we'll be attracting attention now,” Merlin said.
{Anguis, can you finish soon?} Merlin sent.
An image of Merlin and his students departing flashed into Merlin's brain. As they walked across the darkened compound, Anguis came swooping in to land on Merlin's shoulder, the expended crystal in his jaws.
“We need to be going. We're only a few minutes ahead of schedule if we leave now, so let's grab our gear and go,” Merlin said.
The four men gathered their belongings and, after a check with Rein to ensure that no-one was watching, slipped out of the cottage.

Chapter 18
Merlin led his students through the darkened compound with Rein flying overhead to warn Anselm of any obvious patrols or guards. There was more noise than usual for this time of night and Merlin was happy to hear it. He was sure that it was from the warning dreams. Only people deciding that the warning might be for real, and leaving because of it, would be making so much noise at this time of night. 
That will provide a distraction if it's the case. An unanticipated benefit of warning the innocent off, Merlin thought.
They arrived at the truck but Gunter was nowhere to be seen. 
“We'll wait a few minutes, I think we're early,” Merlin said.
Anselm's soft voice broke the silence.
“Rein says there's a single man coming from the direction of the garage.”
“Hopefully it's Gunter,” Merlin said.
The man was walking with a purpose, jangling a set of keys in his hand. He stopped at the correct truck and Merlin noted with relief that it was Gunter.
“Gunter, why are you being so loud?” he asked.
“Merlin. Good, I have the right truck.”
“Please be a bit more quiet.”
“The best way to be unobserved is to act as though you belong where you are, doing what you're doing. If you sneak, you draw attention to yourself,” Gunter said.
He slid into the truck and inserted the key.
“Are you ready? Can we leave? Are you going to do the same thing to the gate guards again?” he asked.
“Dieter, Anselm, Ernst, get in the back of the truck and please be quiet until we're out of here. I'll ride up front to take care of the guards,” Merlin said.
He slid into the front of the truck with Gunter.
“Yes, I'll be doing something similar to get us out of here, assuming it works. There's been a lot more magic in use around here lately. It wouldn't surprise me if the guards have some form of protection now.”
Anguis swooped in the window and landed on Merlin's shoulder. Gunter's eyes widened.
{Anguis, say hello to Gunter before he injures himself please.}
Gunter's wide-eyed stare became glassy for a moment. Then he shook his head and looked at Merlin.
“A dragon? You've got a dragon?”
“Not a real one. Anguis is somewhere between a living creature and an animated statue. He just happens to be in the shape of a dragon.”
“I said it before, I doubt life is ever boring around you.”
“Really, it is. Just not when there are things that need to be done. Like getting out of here before the SS commander takes charge.”
“Right, let's go,” Gunter said.
He started the truck and put it in gear. It sputtered and jerked several times before smoothing out as it picked up speed.
“I hate low gear in these things,” Gunter muttered to himself.
He drove towards the exit from the compound. When the guards were illuminated by the headlamps, there were four instead of the normal two. All of them wore the twin lightning insignia of the SS. 
“Your turn Merlin,” Gunter said.
Merlin saw Gunter's eyes swivel towards him. Gunter's jaw dropped when he saw Merlin as the guards would. A simple illusion caused him to appear as an SS senior assault leader who was currently in residence at the compound. Gunter's eyes turned forward and locked onto the road. Merlin looked out the window at the approaching guard.
“Sir, may I see your clearance to leave the compound?” the guard asked.
Merlin did a quick scan of the guard's mind, discovering what the man expected to see. He added a sheet of paper to his current illusion and held it out into the light for the guard to read.
“As I thought sir, it'll be good to have one of our own in charge here. I've been assigned to this facility for a while and things seem a bit slack.”
Merlin ensured the illusion was thorough enough that the guard would hear the voice associated with the man being impersonated.
“I'm sure my trip will help get this place into the shape it should be in,” Merlin said.
“You may pass sir.”
The guard waved to his partner, who raised the bar at the entrance. Gunter slowly pulled the truck through the gate, managing to accelerate more smoothly this time. Once they were out and headed for the main road Gunter turned to Merlin again. This time Merlin looked like himself.
“That was frightening. You looked, and sounded, just like him. Where are we headed for now?”
“Did you find out where they're holding Johann?”
“Yes, there's a small SS detachment near the airfield he used to fly out of. They arrested him and still have him. They were trying to find out anything about his missions regarding the occult. Word is that he was happy to talk until they tried to force him to give more detail, then he shut up like a clam.”
“Then we'll head towards the airfield we flew into before. I'm of a mind to see if Johann would like to leave as well. We could certainly use a pilot for when we steal a plane.”
“When we what?”
“Steal a plane. It's either that or keep having to fuel this truck up, which might be hard if they notice that we, and it, are missing. Besides, our end destination is either France or Britain and while the truck could get us to the first, it couldn't get us to the second. A very good final reason is that I need to fly over the research facility to give the signal for it to be destroyed,” Merlin said.
“I can't believe what you just said. You want to go where? Do what?”
“I have sources that can get us protection in Britain. At least they think so.”
“But, destroy the research facility?”
“All part and parcel of destroying the crystal I showed you. Have any bad dreams lately?”
“Yes.”
“Would they have caused you to be nowhere near the research facility tomorrow?”
“Probably.”
“All the other innocents within the facility have experienced the same dreams. Those who aren't bothered by the content of those dreams will stay, and be destroyed with it.”
“Merlin, I'm putting a lot of trust in you here. From what you've revealed so far, I'm not sure how sound your plan is.”
“Gunter, the one thing about a plan is that it needs to be readily changed as you go. There are people out there who won't want our plan to succeed, so we need to adjust for that. My plan, as it were, is simply a guideline. There's much flexibility to it. For now just drive towards the airfield, or more accurately towards the area near it where they're holding Johann.”
“As you say Merlin. I hope you know what you're doing.”
“So do I. Oh, by the way, I have a gift for you.”
Merlin slid Horst's pistol from his satchel and handed it to Gunter.
“I noticed you without a weapon the last few times I saw you and thought you might like one. I have other things I can use to defend myself and no familiarity with these.”
“Thank you. I feel better now that I'm armed. Was there any other ammunition?”
“Sorry, that's all I managed to acquire. I didn't even check how many rounds were in it, just that it was loaded.”
“Thank you anyhow. I feel much more useful now that I'm armed.”
“Would you mind if I napped a bit Gunter? I've not been sleeping much recently and could use it.”
“Go ahead. We'll have plenty of time to talk later.”
The loud engine of the truck wasn't enough to keep Merlin awake. He drifted off to sleep, his dreams fragmented but pleasant. 
* * *
Merlin thought it was about an hour later when Gunter woke him.
“Merlin, we're about fifteen minutes away from where they're holding Johann. I don't know anything about the interior of the base or the building. I've never been there before.”
“Can you get us to where we can see the base without being seen? Or at least without drawing suspicion down on us?”
“Probably. Let me see what I can do. I know the area a little and there might be a spot.”
The spot ended up being a slight rise a couple of kilometers away from the base.
“Will this do? There aren't any higher elevations closer to it.”
“I think it will. Would you go and check on the students in back? I'm going to scout out the base a bit.”
“From this distance? How are you going to–” Gunter stopped his question midstream.
“Never mind. You'll use wizardry, won't you?”
Merlin nodded.
Gunter exited the truck and went around back. Merlin fell into a trance and split his awareness. He sent a thin thread of it towards the base visible in the distance.
As Merlin approached the base he noted that it was surrounded by wards. They were powerful, but crude.
Evidently my students are not all the wizards that the German army has available to them, he thought.
Merlin found it easy to slip through the wards. Despite their power they were crude, sloppy, and easy for him to finesse. His probe slid into the base and looked around.
 More wards in that direction, a lot of them. Those are all side by side. It looks like they may have their cells protected as well as the outer perimeter, he thought.
Merlin moved towards the wards he guessed were on the cells. He passed into the corridor adjoining them and found that it was a cell block. One entire side of the hallway consisted of cells with individual wards. They were as powerful as those on the outer perimeter but more finely crafted. He could still look through the doors though and he found that three of those cells were occupied, although none of the occupants was Johann. 
Merlin moved down the non-warded side and found Johann in the middle cell. The pilot was in poor condition, bruises and contusions marking the skin that Merlin could see. Merlin slid into the cell and spoke into Johann's mind.
{Johann, do you wish to leave this place? Leave this country?}
The surface of Johann's mind carried an entirely different message from the words he spoke aloud.
“I'm a loyal German. I'm an officer and a pilot. I wish to serve my country.”
{If I could get out of this place, I'd be gone in a minute. Now that I know the truth, I want nothing to do with the SS. I'd kill them all if I could.}
{Johann, no need to speak aloud, just think your answer. This is Merlin. I'm leaving the country since I've found out the truth about the SS as well. Do you want to accompany me?}
{Merlin, is it really you?}
{Yes, Gunter is with me as well as several of my students. We'll free you if we can, then we'll steal a plane and you can fly us out.}
{No Merlin, I can't fly.}
Johann held up his hands. His fingers had been broken badly and never set. Merlin could feel the pain radiating from them.
{I can heal those eventually. Do you want us to get you out? We'll find another means of flight.}
Johann's mind burned with his reply.
{Yes, get me out of here but not at the cost of anyone's life please. If you can get me out without endangering yourselves I'll be eternally grateful.}
{Be ready.}
Merlin terminated the conversation more abruptly than he intended. There was another wizard, also out of his body, in the area. He worked to keep the fragment of his awareness hidden while he observed the other wizard.
At first he thought there was someone physically present in the hall. Then he realized that what he thought was a person's body was actually a projection from the other wizard. As opposed to sending a fragment of his awareness out, the other wizard had placed all of his awareness into a semblance of his physical body and sent that out.
What a clumsy method of projection. Well, that's probably how he was taught, but it's still very limiting. Puts the physical body in danger as well if the projection is destroyed. Works to my benefit though. He'll be much slower that way if he notices me.
Merlin watched as the other wizard peered into the warded cells then turned around.
Is he actually sending his projection up the stairs as opposed to willing it to where he wants it to be? That fits with the crudity of the outer wards at least, Merlin thought.
Merlin followed the other wizard's projection as it plodded towards the perimeter wards. The projection went right to the place where Merlin came through the wards but after examining it, the projection shook its head as though it were a physical body. After a few more moments, it vanished.
Merlin moved about the base, memorizing its basic layout well enough to sketch it out when he returned to his body. He found two more warded rooms. One ward resembled that on the outside perimeter and the second resembled the more finely crafted wards on the prison cells. He spent a bit more time in the cell block and the area providing access to it so he could make a better map of those sections. Then he returned to the truck.
“Well, we'll need to figure something out,” he said.
Gunter and his students were right outside the cab of the truck.
“A problem?” Gunter asked.
“Johann would like us to get him out but they've damaged his hands and he doesn't think he can fly.”
“Damaged his hands how?”
“It looks like they broke his fingers and never set them. They're healing crookedly and causing him pain. So he fears he cannot fly.”
“How will we escape Germany then?”
“We can drive the truck, as you suggested before.”
“But the reasons you gave not to do so are still true. Plus you said you needed to fly over the facility to destroy it.”
“It isn't optimal but if Anselm's owl were willing I could set a spell on the crystal that will power it and have the owl drop it on the building.”
“Wait Merlin, I have an idea,” Dieter said.
“Go ahead.”
“Well, you pushed the memories given you by the crystal from your mind to ours. Could you push Johann's memories of flying, or of being taught to fly, to someone? Transfer the skill somehow? Then they could pilot the airplane.”
“That might work Dieter. Let me give it some thought. Meanwhile, here's what the interior of the base looks like.”
Merlin sketched out the base from memory.
“There is one other issue as well. They have a wizard, or possibly two wizards, on the base.”
Merlin detailed his encounter with the one wizard and told them that there was another warded room that might house a second one.
Gunter and Merlin did the majority of the planning. Gunter was so impressed by the illusion Merlin used to get them out of the compound that he thought they could get into the base with it.
“If the guards are anything like the other SS members I've known. They will immediately allow you entry. It's like they worship any SS officer and believe that no-one would have the audacity to impersonate one. For that matter, most Germans wouldn't do so for fear of reprisal.”
“My only fear is the ward on the perimeter. It might be triggered by magic passing through.”
“You already passed through it once.”
“But the wizard noticed.”
“And seemed to dismiss it. I think it will work and it's quick. We don't have a lot of time if we're going to stay on the schedule you gave me.”
They argued the details but both agreed that a non-violent assault was the best option. If it came to a fight they were heavily outnumbered. Even if they managed to win a fight, they'd be slowed down drastically. The end decision was to go in with Merlin impersonating an SS officer. They'd demand Johann, claiming that they had surefire methods to make him talk elsewhere. Then they'd leave and go to the airfield.
Gunter drove the truck towards the gate, once again glancing at Merlin and seeing an SS officer in his place.
“That's truly unsettling. I'm almost sorry for suggesting you use it again,” Gunter said.
“Just drive Gunter.”
The truck stopped at the gate to the base. A guard walked forward slowly, one hand on his sidearm. He approached the driver side window.
“Why are you here?” the guard asked.
Gunter gestured to the passenger seat.
“His orders.”
The guard looked over and his demeanor instantly changed.
“Sorry sir, I wasn't notified that anyone would be in tonight.”
“We're here to pick up a prisoner. The one that's made a laughingstock of you? We can't tolerate that occurring. We'll take him somewhere we can break him quickly,” Merlin said.
Merlin glanced down at the folder he'd included in his illusion this time.
“The prisoner's name is Johann Adler. Where can we find him?”
“I'll need to see your authorization sir,” the guard said.
He walked around to the passenger side of the truck providing Merlin the time to scan his mind and see what the authorization should look like. Then, when the guard leaned in the window, Merlin showed him what he expected to see.
“All seems in order. Go to the main building, the cell block is all the way in back. I don't know what cell he's in but you can ask the guard on duty there.”
The guard walked back and opened the gate for them to enter.
Gunter drove to the parking lot in front of the main building. When Merlin got out he spoke softly through the fabric on the back of the truck.
“Stay on guard but keep quiet. Hopefully we'll be out with Johann in just a few minutes.”
Gunter strode to the building with Merlin following. He opened the door and allowed Merlin to enter first, then followed as they went to the cell block.
“Gunter, would a senior SS man be escorted by regular army?”
“No.”
“Than I apologize but your insignia are going to appear different for a bit.”
Gunter grimaced but stayed quiet. 
When they entered the cell block, Merlin's body language changed. Now he possessed the arrogant stride of the self-assured SS officer he was impersonating.
“Get our prisoner,” he ordered Gunter.
Gunter approached the guard at the desk.
“We are taking the prisoner Johann Adler. Please show us to him.”
The guard was lower rank than either Gunter or Merlin appeared to be and looked desperately unhappy by the demand.
“Sorry, but I'll need to see orders for that first,” he said.
Merlin strode over to the desk and held his illusionary folder in front of them. It showed the guard the same thing the soldier at the gate expected to see.
“Do you have my copy there?” the guard asked.
Merlin sighed inwardly.
There goes a touch more power, he thought.
He created a sheet of paper that looked identical to the illusion he showed the man. Then he slid it out from under the illusionary copy and dropped it on the desk. Throughout it all he glared at the guard. When the paper came to a stop on the desk he spoke.
“Our prisoner?” 
“Yes, sir. One moment sir.”
The guard grabbed a ring of keys and escorted Merlin and Gunter into the cell block corridor. When they were part way down the corridor, a voice from inside one of the warded cells called out.
“I can feel you out there wizard, you come to torture me again?”
Merlin turned towards the door the voice came from. Gunter turned towards the guard who was escorting them. When the guard's eyes widened and he began to turn, Gunter jumped him.
“Merlin, the guard,” he said.
Merlin turned to see Gunter and the guard fighting. The guard tried to break away and flee up the corridor but Gunter held him tight.
“Demon spawned night! Why must everything be harder and costlier than it should be?” Merlin said.
He reached out and touched a particular portion of the guard's mind with his magic. The guard went limp in Gunter's hands.
“He'll sleep for several hours now Gunter. You can let him go.”
Merlin took the keys from the guard's belt then turned back to the cell.
“You in there, how could you tell I was a wizard?”
“You trying to torture my mind again? That's why you people have me imprisoned. Cause I can tell you from everyone else.”
Merlin peered in. A middle aged man, gaunt and filthy, was chained to the wall. 
“Who are you? You're new here. I haven't seen you before and you don't look like the ones that've been tormenting me,” the prisoner said.
“I'm here to rescue a friend. You nearly ruined my plans when you called out.”
“Get me out of here.”
“I'll try to release you on my way out. I'm sure that when I open this door, the wizard who put protections on your cell will know. So let me get my friend on his way out of here and then I'll see what I can do. Who are the others in the warded cells?”
“Two wizards. They were brought in about the same time as me.”
Merlin turned to the other side of the hall. A quick search of the keyring turned up the key to unlock Johann's cell. When the lock clicked open and he entered, Johann turned. 
“Merlin, it was you. I was afraid they were trying some other form of torture on me.”
“No, it was me. Follow Gunter and he'll get you out to the truck. I'll be along in a moment.”
“What are you doing Merlin?” Gunter asked.
“Freeing the others from the warded cells.”
“Won't that alert their wizards?”
“Probably.”
“Then why endanger our escape, we've got to get out of here quickly.”
“Because it's what I need to do, it's the right thing to do. You can justify it if you want, there will no longer be two wizards here to follow us magically when I'm done.”
“Merlin...” Gunter's voice trailed off.
Gunter turned to Johann and muttered something about fool wizards as he helped him up the corridor.
Merlin turned back to the man he was speaking with before.
“So, I need to give my friend a minute or two to get out of here then I'll release you. I expect we'll have company shortly after that. What do you know of the other two here?”
“Just that they were both captured as I was. They're called Djordji and Pitti. I think they're father and son.”
“How were you captured?”
“Someone invaded my mind. They managed to subdue me and take my body over. When I was in control again I found my body in the cell here. The wizards on either side told me that their protections were drained and they were taken in their sleep in a like fashion.”
Horst, Merlin thought, that's what he was doing and why he had that knife.
“So, shall we wake your friends? I'll let all three of you out. There are one or two wizards on the base here and I expect they'll show up once I breach the wards on your cells.”
A different voice answered.
“No need, we're awake and listening.”
“Well then, are either of you chained?”
“No, Verruckt is chained because if he touches a wizard, he drains their power.”
“Only when I want to,” Verruckt replied.
“Good, then should the wizards show up, get your hands on them. I'm going to open all three doors as quickly as I can and get your chains off of you.”
“If you throw a spell at these doors, it will go badly for you,” Djordji warned.
“I have the keys,” Merlin said.
Silence ruled in the hall for another minute as Merlin forced himself to wait until he thought Gunter and Johann were at the truck. 
He opened the three doors, the one holding Verruckt last.
“The key for my chains isn't on there,” Verruckt said.
“Well then, tug as hard as you can.”
Merlin looked deep within the stone that the chains were bolted to. When he found tiny flaws and fissures in the stone, he widened them. Within moments, the first chain was free, although still around Verruckt's wrist. The second one followed soon after.
“Sorry, can't do anything about the chains themselves at the moment,” Merlin said.
“They'll make a good weapon to smash in that wizard's face if he shows up.”
Merlin went back out into the hallway, followed by Verruckt. The other two were standing there, waiting. Djordji was an older man, apparently in his forties, Pitti was younger, only in his late teens.
“Follow me and we'll get you out of here,” Merlin said.
He went back up the corridor towards the guard room. When he reached it, the door to the exit was closed.
“Wait. I left that door open and my friends wouldn't have closed it.”
Merlin split his awareness and peered at the door with his Sight.
“There's a spell on the door. It's going to discharge into anyone who opens it,” he said.
Verruckt looked at the door, then reached out and opened it. A bright flash of light filled the room when his hand touched the knob. Merlin looked towards the door with afterimages of the light dancing in his vision. For a moment Verruckt appeared different, much shorter and stockier. But when Merlin's vision cleared, the man looked normal and the chains were flickering with a blue-white light.
“Idiots, they chained me so I wouldn't drain their energy but never considered that I might be able to do the same to their spells.”
He opened the door and stepped into the hallway with Merlin close behind. The other two followed along after a few seconds. Before Merlin was halfway down the hall, unwelcome company arrived.
An SS officer stepped out at the far end of the corridor, between Merlin and the exit. A second man moved to stand beside him. The second man looked familiar, very much like the projection Merlin encountered during his scouting. 
“The one in back is a wizard,” Merlin said.
“No, the both of them are,” Verruckt replied.
Verruckt stepped away from Merlin. He grasped the chains where they attached to the cuffs and began to spin the loose ends. Merlin braced himself for an attack, erecting physical and mental shields. 
The SS officer stared intently past the swinging chains. Merlin could tell he was trying something and split off a tiny bit of awareness to use his Sight. He Saw small bolts of energy darting at Verruckt but evidently Verruckt did as well. The pattern the chains were swinging in changed, striking the energy and sending it smashing into the floor and walls. 
Merlin Saw that the second man was forming a projection of himself. It coalesced slowly and began to move down the hallway. He ignored the projection for the moment and focused on the SS officer.
After his first attack was thwarted, the officer tried changed tactics. Merlin saw, with both his eyes and his Sight, a sphere of purple and black energy forming in the officer's hands. The sphere drifted away from the officer, floating purposefully down the hallway. Verruckt advanced to meet it.
Merlin turned his attention back to the second man. His projection was now halfway between his body and Merlin. A shimmering object formed in the projection's hand, solidifying into the form of a sword. As the projection advanced, it raised the sword high.
Merlin looked at the projection and then at the man's body. With a sigh, he sent his awareness to the body. The opposing wizard was using so much of his self in his projection that his body was relatively unguarded. A small bit of Merlin's power was sufficient to cause a ragged piece of cloth from the man's clothing to apport into his throat. The projection reached Merlin's body and brought the sword crashing down, only to find that Merlin's shields were sufficient protection to stop it from touching him.
The projection raised the sword again before realizing that its body was in distress. It vanished and Merlin Saw the man's self become resident in his body once more. The man's hands went to his throat but his airway was completely clogged. He collapsed a few seconds later without making a sound.
Merlin turned back to the officer and Verruckt. The officer was controlling the sphere, making it dodge the attacks from the chains. Verruckt had a bluish looking spot on one side of his face with a crust of rime surrounding the discolored portion. The sphere was smaller though and as Merlin watched it was struck by a chain. 
The chain discharged a blue-white flash of light and the sphere responded by shrinking. Merlin moved his awareness beside the officer and found that there was a connection between him and the sphere. 
He's controlling it mentally. I can break that, Merlin thought.
Merlin interposed his awareness between the officer and the sphere. He snapped a mental shield into place around his awareness, breaking the contact between wizard and sphere. Merlin glanced back to see a chain shatter the sphere into tiny fragments that immediately dissipated.
Verruckt came down the hall at a run, chains spinning at a dizzying speed. Merlin snapped his awareness back into his body just in time to see the chains strike the officer. The SS officer dropped quickly but Verruckt continued to strike.
Merlin cautiously approached him.
“You can stop now, he's no threat any more.”
Merlin had to repeat himself twice, louder each time, before the message got through. The other two former prisoners caught up to them while Merlin was repeating himself.
“So he isn't. I hope he's dead,” Verruckt said.
“If he's not, he's close enough. We need to leave. We have transportation and can get you away from this base but I'm afraid we'll have to drop you off after that. Our next mode of transportation is going to be overcrowded already.”
“Get me out of this place and I'll never be returning.”
“Yes, please get my son and myself out,” Djordji said.
“Follow me then.”
Merlin left the building and led the three ex-prisoners to the truck.

Chapter 19
On the way out they passed through the well-lit entryway. Merlin noticed that both Djordji and Pitti were wearing brightly colored silks, worse for wear, as part of their clothing.
“Djordji, the sound of your name and your clothing lead me to believe that you are Rom, is that so?”
Djordji nodded.
“Yes, I am.”
“I was given a message to pass to your people. I was asked to tell you that the beggar boy in silks came to a good end. Although, I believe the end he was speaking of will not fully occur until later this morning.”
“What is this? Plamen was the beggar boy in silks but he disappeared several months ago with his entire group.”
Merlin told him of his dealings with Plamen, summarizing as quickly as he could.
“There is more to the story than that, I can tell. But if what you say is true then the Rom owe you a debt for taking vengeance for Plamen and his people. What is your name? I shall spread the story among the Rom.”
“Merlin.”
Verruckt cackled.
“and they call me a madman? I always thought Merlin had a beard.”
Merlin's hand moved up to stroke his bare chin.
“I did, until a short while ago. I was among those who went bare-faced and I followed their custom so as not to appear suspicious. I was already viewed with distrust and saw no reason to stand out over something that I could replace in minutes,” Merlin said.
Verruckt shook his head.
“Verruckt, you are a wizard of sorts, are you not?”
“Yes. A highly skilled one although some say it came at the cost of my sanity.”
“Use your other senses to view me. Then tell me what you think.”
In the brief pause that followed Merlin noticed that all three of the wizards were following his advice.
“Maybe it's true. If so there is more of a tale than you are telling,” Verruckt said.
“There's no time for the whole tale. The Germans found and woke me. When I discovered their true nature I arranged an escape. The very one that is now being delayed.”
“I am known as Verruckt Bergmann and I tell you that I am in your debt. Should you have need of me I will assist as I may. I hope that if my aid is required, you will tell me the rest of your story.”
“Done and thank you. Now please climb in the truck, all of you. My students are in the back, as is the man we came here to rescue. You'll ride with them for now until we find a safer place to drop you off.”
The three wizards climbed in the back of the truck as Merlin slid into the cab.
“We've delayed too long Merlin. I saw soldiers moving towards the gatehouse,” Gunter said.
“But it will only be soldiers. The two wizards that were here will be unable to assist them.”
“You took care of them?”
“They won't be a problem to anyone any more. Drive please, we have a schedule to keep and one extra stop to make now.”
“Why?”
“Two reasons. The first is to let the wizards I just rescued go on their way. They can't join us, there isn't enough room in the plane. The second is so I can set up a spell to transfer the basic knowledge of piloting from Johann.”
“That assumes we make it out of here alive,” Gunter said.
He put the truck in gear and accelerated towards the distant gate.
{Dieter, make sure everyone that can puts up physical shields. There will be bullets flying soon. If all of you can work together, you can shield the entire back of the truck. If not, use individual shields but make sure Johann is shielded as well.} Merlin sent.
{We'll do it.}
Merlin started working on a large scale shield for the front of the truck. He planned it in a wedge shape, sweeping away to either side of the hood. He thought it would send the bullets away from the truck at an angle with that shape. When the truck hit the gate, the shield would absorb most of the impact and then dissipate. After he was satisfied with the shield design, he waited before actually creating it. The drain on his energy would be high and he wanted to hold the shield for the least amount of time possible.
As the truck raced towards the gate Merlin saw that there were many more guards there now. When the first of them put his rifle to his shoulder, Merlin poured energy into the spell structure of the shield. There was nothing to see with his eyes until the first bullet struck it. Then the view shimmered as though it were being seen through waves of heat rising off a hot roof.
It wasn't long before the view was constantly shimmering from bullets striking the shield in rapid succession. Merlin slid a hand into his satchel to make contact with the crystal containing the death magic. He needed nearly all the power from it later, but that assumed that they lived until then. If necessary he would siphon some of the power from the crystal to reinforce his shield.
Gunter kept the truck accelerating throughout all of this, except for a momentary slowing when the first bullets were fired at the truck. When he saw the reaction of the shield, and realized Merlin was protecting them, he resumed acceleration. He was determined to get the truck going as fast as he could before impact.
The guards at the gate realized that their fire was having no effect. The bullets hit the shield in an almost constant stream and the shield glowed like a translucent foxfire. When the guards saw the truck still coming at them in a straight line, now tipped with a glowing wedge, most of them lost their nerve and cleared out of the truck's path.
Two of the guards remained at their station. One continued to fire his rifle with mechanical regularity. The second one held up something wooden with a metal cylinder on one end. He hurled it into the path of the truck and then he, and the other remaining guard, threw themselves to either side of the road.
Merlin couldn't identify the item that was thrown but Gunter saw it as well.
“Merlin, grenade!”
That was one of the things he warned me about before. What did it do? Oh, Demon Shit! I remember, Merlin thought.
Merlin drew on the power from the crystal, reinforcing his shield. The grenade was struck by the shield and swept to the side before it exploded. The shield absorbed most of the concussion, but the truck still rocked from the remainder. Merlin was slammed into the passenger side window when his shield absorbed the impact and part of it was transferred to him.
He held on to the shield desperately. 
We'll hit the gate in another second. If the truck hits it directly with no shield in the way, we won't be driving any farther this morning, he thought.
Merlin was buffeted again. This time he was slammed against the back of the seat as his shield struck the gate. The shield dissipated as planned. But first it breached the gate and got the broken pieces moving. The truck hit the remaining portions hard enough to bounce around some more but not hard enough to do any serious damage.
Gunter kept the truck going as fast as he could while maintaining control. They raced away from the base at high speed and at the first intersection he took the turn leading to the airstrip.
“I'll say it again Merlin, you can be quite scary. I'd hate to have you angry with me.”
“That would be difficult. I keep my anger and rage contained. It takes a lot to release them.”
“Like I said, I'd hate to have you angry with me. I imagine it's neither pretty nor safe to be around you when they're released.”
Merlin's voice wavered slightly as he answered.
“Probably not, that's why I keep them in check.”
Gunter turned to look at Merlin
“You're bleeding Merlin. Are you injured?”
“Maybe, my head's throbbing right now. I'll examine the wound as soon as the headache fades some.”
“We're only about twenty minutes from the airstrip so I hope your headache fades quickly.”
“If past experience is any indicator, it should fade in five or ten minutes. If you see a good place to let our extra passengers off, one where they can find cover quickly, then pull over please. It doesn't look like anyone is following us yet so we can spare a minute or two.”
Gunter grunted in reply but kept his eyes on the road.
A minute later Merlin's headache started to subside. 
{Dieter, is everyone alright back there?}
{Bumped around a bit but no-one is injured thanks to your warning to shield. The fabric over the back looks like moths have been at it though.}
{Good, we'll try to find a place to drop off our extra passengers shortly.}
Merlin kept scanning the area, looking for some terrain feature the freed wizards could disappear into. A few minutes later he pointed to a side road.
“Go up there Gunter. It looks like there are some wooded hills a few miles down the road. That'll be perfect for concealment.”
“Do we have the time?” Gunter asked.
“We can't take them with us, and just leaving them at the airstrip is likely to get them killed.”
“As you say Merlin.”
Merlin could tell that Gunter hated the loss of time. He took the turn anyhow and the truck jounced up the poorly maintained dirt road to the base of the hills.
“Stop here Gunter,” Merlin said, “The trees come all the way down the hill. We'll just get them under cover and then continue on our way.”
Merlin slid out of the truck and called the freed prisoners out. 
“We're going to leave you off here. There's good cover for hiding. I'm sorry I can't do more but we can't take you with us, there isn't enough room.”
“Thank you Merlin,” Verruckt said, “No need to be sorry, you got us out of that hellhole. I won't be going back again, I'll tell you. When they took me, I was more amused than anything else. I thought they'd realize they made an error and let me go. Then I found out there was no error, they were targeting any wizards they could find. Next time, I won't go peacefully.”
“Merlin, you're bleeding. May I?” Djordji asked.
Merlin nodded.
Djordji reached a gentle hand to the wound on the side of Merlin's head. Merlin felt a warm prickling and when he reached up the wound was closed. The remaining discomfort of his headache fled, washed away by the healing.
“Thank you. You should go now though if you wish to be into heavy cover by dawn,” Merlin said.
“We will be fine. These hills have trails known to the Rom. I believe they are still unknown to the SS. We will follow them, find our people, and leave this country,” Djordji said.
“Thank you,” Pitti piped in, “I may not be an elder but if you need any assistance that I can provide, simply ask me.”
“My son shames me. It is the way of the Rom to avoid debt when possible. I thought, when you claimed to be Merlin, that you were mad and I sought to avoid acknowledging the debt. Now I think that you are not mad and that the world is stranger than I believed. In this case I think my attempt to avoid debt shames me even more than my son has. If I may be of assistance to you, I shall do so. Other Rom may also help should you tell them what you told me of Plamen. My name is not unknown to them either.”
“My thanks again, but now you need to flee and we must continue with our plans. If they work, there will be both more and less trouble for those with magic in this country. Djordji, if you would tell any other wizards you see in Germany that it is not a safe place for them now?”
Djordji nodded.
“I would have done so without your request.”
“Verruckt, please tell any others that you know of with magic what has transpired as well and urge them to flee the country.”
Verruckt chuckled.
“I see you don't mention wizards to me. You've seen through my disguise haven't you?”
“Suffice it to say that should I ever need master miners or diggers, I know who to look for.”
“Well then, I'll be on my way. I'll tell my folk what you advise, though we're as liable to go deep as we are to flee the country.”
“As you wish. Now, I have other things to do. Gunter is impatient with me, probably with good reason, and he will have to wait longer yet,” Merlin said.
The three ex-prisoners slipped into the forest and before Merlin leaned into the cab of the truck he could no longer see them. 
“Can we go now? I've been watching the main road and there doesn't seem to be any pursuit. That worries me even more than if there were someone following us,” Gunter said.
“One more thing Gunter. I need to start the transfer of pilot skills to Dieter. Otherwise we still won't be going anywhere when we get to the airplane.”
Gunter shook his head and returned his gaze to the main road, watching for pursuit.
Merlin hopped into the back of the truck. His headache was gone now so he could arrange for the transfer of memories.
“Johann, we have need of your skills. I know that you can't use them but are you willing to share them?”
“I can't teach someone to fly in just a few minutes if that's what you mean.”
“You can, with my assistance. How long would it take your mind to call up all your memories of flying? Both of being taught it and memories of doing it.”
“Not that long I suppose.”
“If you're willing, I'll assist you in sharing those memories with someone else.”
“If it gets us out of this Godforsaken country, then yes,” Johann responded
“Dieter, it was your idea. Will you pilot the plane?” Merlin asked.
Dieter paled, but nodded his assent.
Merlin created a link between the minds of the two men.
“Johann, you just need to think of all those memories I mentioned. Try to avoid consciously thinking of anything else since those thoughts will be shared as well.”
“I'll do that.”
“Dieter, just try to treat them all as memories you're recalling and storing in your mind again. It should allow you enough familiarity with piloting to fly us out of here.”
“Yes Merlin.”
Merlin climbed out the back of the truck. As he was walking to the cab he heard Dieter speak aloud.
“Yes Johann, he does things that sound insane on the surface, but they work. How else would I have just been able to answer your thoughts. Now, concentrate on flying please.” 
Gunter started the truck again, muttering as he did so.
“Finally.”
“Let's get out of here Gunter. Take us to the airstrip.”
The truck jerked into gear and bumped down the dirt road, heading back to the paved one that would take them to their destination.
After Gunter reached the smoother main road and turned towards the airstrip. Merlin finished preparations for the destruction of the facility by setting several spells on the crystal containing the remaining death magic.

Chapter 20
The airstrip was completely dark when they approached it.
“Merlin, there should be lights, movement, something.”
“You're right Gunter. I think they know we're coming. I'll check it out in a moment. No-one gets out of the truck yet.”
Merlin sent his thoughts back and broke the tie between Johann and Dieter.
{Dieter}
The feeling of an agonizing headache was Merlin's only reply.
{Anselm?}
{Merlin?}
{Yes. Dieter seems incapacitated at the moment. We're stopping the truck, no-one gets out yet though, there's something amiss.}
{I'll tell them Merlin.}
Merlin cast his thoughts in a wide net about the airstrip. There were people there, he could feel them, but he couldn't pinpoint their locations. There was some sort of mist surrounding their minds that prevented it.
“There are people here but someone has them hidden from me,” Merlin said.
“So, what do we do now?” Dieter asked.
“I'll lure them out and then we'll see.”
“Can't someone else do that? You're too important to the plan to take that risk.”
“There are two reasons for it to be me. The first is that I have the best shields of anyone here. The second is that I'll never send someone to do something I'm unwilling to do myself. I'd love to have someone else do it, but I can do it with the best chance of survival.”
“Scary and moral. I don't know if that makes you more frightening or less.”
Merlin used his cloaking shield to make himself invisible, raising both a physical and mental shield at the same time. Merlin opened his door and Gunter looked over, possibly to make a comment. When Gunter saw no-one there, his jaw dropped.
“Definitely more frightening,” he said to himself.
Merlin slid out of the truck and slowly walked out towards the center of the airstrip. 
{Gunter, tell the others to shield and get out of the truck. All of you take cover someplace, I like this less and less.}
Merlin heard hurried movements behind him at the truck as he continued to try to pinpoint the location of the minds he could sense but not pin down. His awareness surrounded the airstrip now but the minds he could sense seemed to be everywhere and nowhere.
A voice, amplified beyond normal volume, broke the silence with a shout.
“Now”
Merlin heard engines start up all around the airstrip. Moments later, blinding lights turned the center of the airstrip brighter than day. The voice cried out again.
“Fire near the shadows.”
Merlin looked down and saw that his cloaking spell was keeping him hidden, but shadows stretched out beyond him on the side opposite every searchlight. The shadows bracketed his location like a bulls-eye on the ground.
Bullets started whistling through the night and Merlin found himself surrounded by a horizontal hail of metal. He dropped his cloaking shield to reinforce his physical one. Moments later he let his mental shield go as well. His physical shield was now strong enough to hold off the constant rain of bullets. They struck his shield in a continuous impact and the amount of energy it absorbed caused the shield to start glowing. 
A cry of pain, abruptly cut off, caused him to turn and look back. A body lay collapsed on the ground behind the truck. A quick thread of his awareness sent to check told him that it was Dieter and that, while he was still alive, the wounds were mortal. Both heart and lungs were damaged and the less damaged lung was quickly filling with blood. 
Merlin's temper was legendary at the court of King Arthur. As he loosed it into the night, a new age discovered why.
Merlin went utterly cold. No emotion colored his face, nor distracted his thoughts. His breathing was still entirely normal and the only thought in his mind was the annihilation of this threat. His hand dipped into the satchel and withdrew the candle. A moment's thought brought it alight, the flame burning six inches into the air beyond the end of the wick. The orange flame was threaded through with pale blue and virulent green threads.
Merlin could now tell where the people were around the airfield. The location of their minds was still obscured so he simply pointed towards where he saw the most rifles firing. A ball of flame shot from the end of the candle. It began as a bright orange sphere the size of a man's fist. As it crossed the intervening distance between him and his targets it grew to the size of a man. The flames that increased its size were in the blue and green of Merlin's rage.
The ball struck the center of a squad of SS soldiers. It exploded and bits of flame flew through the night. Where the tiny flickers of flame landed, they ignited more fires. Both the original bits of flame and the fires started by them couldn't be extinguished. They burned anything they touched and then ignited the ground they landed upon.
Merlin swept the airstrip with his eyes, ball after ball of fire rushing through the night to strike the people who would harm him or those under his protection. Ammunition exploded, the rounds cooking off in the intense heat of the flames. The sound hammered his eardrums as though an entire platoon of machine gunners were opening fire simultaneously.
The acrid scent of burnt gunpowder accompanied the thick smoke that filled the airstrip. Merlin spat to remove the oily taste from his mouth and peered through the smoke to see if any of the SS soldiers were still alive.
Within minutes the entire perimeter of the airfield, except for the hangars containing the planes, was burning. There were no more gunshots and the final few screams were fading away. A single man stepped out of the smoke and flames onto the airstrip as the fires burned low.
“Expended your rage, have you?” the man taunted.
Merlin was too tired to speak. His anger still raged within him but he was trying to contain it. It took an enormous act of willpower to kill the flames he previously released and fueled. Instead of answering, he simply glared at the man.
The man smiled and extended a hand. A bolt of blue-white electricity flew from it towards Merlin, the lightning crackling and forking as it covered the distance.
Merlin released his partially contained rage and used it to fuel a shield against magic. The bolt struck the shield and was deflected into the ground.
“No, I haven't,” Merlin answered.
The stub of the candle still burned in Merlin's hand. He released the last of the energies in it, throwing a massive ball of fire towards the wizard.
The wizard stepped through the fire, unharmed.
“Just the one trick then? You'll have to do better than that.”
The man gestured and a wind whipped up about Merlin. It formed a circle with him at the center and as it blew it picked up dirt and rocks from the ground, hurling them against his shield.
A wave of Merlin's hand stilled the wind, the solid objects in it drifting or dropping to the ground according to their weight. Merlin glared at the other wizard.
I've no time for this, Dieter is dying. Maybe I was wrong and there's something I can do for him, Merlin thought.
Merlin's smile looked like the rictus of a corpse to the opposing wizard as he drove a portion of his awareness into the ground.
A hole, three meters square, opened up beneath the other wizard. The materials removed from the hole appeared in the air over the man's head. He tumbled into the hole, the dirt and stone falling on top of him.
The crackling of the fires was the only sound on the airfield, for a moment at least. Then a geyser of dirt erupted upwards, the center of it containing the other wizard. Merlin looked at him for a moment then snapped out in a loud voice.
“Gunter, shoot him.”
The sound of two pistol shots rang out. Both struck the intended target and the wizard, who was trying to send another attack against Merlin, fell to the ground. Merlin turned his back on him and hurried towards Dieter.
“How did you know that I could shoot him? I saw bullets bouncing off of you,” Gunter asked.
“His clothes. They got dirty when I dropped him into the ground and he came back out. If he were protected by a physical shield, there wouldn't have been dirt on them. No more questions now, Dieter is badly wounded.”
Gunter looked where Merlin was headed and silenced his next question.
Merlin knelt beside Dieter. The student was still alive but only barely.
“Dieter, can you hear me?”
Dieter's eyes flickered. His mouth moved but no sound emerged.
{Dieter, can you concentrate enough for this?}
{Yes Merlin, but it hurts.}
{I'm going to try to heal you now. It may hurt more for a bit.}
{Don't waste your energy Merlin. We both know it's a mortal wound. I've been trying to patch it since it happened and I'm barely extending what time I have left.}
{Let me try.}
{No Merlin, save your energy for what's coming.}
Dieter coughed and blood trickled from his mouth to join the stains on his shirt.
{Oh, Dieter...}
{I should have liked to have a farm of my own, some livestock, perhaps a wife.}
{You deserve that, at the very least.}
{I've one request of you Merlin.}
{Ask it, if it's within my powers I'll grant it.}
{What we're doing still needs to be done. I want to help. Capture my death energies and let me help destroy that place in whatever manner I can.}
Merlin was torn. He'd resolved not to use death magic after his discoveries regarding it. His promise to Dieter took precedence though.
{It shall be as you wish.}
{Then I don't want to waste any more energy keeping myself alive.}
{Farewell Dieter.}
{Good-bye Merlin.}
Dieter's mental voice slowly faded,
{A wife would have been nice...}
and was gone.
Merlin reached into the satchel to touch the crystal and draw Dieter's death energies into it. Despite his use of the crystal's energies earlier in the evening it was filled nearly to the point of shattering when he was done.
Merlin stood, his body rigid, tears streaming down his face.
Dieter... he would've been very powerful if I could have finished training him. My student... no. My friend deserves burial honors. I shall give him a pyre the likes this country hasn't seen in ages.
“Gunter, take Johann and find which plane we shall use. Once we have it on the runway, I will give Dieter a pyre made from everything else on this airstrip. The soldiers are all dead so there's no danger,” Merlin snapped.
Gunter wouldn't look Merlin in the eyes. He seemed to be keeping his distance as well. He gathered up Johann and the two men walked to the hangars.
Merlin walked over to the two remaining students.
“What happened?”
“You told Gunter to have us shield and take cover. Dieter threw a shield over Johann to protect him since he wasn't a wizard. He was putting a shield on himself next. He staggered and looked exhausted. I went to help him but he told me he'd shield and be out in a moment, that he was just still dizzy from learning the piloting skills.”
Anselm shook his head.
“And?” Merlin urged.
“The next time I saw him, he was coming out the back of the truck but still not shielded. Then the gunfire started,” Anselm said.
Merlin's shoulders slumped.
“We need someone to pilot still. If neither of you are willing then I'll do it myself. We don't have the time to do it as planned though. We'll use a slightly less dignified option.”
“What exactly does that mean?” Ernst asked.
“I'm going to use magic that will allow Johann control over the pilot's body. The person who owns the body will see everything that happens but be unable to control it. They'll be a passenger inside themselves. Before you ask, yes it's similar to what Horst did. The main difference is that I'll use a volunteer for it.”
“You have other things you need to be doing, don't you?” Anselm asked.
“Yes, but I might be able to do those while Johann controls my body. Magic uses the mind, not the body, and my mind would still be under my own control.”
“Only might? You don't know for sure?” Anselm said.
“I don't know for sure, no.”
“Then I'll do it.”
“Good man. I'll make sure it's acceptable to Johann.”
Merlin turned and walked away. He returned to Dieter's corpse and stared at it for a moment. 
I should give him what dignity I can, he thought.
He tore a large section of canvas off the back of the truck and covered the body with it.
Merlin gathered up his remaining students and they set off to find Gunter and Johann. Johann was almost happy when they found him.
“It's the same plane I brought you here in. She's fueled up and repaired. She has the range to get us all the way to London if you want, but not back again.”
“Johann, we're going to need you to pilot but not in an ordinary fashion.”
“What do you need? Dieter seemed like a likely lad, I'm sorry...”
Johann's voice broke slightly and the happy look fled from his face.
“I didn't know what he was doing until he'd done it or I would've stopped him. I knew he was tired, I got some feedback from his mind while I was showing him the skills. It should've been me out there, not him...”
Johann's voice trailed off as he ran out of words for what he wanted to say. When Merlin was sure Johann was done speaking, he replied.
“I'm going to do something similar to what I did earlier, except this time instead of connecting minds, I'm going to give you control of Anselm's body. You'll see from his eyes, hear from his ears, and be able to control the body. He's already agreed to this if you're willing.”
Johann remained silent for several seconds. When he spoke, it was to Anselm not Merlin.
“Did you really volunteer?”
“Merlin said he'd do it himself if neither of us was willing, but he has other things to do. So, I volunteered. It's how I can help best.”
“I'll do it then,” Johann said.
“We'd best get the plane underway. Let's get you inside, strapped down, and Anselm in the pilot's seat. I want to burn down the hangars and the rest of the planes before we leave. That will slow any pursuit but we need to get this plane out as quickly as we can,” Merlin said.
The five men entered the plane. Johann showed Anselm where to sit in the cockpit and then Merlin strapped Johann into a seat in the middle. Ernst took the other seat there.
“What's the armament on this thing?” Gunter asked Johann.
“MG 81J machine guns.”
“Good, I should be able to use them since I've trained on similar equipment. I'll take the rear gunner position.”
Gunter moved to the controls of the rear guns.
“You said you did bombing runs with this aircraft before?” Merlin asked.
Johann nodded. 
“Where are the bombs placed?”
“In the internal bay, but there aren't any in there.”
“There will be,” Merlin said.
He rummaged in his satchel and pulled out the crystal. Then he turned to Johann.
“Show me.”
Johann unstrapped himself and showed Merlin where the bombs would normally be placed. They jury-rigged a release for the crystal so the bomb release mechanism could be used to drop it from the plane.
“Now where are they controlled from?”
“The front gunner's position. Here, I'll show you. Since my mind's an open book today, you might as well pull the memories of how to operate the guns and bomb bays.”
Merlin did as Johann suggested, filing the memories away for when they were needed.
“Now, let's get you strapped in again,” Merlin said.
When Johann was strapped back in, Merlin contacted Anselm.
{Are you ready?}
{One moment. Rein wants to come with us.}
{We can't wait for the owl to fly here.}
{He's been following us all night. Just open the door for him.}
Merlin let the owl into the plane. Rein landed inside the door and awkwardly walked to the cockpit.
{Are you ready now?} Merlin sent.
{Yes, go ahead.}
Merlin pushed aside Anselm's consciousness and made a pathway for Johann's thoughts and perceptions to use Anselm's body as a glove. When he heard the engines starting up, he knew the procedure was successful. The plane pulled out of the hangar slowly and Merlin headed to the door again.
“I'm going to get out and take care of the rest of the buildings. Stop wherever you need to start our takeoff and I'll meet you there.”
The plane taxied towards the packed dirt runway as Merlin moved to where he could see Dieter's body. The body rose into the air under Merlin's control, the canvas cover blowing away in the light wind. Merlin floated Dieter's remains towards the hangar that contained the most aircraft and settled it on the roof.
Drawing on his anger once more, tinged with sorrow this time, Merlin ignited the hangars. The fire burned blue and purple, his sorrow tinging them to a darker color than his rage. The flames roared high into the sky as the hangars, aircraft, and their fuels ignited.
Merlin bid Dieter's physical remains a final farewell and trotted towards the plane.
It waited on the near end of the airstrip. As soon as Merlin jumped on board and closed the door, he heard the engines revving up. As he moved to the bombardier's seat, the plane began to accelerate down the runway.
Merlin dropped into his seat and felt the added weight as the airplane lifted off the ground.

Chapter 21
The sound of Anselm's voice was familiar but the word choices and intonation were those of Johann.
“Where to, Merlin?”
“We need to overfly the research facility at, or just after, dawn. How long until sunrise?”
“Less than twenty minutes.”
“How long to get to the research facility?”
“Ten minutes if we fly there directly.”
“Can you take us in a wide circle then? Go north of the research facility and plan to pass over it just after dawn? We'll continue to the southwest after that.”
“I can, I'll give you a five minute warning before we're going to pass over it.”
“Please do.”
Merlin was having difficulties concentrating. Memories of Dieter kept interrupting his train of thought. He stilled his emotions and pushed aside the grief he felt.
I'll grieve for him later, when we're safe. Otherwise we'll all join him before this day is over, he thought.
He split off a portion of his awareness and sent it to Nimue's home. She was there, close to where he contacted her earlier. She was asleep so Merlin tried to wake her with his mind.
{Nimue}
{Is that Merlin? I must be dreaming again. I wish he were really here.}
{Nimue, it's truly me. If you'll wake, I'll provide proof shortly.}
{Merlin? Is it you? I imagined you spoke to me a short time ago.}
{Nimue, you weren't imagining things. It's truly me. Have you woken?}
{Yes, I'm awake.}
{This will be my proof then. You're sure to feel the destruction I'm about to cause. You'll feel it most strongly through your magical perceptions, not your physical senses. Once it's completed, I'll contact you again. Then, perhaps, you'll believe that it's really me.}
Merlin broke the connection and came back to himself just in time to hear Gunter speak.
“I've been monitoring the radio. They sent fighters aloft to the south of where we took off. If we were traveling that way, they'd be on us by now. With any luck, they'll need to land for refueling and maintenance by the time we pass by where they are now.”
Luck, that's what we need. I hate to go against how I'm training him but just maybe...
{Ernst?} Merlin sent.
{Merlin?}
{Yes Ernst. I have a request to make of you.}
{What do you need?}
{Remember how I trained you to keep your talent under control? How I said there might be specific cases where you would want to unleash it? I think that this may be one of those cases. Some good luck would be convenient for us to experience today.}
Ernst's mental reply seemed hesitant.
{Are you sure?}
{Yes, please let your power run free for now. I'll let you know when to contain it again.}
{Alright, I'll do as you say.}
Merlin closed his eyes and relaxed. He couldn't recall anything else he needed to do until it was time to release the crystal.
His relaxation was cut short. The sound of scratching preceded a weight landing in his lap. He opened his eyes to find Rein perched on his leg. Merlin was disconcerted when the owl stared into his eyes.
An image appeared in his mind. It was Anselm but a transparent Anselm. He appeared both there and not there in the image.
{Yes Rein, Anselm is there, but his body isn't under his own control. He views this flight from within his mind as he views the flights he shares with you.}
The image repeated itself. This time Anselm changed to look more solid.
{Soon, several hours and he'll be fully back with you.}
Once more the image repeated itself.
Merlin sighed. He found himself unable to communicate the concept to the owl.
{Merlin?}
{Anguis, I'd nearly forgotten about you.}
An image appeared of Anguis staring at the owl. Merlin could tell there was communication occurring.
{You want to try explaining about Anselm to Rein?}
Merlin felt the dragon's head nod against his neck.
{Please do, maybe you'll have more luck than me.}
The owl startled as Anguis slithered off of Merlin's neck. The dragon took on his statuette shape and perched on Merlin's other leg. Anguis stared at Rein and, as in the image, Merlin could tell there was communication taking place.
Rein relaxed but still seemed unhappy. He maintained his perch on Merlin's leg and it seemed that he and Anguis were getting along fine. Merlin was occupied by watching the two creatures, one on either leg, when he heard the call.
“Two minutes to sunrise, five minutes to the research facility.”
Merlin watched the countryside lighten with the advent of dawn. When the sun cleared the horizon sufficiently to illuminate the ground beneath him, he felt his heart lighten. 
Despite the fragility of life, and most other things, the sun always rises, he thought.
Two minutes later he was gazing through the bombardier's sights.
I don't need to be perfect, just close. I can guide it to the exact location I want as it falls, he thought.
He separated a portion of his awareness and wrapped it around the crystal. As the facility came into view through his sights, he hit the release mechanism. The jury rigged system worked perfectly and the crystal was released into the open air.
Merlin pulsed tiny bits of power through his awareness, adjusting the fall of the crystal so it would land in the exact center of the facility's roof. 
The spells he placed on the crystal earlier activated when it struck. They created a physical shield in a circle that contained the entire building. The shield was as strong as the power in the crystal could manage to hold for a ten second duration.
The shield sprang up and, moments later, Merlin was rocked back in his seat. The release of power when Plamen shattered the crystal struck like a flash flood, tossing Merlin this way and that. He felt the claws of his two riders dig in to hold themselves in place.
The smaller crystal's shield was only proof against physical matter, designed to protect anyone still in the vicinity. The release of magic from the large crystal was unshielded and it affected him more than he'd anticipated. Merlin hoped that Plamen would keep it controlled and use up all of the power, releasing the spirits in the process.
Merlin looked through the side of the canopy, splitting his awareness so he could watch both the physical and the magical. With his eyes, he saw the shield as a shimmering heat wave surrounding the facility. As he watched, every opening in the facility spewed the bruised purple color of the crystal's power. Close behind the purple came flashes of white light. The released spirits were taking advantage of their freedom, darting this way and that within the purple miasma that surrounded the building.
With his Sight, Merlin saw the facility as an ugly pile of stones, laced through with the bruised purple of the crystal. The purple light rapidly consumed the entire structure, erupting into the air each time it consumed another piece of stone.
His Sight showed the purple energy changing to hues of orange and red. As the energy changed color it was captured and channeled towards the remaining portions of the physical building.
The roof of the research facility erupted upwards. Large chunks of stone and gouts of flame flew high into the air, accompanied by a cloud of dust and smoke. The spirits released when the crystal was destroyed swirled about the dust cloud, diving back into it whenever the sunlight found them.
The dust cloud shifted its shape and appeared as a giant human figure. With his eyes Merlin saw hints of orange and red sweeping through the cloud, looking like bright clothing on the upper torso of a young-looking Plamen. The figure looked towards Merlin and, to all appearances, winked at him. It could have been a chunk of stone flying through the cloud, but Merlin knew better. Plamen was telling him that all was well. Merlin returned his awareness to his body since it seemed Plamen had things under control.
The plane distanced itself from the destroyed facility quickly but Merlin continued to stare at the dust cloud, trying to determine if all the power were used up. In the last moment before the cloud collapsed in upon itself, the face in the cloud changed to the craggy, solid features of Dieter. Dieter's face wore the look of a man who had taken an arduous task upon himself and completed it to his satisfaction. Dieter shimmered and disappeared, then the cloud was gone.
Only now did Merlin realize that the plane was flying erratically.
“Are we damaged?” he asked.
“Merlin, what do I do?” Anselm asked in entirely his own voice.
Merlin flung out a shard of awareness, inspecting the connection between Johann and Anselm. As he feared, it was damaged from the massive rush of energy. He quickly repaired it, draining yet more power from his exhausted body.
Through a pounding headache Merlin heard Anselm's voice, once more with Johann's intonation.
“That's better. Had me worried for a minute.”
Merlin's head fell into his upraised hands. He blinked repeatedly, trying to drive back the pain in his head. His stomach churned as well and he swallowed convulsively. He sat and waited for the discomfort to pass but before it did tiny pinpricks on his leg forced him to open his eyes.
Anguis stared at him. The image of himself, relaxed and comfortable, popped into Merlin's mind.
“If you can help, do so.” Merlin said, too tired to speak to the dragon's mind.
A rush of energy flooded Merlin's weary body. He was still physically tired and remnants of the headache remained, but he raised his head and found that the urge to vomit was gone.
An image of a dragon tearing into a deer formed in his mind. At the same time, a second image appeared as well, this one an owl pouncing on a young rabbit.
“Okay you two, I'll eat something.”
Merlin rummaged through the satchel, pulling out some of the iron rations. He opened them and found, after the first bite, that he couldn't eat them quickly enough. When he was done he reached into the satchel, thinking about eating more. Something in the bag scratched his hand. When he pulled it out he discovered that it was the silver feather. 
Merlin unsnapped himself from the harness. As he stood he was gifted with an angry hiss from Rein, who hopped onto the floor to avoid being unceremoniously dumped there instead. Anguis simply clung to his clothing and crawled back up to his neck. Merlin took more food from his satchel and made his way back to Ernst.
“Are you hungry Ernst?”
Ernst shook his head. His face had a greenish tinge to it.
“If you've a headache and feel ill, then your body wants fuel. Even if you weren't using magic at the time, the release of all that energy will have affected you. Here's food, try the crackers and you may discover that much of your discomfort is hunger.”
Ernst accepted the iron ration from Merlin but set it on the seat beside himself.
Perhaps I can distract him from how he feels, Merlin thought.
“I've something else for you that may be useful. This feather is an artifact designed to enhance levitation and flight. By itself it can lift a heavy weight with only a touch of power. Since you've been working on those skills, I thought it might be of use to you.”
Ernst accepted the feather with an eager look in his eyes.
“How do I use it?”
“Picture the feather in your mind. Then alter the picture so that it's supporting whatever you want to levitate. Send a trickle of power to the feather as you do.”
“That sounds easy enough.”
“You should eat also,” Merlin said.
Merlin watched as Ernst studied the feather. He reached down and opened the cracker portion of the food. He slid one into Ernst's empty hand while his student was still engrossed in the artifact. 
When he saw Ernst absently lift the cracker to his mouth and take a bite, Merlin returned to the bombardier's seat and strapped back in. He knew instinct would take over for Ernst, as it did with him, and that his student would probably eat all the food he was given. 
Rein hopped back onto Merlin's leg after giving him an indignant look. The owl settled back onto his perch and, apparently, went to sleep.
Merlin considered his energy levels. It shouldn't take much to contact Nimue again but his reserves were low. He pulled out the crystal that Anguis used for the dream sendings. It was drained of power but he could still use it for the prismatic effect that would lower the energy cost of splitting his awareness.
He sent a portion of it to the southwest, along the path the plane was flying. Nimue had a portion of her own awareness waiting. As soon as she saw him, he could tell she was excited.
{You really are back!} she sent, in the mental equivalent of a shout.
{Yes, I am. We're heading towards your location. There's an airfield several hours drive north of you that I'm thinking we may use.}
{No Merlin, don't come here. The Germans are active, they have people all over the place. Early this morning they received some sort of alert and they've been looking for something, or someone, ever since.}
Merlin shook his head.
I feared that might be the case when we heard about their fighter airplanes, he thought.
{Well, we also considered going to Britain as you suggested. Our pilot said that we have enough fuel to make it to London, wherever that is, if necessary. Although he also said we wouldn't have enough to make it back.}
{There are airstrips in Britain closer than London. I have some contacts there, let me tell them you're coming and see where they want you to land. May I do that for you?}
{Go ahead. I'll contact you again in a half hour or so. The plane moves so fast that I have no idea where we'll be by then or I'd have you contact me.}
{I'll be as quick as I can.}
Nimue exited the mental conversation and Merlin drew his awareness back to his body.
“Johann, we'll be heading for Britain. I don't know the exact location yet but I'll find out in a little bit. I'm exhausted. If I fall asleep can you get someone to wake me in half an hour?”
“Yes, I can get someone to wake you. I can't plot a course without knowing where we're going though. We can't just fly in circles over Germany, we'll be shot down.”
“Head for the coast then, maybe a point midway between the possible locations where we could end up? Don't fly in a straight line, if we have the fuel, meander back and forth. It might make it harder for those fighter planes to find us.”
“I'll wake you in half an hour. Will you have a location for me then?” Johann asked.
“I will shortly after I awaken.”
Merlin drifted off to sleep, held in place by his harness. It seemed only moments later when he was awakened. Both Rein and Anguis were kneading their claws in his legs.
He snorted.
“Alright you two, that's enough.”
“You awake now Merlin? I've been trying to get you up for five minutes or more. Ernst didn't answer when I called out so your flying friends there took the job upon themselves.”
“I'm awake. I'll check our destination in a moment, after I check on Ernst.”
He unsnapped himself and peered into the main body of the plane. The food wrappers were empty, discarded on the floor. Ernst hung in his straps, snoring.
“Ernst is asleep. But I understand why. The same burst of energy that severed your connection also caused some serious wear and tear on Ernst and myself. I imagine Anselm's mind is asleep right now as well.”
“Doesn't matter. I need to know where we're going.”
“Give me a minute and I'll check.”
Merlin found himself only slightly recharged by his short nap so he used the prism from the crystal again. His awareness flew to Nimue.
{Nimue, where are we to go? Our pilot is fretful.}
{See if he knows where Attlebridge, Norfolk is. Or if he can find it on a map. They've offered to send out planes to guide you in.}
{So the British are eager to have us then?}
{No, this airstrip is manned by Americans.}
Merlin was lost for a moment.
{Who are the Americans?}
{Another force involved in this war. They have an occult branch and the person I could contact on short notice is a member of it. He's an officer in their USO.}
{I'll relay the location to our pilot. May I come and visit you should I get the chance?}
{I doubt you'd have a chance. They will be loathe to allow you to return to German controlled territory anytime soon. They would fear it was a trick of some sort. It doesn't matter though, I'll meet you there. Things are dangerous around where I am now, so it's probably time for me to leave.}
{I look forward to it. I must go now and tell my pilot where our destination is.}
{It may take me as long as a week to get there but after all this time, a week is nothing.}
{I hope to see you soon.} Merlin sent.
He regretfully withdrew from the conversation.
“Johann, do you know where Attlebridge, Norfolk is?”
“I know where Norfolk is at least, but that's a big area.”
“Have we a map?”
“We do, but it may not list it. The German maps don't show where all the British airstrips are located.”
“Check then? I may need to tell Nimue we'll need that escort after all.”
Merlin waited a short while. Curses floated back from the pilot's seat but finally he got an answer.
“I think I have the location for it. If not, there's an airstrip there that we can land on at least.”
Merlin tucked the crystal back into his satchel, reassured that he wouldn't have to ask Nimue for the escort.
“Head for that.”

Chapter 22
Despite Anguis' infusion of energy, Merlin was still tired. As the airplane droned on, he tried to maintain a half-awake condition. His efforts to stay that way failed and he drifted into full sleep.
He jerked awake to a shout.
“We've got fighters on our tail, closing fast,” Gunter called.
Johann cursed.
“Another ten minutes and we would've been over the channel. Damn them.”
Merlin blinked the sleep from his eyes.
“Can we fight them off? Shall I shield us?” he asked.
“Maybe and yes. Gunter, how many are there?”
“Six, that I can see. But they're sure to send reinforcements now that they've found us.”
“How quickly are they closing?” Johann asked.
“We've got about two minutes until they're in range I think, maybe less. I can't tell how fast they're moving.”
Merlin prepared to set a shield on the plane. He separated a small portion of his awareness and moved it outside so he could see the threat. Then he determined where he could anchor shields to the plane to provide protection from different directions.
“I've got enough energy to shield us for possibly two attacks, so we'd better make our own shots count. Oh, Johann? The shields work both ways, while they're up, we can't shoot through them if they block our own guns,” Merlin said.
“You could've told me that last time.”
“Sorry, I didn't think of it at the time. I also didn't know where the guns were located. I do now.”
“Thirty seconds,” Gunter called, “it looks like six Messerschmitts.”
“What are those?” Merlin asked.
“One of the more common fighter planes that Germany uses,” Johann said.
Merlin focused his attention outside the plane. It looked as though the six fighter planes were breaking into two formations of three each. The two formations spread out to either side of the fugitives' plane, closing the distance between them.
 Fire lanced out from Gunter's guns, streaking through the air behind the fighter planes. The fighters held formation and continued to close. 
Once again Gunter fired. This time the streaks struck one of the fighters and it started to smoke. The wounded plane fell out of formation. The others adjusted their angle and began to return fire.
When Merlin saw them start to fire he created a half sphere of a shield behind the plane,. He anchored it to the tailplane, the small wings in back. The shield came into being and Merlin felt himself jerked about in his straps.
“Merlin, I hope that was something you did. We're about to stall, so undo it if it was,” Johann yelled.
Merlin looked out to see the fighter planes racing past him. He dropped the shield and the plane lurched forward again.
Merlin leaned into the targeting sights. He knew how to use them from Johann's memories but doing so was slightly different than knowing how. A burst of bullets raced from his guns. He tried to adjust their flight with nudges of power but found that they were moving too quickly to work with.
Merlin tried tracking the guns onto the fighter planes and was rewarded by seeing the fiery tracers strike the fuselage of one. He was sure he got several bullets to strike that plane. He noticed Johann targeting the same plane and it shortly pulled out of formation. The other four fighters raced forward out of range.
“I can see the channel,” Johann said.
“Does that help us?” Merlin asked.
“No, but it means we're almost out of German held territory.”
Merlin went back to examining the area outside of the plane. The fighters were turning for another pass after gaining enough headway that they wouldn't be caught broadsides in the turn.
“This time I'll shield the front. Do you want the bullets angled up or down?”
“Up, that'll leave my guns clear to fire if you only shield the upper portion of the plane.”
Merlin watched and waited. After this shield he would be too drained to create another. He wanted to time it so he would have a little energy left for other things.
The fighters closed and began to fire. When Merlin brought the shield into being, the plane lurched down before Johann compensated. When the plane steadied, Johann began to fire. Merlin could feel the impact of the fighters' bullets on his shield. Johann's return fire came too late due to the time spent compensating. He cursed and Merlin noticed him turning the plane.
“How strong is your shield?” Johann asked.
Merlin saw that Johann was aiming the entire plane at one of the fighters.
“I can hold it if you strike their plane, but only for a moment. Then it'll be gone.”
“Good enough, that'll take another one down,” Johann said.
The fighter pilot thought it was a game of chicken and held his course. Johann allowed the plane to drop a little altitude just before the two planes collided and the fighter's pilot probably thought he'd won the game. 
Then Johann pulled back on the throttle. As the Ju 88 raised its nose towards the fighter plane, the fighter banked away from the, apparently, suicidal pilot. The entire underbelly of the fighter was exposed and Johann raked it with his gun.
The fighter pilot was unlucky, Johann's fire destroyed the controls of his plane. It flipped over and then began plunging straight down. When the pilot tried to pull out of the dive, a wing tore away and the plane continued its downward spiral.
The other fighter pilots backed off and Merlin could picture them thinking that their opponent was suicidal and lucky to boot. They reformed into a single formation and began the chase from behind again.
This time when they closed into range Gunter was right on with his aim. The engine of the lead fighter went up in flames and the other two in the formation split wide to go around the lead plane as it burned.
The two remaining fighters began to fire and Merlin felt the plane rock with impacts as it was struck. Johann slowed the plane quickly in an attempt to get the fighters to overshoot but was only partially successful. One of the fighter planes came into range of Merlin's guns and he opened fire. 
The second fighter slowed to stay behind the Junkers and Merlin felt the plane shudder as it was struck by more bullets. 
His own fire opened a line of bullet holes along the fighter in range. It slowed, apparently attempting to drop back to where the other fighter was. Johann was fighting to keep control of the plane and Merlin felt it shudder and shake as it began to lose altitude.
The two fighters took the opportunity to reform into a close formation high above and began a dive that would allow them to strafe the entire fuselage of the plane.
Merlin saw Ernst poke his head up to where he could see through the canopy. His hand clutched the silver feather as tightly as his mind gripped his power.
Moments later the undamaged fighter exploded in a fiery ball. Because of the tight formation, the second plane found itself showered with chunks of debris from the one that was destroyed. 
The remaining Messerschmitt, damaged and flying erratically, broke off pursuit.
“What did you do Ernst?” Merlin asked.
“There were pieces of something loose on the plane in front. When I saw that I thought I might be able to use the feather to tear them off and guide them into the rear plane. I don't know what they were but they did the job.”
“Well done Ernst, well done.”
Ernst looked uncomfortable for a moment.
“Thank you. I can't do the things you can but I decided I should do what I could. I just didn't think it would work as well as it did.”
“You did well. If I'd thought of that idea I would've asked you to do it. I'm glad that you thought of it on your own.”
“If you're done there Merlin, we have a problem,” Johann interjected.
“What's wrong?”
“They damaged the plane. More specifically, they damaged the right wing. I can't fly the plane as fast as I should for fear of destroying it. We also have to stay lower for the same reason. It won't take any additional stress.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Can you fix it or patch it somehow?”
“I don't have anything left. I used the last of my energy on those two shields.”
“How about your student then?”
“I don't know, I'll ask him. He took down that last plane with his own idea so maybe...”
“Do that. We're over the channel but we aren't safe yet.”
Merlin went and explained the situation to Ernst. Ernst thought for a moment.
“How much longer will we be flying?”
“I don't know,” Merlin said.
“I don't know how to fix the wing but if we're going to crash I can try to use the feather to let us down gently. It might be too much weight though.”
“That's an idea.”
Merlin went back to Johann.
“If we took some of the weight off the plane, would the wing handle better?”
“It certainly wouldn't hurt and might help enough to get us there.”
“We'll try it then, let me know if it helps.”
Merlin returned to Ernst.
“Ernst, can you keep putting a trickle of power into the feather for a long time?”
“For a while at least. Why?”
“Use the feather on the plane, take as much weight on the feather as you can and hold it for as long as you can. Johann says that might help keep the wing intact.”
Ernst's face paled.
“Is that going to be enough?”
“It's what we can do right now, let's see if it works.”
Ernst touched the feather to the roof and closed his eyes.
“Johann, is that helping at all?”
“A little, we can go a bit faster at least.”
“Keep it up for as long as you can Ernst, Johann says it's helping,” Merlin said.
He returned to his seat and racked his brain trying to think of a way to repair the wing.

Chapter 23
Merlin was drawn from his thoughts by a shout from Gunter.
“More fighters incoming.”
This will be painful and I don't know how long it will last but it's the only thing I can think of, Merlin thought.
He rummaged through his satchel and withdrew the empty crystal, clutching it in his hands.
Anguis tapped his head against Merlin's throat. The movement was accompanied by a feeling of inquisitiveness.
{I need more energy Anguis, so I'll take it from the plane. The crystal will give me a buffer so that the energy doesn't kill me.}
Merlin sent a picture of him tapping the electrical wiring of the plane for energy.
The inquisitive feeling intensified.
{One of the wings is damaged. I'm going to anchor a shield around the damaged area and leave the shield in place to function as part of the wing.}
A series of images appeared in Merlin's mind. Anguis feeding him power, Anguis channeling power to him, Anguis using power to send the dreams.
{You think you can channel the power to me better than the crystal? There's a lot, I don't want you to damage yourself.}
A nod from the dragon was accompanied by one of the images repeating itself; Anguis using power to send the dreams.
{You can do more than just channel for me?}
Another series of images struck Merlin's mind. Anguis wrapped around the wire and feeding him power, Merlin using the power to construct a shield, Merlin giving the power that controlled the shield back to Anguis.
{Are you sure Anguis? I'm sure you could hold the spell but won't the energy damage you?}
Anguis uncoiled from Merlin's neck. He slithered down into Merlin's lap and raised a claw. The ting of metal on metal rang out as Anguis tapped the claw against his scales.
{That's right, you aren't a normal living creature. You're made of metal. That might protect you some.}
Anguis nodded his head.
{We've no time, we need to do this now. They're attacking again.}
Anguis launched himself into Merlin's hand, wrapping his tail around Merlin's wrist like a bracelet. Merlin stood and approached the main electrical wire for the plane.
“Johann, you might get your wing fully functional again in a minute.”
“That'd be a good thing right about now.”
“They'll be in range of us in another minute,” Gunter called.
Merlin reached for the wire and Anguis stretched his neck out. He closed his jaws on the wire gently until his teeth pierced the outer layer. Then he went rigid and Merlin felt power flooding into himself. This time the power wasn't overwhelming him and he guessed that Anguis was taking the bite out of it.
Merlin flung his awareness to the damaged section of the wing. He crafted the thinnest impermeable shield he could over the damage, anchoring it to the surrounding, undamaged, portions of the wing. Then he offered the strings of power controlling the shield back to Anguis. He could feel himself lose control of them right before Anguis' tail released his wrist. 
Gunter cursed.
“Johann, looks like we have a full squadron chasing us. I see three flights of four planes behind us. I'll open fire shortly.”
“Merlin, whatever you did is working. I have full control again, close to it anyway. Is there anything you can do about the fighters behind us?” Johann asked.
Merlin considered for a moment. His energy level was high, Anguis had filled his energies up in the brief time they were connected to the wire.
“Destroy or discourage?” he asked.
“I'd prefer discouraging them but that might not work. It seems they want us pretty bad.”
“I'll try to discourage them first.”
Merlin set to work. The area to the rear of their plane disappeared in a cloud of smoke. He hoped it disconcerted the fighter pilots when the smoke traveled right along with the plane they were chasing.
“What's going on? I can't see anything back here,” Gunter called.
“Trying to discourage pursuit without having to kill the pilots,” Merlin replied.
“I can't see them so they can't see us, but won't they just fire into the smoke?”
“Probably, but I'm hoping they think that's a bad plan. You just gave me another idea though.”
Merlin sent his awareness into the cloud of smoke. He linked the outer edges of it together with a loosely knit shield. 
Alright, now I just set a trigger so if they fire at it, the shield responds by solidifying to keep the bullets out, he thought.
Moments later the shield was tested as the pursuing Messerschmitts opened fire. The shield worked to keep the bullets out but there were unforeseen side effects. When the shield snapped into place to keep the bullets out, the plane jerked backwards, its speed slowed by the additional drag. 
“Merlin, we're going to stall out if we don't regain some speed.”
Merlin's awareness, still out with the cloud, saw the fighters shoot by due to the difference in speed. He released his control on the smoke and they flew out of it, accelerating as they left the extra drag behind.
“I'm sorry Johann, I don't have time to try to discourage them. I'm afraid I'll need to destroy the planes.”
“Whatever you need to do Merlin, they're turning and coming back at us.”
“The propellers, they provide the speed the airplanes need for lift?”
Now that he was used to Merlin's seemingly pointless questions at times of crisis, Johann answered.
“Yes, they provide the speed.”
“If they were to stop, would the plane simply fall or glide?”
“A good pilot can get some glide.”
“A chance for them to survive then.”
Merlin reached out his awareness to the lead plane. He examined the shaft that turned the propeller. With a surge of power, he changed the lubricant on the shaft into an adhesive.
Merlin returned his awareness to his body and watched as the lead plane fell out of formation. He nodded to himself and repeated the process on as many planes as he could while they approached.
When the attacking fighter planes reached the Ju 88 there was only one flight of four planes remaining. Johann opened fire on them but missed. The fighters strafed the length of the plane but Merlin threw up a shield to protect it after the first few bullets struck. Once again the German fighters turned to take up the chase. 
“I don't know that I can do much more. I'm getting low on energy again,” Merlin said.
“That's a problem then, we have more fighters coming in from the front,” Johann said.
Merlin sighed. He stretched out his awareness to those in back that were closing on the plane again.
What else could I do that takes less power? Maybe their guns, he thought.
His awareness sought out the armament on the Messerschmitts. He found the guns, and the ammunition that fed them, mounted above the engine.
What did Gunter say about ammunition? A spark ignited it. Maybe I can destroy the ammunition with fire. If a spark ignites it then a small flame should work.
Merlin created a tiny flame inside a round of ammunition. The round fired off but it was the only one destroyed.
That didn't do much, perhaps a larger flame around a bunch of them, he thought.
A small fire sprang up around the ammunition. Moments later rounds started cooking off. Round after round of ammunition fired. Merlin noticed the fire spreading and pulled his awareness away. 
Merlin watched with his eyes as the engine compartment of the fighter plane exploded. The plane plunged out of the sky in a ball of fire.
Gunter's voice was tight and strained when he yelled.
“I've radio contact. The planes in front of us are British. They were monitoring radio broadcasts and heard we were being pursued, so they sent an escort. They'll engage the Messerschmitts and one flight of them will escort us to the airstrip.”
“First time I've ever been grateful to see a Spitfire,” Johann said.
Nine of the British fighters passed the plane, engaging the remaining German fighters. The final three turned and took position in front, and to either side, of the Ju 88. The leading Spitfire waggled its wings as it settled into place.
“Merlin?” Ernst asked.
“Yes Ernst.”
“Can I stop this now? I'm exhausted and my head is throbbing.”
“Yes Ernst, I think we'll be safe now.”
A loud clang and clatter caught Merlin's attention. He turned to look for the cause. Anguis was no longer attached to the electrical wire but lay on the floor beneath it. He was locked in the stretched out position Merlin last saw him in.
“Oh, Anguis...”
He reached out to scoop up the dragon but an arc of brilliant blue-white light shocked him when he got close. Determined, he reached out again. As his hands closed on the tiny dragon, intense heat seared his palms. But he gathered Anguis up and held the dragon to his chest. The dragon remained rigid throughout the process.
Merlin sent his senses out to check and found that the shield patching the damaged wing was still intact. 
{Anguis?} Merlin sent.
There was no reply.
 Tears streamed down the old wizard's face for the second time in a day. He settled into his seat, clutching the rigid dragon to his torso.
“Merlin?” Johann asked.
“Yes?”
“Don't take this wrong but why did you offer an option to not destroy the fighters? At the airfield, you destroyed everyone.”
Merlin sagged against the back off his chair, exhausted. 
Why is he asking this now? Doesn't he realize the price we've paid? Does he think more should have died so that we could be free? I'll answer him, but he may not like it, or even understand it, Merlin thought.
“At the airfield the troops were all SS as far as I could tell. They fired on what were apparently unarmed people. There was no return fire and they continued to shoot. They killed Dieter, despite his being unarmed. The pilots were simply following orders and they knew we could fight back. In my estimation, the troops at the airfield were evil, or at least doing evil. The pilots were not.”
Merlin paused for a moment, collecting his thoughts before he continued.
“I've had far more than my share of killing in the past. I try to avoid it now whenever possible. When my rage is upon me, controlling me, I still kill. I know that and I'm resigned to it. Long ago I resolved to keep my rage in check and only release it for what I consider the best of reasons.”
“Good,” Johann said.
In the relative silence that made up the rest of the trip, Merlin wondered just what Johann meant by that comment.

Chapter 24
The Spitfires escorted the JU 88 to the Attlebridge airfield. When they were close enough for a visual sighting of the airstrip, the Spitfires waggled their wings and broke off to fly to their own base. 
Johann took great care in landing the plane. It was riddled with bullet holes despite Merlin's efforts to shield it. The plane held up to the landing and a man with a flag ran out onto the runway and guided it into a nearby hangar.
Once inside Johann shut down the engines.
“We've made it, now what?” Johann asked.
“Now we go outside and talk to those who are offering us sanctuary. But first I should break the connection between you and Anselm,” Merlin said.
It took only the tiniest bit of power to break the connection between the two. Once it was broken, Johann's body sat up in back.
“Are you alright Johann?” Merlin asked.
Johann nodded and worked his mouth several times.
“Dry mouth and a few cramps but otherwise well.”
“Anselm?”
“I feel as though I've had a sleep full of nightmares. The kind where you know you slept but you got no rest.”
“Not entirely unexpected. Feel happy that the price was so small for you,” Merlin said.
He glanced at the unyielding body of the tiny dragon, still in his grasp. He turned to make his way to the door and saw Gunter. A stream of red ran down his leg, a cord was tied around his thigh, and Gunter lurched with each step.
“Gunter, stop. What are you doing? Let me take care of that for you.”
“I heard you say you were out of power so I simply applied a tourniquet.”
“I've enough left to stop the bleeding at the very least. Stand still a moment.”
Merlin used the last bits of his power to examine the wound, push out the inevitable pieces of matter that littered it, seal the skin, and start the wound itself healing.
“That will help. I couldn't take care of it all but you should be fine in a few days.”
“I apologize Merlin. Ever since the fight at the airstrip I was frightened of you. That's the other reason I didn't ask you to heal me. But I heard your answer to Johann. Your power is frightening, fortunately the man behind it is less so,” Gunter said.
“Accepted, now let's go greet our benefactors.”
Merlin swung the door open and found himself looking down at a squad full of men, all carrying rifles pointed at the door of the aircraft.
“There's a problem here,” Merlin said.
The British squad leader motioned for Merlin to jump down to the ground. He did so. One after another the rest of the men on the aircraft came out as well. Gunter dropped his pistol in the airplane before exiting, not wanting to excite the armed squad greeting them. Ernst assisted Gunter down while the armed men looked nervous.
* * *
“Weiss jemand von euch sprechen Deutsch?” (Do any of you speak German?) Merlin said.
“Do any of you speak English?” the British squad leader asked.
Merlin looked about. Johann and Gunter held their hands raised to either side of their shoulders. Ernst had copied them, although Merlin saw the silver feather in his grip. Anselm had one hand up with Rein perched on the other arm. The owl stared at Anselm as though making sure he was himself again.
Merlin's hands were both in front of him, cradling Anguis.
“Kein English,” (No English) Johann said.
“Kein Deutsch,” (No German) the British leader replied.
“Wenn ich die Energie, die ich lernen kann ihre Sprache,” (If I had the energy I could learn their language) Merlin said.
Gunter caught Merlin's attention. He looked at his pocket and mouthed the words 'Sonne kristall' (sun crystal).
Merlin slowly moved one of his hands off of Anguis and reached towards Gunter's pocket. He caught the eye of the British leader and made sure the man saw him moving.
Merlin slowly drew the sun crystal out of Gunter's pocket. The leader saw it and his face eased. He barked an order.
“Stand down!”
and the squad lowered their rifles.
As the British squad leader sent a runner off, Merlin delved into the mind of the closest British soldier, seeking the language center.
He could see with his eyes that the soldiers' attention was captured by the sun crystal. Regretfully, he tapped it for its power, the glow fading as he drained it.
“What happened to it?” one of the soldiers asked.
Merlin heard him through the headache his casting caused.
“Regretfully, I had to drain the power from it to learn your language,” Merlin replied.
“You speak English? I thought your friend there claimed you didn't,” The British squad leader said.
“I did not speak it at that time. I used the power from the crystal to learn it. I do not understand our reception. I was told we should fly here to escape from the SS.”
The British leader looked at Merlin as though he were mad but Merlin was used to that from those who didn't believe in magic. The leader continued the conversation, ignoring Merlin's claim. 
“I didn't hear anything about that. But we did have someone show up earlier today, telling us to inform him if anything strange happened. I just sent a runner for him.”
“Then perhaps we should wait for him to arrive before we do anything else?” Merlin asked.
The British squad leader nodded agreement. Several minutes later, during which Merlin's headache eased, the runner returned leading a portly man in a suit coat and tie.
“What's going on here? Your man told me you needed me?”
“Sir, you asked to be informed if anything strange occurred.”
“Go on.”
The British squad leader gestured towards Merlin.
“This man's group claimed to speak no English. He pulled a glowing crystal from his pocket, it dimmed and went out, and then he started speaking our language. I thought that strange enough to send a runner for you.”
“Where did they come from?”
“The plane in front of you. They landed and we were under orders to escort a German plane landing today directly into a hangar. I assumed it was a previously captured plane until we saw the damage on it when it landed.”
“So a German plane, showing combat damage, landing here wasn't strange enough to inform me? You're fortunate that the group in front of you was peaceful. I doubt your squad would have been very happy otherwise.”
“There are only five of them sir, and unarmed. You impugn my men.”
The man in the suit shook his head.
“You there, are you in charge here?” he asked Merlin.
“Yes, if anyone could be said to be in charge of this group.”
“What would you have done had these men become violent.”
“Shielded the bullets as best as I could while their rifles were wrest from their hands and sent to the ceiling.”
The British squad leader openly scoffed at Merlin's statement.
“These men don't know what we're about here, they're new. Could you possibly demonstrate the second half of your statement for them? They need to learn what they'll be dealing with on a regular basis,” the man in the suit said.
Merlin turned towards Ernst.
{Ernst, can you use the feather to lift their rifles out of their hands? I doubt anyone will try to hold on even if they realize what's happening.}
Ernst didn't reply but Merlin could feel the fear that he used as his power source. Ernst converted the emotion to energy before he fed it to the feather. Curses came from the squad as, simultaneously, all of their rifles shot upwards. None of them managed to maintain their grip, even knowing what was supposed to happen.
The man in the suit turned to the British squad leader.
“There, see? Be glad that they were peaceful. Also, next time? Anything out of the ordinary is strange.”
He turned back to Merlin.
“Jolly good. Thank you for the demonstration. Would you lower their weapons to them please?”
Merlin glanced at Ernst.
{Lower them down gently now.}
The rifles slowly lowered to where the soldiers could reclaim them. Several of them glanced at their guns in fear, apparently afraid that the weapon would turn on them.
“You and your men are dismissed. Thank you,” the man in the suit said.
The British squad leader looked torn between relief and indignation but he chivvied his troops out of the hangar. As they were leaving, they passed another man entering.
“What put that fear on their face Nigel? You been playing tricks on the troops again?”
“John, why must you make such undignified accusations?” the man in the suit said.
“Just because it gets your goat. You Brits are all too stuffy for my tastes.”
Merlin was amazed when the man in the suit managed to infuse a single word with a combination of disgust, disdain, and a reluctant affection.
“Americans.”
John looked at the motley group in front of him. He singled Merlin out immediately.
“I take it you're in charge here?”
“As I told your friend, if there is a leader of this group I would be him.”
“Then you must be Merlin. Nimue told me a great deal about you.”
“Ah, you would be a member of the American occult branch then?”
John shook his head.
“We're supposed to be a secret. Don't say anything about that please. The answer is yes, and Nigel is from our British counterpart.”
A broad grin spread across Merlin's face. He ignored John and Nigel entirely for a moment, looking down at Anguis.
“Merlin?” John said.
Merlin continued to stare at Anguis. He was sure the little dragon had shifted slightly in his hands. Anguis moved as Merlin stared at him, drawing in his extremities so he was in his normal shape. Merlin tried to speak to the little dragon.
{Anguis?}
His reply was a totally disoriented image. Anguis, expanding and shrinking, over and over.
{Is there anything I can do to help?} Merlin sent.
The image in his mind shifted, showing Merlin holding Anguis near his neck. Then it returned to the previous image.
Merlin raised his hands and, in a flash, Anguis was back around his neck as a torque. The dragon's physical form was throbbing, akin to the image in Merlin's mind. The throbs slowed to match Merlin's pulse and, after a minute, a feeling of relief flooded Merlin's mind.
{Better now?}
{Soon.} Anguis sent.
Merlin turned his attention back to John and Nigel. The two of them were staring at the torque around Merlin's neck.
“Sorry, I thought him lost to us and was surprised when he moved. I wanted to see if there was anything he needed,” Merlin said.
“Is that a dragon?”
“Yes and no. It is a construct in the shape of one.”
“You made that?” Nigel asked.
“No, I liberated it from the Germans. It was made by Nimue, the person who contacted John regarding us.”
“John, you have a wizard capable of feats like that?”
“No, Nimue has been assisting the French resistance. She's a member of the Maquis and was known to some of our branch before the war began. She stayed in contact.”
“Still, a wizard capable of that should be kept back from the front lines,” Nigel said.
“You tell her that. I wouldn't dare.”
Merlin chuckled.
“I see she hasn't changed much over the past thirteen centuries.”
John and Nigel returned their attention to Merlin.
“Did you say thirteen centuries?” John asked.
“She didn't tell you the whole story?”
“No, just that a wizard named Merlin was trying to flee Germany and would be doing so in an aircraft.”
“Well, I'll tell it to you but perhaps we could be somewhere other than this hangar? Also, do you speak German? None of my friends here understand English.”
“Can't you give it to them like you did yourself?” Nigel asked.
“Surely I could, if I had the energy for it. But my reserves are completely depleted. As the soldier said earlier, I needed to drain the energy from a sun crystal to learn it myself.”
“We can help with that. Let's get your men settled and perhaps fed. Then, we'll see about getting you some energy and you can give your men the English language. After all of that, I want to hear your tale,” Nigel said.
Merlin's stomach spoke to the idea, loud enough that Nigel and John both heard it.
“I recognize that sound. Been expending a bit of energy, have we?” Nigel said.
Merlin translated their plans for those who spoke no English. When the men agreed to the plan, Nigel and John led them out of the hangar to take care of their immediate needs.

Chapter 25
Merlin and the men were shown to a barracks-style building. It was, he noted, not wired for electricity.
“You'll have this all to yourselves for the moment. When you're settled and more comfortable, we'll decide what to do with all of you. If any of you have ideas about that, let us know and we'll see if we can accommodate them,” Nigel said.
“What he means is, we'll find out what you're good for and work your butts off at it,” John added.
Nigel turned to glare at John. When John noticed, he turned his head away from Nigel and winked in Merlin's direction.
“If you'll follow me I'll show you the mess hall you'll use. It isn't quite a standard mess. This one is used by those people who don't fit into a normal ranking slot. You can make small talk with the others but don't ask them about their work. They wouldn't answer anyhow,” Nigel said.
“I like to think of as the Spooks, Spies, and Sorcerers mess hall,” John said.
Nigel growled at John.
“If you would follow me,” Nigel said.
The mess hall wasn't crowded, it was only at half capacity.
“You can always find something to eat here, but hot meals are served from six to eight in the morning, an hour to either side of noon, and from five to seven at night,” Nigel said.
“Assuming you can keep the stuff down,” John added.
Nigel just sighed.
Merlin and the other men grabbed plates and loaded them with food. As they ate, Merlin found himself agreeing with John. The food left a great deal to be desired. When they finished eating, they returned to the barracks they were assigned to.
“You were saying that you could help with low energy levels?” Merlin asked.
“Oh yes. I'll go grab some of our storage devices,” Nigel said.
He left and returned a few minutes later with a stack of crystals. Merlin could sense that each one held a small amount of power.
“I'll need to use four to teach English to my companions. Then I'd like one for myself so I don't feel so drained.”
“Help yourself.”
Merlin did so and after inflicting headaches, and the English language, on each of his companions he drained the final crystal to begin filling his reserves.
“Did you know there is a ward that will bind the energy within and prevent it from seeping out?” Merlin said.
“What? We need to learn that,” John said.
“I'll show you later on if you like.”
“If you don't mind, we'd like to hear your story now Merlin,” Nigel said.
“Wait one more minute. I want to get something,” John said.
John left and came back a few minutes later carrying a box. He reached into it and handed Merlin a bottle.
“I'm guessing a few of these will help the story along,” John said.
He handed out more beer to the rest of the men in the room with only Nigel declining.
Merlin settled in and told them the story of his awakening and what occurred after. There were several points in the story where Nigel tried to interrupt and ask questions but John silenced him each time.
When Merlin finished, it was late. John turned to Nigel.
“Any of those questions you remember now are important enough to be asked.”
Nigel looked chastened but recovered quickly. He proved that he did remember several of his questions and fired them off one after another at Merlin.
“Are you sure the crystal was destroyed? And the research center also?”
“Can you teach that long range communication to some of our people?”
“How were you able to identify the properties of artifacts you knew nothing about?”
Merlin answered them in like fashion.
“As best as I can tell Plamen did as agreed and destroyed both.”
“I can teach it to them but only if they know the person they are contacting well.”
“The spells used on the artifacts gave me the clue. If I knew some of the spells used, I knew what it was normally used on or in conjunction with and experimented along those lines. If I did not know it, I could sometimes get a clue as to the purpose of the spell by insinuating my awareness into it.”
“Well, looks like this is the last of the beers. You want it Merlin?” John said.
“No thank you John, I am fine.”
“No use for it to go to waste then,” John said.
He opened and drained the final bottle.
“Okay, if you're up to it. I want you to show me that binding to prevent energy seepage tomorrow,” John said.
“Give me ten hours of sleep and I should be able to do so,” Merlin replied.
As Nigel and John left, Merlin and his companions settled into their beds. Merlin felt the comforting feel of Anguis squeezing his neck gently. An image appeared in Merlin's mind: Anguis flying into the dawn light, finding children to play with, then returning and providing Merlin with energy.
{Only if you feel it's safe. Are you fully recovered then?}
He felt the tiny dragon's head shaking back and forth against his neck.
{What do you need to fully recover?}
The same image appeared in Merlin's mind as was there a few seconds earlier.
{Then yes, please do that if it's safe.}
* * *
Merlin spent the next few days instructing John on how to create the binding to prevent energy from seeping out of a storage crystal. The crystals he was offered for energy were charged to a much higher level originally. Frequently, by the time they were used, a great deal of it drained back out. John wanted to learn the binding well enough to teach it to the people who did the charging. As he said.
“If we can double the power we give our wizards it's sure to make a difference.”
Johann was set to showing British and American engineers the JU 88 and explaining everything he knew about it. Gunter would have been at loose ends but when they found out he was wounded during the escape, he spent the next several days in the hospital, despite Merlin's healing.
Anselm and Ernst resumed their lessons under Merlin. After Dieter died, Ernst brought his bag along, not wanting to leave anything of Dieter's to the Germans. Inside the bag they found a copy of every transcript the Germans had given the students. Merlin immediately turned those over to Nigel with the explanation that the Germans were using that information to train some of their wizards.
John left as soon as he learned the binding. He promised to return in a few weeks, as soon as he could. In the meanwhile he asked Merlin to continue training Anselm and Ernst, and to start training a few British and American students as well.
Merlin found himself at loose ends for much of each day so he spent the time with Anguis. The little dragon rarely failed to cheer him up when his grief for Dieter grew too much to bear, and was always trying to obtain more energy for him. Two days after John departed, Merlin was sitting in the barracks watching Anguis perform aerial acrobatics. 
He heard the door open and assumed Anselm or Ernst was returning for some reason. As he watched Anguis his nose was aroused by a familiar scent, one that had stayed with him throughout his long sleep. Anguis darted across the room and when Merlin turned, he saw the little dragon sitting on the shoulder of a woman.
Her hair was shaded darker so it contained nearly as much brown as blonde. Her figure was thicker than he remembered, but that happens to everyone as they age. She and Anguis were staring at one another, locked in communication. When she turned away from the dragon Merlin saw that her eyes were the same as he remembered, bright and alive with curiosity, although they held an additional depth now. She appeared to be in her early thirties but one look at her eyes betrayed the lie to that.
“Nimue?”
The woman smiled.
“Merlin.”
They stood apart for a bit, each staring at the other. When Merlin opened his arms, Nimue slid into them. The embrace lasted a shorter time than Merlin desired. When Nimue stepped back from him, his regrets grew.
Nimue hit him in the stomach, hard. 
I'm sure she used some magic to back that up, Merlin thought as he gasped for breath.
“Never do that to me again Merlin. Never!” Nimue said.
“What?” Merlin gasped.
“Never leave me again, not even for thirteen days, never mind thirteen centuries. When you contacted me I was slipping into senility. There was nothing for me, no-one. When everything ages and dies or keeps changing, there is no anchor for your sanity.”
“I'm sorry?” Merlin said.
“I thought I was finally senile and falling into my dreams when you first contacted me. When you contacted me the second time I gained hope. Whatever you did was felt by wizards around the world. I knew then that it was truly you. Never was there a man more suited to disrupting things than yourself.”
Merlin grimaced.
She may well be right, he thought.
“Now, we've an appointment to keep.”
“What appointment?” Merlin asked.
“You told me that when you returned we would handfast. That tradition has gone out of style, its modern equivalent is marriage. So I took the liberty of contacting a clergy member at this airfield. He'll perform the ceremony this afternoon.”
Merlin was losing ground. The conversation had left him behind and he was making no progress towards catching up.
“What?” he said.
“You said that our apparent ages would match better. You look to be in your early to mid-thirties, as do I. So your conditions are met and I intend to hold you to your offer. You aren't trying to back out, are you?”
The gleam in Nimue's eyes told Merlin that backing out would be a poor choice.
“I'm not trying to back out Nimue. I'm simply trying to catch up.”
The old Nimue peeped through for a moment.
“Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you'd be eager for this after all these centuries.”
“I am eager, Nimue. But in my own personal time line it hasn't been centuries, not even years. I'm still trying to adjust to a fully grown, mature you. When I first woke I was sure you must be dead after all this time. Then I found you were alive, and now I find you are spectacular. My mind reels and I'm trying to assimilate it all,” Merlin said.
A smile peeked through the sterner expression on Nimue's face.
“You always were a silver-tongued bastard. I can tell that what you said was mostly true so I'll forgive the exaggerations.”
Merlin's face broke into a smile. The expression was contagious and shortly spread to Nimue. This time their embrace lasted much longer. When they finally disengaged Merlin felt more energized than after any of the times he indulged in sex since awakening.
All this from only an embrace. I begin to think that she sheds magic like the dragons, he thought.
“We can postpone the wedding for a few days. I didn't really ask the clergy to perform the ceremony today. I just wanted to see your reaction,” Nimue said.
“I'm willing but I would prefer to find out more about marriage before committing to it with you. How similar is it to being handfasted?”
* * *
When Anselm and Ernst appeared later on, Merlin introduced them to Nimue. She discouraged any great familiarity on their part with her biting speech but was willing to converse with them about anything of a non-personal nature. Merlin informed the two men that he would now start using the separate room in the barracks that was normally reserved for non-commissioned officers.
Nimue was charmed by Rein, even if she kept Anselm at a distance. The owl was as willing to perch on her as he was on either Merlin or Anselm. As the two wizards and the two students spoke, Anguis and Rein played a game of musical shoulders, drawing laughter from all present.
Merlin and Nimue talked late into the night. By mutual agreement they spoke about nothing of great import besides their possible wedding. When it was time for bed, Nimue grew silent. Merlin took her hand and gently pulled her towards his room. She sighed in relief and allowed herself to be guided to Merlin's bed.
* * *
In the morning they discussed other things. Nimue gave him the highlights of her past thirteen hundred years.
“I know some of this. The Germans were in possession of your journals and I skimmed them as I could,” Merlin said.
Nimue blushed.
“Merlin, how could you?”
“I thought you dead, I wanted to know what had transpired for you. As far as I knew that would be the only contact I ever had with you again.”
“I'll forgive you, this time. Yes, the journals were hidden near your cave. If they found you, they could surely have found them.”
“Find me they did. At the start, I didn't know how the spell was broken. After speaking with Gunter, another of my companions I've yet to introduce you to, I determined that the most likely cause was an artillery shell detonating on top of the hill my cave was in. Several of the crystals were destroyed and that broke the spell.”
“So what happened to you after that?” Nimue asked.
Merlin related his story to her, leaving out some small parts that he felt might disturb her.
“Merlin, you aren't telling me everything.”
Merlin sighed. He wondered if living with a woman that he couldn't conceal anything from was a good idea. He resolved to take it as a challenge and discover some way to do so.
“There were a pair of women as well. The first was a spy, they tried to use her as a hook to ensure my cooperation. The second was just a willing barmaid trying to earn some extra money. I thought you were dead. Even so I felt guilty, which was a new experience for me when it comes to friendly sex.”
Nimue smirked.
“You've always been a randy goat Merlin. Did you think that all your visits to the widows while you were training me went unnoticed? Perhaps by other people but not by me.”
“There you have it then, that's my tale. I have some questions for you if you don't mind.”
Nimue nodded.
“You said the dragons disappeared. I don't think they're dead, I came across some evidence suggesting that some, at least, are still alive.”
“Several of them are still in the world at large. The rest are, as best as I can tell, trapped somewhere else. Their trail led to a cliff face where the entire thing showed signs of enchantment. The magic was tied to the caster so I couldn't dispel it. I believe that the dragons lay behind that enchantment. I don't know whether it leads to a cave deep within the earth or some sort of pocket dimension created by the caster.”
“Were the dragons still on this planet, even deep within it, their magic would filter to the surface. I think your latter theory is more accurate,” Merlin said.
“I discovered more about the caster, parts that I didn't dare commit to writing. The creature that created that spell was a dragon and she was also insane.”
Merlin paid close attention, suspecting that he might have knowledge of this dragon's whereabouts.
“Her mate was slain by knights, knights from Camelot. Although Arthur was long dead by then and the priests of the Christian God were in control.”
Nimue stroked Anguis fondly.
“The blood of that dragon was used to create Anguis. He died trying to help me break the spell on you Merlin. The dragons felt that were you active in the world again, you could ease, or even stop, the violence against them. Several of them lost their lives trying to help me break the spell.”
Merlin shook his head sadly.
“None of them should've risked their lives for me.”
“They said that one of their kind had done an injustice to you and that they were attempting to balance the scales.”
“The story of my childhood. I can tell you some other time if you like. Please continue.”
“There isn't much more. I tracked the dragon who entrapped the others to Camelot. Camelot was gone, completely. Not a trace remained. The land it was once located on looked as though it were wild growth, old wild growth at that.”
“I can't say the concept bothers me too much,” Merlin said.
“The dragon then returned to the area near where the others are imprisoned. One other thing I found out about her was the name she uses for what little human interaction she has. She allows humans to use the name Ave for her.”
“A literate, insane dragon with a sense of humor? That's worrisome.”
“More worrisome still is that she can either shape-shift to human form or possess a human body. She spends most of her time in human form nowadays from what I've been told. I was keeping track of her from afar but she disappeared about ten years back.”
Something was nagging at Merlin. He reached to tug his beard, but his hand grasped only empty air.
“There's something...”
He shook his head.
“There may be something we can do about this...”
* * *
Merlin and Nimue spent the day together. They were aware that they would need some time to adjust. Nimue wasn't the same person after thirteen hundred years and Merlin wasn't as she remembered. Each of them had many questions for the other, both about their tales and about things that weren't mentioned in them. Their time together was interrupted when a hesitant Johann entered the barracks.
“Merlin? I hope I'm not intruding.”
“No, you're fine. Johann, I'd like you to meet Nimue.”
Johann looked at her.
“I'm pleased to make your acquaintance. But I need Merlin for a bit.”
Nimue gestured towards Merlin, her palm raised as though putting him on offer.
“Merlin, can you undo whatever you did to the wing? The British engineers are trying to repair the plane but they can't get to the damaged section of the wing.”
{Anguis, is that shield still anchored there?}
Anguis sat upright, looked at Merlin, and shrugged. His shoulders rolled and his wings flared as he tried to copy the human gesture.
Nimue and Merlin both broke out in laughter. Johann, who didn't see Anguis shrug, stared at them as though they were insane. Merlin replied when he caught his breath and could speak again.
“It will all work out Johann. Let me come see what I can do.”
###
Continued in: Merlin's Travels
An Untimely Error #2

Sign up to be notified by email when I release a new book or additional material at:
Tom Larcombe book notification list

Connect with the author at his blog:
tomlarcombe.blogspot.com

If you enjoyed this book please consider leaving a review for it.
