UNZIP AND OTHER COMPACT STORIES

BY TOMMY DAKAR

Published at Smashwords 2014
Table of Contents

Fear of the Dark

Kludge

Arven’s List

Home and Away

Unzip

Fade In, Fade Out

The Moor

You and I are Earth
OTHER WORKS BY TOMMY DAKAR

BALLS – A FULL-LENGTH LITERARY COMEDY

THICK AND FAST – A TRAGI-COMEDY NOVEL

FALLS THE SHADOW – TWIN STORIES, DIFFERENT YET INSEPARABLE

THE TRAP-DOOR – A DARK FANTASY NOVELA

A WORLD APART AND OTHER STORIES – A COLLECTION OF SELECTED SHORT STORIES



OR VISIT THE WEBSITE http://tommydakar.wix.com/tommydakar
Fear of the Dark



Kingsley Jordan did not realise as he turned the key in the door of his basement flat that in under three minutes he would be dead. He had been down on the streets all afternoon photographing the demonstration, documenting police charges and the defiant rows of angry protesters, and now he was thirsty and bursting for the toilet.  Had he been a more observant man, a more cautious, apprehensive person, he may have noticed the tiny signs that spelt danger. There are always signs. The door had opened too easily, as if it had been recently oiled, and he did not have to struggle with it as he usually did. That could have aroused his suspicions. He may then have turned the light on to take a closer look at the lock and noticed the splintered wood. But Kingsley did not live in fear, and he badly needed a drink, even more than he needed the toilet.
He had no idea as he pushed the door closed behind him with his foot that he was putting down his camera for the last time, that never again would he place his heavy lens bag on the hall table. In the evening gloom of his underground home he did not notice that the drawers to his work table were all open, because Kingsley was not afraid of the dark, and his mind was focussed on a glass of water. Had his urge to urinate been stronger than his desire to quench his thirst, he would have gone into the bathroom and been surprised to see the toilet seat up, the water in the bowl resembling white wine. He would have wondered, maybe, how he could have been so slovenly, so unhygienic. He always sat down to piss, at least in private homes; it had been driven into him throughout his childhood. If his mother had been there she would have frowned and called it to his attention. 
Kingsley, come here this instance! What did I tell you about this, eh? If I had an infra-red camera you'd see pee all over the place. It's disgusting. Now wash your hands and don't let me catch you standing up again.
So how come the seat was up, and the bowl unflushed? It may not have been enough to make him aware of the peril he was in, but at least it would have caused a slight nagging feeling inside his stomach, the way your body tries to tell you the car keys you confidently believe are in your bag are in fact in your other jacket, hanging on the back of the bedroom door. Though most probably he would have brushed it off as odd, just one of those things, have gently lowered the seat, pushed the eco flush, and headed off towards the kitchen anyway.

He had taken some fantastic photos that afternoon. The march had started off calmly enough, the crowd stoically bearing their banners of political slogans through the rain. There was the odd insult, the occasional joke, but mostly it was a serious affair, with a woman in a dark overcoat, a kind of cheer leader with a megaphone, prompting simple, monotonous rhyming chants. They had made their way along Main Street and had turned into Bigton Square without incident, where the police had drawn their line in front of the Town Hall. Both parties had held their ground, content with this standard stand-off. A manifesto had been read, and two representatives had disappeared into the council building with a signed petition. It was then that an elderly man had staggered into view, covered in blood, and fallen to the ground. What had happened? Who had assaulted him? The mood immediately changed, the singing stopped, and some objects were thrown at the riot police who until this moment had remained patiently in rank. Did they receive orders, or did they just over-react? There was a surge, a moment of panic, then the two sides clashed. The umbrellas and placards of the protesters were no match for the plastic shields and flexible batons of the police, and the crowd was soon dispersed, with people running in all directions. And Kingsley had got it all. 
He had managed to climb up the scaffold of a nearby building and take aerial shots of the square. With his zoom lenses he could pick out almost anyone from the mass of frenzied bodies and freeze them forever. A young student, armed with a stick, defiantly yelling at the police lines, daring them to tackle him, as if saying 'all at once or one at a time?' A middle aged woman in a pink plastic raincoat covering her ears as she fled towards the shelter of a shop doorway. The police commander, his eyes sweeping across the multitude searching for ringleaders and weak spots. Later Kingsley had crept back into the square and taken close ups of the blood and tears, of the fatigue, of the mixture of elation and defeat that hung over the Town Hall like gun smoke. 
On his way back home he had stopped off at a coffee house and flicked back through his work. There was some excellent stuff here, not only for the usual clients, but perhaps even for an international competition. One of them in particular stood out above the rest. It showed the frightened eyes of a young woman, in her mid-twenties or thereabouts, her head a riot of dark curly hair with strands sticking to her face like scars, and above her, about to fall, a police baton, held by an officer whose face seemed chipped out of granite. In the background a hellish scene of twisted torsos caught in combat, and all of this reflected in the huge plate glass windows of a bank.
It was photographs like these that made it all worthwhile. The rest was bread money. To Kingsley Jordan, journalistic photography was the mirror version of other art forms. A painter, a musician, a writer, or a sculptor creates something totally new, something that has never before existed, in the hope that it will reflect reality, make people see their world in a different light. A photographer does the exact opposite; takes reality as a starting point, then transforms it into art. The young girl in flames, the unarmed man before the tanks, the exhausted fire-fighter caked in ash and brick dust. At its worst it turns horror into a thing of beauty, but at its best it is a portrait of an age. And looking back through his shots that day, Kingsley was convinced he had served his purpose, had been the eye of the people, the chronicler, the historian, the witness.
Back in his flat he took off his jacket and tossed it over a chair as he made for the kitchen. His thirst and the growing darkness made him unable to spot the faint boot prints made by his executioner who now waited silently for Kingsley to make his entry. The photographer was about to be murdered, but there would be no photos, no eye witness, no testimony. He walked through the open door, his mind concentrating only on water, cool, fresh, transparent water, when the chord was wrapped around his throat and he was held from behind by two alarmingly strong forearms. He began to thrash, to kick his legs, to scratch at the steel arms that pinned him to a leathery smelling chest. Although he tried to scream, no sound came out, and all he could hear was the determined breathing of his killer. Once more he saw the eyes of the woman he had captured that very afternoon, her fear and horror, her crazy, terrified hair. He saw many things then, as he automatically, incredulously, writhed and grasped and clawed in vain for the air that would bring him back to life. He saw ants swarming around a wound, s-like snake tracks in sand dunes, the purple sun through coloured sweet paper. He saw his smooth, brown skin sinking under bath water, and heard the sound of wind rushing along a deserted tube station. 
He pissed himself then, and felt so ridiculously embarrassed he could have cried, except he could no longer do anything other than die. The visions slipped, became incoherent and dreamlike, until they eventually faded into darkness. His murderer let him fall to the floor. On his way out, he snatched up Kingsley's camera and lens bag, and left without bothering to close the door. 
The neighbours discovered the tragedy and informed the police, thereby saving his girlfriend from having to witness a scene which would have stayed with her and tormented her until the end of her days. Horror, once experienced, never goes away. Kingsley's father identified the body; she was allowed to forget, and move on. 
The serious crime squad soon pieced everything together from the available evidence – forced entry, the intruder surprised by the victim's return, violent reaction leading to death. Sundry valuables missing including professional digital camera and accessories. Fingerprint search negative. Thorough analysis of DNA samples from crime scene pending. 
The police photographer worked in a state of shock. He could not believe he was taking shots of Kingsley Jordan, could not believe the man with his head propped up against the kitchen cupboards was the famous photographer, could not believe that this corpse, with damp denims and a smell of stale urine, was his award winning colleague Kingsley, Kingsley Jordan, now reduced to a handful of snapshots in a police file. 
Eventually the funeral parlour was given the go ahead to remove the body, the door to the flat was sealed, and Kingsley Jordan ceased to exist other than as a statistic.
The detectives assigned to the case were optimistic, they had noticed the bootprints and how they had entered the bathroom. Mr. Jordan had clearly not had the opportunity to do the same, so it was reasonable to assume that the assassin had relieved himself there. Not a very professional approach. They were unsure if the concentration was sufficient for a positive DNA result, but things had moved on and it was incredible what the lab boys could come up with when they put their minds to it. Some pubic hairs had also been collected and they were all hoping they did not belong to the deceased. 
The Jordan family, and Lynn, had expressed their consternation at the criminal profile of the murderer. It seemed he was a thief, a habitual one, one who worked quickly and thoroughly and took pains not to leave too many clues behind. He wore gloves, and knew how to break into a flat without a sound. But who would then go and piss in the toilet? Or sadistically strangle his victim? It didn't add up, they argued. To which the police could only reply that, sad as it may sound, they dealt with thousands of such types every year. 
Kingsley's camera had also been stolen, and they had traced it back to the supplier. It was not an everyday camera, and should be easy enough to locate should anyone try to sell it. A physical description would have been useful, but nobody they had questioned had seen anything out of the ordinary. Nonetheless they honestly believed that it was merely a question of time before they caught the culprit. 
Detective Don Jenkins was, to use the correct term, taciturn. His colleagues had other ways of describing him. He would speak only if spoken to, would answer in monosyllables where possible, rarely smiled, never joked, and kept himself to himself. Which is why he had been chosen to break the news to his superior, Commissioner Osborne. 
Jenkins stood before the Commissioner's desk, a buff folder hanging loosely in his hand, his thick eyebrows furrowed as always, a dark, depressive look set around his mouth. His body hung from his thick neck as if it would rather slump slowly to the floor, and only remained erect due to legal imperative.
We have a positive match, sir.
Osborne tried not to smile.
Who is it?
Jenkins waited a second or two before answering, he was unsure what to expect.
Anselm of Hartswood.
Osborne waited a second or two, unsure what to expect.
Is that his name? What is he, some kind of artist? What do we know about him?
Jenkins drew in a long breath. He imagined his colleagues in the other offices trying not to laugh out loud.
He is, was, the Lord of Hartswood Manor, Hunsbury. Thirteenth century. The Dark Ages, sir.
Osborne glared at his subordinate. Had it been anyone else he would have trounced him out of the place in a second. He would have thought it was obviously some kind of set up, an elaborate joke on somebody's part. But it was the serious Jenkins who stood now before him, which meant that either he had fallen for the ploy himself, or... was telling the truth.
I assume there is some logical explanation?
Yes, and no, sir.
Osborne raised his eyebrows as a sign for Jenkins to continue. They also seemed to say 'be very careful'.
What I mean is that there is an explanation as to how a DNA search was run which included historical figures. The department of... the History Department, is where the anatomical data base is stored. Not here, but in North Compton. The police share computer facilities with the university. Not always, naturally, but for forensic material.... There has been a crossing of data from the police files, and by error the DNA database of the History Department was analysed alongside the police records. Instructions have been given and measures taken to ensure that it never happens again.
Let me see if I understand you. A criminal DNA search, using confidential information into a murder inquiry, was 'accidentally' mixed up with the database of.... of the Dark Ages? Is that what you are trying to say?
Yes sir.
Commissioner Osborne stared at Jenkins in disbelief, but his underling's face remained impenetrable. 
So, they 'accidentally' ran their historical database through the police computers, and got a positive! Is that what you are saying? Is that what you want me to believe?
Detective Don Jenkins nodded.
Who did you say it was? Andy something or other?
Anselm of Hartswood, sir.
Anselm of Hartswood. Anselm. Of Hartswood. So he's our man?
Irony was lost on Jenkins. 
He died in the thirteenth century.
In the Dark Ages.
Yes sir.
Leave that here and get out.
Don left the folder on his chief's desk and went back to face the interrogatory of his eager colleagues.
Commissioner Osborne leafed through the dossier. According to the scientific boys it was a perfect match. Which was nonsense, of course. But, it gradually dawned on him; it was also very dangerous nonsense. For a start it put DNA analysis into doubt, which would be a great set back in the courts. The lawyers would jump on it, and try to knock a hole in the concept of genetic identification. Maybe they could handle that side with an official denial or something. But it also occurred to him that if word got out, many people would actually believe that this Anselm character had truly come back from the dead and strangled Kingsley Jordan in his flat, leaving behind a pubic hair to prove it! He knew that to many such gullibility would sound inconceivable in this day and age, but he dealt with this kind of madness every day, and knew what he was talking about. It was imperative to nip all of this in the bud, straight away. He called a meeting. This would not leave the building.
During restoration work at All Saints church, Hunsbury Village, all items of historical worth were removed to the History Department of North Compton University, where they were catalogued by the staff. It was during this process that DNA samples were taken of skeletal remains.  Anselm of Hartswood had spent over seven hundred years buried under the cracked flagstones of the central aisle in a solid oak coffin which was found to be in a remarkable state of conservation. Carbon dating helped verify the date marked on the stone slab which covered his tomb – d. 1283. Examination of the remains suggested a male, possibly around thirty to forty years of age at the time of his death. No other outward signs. Cause of death unknown. Parish records recorded him as Lord of the Manor, one of a long line of Hartswoods, though the documents were incomplete and at times impossible to read. Local legend spoke of Anselm the Executioner, a terrible figure who had summarily hung, drawn and quartered, or burnt at the stake, or strangled with his own hands in dank dungeons anyone who had dared to oppose his will, though whether or not the stories referred to this particular Anselm was anybody's guess.
Mere sparks of information, but enough to start a fire, and soon the whole nation was taking a crash course in Medieval History. The Dark Ages, it appeared, was now deemed an inappropriate term, and it was more accurate to refer to those distant times as The Early, High or Late Middle Ages. There was talk of vassals and villeins, of knights and damsels, of yeomen in sackcloth and hearty, ale-serving wenches with fists resting on ample hips. Cruel noblemen deflowered local virgins whilst self-flagellating priests looked on, and heretics were consumed by flames for refusing to believe the world was a plate. Realistic and detailed artists' impressions of Anselm the Executioner and his gruesome pastimes fired the popular imagination, much to the inaudible dismay of scholars and historians. Perfectly accustomed by now to such excessive media coverage, people sifted calmly through the mass of detail offered to them by their chosen source of information until they found something that tied in with their worldview. This they then learnt by heart for use in future conversations.
But the main question of debate was: did Anselm of Hartswood murder Kingsley Jordan?
The establishment dismissed such speculation as idle fantasy. DNA testing was a complex scientific process which depended on any number of variables for a true match to be considered one hundred percent verifiable. In this particular case, there was apparently a contamination of the historical, skeletal sample, taken as it was as part of an academic exercise, and naturally not treated with the same rigour as a serious, modern, up to date criminal investigation. It was therefore a false positive, and should not be given further consideration. They apologised for any misunderstanding, for any suffering caused, and reiterated that measures had been taken to ensure that such a lamentable accident would never again occur. Case closed.
Officially perhaps, but that made little difference to those who believed that there was still a great deal the boffins did not understand. Uncanny, inexplicable things like déjà vu, telekinesis, garden gnomes or spirits from the past. After hundreds of years of scientific study, nobody could explain the power of a Ouija board, or how miracles work, or why ghosts still haunt us. Charlatans and media moguls picked up on this desire to dabble in the occult, and there was a surge in the sale of Tarot cards, crystal balls, prayer beads and mystic magazines. When challenged in their beliefs they would not hesitate to point out that, ironically, modern technology had proven them right – the pubic hair discovered at the scene of the crime belonged to Anselm. He had come back to punish those who refused to believe, and had left a sign so that his identity could not be denied. He was guilty beyond all reasonable doubt.
Commissioner Osborne had been severely reprimanded for not being able to keep the lid on this unfortunate affair. As a result of his incompetence he had been ordered to come up with a solution, and had been led to understand that he was to do everything within his power to find the real culprit. Now. He called in the most trustworthy of his team and asked them to come up with a profile. They were to use all available evidence, and a drop of imagination. There was to be a press release the following morning, and everything had to be ready by then. And this time there were to be no leaks, their jobs depended on it.
Kingsley Jordan's murderer now had a name, a physical description and a photofit image. Curtis McAll was a mean character, with a long history of violent offences. He was tall, balding, a body building fanatic. New evidence from another crime had enabled the police to positively match his DNA with that discovered in Kingsley's basement flat. He was deemed dangerous, and was not to be approached. Should anyone have any information that may help the police with their enquiries they should use the helpline number specifically set up for the occasion. 
Anselm of Hartswood was duly acquitted. A nationwide hunt was mounted to uncover the whereabouts of Curtis McAll, now nicknamed Curtis the Executioner, but it appeared he had managed to escape their grip and had probably fled abroad. Commissioner Osborne and his team were discreetly congratulated and obliquely rewarded. The case of Jordan/Hartswood/McAll was filed away under confidential and guarded along with a ton of other official secrets.
When he came to he was completely disorientated. His right arm was numb, he was freezing, and an intense, throbbing pain had started all down his left side. It was dark, dark and damp, and he realised he was lying, fully clothed, on a cold concrete floor. Slowly he dragged himself up into a sitting position and rested his back against the wall. There was no light, and it took a while for his eyes to adjust, but after a time he could make out a metal door, and what looked like a boarded up window high up on the furthest wall. The cellar was empty apart from a sack which he had been using as a makeshift pillow. Where was he? What was going on? As the blood trickled back into his right arm, so his memory began to return.
He had been drinking at the Shanghai. Tony had been there, and Chris too for a bit. He had left, when? around one, half past one? and headed home. Up to that moment he could think of nothing out of the ordinary, he had certainly not noticed anything. But as he had turned into Craven Street.... It was all very confused, like a dream sequence, from there on. He had noticed the car, the two men, but had thought nothing of it. He had heard them get out, and as he had turned to face them he had felt a sharp, paralysing pain as something was pushed into his left flank. He had fallen to his knees then, under a cascade of punches and kicks, the stabbing pain growing in his side. He had tussled with them, but ineffectively, doubled up in pain as he was. They had stuffed his head into something, the sack that now lay on the floor next to him probably, and bundled him into the back of the car. He remembered his face hitting the door, a smell of pinewood air freshener, then nothing.  
He pulled himself to his feet and checked his wounds. His arm felt a lot better now, though it was badly bruised, but the insistent pain in his side would not go away. He could feel with his tongue that his lip was swollen, too. Where on earth was he? And who had kidnapped him? For he was convinced he had been kidnapped. They had lain in wait and pounced on him, beaten him and thrown him into this cellar. But why? Who? Larry? Larry Bale? No, no, that didn't make sense. Larry was a bastard, but he wouldn't do this, wouldn't run the risk. Anyway, he'd spoken to him only last week and there had been no shit. Someone seeking revenge? Someone who had somehow found out about him and decided to take the law into their own hands? It was a possibility, but unlikely. If anyone had anything on him they'd just go to the police. No, it couldn't be that. Then what the hell was going on? 
He started to feel frightened then, his ignorance leading to fear. If there were a light, maybe he could get his bearings, think a little more clearly. Straining in the dark, he stumbled along the confines of his cell, feeling up and down the walls, but he found nothing. Above him he thought he could make out what appeared to be a neon light tube, but if it were, then the switch was on the outside. Perhaps he should shout, kick the metal door, call for help. But he was afraid that might also arouse whoever it was that had done this to him, so he sank back to the floor in silence.
He was awoken from a fretful, semi conscious state by the sound of footsteps. His heart pounded in apprehension as he heard keys turn in the metal door. He pulled himself to his feet once more, still in terrible pain. Last night's drinking had left his mouth so dry he could hardly swallow, and he badly needed a toilet. But above all he was afraid. 
The door swung open and three men entered, their silhouettes framed against the pale light that entered from the corridor behind them. One of them took a step towards him, then stopped, as if reluctant to come into contact with him, as if he were some kind of leper. 
Friday the sixteenth of May, Baywater Drive, robbery with violence. She put up quite a fight, didn't she?
I don't know...
Silence! Patricia Loos, middle aged, management consultant. You half strangled her to death, but she'll be alright. She's a brave woman. Intelligent, too. And cautious. 
He paused for a full minute before continuing.
She had cameras, and you got your picture taken. And you really should be more careful, there was enough of your skin under her nails to fill a test tube. 
The man's voice sounded angry. He spoke quickly, with little intonation, like a person who has a job to do and wants to get it over with as quickly as possible. The others said nothing, just stood motionless on either side of the open door.
So they must be police. The way they spoke, what they knew about him and that woman, that bit about the skin under her nails. Then where was he? What was this place? He had heard of torture chambers and secret cells, but had never entirely believed it. Maybe they were relatives of the woman, her cop cousins or something. Either way he felt he was about to collapse in terror. 
Deny it, that was the only way, the golden rule, deny everything. He was about to say that he had no idea what they were talking about, was even going to demand his rights, ask for a drink and a toilet, but got no further than the first syllable.
I...
Shut up! Don't even move!
His instinct told him it was best to obey.
You are Michael Anthony Gale.
He did not reply.
I said you are Michael Anthony Gale!
Yes, yes.
Pity. We thought maybe you were Curtis McAll. Because then we could arrest you for robbery with violence, and murder, and take you in for questioning.
He paused again for this to sink in. 
Or Anselm, wasn't it? Anselm the Executioner. Anselm of Hartswood. Are you Anselm of Hartswood?
No.
Or Curtis the Executioner?
No. No, I am who you said I am, Mike Gale.
He understood now. It had been amusing to watch the police run around in circles after all that fuss about Anselm. He had followed with interest the invention of Curtis McAll and his timely escape. He thought he had been lucky, that his tracks had been covered. Now he realised his mistake. If Curtis McAll did not exist, was pure fabrication, then Kingsley Jordan's killer could not exist either.
You are right. You don't look like you've been dead for seven hundred years. You don't look like a body builder, either, come to that. You look like a man who is about to piss himself.
With that one of the other men closed the door, and the cellar was plunged into complete darkness.

KLUDGE



 The revolving restaurant was balanced on top of the modern hotel like a stranded flying saucer.  Although it appeared to be perfectly at rest, it in fact spun imperceptibly, taking almost two hours to make full circle. By then, with luck, it would be all over, and Kludge would be back where he started. 
‘Welcome back, sir, so nice to see you again.’
Once a year. Once a year! And yet the waiter, a pop-eyed ghoul whose tie seemed to be strangling him, fawned and smiled and made butleresque gestures towards the table, the way he did to all his customers. How Kludge hated this man. He was like something out of a horror movie, a Halloween character meant to frighten but verging on the comic. 
‘Stop being so servile, you false, farcical fool.’ 
So much goes unsaid.
He wondered if he were the first to arrive; he’d found a parking space almost right in front of the foyer. After such a lucky break he had almost felt like tossing his keys to the doorman. Did they have valet service? But of course Larry had beaten him to it. He was at the bar, grinning, pretending that he was so at home, back amongst his dear friends the staff. 
As always Larry was dressed for the occasion. Shirt and tie, v-neck sweater, greyish suit jacket, pressed dark blue jeans. He might be seen without a sweater, or with an overcoat. His tie might be blue or grey, or, if he were feeling zazzy, gold with black stripes. But Larry would only dress differently if he were playing sports or going to bed. He had decided long, long ago that those were the clothes that best suited his lifestyle, best defined his character, his world view. Nothing odd in that; many people decide on a hairstyle and stick with it through thick and thin. Now for Larry any deviance from that line was almost a betrayal of his core beliefs. He was not one for T-shirts, not one for Italian designer suits. He was, as anyone could see, just good old what you see is what you get Larry. Come and have a drink, he motioned, it’ll be added to the bill anyway.
‘Thought I’d beaten you to it this time.’
‘That’ll be the day! Still, keep trying.’
The annual family get together. The Kludge clan. A ritual dating back to …. Larry would know, but it would be unwise to unleash him so early in the evening. The frustrated teacher, that was Larry. Given half a chance he would go on about it for hours, impervious to the increasing signs of utter boredom and irritation on the faces of his beloved relatives. No, best let it drop, because Larry was the typical ageing bachelor who sat you down for three hours to explain in excruciating detail every moment and movement of his latest trip abroad. A lonely man when you are feeling sympathetic, but mostly a man to be avoided if possible. 
It was time to take position. The rest of them would soon be arriving and there were certain members of the family that had to be kept separate for the sake of peace.  Janice versus Nadine, for example, a head-on juggernaut collision. Or D.B. the dickhead against shifty-eyed Grant. Can’t have the kids too near Ma either without ill-natured rebuke and ill-concealed distaste sneaking in. It was going to be a great party.
Ma made her entrance, with Aunt Milly, her hand-maiden, in tow. A big fuss was made of her, lots of kisses and hugs, whilst Milly was treated according to her rank; she was all but ignored. The matriarch was placed at one end of the table, which was a convenient way of keeping her at arm’s length from those at the opposite end, namely Janice, husband Terry, and little but loud Georgia.
Ma presided now, and all those who were foolish enough to arrive later than her would receive one of her disdainful looks even as they humbly rushed to acknowledge her status and proclaim their undying love for her. She resembled an ageing eagle, tattered at the edges but with a keen fire in her eyes. She would feign weariness and deafness, senility and frailty, but would not lose track of her prey. Her talons were as sharp as ever.
The last in was Ted, which was no surprise, it was a wonder he had managed to remember the date at all. His fair hair he had whisked around the top of his head, and amazingly it stayed in place. Ted was the opposite of Larry, and would wear whatever was next in line in his wardrobe. Tonight it was the turn of his paisley patterned shirt, some dark, baggy trousers, and a heavy knitted cardigan more suited to trawlermen. He waved vaguely at everyone and honestly seemed unaware of Ma’s reproaches. He took the last available seat, next to unpopular Georgia. Serves you right for being late, said Ma in silence.
Igor brought in the food in his sullen, sinister way. Brain? Sheep’s eyes? The U.F.O. specialized in local food which meant unadventurous, lacklustre fodder they had every day at home anyway, but it was the best way of avoiding conflict. Grant would have probably suggested sushi or something exotic like that, and no doubt there would have been a few votes in favour of something a bit more upbeat. But Janice was present, and her Georgia did not eat anything that she had not seen other kids eat on the T.V. Definitely not anything weird, or with different colours, especially green. Ma did not take kindly to all this foreign invasion stuff either, and Aunt Milly had always been ‘delicate’, which meant fussy. She ate like a finicky sparrow, taking minute amounts then quickly looking up from her plate as if what she was doing were sinful.  A pizza house, Ted had suggested once. The look on Janice’s face was enough. How could he indulge her in such a way? She was bad enough as it was without encouraging her. Now there could be no alternatives – the revolving restaurant it was.
The town rolled slowly past as they ate in public. Some seemed slightly embarrassed, trying to hide their chewing movements with their hands or their serviettes, others tucked in boldly, gleefully, wallowing in the feast. There were those that did not feel that the cuisine was up to scratch, and picked and flicked at the food on their plates as if it were some kind of alien material unfit for consumption. Ma ate as she did at home, noisily, with no concern for anybody else. Close your mouth when you eat. That used to be her advice to the children, but now look. Georgia had managed to get pizza to shut her up.
David, D.B. as he liked to be called, proposed a toast. He was the presenter of the show, young, robust, cheerful, and perfectly oblivious to social etiquette or subtle criticism. 
‘Here’s to all of you, except Grant!’
A little joke which made reference to the well known fact that he thought Grant was a prick, and vice versa. An ice breaker, a nice little touch of humour, no hard feelings, water under the bridge. Grant can take it like a man, if you know what I mean, eh? He got his laughs of course. 
Over to Grant.
But Grant was not amused. Or amusing. He could not contend with brick wall D.B.. not on his terms. So he smiled grimly, turned to Ma and said, 
‘To Ma, thanks for everything.’
What a creep, but it worked, it had to work.
They drank to that. They drank to a lot more, too, and as the evening drew on, they warmed to each other, just as Ma and Milly had feared.
As long as they stuck to their intimate mini groups things were fine. Kludge caught snippets of their partial conversations now and then, and it was the usual banter. Sports news, social updates, superficial comments about world events. The problems would arise once the talk began to overspill and stain the surrounding subgroups. Then the age old conflicts would once more sour the air. Just as well they were family and loved each other.
‘Infant obesity is so simple. Educate your children to eat. So many parents think that education is something others do, like teachers or social workers, but the real emphasis is on them. If you let them do what they want just to keep them quiet, well…..’
Thank you Nadine.
‘Not only food, is it? The same goes for everything. Tele, digital stuff. Can’t just let them do what they want.’
Larry to the rescue? Not exactly.
All eyes were now on Janice and her family. Would she defend herself from this insidious attack? Would she use Georgia as a shield, or even resort to dragging husband Terry into the debate?
She took a different route. She lied. Blatant lies that she knew they all knew were blatant lies. Accuse me if you dare. I am going to lie to shut you all up and you can think what you like about that!
‘Oh, we couldn’t agree more, could we Terry? It’s so important to have clear rules, and stick to them. Naturally it’s a slow process, but Georgia loves her salads and her greens, don’t you dear?’
Georgia nodded as she felt her knee squeezed below the table. Thanks Mum.
‘But tonight is a special occasion, and one little bit of pizza won’t hurt, eh?’
‘I’m not saying it to offend, Janice, it’s that I’m a little worried. You must …’
‘Tonight’s a celebration! We can drop the diet bit I think, can’t we?’
D.B. smiled his candid smile, and Nadine decided to back off for now.
‘You can see the tower now.’
Milly had spoken at last. Distracted and distracting. Always on the edges of the family, so unfathomable.
‘It takes one hour and forty-five minutes to complete a full circle.’
Larry had to be silenced or we would soon know the full history of revolving restaurants. Luckily Ted had something on his mind.
‘A revolution. Makes you think of change. But really it means the spin of a wheel. Takes you back to where you began.’
At last a subject Grant could warm to.
‘Yes, yes, that’s really quite good, Ted. That’s more or less why Albert Camus, in his book the Rebel, tries to explain why the word ‘revolution’ is not really apt at all, and that it is the rebel who really brings about change.’
‘Rebels my arse.’
 Footnotes courtesy of D.B.
‘You were not much of a rebel.’
Ma chimed in, aimed at Ted. That would later be analysed in depth.
Grant had asked for it, not so much by mentioning philosophy at a family reunion, but because he had unwisely chosen to pronounce the author’s name in its original French form, dropping the superfluous last letters: Alber  Camu. Odd how that irritated so many so quickly.
‘So pretentious those French.’
Milly once more. What did she have against the French? She’d never been abroad in her life. It was best to ignore her as always.
‘Well at least Grant had something interesting to say.’
Nadine appeared to have drunk a little too much.  She was itching for a fight.
‘Oooh, excusez-moi, madame. Voulez-vous a lilltle more du vin?’
That was as far as Larry’s French went.
‘Fuck off!’
‘Very eloquent, Nadine.’
Janice had spotted her chance for revenge.
‘But there are children present.’
‘Hold her back, Terry!’
D.B. trying to add a touch of humour.
What a balancing act this was, trying to keep them all under control and on best behavior!
Terry, surprised that he had been named, looked lost as always. He was really no more than a spectator, an unofficial observer. If he ever tried to get involved he would be told in no uncertain terms that his presence and his status was merely ‘political’, and he would never be a fully paid up member of the Kludge club.
‘What’s for dessert, Dad? Can I have ice-cream?’
Georgia was being rather discreet tonight, perhaps overwhelmed by the adult display.
‘Tonight you can have whatever you like, my darling.’
Janice threw this in Nadine’s direction, hoping she would rise to the bait, but she was met with a stony silence.
Ma, realizing that she was the only one who could restore a veneer of peace, tapped her glass with her fork. The table gradually fell silent. The waiter hovered in the wings like a slavering buzzard, unsure whether to move on to the dessert or keep respectful distance. An insurance building tentatively edged into view. It was time for Ma to speak.
It would be short and uninspiring, would glide over so many unattended issues, and leave everyone desiring more. But that was how it was with Ma. There was never any more. Her secrets would die with her. So be it; she was the boss.
‘First, thank you all for coming tonight.’
Not at all, not at all.
‘Second, and I don’t want any fuss about this, this is on me.’
They knew that, and had used every trick in the book to pay for her, but that evil waiter was under her spell and she would have her way. So they simply groaned and writhed, defeated by her will.
‘And finally, I want no more bickering! I think that we are civilized enough to get through at least one night a year without being at each others’ throats.’
She let that sink in before adding
‘So, here’s to us all. Cheers!’
They finished in good spirits. The town rolled back to where it had originally been, and little by little they trickled out, with kisses and hugs, or at least a no-hard-feelings goodnight.
Kludge wiped his mouth one last time with his napkin. Igor appeared with a little silver tray and slipped it in front of him. He opened it up.
Dinner for one, it read. He passed him his credit card.
‘Would you like to make a reservation for next year, sir, as is your custom?’
‘Yes please.’
‘Very well. Mr. Kludge, table for one, same time next year. Thank you, sir.’

Arven's list

As Arven's time drew near he realised he had absolutely no idea what it had all been about. 
He was not sure if he had two weeks or two months to live, but he wouldn't make it to New Year, that was clear.  Apart from that he swore he felt fine. The morphine cocktail was doubly effective; it numbed the pain as well as helping him lose grip on a reality for which he was not at all prepared.
Arven was not a religious man. There were no deep philosophical reasons for this, it was simply that he had been overwhelmed by the choice. They all seemed perfectly respectable, but which one should he decide on? It was almost impossible to set one above and beyond the others, to the exclusion of the rest, without feeling a little sorry for the losers. So he just got on with it on his own. 
Now he could have done with a little faith to cheer him up.
So that was that, then. It had been a bit chaotic at times, and he could now admit that he had made more than his fair share of mistakes, but three wonderful kids and two grandchildren now gathered round him as a kind of compensation.
Shouldn't there be something else, something......more? It was difficult to express, but he felt that, had his life been a book, then the ending was particularly weak. Cancer, and gone. In the middle of so many plans. It was untidy, it was pointless, it was pathetic. Though perhaps he was not an entire book, but merely a chapter, or a sentence in a larger novel. Or even less: a conjunction, a comma, a full stop. 
It was too late to understand now. A punctuation mark in the Book of Life! Please! Still he had an urge, a desire, a need, to leave some kind of record of his life, something that could be handed down to future generations. His life was over now, but he had existed, he had lived, and he had learnt. He knew it could not be a work of art, or a philosophical tract, but he had to do what he could while he still had the strength and clear-headedness to do so. 
He decided to make a list. He called it 'Things I will Miss when I'm Dead'. It was not to be the usual romantic nonsense about sunsets and kisses, but rather a collection of sounds, scents and sensations that all too often went unnoticed. The smell of decay, the bite of an ant, the first symptoms of flu. Perhaps they would help his descendants capture part of the intensity of a life that was impossible to retain. 
Unfortunately he died before he could begin.


HOME AND AWAY



John West sat in the dining room watching the rain on the glass. He remembered how, as a child, he had imagined that each drop was a little boat racing to be the first to reach the bottom of the frame. Once there it was all over. Some of them would not make it, just seemed to dissolve into a smear, others would need the help of a newly arrived droplet to push them on their way. In a flush of philosophy he thought that life was like that, arbitrary and pointless, and that his destiny, like that of so many others, was about as important and interesting as that of a drop of dirty water. The raindrops were people, yes, his contemporaries, striving to get down the window, if nothing else, without disappearing on the way.
Through the irregular, rain-streaked panes of the window the street outside appeared sliced and fragmented. The kaleidoscopic cars of anonymous neighbours passed in segments, their headlamps sending shards of shattered light across the walls. It was then, in the refracted and distorted light of the dining room, that he decided he would visit those other lives, wherever they may be, would envisage humanity as a whole, like tears on glass. He was sure he could do it. Maybe his grandfather would have thought it impossible, his imagination limited to dream sequences or sleight of hand. Even his father may have found it difficult, despite superimposed film scenes and air travel. But John's generation had been brought up with this new ability, had been immersed in a world of visual effects and instant, digital communication since birth. He had been given the tools, now it was up to him. 

He would have to become a lens, a bird's eye, and pull back from himself so that he could see himself, as patients do in near-death experiences, floating up out of their would-be corpses and looking down upon the green hats of the body mechanics who are unaware that the person they are operating on is in reality hovering just below the ceiling. If he could achieve that he would then be able to observe how he sat in his favourite chair, meditating, entranced by the rivulets that streaked the dining room window like so many distant lives. From there he could carry on up, through the neatly arranged bedrooms to the roof, with its chimney and aerial, its tiny weeds growing from the cracks in the tiles, and contemplate the garden, the blue plastic swing, the driveway. Then higher, until the whole street was in view, the perfectly designed avenues and cul-de-sacs of suburbia, the junctions, playing fields, schools and shopping malls of this blessed corner of the world. Slowly he would rise above the city itself, above the apartment blocks and highways, the river and the industrial estates, until patchwork farms came into focus, racing off in graph like precision towards the next smoke choked metropolis. 
Not too fast, though, or he would rise above the clouds, up into the stratosphere and out into dark, cold space, raising the problem of re-entry. If he miscalculated and came in at the wrong angle he would be frazzled in an instant, like an ant in the flame of a cigarette lighter. 
So carefully, then, with the cool command of an experienced cameraman.  
John hugged the contours of the land, flying low, sneaking under the radar, dipping down into valleys, soaring up abruptly as the mountains approached, then back down again, at cruise speed, out over the glittering waters of the lake. As in his childhood video games he had full control over velocity, altitude, rate of acceleration, range of vision. The tiny rowing-boat was but a speck on the vastness of the lake's surface, but in an instant he had zoomed in and picked out the floral pattern on the young girl's summer dress as she watched the fish gasp and flip and lunge at her grandfather's feet. He was convinced, he had the power. Now he would fly off to distant lands, to distant lives, later to return triumphantly with knowledge and understanding.
For it was true that the world had shrunk. The digital age had screwed up the huge, brown-edged maps that had hung on classroom walls, and crushed them into a small, blue-white ball. From the comfort of his home he had watched typhoons form in Asiatic seas, seen the smoke plumes of Australian bush fires, and the night skies of the first world lit up by a million neon signs while the rest of the world remained in darkness. He had seen how the New Year came in globally, on the hour, every hour, spreading round the world like a crowd doing the wave at a football stadium. 
He had travelled before, had dipped his toe into the uncertain waters of foreign lands. Carefully planned trips where the blow of culture shock had been softened by organised activities and comfort, the glare of the unknown made bearable through the filter of expensive sunglasses. 
Old grandfather West had never had the opportunity to do the same. A shopping trip to the city, and a brief honeymoon on the south coast were as much as he could boast. 'I don't need to travel to know what people are like' he had said gruffly from under his hairy eyebrows. It had sounded like an excuse. Or envy. Father had been abroad, at least to neighbouring lands, and had brought back the knick-knacks that now filled his parlour. But he had not been convinced, had seen the world as a hostile place, full of petty thieves and liars, poverty and sickness. Now he preferred to spend his free time at his getaway in the country where he could be left in peace.
It was true that in the past he had travelled, like his father, as if the world were a zoo, each new country an exotic enclosure full of strange and colourful animals with unpronounceable, forgettable names. A handful of nuts, a few photos, and on to the next section. There had been pizza en Pisa, tagine in Tangiers, luxury in Luxor. But this time he meant to get beyond return tickets and hand luggage, receptionists and tour guides, medical insurance and travellers' cheques. It was not a holiday he had in mind, but a discovery, an encounter. He would make amends.
He flew up until he could see the contours of the nation below him, the clear cut shoreline, the sugar-coated peaks of the mountain ranges. Below him the world spun slowly on its axis, tilting oceans and continents up for his examination. There were no borders visible at this height, and it was difficult to discern where one land started and another finished, they all just merged together into one continuous stream of green, blue and brown. An optical illusion. 
He scooped down at random towards a city, any city, and was disappointed to see the same high rise blocks, ring roads and international brand names of his home town. Taxis clogged the streets of the city centre, whilst across the river, amid abundant vegetation, the larger houses slumbered in well-tended calm. He realised he would need to get closer, to get under the superficial skin of civilisation, to seek out and enter the heart and soul of this culture. 
As he glided over the financial district he began to discern the outlines of a shanty town growing amongst the towers like a clump of toadstools in a forest. Perhaps this was what he was searching for. Not tourism, not idle curiosity, but real contact, human contact, eye contact. John removed his sunshades and floated down to street level.
A liquid of sorts, thick and murky, gave off a stagnant stench of sour milk and rotting fish. Eyes watched him through slits as he approached a shabby hut, flimsily slung together with whatever was at hand. He stopped, suddenly afraid. He imagined appearing, literally out of the blue, into the battlezone streets of the badlands back in his home city. It would not be the wisest move, and may be misinterpreted. These places were usually swarming with violent thugs and had little to offer beyond basic survival instincts. Slums that conjured up words like fetid and decay. Ghettoes of disease and desperation. A ribbed, dun coloured dog slunk out from under some boarding and started to circle him apologetically, as if prepared to negotiate a beating for a morsel. A dishevelled child popped her head out of what should have been a window, but which was no more than a hole in a chipboard panel. She smiled, and the sight of her uneven teeth, her tangled hair, her cheerful, unjudging eyes, made him feel uncomfortable, unbearably aware of his origins, his health, his good luck. He needed to leave immediately, to accept that he had made a mistake and fly away before he was cornered by angry, unfathomable faces and forced to explain himself. It had not been his intention to gloat over the misfortunes of others, or flaunt his well-being in their unwashed faces. He had only wanted to understand, and to be understood. The best thing to do now was to rewind, erase the scene and start again.
John West sat on an outcrop and surveyed the simmering flatlands that spread out before him. He had been too hasty, he realised that now. It had been an error of judgement, a beginner's mistake. What had he been thinking of? How could he possibly relate to people whose entire lives had been spent among squalor and ignorance? What could he have in common with them above mere existence? How could they share his notions of tolerance and compassion if all they had ever known was hardship and injustice? It had been rash, and he felt embarrassed by his naïvety. From now on he would have to avoid extremes, neither shacks nor palaces, only ordinary people leading ordinary lives, people with common concerns, common needs, common yearnings. 
He soared over parched earth, slipped unnoticed along narrow alleyways, hovered above squares and fountains looking for a place to linger, a place to dwell. A side street café caught his attention, so he materialised at a table from where he could observe the comings and goings of the town. An alphabet he could not decipher declared mundane things such as No Parking or Home Grown Produce, while schoolchildren in historical uniforms were ushered off, petted and patted, by worrying mothers. The coffee was a small but powerful punch in the guts. Like all unknown languages the unfamiliar sounds that bounced of the whitewashed walls contained veiled threat, which, added to the coffee, made him decidedly uneasy, particularly alert. He tried to read between the lines, to make sense of this man's swaggering, of that lady's demure posture, a friendly greeting, a shady deal sealed with a long handshake. Perhaps if he analysed their movements, their procedures, he could come a little closer to seeing the world through their eyes. Perhaps if he stayed long enough he would begin to understand not only the language, but the way it was used, the nuances, the cultural background that made these people who they were, gave them their unique identity. If he could create his own Rosetta stone of their past, their mother tongue, their religion, their traditions, then, given time, he could begin to understand. 
He would imagine he was one of them, belonged to the community, was just taking a break in his favourite coffee shop as he watched his neighbours live their lives. Across the street a woman in long robes walked before a young girl carrying a basket of fresh yellow fruit. Her daughter? A servant? In front of a battered lock-up garage the girl slipped, spilling the fruit, meddlar? on to the pavement, where they rolled in all directions as if trying to escape. The elder woman started screaming wildly at the girl, and thrashed out at her, clipping her several times around her uncovered head. The girl huddled into a ball as she tried at once both to protect herself and collect the evasive fruits. John West could not contain himself any longer, he could not stand by and watch the young child be so rudely mishandled by this ageing tyrant. In a flash he crossed the street and pulled the woman away, grasping her by both wrists. 
Leave her alone! She's just a child! It was an accident, for heaven's sake!
These unintelligible, guttural sounds struck terror into the hearts of the old woman, the child, the township as a whole, and within seconds John found himself surrounded by waiters, butchers, policemen, businessmen, shop assistants and bus drivers. Who was this dangerous person who dared to touch a stranger? Who was this uninvited guest who felt he had the right to intervene in things that did not concern him?
John let go of his prey and started to speak. He wanted to explain, to justify his intervention, to teach them that child beating was unacceptable, but at his first words the crowd appeared to grow even angrier, so he decided to fall silent. The girl scrabbled about among their feet until she had collected the very last fruit before finding refuge in the arms of her aggressor. A fat man with a grey moustache and a grey suit began to speak in an animated tone as John disintegrated into mist and fled. 
The drops of condensation slowly merged, swelling into 3D until they extricated themselves from the glass surface of the booth and formed the figure of John West. He found himself sitting on a white, plastic seat at one of the Meeting Points of a busy international transport hub, watching the purposeful trudge of travellers. The story went that if he stayed there long enough the whole world would pass through right before his eyes. But time was an element he did not yet control. 
He was unsure what to do next. He could visit any corner of the world in an instant, but nowhere particularly appealed to him. Wherever he decided to go he would be met by barriers of flawed, imperfect glass, and try as he might he would not be able to see clearly through its tainted opacity. Perhaps it was time to head for home.
He crept back into his neighbourhood under the cover of darkness, back to himself and his solitary meditation, far too tired to notice how, just streets away from his own door, a terrified daughter made out through her tears the menacing figure of her drunken father, while mother, lost in a trance of incomprehension, stared out the window at the rain which fell, silently, continuously.

UNZIP




The outhouse was as sparse as modern language. Functional, basic, no designs on beauty. A folding table, two plastic chairs, a fluorescent tube buzzing overhead. Through the half open door a slice of a van, the sounds of a suburban weekday.
 Jackie looked worn. Her highlights had slipped an inch or so down her hair. When she smiled only her mouth moved. As always she skipped the formalities.
‘They’ve decided against it. Too costly.  They say that maybe if you could cut it back…. But for now it’s off the agenda.’
She paused. No response. Best to push on to the end.
‘Don’t waste any more time on it. It’s dead. Time to move on. I’m sorry.’
He’d known it was coming, but it still hurt. Maybe even more for that. Like when the thug says he’s going to punch your face just before he does. The anticipation leads to further pain.
He looked round him: tins of paint, bottles filled with murky liquids, an old sideboard littered with gardening tools. And Jackie, tired and defeated like himself.
‘Me too.’

Except it wasn’t like that. Or at least it was only partly like that. Put that way it sounds too detached, too cynical, as if nothing were surprising anymore. But it was not a script, not a stance. There was no camera.

Jackie had phoned him the day before and arranged the meeting. It was obvious then that he had been rejected. Why call him in if not? They had been giving him signals for months now; putting him off, changing dates, claiming they had to consult with other departments and the like. Friendly, of course, but elusive. Slippery. 
Nine o’clock. Which meant an early start, as she well knew. To get there on time he would have to leave before dawn, but there was no point in trying to get her to change the appointment, she never did. Or you made it or you blew it. 
So he would have to get up around five and drive through the heavy morning traffic. To make sure he was punctual he’d have to give himself time for unexpected hitches and hold ups. But if it all went well it meant he would arrive too early and have to sit in his car for an hour or so because where Jackie lived there were no services.
He slept badly, one eye on the alarm clock. Fretful dreams about being late or losing keys. The roads were calm, he arrived well before time. He parked just around the corner, too tired to appreciate the beautiful spring weather, wondering why he bothered to go through the motions when he knew what was coming. Was it good manners, or obedience?
She opened the door in gardening gloves, which irritated him. Wasn’t she so busy she never changed her schedule? Her hair was a mess, as if she’d just got out of bed. The line of her parting was grey. Otherwise she was neat enough in a blouse and jeans. She led him through to the outhouse.
It had been meant as a garage and had a large metal door with a smaller one cut into it. It was almost empty apart from a folding table, like a small ping pong table without a net, and a couple of garden chairs of green moulded plastic. For no reason at all the light was on, buzzing like a fridge.
They sat down at opposite ends of the rickety table. She did not offer him a drink. She tried a smile, but it didn’t happen. Her heart was not in it, and whilst the corners of her mouth turned up, the rest of her face refused to be part of the farce. 
She sighed wearily – this was not going to be easy for her. So straight to the point.
‘They’ve decided against it. Too costly.  They say that maybe if you could cut it back…. But for now it’s off the agenda.’
She had not rushed her lines, she had studied them. A police officer announcing the death of a loved one. Apologetic in a theoretical way, a professional knowledge of psychology, a yearning to get it over and done with as soon as possible. 
She tried to catch a glimpse of her victim without his noticing it, but failed on both counts.
There was a pause. Through the half open garage door came the sound of passing cars and birdsong. She would give him a chance to say something. But there was no reply. So be it.
‘Don’t waste any more time on it. It’s dead. Time to move on. I’m sorry.’
It was harsh, almost cruel, but best that way. Short and sharp and to the point. Life is full of these nasty turns and surprises, she seemed to say. Get over it and get out.
He looked strangely relaxed, taking in the surroundings. The metal shelves full of tins of paint, jars of preserves, containers filled with anti freeze and pesticide. The dusty white van parked out on the driveway. She wondered what he was thinking. Surely he must have known why she had called him all the way out there? Was he going to make her an offer for that old sideboard? His silence was beginning to unnerve her, like an accusation. She sat tensely. Well come on if you like, I’m ready.
But instead he just stood up and said, in a deadpan voice that conveyed virtually nothing,
‘Me too’.

That’s better, it’s a lot closer. But no, it wasn’t that, not precisely. From one angle maybe, but there was more, so much more. 

What is lacking? The indescribable intricacy of angles, of pale and sharp reflections, shades of shade? The fine mesh of interwoven senses? Or  time? Was that the missing element? Not the chronological order of events; he got up at precisely 5.05; the journey lasted two hours and fourteen minutes. No, not the continuous gnawing of clocks, but the broader sweep, the thick brush strokes. Time not as a measuring tape, a stop watch, but something more elastic and amorphous. There was a couple smoking calmly by the window, (where, when?) and their smoke trickled up to form layers and whorls that shifted with each tiny current. That kind of smoky, gaseous time is always present, and had been wrapped around everything in that stark room. Their straightforward conversation stretched backwards and forwards in time as he saw Jackie in her twenties, Jackie in the office, in her office, their tense moments glimpsed for an instance in the corner of a mouth. Her ages peeling off to reveal another woman, the same woman, only to quickly reassemble on her present face as if it had all been a trick of the light.   
In the objects too, those silent witnesses, apparently so neutral and indifferent but in reality barbed with memories. Tins of paint, half used and probably dried up and useless, each one with its coloured guts seeping out, forming sloppy formation on the shelves. Had those things not also been there when their grandfathers had walked this earth? And this rickety table of the youth hall? Were they expected to ignore it, to pretend they hadn’t noticed, to look away?
Time swirling around them like chaos, pushing them on, dragging them back, denying them forgetfulness. Evasive, untrustworthy time making the idea of a beginning, a starting point, even an arbitrary one, impossible. There are a thousand choices, but they must decide on one alone, or they cannot even begin to move. Things can be left unfinished, but not unstarted.
There can be no true point of departure, but let this suffice.

An idea. Not Leonard’s or Jackie’s (they liked to think they were above such individualistic notions, and to the gallery they were), but just a simple idea that lead to another, and gradually grew into a project. There had been catalysts; his interview with Mario’s mother sprang to mind, and Jackie too had spotted the opportunity for expansion, but neither of them ever claimed authorship of the original idea. One day it existed, and that was that. The plan was simple - they would take the best educational techniques and technology to the country, to the small rural schools which had never seen a native language teacher, or a chemistry lab, had never had access to cutting edge IT training. They envisaged huge trucks or buses, equipped with the latest gadgetry and the finest professionals, pulling into the main street as hordes of excited children and grateful parents swarmed around them. The educational circus has arrived! They drew up names for the project – Future for All, The Big School Bus, The Fast Track Truck and all sorts of nonsense. 
At first it was a private issue, not getting beyond the walls of the coffee bar or the small talk of the dinner table. But they hoped, possibly even knew, that one day they would forward the notion at a board meeting, with facts and figures and a well studied presentation, and they would fight for it. It was their baby, their brainchild, and they naturally wanted the best for it.
So they did their research, found out who they needed to talk to and how many administrative hoops they would have to jump through. Costs were worked out and possible financing explored. Sponsors, donors, competent authorities, insurers and   guarantors. Even the political benefits to be gleaned depending on ideological leaning. They had it all wrapped up.
That was…. three years ago now? Three years since the presentation, give or take a month. It was late spring or early summer, because the windows were open making it hard to be heard over the roar of the city. But how long since the original idea, that sad visit from Mario’s mother? It must have been, if they were both in Planning, somewhere near ten years, nine at least. Not that it mattered, in real terms, in verifiable units of time. Eight years, eleven years, so what? But on their personal timescale it meant a lot, meant time invested, time shared, time together with a common goal. 
It was that knowledge that was present in the air of the outhouse. They did not need to refer to it; it existed without the need of words. Their old excitement, their collusion, their frustrated desire to create and to educate. The faint, sweet smell of hope almost lost under the bitter tang of paraffin and defeat. Defeat and betrayal. 

Betrayal? Was that the right word? And who or what had been betrayed? Leornard, both of them, her ideals, his innocence? Maybe the word was too emotive, too dramatic. A change of allegiances, a fresh approach to new circumstances, a simple question of evolution. Cooler, more detached phrases to explain bitter disappointment and lost faith. Because, to his mind, Jackie, his one time colleague turned full time boss, if nothing else, abandoned him and the cause, ditched her part in the project and left him out on a limb, alone. That was there in her non smile, in the lack of hospitality, in the inflexible timing of a finally pointless meeting.
He should have spotted it earlier, but their relationship, one step beyond mere workmates, hindered his vision. No, they were never lovers; there was never even the slightest hint of physical attraction. But they were friends, not intimate, but close. Shared ideals, at least for a while, and sincerely worked together to improve things. When she was promoted they celebrated, half of the department raising their glasses to her success down at Bernie’s. Then she was gone.
Now he recalled, and his new knowledge coloured events. She graciously allowed him to present the project as if it were his own, backing him up with statistics only when strictly necessary. He thanked her profusely for that act of modesty, truly believed that she was maintaining a low profile for his benefit, so that he could take most of the credit. Now he realized she was already distancing herself from the whole idea. He felt she had failed him, and that is what he saw in her lacklustre hair as she opened the door. 
She must have known that he knew that the appointment was a farce, a perfect waste of time. She must have known that he would be angry with her for making him go through the motions, for the early start, the dumb wait in the car. Perhaps the gardening gloves were an oversight. Or not. She was, after all, pruning. 
And whose idea was the outhouse? This Spartan setting for a clipped dialogue?  It had clearly been intended for use as a garage and was neither comfortable nor inviting, having been transformed into a room as an afterthought.  So why there? Was she merely informing him of an executive decision, or was there more to it? Was it a humiliation of sorts, or perhaps some kind of bloodletting? Could he not have been informed at the office? Why this trek into suburbia, this minimalistic stage set, this apathetic communication? Jackie’s idea, or was she following orders? And if so, whose orders? And if so, why agree to them, why carry them out to the letter?
Their old friendship lay in the corner of the garage by the old sideboard, a tattered and oily rag. Someone should throw it out, he thought, but there it stayed, stained and ugly. 
She was keen to get it all over with as quickly as possible, to make the journey even more futile. I won’t take up much of your time, she seemed to say, so don’t you feel foolish having come all this way to hear just a few curt lines? Indifference is the pivotal point. Indifference breeds indifference. But as we branch out into friendship and on to love, so we see the other side stretch into enmity and hate. They correspond. 
‘They’ve decided against it. Too costly.  They say that maybe if you could cut it back…. But for now it’s off the agenda.’
They. ‘They’ have decide, ’they’ say. Shifting the blame while she dealt the blow. It was difficult to know if that was cowardice or diplomacy. Was she washing her hands of the affair, claiming innocence, my hands are tied? Or was she trying to win him over, I’m on your side, can’t you see? And this mix of Jackie-speak, ‘too costly’, with corporate jargon, ‘off the agenda’, as if implying that although the real woman still existed, she was, don’t forget, a high flyer.
A flippant blow to the head. Short, deadly phrases carefully pronounced, but quickly, a left jab. A little teaser in there for a second, a false ray of hope, of hopelessness in that ‘maybe if you could cut it back…’ meant to soften impact. 
Pathetic excuses. ‘Too costly’. As if the economics of the scheme hadn’t been laid out a thousand times. It was cost zero, with excellent prospects of side benefits from merchandising and the like. 
Lines that cannot be contested, words like slamming doors. It would be futile to cross examine; sentence had been passed.
She could not hold his gaze, not from the moment she had shuffled to the front door. A wan smile was as much as she could muster. Was that due to guilt or weariness? Was he merely another stone in her shoe, a scratch on her new car? Is that why she wanted to get it all over so swiftly, the empty space, the lack of refreshment, the condensed message? Or was this an embarrassing situation for her, a thankless task, who will rid me of this troublesome loser? 
He knew she had paused to see if he had anything to say. He also knew that she had foreseen his sullen silence. Dialogue was off the agenda. She would speak, he would listen. Once informed, job done and good day to you, sir.
And through the half open garage door the rest of the world peeped in to keep things in perspective, to remind them that it was only an instant, a speck of time. 
She sat on the plastic chair in a temporary manner, at an angle instinctively adopted to discourage intimacy, her body language proclaiming that he would be dealt with deftly. Agony would not be prolonged. As forms of execution go she was a guillotine. 
She moved slightly, and he knew she was about to deliver her final words. Maybe she was suffering too, in her limited way.
‘Don’t waste any more time on it. It’s dead. Time to move on.’
Philosophy lessons to boot. Spilt milk, the king is dead. A little psychological advice for old time’s sake. Then, almost in the same breath, but with a minimal yet patent pause, a hesitation. 
‘I’m sorry.’
Hollow. Blurted out without conviction like please and thank you. A conventionalism to be observed, a detail for the record. 
She tried not to let it show but he could almost hear her muscles relax as she uttered those last insincere but conclusive words. It was done. The tension that had been built up in her body now diffused into the surroundings. The oily rag, the tins of useless paint, the flies crawling up the dirty panes that gave out onto the garden, they all absorbed their share. The air was trilling with heat and birdsong, untrustworthy memories, frustration, broken friendships and dashed hopes. Time and vision like an accordion, collapsing, swelling, its melody a chaotic collection of smells and stomach pains, of traffic noise and insecurity, a thousand fretful thoughts intermixed with a certain notion of nonchalance, of a phase terminated, of a new beginning.
He stood up, much to her relief. Now there were only formal farewells to handle, the worst was over. ‘I’m sorry’ she had said. He looked down upon her ageing figure, her outworn features, her spent charisma. 
‘Me too.’
As a parting shot it was not much, as his dull intonation seemed to accept. But they did the job. They were done now, once and for all.

She suspected that he saw things like that, was still squirming with impotence and abandonment. It was an aura that surrounded everything he did, a halo of disappointment. His shoulders slack, his head slightly bowed, his mouth still angry and a little arrogant even in defeat. Poor Leonard, he took things so much to heart, that was his major shortfall.  Now she had the distasteful task not only of officially closing the file on his pet idea, his only idea, but of finalizing their relationship. Because she knew he would never forgive her for not having championed the cause, would never understand how she had ‘sold out’ and clung to her position rather than fight an unwinnable battle for…. For what? For honour’s sake? It was futile – she had inside information. The wisest thing to do was forget it and move on. Great idea, wrong moment. No hard feelings and better luck next time. But not Leonard, oh no. He was a crusader, a killer of giants and dragons, a bringer of light and truth. That’s why he was still where he was after all these years. A dreamer, a romantic. 
She knew he would be sitting in his car, just around the corner, unable to arrive before time in case… In case what, Lenny, do you really think it will have any bearing on things at this point? She checked her watch. He’d be up the path in about ten minutes, so she had time to cut  a rose before he came, cheer the place up a bit. 
It had been a long night. Conrad had tossed and turned, coughing and constantly going to the bathroom. He had left early, but she had been unable to get back to sleep. Now she felt exhausted, even more so when she contemplated the dour and basically pointless meeting with Leonard. Why had they insisted that it be her who bang the nail into the coffin? What weird sadistic message was that? Boardroom psychology, the bastard’s approach. Well, she had agreed to it tacitly so there was nothing more to do than get it over with as quickly and painlessly as possible. 
The familiar yet always slightly menacing sound of the doorbell, a silhouette framed in the crinkly glass – Leonard.
Instinctively she opened the door. He greeted her with a glance at her gardening gloves. A silly mistake. They had not got off to a good start. She smiled by way of confession and apology, but her heart was not in it. She objected to his accusation, because she knew exactly what he was thinking. Wasn’t she supposed to be so rushed off her feet that he would need to make the effort to travel out to her house for the appointment, as she quite simply did not have time for anything these days? Fuck you, Lenny, cutting a rose takes two minutes. I also go to the toilet every now and then, ok?
She motioned for him to follow her. They could not use her office as it was cluttered with material that belonged to a new and as yet unrevealed project. Not for your eyes, Len. And to use her living room was too… too cosy, would give a false impression of intimacy. So she thought that the outhouse would do the trick. No frills, no comfort, but no corporate overtones either. Just a simple room for a simple message. Quite fitting in a way. 
A simple task? Who was she trying to fool? She sought protection in these worldly-wise phrases, she knew, tough lines with street cred worn like a bullet proof vest. But she could not dwell on the past, or dwell in the past like Leonard. It was too painful. So she took refuge in the shared philosophy of social success, safely clad in her verbal armour. Today she would be curt and precise. There would be no concession, nor reference to times gone by. Businesslike, unemotional, professional. It was not easy, it was not pleasant, but it was what was expected, demanded, of her. 
It should not have been like this, of course, it could have been so different. Leonard, how are you, so nice to see you again. Come on in. what do you fancy, a coffee, a tea, something a little stronger? I’m so sorry it had to come to this, but…. But Lenny had made all that impossible by somehow making her responsible for the rejection of the programme. As if she had any real say in what was accepted or not. Now he plodded behind her in his casual office wear like a man being led to the scaffold.
She had tried to rehearse her lines, to come up with a few well-intentioned words that would pave the way for her final, disagreeable task, but had abandoned the idea. He would only think her cynical anyway. Because no matter what she did or said Lenny had already judged and condemned her. So she would play it off the cuff and see how it worked out. 
In the outhouse the folding table awaited them, two plastic chairs placed at either end as if she had arranged it all beforehand, though it was in fact pure chance. What an awful impression she was giving! But she shrugged it off; she had so much to do.
‘They’ve decided against it. Too costly.  They say that maybe if you could cut it back…. But for now it’s off the agenda.’
That grated, that ‘off the agenda’ bit, but it was too late now, it was out. She was not too sure why she had added the white lie about cutting back; it was unnecessary and even a little dangerous. What if he picked her up on that and inquired about a second, third or fourth chance? 
Luckily he said nothing. He was going to make this easy for her after all. She tried to catch his eye for a second, then felt better of it. Detached was the best approach. It would soon be done.
‘Don’t waste any more time on it. It’s dead. Time to move on. I’m sorry.’
That sounded as if she were talking to herself, she realised. Good advice, but impossible to follow. This would never be over, never be dead, never forgotten. Lenny and Jackie went back a long way, and despite all the will in the world, he would forever form part of her life, at least her working life. And of course she would now have to learn to live with the memory of this ‘interview’, this beautiful spring morning, the sunlight infusing their otherwise bleak setting with a warm, promising glow that reminded her of television adverts and childhood. A bitter pill to swallow over and over again. I’m sorry, she had said. That was sincere.
He staggered to his feet. He wanted to convey a lack of surprise, a fait accompli, but instead he just looked as tired as she felt. Did he have a speech prepared for this moment? Some damning farewell? She thought not; Leonard was not a man of many words.
‘Me too.’
At first she didn’t understand. Me too what? Then she clicked – he too was sorry. Well that was fine, then, wasn’t it? There was little point in dragging it out any longer, so they parted in silence.

How logical it all sounded recounted in that way, what a seamless flow of coherent thought. It was the analysis of years concentrated into a brief meeting between two estranged colleagues. Once more there was a lack of surprise, a lack of emotion. They sounded weary in their maturity, felt comfortable with their cynicism. Experience led to monotony and zero expectations. They moved in an adult world of apathy and indifference, and their reactions were invariably cerebral; emotions can lead to pain and are best kept under wraps. 
But in reality neither of them was guilty of infanticide; the children they once were still existed not only in their memories but in almost everything they did. Under the surface of conventionalisms and decorum their souls were not divided into clearly defined segments – childhood, adolescence, adulthood. Rather they were an amalgam of infantile desires, illogical fears, and fantastic hopes. Of prejudice and of irrational likes and dislikes. Of selfishness, self hate and self esteem. Swamped by a mass of sensation and information, the only thing that kept them from going insane was the straightjacket of language and acceptable behaviour. That, and an instinctive urge to overcome, to survive.

How much was deliberately ignored, wittingly denied? And how much subliminally received? Lenny had been jet black, with a head of hair that reflected his strength and rebelliousness. Now it was jet stream grey, receding, wiry, whilst his thick eyebrows remained as dark as ever.  Why did she find that repugnant? The less attractive he became the less she wanted him as an acquaintance? An unfounded accusation... with a germ of truth in it. And his scent, a smell of men in days gone by, of teachers and uncles and fading screen stars. What was it? Spice, tobacco, testosterone? He was stocky, wide shouldered and short legged, a hairy man, a robust man, and somehow that made him… what? Old-fashioned, unmodern? He was never fully shaven, could never be silken and distinguished like Conrad, and that strangely annoyed her, had always strangely annoyed her. That was one of the things she denied. It was too subjective, too unfair. He wore large chunky watches on his tennis player’s wrist, and she pretended not to notice, not to mind. That was his business, his personal preference. And he was not hairy from choice, had had no say in his construction, could not be held to blame. It was simply that she found it a touch repulsive, a shade disgusting. But, she would theoretically insist, that had never clouded her feelings towards him. His genetic heritage was worthy of respect. They were not destined to be lovers, to find physical attraction the one in the other, and that was probably for the best.
As for Leonard, what was it about her yellow eyeshade that he had never liked? It was not anything he had examined in depth; he had no idea if he thought her eyes were too round, too small, too over-painted. Was it the colour, that nondescript halfway house between blue and grey? The eyeliner perhaps, the mascara? Or did they droop, pulled down by the bags under her eyes? He didn’t know, not consciously, but he had never enjoyed holding her gaze, not even all those years ago when she could still wear designer jeans and run her fingers through her hair without looking absurd. 
As the distance grew between them so their saving graces waned. The same personalities no longer held surprises, pleasant or otherwise. Each of them had been analysed and suffered a thousand times, resulting in tedium. His innocence evolved into stupidity, his nonconformity into stubbornness. Power transformed into paunch, verve subdued into plod.  Her drive, her once healthy ambition, had turned sourly into ruthlessness. We all possess beauty, and Jackie’s lay in her fingers, incredibly long pianist fingers, light and agile, supple and perfectly manicured. But when they were hidden under heavy duty gloves she lost all charm, became middling. Middle-aged, middle class, middle-management. 
Yet under that veil of boredom, the dull sheen of repetitive daily obligations, they both sheltered an innocent. A child in fancy dress, in her mother’s gown and lipstick, teetering on high heels, or masked and caped, ready to take on the world. It had been fun then, and the laughter they had so well controlled still lurked under the surface, waiting to be called back to life. Leonard had spotted the absurdity as he sat in his car, smell of damp, stale carpet smothered by artificial pine, hunting for scratchy tunes and local advertisements on the car radio, watched by his watch and the curious passersby. He almost giggled as he stretched and caught his sullen face in the wing mirror. Death row look. Instead he told himself it was no laughing matter. And when he had caught her in the gloves hadn’t she almost chortled, it’s a fair cop, like a naughty child found raiding the larder? All opportunities to break the ice had been instantly and mutually suppressed. The charade was professionally serious.
It had crossed his mind as he dragged his feet up the path to the front door. Perhaps he could spare her, and himself, the trauma, tell her not to worry, water under the bridge and the like. But it was just a notion, nothing he had really planned to put into action, so when she opened the door and he was received with such idle nonchalance, he let it drop. Later he would convince himself that the gloves had put him off, though in reality he knew that he was not going to offer her anything of the sort, was going to enter the house as silently as he was to leave. Why should she be reprieved if he was to be condemned? Let her do her job; that was what she was paid for.
Which was exactly what she intended to do, however he present himself. She had secretly hoped that he would come the way he did, like a lamb to the slaughter, because it made everything so quick and easy. How much more difficult a chatty, friendly, old time’s sake Lenny, hoping to bend her will through bonhomie and humour. It had been decided, and Conrad had agreed. She was to be distant and aloof. No sympathy, no pity. Keep it short and to the point. Make it clear who took the decision and why, then get him out of there asap. It was, after all, her home.
That was Jackie the climber, the bread winner, the competent and competitive businesswoman. It was a role she nurtured, but it was not her only side. In her more tender moments she imagined sitting Lenny down on the sofa, motioning with her finger to her lips that he was not to interrupt. She wanted to explain. There was no cause for grief or sorrow; they had simply taken different paths. Like two trains that for a few miles follow parallel tracks, but at one point diverge, fork off into separate directions. That is not enmity; it is just the course of life. We travelled together, now have parted, because our destinies are different. No more than that, Lenny, believe me. I derive no pleasure from this. I know how much this project meant to you and your future, and if it were up to me… No hard feelings?
An impossible dream, because he would interject continually, no, no, you don’t understand, course of life? Come on! It is not my future we are talking about, and what trains for heaven’s sake? He knew how to counter attack, how to pick holes in every argument, every turn of phrase. She would end up exhausted and mute. So she would let him have it from the hip. Drop it, it’s finished, move on and do something else. Case closed.
They were two neighbours chatting over the garden fence, each one safely inside their territory and their convictions. They knew each other well, too well, but would both keep up the semblance of friendliness necessary for peaceful coexistence. 
Leonard had dug himself in over the years, and now only his balding head could be seen popping out from his foxhole. Jackie enjoyed saying it in a French accent – entrenchment. The unbuttoned shirts, the expensive sneakers, that half sporty half family estate car that he ran. He spent a lot of time playing tennis or eating out. His children, whose names read like an insurance firm, Brent and Stacey, were indolently independent, their originality bordering on offensiveness. They slouched and sneered and guffawed, rubbing their up-to-dateness in your face like an insult. And Lenny just looked on, impassively, almost proudly, while Karen, the alternative yet oh so fuddy duddy Karen, ran behind them, unsure whether to scold or praise them.
People like Lenny thought that people like Lenny would change the world. Maybe not directly, but certainly indirectly, through their offspring. This new generation would turn the whole fucking world upside down! No standing on ceremony, no vested interests, no accumulated wealth. That was the pigeonhole Lenny had worked himself into, had managed to squeeze himself into along with so many others. Now his avant garde ideals were set in concrete. Not exactly Jackie’s type.
Jackie did not consider herself a foot soldier. She had no bone to pick with society, no social chip on her shoulder, unlike Lenny. Naturally she belonged, that was inevitable and advisable. But she belonged, as did Conrad and her very close friends like Marty and Christine, or the Kleins, to an open ended group of successful professionals. They should not have to apologise for that. Yes, she worked hard to achieve status and well-being, strove for comfort and security, was ambitious and aspiring. The sky’s the limit, as Conrad always said. What she did not need or accept was Leonard’s sullen, understated, insidious criticism. His jealousy, in short.
Always on the defensive, that was Jackie. So ready to become indignant, almost yearning for the chance to be offended. Only had to mention the new Mercedes for her to draw in her breath and pull herself up to her full height, ready to launch a counterattack. It was so hard to have a natural conversation with people like that, people who thought, or rather imagined, that everything you said was an outright attack on their way of life, on their dearly held beliefs, when in reality half the time all you wanted to know was how much a car like that would set you back. Did she feel guilty? Did she secretly accept that she had made it to the top of the castell by climbing on others’ backs? Because Jackie and Conrad had certainly moved up and on over the years. Huge house in the outskirts, a beach apartment, luxury holidays, three expensive cars on the drive. Impressive. All accompanied by an air of superiority as impenetrable as a safety deposit box. Did she really believe that all her worldly possessions were the true reflection of her worth? And if so, what was her worth? The ablity to nip inside half open doors, or the callousness to slam them in others’ faces? Her willingness to advance in her career despite? Despite everything and anything? How far would she go, how far was she prepared to go? This woman who happily made you travel into the distant suburbs, getting up at the crack of dawn, so that she could have the satisfaction of telling you to your face that you were, once again, a loser. You have been cut out, Lenny, out of the equation. Again. Will you never learn? That was the class of woman Jackie had actively turned herself into. No love lost.
For her own personal gain she had gleefully fallen into line with the cynics. Why do anything altruistic, why plough money back into the local community, where is the profit? Short-sighted greedy executives whose raison d’etre was to make a fast buck and to hell with everything and everyone else. Education for the rural masses? Break it down into cost effectiveness and attractive returns for the shareholders. Zero cost. Fine. Quick profit not guaranteed? The benefits are not tangible? Off the agenda. Fuck Mario and his simple-minded mother. Tell them to move to the inner city and stop complaining. Whose was this idea anyway? Then would she wash her hands.
That is how he saw her now, except that there was also a filter, a lighting effect that smoothed her features and softened her appearance. Because they had been friends once, and although he had compared that to an oily rag, it was more than that. The liquid of detail had evaporated, but the crystallised memory remained. She had stood up for him on more than one occasion, and if it hadn’t been for her string pulling Brent would never have got into Shetland College. He would be eternally grateful for that. And she was not a ‘bad’ person, far from it. The way she spoke, her intonation, the pauses, it was all designed so as not to cause offence. It was apologetic, understanding, tolerant and sensitive talk. Even the way she walked, as if tiptoeing lightly past sleeping children, daintily, unobtrusively. It was instinctive, automatic, and perhaps for that reason appeared studied and deliberate. He still had the watch she gave him, in the bottom drawer of the bedside table, the strap too worn now and a little dated, but it was there, like a reminder of their lost intimacy. No, she was not remotely calculating or evil. She was no better or worse than most. Selfish was probably the closest adjective. Jackie cared for Jackie, and by extension for Conrad because he formed part of the present tandem. But there was never any intention to hurt, no desire to do harm. She merely played her part and shrugged off the consequences, like most people.
So what a person  said, how they said it, what they meant, what they hoped to convey by that particular choice of words, that intonation, that phrasing and delivery, was also coloured by the mood of the receptor, their attitude at that given moment, if they felt grateful or aggrieved, sympathetic or retaliatory. And underlying all that, a general conception of what the speaker represented socially, philosophically. The depth of their empathy.
‘They’ve decided against it. Too costly.  They say that maybe if you could cut it back…. But for now it’s off the agenda.’
Was it to be ‘poor Jackie’ or ‘what a bitch’? Both probably, and more. ‘How could you?’, ‘did I hear you right?’, ‘this must be so difficult for you’. Listen in sullen silence or cut her short? Make it hard for her by insisting on redebating every point, or let it drop? Ignore the tenseness in her lips and her neck, or notice the embarrassment in her hastily removed attempt at eye contact? 
His wife would ask ‘so how’d it go?’, pretending indifference as she prepared something or other, afraid that if she showed too much interest he would become suspicious and less communicative. Karen liked to think that she could catch you off guard with her psychological tricks, and that the best, the truest answers, were given in such circumstances. What would his edited reply be? How would the historian recount the past?

In curt, stark detail would be Jackie’s way. Conrad would inquire without enthusiasm, and she would deal with both him and the affair in less than a minute. He would pick up on that and leave her alone. Because it would be almost impossible to relate. To do so she would first have to analyse what she had felt and perceived, to ask herself why she had behaved as she had, why she had treated him that way, and she was not sure that she was capable of that, at least not yet, not so soon after the act. It had all been so uncomfortable, so awkward, intimidating even. It was like being asked to slaughter the chicken for lunch. An everyday atrocity best carried out by others because it was not as easy as some thought. Disagreeable, very hands on, and in the long run perhaps even avoidable, unnecessary. Or was that too melodramatic, too queasy? It was extremely complicated to know exactly where the balance was. Too this, too that? Had she been too distant, too cold, too professional? Or too weak, too transparent, too nervous? Should she have made more of an effort with her clothes, her hair, those damned gloves? How much was she to blame for the way things had turned out, and how much was she simply reacting to his attitude? Could he have made things smoother? 
She had to thank Conrad. His discretion was a boon. How on earth could she have narrated events in any coherent way if she was still in turmoil herself? What a day. A day for frowning and a wringing of hands, for vague regrets and stoical self confirmation. That project had meant so much to him, too much apparently. It had been his saving grace, his good action, his chance to save his soul and that of his family. It was community, the common good, altruism, philanthropy. His Lincoln, King, Ghandi moment. 
In short, unrealistic. 
He was barking up the wrong tree. Did he really expect a profit making organisation to foot the bill? Could he not see that his economics were fatally flawed? She was sure that he had become blinded by the idea, had lost all perspective, was obsessed. And that in itself was enough to kill it off. He became involved, personally, emotionally, and that was what eventually turned the board against the proposition. She had tried to warn him, had even suggested that he pass it on to a colleague, someone less passionate and therefore able to see what needed tweaking and why, but... His baby. A lost cause. 
What did she mean by that? The project, or its father? She was unsure, maybe both in a way. Still, it was over now, and she was tired, tired of going over and over it, of rewinding and fast forwarding the whole sordid event like an insistent detective, hoping that at one point in the film she would be able to say ‘stop there, there, look, do you see that?’  Knowing that her life was not a film, not a tidy sequence of frames with a soundtrack, a beginning and an end, (no memory of birth, no news of death), but a kaleidoscope made of fragments of coloured-glass time, action and reaction, emotion and imagination. A tale untold, untellable. Signifying nothing? Most likely, but that didn’t matter; as if things had to have a meaning.
She tried not to think about it, but was unable to shake it off despite her weariness and her desire to forget the whole episode. It would not leave her alone, refused to go away. 
What was it she had said? 
‘Don’t waste any more time on it. It’s dead. Time to move on. I’m sorry.’
It was his reply that bothered her now. That ‘me too’.  Was he answering the final line, the ‘I’m sorry’? That would be the most logical. So why did she have a nagging doubt, the feeling that he had not meant that at all, but that he was responding to another part of her speech. ‘It’s dead’. There had been something, a movement, a shift in light of some kind that she had picked up on. It was as if he had been about to speak even before she had finished, before she had said ‘Time to move on. I’m sorry’. He was already forming the words in his mouth, that resonating ‘me too’.  What was it, an accusation? You have killed me? Or a realisation, an acceptance of his new situation? Or worse still, a resignation. Not from the job, he could not afford such arrogant luxury, but from their relationship, their worn out friendship? He was sorry, sorry it had come to this, sorry she had been unable to stand by him in his hour of need, sorry she was such a cold-hearted bitch, sorry he would never have anything to do with her again. Was that it? 
She thought about that over supper. It was cruel, and out of character. And there had been that fleeting moment, that shiver of anticipation as he prepared to say ‘me too’. That she had noticed and it was not to be denied or ignored. So his sense of self defeat was more in line with his personality than his scorn. More comforting like that. More digestible. Because if she had really hurt his feelings to the point that he would strike her off his list, then... That was unbearable. Unbearable at work, avoiding each other like ex lovers. Unbearable on his part, blaming her for his cracked ambitions. Unbearable for her heart, too, to think that, even if inadvertently, she had caused so much pain and hatred. A sick feeling in the stomach, a streak of adrenalin at the thought of it. That could not be her conclusion. 

They would sleep on it. In the morning they would see things in a new light, a clearer light, at least for a while. Later the uncertainties would return, and they would go over the scene a few thousand times, watching in non-surprise as the script evolved, became amorphous, lost definition.  Then it would be drained of all colour, bleached to an anecdote. Their words paraphrased and noted in reported speech – then I said, she added, he responded. Their clumsiness would become comical, their discomfort would be gracefully removed, until they had something they could live with.
The whole immense and intense exchange would finally be compressed into a few kilobytes; the essentials compacted into a manageable-sized file that took up virtually no space at all. A condensed, abridged version that was easier to understand and that would, in time, completely replace the original.


FADE IN, FADE OUT




PRELUDE



…hardly notice how it started, it was as if it had always been there, the ticking of a clock, or the hum of a fridge.  It had arrived stealthily, like an underlying doubt, and although it would be almost impossible to pinpoint now, there must have been a starting point, a beginning, a moment in time when the silence was broken. 
Broken? No, silence is not a piece of fragile glass to be shattered by piercing notes. Silence is a bar on a pentagram; it is music’s perfect partner. 
Let us say then, that there came a time when the sound grew loud enough to be heard. It nagged at our daily lives, invaded our dreams, eventually imposing itself on us totally as it moved 
from imperceptibility 
through dissonance 
into deafening noise.



SYMPHONY



‘Hey, Joel, hey, how’s it going?’
Marcus slapped him on the back and gave him a half hug. Joel had expected this, it was part of the obligatory bonhomie; good vibes were part of the protocol. But he knew it was not really meant, not this time. Marcus smiled, but looked at Joel suspiciously, as if he had already scented the purpose of his visit.
‘Fine, just fine. You look like a happy man!’
Joel prodded his companion’s stomach.
‘Least I got my hair!’
A supposedly friendly banter that did nothing to ease the atmosphere. Joel picked up a miniature guitar from Marcus’ desk. It gave him something to do with his hands, like a bad actor. From behind Marcus a poster of B.B. King, lost in his personal world of blues, ignored them both.
‘So what brings you here, my friend?’
Asked casually, but dangled as if it were bait.
‘I need to talk to Carl. Is he in?’
A deflected answer. Not a good sign. 
‘He’s upstairs in the soundtrack studio. He’s got a lot on his agenda.  Anything I can do for you?’
Far too transparent. Joel sidestepped.
‘You could give me your sister’s number.’
‘She gave up her number a long time ago.’
The attempted humour, the pretend intimacy was falling flat on its face. Time to move on.
‘I have to speak to Carl now. It’s important. Could you let him know I’m here?’
It was a request, but at the same time an order, and coming from Joel, coordinator of the Cultural department, it was also a veiled threat. There was no point in trying to delay him or probe him further.
‘Wait here.’



At a perfectly illuminated canteen table sat a beautiful blonde girl with the eloquent gestures of a professional actress. Her companions had been chosen to supply contrast: an Afro American boy adorned with gadgetry, an Asian girl with jet black hair brushed over one shoulder, a red haired youth with an incipient beard, like a junior lumberjack. They pretended to eat and drink and gossip idly. The camera swung gently across identical groups of students towards the entrance to the campus canteen. A dark boy walked in, hands stuffed into his jeans pockets, an enigmatic look on his face. The camera panned back to the girl, who twitched nervously, communicating her uneasiness through her well-studied though overacted facial movements.
Carl stopped the sequence and set it back to the beginning.
‘That’s the scene. Now I have to add the background music, the soundtrack.’
Out of habit he spoke clearly, stressing each syllable, facing Aisha directly so that she could read his lips if necessary. He was unsure if her operation had been a success or not, and to what degree she could now pick up the sound of his voice. The implant had a little green light that blinked on and off from time to time, but he did not know if this was significant or not. From where Aisha sat she could see the light reflected in the wide screen.
‘Music is still difficult for me to hear correctly. It sounds metallic. Since the implant I can hear more, much more, but the sounds have changed. Your voice sounds different. I suppose I’ll get used to it.’
The studio was a small room, full of mixing desks and monitors. There was a smell of old carpet and new plastic. Carl sat in the big chair, the one with wheels. Aisha sat on the assistant’s chair, aluminum, sticky fake leather upholstery, no more than a metre from Carl.
‘Do they check the equalization when you go for checkups?’
‘Uh huh, but it still sounds odd.’
‘But you can hear much better, I mean much more?’
‘Oh yes, it’s fantastic, really fantastic.  Thanks to all of you.’
Carl blushed and turned back to the screen; he hadn’t been fishing for gratitude. She was referring to the fact that the musicians, organized via the studio, had staged a number of charity gigs so that she could have her implant operation.  She would be eternally grateful, which meant Carl would feel eternally uncomfortable. 
He decided to try her out. With his back to her he started to explain.
‘What I do now will colour the scene, give the impression I want. Well, what the director wants.  If I choose a certain type of music, the scene takes on a different air.’
He swiveled to face her. She nodded. But had she heard him? She realized she was being tested, and answered accordingly.
‘I see what you mean, though I may not be able to pick up the soundtrack too well.’
She still spoke in her slightly swollen way, as if she had something in her mouth, but she no longer shouted, he noticed.
‘Well let’s see. First, I am going to make it a romance. She has been waiting for her loved one to arrive. When he does, she is thrown into a whirl. Love will conquer all.’
‘At least at the movies.’
‘OK, here goes. Take one.’
Violins, tinkling piano, a harp somewhere in the distance. The boy enters, her heart swells, riding on the waves of emotional music. It must be love!
‘Very pretty. I didn’t get it all, as I said, it sounds very metallic, but I can hear it, I can feel the atmosphere.’
‘Great! You’ll get used to it, more and more as time goes by, you’ll see. But that’s excellent. Now let’s change the whole idea. A horror story. She is safe with her friends, hoping to god that her worst nightmare won’t turn up. But then, oh no! It’s him! Fear, panic, terror! Ready?’
Erratic sounds against a backdrop of tense, slightly discordant strings, off beat and dramatic bass sounds. A crescendo of harsh, frenzied orchestration accompanied by a piercing high note as the dark boy enters.
‘Wow, how it changes the whole concept of the scene, eh? From love to fear, just by changing the music score. Incredible.’
‘And that’s what we do, amongst other things like recording the bands and stuff. We also do adverts and jingles. Video game sounds lately. Anything to do with the world of music.’
Aisha  toyed with a miniature antenna that she could connect to a base plaque just above her ear.  She was about to give thanks again when Marcus appeared at the door.
‘Hi Aisha. How’s it going? You picking it all up now?’
‘Most of it. It still sounds a bit metallic, but I suppose that with time…
Marcus cut short the niceties by his look of concern. Carl and Aisha fell silent waiting for an explanation.
‘Joel’s downstairs. Wants to see you now. Won’t take no for an answer. I don’t like it.’
‘Send him up.’
Aisha saw her cue.
‘Well, I’ll be off now. Thanks so much for…’
‘No, Aisha, just a minute if you don’t mind. Are you in a hurry?’
‘Nnnoo’
Which meant, not necessarily, not if you need me. Are you sure?
‘Just for a few minutes. If you don’t mind?’
‘No, no, that’s fine.’
‘Tell him to come on up’.



CHORUS



The first to arrive had come in peace, as political refugees. They were brothers, and all they sought was a safe haven and a little compassion. Later came their armed colleagues, rebels fighting the good fight. They presented themselves as the oppressed, the misunderstood, and called for collaboration. Insidiously they began to take control of the area, at first attempting to persuade the locals to follow their example through fine words and acts of charity. When they saw that the change in the community was too slow, they began to employ a strategy of subtle coercion.  Gradually the local populace began to realize that they had lost control of their destinies, that the once welcome rebels had turned into their new rulers. Too late they looked up from their tables and saw that the enemy had been invited to enter.




FUGUE



Joel could be seen through the glass door, his form slowly rising from the stairs like an introductory note.  He was confident and very calm, at least in appearance.  He said nothing, just a smile for Carl, an acknowledging nod for Aisha.  He walked over to a mixing desk and leant against it nonchalantly, trading comfort for pose. There was a rhythm too, probably very simple in its basic form, but with accents and backbeats that were difficult to catch for the uninitiated. 
Aisha insisted; she ought to go now. Carl ignored her silent pleas and turned all his attention to Joel.
Neither man spoke, as if it were a contest and the first one to start a conversation would lose. Joel toyed with the knobs on the control desk; Carl, still sitting, waited expectantly for his visitor to begin.  The false friendliness that had reigned downstairs was blaringly absent in the studio. At last Joel said
‘We had some great times together, eh? Some great times.’
He waited, but Carl did not reply.
‘But that was a long time ago, Carl, a long, long time ago, and things change, things are changing.’
He broke into a nasal tone and sang the Bob Dylan truism ‘oh the times they are a-changing’. Carl threw a look at Aisha who was swaying nervously from one foot to another, sensing the tension and begging to be left out of it. But she was as much a part of it as everyone.
‘What do you want here, Joel? Have you come back to remember when we were friends?’
Straight to the heart. Joel winced theatrically, but also possibly too he was reeling a little, he hadn’t expected such bluntness, such open animosity. He stood up straight, pulling himself up to his full height, which was considerable, as if by so doing he could assert himself better.
‘OK, Carl.‘
He sniffed, pulled at his sleeves, and began to recite the purpose of his mission. He looked hurt, as if he would have preferred a different manner, but as they had insisted, they would now receive the full, unabridged official version. He gave the impression as he spoke that, due to their cold reception, he was now obliged to withdraw any help he may have been able to offer. So be it.
‘The Committee has decided you have two days to clear out. They will take the building for other cultural uses. Any instrument discovered after that date will be publicly destroyed along with all technical material. No exceptions, no prorogues. Two days, no more.’
‘Thank you for the warning.’
Joel remained erect, unshaken by Carl’s attempted sarcasm. There was another silence.
‘Do you remember Aisha? She is Paolo’s daughter, you know, Paolo, the keyboard player?’
Joel once more acknowledged her presence by a slight inclination of the head.
‘She had hearing problems, was born almost totally deaf. But with a little help we managed to organize a number of concerts and pay for an implant. Pure technology. Look.’
Joel knew Carl too well to be pulled in; he knew the ground was being prepared for a speech, for a lesson. Well he too had lessons to teach.
‘The Committee has decreed that music can only be employed under their cultural guidance. Any other music, of any kind, is to be considered the trumpet of the devil.’
A provocation. But Carl would not be thrown off track.
‘Paolo’s daughter.’
 She was being used as evidence.
‘It is the collective that counts, not the individual.’
Said like that it sounded like an insult. Aisha had not undergone delicate surgery to hear this.
‘I must be off now. If you don’t mind?’
She left them to it.
‘The collective versus the individual. Are we still dragging up that false dichotomy?  How can you believe such nonsense, Joel? You’re a musician!’
‘I am no longer.’
‘You are a musician, like it or not. You can’t just walk away from half of your life. The collective, the collective. What is a collective but a group of individuals? In a band the singer cares for his or her part, playing with the rhythms, the silences, trying to communicate…
‘Look, I haven’t come here to listen to all this…’
‘but she needs the band, needs the drummer, the bass player, the…’
‘There is no point in going through all this again, Carl, I did not…’
‘Because what you are doing is exclusion. You are cutting out those who do not agree with you, you want a monotonous world with one voice, but you know…’
‘Look, Carl, we have been together for a long time, I just want to warn you, that’s all…’
‘Music opens its arms to new instruments, new sounds. It is fusion, not confusion. That’s why it is the only universal language.. .’
‘The devil’s trumpet!’
‘Then don’t listen, don’t play, don’t go to concerts, cover your children’s ears! But do not silence the rest of us, damn you!’
At some stage Carl had stood up and confronted Joel. Now they stared at each other with passion and mistrust in the long pause before the final note. 
‘Two days.’


CODA

When the militia broke in most of the instruments and mixing desks had gone, hastily loaded onto trucks and driven at full speed to the border. What remained, some old drums, mike stands, some out dated pieces of technology or parts too heavy to remove, were dragged into the street and burnt. 
The erratic crackling and hissing sounds that accompanied the column of black smoke could not be interpreted as either music or silence.
 It was pure cacophony.

The Moor



The cottage was a few miles out of town on the edge of the moor and he had rented it for a long weekend break. It was a chance to be alone for a few days, to reassess, to put everything into perspective. I need time, time and distance, he had claimed. Now, faced with the long trek back to the cottage, he smiled as his words came back to him.
He set off along the dark lane into the countryside under a constant drizzle. The last lights of the village faded and disappeared as he walked, and all he could see was the low hedgerow which ran beside the road, or the silhouettes of trees picked out against the horizon. Occasionally the clouds would tear revealing the dimmest of stars for an instant, the suggestion of a moon, only to quickly merge once more as if it had been a mistake.
He was tired, having travelled most of the day to get there, and it was now later than he had planned. The cottage was at least another three miles off, no cars were to be seen on the deserted lane, and the rain was beginning to edge its way into his body. A cold wind had picked up and buffeted him from all sides as if unable to make up its mind in which direction to blow. 
He stopped, and tried to get his bearings. To the right he could see nothing at all, but to his left, on the very edge of sight, he was sure he could make out the tall trees of the copse next to the rented cottage. The country road ran into the dark bordering the moor, swinging around in a large arc, but if he took a short cut straight across it he should reach the cottage in no time. Of course it was uneven ground, full of tufts of long grass and muddy puddles, but it would be so much quicker. He imagined the cosy front room, the warm hearth, dry clothes and a nightcap, and stepped onto the moor.
It was hard work, harder than he had imagined. The city had weakened him and his breathing was noisy and laboured. The mud clung to his shoes like a desperate lover, the mounds tried to trip him up, and he was starting to sweat in his heavy raincoat. As he walked he strained to keep his eyes focused on the small copse. It was important not to lose sight of this point of reference -  the moor was an inhospitable place and had no mercy on stray travellers. At intervals the rain eased off, and though the wind still tugged and tousled at his hair and clothes, he made steady progress towards his home.
Then he heard it. Above the sound of his laboured breathing and the splashing of his shoes in the sodden soil. A rushing sound hurtling towards him from behind, like the threat of an approaching underground train, coming closer and closer, chasing him, hunting him down. What could it be? He stopped and strained to hear more, hoping to recognise and localise the sound. Whatever it was it was headed his way. He broke into a trot, stumbling as he ran, clumsy in his slick city shoes and soggy overcoat. Nearer it came, ever nearer. He panicked, and ran as fast as he could across the treacherous terrain, not daring to look behind him for fear of what he may discover. On he thrashed, on towards the copse, the safety of the cottage, cursing his rashness as he almost fell to his knees, managing to stagger on, like a fool, over the windswept barren wastes of the moor, as it was almost upon him, as he screamed and held his arms above his head as if by doing so he would be able to protect himself from the menace which was about to pounce, as the wall of torrential rain eventually engulfed him, sweeping across the plain towards the copse. 
Rain. He stopped, exhausted. It had been no more than a downpour of rain advancing across the moor. He started to laugh, a nervous, embarrassed laugh, while the rain pounded the earth without compassion. What had he imagined it could have been, running from his own shadow like that? He shook his head in disbelief, unsure whether to be angry or amused, then began to walk again towards the edge of the moor, towards the small cottage that awaited his arrival like a pet dog.
At last he could make out the chimney, the garden fence, his car parked under a tree. Here everything was as it had always been, comfortable and secure, without fear, because there was no mystery. 
He stopped once more and listened, listened to the sound of rain on earth, then slowly turned around and ventured back onto the moor.

YOU AND I ARE EARTH



1




The van crept unnoticed into the dimly lit service alley and parked up against a high brick wall. Unnoticed, because all attention was centred on the town square, where in a few minutes’ time a firework display would mark the end of the local fair. Two men climbed out of the van and hauled themselves up to the roof. They unhooked an aluminium ladder and a hold-all from the roof rack, working steadily, silently, with the co-ordinated movements of professionals. The ladder, padded in parts with sackcloth and secured to the top of the van by nylon ropes, was thrown over the brick wall. Carefully, avoiding the shards of broken glass that topped the wall, the two men climbed down into the back yard of the establishment, one of them with the hold-all on his back like a rucksack, his arms thrust through the handles. They waited. 
 The revellers filled the square, which was formed by the imposing façades of the Town Hall, All Saints Church, a Bank, and the Police Station. A large coffee bar on one corner supplied modern day bread and circus. They were all facing a temporary stage placed before the main doors of the Town Hall. Tonight, after the fireworks, there would be music. 
As the clocks struck eleven, up went the first rockets, and down came the men’s sledgehammers, smashing into angels’ heads, into the swollen bellies of Phoenician urns, into daintily decorated porcelain garden lamps. In syncopated rhythm the rockets burst, showering the onlookers with myriad coloured sparks, as the gaily painted ceramics exploded into thousands of fragments, their varnished colours dying as quickly as embers in the darkness of the yard.
The fireworks ended sooner than the men had suspected - a question of municipal economics. But they had not finished yet. They waited for the band to strike up. With the first chords they would break into the main building itself, through the double metal doors, and devastate the exhibition room where the really valuable stuff was housed. Breathing heavily they leant on their hammers among the shattered earthenware for the music to start. An ear-piercing feedback stabbed the silence, followed by a large groan from the crowd. Technical problems. Three minutes later they were forced to admit defeat, there would be no more music tonight. They scrambled back up the ladder, stored their tools, and crept back out into the lights of the town.


2

The old town of Stilbury had been surrounded by a necklace of ring roads and roundabouts, like a tarmac- grey string of pearls.  Whether the intention of the urban planners had been to adorn or strangle the city was a matter of debate. Along these bleak dual carriageways a host of functional warehouses and services stations had sprung up like trees along a river bank. Trees sought water and trace elements; discount stores and leisure centres came in search of access routes and parking space. It was their natural habitat.
Stilbury was dwindling, its population trickling away to larger cities. Despite the industrial estates, despite the Congress Centre, despite the demolition of every building over fifty years old. Once famous, at least locally, for its ceramic trade, the town had fallen prey to World Economics. Somewhere a handful of people were playing real Monopoly, gobbling up properties and amenities and laughing all the way past Go, whilst others went bankrupt. Rules of the game. Not so long ago there had been over a hundred working kilns in Stilbury, producing some of the finest pottery in the area. Today all but one had been bulldozed for redevelopment.
The new Stilbury was a drab affair. Only a few streets remained of the historical centre, marred with office blocks and plate glass shop fronts which had somehow managed to squeeze themselves between the traditional buildings despite the uproar. Anonymous architecture, cloned from a thousand other towns worldwide, offered a dull backdrop to the listless townsfolk. It was ironic that Stilbury, in the past a town renowned for its things of beauty, should now be reduced to this insipid, uninspiring present, as if the aesthetic and the functional were mutually exclusive.
But the terrible truth was that nobody bought ceramics anymore. They were expensive and impractical. Plastic substitutes could be found for a fraction of the cost. Or cheap imported versions. Why pay more? Bailey’s had at last gone under, the largest manufacturer the town had ever known, and one of the oldest too. Sold out to a DIY franchise. 
Coming into town off the M17, exit 43, the foundations of the long heralded Pottery Museum could be seen like archaeological remains, abandoned to the approach of weeds and vermin. It would never be finished now, arts funding being a thing of the past. The treasures intended to find their eternal rest in Stilbury Pottery Museum could now be seen in a modest exhibition at the back of My Old China Shop, just off the town square.
Ted Turnbull, the proprietor and master craftsman of the shop, and of the last working kiln in Stilbury, was under as much pressure as the town itself. One by one he had seen how his fellow potters had been forced to close, unable to weather the storm, unable to survive without protection in the Free Trade Zone. Market forces the media said. Law of the jungle it used to be called. But Ted Turnbull struggled on, against the odds, against his family’s advice, against financial logic, like Canute fighting back the waves of change; stubborn, resolute, and doomed to eventual failure. 
The other kilns had moved on; he would stay. The local council had refused to fund the Pottery Museum; he would house it. Other shops had given in to the persuasive tactics and ready cash of the import trade; he would hang on. He would not sell trash, he would not abandon the skills he had perfected over a lifetime, he would not sell out to the highest bidder. Ted Turnbull would continue to create things of beauty, even if no-one wanted them, even if he never sold another one in his life, even if all they would do was gather dust in his makeshift exhibition room.
Because he had to admit business was slack. Even his less artistic work was of the highest quality, but with a price tag that reflected the hours spent in its manufacture. His earthenware urns, his decorative figures, even his lowly plant pots, were considered luxury items by most of the townsfolk and sold slowly. So when he arrived on Monday morning to find that almost every single piece stored in the backyard had been destroyed, deliberately vandalised by persons unknown, though heavily suspected, he realised that final defeat was not far away. Luckily they had not ventured into the exhibition area, and his most prized items remained intact. For now.



3

When it came to business affairs there were many adjectives that could be used to describe Xiong Liu – ruthless, unscrupulous, heartless, ambitious, persistent, aggressive. He had accepted as a young man that all these traits would be necessary if he were to succeed in the cut throat world of international commerce. They were values to be encouraged, nurtured, values to be proud of. Now that he was influential, now that he had managed to pull his family out of rural poverty, now that he was powerful and rich, he had no intention of changing tactics. 
He stood at the door to one of his local emporiums, dressed in a flashy dark suit, with a green silk shirt and a bright yellow tie, with mirrored sunglasses on his head like a silver hairband. When he saw the two men arrive he motioned that they follow him through the store to his office cum warehouse at the back of the premises. As he walked proudly along the aisles of bright plastic junk, pointing at this and that, he resembled the early white traders in Africa, selling baubles to the ignorant and fascinated natives in return for their most valuable goods.
The men had come for their money. But they had not completed the job. They tried to explain. Excuses. They would receive payment, as always, on completion of the assigned task. That was final.  
Xiong Liu’s face was expressionless, unfathomable. By choice he was a man of few words, as his profession demanded. But what he was thinking was that he wanted those premises, it was a prime spot, and the old man was wasting everybody’s time. He was a fool, a failure. Worse, he was a romantic. He made things of the past, things nobody was interested in anymore. Let him roll over and die. 
On completion. But wait for instructions. Go now. 


4

Ted Turnbull went to the police who were sympathetic. They would do what they could, which meant a visit, some photos, some paperwork. Broken pottery was not high on their list of priorities, and although Ted had his suspicions, they were no more than that. Until hard evidence was found it was best to let the insurance company take over, which meant a visit, some photos, some paperwork. And a serious doubt about the ‘acts of vandalism’ opt out clause.  So Ted cleaned up the mess and went back to work. He needed more clay, but his usual contact was unable to supply him any longer, claiming that it was more trouble than it was worth. He cast around for another source, but as only the best would do for Ted Turnbull, he had to look farther afield to find what he wanted, and the transport costs would mean upping his prices once more. There was nothing he could do; he would have to abandon all but the highest quality ceramics, and see how long he could resist. He could feel the rope tighten around his neck.



5
Xiong Liu was waiting for My Old China Shop to fall like a ripened plum. He had chased off Ted’s supplier, he had spoken to the transport companies, and he had stuffed his own shop windows full of cheap ceramics, from plant pots to hand painted figures. Very soon now that property would be his. There was no remorse, no sympathy, no sentimentality. Xiong Liu had won; it was as simple as that. Mr. Turnbull had had his day, now he was finished, obsolete. The things he had created and was so proud of meant nothing to anyone anymore, were only museum pieces, extremely fragile, and once broken only fit for the bin. 
He knew he would not need to send the men back to finish their business. It was just a question of time. Time for Ted Turnbull to beseech the local council once more about the never-to-be museum, time for his remaining stock to run out, time for the overheads to weigh him down. Time for Mr. Turnbull to accept, if not defeat, at least early retirement. 


6

A few months later Xiong Liu, accompanied by his sister and his brother-in-law, entered the empty premises. There was dust everywhere, and scraps of cardboard littered the floor. They would strip it all down, throw out the old counter and shelves, change the lighting, give it a lick of paint, and stack it full of the imported knick knacks that sold so well. He picked his way towards the old office, trying not to soil his shiny new boots. On Ted Turnbull’s desk was a parcel, perfectly wrapped in brown paper and tied with string. It read: For the new owner. Xiong Liu examined it carefully, almost as if it were a booby trap. What was this? A present? A joke? Some kind of revenge? He showed it to his family, who urged him to open it. Very slowly he untied the string and folded back the wrapping. Inside was a hand written note, a small white dish no larger than a saucer, and a plasticised card. Baffled, he handed the note and card to his sister who read English a lot better than he did. 

The note read: Please accept this small gift. It is, in my opinion, the most valuable object in the collection.
The card read: This small, white, bone china dish was found in a London sewer in 1973. It was made in Stilbury by Baliley’s and Sons aprrox. 1810-1820. How it came to end up in a sewer, and how it managed to survive unscathed for so long is a mystery. Still legible around the rim is the legend -  You and I are Earth.

Xiong Liu picked up the dish and examined it. You and I are Earth. Then he flung back his head and laughed until tears came to his eyes.

